This is your daily reminder that the most educated First Lady in  American history was a Black woman. Michelle Obama is the only FLOTUS to  hold 2 Ivy League degrees from Harvard and Princeton.
She also said when Barack was elected that it was the first time in her adult life she was proud to be an American! Really? Wow...
Not so proud to be an American now . . .  we are the laughing stock of the world and our President is the most illiterate and corrupt in history.
Melania, I thank you for carrying yourself with dignity and grace while being attacked by ppl who have never met you. Its a job you didn't ask for. Thank you for taking on this task while being a wonderful mother to Barren and honoring our country. We love our @ FLOTUS #MAGA
Thank you for your kind words for our FLOTUS.  I turn 81 tomorrow and I have never seen such bitter hatred as the left has shown our president and first lady.  So sad.
Yes Ms Beverly...It is sad. I was raised to be kind to others and to treat them as we would want them to treat us. Don't worry about a splinter in others eyes when you have a plank in yours. No one is perfect. #BEKINDTOALL
You guys are so full of it. I believe Trump will be one of the greatest Presidents ever. Have the news is fake. Look at all of the stuff the Clintons and Obama’s have done.
Exactly,  thank you. Someone else with eyes open and not shrouded with blinders
What do you know about black history? The closest you’ve been to a black person was Omarosa!
Well it's a pleasant surprise to see how kind ppl can be. (cough) I respectMelania,  Michelle Obama and all previous first ladies. They represent our great country and it's a job they don't ask for. It you can't say something nice... #BEKINDTOALL @FLOTUS
I just threw up a little in my mouth . But I have heard of times when the gracious plantation owner allowed the son to take the fathers lashes .
That was generations ago. Why don’t you and Bernie move somewhere and start a commune? Oh, wait, he can’t leave when his crooked wife is in prison.
You should be at your lawyers office - divorce is imminent-
130000$ payoff from your husbands lawyer to porn star Stormy Daniels !!
it’s so embarrassing for you nad your son Baron  - save him and get away from the Donald
#omarosa
I'm guessing Donald isn't involved?
He hosted the whole affair out of his pocket. And exactly what involvement were you other than your snide remarks? Your kind is always standing on the outside making comments about those on the inside
Other yhan greedy carson, any hard working African Americans there?
@realDonaldTrump @CHPsouthern 
3/20/67
SisCo.
JOSEPHMARY 
U jacking off while tweeting..
Has @realDonaldTrump ever hit you?
Hope none of your guests came from #ShitholeCountries
why everybody is entertaining themselves not waking up to the NWO or the UN depopulation ordered by my 13 families LOL 
You are such a refreshing change to the political landscape - Worldwide not just USA - all of us in the UK wish you and your family the very best and warmest wishes from us. God Bless You Mrs Trump!
The country that still believes in Kings and queens is going to knock our "elected" @POTUS . The leader of the free world might consider helping the U.K. with all the banking corruption after. he drains the swamp first.


He is not her sugar daddy he is her husband. She has her own wealth she does not need a sugar daddy.
Melania, you do realize that your husband and his nazi friends are trying to ensure that there are no unique or diverse cultures in America....right?

@realDonaldTrump is a racist and has been his whole life

Divorce him.  Take as much as you can get, get away from that adulterer

#Stopthehate
Did you invite the Central Park 5 over to celebrate with Donald?
Hi

Democrats flip 36th GOP-held state legislative seat with Florida win. #TrumpCrimeFamily
We love our FLOTUS!!!!
They must have hired a black catering company.
Something wrong with Black  Caterers?
Oh Melania.  You poor thing.  I can’t even imagine the horror of waking up next to @realDonaldTrump.
You cannot imagine waking every day as wife to the most accomplished man of our time?

I don't suppose you plan to stick with your man when he grows old, either.

Because there is a thing called loyalty.

Ever heard of it?

Nice
Love and appreciate you @FLOTUS . Thank you for helping @POTUS to MAGA!!
#PutinBot
Beautiful couple!!!

How much does killary Clinton pay you
Your husband does not know what  he is doing.
Is that right ? Lol geez.
BS
Absolutely Love My President and First Lady!!
These women have accused @potus of sexual assault or harassment
Natasha Stoynoff
Rachel Crooks
Cathy Heller
Kristin Anderson
Summer Zervos
Mindy Macgillivray
Jill Harth
Jessica Leeds
Temple McDowell
Karena Virginia
Jennifer Murphy
Ninni Laaksonen
Jessica Drake

I believe them all
Why did they wait so long to complain???

good one
Why thank you 
you're welcome
We LOVE YOU HAPPY VALENTINES DAY to our AMERICA'S GREATEST Presidential family ever 

Why should she? You are way out of line
Sure you are. Go resist where you are needed.
Probably supported this guy's wife.
I watched the ceremony honoring black peoples. Our president gave a very fine commentary on the good works and the service to our country that have been given by black people.
No. Not so proud of someone who didn’t graduate college after saying she did, plagiarized her speech and a porn model. Hard pass on that.
You think Black history is just busses, boycotts, and baseball. Girl, sit down.
Is this how the left "respects" women? By saying "girl, sit down" to the First Lady of the United States?  

Hey Frank - #WhatHappened  #TrumpsYourPresident #MAGA  #LiberalTears 
He also said his ex wife was a bitch! I think its him! #lonely #old #man
That's just a fact.
Another fact is that #TrumpsYourPresident #SevenYearsToGo #NeverStopCrying #LiberalTears 
Thats right!! #TRUMPS #YOUR #DADDY #KEEP #CRYING #7YEARS #WAAAA #WAAAA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! I love love LOVE making liberals cry!! Juicy Salty #LiberalTears! 
So who did you invite slaves along with the kkk
God Bless you @FLOTUS 
When can the Filipino people (who fought side by side with the Americans, who are serving in the military) be invited to the White House for a celebration too?
My guess would be Asian Pacific Islander heritage month .
Thanks great suggestion!
I guess we have to start promoting it, disseminate the info, plan ...
The US goverment recognizes May as Asian Pacific Islander Month.
Thanks , good to know. Haven't heard that.  But it's a good start .
Omg can’t believe you’re even showing your face-no class, no shame!
I can't believe your showing your face. Jealousy,  and pettiness define you I see.
Thank you so much Melania!
You are proving to be a wonderful and very classy first lady!!
How so? Did she do something I missed!
@Logicrule don't be jealous of Mrs. Trump. She is a very classy first lady, regardless if she posed for playboy. The woman's body was made by God and is beautiful. If you're not secure with your own that's your insecurity showing. Get over yourself. Js
Who said I was jealous? That was not issue.
I'm just stating what I see
Exactly how do you see my jealousy?
You're snide backhanded comments regarding our first lady is a clue as to your jealous or insecurity. Js
Nothing snide. Facts and genuine questions upset you.


With that said, did you invite the women who accused your husband of harassment and the two ladies Porter beat...?
Has nothing to do with her.
Doesn’t have to. As the FLOTUS she could do that and send a strong message against domestic violence against women. Her husband is not doing it
So as a woman in such high office, she should just let it be and not speak out? Got you
Yep. Why should she? Like I said jerks and jackasses would find some fault. She is doing a great job. She is a wonderful first lady and not screwing up kids lunches.
Not questioning who she is but she will forever be tainted because of her husband actions and her administration. And it’s funny you said screw up kids lunches but didn’t Trump propose today Blue Apron style food system pushing healthy food on people like what Michelle did
Tainted to you only. One day you will realize your opinion only matters to you. Not everyone else. Have not heard or seen that yet but will be watching for it. Which hell the Obama's screwed up so much and tried to put america under. Either way this is my thoughts on it.
What a blessing, Our First Lady is, she breaks the mold left from the previous 'one'.
She had to break it...she could never live up to it.
I bet your husband didn't like that at all, being the racist that he is!
Wow! Melania we know you don’t care about African culture. I’m sure one of your aides wrote this tweet. Keep it real First Lady
Please keep on inspiring your fellow immigrants like the ladies + gents in DACA + please stay classy + hermosa DACA DAMA <3 #waytorepresentamerica : our immigrant familys' playground + home , para siempre 8] vamos hermana !!!!!!!!!
You are not only kind and considerate but also beautiful.  Thank you.
There wasn't any coverage of the event on the news. Can you please let me know where I might find some articles regarding this eventful day?

Great celebration! You’re the best!


#44
What African American were invited?
Excellent question. The answer is of course found on the news not twitter
Did you invite the Obama's?
No need to invite the Obamas they have their bugs in place they heard the whole thing..
We Mrs. Trump! Im so very happy that you are our FLOTUS!
You're an awesome first lady. As a Pastor, we pray for you, POTUS and your family always. Thanks so much for the job you're doing.
What job is it that she is doing so well?
Melania isn't running the Whitehouse like Hillary did when Bill was President. She is not into necromancy and witchcraft.
Really?? And, you know that how? That was Nancy Reagan that you are speaking of, not Hillary!
Really? When has your husband celebrated diversity? Please, give examples of his celebration of diversity. The "Wall"? "Fine people" in the Nazi march?  #WhatIsTrumpHiding #TrumpRussia
He gave a homeless African American lady  free room and 3 meals a day for over a yr in one of his hotels. We only learned about it when she spoke up defending him. He gave 1 million dollars each to disaster areas since his presidency including PR. #MAGA
That is a lie.. 
snopes- false
Other Fact checker sites also say thats false. Try to actually look something up before you post!!
The numbers suggest something of a flip-flop for Trump: As of Jan. 19, 2018, the score of confirmed golf outings is Trump 44, Obama 29.. CONFIRMED!!
Love all the beauty and grace you bring to the WH.

She’s entitled to her opinions. Just like you are. Or would you deny her that freedom of thought ?
Just calling out her hypocrisy
And bigotry
Yet she’s entitled to her opinion. Whatever that may be. Thoughts are free.
Sure. But decent people don’t have to support her bigotry and hypocrisy.
Decent people do a lot such as -ask questions , support their spouse, and not judge other people or question their motives
Happy Valentines Day!
#StormyGate
Really??
Thank you Melania!  You are a great role model for our country. Your dedication and kindness is much appreciated!
A "Role Model"  .. I don't think so.
 
@Senategop @housegop #CCOT #Foxnews #maga #evangelicals #ccot #AmericaFirst @gop @freedomcaucus #lastword #TheResistance #BlackTwitter #Millennials #Occupy #metoo #2018Midterms #BlueWave
Your role model must be skanky Miley and Madonna or a woman beater like JayZ

NBA champions the Golden State Warriors will spend next week's trip to D.C. visiting local kids after the team was disinvited from the White House by Trump. http://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/22535866/with-no-trip-white-house-planned-golden-state-warriors-spend-part-dc-trip-local-kids …

Happy Valentine's Day Melania!  What a thoughtful gift!  Shit, I was just gonna get flowers, chocolates and wine.  This 'Trumps' me!
Thank you so much for being a Great Lady
Your husband is a racist.  Start at home.  Then you can talk about Black History Month.
Thank you Mrs Trump for your tireless service to the American people. You are by far the most beautiful and elegant FLOTUS to grace our White House. Americans support our @FLOTUS 100% 
God bless you and your family.
God bless America.
Such a gracious first lady
Happy Valentine's day to our wonderful FLOTUS!  
Thank you ma’am for your class and grace. Your representation of our great country is refreshing. Keep it up.
Black History has to keep repeating itself until we learn!
God Bless you and our President.
Stormy and POTUS back in the news this morning!
Wow you got off the couch and did something
Why won't you come out and say about your husband about all the cheating and on the Republican party all the sex scandals is going on you are for it I guess you're like your husband
#hahaha!
The First Lady We Love !!!
Melanie you are beautiful  inside and out and you are doing a wonderful  job as first lady
What has she done?
Curious how many were African American and how many were white!
You missed the ceremony.
#StormyDaniels


ICE is coming to arrest your parents.
U have proof donald banged stormy daniels. Why else wd cohen try to pay her off. Your going 2 have 2 have boobs enlarged again stormy has some big ones.
Thank you for all you do.  @POTUS and @FLOTUS are kindhearted Amazing people who love this country.  No matter what side you're on, they are working for you. #MAGA
You do know your husband doesn't feel the same way about celebrating our unique and diverse cultures of the ?
MAGA 
FLOTUS 
you should be president , not trump, your partner is insane..
Socialist from the UK judging the President. You live on a small island and you have a fake Queen.
Let's not forget all the White Americans who make America Great each and every day!! Just sayin!!!
@realDonaldTrump's personal lawyer @MichaelCohen212 paid $130k in hush money to porn Stormy Daniels to cover up a Lake Tahoe spanking fest!
Stupid cunt.
Yes you are
You need to get Baron and move out.  You can go back to New York and be free of the Dumph you have to pretend like u want to be with 
https://goo.gl/zU53Y6 

BREAKING: https://nypost.com/2018/02/14/porn-star-claims-shes-free-to-talk-after-trump-lawyer-violates-non-disclosure-deal/ …
And people fare say ur racist!!? Somepeople are just a lost course..
How nice to have a gracious First Lady in the White House again! Classy CAN'T be bought! Thank you, Mrs. Trump!!
Oh hush...
Because no one, including God is listening.
You as a @FLOTUS should address the domestic abuse violence victims subject 
When will enough be enough? Just leave him already.
Did any black people attend?
That was rude.
#ValentinesDay #Flynn #Papadopoulos #TREASON  #TrumpRussiaCollusion #FollowTheMoney #TrumpRussia #Manafort #Gates #Sessions #Kushner #DonaldJr #Page #TrumpObstructed #WorstPresidentEver #Mueller #ImpeachTrump #TrumpDossier #TIMESUP #Resist #TrumpCrimeFamily #MeToo
it's wonderful to  watch  style and  class   that is because of  Love!  You are  a great mom  and  wife !  plus  super smart!  God Bless!
American culture is diverse but cancels other cultures. One thought can not find solutions to global problems
We don't want global problems we have . Our own
Really?  Really?  What is this book called. 50 Shades of White?
I think your a nice person. Your husband is very mean.
Good!
Black History has taken a real downturn since OBarry has been around.
Now you know your husband had an affair with a porn star because his attorney admitted paying for it. Don’t despair, one day you inherit all of that pigs  money .
thank you for Blessing the White House and cleaning it up with GOD : )
As Americans living in a democracy, by now, celebrating diversity should be our life style...now a monthly event!  We are ALL a country of immigrants calling ourselves Americans!!!

And stop spending my taxes on your f@@# spa trips. Please
No one would blame you if you divorced him!
Yet your husband wants to make sure they can’t rent any of his apartments
thanks mama for hosting God blessing
We know u want to support, but it means a lot to support the blacks living in the US! This woman is clueless
“Look at my African American” -donald trump...”Look at my African American” -Melania
Are they from shithole countries?  How’s that working out with your son’s sperm donors support of the KKK and other white supremecists?!  I’ll wait.
Rude
Melania
Stormy is bringing her sisters Thunder& wind
Thanks you so much Melania! you are proving to be a wonderful and very classic first lady!!
With due respect, any black comments will appear as if it's coming from the US! She doesn't have a clue about us or our history Ms Nigeria!
Must everybody have a clue about our history???
YES, if they don't - they need not comment! Just like u boo boo!
My dear ,everybody is entitle to their  opinion..... So you don't have the right to tell me on what to comments,,,
We have a hard time sticking together - don't we? Go on ahead and just do you, while we fight in this country for liberty for all! Wish u well
Wish you well too....keep fighting for they country!!!!
Last I know, it's the Indians country, but U continue to keep loving they asses cause the care about u! Girl bye
SOMOS ! IRMÃOS ! EM QUALQUER PARTE DO MUNDO *! ISTO É SER CRISTAO E FRATERNOS ! FELICIDADES ! A VOCE *!
Use the English language while in this great nation you deplorable!
As always beautiful inside out our First Lady Melania Trump, love and respect!
BLESS THE FIRST LADY FOR HER HUMBLE HEART.

Join us and let's have our voices heard.
با ما همراه شوید تا صدای خود را به گوش جهان برسانیم
كونوا معنا لإيصال صوتنا للعالم أجمع.
#قیام_بهمن #گلستان_هفتم #قيام_تا_پيروزى_ادامه_دارد #IranProtests 
I'm very sorry that America has so many sick haters responding to your tweets.  I pray that God will protect your entire family, make you all strong. I also pray for the haters that God will heal their sicknesses making them well
Did you check birth certificates? As a racist #birther I know that’s a big thing to you. You have no credibility after you questioned @POTUS44 ‘s place of birth. You are the height of hypocrisy. #BlackHistoryMonth
That lovely   hope you all had a lovely time and as you have said more to look forward to
And what exactly does that incompetent "comrade" do for the people of the US?
What incompetent comrade are you talking about? Hillary? Obama?
so stormy did really get the $130,000 dear dear do have a good cry.
Tell your husband to support been meet place in chicago

Except your husband's a #racist 
melinia paper never refused ink before u invited anybody to the white house did u get rid of all the evil spirits and unfortunately that has to include yourself talk to mike pence and ted cruz they will agree with what i have said
Happy Valentines Day!
Sleazebag lawyer for serial sexual predator Trump, Michael Cohen claims he paid porn-star Stormy Daniels $130K from his own pocket — which can only be 'hush money' to keep Stormy quiet about Trump's year-long affair while married to current wife Melania http://bit.ly/2BXT41U 
I Love childreen!I have no Woman with Childreen from me!
Very good
Were any of them black?
VOTING BLUE 2018, 2020. its a trend!
Suggestion: BLACK History Month is a better name than "African-American."  ie. I am a white American, not an "Irish-Croatian" American.
Melania,  Please get the Vaccines cleaned up & stopped till they have found another way to immunize our babies n children! I’m a grandmother n my hands are tied. I’m scared for my grandchildren. This has to stop!!! It’s Cruel!! Parents blindly listen to Drs!
Ha ha trump
Ha ha ha Janet
Camelot has returned to the white house
YOU are a great FLOTUS. Keep it up, ignore the haters!!!
Thank you @FLOTUS
Please call Michelle Obama to help you out. It’s Black History Month
Happy Valentine's Day!
God bless you Melania. You are a remarkable woman and First Lady. You are an inspiration not only to woman but all Americans. Thank you...
History @realDonaldTrump nominated 1 black out of 85 judicial nominees today!!! #racist #NotMyPresident #unfit

Like your racist husband wanted them there
Melania, your husband won't do anything about guns but YOU can! Please,  get involved, help stop this madness! You are in a VERY powerful  position to influence people and spread the word that assault rifles  need to be banned! Please help for Barron's sake!
Thank you @FLOTUS! AMERICA Loves You,
Did you sponsor your parents? Did they take advantage of chain migration?
What does it matter to you?
I am not interested
Yes you are. You took the time to read about it and even comment on it. Typical Democrat ostrich in the sand response.
Melania, you're an excellent Goodwill Ambassador as FLOTUS. I appreciate you as a working mother and as a very kindhearted, loving lady.
Please save yourself and your son.  Leave and take as much money as you can.  Find yourself some happiness with a hot young nice man
Now you know your husband only likes white and rich.
Was Stormy on the guest list or was she invited to "come" later ?  #BlueWave2018 #EndCitizensUnited #Resistance just ask'n
Seriously...... You being judge and jury??? Nothing has been proved just speculation...
Your husband is a RACIST BIGOT.

