Hopefully she didn’t show her the Clinton desk
Or living cigar humidor.
That’s for damn sure
We LOVE YOU MELANIA!!!!
Can’t get past the awkward hand holding display...
Guess you never been in love????  Been married 35 years and we still hold hands.
That’s not love between them.. lol. Feel sorry for you if yours resembles that .
How beautiful you are. It's so nice to have First Lady with elegance and class.
que elegancia
Aplomb, confidence, elegance, grace, eloquence, angelic, beauteous, classy, divine. These are just some of the words that describe you! Killing them softly, I Love it!
Hun, the HAT comes off in-doors...
That's for men.
Was it stripper art? Do you strip in that hat?
She's just Bridgette. 
Oh, I love you My first lady.
Terrible hat. Even worse FLOTUS!
I got tons of dirt bag friends and lots of coke and bourbon. My life is pretty good.
If looks can kill....
porn star payoff... waiting to hear what you have to say about @realDonaldTrump purchasing sex all of the time... is he not getting it at home?
Get over yourself.  You lost


What are you doing wearing that ridiculous hat?
Yeah Ryan - what's your DEAL? Can't a woman combine fashion and marital defense?
Look at that hat. Is that from @IvankaTrump fashion line and made in China? Every woman should have one of those. Well, if you hate your mom, you might want to buy her that hat for Mother's Day.
Hush you Nobody.
Bravo!  You are an inspiration. Stay strong, your elegance and grace are an inspiration.
Stunningly gorgeous...graceful...intelligent and beautiful First Lady
Lovely!!’
@FLOTUS & @POTUS Thank you both for what you have done for this country and the citizens of the United States of America. You both always look like a billion dollars. I wish we could meet you, and tell you about the Pensacola VA here and the Gulf War Illness. Semper Fidelis!
Wow. Beautiful dress and hat
Yo FLOTUS Melania, who wrote that for you? Also, why didn’t you want to hold the hand of your boss?
Why you sound bitter.   Why are you on their Twitter page if you don't like Them. I wouldn't spend time on someone I didn't Like that's for sure.
LOL
Your husband has unprotected sex with strangers.  Get tested.
Her hat is to block your shade.

You handle your role with such grace....thank you. You make women proud. STAY the course!!

Just when you thought Melania Trump couldn't get any more stunning.. She shines with beauty and grace.
Such a beautiful representation of our country.
You looked stunning in the white suit and Chanel gown at the State Dinner for France. You are the epitome of style and class! Thank you for representing our country so well with your beauty, grace and, most of all, with your heart.  
Meanwhile ....

It's so awesome to have Melania Trump as @FLOTUS . She's amazing.
You are a woman who has no influence in your life and your experience fails with Trump. I hope you understand that
Thank you for being such a gracious, graceful, and beautiful First Lady who loves America.  We love you Melania!
Happy Birthday First Lady, Melania!

Melania, u ROCK!!!

Lipstick on a pig. An old expression meaning you can put as many designer outfits as you wish on a professional escort, the result is still skanky. How much does he pay you to hold his hand?
Thank you Mrs. President.
2 beautiful First Ladies.
What a wonderful tour for you and Mrs. Macron. You both look lovely (your hat is awesome!).
Dear First Lady you looked stunning on today. I ask one favor for the next  seven years, PLEASE HOLD MY PRESIDENT'S HAND. ALL LADIES ARE WATCHING
Love your Hat!
As graceful as ever.  Mrs. Macron appreciated the viewing of priceless works of art, happy that she was with an intelligent, classy and beautiful @FLOTUS.  We are all thrilled that we are now being represented with dignity.  It has been a long time since we have had such a woman!
Wrong. Michelle Obama. Not that Melania isn’t all those things, but do NOT discount @MichelleObama
Keep shining. Let your love keep growing & don't let the stupid mouthpieces 4 the DNC get to you. You are elegant, graceful, and GORGEOUS. They're just green with envy. My husband, my mother & myself are praying 4 you and the POTUS to grow together in love and unity & 4 ur family
Melania, you're such a beautiful, graceful woman. So happy that you're the First Lady of the USA . Your values for our country are highly reflected in your style. I will always celebrate the days that you and your husband represent America, wonderful people, thank you! 
love our @FLOTUS 
You love her because she doesn’t want to grab the hands of her husband  maybe because he’s tiny hands or maybe because those hands have been in water sport from stormy Daniels 

Liberals are such angry people. They think their insults sting. I waiver between feeling sorry for them and laughing hysterically AT them. The struggle is real 
You’re the most beautiful First Lady and the classiest @realDonaldTrump
What class????? Delusional
Melania has more class in a fart then you do when your whole body
What a disgusting comment.   I think Melania would like you to stop defending her.  You're doing far more harm than good.
You don’t speak for the first lady so shut up. I’ll say whatever I want.
I love it when Hillary‘s little minions get so pissed off because they can’t handle somebody else getting a compliment and somebody else not agreeing with them.
The pot calling the kettle black... are we?
I loved the Hat! Such grace and class! @POTUS We finally have a Gorgeous 1st Lady after a decade! No comparisons with #Beyonce, FLOTUS Style all her own! #FLOTUS 
#Trump #style #BeautifulWomen #MAGA
Beauty is a gift from God...not an accomplishment. Why does no one Ever mention her first lady accomplishments?
I feel sorry for you. I understand why you don’t want to hold your husband’s hand 
Why are you wearing a hat indoors
Happy Birthday
Live our @FLOTUS 
Twitter changes text on me :( "Love"
First Lady glamorous Melania’s Birthday!
MELANIA TRUMP . A los ojos de muchos. Quedó,  como que 
Quisiste , hacer quedar mal a la 1 era. Dama francesa.
You are such a beautiful lady inside and out. I am so happy you are our First Lady. You are by far the most beautiful. More than even Jackie Kenney. I love you. I feel so sorry for you but I really am proud that you are in the White House. God bless you. You are in my prayers are
bot
In my life, you are the best FLOTUS

I don't like what u did to @BarackObama with the birther thing. But i think u did it because ur bigoted husband told u to do it. 

I'm pleased to see you followed President Obama, but i think u owe him a BIGLY apology too.

U married Trump for his money, but its not worth it girl
I don’t feel sorry for her. She knew what she was doing and knew what kind of man he was. If @flotus had any respect she would divorce his ass,  as he is an unfit father and leave! She is putting money over her son. And yes she owes Pres Obama multiple apologies
Can't argue. good points.
Comment quelqu'un peut prétendre l'art dans touts c'est dimensions alors que elle n'est pas d'amoure à la base.
Last time you talked with Melania - Yet you KNOW her.
Oui et l'homme qu'elle aime cet ne sont pas des Enfants de coeur.
This is your first visit to the gallery? How long have you lived in DC, again? Maybe fewer trips to your golf courses and more learning the history of your adopted nation.
Puhleese... No sane woman would be jealous of Melania Trump.
Excuse me, could you please write that in a complete sentence? And note, I did say “could”. Thanks.

Ann: Wendy is a conspiracy theorist who is obsessed with Clinton & Obama. Her feed is all sorts of Crazyville.
My favorite FLOTUS! 
You don't get out much, do you?
Dumb woman, trying hard to change your image. Your IQ remains very low. You using the American's tax payers money to live shrouded in the cloak of wealth and privilege. #Canada
@EmmanuelMacron @Brigitte1eDame @WhiteHouse
President and Mrs. Trump are the fist to give a State Dinner, who actually knew what they were doing and didn’t appear over-their-head in an elegant setting.  America is proud of our great President, and his magnificent wife, awesome.
Are you effing crazy?  Do you just make things up to fit your distorted conception of reality?  The Obamas, well educated, literate, and cultured, unlike the Trump's, had elegant dinners, not over-the-top, ostentatious, Las Vegas-themed decor.
And you’re just the picture of class, elegance, and, education. #lol #lol #lol tell us another joke libtard.
A THINK THE FIRST LADY SHOULD TAKE HER YOUNG SON AN GET THE HELL AWAY FROM TRUMP..BEFORE HE MESSES UP HIS YOUNG SONS LIFE AN YOURS MELANIA YOU COULD DO SO MUCH BETTER.MONEYS MONEY BUT HAPINESS FOR YOUR BOY AN YOU IS PRICELESS RUN FOR THE HILLS MELANIA DEE FROM SCOTLAND
Isaiah 54:17
No #weapon formed against you shall prosper, And every #tongue which rises against you in #judgment You shall #condemn. This is the #heritage of the #servants of the #Lord, And their #righteousness is from Me,” Says the #Lord.
#GOD is with us #JesusLoves  #OneNationUnderGOD
Proverbs 21:1
The #king’s #heart is in the #hand of the #Lord, Like the #rivers of #water; He #turns it wherever He wishes.
Mrs Trump was a model, so whatever dress she wears, she will always look good! She the body of a model still even though she is already a mother.

Haha what thé fucking
Blink twice if we should send help. 

Why such hate?
Her inability and unwillingness to use her luck given position to help not just people but women all over the world.
She is a shame to everyone who has a uterus, reads,votes, breathes.
Period.
You look beautiful! I love your grace and style!
You say who should love who????  They look happy and have a beautiful child - keep your nose out of other folks love life - NOT YOUR BUSINESS
How is life in Stepford?
@EmmanuelMacron @Brigitte1eDame @JustinTrudeau #Canada 
@MichelleObama IQ score 120 & in top 14% of the population in the world. She is a lawyer, writer worked as the Associate Dean of Student Services at University of Chicago, Vice President for Community-External Affairs.
Who are these weirdos trolling FLOTUS? Family members are not fair game for cruelty
You’re right..it’s a shame we’re caught doing this in our country
Our First Lady is so poised and beautiful !  Thank you for being our WONDERFUL FIRST LADY!!!
Melania, you looked elegant today. America loves you!!!!!
@FLOTUS you are a classic beauty!!!
#alfieevans
Girl go get your PIPE. YOUR A FIRST LADY for fame. You don't EVEN UNDERSTAND YOU . YOUVE PLACE BARRON IN A FUCKED POSITION AFTER the both of you pass..YOU REALLY THINK people are even going to like HIM after TRUMP. YOUR A SAD MOTHER. We saw @realDonaldTrump force hand HOLDING.
@FLOTUS looks stunningly regal
Happy Birthday to our Gracious @FLOTUS  wishing you a magnificent B-day and Thank you for being such an exemplary role model for all our  girls & young women Best wishes and May all your Dreams come True! God Bless You Today & Always 
Exemplary role model.  Wow.   You are delusional.
Glad you liked the extraordinary art, but why the stupid big hat?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR GRACIOUS FIRST LADY....
First Lady looks stunningly beautiful!
Will you be heading to the area that displays your naked pictures next?
Visit Kenya we have a mazing wildlife, beautiful and fantastic, trump is too old. Melania your beautiful.
Ahah
First Lady, the hat is awesome! #MAGA
Great outfit - very classic - perfect
My God.  So Beautiful. 

Today we learn we learned and we grow and we grow
So classy and absolutely gorgeous!!
Happy Birthday Day-
#MeToo
Trump trying to hold Melania’s hand reminds me of Pepé le Pew chasing a bewildered Le Cat. 
@FLOTUS please do something! Baby Alfie is breathing on his own and now they are starving him to death! 
Vous parlez vraiment francais,Melania?
@FLOTUS we love you & you always look AMAZING! You are BEAUTIFUL, classy & intelligent! Such an amazing role model 4 women! Keep fighting the good fight 4 all those that appreciate YOU!  Thank You 4 standing STRONG beside our #POTUS We ALL love our 1st Family! #Trump2020
You look stunning!
#hatersgonnahate#jealous#riseabove
#FlawlessFlotus 
#StateDinner 
#GodBlessYou

When your wife doesn’t want to hold your hand... PRICELESS. 
Why would you put this on Flotus' page except to be cruel? You wouldn't.
Do you actually say that to other people? I mean sincerely you think other people care what “you” think about Who they married?
It must have been incredibly interesting!! And for you, @FLOTUS - whom we call "Muse" at times - it is like this amazing journey that you take us all on wherever you go, for you SHARE all things with us. Thank you from the depths of our hearts! 
Awe.... You got to do woman stuff with another woman. You're so lucky they let you out. Wouldn't want you talking about any of that man stuff. It's so far beyond your ability and understanding. I just don't know how you'd get by without someone to do all that difficult thinking.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MELANIA 

America Loves You 
Happy Birthday to our Stunning First Lady. God Bless you and your family..
Lady Melania, I truly adore your hair straight like you did during your latest appearances for it makes you outstanding.  The other hair fashion is a bit common for many people wear it.
#AlfieEvans
Love your hat
@FLOTUS your putting everyone to shame , love it 
“ Putting everyone to shame”, more like we’re all ashamed to have this travesty of a family represent us.
More class in her pretty little finger than that Jay-Z twerking wookie had in her whole body.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FLOTUS  
Our beautiful #FLOTUS represents our country with such class and elegance.  Happy Birthday Mrs. Trump.
You are an exceptional woman. Thank you for #MAGA
Beautiful and FLOTUS is Stunning!!
I am sure the great beautiful paintings paled in comparison to FIRST LADY!!!!
I wouldn’t want to hold Donald’s hand either.
Happy birthday
Happy Birthday 
Beautiful just Beautiful
You are a lovely and gracious First Lady and just stunning in that suit and hat!
First Lady is so beautiful
Happy Birthday FLOTUS. I just wish your husband didn't admit to Cohen representing him during the porn star deal on your birthday. Dedicated husbands don't do that.
Did you speak French with Madame Macron?
They can't hold a candle to beautiful Flotus Melanie
You looked stunning today!
Our first lady is picture perfect.
Please ask @realDonaldTrump to restore funding to the National Endowment for the Arts. A great nation needs great art!
 yeah ok because she cares about America
Absolutely stunning! So elegant our @FLOTUS 
good to see "class" on the interent
Sorry, the hat looks stupid
Such grace... so proud of Mrs.Trump for dignified State 
Dinner. A candle of light....to the entire world!
Thank you  Making America Great! #MAGA2018
You're doing a stellar job as First Lady. Perhaps our best ever!
Gorgeous outfit on a beautiful woman.
Such class, poise and professionalism. 
God Bless you. 
And she’s dressed!!!
Thank you for making us proud, Melania!

#FLOTUS 
#MelaniaTrump 
Our First Lady is class & beauty. The most amazing #FLOTUS ever to represent our country. Those that…
Happy birthday to someone I'm honored to share the same birthday with!  Happy birthday @FLOTUS! #HappyBirthdayFlotus #BREAKING #MAGA #GodBlessYou #FLOTUS #Respect #GodBlessAmerica #HonoredtoSharebirthdays #EnjoyYourDay
So nice to see the MSM giving our lovely first lady the respect she deserves
You can remove the hat, Melanie!
Nice melania
Stunning! Love the hat! 
Melania, you define class, beauty and above all grace  Thank you for representing our country as First Lady  #ProudAmerican
It is sooo Obvious that you cant stand your husband #Trump #Potus  WHY dont you just divorce him while in office, the country would love you & stand up for you !! It cant be anymore obvious how you cant stand him !!
melanis you look beutiful and very sweet keep smiling
Melania, you looked so beautiful today!
She is too good for that old man.
Elegance
What a classy FLOTUS!!!!
Lol!
YOU did an amazing classy job with hosting the first State dinner and you looked Marvelous. Happy Birthday today Melania. Proud to have you as 1st Lady.
Happy birthday  from Scotland hope you have a wonderful day
#Plagerist #Liar #Illegal #Golddigger Let’s not forget @MELANIATRUMP plagerized Michelle Obama’s speech, Lied about it, was in USA on a questionable visa and married one of the most #Deplorable humans ever, Why? $$. No role “Model”!
So you toured a gallery today when you should of been hosting the military spouses not @IvankaTrump
Happy Birthday beautiful First Lady.
I bet your feet hurt after standing in those spike heels all day long.......... do you normally walk on your tippy toes?
Amazing lady  beautiful
Loved the hat. You wear it well.
Mrs. @FLOTUS , I am French, and I appreciate how you welcomed Mrs. and Mr. Macron. You are so much like Mrs Kennedy : educated & open-minded, respectful of other countries and their cultures. People say you look sad and never smile, but I take it as high-class and modesty.
Absolutely stunning. Love the hat. Don't change a thing.
Can we talk about that white ensemble though....
Yes 4evagagirl, I am sure you would like tell our ultra- fashionable First Lady how beautiful she looked in the white suit and hat.
Loved you outfit also
You looked Stunning First Lady 
Happy Birthday Mrs. Trump 
Please react for #AlfieEvans #saveAlfieEvans
Yes music and art cross ll barriers. So great you can speak French too.
Mrs. Macron looked beautiful on Tuesday night too... You & Mrs Macron looked like you were really enjoying each others company ...God Bless both families...
Just beautiful!
we got the most beautiful,elegant,classy and sofisticated First Lady in the world. Proud of you and what you do.
Hello. Heard a rumor your birthday is coming up. Happy Birthday. Thank you.
Thank you for your service and being an exquisite First Lady. I am proud to have you representing us!
Beautiful presentation elegant and dignified ....classy
Free Melania
Oh please he's not in style and Shame on you that's not your house since the Russians helped trump get elected your in the WHouse illegally melania & trump will never belong in that class a scammer and a high paid escort who is in class w that porn star & playboy bunnies
