Sadly I don’t think everyone can agree. I can’t tell you how many hurtful comments have been spewed the past few weeks during the #redfored movement in AZ. So many think what we are doing is for us and not for them. Our Gov doesn’t appreciate teachers or education in AZ.
I have total respect for teachers.  The administrator in my are makes 425K.  This seems absurd to me.  Maybe the money being allocated isn't being spent well?
You do know the teacher of the year you gave the award to teaches immigrants and refugees right?
I am sure you have a point to make but can't for the life of me figure out what it would be.
Everyone?  I think @BetsyDeVosED would disagree.  At least in regards to public school teachers.
Instead of sending out meaningless tweets, how about encouraging this administration to do something to actually support teachers? This administration has been the absolute worst for education, teachers, and of course by proxy children in modern history.
Maybe if the Left would allow the President to do his job...instead of obstructing everything he tries to do, he would have the time to address this. Making things better for schools & teachers were campaign promises. He’s only been in office a short time. GIVE HIM A CHANCE!!

Rudy Giuliani just said that Trump reimbursed Michael Cohen for the $130,000 paid to Stormy Daniels. 

What's that??  You mean the porn star was honest and the President of…
Thank You So Much For Being Our First Lady!
I’m Embarrassed By Other People Nasty & Bullying!
But Remember So Many Of Us Are With You.
Always By Your Side. Millions.
You are fulfilling a very challenging role very well. I give you a lot of credit.
Thank you
You’re a wonderful woman and FLOTUS Melanie Trump!
We are all with you and thank you for bringing class back to the White House 

Where are your papers? We are still waiting.
@grace_mariano2 @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS Thanks Mrs.Melania Trump  for those sweet and kind words 
@grace_mariano2 I still remember and love my first Teachers

nice talking
FLOTUS. you are lovely, gracious and incredibly resilient.  I really respect your strength and restraint while the left fires some pretty hateful things your way. 

Jealous much? Too bad you can't find a beautiful woman like her,  poor little snowflake.
His insides are cold as stone n his outside isn't ANY BETTER, he needs a lot of help!
So get rid of DeVos.... Horrible for education as well as your husband's adminstration....
Public schools need help
PLEASE PRAY GOD WILL MAKE HER ALL BETTER!!
#Red4Ed

reported
You do a great job, too, as FLOTUS!!!
Melania even though the title is silly in concept (because a narcacist came up with it) I believe you deserve the title of Forver First Lady.
@mpbinger she's welcome
oh and since we cant have our commandments in front of the court house and god in schools we want the rainbow the lbgt community uses band its biblical come on cant have it one way and then the arc of baal is offensive its in new york can we get that demolished please thank you
Congratulations #TeacheroftheYear....
I want to thank YOU for the beauty & grace YOU bring to the White House. Supporting your husband is #1, & so extremely important. I love what you are doing w/children as well. We love you BOTH so much!!  You are a great team!!!  

Mueller is a great teacher!
The sentiment is fine, but as actions speak louder than words, I'm listening for pay raises and meaningful teacher support.
I definitely agree.  I admire you for all you do for others.  God bless you and your family.  Thank you.
God bless you @FLOTUS My wife and I are really thankful for you. You are the best First Lady in American history. 
#MAGA2020
You guys are so adorable you get a follow
Thank you so much #MAGA
I wish we could all agree on that, but YOUR party, the GOP is doing everything it can to demean the value of teachers and their worth in society by directly trying to gut their salaries, benefits, security and unions.
How are they hurting your salaries? In many states teachers are well paid for less than 9 months of work. They are off 2 1/2 months in the summer, 2 weeks at Christmas, almost 2 weeks at Easter. I would say they are compensated well with great health insurance as well.
This tweet seems empty.  The voice is weak and is not heard.  She is not respected by those closest to her.   The abuse is manifest.
How about expressing support for the teachers in Arizona?
Cant play favorites with the states. The statement itself is quite broad
I will bet you Lie as much as your beloved ASSHOLE. All of y'all can leave my White House.
Teachers can have a great impact on the lives of children. Good teachers deserve to be rewarded.
Then pay them a decent wage!!!!!!!
Communities should pay teachers more, I agree, but not by federal laws or actions
Teacher pay is a state issue not federal...
Then why is our secretary of education so agenda driven?
Good point, that position could be eliminated
I am a teacher , thank you !! Your administration really should focus on pay increase for teachers . I have two masters degrees and need to work another job to provide for my family . I trust in you and your husband @realDonaldTrump will Give teachers the compensation we deserve.
Lol, wake up!
Which is why your husband would rather give them guns than supplies, and why he brought on a sad caricature like Betsy DeVos. If that’s how you treat a group of people you purportedly value, I’d hate to see how you treat those you consider dispensable.
Go blank youtself!! More armed civilians the better!
Thank you for saying that. Please do something to remove DeVos. She is truly the shits.
Disagree. We need total revamping of Public Schools.
all your willfully ignorant comments prove you dont truly know anything about public shcools youre just a trunp troll. ive proven every one of your comments wrong already.
I think that children should learn survival skills, in case something should happen in America that they would need to practice survival skills. Also I read about children getting lost and the elements getting the best of them. I think it should be taught
but would be a waste of money for 99% of children... just send your kid to the scouts
Thank you for all your efforts to stop cyber bullying. Pocahontas and Sleepy Eyes thank you.
that young girl with Lewis and Clark was used as payment to pass
Why don’t you push to give teachers a raise? This would be a great legacy as First Lady.
Way better than nonsense cyber bullying
My daughter teaches Middle School Language Arts, her husband teaches Middle School mathematics & History & he just completed his Doctorate degree at UGA.  
Who cares?
I was responding to @FLOTUS post about teachers and YES I am proud of my family.  They actually contribute to society unlike rude, obnoxious,vulgar Democrats like you! I've seen your post, you seem to thrive on attacking Conservatives.
I guarantee I pay more taxes than you do. 

Btw, 45 supporters aren't conservatives; you're traitors. Praise be, or whatever you bible thumping fake Christians say these days.
Sad that you are such a mean person. Stop reading my posts if you don't like them and yes, I am proud to be Conservative, Christian and a Trump supporter. You're more like a Communist, Atheist, lost soul.  We have nothing at all in common.
You can't be a Christian and a trump supporter. The two ideals are diametrically opposed. 

Jesus didn't call people names #fakechristian
Yes I am a Christian AND support Trump who incidentally won the election by Divine intervention.  Atheist are so angry....lol' the devil will lose' I know how the story ends.  Sucks for you.  Btw' why brag about paying more taxes?
meanwhile your husband repealed the tax credit for teachers to buy supplies...  teachers do not accept your thanks!
Teaching starts in the home. We need obedience from the start. Re-education is required. We need to reconstruct the school system.
Finally. Education system broken and has nothing to do with teachers. Goes much deeper, but I’m optimistic it can be fixed.
If all the teachers walk out... what can they do? We have take back the power!
A lot of teaching can now be efficiently accomplished with computers. We still need teachers, but in a different role, perhaps.
That’s funny, computers will never take the place of human compassion, morals and the personal touch of teachers
Of course. I said a different role. Most teachers I know are highly educated and could develop personalized strategies for children and let tech execute on their plan. It’s one idea because there’s nothing wrong with new ideas.
Just pay them!
Wages and money for schools come from school bonds...not the Federal Government.  Get behind bonds or consider a Union. The government doesn’t set wages. Start a grass movement in your community. Stop looking for a free lunch.
...how is this a free lunch? just spiting out a republican talkng point?  there's already a teacher's union. the fed can indeed force all the states to raise wages for teachers. and everyone complaining is how movements start. strange how devotes you are to fighting them...
Leave it to her to find the silver lining...
Lord, bless our First Lady !!!
I consider teachers walking out on school as a calculated BAD EXAMPLE to the youth being instigated to take on the #2A !!!
...though I AGREE the education of youth should be of highest priority !!!
you haven't a clue...
What about @Gregorypittman1957?#MAGA
No TAX RETURNS,  InvestigationS, 19+ indictment/guilty, Slash  Medicare Medical SS, 345+ mass shootings 2017, 21+ sexual assault allegations, 
-MAGA for $1.50 a week for the NEXT 3 years:
Grabbing P**SY
https://youtu.be/NcZcTnykYbw 
Mocking Dying man
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1927846283913519/ …

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP @GOPLeader @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan 
WHAT is going on with your husband??? At least 30 lbs.  overweight AND the color of jaundice is not in this year (in case no one told him and quite clearly no one did.) WHAT A MESS-GET HIM OUT!!! IMPEACH 2018!!!
Have you seen the project veritas video released today? Teachers good... unions bad.
 @JamesOKeefeIII @Project_Veritas
Nice tweet. If you really believe this then pull the reigns on Betsy Devos. She is destroying education in this country.
Thank you for all you do to bring grace and civility to our great country. May God bless you.




A thanks just isn't good enough anymore! How about we give em all a grand ol raise! Hurray!!
The President and your Husband are doing a good Job a very good service to the Nation. It is more important to Stoke down all the gains from the godless communist Demons Stalin sent to us decades ago. Great roots they gave take up. These people MUST BE UP ROOTED as they have us
The President and your Husband are doing a good Job a very good service to the Nation. It is more important to strike down all the gains from the godless communist Demons anti-Christ Stalin sent to us decades ago. Great roots they have take up. These people MUST BE UP ROOTED
Please take over the president’s twitter account..
Thank you 
Your husband has fucked over more teachers with his appointment of Betsy DeVos than any person ever in US history. Go do something about it.
What is wrong with her? The schools were not much better before her
You say that because you are not the mother of a disable child.
Jeder ist für sein Leben selbst verantwortlich!Lg Herzliprinz Marco
Teachers Across America should be paid more money!
Also would like the states of our union to value these educators and increase their wages, as well as giving the schools all the most current tools for the teachers/students. “Special Needs” students  also deserve exceptional education programs!

Why has the government hire people who have NO EDUCATIONAL back ground running the system? Then pay the teachers what they are worth, for they help create many of these professions you chosen to become.
As Barbara Bush said: the home is the first school, the parents are the first teacher. And parents need to remember that and embrace that. Like you do/ have. Thank you for all you do!
Parents are busy working just to survive. Hard to teach your kids when your cant be with them
Thank you BFLOTUS. The B is for beautiful of course.
I agree but believe that their pay should be tied to the ability of our children’s to learn!
I agree with that too. We have too many idiot kids that can’t read or write. Pay should be directly based on results.
Maybe somebody should have taught you to keep your clothes on. #FirstNakedFirstLady

Class is back in the White House. God bless you Melania Trump!! MAGA
Perhaps you could convince your husband @realDonaldTrump that @BetsyDeVos is destroying the educational system in the US?
Thanks Dear First Lady Melania concerns children.
Thank you Flotus! But to the rest of you fools. Teacher wages are set by your state and school district. I'd say if you can't afford to provide for your families either find a place you can or learn to live on less. Watch your own dollar. Yes, teachers need a raise. Not my point.
but the federal tax credit for teachers was repealed by trunp. no its not their salary, but this administration cares little for teachers.
Yea, they indoctrinate our youth...soooo important, to the deep state.
How about supporting their wish to live.
The best teacher of all are the  wise words in the bible, the other is a loving parent who is willing to forgo wealth to care for their own children. Moms who are willing to work part time so they can nuture their children rock !

Love your thoughtfulness of our teachers ...they are true inspiration for our children bringing in the next generation.
I’m second guessing that.  Many are trying to brainwash our children.
Franchise VILLA/RESORT with : 1. IMPLEMENT SUSTAINABLE ENERGY & EDUCATION Tourism 2. FRUIT-FLOWER GARDEN Tourism 3. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR FOR FISHING & OTHERS Tourism.  BEP 6 YEARS ONLY as Property. @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS
Keep up the GREAT WORK Melania!
boo boo boo boring!
You should file for DIVORCE. NOW.
You are wonderful,

Please use this teaching moment... go watch the show on spreading hate on CNN.
Honey.  Really?
Melania, Thank you.
Most stunningly beautiful 1st Lady ever.r.r
Didn’t vote for the Donald but would def have voted for you!
Very nice.
Thank you Melanie but our teachers need to do more to overcome their racism. Few black Americans graduate from our colleges. Teachers need to be more proactive to help them end the cycle of poverty.
Now how bout you start paying them what they’re worth 
Depends on the teacher! Many suck! Just ask @Project_Veritas !
Teachers could do a better job if they weren't forced to teach common core and political correctness and political bias was taken out of schools along with other radical stuff that should not be in school in the first place!
Why does your husband cheat on you all the time ???
We  For the 1st Family Always !! We are so Blessed to have such an Amazing 1st Lady ,one that pours her heart & soul into everything she does with such skill, class & compassion !! America Loves You  The People's 1st Lady Melanie Trump !! WV. Trumper
Thank you for your kind words!
An increase and updated supplies should come with that thank u
I do not thank the communist teachers and wish them ill.
I feel so bad for you, you’d be in your right to leave Donald
This is none of your business! Would you have the nerve to say this to your neighbor?  I seriously doubt it!

I’m sure Melania knows the REAL situation far better than YOU do. 

You are a meddling hateful person that has no true regard for another persons feelings. Shame on you!
U grate mem
Education is the most powerful tool  to Strengthen and Improvise Quality of Human life.
Now......if we could just find some teachers who Teach, instead of indictrinate, we'd be in to something!
Maybe your husband should give the teachers another $130K. No?
Are you pleased to think that your son, if learning by example, will grow up to be just as big a P.O.S. as his father & older brothers?  SO SAD  All #TrumpParasites are trash, but the only one who still has a chance to be normal is Barron. I so pity Barron. His life must be hell


A startling admission by Rudy Giuliani leaves President Trump facing new legal questions about whether he knew about an attempt to silence Stormy Daniels. The president's new lawyer says Trump repaid the $130K…
Keep up the great work!
sorry your 45 is a cheater.  Be tye first lady to leave him with dignity
Melania, I hope you’re holding up well, especially after Loony Rudy’s interview tonight.
Thank you, Melanie, for all you do.
Dam progressive text!! Melania!
It's "damn". And progressives don't type for you!
So excited that mr president is giving education back to the state 
We must replace the the who use their privileged platform to indoctrinate our children into liberalism.

So it turns out that Trump paid Cohen $460,000, or which just $130,000 went to Stormy Daniels.

Wouldn't it be hilarious, if Cohen was skimming and Trump just figured…
Pay them so they don't have to get second jobs.
eye 4 n eye. Meet me in the lobby of your hotel in NY This Sat night. Bring lube and $130k. I’ll bring my A game and the hush hush.
Labor of love
Looking forward to your policy statement. It’s taken a while but you must live under constant stress
Teachers are getting screwed.

In other news, your husband has been paying to keep porn stars quiet about the unprotected sex he's had with them. Google "sexually transmitted deseases". Quickly!
Maiming and murder of Americans via vaccines is newsworthy! Please stop big pharma! End this madness! Baby Alfie London!

Ha. Rudy blowing up the main Stormy talking point. Says Trump repaid Cohen for the hush money and new that Cohen took care of things like this
poor child. You are so blind.
Riju bhai u have become slow motion....
Thank you Flotus for bringing attention to a valuable asset in the U.S.---Teachers. 
How’s your cyber-bullying prevention campaign going? Your husband bullies people online literally everyday. You know that, right?
Seriously Melania, just pack your bags, take Baron and go back to NYC. Just be happy. No money is worth this. My husband left when my kids were 1 and 3. I’m happy, I don’t have a lot of “stuff,” but I have great kids. Do you want Baron growing up to emulate him?
They’re walking off their jobs because they’re paid nothing. Wake up.
Dear Jesus, please protect this amazing women whom we all respect and love ...
You are a good person, as is Michelle Obama and Laura Bush and Hillary Clinton and Barbara Bush and other wives of Presidents. Keep speaking up for what you believe.
Just teach our children and keep from trying to change ithen nto liberals.  Otherwise, all will fine with me.
Donald will have several more stormy agreements coming soon, you'll be the laughing stock of washington, divorce his ayse, take the money and run ... think of all of those times he was getting his roks off, while you were getting ''de-stretched''
Your piece of shit husband has fucked more hookers than there are politician's in Washington DC. He has unprotected sex with HOOKERS!! How does that make you feel?
#TrumpLovesHookers
Now how about a pay raise for the teachers that have such an important role for our future generations?
Thank you.
Like you really care lol   how's it feel to be embarrassed by your husband cheating on you and you just stay with him while he makes a fool of you...  now that he's admitted stormy Daniel's hookup, are you staying for more humiliation ?
yet you support Devos - what a hypocrite!
I want to meet you 1st Lady
Trump just said that the money he paid Michael Cohen was for a monthly retainer, meaning he's claiming that it wasn't to pay Stephanie Clifford's (Stormy Daniels) hush money payment.  Not only does this contradict Rudy Giuliani, but it means he just dug the hole deeper!
Nice
Betsy De Vos FFS.
As a retired teacher, Thank you for your love and leadership of children.. as well as advocating for children’s protection! You are dearly loved and respected!
meanwhile her husband repealed the tax credit for teachers to buy supplies. their goal to disrtact you with this fluff totally worked.
Teachers should get paid more, Trump 2020
I heard your husband repaid Michael Cohen the $130,000. No new shoes for you—
Thank you for recognizing teachers. I love children and I love teaching. Its truly the most rewarding job!!
What a mean and hateful thing to say. Melania doesn’t deserve your comment. 

Your nothing but a bully!
We love you and we respect you and your family
Real teachers are GREAT, Fake teachers should be fired........
@realDonaldTrump is good at firing bad actors!
Melania, rather than teaching it is called conditioning. School systems dumb down people. Making them nothing more than malnurished, scared, confused sheep. And you are proud if that?!
Wow! Thanks very much
You truly are an amazing :) . The grace you have within you  Is very special and unique. Don’t change for no one!
Tell that to Clark County School District board members who are seeking refuge in court against agreed upon binding arbitration
Part 5.Teachers are important and needed but, every other persons job is just as important for one reason or another and they don't get or expect rewards for doing their job. The reward should be seeing and knowing your doing a great job and having an effect on someone in someway
@FLOTUS, Trump promised to END COMMONUNIST CORE. I'm still waiting to see that happen. 
cc @BetsyDeVosED @POTUS @GOPLeader 
STOP the #Indoctrination
you never read the common core standards have you?
Who wrote this for you?
That was a mean and uncalled for remark, YOU ARE A BULLY.
A bully and as an adult, would also qualify as a JERK!
TEACHERS THAT ARE PROTESTING DURING SCHOOL TIME WHEN KIDS ARE SUFFERING IN THEIR EDUCATION, THAT I AM AGAINST. TEACHERS NEED TO PROTEST ON THEIR TIME NOT ON THE KIDS. TEACHERS HAVE SUMMERS OFF WHY CAN'T THEY PROTEST THEN.? NOT FARE TO THE PARENTS OR THE STUDENTS, #SAD
Teachers are the Real Humanity Builders , Congratulations  God Bless #111
Nice,so what do you think of your husband paying $130000 for a P***sy?
Just sucks your husband doesn’t
Time to leave.
Congrats sincerely but the funding issue is still a very grave concern... I pray this is truly and properly addressed 
Hate to tell you this First Lady, but teachers are treated like crap in Prince George’s County MD. Half our teachers have been placed on administrative leave at our school the last two years and had their lives crushed. Wish someone could help us.
Thank you Melania for your desire as well as our Presidents,  to help the teachers and their needs in the classroom. They are witness to just what is lacking and what is not working. Our schools have turned into a socially engineered environment. Meaningful dialogue needed.
GO AWAY
@FLOTUS we love what you're trying to do and sympathize because what you have to deal with.

More and more parents are preferring home schooling! Teachers being trained to use guns in case of a shooting is outrageous and lopsided logic!  Go back to Slovenia and take your not so charming husband with you!
Your words are hollow! Wonder if you really understand this tweet!
Then reverse the tax scam, raise their salaries, raise their degree requirements, stock the schools, reduce the class size, rebuild old schools, build new schools, and stop giving America this phony lip service.  Frickin gold digger, even at the expense of your child.
Everyone can agree school  children shouldn’t have to worry about being shot in class. Time for responsible gun control not pandering to the NRA
Thank you First Lady Melania from a 33 year veteran teacher who loves her job!
Bien dicho Primera Dama, los maestros son muy valiosos, pero los chicos salen formados desde sus hogares también, Saludos  
#fuckinghypocrite
Let’s arm all teachers and students - locked and loaded!!! Guns for every man woman and child. In every school. Nursery schools too. Carry them, show them, load them. Exercise your 2nd Amendment rights!!! Comply with all laws!!!!
Dovresti studiare per essere alla mia altezza, io mi occupo di cose importanti, il passato è passato. Fai memoria. Ora gli USA sono con me e sicuramente tuo marito non arriverà al secondo mandato. We, the people
Fantastic First Lady !
Good day First Lady hope your day is beautiful may God bless you and your beautiful family
