You might want to talk to your husband about equality and justice for all.
Why he doesn't listen to her
Tell me one damn thing president trump has done that is racist??
He lower the unemployment rate for African Americans to the lowest rate ever. African Americans have bought homes at the highest rate ever. This goes for the spanish populations in the USA too! Dems call everybody racist because they have nothing to offer Americans of all Colors

I think you just do not have a good defense of your opinions......how bout that? 
the rate of blacks buying houses has nothing to do with donald trump nor does the unemployment rate. black people are buying more houses because of gentrification and unemployment is down because black business ownership is up. and its Latino not Spanish.. that's only Spain
Honored to stand with you, @POTUS and all good people, everywhere  :    )
We never have such problem in HK,  even our governor is woman, we didn't think it is special.  first of all, the black has to be a good person!
HA!!!! ...SMH
Speaking of honor and service: How do you feel about your husband getting “serviced” by a porn star right after Barron was born?
What are your thoughts on then President Clinton being serviced in the Oval Office by a young intern ?
Consenting adults in an affair versus paying prostitutes. K.
I do believe Monica was on the gov payroll which is funded by US tax payers and I do not believe her job description and duties included providing sexual services to anyone while on the job. So yes, she was being paid for her services to the President
And he was impeached.   Will joyously celebrate when Trump finally falls. America needs to be free from that corrupt azzhat.
Not gonna happen. When children get upset that they didn't get what they want. Is not a call for impeachment. The president of the United States Donald J Trump

Gimme a break. 
I think your douchebag husband is changing with MLK stood for. What are your thoughts immigrant ?
Have you spoken to your husband about this??
I am thankful & blessed to have a wonderful @POTUS & finally a beautiful @FLOTUS who puts THIS country first! #MAGA Trump #2020
And finally a beautiful flotus? Wow
Yes, The past 8 years all Michelle looked like she rolled out of bed. She’s disgusting. Did not represent this country at all.
Michelle didn't represent "your" view of the country, is what you meant to say, right??
Not she did not represent shit for us conservatives
I guess u eat like shit. Because she was a voice for the healthy. Beauty is Skin deep. Take a walk and enjoy the different colored flowers.
Michelle Obama is not beautiful inside or out. She is a very nasty & vile woman. Is she a woman? A lot of ppl are questioning that.
No.  Just, no.  Your words mean less than nothing.
How can we strive for justice while your husband sets us back decades ?    There is no justice or fairness in his policies and his rhetoric. 
Dr. King's legacy will ultimately triumph against the shameful 
Trump administration.
@CNN @politico @WSJ Does she understand her husband as the @POTUS is the antithesis of everything Dr. Marin Luther King Jr has worked and sacrificed for. She needs to take this opportunity to teach her husband & families instead. Keep her #BS to herself. #NotToday #antibullying
Just because you can’t understand his level of intelligence doesn’t make him bad.. just makes you, typical...
I just threw up in my mouth from the hypocrisy.

This nation will be the definition of a shithole as long as you and your brainless husband are around!  don’t try to look smart u r really not and I bet your aid wrote this words for you
Mrs. Trump,  Keep up your good work.
Hear what you say; see what you do: Both are incompatible with this tweet!
Thank You Melania.. we appreciate your kind words.
Today the world honors MLK, your husband does not, today was a day of service to honor him, your husband spent it on the golf course. You could speak out when he says racist things, instead you stay silent. Your tweet means nothing when you don't live by it.
Why aren’t you golfing?
She is clueless
To My Classy First Lady,
Please pay no attention to the ignorant people that we have to share this great country with.  You tell POTUS to keep up the good work.  America loves FLOTUS & POTUS.
LLAP
Tell your husband.
Did you write that yourself love?
Have you ever considered talking with your husband about the shit he keeps on spewing out?
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE! Oh wait - your people probably wrote that. Careful - that many pants on fire might burn the house down. 
What’s she lying about?
The fact her husband's admin is taking away minority rights
Okay, what’s your proof? Do you have a link to that? From what I understand he is expanding opportunities as black unemployment is at its lowest since 1972.
What minorities is he affecting negatively?
Oh and poor people but that isn't  a minority
If you’re going to keep stealing Melania, at least you keep stealing from The Best!
You really need to get to work on that cyberbullying issue.
Your husband is a good man and a patriot. Ignore the people who have hatred for our President. We know he is not a racist nor a Nazi but a leader who cares for all Americans. #MAGA
He cares and he’s a fighter. We knew who we were voting for. We knew he is the only man that can clean up DC & restore the power to the people.  #MAGA
2018 begins with the death throes of the corrupt core of Washington. Smug & comfortable in it’s unchallenged crimes for decades.…
Trump does not care for anyone except himself. He fights only for himself - it's all about profit & greed. He's a master trickster who has scammed his entire life. Over 2,500 lawsuits, Trump University fraud, numerous bankruptcies, 3 divorces & numerous affairs. HE IS THE SWAMP.

RARE FOOTAGE OF MALCOLM X ON THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY

‘You can not name me a negro leader who has betrayed negros who has not been endorsed, sanctioned, subsidized and supported by the white…
#MLKDay #MAGA
#Haiti
Both stay married so they don’t have to testify against their spouses. #MAGA
And @flotus is married to a man who had admitted to fondling women without their consent, been married 3 times, cheated on all his wives, and is accused of multiple accounts of sexual assault.

So... Ummmmm...
Start with your #shitholehusband and his #shitholeadministration.  They are striving for equality and justice for white billionaires.
Oops! I hope your husband does not know that you said USA is already great.
Oh please. What a crock.
Have you met your husband lately??? #mlkday
Tell me one thing he’s done that’s racist
He is my leader!!!
God Bless First Lady.
You are an enabler to a disgusting bigot who only seeks to enrich himself & you turn  your head while he disgraces not only our country, but your own marriage. I bet you know little about MLK. You & your words are meaningless
She really HAS TO BE DELUDED if she actually believes what she wrote
She didn't post this, one of her aides did. She's too busy with hair and makeup and spending taxpayer money. Besides she has no clue how to frame a coherent message.
Bless ur heart bc you need it being married to a Racist
bye hater,bye sore loser , bye Hollywood hypocrite ‘s ( boycott) God Bl POTUS
@lanceM1977
YES, HE'S SO FULL OF ENERGY. I LOVE MY PRESIDENT
Especially under appreciated by her husband who bangs every porn star he can.
You undoubtedly had to do awful things to stay in this country.  Stop being #Complicit unless you want to live in exile with your #Traitor husband @realDonaldTrump How's your sister? #ChainMigration
Good Morning First Lady..
"Who and in what measure has shown generosity ?!"
Remember, the more you sacrifice for a good cause, the more it will come back to you!
You need to donate here:
https://igg.me/at/s6tU0EUrWXk 
So, how much did you donate?
You can donate as much as you want!
Tell that to your Racist Husband.
You need to get #InTouch with this magazine and #StormyDaniels. 
@realDonaldTrump
You seriously posted a picture from that trashy garbage tabloid?!  That’s your problem right there! 
That’s just BS ma’am... with all due respect.. don’t you see that makes no sense????  Kinda like wearing the same fragrance-soon you can’t smell it anymore..
So original.
@maxywon @FLOTUS pathetic
http://addictinginfo.com/2018/01/17/trump-is-one-creepy-motherfcker/ …. Run!
Fake info, like the phony Russian dossier that DNC and Hillary funded.

#Karma #StormyDaniels
This nation strives for equality and justice for all. If only your husband did.
Let me guess...You forgave him??? Where is your #metoo hashtag?
Gee Hillary apparently forgives bill  daily from all reports and her gal pal Huma for Yrs.  Try and remember you never know a thing for sure unless you are involved. None of us can completely trust media!  Only sure thing is if it’s written video or photos
Bot
Denial. But if it makes the truth easier. It’s OK.
Bot
Fool!
You need to file for divorce darling!
Guess you haven't heard the updated news on this subject that Stormy debunked herself.
You do, you’re racist husband did not. Then gives some bs reason that he celebrates black culture every day and doesn’t need a holiday? Holy. Shit. #FreeMelania
Are u so thirsty to spend the day retweeting all ur past tweets!  Today's march across the country is for u too. It's not too late for u to get out and stand w us!

Really? Have you met your husband???? Or has he been too busy with his porn star gf
Maybe you should worry more about your husband honoring you? You should be so embarrassed
Dear Melania - don't try to discuss public policy. 
Don't Speak. 
Don't appear in Public. 
Keep a low profile.
Love, America
Unless you happen to be a DREAMER or from a country proclaimed to a shit hole by POTUS or transgender, or a peacefully protesting NFL player or...
Oh no honey, your husband is ensuring that there is liberty and justice ONLY for white folks, didn’t you get the memo?  He is a BULLY.  I thought your cause was to be fighting bullying?? Maybe you’d like to start with him??
Very well said, @FLOTUS , You have performed your duties with elegance and grace!
What nation, @MelaniaTrump? How are you "honored to be First Lady of a nation that continually strives for equality & justice for all," when your husband, @realDonaldTrump, does everything to undermine our treasured democracy? Equality & justice are being stripped away by @POTUS!
Like a parrot !

It was a country that used to srptrive towards this, but it no longer continues to be this. Your tweet is a false statement.
You shouldn’t brag about being his wife..... you’re just as disgusting as he is for selling your soul to the devil. Hope he pays you well to stay! #moneyhungry
You are an immigrant, from a very undesirable country. not the brightest, and not with educations, and money.  but we let you in. why does your moron of a husband want to keep people from your homeland out now? how can u support him? and the Stormy thing?? its all true, u know it
Oh dear Melania. You’re such a good woman. How could you be tethered to such a vulgar boorish Cretan of a husband. You must be getting good treatment for depression
Did somebody write this tweet for you?
Use your own speech not the one of your enemy. Michelle Obama since you guys hate them so much


Where do you live now?
God bless you  Miss Malenia Trump! Danke für das Vater unser !!!!!
Melania relieved Trump is banging porn stars and not her. "You zink I would risk Chlamydia with ze orange piggy man? "

Sophie, it's false, fake. Please, they do enough shit to add to it.
I am a Professional landing page designer,i will design responsive landing page get start
5$,I Will offer you very low price cost,If you want design your website Contact me:
Did Donny ever make you spank him with a magazine that had Ivanka on the cover? Is that his thing?
Que guapa se ve
Plagiarism

The President who was spanked with a copy of Forbes by the porn star with whom he had adulterous, unprotected sex 4 months after his 3rd wife gave birth now wants to allow "Christian" doctors and nurses to deny healthcare to LGBT people because they disapprove of that lifestyle.
If you want to say hi
Since your still with witches brew instead of which direction did you go, (witches-which)

Why are you still married to him?  Zasto? On čini da vaši roditelji izgledaju loše
You need a new writer. !   Coping Michelle's don't cut it
just because we want to protect our country does not make the president a racist. do u lock your doors at night before bed. yes to keep people out.  that doesn’t make me racist
You are such a lucky woman to be married to a man that beds porn stars that remind him of his daughter.
Ez így igaz!
http://www.fecsego.eu  nemzetközi hírportál
Főszerkesztő
Too bad the bigot you married doesn't respect YOU! How many is that now?
THANK U SO MUCH 4 THIS STATMENT YOUR HONOR......... ALWAYS REMEMBER WE AS AMERICAN CITIZENS SEE U THIS WAY MAAM AS A SOCIETY SINCE U FEEL THIS WAY ABOUT AMERICA YOUR HONOR.. WE THE AMERICAN CITIZENS FEEL LIKE THIS ABOUT U... https://youtu.be/V2ZAFCNf_Cc  FROM AMERICA 2 U MAAM!! 90210

Tell that to the Donald.
#trumpshutdown

If my husband screwed a porn star, I would kick his a** to the kerb
Making America Great Again, one spanking at a time. 
#StormyShithole45

http://www.ibtimes.com/trump-made-stormy-daniels-watch-shark-week-spank-forbes-magazine-report-2642914?amp=1 …

Trump fucks porn stars without condoms when he cheats on his wife, makes comments about wanting Tiffany to be aborted, & says he is sexually attracted to Ivanka.…
THANK YOU MADAME FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP & YOUR HUSBAND & ALL YOUR FAMILY
GOD GIVES THE WORLD SO MANY WONDERS AND TREASURES TO REMIND US OF HIS LOVE.  WISHING YOU & ALL YOUR FAMILY THE JOY OF HIS LOVING PRESENCE ALWAYS 
Divorce him! #FreeMelania
Considering who your married to that is quite a feat if you can do it.
Hi Melania. I was screwing a porn star hooker while you were raising our baby. But I love you.

Porn star Stormy Daniels to 'In Touch': Trump said I was “just like his daughter” https://trib.al/5sQnRhW  


Hey Melania what do you think of STORMY, Stormy Stormy?  The Donald thinks she is better than you!!!!
I am sure this is not your personal tweet as you have no idea who this man is, Or even care.  You and your husband if that is what you call him are worthless and should be a  statue someplace gold plated of course.
 bitch boooo
I was recently accepted into my dream school and I can't  afford it. Please help me out. It would mean so much to me!
Thank you Melania, for honoring Dr. Martin Luther King.
Next
“Go sit down honey.”
Strive for gun control
Please help your husband, the President. He needs it, for the sake of us all.
You need to leave his porn star loving ass....
#TurkeyHandsOffAfrin
#NoFlyZone4Afrin
You must have quite the business arrangement.
Here's another clip from Born Yesterday. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJVuyQgCLDQ …
It's only $2.99 to watch on Youtube.  I highly recommend it.
You're just "another one" ... #Walmartwhitehouse
It's fake news like the DNC and Hillary phony Russian dossier.
You can't possibly have written that yourself...with a husband that sees women as walking pu$$ies. He is a racist and a cheater. You definitely know it and it's a shame that you're a liar as well. You've been renamed Malaria.
I hate to hear your husband called a racist. We know better.
Sleeping.....Orhat.......
Except for your husband..... he is a racist bigot.
Stand by your man....you don't have to.....he apparently has cheated on you.....hope you didn't sign a pre-nup.....call your Pastor and have him perform an exorcism on your cheating man.....
Stormy Daniels says sex with @realDonaldTrump was textbook generic. I actually don’t even know why I did it, but I do remember while we were having sex, I was like, ‘Please, don’t try to pay...CHEATER 
Check ya mans.
#Service: Well we all know your porn star banging hubby played golf. Had his low wage staff serving y'all: I don't think that's the kind of service #MLK had in mind princess.
Oh boy, that statement is comical...
Such and Honor to hear u Honor this day for all who have been discriminated against! @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS44

You should divorce @POTUS Before he drags You down with him.#Run!
Too bad your husband is a bigot.
YOUR HUSBAND DOESNT CARE ABOUT THIS SO HE IS TEARING DOWN EQUALITY & JUSTICE FOR ALL. HE'S WRECKING AMERICA. PLEASE DONT HELP HIM!
@vivaelvelez
Not "all"; only the chosen few as your husband's actions have clearly demonstrated.
Melania, I pray for you and your son.  You feel alone, and stuck...you aren't.  Remember you are strongest on your knees.  Seek advice from a pastor...not associated with the White House.  #metoo is real
Didn't Michelle say these exact same words????
Your husband cares so much while in the golf course. Yeah, real respect.
Thank u Mrs. Trump. You are a class act FLOTUS. You are full of integrity & strong  for the things you are going thru being dragged by Media & people that are judging u. Stay strong !
Go back from where u came!
Just wanted to say thank you for finally finally having a classy first lady in the White House it feels good and it feels proud I'm proud to be an American stand by your husband he's doing an awesome job and so are you.
First Ornament does bupkis
God damn it!!!  Is there anything you CAN do other than fuck for money?
Seriously, again? You do know how the internet works don't you? Plagiarism much!

Thanks and hope to keep justice always beside equality.Equality never can go in a wrong meaning through suppression without justice.equlatiy does mean in work,in popularity and in effort.

I wonder how much #blackhistory you know, Melania. I wonder how much you know about anything beyond shopping. Just do what you do best. Stand by your crappy cheatin’, racist, deportin’ man, in a $5000 pantsuit.
We fully support you and do our best to preserve the Memory of the Great Aristocrats of Africa  http://kumpan-muller.ucoz.de/publ/the_project_of_the_revival_of_the_african_lake_chad_lagan_with_love_of_the_world/7-1-0-175 … and want to help Asia http://www.cic-wsc.org/MAR%20DE%20ARAL%20PROYECTO%20ANARGUL%20ENGL%202018.pdf …

Melania, does Donnie still like being spanked??
love from India.., we always give love from the country India.., sometimes it may be selfish ., but there is a reason u have to understand that there will always be love even it is selfishly involved.., there is no love without selfish #askurself #respect #allhumans
A great advocate on equality for children, nothing about DACA...as an immigrant where do you stand.
EQUALITY AND JUSTICE FOR YOU TOO.  HE SLEPT WITH ANOTHER WOMAN WHEN HE WAS MARRIED TO YOU.  SMH   CLINTON WAS IMPEACHED.   LIVE YOUR LIFE MELANIA. GET AWAY FROM THAT MONSTER.
Really?
Awesome piece about Trump! Really great guy!!!
I’d puke.
Right on him

