Dear FLOTUS 

20% of innocent Americans are blamed en masse, each time an EVIL PERSON commits a mass murder. 

Imagine how painful it is to see a mass murder of School Children on TV, and then be SCAPEGOATED as the reason, because you see a therapist once/wk.

#EndTheStigma
You are proof that a woman will do anything for money.. Beddin down with an old Prune.. yuk!! OMG.. like Fn a dried up Grandpa...

 #MAGA

Hello Melania it's so exciting to see all the good works of you .
I know you probably won't see this tweet..
I have an idea to help working family's in these united states..
A way for hard working family's to get help that cost nothing to national debt. Helping ppl help themselves
Not a big fan of your hubby...but you're growing on me.
I agree!
I'm honestly curious why?  She hasn't done one diddly thing in her role. She's barely managed to hostess a couple of events. She's cost us a fortune already. What about her is growing on you?
What has she done that you dont like. She stays quiet in the background and does her own thing visiting with children and disaster victims. She has plenty of money to do what she wants and Trump donates his salary that, little do you realize, u probably dont contribute to any of
No mention of @realDonaldTrump
Right! Leave that ass already. I wonder WHY she stays.... that would have been our last conversation!
Frozen Face Melenia is bought and payed for. Concubine blowup doll
Be that as it may, she’s a victim of abuse. No need to pile more on.
God love you Melania with out a question you are the best!!!
Care to follow back?
Thank you

 Member to Have Fun. 

Inspired talented brilliant delivery of your position as America’s First Lady
....and not your husband
Happy Valentines Day Melania! 
You never see her again????
HAPPY VALENTINES  To the most handsome 1st couple @POTUS @realDonaldTrump . I hope you both appreciate & cherish each other. You are both VERY SPECIAL PEOPLE
Right back at you dear. Happy Valentines day #MAGA STYLE. #Winning
Hang in there, Melania. I know it seems like this terrible marriage will never end but he can’t be president forever. Then you’ll be free to do as you please. Stay strong.
Happy Valentine's Day  @FLOTUS and our @POTUS #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
During your travels, please enquire about this stormy daniels and that $130,000 payment. seems odd that a lawyer pays a client bills, does it not? or is this what #MAGA really means - where our lawyers pay our bills? i am confused...



Are you going 2 tell all the children and their families how your husband wants 2 get rid of hcare,Medicare,Medicaid and cut EBT program. He only cares about the rich and Stormy Daniels.
Jeez, what does it take to dump Rump?! #FatNixon Aren’t you embarrassed by what a lowlife he is? #FatNixon humiliates you at every opportunity. What does it take?!
Sounds like a little fudge packer might be a little jealous. What’s wrong, sausage seeker, don’t look as good as the First Lady in her clothes?
Be blessed  as you have blessed USAll 
Gotta love all the MAGA folks in the replies struggling to reconcile being fans of the first lady with the fact that Trump is a horrible husband.
Because you’ve lived with him.  So you know.  Good for you.
Because he slept with a porn star while melania was at home with a newborn barron. cohen confirmed the payment to her. gross.
She also takes a staff with her who are interested in the hospitals and their needs.  That is what Melania’s tweet was about and she deserves our respect.  BTW, Corky Storm or whoever she is does not divert our attention off Obama’s felony spy network. Nice try.
The pre-nup isn't worth it.
Gag
My same exact reaction soon as I saw your PORN profile pic

GAG 
Great minds think alike !

Enjoy your day - lib lunatic free zone 

In our country, we traditionally spend this day with our spouses. Problems at home?
This is a children’s hospital. My God you people are vile!
Trump Foundation stole from kids with cancer..is that ok with you?
Happy Valentines Day!! 
Awe...so sweet...May God shine upon many blessing upon you both as one!
Please Melania keep doing what you are doing cause I think its, GREAT. LOTS better than your BRAIN DEAD husband, so please keep up your great things your doing.




Pozdrawiam.j



#Love is a great feeling
How about making sure that the children and families have free, on-site, nutritious food to eat?  As of now, dinner is provided by volunteers.
ICYMI:
It's easy to report on sex, it's harder to report on sexual assault—especially when it comes to Trump | Analysis http://bit.ly/2Cygzul  
Why is it that we hear  about @FLOTUS Melania is here and there doing nice stuff with kids and families but we never see any pics of her in action or showing that she is really there?
FILL THE EMPTY JOB OPENINGS IN THE WHITE HOUSE!!! WE WANT PEACE AND PROSPERITY. YOU WILL BE REMEMBERED FOR SAVING LIVES NOT LOSING LIVES. AMERICA WANTS DIPLOMACY AND PEACE TALKS!! THINK OF YOUR GRANDCHILDREN AND CHILDREN WE WANT PEACE!!!!!  KEEP THE PEACE!!! FIX AMERICA FIRST
Renegotiate your prenuptial agreement and get out of that terrible relationship and family.  #TrumpCrimeFamily
Melania, your husband won't do anything about guns but YOU can! Please,  get involved, help stop this madness! You are in a VERY powerful  position to influence people and spread the word that assault rifles  need to be banned! Please help for Barron's sake!
Keeping you in prayer Melania
Beautiful FLOTUS, lend your power to St. Judes's and other children's hospitals which only exist on donations and celebrity endorsement: they could really use your help!
Love our FLOTUS.
Your office is silent and needed to be proactive.
Asc
Question:
Who’s the biggest ho of all?
Answer:
Melanoma.
Happy Valentines Day @FLOTUS

Some revelations on where the >$100Mil raised by the #Trump inaugural committee went -  https://nyti.ms/2BYGhfu 

Show the kids what a successful ‘model’ you are!


“We are going to be the kids you read about in textbooks. We are going to be the last mass shooting.”

This powerful speech on gun control by a student…
The children are out future and a great focus for FLOTUS. Couldn’t have chose better passion.
@realDonaldTrump
I couldn't resist, I just HAD to share! 

What??? Not spending Valentines with your cheating husband????
Thoughts and prayers aren't gonna help anyone.

Top U.S. officials tell the world to ignore Trump’s tweets http://wapo.st/2CtPmbW 
YEAH, BECAUSE POTUS IS TOO BUSY TRYING TO HIDE THE AFFAIRS.... *CALL HILLARY FOR ADVICE DUMBASS
dignity,  be a role model for our youth,  leave your cheating husband before you get pulled into a situation you cannot recover from
Stormy wishes you a happy Valentine’s Day too
If you really cared of our children then you would encourage school safety. You and trump dont put much thought into because your children have security at the hip. Whose to protect our children? When does this end?




https://goo.gl/zU53Y6 
Have a good day with Donny and all his alleged mistresses
The #NIH is being gutted by your husband.
Saw this on @cspan u were so nice to the children.  You said kind words to make them feel special Very sweet. Compassionate
Happy Valentine's Day 
I bit late but never to late to congratulate to you Melanie and your sweet husband Mister Trump Valentine day so happy Valentine day in future every year I wish you happy Valentine's day at least for you and Trump 100 years to go our repution that deserve ya Sam Love ya tick
I feel so sorry that you are married to such an awful man that continues to embarrass you. You deserve better, we all do. 
Why do you taslking about husband? Sorry him please,im following for news about Donald and about do you,regards Vladey
You are an AMAZING woman!!! 
#KarenMcDougal 
Nice husband
Guessing news about Donnie’s adulterous affairs with Stormy and Karen are one reason you aren’t mentioning him on Valentine’s Day.
Will your husband be sending this woman a Valentine card?

"They say that tougher gun laws do not decrease gun violence. We call BS!" Florida high school shooting survivor Emma Gonzalez calls on President Trump and lawmakers to tighten gun restrictions in impassioned…

Are they still alive?
Thanks to te First Lady for be so good persona swe love you
Better than spending it with a philanderer...
you're good w/kids (and animals - pay more attn to them, wildlife will suffer due to yr husband's bad ideas like banning bird treaty act, that will kill millions for NOTHING BUT GREED. Do somex.)   stick with those, divorce this guy, he's mean to you, shoved u out of the plane
Thank you for showing showing so much care to children
مرحبا بكم فى موقعنا المجانية
You and your Husband are saving this country! You are changing history for the good. We have at least 3 more years of freedom left before it can be taken again. We would have been burried if Hillary came in with her child trafficking and psychopathy. Now I can sleep at night
HINT: when u wear a clingy silky tight fitting thru the chest dress, wear a good bra, no one wanted to see your nipples showing thru.  Inappropriate at best.  This isn't supposed to be one of your nudie shots Melania.
Is your husband #CadetBoneSpurs having an affair with someone in the White House? When do you think your tell all book will be out?

If you want to save your reputation and that of your son you need to dump Trump and denounce him for the pig that he is.
#phony 
Give us all a break! Ur soul is owned by greed $$
Wow your sexual Predator Husband sure is demeaning you on a daily basis ! How many more women has he been with while with you!! He Conned you too! You are a disgrace to the US! You do nothing but spend tax payers money!Go back to your real country as you were here illegally!
Friends of yours? Still time to get on the right side of history. Or you cool playing cuck to porn stars for a bit of money? You can do better, m’lady. #Mueller #pussygrabber #Immigration
You guys celebrated the fact he cheated on you with a porn star and repeatedly with a playboy bunny right around the time your last kid was born?
Our Nation s Most Beautiful First Lady Melania Trump God has Blessed You with a Brilliant Husband Our Nation s Smartest President Trump Ever.  Thank you for your devotion to America s children. Thank you for being you
Great


When did you stop saying Obama was not born in the US?
any comment on this?
you never apologized to @BarackObama for your #birther lies on national television, you botox-ed plastic surgery nightmare.
Happy Valentine's Day! Prayers for your heart and for you and potus.


This
Is
Not
A…
Sorry about your husband.
Nice Valentines Day present--husband cheated on you with another woman--Playboy Bunny. How can you stand to live in the White House with him? Leave him and get your self respect back. I pity you.
You know, I thought Stormy Daniels looked like Ivanka, but I think Karen looks like you!  I would take this other mistress as a compliment!
My first lady please do not listen to the crowd. You are the fisrt now take with humility and wisdom. What ever the press and others are saying be strong to ignore and careless. Let them say. Keep your home. God will bless you and family.
Flotus is amazing the way she hangs in with that bloated orange adulterer
