You have arms....put your coat on or take it off. You are not on a catwalk......

MELANIA!! BLINK VERY RAPIDLY IN INTERVALS OF 3 NEXT TIME YOURE ON NATIONAL TELEVISION IF YOU NEED HELP. HELP WILL COME. YOU DONT HAVE TO BE TRAPPED IN THAT EVIL MANS CLUTCHES. 

Uhhh....okay. anyways, MELANIA. THERE IS HOPE. BE STRONG.
How very presumptuous you are. Now, just imagine you and your significant other out and not conforming to those standards you think everyone should have and what they would say about you. #nastywoman
I suppose THESE are ur examples of "great women" ???????
Good selection, Shirley has the best lines. Love the video, wonder if she now knows US Constitution is not 400 yrs old as she boomed in Congress. She's special.
How do these nuts GET ELECTED?????
Your grace and class alone with your compassion reminds me of Princess Diana. @FLOTUS You are America's Queen. of
OMG nooooooooooo!
First Lady Melania, I think this is a great cause with purpose. Just a thought though, maybe take off your coat next time. It would be more sincere rather than looking like a fashion photo opportunity. You're a beautiful woman and noone will judge you for not looking perfect.
You want to take away her only job.  She is a coat rack!
Please stop this attack on Americans who suffer from 24/7 excruciating intractable pain.  Do your research.  You have no idea what you are doing.  People are now committing suicide because their relief of pain is being taken away.
Best 

First Lady 

Ever 

#MAGA
Yup
Lol. So what?
Yes...so what. She is an awesome FLOTUS and demonstrates it everyday. 
John 8:7, viz. “He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her.”
 amen “But for the grace of God........”
But for the grace of God!!
Miss Trump i think you are the best first lady this country could ever ask  may god bless you and keep you and your family safe at all times .
I have degenerative discs and osteoarthritis and I refuse to take narcotics. I found that Ibuprofen prescription strength actually helped cure my problem and I feel better as a result of it. Opioids do not help with inflammation.
Hai
Thank you Melania and please.....Do something to get AG Sessions to end his ridiculous "War on Pot" and actually DO SOMETHING about the opiod crisis.
U’d have better results asking for help from a bucket of KFC 

It's a wonderful hospital but healthcare for children is in peril. What is your husband doing about that?
Waiting for the Dems...
Leader waiting for minority? Wow he must be a pretty weak leader  seems like he said only he could fix it
They have to vote .. learn civics 101
I’m well aware they vote.  Trump swore he would be able to negotiate great deals. Weird now it’s their fault that he can’t deliver. Maybe he’s not the deal maker you thought.
He still has passed a lot and will in the future. I’m happy. Everyone is winning and I mean everyone!
Especially corporations
Especially the middle class hard working tax payers that have been robbed by a very corrupt group of government leaders and system for the past 100 years.. since the creation of the federal reserve which isn’t even a government entity. Owned by people that think we are pions
Because of you and your attack on Americans,  people are not goin to have needed surgeries because they send you home with Tylenol now.  And you are creating opioid shortages in hospitals.  What a disgrace. You must be very proud.
 
#killingamericansinpain
I want to change lives of people in America from here in Africa.I will build.a rehab for all drug addict and show them how to change for better


God Bless you First Lady Melania! May the Lord Jesus bless your soul for all of eternity! Praying for USA and all involved in opioid mess
God doesn’t exist.
Your denying the obvious doesn’t change the existence of God!
Hail Beelzebub.
Then you don’t deny the existence of God, you just worship in rebellion to him. 
#youareconfused
God is about as real as trumps hairline.
Then I guess we are in agreement as your President @realDonaldTrump the @POTUS allowed his hair to be examined and even pulled on to show it is real, and not combed over! I guess you didn’t get the memo of #Trumpshair or #GodisAlive
Is that the memo that Nunes leaked? Also I can’t believe you just poundsigned #TrumpsHair next to #GodsAlive
We love you #Melania.
Thanks to your husband for choking off the "open" drug route to our cities.
For deporting the criminal gangs who were allowed to cross our borders and set up shop in the United States by a totally morally bankrupt former Administration.
Proof?  What policies has Trump put in place to curb the influx of drugs?
Proof...well, its not my job to give it. Do your own research. There's many press releases which have addressed so many aspects of this.

ps. Did you know this interesting fact? Weird that all highly specific data collections ended that year. Whoopsie Daisy!
Well, not collection of all data apparently.
Facebook scandal widens: Obama campaign's Carol Davidsen admits Democrats sucked out "the entire social network of the US", kept the data and still have it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGiiQUMaShw&t=19m48s …
Destroy afghan grow ops rather than protect it
ich glaube das sie ein wirklich gutherziger mensch sind. wenn man etwas über sie berichtet kommen sie herzlich und liebevoll zum vorschein. 

liebe grüsse aus deutschland.   
Addiction brought in by irresponsible  over prescription of pain  medications.. topped by mental health issue of people  with poor  coping skills and refused to utilize alternative ways or use non narcotics pain relief just because  mentally they want instant gratification .


That’s a given.fonald would screw anyone who praised him. Don
If she donated some of her clothing and travel costs to this cause she could make a huge difference
Oh just stop. You hate this and you know it.


A "CLASSIC" , not to be lost, EVER!
Remind your morally bankrupt hubby that #PuertoRico still needs his attention.
Have you spoken with the morally backrupt government of Puerto Rico? Remember the mayor stating they had no supplies in a warehouse of supplies.
Since that is also a part of his duties, you do realize that your feeble attempt to insult me only further insults the #IdiotInChief do you not?
Nah, you do that fine by yourself.
I know.. 
I watched it.. I know. M
Thank you for being the kind loving person you are very honored to have you as our first lady
Thank you FLOTUS...You are very much appreciated!!
Those PR visits are great Melania but exactly WHAT are you doing to help the #OpioidEpidemic ????? And how is that #cyberbullying going?  Can we get an update?  Are U studying the effects your hubby @realDonaldTrump has on people when he #cyberbullies ?????  Thank you
Very odd and off putting to keep that coat pinned on the entire time...take your coat off...roll your sleeves up...genuinely engage! You looked nice though.
I guess that’s what you call a back handed compliment. Criticize, criticize and then say “You look nice though.”
It was what it was...makes you unhappy...then oh well...all that I said is true...and she still does look very very nice.
Melania didn’t write this. I guarantee it.
How exactly do you go about guaranteeing anything  you are not an actual witness to. You may think that but you don’t know it. The weird thing is that you even care who wrote it! It is not a legal document.
She steals speeches
She didn’t even know she stole the speech because the same person who wrote this tweet handed her her speech.
So now you are saying she stole it. Seriously you need help.
You do know she plagiarized Michelle Obama inauguration speech.  Whether she knew she did it or read what was put in front of her is another story. Do help is needed in anything related to words coming out of melania’s mouth.
Melania your a great first lady.
You're
That’s the least of Bobby’s problems
Mrs Trump, please don't fall into the trap of believing the lies about the falsified opioid epidemic. Few children exposed to illicit drugs will be adversely affected especially w/polypharmacy. Doesn't mean govt should deny LEGIT meds to people in pain!
These lies President Trump & you have been told are hurting millions of Americans & veterans; the elderly, cancer patients & the disabled. Please have an assistant give me a call 423-794-8241 for competent reliable research before more people die slow painful deaths.
How common is it that people are being denied pain meds? And what are there circumstances?
Ms Hartly, Oct 2016, Mountain Home VAMC began giving docs lists of 5 to 10 vets. They were to force a taper till completely off all pain meds. Didn't matter if it was the elderly, cancer patients, or disabled. In 3 months there were over 300 complaints.
My case, a NP Christina Craft called mid-Oct to advised nothing wrong w/my spine & that I would be forced tapered to zero. I went from 180mg Morphine Sulfate beginning Nov to last dose on Dec 29, 2016. Never met her supervisor Dr James Crider even though I raised a stink.
Dr David Hecht assistant director Mountain Home VAMC, Johnson City, TN has repeatedly lied to the press about the how they implemented the measures on a case by case basis.
Rep @DrPhilRoe has also lied about the policies were implemented in my opinion because area pain doctors/clinics have been contributing to him so heavily since Mountain Home VAMC is now making referrals to them & to methadone clinics.
#OpioidEpidemic was created by Big Pharma,  they don't want to money train to stop!
Thank you, that was beautiful. l am just watching you on Twitter for the first time, so nice
It's only an epidemic, when white people are the abusers, no one mentions how the Government tested  black military men with  syphilis, and other diseases. That was okay. Just like crack, guns poverty. It only matters when it hits white communities.
Mrs. Trump, at 14, I was raped.  At 15, I had my first son, conceived by that rape.  At 20, I was shot 6 times in the knees.  At 70, I am dependent on OPIOIDS. I HATE THE FACT THAT I MUST TAKE THESE DRUGS, I HATE EVEN MORE-THE FEAR THEY WILL BE TAKEN FROM ME. I WILL HAVE NO LIFE.


You are great
Good work ma'am
Muy lindo Dios te bendiga
3323
It seems to be something that makes you very happy to do! Your an awesome First Lady!
Wonderful to see the children getting well while learning and growing.  Keep up the great work First Lady Melania!
Well thank God Kelly Ann is in charge of that...I feel better already! If you want to take up a cause FLOTUS you could own the #MeToo movement!
I wish you can help my baby to have and meet his father at his birth! I need my husband be here for my labor. You are a woman and understand me.
Tweet obviously not written by you. Your tweets read like a bot.
Thankyou for all the hard work you do and support you offer to so many causes.
Thank you Mrs Trump for all you are doing to help issues that affect our American youth!! I commend you!!

Those poor kids. Just wash where the nasty lady touched you.

https://goo.gl/zU53Y6 




Indeed I am encouraged by this research. In 2016 one county inn our state lost 800 to opioid overdoses. In 2017 the state the above mentioned  county is  in-- Ohio lost 5,000 to opioid overdoses. Opioids come from China thru Mexico.
Melonia..why are you with this man? He is benith you
How about the gun epidemic?
Maybe the millions paid to your friend would have been better spent here?
Show us the $$$$. That’s what it’s going to take to stop 150 people dying daily to this epidemic. You and your husband are big bags of hot air.
Super
Too many kids affected. I am so glad we finally have a president willing to do something about it besides throwing them in jail. Drugs are at epidemic level. We are losing generations of young americans. We need to fix the cause.  Strong borders are a start!
Everywhere you go, the effects of having the First Lady to come visit and offer encouragement never fails to strike the mark! THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU DO for us, @FLOTUS
I'm here to read people's comment that's all 
Les enfants c'est la barraka dAllah
So nice of you to look the other way when Donny needs to spend time with stormy

BREAKING: https://nypost.com/2018/02/14/porn-star-claims-shes-free-to-talk-after-trump-lawyer-violates-non-disclosure-deal/ …
Stormy Daniels says she can tell all because Cohen breached gag order
God bless you First Lady Melania. You are a class act .
Thanks Happy Valentines Day. XXI Century Video Access & Accounting
MURS Licensed Medical Services.
Wow, where do I hide. Gorgeous°
Oh!

Hey, Happy Valentines to THE most romantic couple since Eva and Adolf! 
Again Melania surrounded by all white children.

I just wanted to take a moment to wish Donald Trump and Stormy Daniels a Happy Valentines day!
#HappyValentinesDay
New style on how to wear peacoat...

Thank you FLOTUS for all you are doing. Dont worry abt the horrible Democrats when they put you down. We are with you all the way!
You goud
yes
So proud of FLOTUS.
Take your coat off and stay awhile.

You are such a kind-hearted person Melaniaproud to have you as FLOTUS
To bad the fake news can never cover things like this
How much research do you do?  Did you realize that the man who fathered your child is a serial philanderer and misogynist? I guess you got yourself and your family to the USA, and loads of cash and comfort, so maybe it is worth it?  And the opioids come from @purduepharma
Such class and grace is Melania Trump!


Melania had her portrait done, too! 
https://twitter.com/Bab_Blue7/status/962528469241376769?ref_src=twcamp%5Ecopy%7Ctwsrc%5Eandroid%7Ctwgr%5Ecopy%7Ctwcon%5E7090%7Ctwterm%5E1 …
She is a wonderful.

These women have accused Trump of sexual assault or harassment

Natasha Stoynoff
Rachel Crooks…

The world is silent,
Crimes ignored,
Tweets suppressed,
YouTube videos deleted,…
Why don’t you take this damn coat off and act normally...you are not longer a model...opps a soft porn model.
What about the horn dog crisis....are you and Stormy going to team up on that or should Stormy handle it alone?
How sad that you learned that now, where was you compassion 10 years ago? Read get informed.

First Lady Melania Trump is an example of a smart, strong, graceful and elegant woman. Too bad the press just can’t take it when someone on the right is so fabulous! Thank you for representing our Country in such a gracious and beautiful manner!
lep pozdrav 
Thank you @CincyChildrens! Your research on the #OpioidEpidemic and understanding its effect on babies helps us grow in our awareness of the devastating effects it has on children. Also enjoyed spending time with some of your most inspiring young patients!
Wow So Nic3
Such class & elegance! We're very honored and blessed to have you as our #FLOTUS  Thank you for all you do & for loving our awesome @POTUS! Your support to him doesn't go unnoticed or unappreciated! #God'sFavor #MAGA 
Get back to me when you write your own tweets. #FirstTramp
Classy Lady
She is much better then the last one we had by 110% please keep up the very good work
The truth needs to come out. No matter the consequences, I'm sure Putin has informed you of what's really going on in Syria, please air truth

Get out while you can! #ReleaseTheDemMemo
You are a birther
c
Get out of our lives and do something about your "husband".  Have you no humanity or self respect left inside you?
#WhatIsTrumpHiding

If @rihanna is dating @chrisbrown again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch!


Melania:  I think you are wonderful.  Don;t let the haters bother you.  You bring so much to our White House.
#photoop #fakeflotus #FakePresident #ImpeachTrump #ResistTrump #DotardDonnie
What you are doing about taking the opioid is so very wrong! You are only hurting the people that need them badly!
You are fabulous and love seeing the children interacting with you... ignore the terrible media, they are pathetic kids who never grew up!!!
Thank you for your consistent care for those who most need love.
Beautiful way you love ppl. Thank you for the example you give & the gracious elegance you carry.

Porter's first wife, Colbie Holderness, shared photos of what her face looked like after Porter allegedly punched her while on vacation. #OffScriptOn9 
But people don’t realize how widespread of a problem this is thank you so much for shining a light on this darkness
#FLOTUS thank you for bringing awareness to this my niece and goddaughter is baby born with opioids she’s doing incredible and her mom is 2
GOD BLESS YOU MELANIA!
I never used opioids the hospital used them on me i flipped out i had signed for no drugs was promised it was ok my daughter grew up and loved  opioids she o.d
And died 4 years ago sad and hospitals fault sad sad sad
#slaying
CRIANCAS * SAO O FUTURO *! DE TODAS ! AS NAÇÕES *! PRECISAM DE CARINHO E AMOR !
Oh thank you Melania Trump for looking out for the children this way! Your kind touch I am sure is very reassuring to the little ones.
Instead of different $15,000 outfit each day, take that money and use it for TREATMENT!
PRAYING WON’T CURE THE #OpioidEpidemic!  Put on play clothes and get on the floor and PLAY with the children! More of a clothes model than a REAL mother/woman.  Be a REAL FLOTUS not #armcandy

Do you know about the Skull & Bones?
