If you leave now, your tracks will be covered by the snow in no time. #SaveMelania
Everyday is a snow day at this white house.

Are you hiding in a vent?
Beautiful!
So, you are letting us know it is Stormy there?
Classy and beautiful
Beautiful photo
Snow Day in my hometown: #LaJolla (La-Hoya)
Going next week! Beautiful, beautiful area! I love #california. My sister lived in Escondido for 30 years and when I would visit we would sneak over to La Jolla just to look at the scenery and the amazing landscape and homes. #californiacoast
I’ve never been served hepatitis and been here all my life! It is still as beautiful as ever!   
What she means is it has changed in a way that no one wants to go to Calif anymore. It's not the state it was 30 yrs ago.
Is that what she meant?  You don’t know what she meant. And neither one of you speak for everyone. So before you say “no one”- stay in your own lane. Haven’t you heard? Californians are crazy drivers. 
Everyday's a snow job in the Ape-child Whitehouse!

Who took this photo?

Beautiful
I'm in da Sunshine  zone
Looks like a snow globe 

#Trumpocrisy
هلا
Hope your husband is snowed in! Need a break from the dictator!
Pretty
Stormy.....get it?
Is that what your husband calls a white pornstar orgy?
Her body, her choice.  Or does that only apply to liberals sucking babies out of their uterus’s?
So you’re saying nudity is not a classy form of choice, but genocide is.  Gotcha.
And both are legal, so why are you hating on the FLOTUS?  She has the rights as other women without being degraded by men.
Beautiful
hallo
Hallo too
lgi apain
وعليكم السلام ورحمة الله
بسم الله ماشاء الله 
صباح النور للقلوب الطيبة 
haryati asli dri mna
Maybe you and your family can leave.
Thats actually awesome
A Beautiful sight!
Beautiful White Snow at the Beautiful White House with the Beautiful 1st Family is Awesome #Winning Bigly while #MAGA grows Universally You are the Best 1st Flotus Be Flotus forever Melania :)
Beautiful! Have a great day FLOTUS
Wow.....
@GMA
Cruel. What has she done that you would want to hurt her for sharing a beautiful picture of our White House. Nothing. Shame on you
Looks stormy.
Stormy.... @StormyDaniels 
Nice view
Beautiful
You're being snowed alright. How many more women who fucked -- and were fucked over -- by your husband need to come forward? #fuckingmoron
How many boy toys did Obama enjoy?
zero you stupid motherfucker
I have a right to accuse your guy of bullshit too motherfucker.
Except your boy's bullshit is true. Just wait, dumbfuck.
Nobody cares if Trump had sex with somebody. Melania knew what she was getting into. You're the dumb fuck who would condemn one man's dalliances but excuse another's; Because identity politics, you know. Good luck understanding what I just said.
condemning only one because one is true and one is not. Also, violating campaign finance law is a serious crime. Stupid ass
The snow is so beautiful

Beautiful!  Makes it look peaceful!
Reminds me of a snowy day in #Russia... #sistercities -#twincities #looksalittlestormy #congratulationsonyoursnow
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY IS A DISGRACE TO ALL OF AMERICA. THE LIES, CORRUPTION, MANIPULATION OF THE DNC AS WELL AS EVERY DEM VOTER, BRIBERY, EVEN DEATH FOLLOWS THOSE. DO YOU NOT SEE THE TRUTH RIGHT BEFORE YOUR EYES!
Best 

First Lady 

Ever 

#MAGA
Woooohooooo
 Where??? Awe u mean because she's White right? Baaaaabbbbbbyyyyyyyy Michelle Obama Prime Rib, she's bologna! I DON'T have anything against her, i think she's ok its her husband
You mean Michael which is a man
Nope I will leave it all to you since your such a expert
Perhaps when you were growing up you never learned any manners was raised by a dog pack who knows. You have the manners of a animal that licks it's own hind end. But u silly jackle ur inept ability to communicate effectively is not special but boring.Go find a dog bone to naw on
So beautiful. You’re our snow angel 
#StupidTrumptards
;-)
I love Snow! The White House looks SO beautiful in white. Thank you for sharing. We thank God for you in your great service as our 1st Lady. Praying God’s Blessing upon you and yours 
Literally what has she done besides hide?
Is your husband ordering out? #stormy
It’s “stormy”
Ask @realDonaldTrump about his #GoldenShower days.
I'm glad I live in the "Sun Belt" .. I get cold just looking at that picture! I like it warm & Sunny.
#BREAKING

FYI Melania:

"Charity begins at home."
"People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones."

Get your own house in order or pick another lane.

Beautiful picture!
We love you and are profoundly proud to have you as our @flotus!

Pretty
also with me
snow as in we've been snowed!
Breaking News...the German Shepherd would like to apologize to Donald Trump. He feels really bad! “What can you say except I’m sorry?” he barked. 
you’re a disgusting human for posting that but then again God has already revealed that to you but you sin anyway
Beautiful picture.
Thank you!
So what are you doing on bullying? We haven’t seen anything in 15 months what are you doing?????
What are YOU doing?
Standing up for democracy and involved in local politics AND YOU
Beautiful picture of global warming.
Oh How Beautimis!!!! Wish momma and I were there!!!!!
Reminds me of a wedding cake. It's so perfect.
.Snow Day Mrs Melania Trump and White House United
BOTOX DAY
Please all I am asking is that you please look at the entire case file start to finish. If you are just cause for them to have kidnapped my offspring, I'll leave you alone
Beautiful. Your pure like that Melania. Mahalo for sharing. Praying for God's will be done.
Quite beautiful
Perhaps a good day to teach Donald about being a responsible digital citizen.
I bet you are perfect !
Beautiful
Beautiful scenery,  but some may dismiss and say, darn, I have to shovel this!  I choose the beauty!  Thanks @FLOTUS Nice! 
In Birmingham this is a snow day. May God bless you awesomely today!
You knew what you signed up for
Gosh its like having a good friend just snap a "whats happening pic" and sending it to you!! thank you for being a genuine friend Melania! I'm in Calif. So glad your Super man got here!

Love you too
Beautiful picture. It was nice having the day off from school.

60 Minutes' interview with Stormy Daniels will be broadcast Sunday. The adult-film star and director describes the affair she says she had with Donald Trump in her first television interview about the alleged…
GOD BLESS AMERICA
Divorce your husband. He is a bully and a cheater.  He deserves to be left for what he has done.  He has made you look like a fool.  He needs to face consequences for cheating.
Please help us by getting rid of our cyber bullying President.
Historic photogragh
Enjoy the snow and ignore the snowflakes. Haters gonna hate. Your time is to important to waste on them. Let us deal with them. Peace. #MAGA
Nice looking
Please look at the  $2000 cap for Social Security SSI that hasn't been updated with inflation for the past 20 years
Bad intention lots of times for years.Who can believe what will happened to you with them ? They want to Kill you by accident ? @CLEARIndonesia
Lovely, just like you. Thank you FLOTUS.
Poor Melania. Having had a used dirty dick. 2 of them. She really act's like a true Lady.
Beautiful. I'm very proud of my first lady.  God Bless you!
Like she created snow or something 
Thank you for sharing your snow day with us
Beautiful photos thank you Mrs Trump
Indeed !!
Poleni sana
Honey divorce the pig . It’s perfect timing. Iam sure you don’t want that blob on top of you
Nice picture
Love it!!
Beautiful picture. Now with our president the White House it is really house with dignity
Great picture!  I also like how you got the Hay Adams in the back.  I am sure they would love to see this picture.

Fresh snow gives a feeling of peace and tranquility. Easy for me to say, I live in Phoenix, AZ. However, the photograph is beautiful. Happy spring. God bless our great county and it's leaders.
You Should Go Make a Snow Angel & Take a Pic
The entire family is whacked . Poor Barron.
My kids get more done on a snow day than your husband has in a year.
Spring is here but we are seeing old man wintwr hanging on longer than most of us would like. So here is a glimpse how our afternoons and evenings look in the Treasure state
Happy Birthday to Barron! He's a fine young boy!
Thanks for sharing this - a look we do not get to see often from this vantage point.
Soon to be BLUE
I would love to know what that tweet meant...
It likely means she is a moron and follows whatever talking points political hacks on CNN, MSNBC and etc... fill her head with. Good evening than!
And this is why I love the South.
Hell has frozen over.
What do no about this Hogan.
Beautiful 
We love and support you and the Don. Enjoy 
wow so beautiful thanks for sharing!

You are definitely the most classy lady the Whitehouse has ever had. There is nothing better than projecting LOVE

Pretty
America’s first family.  So very proud.  Evangelicals give everyone a pass.

sorry but this is so funny, I had to laff & pass it on!  I feel sorry for her  she is one unhappy Pol or wherever she came from.
.so sorry  .God bless you in  Jésus name
WOW
How beautiful!  I love the pics you send out, & the pics from the daily W.H. newsletter which I receive in my inbox every day, Mrs.Trump!  God bless all of you!
Nice picture ,
Melania you know what Putin has on your husband, nobody knows more about the very dark side of Trump more than you, in fact you most likely have a book deal on what your going to spill on him sooner or later.
Beautiful.  I do miss the four seasons here in South Carolina.
Nice
You are a breath of fresh air! Much love to you .. and Baron!
That’s a whole lot of global warming!
We love you so much First lady best ever
Meanwhile in Puerto Rico...
Wow... 
beautiful picture...
But makes me feel cold all the way from here...lol
Hope everyone across America had a great day.
#MAGA
Heavenly,thanks my lady.
Mrs first lady tell your husband to stop sending family apart..its unhuman act..i believed  there is bad and good people and those  that are threat to should be deported we all came as immigrants..stop this please.
Is that code for coke delivery for your husband?
By the way, I’m behind you 100% on the whole bullying thing. Too bad a few of them on that stupid show the view are not!
Hang in there and stay strong. We’re all appreciate more then you’ll ever know what you’re doing!
Just plain beautiful. Now watch the left make something bad about this picture.
Snow day in  Yokohama Japan too
First day of spring in Yokohama Japan,but it’s snowing!!!
Very handsome!
It's Heavenly no wonder for a heavenly First Lady.
Ya, soft porn models are super heavenly
You are a classy lady, Mrs. Trump!
Porn star tv tonight popcorn ready u watching

Wonderful photo! May I ask who took photo?
I bet stormy is into snow blowing and Donnie likes it.
Looks like home
Oh no!  Ru you trapped inside the house with your husband? How awful.
Families are being ripped apart for federal grant incentives and bonuses for adopting children out instead of reuniting the family.
Beautiful picture Mrs President!!
Nice :)

snow is very marvelous experiences for us.
Well spotted.
https://youtu.be/eWvBRmWbqcc  mastic resin is the answer to helicobacter pylori. Holy crap. PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID HE IS A GENUS
Please tell your husband NOT to sign this budget, you have to get the wall and get rid of planned parenthood and sanctuary cities, please. This is against all he campaigned on and rallies on. He knows better, let them shut down the gov. & stand up for what we all want
Beautiful 
Yikes!
Stay strong! Praying for you and your family!
It place looks so dead. The snow is beautiful.
So beautiful picture
Thanks...

Beautiful! Thank you for sharing.

love it
I agree, best First Lady a class act!
lmao nude pics, pornstar oh my we could go on and on   so classy
Beautiful just like you!
Please stop worrying about the snow and read my 2 tweets on 3-22-18. I AM NOT JUST ASKING. I AM BEGGING. Please.
#StormyDaniels
Is this the room trump locks you in while he fucks porn stars #StormyDaniels
Beautiful picture First Lady Melania Trump
Proud of you @MrsVanessaTrump
Thank you for all you do as First Lady !
#StormyDay
Snow day, VERY clever, VERY creative! I bet that comment took you WEEKS to come up with! 
