Thank you for being so caring FLOTUS We love you
You have no integrity or whatsoever. Trump betrayed us. He said during his campaign that he would NOT bomb foreign countries illegally and that's what he's exactly doing. Bombing Syria does not serve our interests. It does serve Israel's interests. Stop worshiping Trump.
This was legal by international law that Assad broke.
Do you know for sure that a chemical attack occured? If yes, are you absolutely certain that Assad was the instigator? Knowing that he had no peculiar reason for doing it.
Not only did he have no reason, he had no chemical weapons. They were all removed on US vessel the Cape Ray 2013/14 & Assad himself said it would be immoral to use them anyway. It's a frame by Western-backed rebels to keep US in Syria for KSA and Israel's interests #SyriaStrike
Supposedly the ones removed were the declared weapons. How many were not declared. And Assad saying it was imoral to use them. Well I have a bridge to sell u.
Dear Barbara, do you not question why it's okay to use cw on Yemeni & Palestinian children, but a very obvious false flag-when Assad was winning & had nothing to gain-is met with bombs before OPCW can investigate? US loved Assad until Saudi said to get rid of him #SyriaStrike
I know we don't need chemical weapons. so we got rid of 1 scientific research center & 2 chemical storage facilities.
Did Michael Cohen also pay you hush money to not express the outrage that your husband is a CHEATER!?  Run girl. Run.
Must be hard to be humble when you attack the first lady.... That in itself is a sin....all of us have sinned and will all stand before God...God sees all sin the same...so you are no less a sinner than Trump...
... the crazies are out today... LoL
this actually wasn't about our safety, it was about Syria. and tbh we didn't really do anything.
So taking out their chemical warfare capabilities is nothing? It was about the Syrian peoples safety which is why the French and UK helped. Is that hard to figure out?
It was a strike that damaged facilities but they were prewarned so a lot of gear and all the people were evacuated. Assad’s chemical weapons are atrocious but the majority of his regime kills people via traditional methods. This hasn’t stopped anything.
The major equipment that makes the chemicals could not be moved and that is what we destroyed, his ability to produce more.
Keep telling yourself that. LOL. They were warned.
Exactly, which is why they had vehicles out right after playing nationalists songs, rubbing it in our face that our attack was ineffective. Real attacks, we don't warn someone first, we strike. He doesn't know how to lead the military though. 
And you do, Heather? Lol. You're a Democrat that supported Hillary and Barak. You don't know shit, but if you want some basic knowledge before you speak then join the military which is 80% Republican. That's why Democrats fight to not count their votes and pander to illegals
Trump is a Russian traitor. Remember when @GOP thought Obama was too soft on Russia. Now Russia is our friend and we warn them before we strike their allies. Read Trump’s old tweets. He is doing exactly what he said Obama shouldn’t do. At least Dems aren’t traitors.
Awe .. your a fantastic First Lady , role model to all women
Yes girls. Grow up (hopefully pretty) get some surgery, take some nudes and hopefully you can marry a billionaire. Quite a role model
Hahaha Jim's upset that POTUS has a beautiful woman due to his money and Jim has a Hillary look a like who is blind...lol.
Couldn’t care less actually. More commenting about the hypocrisy of people that shamed Michelle Obama for a sleeveless top but ok with bottomless and topless ms trump.
Maybe the #cyberbullying campaign is not working for you.  You should stick with an area that you are more familiar with....Adultery
How dare you say that to her also last time I checked adultry isn’t against the law
Neither is speaking your mind, First Amendment. Don't be a "Snowflake" about it
I know what our first amendment is and don’t ever call me or anyone else a snowflake again
Fineee, Rainbow sunshine fairy
Don’t call me any of those inless by rainbow you mean I shine . Rainbow is offense because you might as well call someone gay bi or trans which I am  none of those things
So now you are calling rainbows gay? I might be offended, I can report you now for targeted harassment on the #LBGT community, see how that sounds
No I was saying the symbol of a rainbow represents that community and not that it’s any of your business but my sister is Bi and I couldn’t care less that she is it doesn’t change how I feel about her . I have friends that are gay i love them anyways
Thank you in behalf of my young recruit who has just joined the Air Force 
That’s great!! Tell him I’m proud of him!
He leaves for Lackland AF Base next Tuesday proud/sad at the same time..
Wasn’t he just 10? Where did the time go?
yep...seems like he just graduated 8th grade and started High School...geee whiz time flew by so damn fast....
Yes it did! I feel old!
I raised my 2 had to let them go...my son and his ex just couldn't get it right so I raised my grandson and have to let yet another one go..I am DONE lol I can't go through empty nest anymore..!!!
Get some chickens. Worked for me !
@ABC @BBC @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump

Keep providing strong positive leadership...

America loves their beautiful intelligent First Lady.

#Melania #FirstLady #America

URINE Big trouble in your marriage. Focus on leaving him, then we'll consider listening.
But we have homeless veterans on the street, cold ? Fuck you too

Plz Flotus pay no mind to these people . Stand by your man.I am praying as well as millions of others
Thank you @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP  we love and appreciate you so so much!!! Your kindness and compassion is contagious!! Thank you for being you!!
Didn’t know it was photo time...
Must be so proud having an ex porn star as the First Lady.
You knuckle-draggers set the standard of "decency" and decided who was and was not moral. We are just trying to appease you hypocrites is all.
Excuse me I’m trying to eat dinner
Thank you for your service & kindnesses. You are adorable.

Thank you to our @POTUS too. He was cautious to send them and waited for intelligence to target the chemical weapon plants.
I never thought I would say this I am glad I backed trump and not Hilary . Thank you to the trumps for all you guys do for not only our country but countless others it doesn’t go unnnoticed or unappreciated
Yeah, he lies and cheats on his wives, yes all 3 of them. A fine example for our youth
your husband is a pussy grabbing piece of shit
@FLOTUS  Thank you for your service to our country. It's refreshing to have beauty grace and intelligence back in the White House.
By the way Melania your a better dresser then Michelle by a long Shot but just so you know powder blue doesn’t look that great on you
A) it’s “you’re”, B) placing women’s value on the way they dress is demeaning to our gender
And I am not putting anyone’s value based on how they dress not even close and I’m a woman
I will share this with my son, a US Marine.  Thank you for your kind words.
Someone writes the twits for her. Don't be fooled.

That is sick. Shame on you Latherland.

Quit jacking off to Melania pics...
We The People adore our family in the WH...the lies will continue to try and ruin your family...stay strong as usual we got this!!!
Lies lies the fbi is spreading lies about trump and I’m not gonna give them satifisfsction by believeing their nonsense . I want to know what law he supposedly broke because funny how not one person has said what law it is
Why didn't you come to Winnie mandela's funeral?
Why go to Abusive Winnie Mandela’s funeral? I would bet the people that she had placed inside old tires and burned didn’t go to the funeral either.
The question was not addressed to you kindly keep your opinion for yourself.
Insert a link to the Syrian news with translation options  in this tweet ?

War never being the answer to any problem as far as human history shows
So you wish the whole world spoke German like Hitler wanted?
Yet you can't even stand up to one cyber bully, your husband
Trump isn’t a cyber bully by any means he just speaks his mind like any normal person does
Are you even reading his tweets? He's not a bully? You are ridiculous if you think he is not. No one on Twitter talks like he does. Especially someone in power.
They don't read
I have been reading since I was 3 yeah I was advanced for a 3 year old I don’t see any of his tweets as bullying let alone harassment


Reallyshhhhhh
Ma’am, Question would @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Have @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump Serve in the Military??? It is a Yes or NO Quesion Ma’am
They likely have inherited the bone spurs from their father, so no.
Well some of Us have blood in Military and in Combat and there are some of Un able to serve
Weird she follows obama

Fact a lot of veterans have nothing, that's why we have all these other programs. The government has let them down for years and still doing it! Words don't mean anything with out action plain and simple !! MONEY being spent on all the wrong things don't care government!!!!
Thank you mrs. First lady. God bless you, and the president 4 the sacrifices you both suffer for this nation. Thank you so much.

courageous? don't see what's courageous about sending missiles from thousands of miles away illegally, at any rate it means it can be done to us too, so it puts us in jeopardy.  You're talking from your arse lady.

@LilyTomlin invites you to join @paulscheer @CraigyFerg @MsJuneDiane @caseyrosewilson @WhitneyCummings for WAIT WAIT DONT KILL ME 2 to raise money for #AnimalRescue April 27 at @thebroadstage Tickets…
I've RT'd this several times already and shared on other sites.
How come your idiot “husband” dodged the draft FIVE times with FAKE owies on his feetsies and your pathetic stepsons never served??

Said Mrs. Cadet McBonespur.
Thank you to the second most wonderful woman in this world (after my wife!) You are everything we need to MAGA
Thank you for just being yourself , God's gift to our great country ,, God bless you and yours....!


Thank you for your kind and positive words 
Thank you for thanking the Troops in other countries they deserve to be recognized too
After they were warned by trump. Nothing accomplished
If trump hadn’t warned the left would cry why didn’t he warn so the children could stay away. He’s an animal! There is no way to satisfy left wing nuts
And a big, BIG “Thank You!” To President Trump for having the COURAGE and WILL to do what needs to be done!
That’s a classy First Lady it has been a long time@since we had one of those.
Thank you for being our FLOTUS, for the grace you bring to the White House and for the hard work you do every day. God Bless!
Our distinguished FLOTUS speaks for an entire grateful nation!
Love your compassionate thoughts and words.   Proud to have our daughter serving.  She left tonight for 3 years over seas base deployment. 

#F22proud
Amen  God bless you First Lady Melania
Please excuse the thread on your tweet for it has gone completely off track of your very thoughtful statement to our Troops.
From an old solder . Thank you. You are a remarkable woman . Stay strong .
Kind words FLOTUS. God bless you the POTUS and your family.
Thank you Melania for your sacrifices as well. MAGA
Guess you’ve never been to the VA before because we are constantly forgotten
My husband (and I) served in the Navy for 20 years.  We love you too Melania!!
strong US military All world and good work
Thank You Melania for being such an Outstanding First Lady. God Go With You.
The real danger to this country is @realDonaldTrump . Would that he had the decency to #resign .
Wish you had the decency to respect the most powerful man in the world.
As Americans we are divinely blessed to have such a beautiful, elegant, intellectual and God-fearing @FLOTUS !
We honor & thank you #Military men women & families with the fullness of our  for all that you do and endure
Amen 
thank you for thanking them great job for all
WE LOVE YOU , PLEASE BE PATIENT WE ALL KNOW YOU ARE THE BEST
Ma'am, Thank you for your service and everything you do for America!!! We love our First Lady!! Thank you for encouraging all of the hard work in your family! The First Family is a blessing to America.
Thank you for your prayers
This was Michelle Obama’s passion. She also was passionate about childhood obesity. You should take up bullying starting with that husband of yours. School bullying is a challenge you should take on.
First Lady: Mrs. Melania Trump: Good morning Mrs. Trump. "I truly agree with you" "Have a wonderful day"
I can see where @POTUS gets his strength.thank you
Hi!IfYouWantSomethingGoGetitPeriod.
Happy Up coming Birthday Melania! Thank you for all you do!!!
God bless you and God bless your family and this great country we call home, 
Thank you! Thank you for your dignity and grace in the face of so much hatred. Thank you for loving and supporting our President! 
Good post FLOTUS. I stand with you.
D.eferred    D.isplaying
R.eality       O.utrageous 
A.waits       D.isorderly
F.elonious  G.randeur
T.rump        E.gregiously
                    R.ank
Just like Hillary's husband, hypocrite.
That's why I like America's Country.
Thanks for their services.
Clemens Stoll from germany. 
Millions of our patriots stand with you and by you remember that
Your sacrifice for the call of duty is much appreciated
Our military?  Your military is in Russia,.  
really? Thanking the military for keeping the super-wealthy rich, what is wrong with you?
Certainly they do deserve aplaus world over for their great aptitude to accept & accomplish even the Risky challenges as such.
Hi Melania please help. #whitegenocide in SA! We are being silenced here. @Lauren_Southern
Melania you’re a beautiful classy First Lady who get little credit for good things you do behind the scenes for the good of our country . You don’t need photo ops to make your presence known.  Rise above the Naysayers most wont invest time learning languages you fluently speak .
DONALD TRUMP IS THE BEST PRESIDENT EVER AND MELANIA TRUMP IS THE MOST GORGEOUS 1ST LADY EVER
Melania, you're a gem. And thank you!
You are a strong and beautiful woman
Our safety? No. The safety of Israel. We are bombing a sovereign country to serve them. Israel first, that's Trump's policy.
Please go back to where ever your mother land is!
You first.
I’m a red blooded American old buddy, red white and blue
What's your country of origin?
United States
Your statement is absurd. Are you Irish?
Mrs Trump, I'm sorry to say but you're very wrong in this sentiment. Nice thought but so wrong. American VETERANS are considered a waste of resources & expendable by Congressional leaders. As sad it as it is, this has been true from Vietnam w/Agent Orange to present day policies.
Yea right. I'm so sick of this shit. My back condition is gone from bad to worse. I'm in so much pain every day and every night. I'm gaining weight because of the Vicodin. It's so bad for my liver also.  There's nothing I can claim
Mrs Trump, if you want to protect your husband, President Trump, as I do from history, please watch this 4 minute video. PLEASE.

The two of you have the power to save millions of VETERANS & Americans from a slow & torturous death. 
https://youtu.be/MTKY2ldEt8c 

Semper Fi 
Okay great job to the one writer of this statement as we all know Mrs. Trump would never be able put this all together in this English
This is the United States of America and we are all intitled to our beliefs & freedom of speech. A question for u though no offense meant did u know Mrs. Trump back when she well used her body to beyond a lady . Where & what education does she have Trump Univ
Thank you First Lady. and the President. Thats my Guy.. He saved NY VETS from Shady Shulkin.and Sue Malley in NY VA REGIONAL. HORRIFIC CRIMES AGAINST THE VETERAN'S and FAMILIES.  Sue Malley time will come..Shes put many VET'S in the Street of NY. Almost a Victim myself.
By almost a victim i mean she has established the VA NY REGIONAL as a Adversarial Agency against VET'S to TAKE and PREVENT us from getting BENEFITS. EMD(EVIDENCE OF MASS DESTRUCTION) AGAINST AND MOST NEWS  MAJOR STATIONS in NY AND PAPERS were sent PROOF. Its out there. SHE DIRTY
Nice sentiment from an entire family which has, clearly, never supported, in any way, the American military.
Are Military and First Responder the ONLY people you think deserve Thanks? Change the script.
She can't she didn't write it. She really doesn't know what she's talking about.
What doesn't go unnoticed is your POS husband being the greatest threat to the safety of our nation.  It is not appreciated.  Did you recognize the guy in Stormy's sketch?
Koliko pare i moc promene coveka da izgubi ljudskost... Sram te bilo 
The UK Air Forces have dropped bombs in Syria overnight on behalf of ISIS. 
That’s the same ISIS that we’re dropping bombs on in Iraq.
Isis has to go they really do I shouldn’t have to live in constant fear of them
Thank you @StormyDaniels. Your continued contributions & commitment to the safety of our great nation will never go unnoticed or unappreciated.
THANK YOU Melania Trump for your loving dedication to our country and unceasing commitment to our great military! We love you! God has fitted you for this task, and you are fulfilling it BEAUTIFULLY! God bless you always!
Pushing back against the nonsense. Standing ground non apologetically. So many waste time with words, actions speak louder, and actually address problem. Go ahead! Make our day! They threaten Civil War. Many of us are ready to Fight!
#MAGA #QAnon #Syria #Trump #Assad
Don't give them What they want. They want You Divided. Show them some Love.

Not this Time. Everything is under Control. Sit back and Enjoy the Show.
No Deals.
Except by @POTUS -only appreciates himself. FAIL!
#RebuildDemocracy
