Hi
We are so BLESSED @FLOTUS to have you there. ♡ GOD BLESS YOU.
You are a lovely first lady and looking better every day.  A lot of the people in this country are proud of your poise, grace and elegance.  Happy about your work with and for children and others.  Brains, beauty and strength are yours Melania!

She settled in real well, didn't she. So proud of her!
If you just want to smile ..watch the short clip..
This is late so you may never know, but you looked stunning and so well posed as First Lady during the State of the union address. Having lived through the criticisms of so many first ladies, I think you have done the best since Barbara Bush. Keep up the excellent work!
CALLING ALL TRUMP SUPPORTERS - STAND TALL, STAND STRONG, REMAIN RESOLUTE, BE PATIENT HAVE FAITH - GOD IS ON OUR SIDE - DONALD TRUMP IS PRESIDENT BUT THERE IS STILL MUCH WORK TO BE DONE - TO RENEW YOUR FAITH- Read "TRUMP KEEPING THE DREAM ALIVE" & RT
Something or someone keeps undoing all my retweets and likes of the first lady and the president or anything to do with their Administration this is bologna and it should be stopped
Buena fotografía. Me gusta
Te felicitaciones.


@POTUS
An immigrant took Michelle s job .....BUILD THE WALL!!
Beautiful First Lady we Love your 
We are so glad to have a lovely FLOTUS, a 
Gracious, real women, quiet, speaks truth
Not screaming volgar nonsense. Thank God for her and son Baron! 



Sad!

You are so beautiful, and a very gracious woman. I don't understand why everyone responds to this with such hatefulness. God Bless you, and all that you do.
http://aprilhawrys.my.tupperware.com/ 
You are a beautiful lady Melania Trump .. inside and out.

This is what happens when the @FLOTUS First Lady is the least educated  and least qualified woman to ever serve in that position.  Her only  credentials are as a NUDE MODEL and PAID ESCORT - we should just be  thankful she shows up to functions with clothes on!!!
AND SUCH LOVELY DESIGNER CLOTHES TOO...I ADMIRE THAT SHE HAS LEARNED 5 LANGUAGES AND HER EXCELLENT CHOICE OF MEN...JEALOUS, EH? SO CATTY...MEOW!  bitterness eats you away...
@FLOTUS
Wow Melania, you managed to keep all your clothes on for the photo op. Great progress!!
Like you give TWO SHITS.


Makes 2 affairs so far... will there be a 3rd?
Two consenting adults


Did everyone notice that the rirst lady seems to show more and more dislike for the president.

I’ve been watching Homeland, and I find myself wondering one thing: Melania, are you a spy or working for a foreign government? I figure Donald Trump would be an easy asset to manipulate.
@OJnaitis
God bless you.
All white people.


Backed into a corner and facing FEC complaint, Michael Cohen finally admits $130K payment to Stormy Daniels. But says it was out of his own pocket, and won’t explain why payment was made. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/13/us/politics/stormy-daniels-michael-cohen-trump.html …
May wanna ask the hubby why his lawyer admits now to paying Stormy Daniels? Alot of lawyers pay strippers and porn stars out of thier own pocket...perfectly reasonable. P.S. do you have a security clearance?

.@zbleumoon "When scientists say bears are going extinct, I want people to realize what it looks like," says photographer Paul Nicklen 
Looking forward to this episode of Black Mirror to be over. It's been terrifying! Sick of Donald - aren't most of us?

BREAKING Stormy Daniels says SHE is the real First Lady
if this were Justin Trudeau and the millions of people who take selfies with him...well
this is just a photo at a golf club in 2005 2other women supposedly had affairs with him the same day...where's the real evidence?
I got a story about a cheating puppet oh I mean President that dont know how to run a country and a first lady that cant speak the language of the country her husband runs! Just saying
Was Stormy Daniels there? What about the husband who screwed him while you were nursing Baron and struggling to get the weight off per your prenuptial agreement? You do know that is not normal in this country! Your an immigrant maybe you should be a bit more concerned with DACA?
She is a great

Well done!  Avoid thd toxicity of the orang man.
Don't worry dear.  Keep hope alive.  You'll be independently wealthy one day because there are millions waiting to hear your REAL truth when you finally escape.
men are such easy targets - crazy women at work make me ashamed to be a woman. Who really cares about her 'truth'?...minds in the ditch...
referring to Stormy Daniels tweet...
You looked truly lovely in your white pantsuit. 
Still with the guy that is an admitted sexual abuser and supports physical abusers?  Wow how sad for you and Barron.
We wish you well and hope for your freedom soon.
Love you 1st lady!!!
!!!
Let's hear your incredible story Melania.
What's it like being used as a prop to bolster a dysfunctional old man who has little grasp of reality?
#USAWELOVEAPARADE
MELAINIA, PLEASE: STOP ALL THE ILLEGAL FORECLOSURES ALL OVER OUR COUNTRY!!  GOOD PEOPLE ARE HAVING THEIR LIVES RUINED BY THESE CROOKS!! PLEASE!
Nice
Get rid of Donald.  You do not need him.

Porter's first wife, Colbie Holderness, shared photos of what her face looked like after Porter allegedly punched her while on vacation. #OffScriptOn9 
Love you, you are so classy.  Thank god for you and President Trump

#iourfirstlady

You're such a wonderful person Mrs Trump.  Glad to have such a humble First Lady!
We love you MELANIA !  USA & all Western World proud to have you as First Lady in your style elegance intelligence grace & every women in earth deserve to be! You re real Princesse!
Pthe world feels sorry for her . It's gotta be hard to live with an adulterer.
God Bless the Trumps.
I am certain they were honored to be with you! You are very gracious and such great role model and First Lady. Thank You!
best speech ever! Thank you for your excellent support!
Carol Botelho
You have brought Class and dignity back to the White House! Love our First Lady! He that has found a wife has found a good thing.

You are always so beautiful and graceful. A wonderful inspiration to our great country

Blink twice if you are being held against your will
COMPLICIT
Go watch Pastor Kim Clement prophecy from the year 2007, even an atheist would be amazed.
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/melania-trump-first-lady-deportation-priority-donald-immigration-rules-modelling-work-visa-us-a7597221.html … @realDonaldTrump
Can’t even imagine the inner turmoil you’re having, yet you maintain your composure.  Take your time and figure out your next move.  Is this how you want to spend your life?
already a loser
president's wife looks pathetic in high heeled shoes
Looked pretty Stormy to the rest of us.
You looked beautiful & I was holding my breath with anticipation that at any minute you’d stand up and tell him to shut up & stop lying to American People. You will be a True Heroine to EVERYONE in the WORLD Melania  Please leave him & #TellTheTruth
Nice...
thank you for you and President Trump's dedication to our country!  My son-in-law is coming home from deployment soon and we are all ready to see him!  My daughter and my grands will be glad when he is home.  I thank God everyday for your family.
Thank you for your service as a military family. May God bless your son with peace, health and a solid position in the workforce upon his return.  Nana
Wonderful to have a pretty woman as the First Lady, with such grace too.
Blessings!!!  Your husband is absolutely amazing. Thank you for supporting him so wonderfully!
Donald Trump See It this is tribal Area people. People said the house was of the "#GoodTaliban who have killed a local man, Idress Wazir". Death to Good Taliban,
Tribal pukhtun is not a terrorist But Media And Government Shows Us Terrorist
In Pakistan
It is good to be surrounded by wonderful group of people because you learn more and grow wise
1. Rohinga is getting world attention because they are Muslims 
2,Bosnia,Kosovo,Albania became independent because they are Muslim 
USA & Isreal owe it to Biafra as a moral duty to protect it from Islamic persecution,support Biafra the same way OIC support Islamic Arewa Nigeria.

JoeyAces, just more hogwash in the mistaken belief that screaming loudly will rescue the anti trumpers from the IRREFUTABLE EVIDENCE that they are GUILTY OF HACKING THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION. @POTUS @FLOTUS
Lovely white outfit. Standing with the women's march are you?
Anyone standing with the women's march lacks intelligence. 
@FLOTUS is intelligent, so no.
We love you
From The Anderson’s
Where were the prostitutes kept during the State of the Union? Did anyone have college stories of your husband assaulting young women? Does it like it rough or gentle. I mean his prostitutes?
We need to here from you. This country is interested in your private struggle and I’m sure we can’t even imagine what you have to endure. #resist
another demonrat who has lost his soul 
living in Clinton Obama AI reality all of his own...
You are a wonderful and gracious First Lady and Hostess. Indeed, America loves you!
So you can't compete with a hooker? Understand the President often prefers prostitutes over you. Sorry about that but you should have thought of that when you broke up his last marriage. To bad about the kid.
I’m sorry you have to be married to Trump
I am sure she does not "have" to be married to Trump.
America is not Saudi Arabia or other backward shitholes.
Oh Melania.  U r so beautiful and respectful.  Why do you stay with that man? You could have anyone. U deserve so much more.
Do you know why she was wearing a white pant suit like Clinton? I have a feeling she will be the person to throw you under the bus. Haha
We love you dearly beautiful lady 
 #MAGA #FLOTUS #beautiful
how does it feel to be cheated on by Trump? Stormy Daniels.



Hey, don't show photos of my sister.

@potus @realDonaldTrump  All you need to do Melania is get rid of the “Cheater” Trump. Dump Trump!  He’s a loser1
Είμαστε χαρούμενοι που είσαστε κοντά μας να μη στεναχωρήσται  για ότι λένε γεια σας έχουνε σκάψει για πολλά χρόνια το έδαφος να μη χάσουν την πολυθρόνα που καθόντουσαν Προχωρήστε στο έργο  που έρχεται χαράξη
@tempteststorm2 Thank You for all you do.
What has she done?
Why are you following Barack Obama????
Hey cutie.
The best First Lady
how does she feel about Stormy Daniels?
SOTU-U seemed unhappy with husband, yet U go to Mar a Lago w/him. What legacy do u want to leave your son...Trophy Wife, Worst FLOTUS, silent on ur husband's behavior. Or woman w/strength & convictions for what is right.  Dump Trump & reclaim dignity/respect.
Go back to bed and try again later.
Each one was a little spark of hope for the country and her people. Cory was proud of his work, Ryan H. and wife were proud of Hope!
It would have been nice to see you there with your son!
Every time you get to go arm and arm with a handsome Marine , you are smiles ear to ear.....it’s very becoming of youyou do you Melania :)
Beautiful inside and out. America is blessed to have you as OUR First Lady. 
You are an amazing woman! I am so proud to have a FLOTUS with such class and grace. #MAGA May god bless you our POTUS and the USA
She must have a prenuptial with Trump..sad. To put up will his B.S.
Please show husband  too pay Moore attention, people will like you better.
Hop is so cute

And your anti cyber bullying campaign in the trash because your hubby is the biggest ever cyber bully. Respect America. Respect the presidency. Just walk. The stock market was the only thing keeping him there and that is now tanking. Go take a holiday....you have earned it!
Good job Molinia trump so beautiful group of people you have
Molinia??? are u a Russian bot?
Lovely
Who a Ho.
I love that pantsuit. So incredibly sophisticated.
#RussianSanctions
#RussianSanctions
#RussianSanctions
#RussianSanctions
#RussianSanctions
#RussianSanctions
#RussianSanctions
#RussianSanctions
#RussianSanctions
wow
To bad you hate your husband so much you try to spend most your time away from him. I've never ever seen first lady avoid he husband as much as you do. I understand you just in it for the money hat off to you. High price hooker more like it not first lady
We are so very proud of you Melania!
Come to Ireland, we'll hide you!!
Did you meet these jokesters
#StopAfrinGenocide


Your nod to Hillary Clinton by wearing a pantsuit was a powerful statement, as was your nod to the Suffragettes by the wearing of white. Kudos to you.

Disgusting to put this here.
That's why he did it. Psychological warfare. Just block. Pray for Melania and her family. I Kings 18. God will show the nation that He alone is God.

Do you support lgbt?
