Melania,
HANG IN THERE, THIS WILL PASS SOON 
#STORMY
Nice when are you gonna take all his money and leave hun?

Good pic.
Great picture! Very photogenic
Gear couple
Great Couple
What a sight to see!! My President! You are just gorgeous and a class act Melania! #MAGA 
You need to watch something besides Fox News.
Excellent
Very nice looking couple ! Thanks for representing our country like a man!
LOL,  nice obelisk Donnie
Absolutely beautiful
True joy comes from the brain and heart.the head is the person.wisdom is in him.understanding  has brought him.knowledge rules for him.discretion bears all
#SPANKIE #STORMY #MAGA Leave
Please don't let jealous people get you down. You are both wonderful people and I am proud to have you as our President and First Lady.  If you were not on the right track then people would be silent like they were the past 8 yrs. But you are doing good that's why they retaliate
Well said, Violet
I find also that Melania Trump is a very pretty, smart and  classy First Lady.  
Smart??? She doesn't speak English clearly!!  Repeats the same shit over and over.
And exactly HOW MANY languages do YOU speak?   Melania speaks five fluently!   So what if she has an accent!!!!
If U were worth 5 BILLION f()#king dollers , I’m sure U would have made a mistake or 2, and I choosr to believe ALL is for the good!!!
I hear you're doing well
Thank you for representing our country as our First Lady. I am very proud of the job that President Trump and you are doing.
What is she doing? She’s literally done nothing as First Lady. Nothing at all.
Slut
Fucking pussy
Nice volcano
Nice skeleton skin
Nice subway
Great i had one yesterday
Great
Love this picture. Such a beautiful couple. Thank you, to both of you for standing up for our country and veterans. Thank you for making America great, again. God bless you, always.
Have you no pride or self respect @flotus ???

Asking for a nation.
This may be an unpopular opinion, but I don't care about adultery - that's a personal issue between parties in a relationship. I feel like harping on this makes us no better than evangelicals. Focus on their job performance, or lack thereof.
this means that he is a cheater and he lies. as POTUS, they are also measured by their family values and honesty. if he shits on his own family, how do you think he'll treat his follower. uneducated Americans are increasing at alarming rates
I don't think it's responsible to make that leap. By all counts JFK banged everything that moved, and he's remembered rather fondly as an effective President. I don't care if he lies to his family, I care if he lies to the country. He's got enough evidence of lies outside this.
That's the difference he was an EFFECTIVE leader trump is not
So you're saying it's ok if POTUS bangs everything that moves, as long as he's effective in his duties as president, correct?
Uh...more or less. I don't need to like my leaders or need them to be "as close to Jesus as possible" - that desire is what got us the disingenuous frauds we have now. To paraphrase a movie line I don't need my leader to be a man of the people, but a man for the people.
To further sum, there is a difference between individual and societal values.
What a beautiful picture. Thank you for the prayer team picture.
What pryer
Haha
a beauty and a monster ... as in a fairy tale only a monster will not turn into a young prince
Ya nasty
God "stole" your Christmas decor?  #MakeAmericaWintryAgain
Wonderful picture of two beautiful people.   God bless you and your family.
thank you for taking care of the USA
You both are looking beautiful and happy.  We are with you #MAGA
What a gorgeous picture of a wonderful couple ... madly in love and a shining beacon of modern day Humanity .... GOD BLESS AMERICA 

PEACE AND LOVE TO YOU ALL
 thanks for the laugh, I needed that!
That is my upmost pleasure .... Mr T is a class act and they are bound to renew their wedding vows and continue their strong beautiful marriage ! AMEN ! God bless you and all the USA
well said, Bernard :)
Today is be kind to the world on Twitter day #bekind

Peace and love
You are both so courageous and I think you both look Marvelous!
That's some Storm you got behind you.
Stand strong, this is the biggest journey of your life, and you are handling it so graciously..
When are you going to ditch that pig of a husband of yours?  S.E. Cupp's advice to Melania: Leave your 'jerk of a husband'.
S.E.  So you are now a marriage counselor?
Probably just parroting the advice offered to Hillary during the Bill/Monica fiasco.

川普总统我祝你健康长寿！你的事业才刚刚开始！加油！
Please take a look at pardon case #p285544.  Please please please.
we our very proud to have you as our president and first lady of the white house .god bless you and your family. PS i sure would like a photo of you and the first lady. john damann 985 bella monte dr.minden ,nevada 89423
I no this picture to be true in love. I have a picture of the two of them and then one of the family.  And it is so sad that others are trying to tear it apart because they are jealous.
Haha!  Jealous of what?  Immaturity, adultary, narciccisism, elitism, endorsing the campaign contribution agenda, tweeting like a baby, lying when the truth serves you better, ignoring gun safety, needing talking points to address victims, disbelieving climate control? Pick.
you have had this just the same for the past 8 years,BUT Obama was a Master B S er with a law degree and a fancy vocabulary. WAKE UP DUMB AMERICANS.
The only thing that Trump should stop, is the tweeting.
Have you watched The Omen?
Best First Lady ever
such a beautiful    couple thank god we got  rid of  michelle
What a handsome couple.Beautiful. Thank you
sos from venezuela
I propose that once a year for Christmas to New Year's celebration the White House can be visited by the general public, so that the President of the United States can stay in touch with the President's complaints, inputs, inputs so that solutions are effective and efficient.
Did you email me about money owed to me from the U.N.SOMEONE DID AND I don't know if it's really you.if not someone is using your email to contact me,it must be a scammer.
hello,hao are you
Ick.
My president Best First Lady, the president of Nigeria BUHARI is a great Terrorist in the world BUHARI like to kill incessant people at BIAFRA,PLEASE good  u s a best first lady. ,,the president of Nigeria duhari is  terrorist
What a lovely couple
Beautiful!
A beautiful picture of Tramp http://linkshrink.net/7OBny8 
Melanie is a Lady. Continue to see what you can do as a unity. You are a Presidential couple that should portray continued unity for our nation. Ignore the infidelity news of today. It is not what is important for news of history tomorrow. Make America great and be an icon.
How do you sleep with that pathetic excuse of a man with tiny hands?
Yeah right. #photoprop
We can just look back in history and see Presidents like JFK, FDR, Clinton just to name a few that have had affairs. It is non of our Business ., " He who is without Sin cast the first stone."
She must put up with this mess. What skills does she have to go out and make money. Can’t write a book. I’m sure she Has a nondisclosure agreement
Wait until the truth is revealed about your leader.  What skills does Mike have? She isn't a beautiful gracious model like our FLOTUS Melania. She definitely isn't as pretty. The White House finally got some class.
So... you are totally fine with your husband cheating on you with multiple women??? Leave him already!
Gorgeous picture of you two. 
You are God's anointed one. We are behind you 100%. Keep your head up and drive on!!!!!!

Melania you are a wonderful Classy lady and we love you don't worry about these bimbos they just trying to make a name or money for themselves you're stronger than that ignore them. We are very proud to have you Melania as our beautiful FLOTUS
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL IN THE WINTER WONDERLAND.GOD BLESS
Stay strong Melania, God will be by your side through this storm!

Beautiful President and First Lady
Lovely family don’t let evil, fake news, get your attention.
We pray everyday for you dear First Family.

Trash
what a wonderful picture


Our Beautiful First Lady and Wonderful President Trump
AMERICA IS BLESSED BY GOD
Beautiful photo!
LOOKS A LITTLE STORMY
Something to consider
You mean Tweet about what a money grubbing whore Stormy Daniels and her attorney is?!  You're right, it's 100% true!!
Awesome picture, looking good!
@BuzzPainter

Please keep doing what you do Mrs. Melania Trump.
Beautiful family!
Great casting with @FLOTUS
Beautiful Portrait !
Praying often for your family!
Strong and powerful family! Stay together always, and remember that evil always looses when good prevails! America is strong behind you regardless of Fake News!!! Evil always tries to destroy when they are loosing!
President: Mr. Donald Trump: First Lady: Mrs. Melania Trump: This picture of both of you. "Is amazing" Please put it on my Facebook. Thanks a million.
What is the White House?  No one knows.
Greetings to you our beloved First Lady
@realDonaldTrump #SPANKIE
Mr. Trump, you need
To back off on China, your costing retirees there 401ks
Bhut beautiful
What a gracious and beautiful woman. You certainly are the First Lady.

Love this Pic of You Both
kız meloş kocanla aran nasıl dostu varmış diyorlar sen ööölee durupduru
President doing a great job .  There been other Presidents that have done very bad thing
No me esperes hoy en la noche mi amor.
Beautiful people.
Beautiful picture.
Happy Monday. Hope this week brings us all good things.
Thank you both for all you are doing for American Citizens!! We have been taken advantage of for to long and have become Tax Slaves. My idea: I would like to see more tax "exemptions" for the American people. Exceptions for all Americans i.e. volunteers, special interest groups
with the best wishes,,, for you both,,,, great people,,, love you a lot !!!
Great people even in all the fray, enjoy each other in the rare time of being president and first lady.
Such a beautiful couple! Please Lord God keep your hand on these two as they lead our country :-)
Melania I pray for you and Donald Everyday..I know the Stress Y'all  Carrie ..Thank y'all spicy for caring about our Country..And Melania ..Stand By ur Man..I wished I would had stood by mine..I was Married 28 years and still love him to this day..
what a beautiful comment. Bless you too.
Melania is hot.  I approve of this message.
I don't think this picture is from the White House. If it is is welcome!
But how about the bottom one? Again garbage from the media... Shame on you Twitter...
You and Melania are great don't let the Democrap/ News media change anything. Let them talk.
Thank you for being our President and Firstlady. What a beautiful picture of you!
Its looking a little stormy over there, Mrs Trump 
Thank you both. 
To hell with all the haters!!!#maga
I guess you're all righI guess you're alright Marlena but I don't care for your husband
you are you talking about? who is Marlena???
We love you so much.
Otdnft
Fake and insincere. Sorry, Melania.
I'm greatful for the effort your husband is trying to do to make the U.S. great again.
it's time to think first and then do
so good, like can eat .." PAD THAI" with
 prawn.
。
have a nice day sir.&ma'am....holy weeks.....Peace,
It time for her to smile again and for him to be dishonorable discharged 
like all service men or women would be if it were them committing an act of Adultry an immoral act section dishonorable discharge is demanded now!
Very nice picture of you . Thank you for trying to make America better. Sorry some have made it so difficult for you.  Keep up the good work we really appreciate it,
Such a beautiful couple and so glad to have Donald as our President glad some one in there to clear out all the damage that has been done to our country. Now if only they will let him do the job !!!
Милания , вы прекрасны . Дай Бог вам счастья
Love you and the President. Keep up the good work and ignore the haters. You guys are so much better.
Thank you POTUS and FLOTUS we love and appreciate everything you are doing for our great nation .
Yes we do 
GOD BLESS YOU !!!!
Looks a bit frosty in that picture.
Melanie is a beautiful woman, just show her some respect and leave her alone, also AMERICA needs to work with our President so he can get more things done especially the Demo  needs to work with  him more
Do you people not know her name?  It’s Melania, not Melanie.  Learn to spell!
Now ain't you smart?
Smart enough to know her name!
Your retirement home will be a 8x10 cement block prison cell!!!
We can see your naked ass still under that coat..  Slotus
很有夫妻相。很温馨。
The ideal couple, capable of leading to the progress of World Civilization.
Beautiful couple...always praying for you and your family. May you feel the presence of God continually! We love you!
Our Great POTUS and beautiful FLOTUS
I am the creator of Music Therapy Reconnection number one technique used to date,second to none Google or Amazon it.What are your two most favorite songs?
"Stand by your Man"

What a great photo! You both have made me proud to back winners who have shown how simple it is to change the country. Long live america and long may you lead us!
Sir very beautifull
Beautiful picture.
Such a beautiful couple! I hate the media and how they try to ridicule a happy family and try and destroy a hard working man’s reputation Donald your cool bro!
Melania, you are a class act with a capitol "C"! America knows what the press is trying to do to our POTUS.
Melania, I like your kindness, gentleness, public persona.
U behave like a jr Hi schl BOY w/cheating. U look pervy & ridiculous doing so. BE A MAN w/DIGNITY!
You are a lovely and gracious FLOTUS.  Ignore the "fake news"  We adore you.
Oh please. Stop putting on pretenses.  Your husband was unfaithful.  Or don't you are?
You both make me puke
Thank you both for representing the United States of America ....I appreciate you more than you may ever know....
Can you please remove Oregon Governor Kate Brown from office. Hurry please, it’s a disaster here.
WE LOVE YOU FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP, DON'T LET THE MEDIA SEPARATE YOU FROM YOUR HUSBAND,  YOU BOTH ARE DOING AN AWESOME WORK IN MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN,  PRAYING FOR YOU AND FAMILY...GOD BLESS YOU.
Beautiful

Lovely couple and lovely picture.  Thank you for sharing.  Keep up the good work! So very proud of you.
Great picture. You are in my prayers. They have gone after this president like mad dog, even before he was elected. Really do pray for you President Trump and the beautiful First lady. God bless.
OMG!  How creepy!  He looks like her dad.  There's not that much money in the world! 
I love this photo of the two of you! You have been thru so much and you both look amazing and you smiles make me smile. I thank God for a strong leader and his wonderful wife.
My tow favorite people.  Pres Trump you are doing a good job.  Keep up the good work.  FLOTUS  You are a gracious first lady and I wish you all the best.
I like this picture,   natural smiles.   But Donald has a smile of Dennis the Minnis ,  like he wants to blow something up.  Lol

SAD!
Great picture. We have a awesome First Lady. Thank you Mr President
Nice picture
may god bless both of you, and keep you well and happy.
I don’t know why people are in an uproar concerning Trumps alleged extramarital involvements. We as a nation elected a serial adulterer  long before voted. Maybe that’s why he was granted the nick name :”Slick Willy”.
Makes me glad to see such # PATRIOTS !
Isn't she a landed immigrant.   Border !!!
SLUT
Wow........ That’s insane! Every once in a while you come across  an as*hole..... nice to meet you 
melania look like a purge mask
