Then tell your husband to support banning assault weapons!! Prayers don't bring back murdered children. And your husband is trying to slant it to the mentally ill. It is ALL about guns!! #BanAssaultWeaponsNow
So how's your hubby and his girlies?
Gun regulations are not gonna save our children. More people communicating better not texting. Government agencies need to respond better.
It saved ours in the uk and Australia. No mass shootings since 1996.
Please ask your husband  to put a ban on Ar’s Ak’s and any and all assault weapons. Sign a bill for comprehensive background checks with mental illness checks and and shut down websites who sell guns and equipment to modify them. Please!!!

Sadly, I think for closeminded elitist fuckheads like you it would take a personal loss (Barron) to realize just how vacuous and impotent all your "thoughts and prayers" are

more pointless thoughts and prayer...pls stop saying this, please, it's absurd and moronic
The blood of those victims is on the hands of the sociopathic puppet of the NRA that you married. Stop enabling evil!
So why does your government allow the sell of semi automatic guns? This 19y walks into a gun store & he’s not old enough to buy a beer. Shame on the NRA.
Arrogant statement.  Why are these kids parents not disciplining them why aren’t these kids being taught right from wrong.   Stop blaming other people for your or someone else’s issues
Kids parents are dead. That's no excuse to kill the people but someone needs to come alongside and Mentor he or she .
Did you learn sometime in your life how to wear a sweater? Either you put the arms in it or not wear it at all.
We need #Gun control not thoughts & prayers.
My colleagues treating victims of gun violence would appreciate action....thoughts & prayers are not bullet-proof. 

Teach anger management.  Anger kills
Please make a difference as you promised to.  Speak out against the cyber bullying that is re-victimizing the Hogg family and other victims of the MSD massacre.  Show us you are better.  Don’t let him and his older sons define you or shape your son.  Rise above.
When did you stop saying Obama was not born in the US??
You and you husband should stop praying and do something for a change. I know it is hard for you understanding, since you're stuck with him it seems. But please stop being hypocrites.
Okay thoughts and prayers, but what ELSE are you going to do? Because that's not enough.
Agreed
Thank you for your support
We all know you've got a prenup but get yourself good attorney and save your child if nothing else. Act like you've got some sense.
No no no! Dear FLOTUS, a heavy heart, thoughts and prayers just don’t help! Less guns means less shootings, please put yor FLOTUS FOCUS there!!
Unless you're actually gonna help, I suggest you shove that bullshit back into your mouth.
Bullshit. Conjure up an image of your little Barron hiding behind a desk while a gunman stalks his school hallway. Thoughts and prayers would mean nothing to you. Get your husband to use his power and do something. Be the Mama Bear of the nation, Melania.
Seriously! The gun didn't do the shooting BUT the Boy did as a gun is just an object! If the Guardians of ALL children would teach them better plus deal with them the 1st time that they got in trouble that would HELP ALOT!!!
What are you smoking? In years past boys would have fist fights to settle an argument or slight.  Now they have ASSAULT WEAPONS.
“Assault” is a verb. Stop using a verb to describe an object. That’s not how that works. That’s not how ANY of that works. Pick a good adjective.
Thoughts and prayers is not solving the problem. Try harder

Talk to POTUS about a branch of Dept of Education that focuses on pre-school and Elementary school Mental Health detection and parental training. Parents must attend quarterly for their kids to be admitted. Early detection of parents, teachers and Daycare specialists is the key!
And you are in our prayers. Be safe.
Gun control now. Thoughts and prayers are meaningless.
You don’t give a crap. Stop it... #fakeflotus #FakePresident #Collusion #dotarddonald #thoughtsandprayers @realDonaldTrump
Affected victim --- so sorry for you.
Prove it.  Stand up to your baby daddy and help make gun control real.  
#GunReformNow
Stop lying.
Then use your influence to change something. Your thoughts and prayers do nothing.
All while keeping all that NRA money in your wallet...admirable ability to multitask.
Yeah, sure
how was the golf game during the funerals?  and you stay with this? Do you hate yourself that much? #BlueWave2018 #EndCitizensUnited #Resistance #NoWall
You are crushing this anti cyber bullying campaign. I mean wow
#GunControlNow Take a stand!  #NeverAgainMSD

I am going to go out a limb here...Melania does not manage her own Tweets. If she did, I would like to believe that she would be just as outraged as all mothers are right now. She would publicly call out Junior for his cyberbullying. And show more backbone in her Tweets.
Quit your job.
WHY DO YOU ALLOW THAT HUSBAND OF YOURS CONTINUE TO ALLOW GUNS TO MENTALLY ILL.
JUST BECAUSE PRESIDENT OBAMA  BROUGHT THE IDEA...45 TOOK IT OFF THE TABLE .
AND MORE CHILDREN DIE.
FORCE HIM TO BRING LAW  OR DIVORCE HIM!!
The Best President we had so far was Ronald Reagan and President Trump is right behind. God Bless America.
What’s with you Americans and your guns.  ?
Please explain to your husband to do briefings and talk to the American people. Just to Update us with the pretty blend of America.?
As heavy as what is in your hands during this glamour shot you did with your husband?  Don’t expect us to forget. @FLOTUS
Gross! #Shameless #AmericasOrangeShitStain
Words mean nothing tell your husband and his puppets to do something about it.
HOW ABOUT TALKING TO YOUR ADULTEROUS HUSBAND ABOUT BANNING ASSAULT RIFLES??
Tell your husband to tell Congress to pass meaningful gun control legislation.  Otherwise, keep the thoughts and prayers.  They have been an unreliable defense against bullets.
Really.... so now you are saying that it’s not ok to keep people in your thoughts and prayers?  That they should keep it to themselves?  Wtf is wrong with you people.
F**k the prayers, these platitudes are so hypocritical - just cut out the guns
Yeah Banning meth heroin and cocaine has work so well criminals are always going to break the law
#GoldDigger @FLOTUS #GoldDigger
#ScrewYourThoughtsAndPrayers. Get your philandering hubby @realDonaldTrump to DO something about it. You have a school aged child, step up.
If you’re holding a heavy heart for those who perished in this horrific tragedy then show that heavy heart to your husband and get him to change his stance on guns. The police and army are those who should have guns. School security only need to have stun guns no one else...
What do we do about all the bad guys who have guns.
Exactly. Liberals would ban all guns. Imagine how that would work when home invasion sores to record numbers.
Only there’s because I’m not give up my right to protect myself. Let them be the sitting pigeons. They are so clueless.
Very clueless. Instead of using his body to shield others, that football coach could have used his issued fire arm to drop that nut
F*ck your thoughts and prayers. Their blood is on your husband's hands. You care? Time to do something.


As far as  I can see, you seem to be representing USA well. The world is asking,  
If you have self confidence,  if you are independent,  WHY on earth are you staying with Trump?? The longer you stay, you will lose self respect and respect from others. We have seen your message.
We need more than thoughts and prayers.  We need gun control.
Why not speak out for gun control if you care? Are you OK with leaving Barron in a school guarded only by armed teachers? If so, withdraw SS
We don't need gun control you moron.   0.000157% of our population is murdered every year.... a tiny fraction of auto,  opiate, barbiturate, and medical malpractice deaths.   You don't care about saving lives, you are just a parrot repeating what you heard on npr
Have a chat with your boy! The time to make the change is now!! Say goodbye to @NRA Funding the politicians & let’s see a change.  The people have spoken
And yet your husband is more concerned with his own hide instead of those kids. He would rather slam the FBI and take pictures grinning with thumbs up than consoling children and the families of those that were slaughtered. Why don’t you take some stands?
#GunControl
Your thoughts and prayers are nothing. Leave that pig and maybe you'll earn respect. And tell Ivanka to stand up to daddy. Sick bastard. Archive that.
You are such a sweetie
The Valentines Day massacre has hit us at the very core. I cannot begin to imagine the grief of those who have lost loved ones. As a father and grandfather my heart bleeds for those in Florida who have suffered a terrible loss. If you believe in God, PRAY.
Lobby congress for gun control
No one wants the thoughts and prayers of a vacant trophy bride.  Get your husband to do something about gun violence.
@FLOTUS - trophy bride? Yeah…
How to stop school shooting: Put metal detectors in schools. Have armed SRO for every 10 classrooms. Allow school employees to be  armed/trained. Educate students early on moral values. Behavioral problem kids evaluated and counseled. Pass laws to fund this and make it mandatory.
Time to turn all schools into airports with metal detectors, armed guards and controlled entrances. We have many retired cops and veterans who could be hired,
Great, and let’s also do this for every church, movie theater, baseball stadium, museum, shopping mall, train station, Gas station, basically everywhere where people are.
How naïve
You have the idea, we already do it at stadiums.
Ajde sedi i ćuti tu. Jel sad vidiš koliko je glup ovaj tvoj muž?
Let’s leave it all as it is tho, right, and just hope mental health falls off the tree. Omg
Look, the country hasn't made up its mind about you. Call a press conference and announce you're divorcing him. I know you must have a prenup but you'll get tons of book deals that will pay bills for life. Plus you will be adored by everyone who isn't a bigot. Consider it.
If you notice they don’t shoot up the mall or parks. They go to the schools where their tormentors and enablers are.  Teach kids to be compassionate and inclusive. That’s how you invoke change in a country


"President Trump’s response to mass tragedies: Blame the victims" http://hill.cm/KwETFck  
You have a platform in which YOU can help change our country... Being a mother, you can relate to the panic and fear mothers are facing. Please help these young Americans change our country. Help save our kids Mrs. Trump. Its YOUR job. Action action action.

Some revelations on where the >$100Mil raised by the #Trump inaugural committee went -  https://nyti.ms/2BYGhfu 
Listen to the survivors...I know it's a dirty word, but GUN CONTROL!!
Then shoot down bill no. Hr 587 . This bill does not protect the American Citizens  You know that . Guns protect our country not Democrats or main stream media . . Keep your thoughts and prayers to protect us all .
You don’t pray.   #divorcewillsetyoufree
Listen to #EmmaGonzalez speech at the #FloridaRalley she will make you cry
Thank you, our dear First Lady. It is very sad; I hope teachers will bring trouble kids to the light in order to avoid tragedies as this. We, in Florida, love you!!!
You do know that these kids DID speak up, right? He totally fell through every crack imaginable!!
your thoughts and prayers are useless. Your scum of a husband, rolled back regulations, making it easier for mentally disturbed people, to get guns. You and your family, are part of the problem.
Parents don't want thoughts and prayers!   They want their babies back!!!!
Did you enjoy Disco Night? you were only miles away from the hospital students were taken to. Why did you not stay to talk with them and their parents? Michael Obama did in previous school shootings. You have shown by your actions how much you care. It's all about the $$$$ to you
Come into your own and band assault weapons. You can do it while shutting your husband down.
Maybe your Hubby should stop with twitter and focus on our safety. Jus sayin
Who’s penning this account???  Sure as hell, ain’t you!!

please do what you can to visibly show support for gun reform. Your voice matters. Lawmakers will listen even if your husband won’t. Don’t let more children die before real action is taken. It’s okay for you to voice your own opinions! Be the change we need in the today Melania!
Also for the comment "banning guns won't work" negative, until we go to war with North Korea there is no need for citizens to have assault rifles that can take out crowds of people in minutes.
My new band is "Our Thoughts and Prayers!"  

Come see our "Too Soon (To Talk About It)" Tour with a great opening act: "The Families of The Victims!"      

The way it's going, we'll probably be playing near you ...          

... real soon!    

#ITMFA
An old saying: “Butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth.”
Thanks to @NPR for the picture that the White House "couldn't" find. Here he is signing the Executive Order that repealed the Obama Era gun checks for people with mental illnesses and making it easy for them to buy weapons of mass destruction.
"When you marry for money you earn every penny".  You sold your soul for Trump change .  #golddigger  Was it worth it?
bullied marriage all along stop being fake and don't deceive yourself thinking you're deceiving the American people if you don't
Your role has become like “ Clair “ from house of cards. Ur there for a show piece to give the American public a false persona of what family values are. Hell how much money will make you happy Melania

Melania!! Grab Barron with both hands. Talk to your Lawyer and then run as fast and as far as you can from HIM! The Women of this Country are behind you!!
Bless You http://1.St .Lady Trump!

Will you tell standup to the #NRA and its followers making death threats to #Parkland students?

Why is it that your husband does not respond to my tweet: Mr. President, What do you think about the fact that the FBI was warned about it, and didn’t do anything to prevent the event from happening?
It is the moment to stop the violence and hate the violence movies, the video games, and the gerras destuyen by favor already enough no more a victim in the country President.
You and your husband don't care. Thoughts and prayers are the only thing you people do when this happens. Look where that's gotten us. The blood is on your hands for doing nothing.
Then please convince your husband, if you are still on speaking terms, to take action, instead of uttering hollow words.  On another note, hasn’t he humiliated you enough?  There is still hope for Barron if you get out now.
Not even in the same class as BillClinton, while President, shoving cigars up a kids vjj then wiping the first lady’s face in a sperm covered dress in front of the entire world,while his daughter looks on.
I travelled from Springfield, IL to Parkland over the weekend. Just put together this clip. If this helps you and your followers process what you have also witness, this is therapeutic for me.
Maybe you should enroll your kid in a public school, then the Secret Service could not only provide protection for him but for all students!  
Stand up for the kids...demand action on gun safety!
There we go again ... thoughts and prayers. Too little too late!
Thank you dear First Lady. We love you. And just want to ask you to please stand by your remarkable husband despite any tabloid news. He loves you and we need you both. He is the only one who can save our country.

Just because this is who decides our fates. An ex oppressed bisexual, reformed Christian, that calls his wife mother. How f-ed up is this?
Why on earth did you think it was appropriate to have SMILES ALL AROUND photo-ops with survivors? This is so inappropriate--a devastating lack of empathy.
And then there were the “thumbs up!” 
As ive been saying for years the kids that dont function at schools need to be put on a farm and take care of animals now you say but he wanted to hurt animals. Yes because. He dont know .but once he tooken care of them his attitude will change toward animals. And society
Hi I think you are a wonderful Person think you for your good example for the people
Yes, thanks to your husband's mental sickness on gun control, those kids got a bullet, and you got more free trips and fame. Great job. The killer is also a Trump fan by the way.
You seem like a bright woman why are you with Donald Trump. He disrespects you over and over again you deserve better
tell your husband to stop  bullying victims of the shooting
First Lady U-Can!
Do something to change it
Thanks for taking a whopping 30 minutes for your photo ops with the children who survived the shooting. Your overwhelming kindness and concern were noted. 
What are your actual thought and prayers
PLEASE...Mom to Mom. Use the power of your position to inform DJT & DJT Jr that showing support for conspiracy theorists is handing our country over to darkness. Hold onto the Light. #neveragainMSD

Tell PONTUS to stop NRA $ from killing our children and pass restraints against mentally ill allowed to get assault rifles....wait Obama did that and your husband reversed it.
Get real.  Don has cheated on all his wives but with Porn Stars & Playmates with you.  Leave.
I as well...joining in w/you in prayer for those grieving the loss of a loved one.
Watch what this crappy admin does not what they say; they say they want tougher gun laws but they have weakened gun laws. They say the mentally ill shouldn't have gun access but they give nuts access to war weapons. This admin is a den of snakes incapable of telling the truth.
Wow! I got censored for this tweet???
I hear ya. Stormy Daniels said almost the same thing. U guys have allot in common. For instance U both probably hate Karen McDougal

Child asks Donald Trump to do something so there are no more weapons because he is afraid    https://youtu.be/lereTSxvKes 
Trump supports the NRA and deregulating gun laws.   The blood is on Trumps hands.
Maybe you could talk to the man who bought and paid for you and get him to stand up for human life and against the AR 15 and the NRA. If either of you have any balls that is. Of course that itself is debateable.
Please support rational gun control. Coming from ex Yugoslavia you understand the need, I am sure.
Will you please consider going on television, saying a prayer and encourage the students to return to school and trust that the President is getting it fixed? It seems you have spiritual strength overflowing. Just an Idea! GOD BLESS YOU.
Can the thoughts and prayers. You want to help children then get out front and March with those kids in DC for Common Sense gun control. Screw the NRA. They need  a Swift kick in the pants. Do it.
Ask Donald about trained unemployed veterans to do the job. There are a lot of them ready to work. They know how to handle these types.of situations.
We don't want ur thoughts & prayers, we want it to stop! Are these kids smarter than ur husband? They aren't as corrupt! #muellertime,  better Run  Melania
Your husband has blood on his hands.
Oh please just give it up! #TrumpRussiaCollusion https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5a88d654e4b00bc49f44e36b …
And...what good does that do to comfort parents who lost their child would that be enough if Barron was one of those murdered???
Why don't we put the lives of kids first and save the "thoughts and prayers" for the loss of people's guns.
Yes, you and hubby at the hospital smiling like this was the best photo op ever!
Go to meet those students and give them your thoughts and prayers. They are going to feel so much better. Please do!!
It’s @realDonaldTrump’s fault, the @NRA gave him $30,000,000 and he made it easier for people with mental health issues to get guns! Your thoughts & prayers don’t mean shit!! What are YOU going to do about it?
#WorstFlotusEver #LockThemAllUp

