Trump cyber bully in chief
Someone needs a safe space
Shame on you. I notice you're not using the word cyber bullying because you know this is a travesty, Melania. Your husband is the king of bullying on social media!  Did he bully you to talk about this today??
It's not bullying when its defence.
Bunch of whinny bullies on here....do you think shes going to say "hey Don, commiekevin69 said you were mean, you should do what he says and resign" get a life
9 dollars for 6 eggs
You can always count on the losers haters to denigrate our First Lady, funny how they exude the same classless stench that the left and HRC spew. When will they accept the fact that America is better off than when the Dims were in charge. OHNO & THE AMAZON were THE WORST!
Will this work for your husband?????
amen!
How can you as FLOTUS sincerely be against Cyber Bullying when your husband does it all day, every day!! Disgraceful!! What is he teaching Barron...smh

Go MILANIA, First Lady
Our First Lady is young beautiful smart and very very chic   love her
nb
Children learn by example Mrs. Trump. 
Maybe examine the examples you and your husband are setting for children around the world. I love that you want to help children but they know Bullshit when they see it. You have to walk your talk...can you? Will you?
Have you discussed with your husband how to be a responsible digital citizen?
Have you spoken to your husband and step son Donnie about their cyber bullying? Last week Donnie was bullying a teenager. He's 40 years old.
Donnie Jr is pissed off 
So what came of this meeting?
A photo op. Now she can go cower again for another six months.
Jealous

No your not Kevin cause your on hold!. Cool made up pic with no comment.

Policing, tracking, mining and selling private data of minors is the elephant in the room that was just fed by "good intentions" @FLOTUS has a big heart for children..but eventually big tech will be held accountable for what they are really doing.
We need to reintroduce Physical education at all levels of education. Nutrition and cooking. Sewing class. Etc
Unfortunately, it is coming to light that those companies are part of the problem. They all track every single thing that we do on the internet. Here's the proof:
Ironic when your husband is a bullying POS that leverages digital mediums to spread hate and lies. You are just as bad as him for supporting him. #liar #complicitflotus #POS
I am sure in your heart you believe in what you are saying/doing on this topic, but unfortunately you have no credibility on this issue given who you are married to. You have to understand no one will take you seriously until you have an impact on your husband bullying less often

We are so lucky to have an intelligent, classy woman as First Lady.  We have missed the power of the position since Laura Bush. 

You are doing an amazing job and are doing amazing things for children and the country!
LIKE 
Are you giving Lessons to @POTUS on how to be a responsible digital citizen?
Bot
I’m a bot?  LOL
Bot
Twitter approved: 
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976496351977656320 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976553971597889536 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976552728347410434 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976555887132372993 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976556900031582209 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976557839673188354 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976558894351863809 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976559780641824774 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976560113443098624 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976561634108956672 …
More Twitter approved bullying: https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976564327208636416 …
For each menacing, @TwitterSupport replied w/ "we see no wrong doing". So this sums up your efforts. However, if @bluebell321 tweeted factual photos from your pornographic/sex sales marketing past, Twitter "polices".
Some of your tweets are quite disturbing so I would like you to unfollow me please. I wish you well and god bless you
I'm not following you but using you as case study on bullying after you approached me to harass, menace, alarm, intimidate & silence. I used "Follow" to test if you were a bot. you're a human intentionally taunting. @FLOTUS @jack
Twitter approved: 
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976496351977656320 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976553971597889536 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976552728347410434 ……
What you should do: use block button in future instead of roaming Twitter to taunt. But you're free to bully continuously as @TwitterSupport approves your menacing insults, harassment, intimidation. Evidence of that saved for publishing too. You're Barron Trump famous now.
I have never had to block one person on here, I may not agree with others opinions but I respect them #FreedomOfSpeech. You get too obsessed and filled with hatred, you will really make yourself ill! Go back and look at your own tweets #hypocrite
And is this what you call respecting someone's speech? https://twitter.com/ilovemytroops/status/977018115476348928 … note one insult of YOURS after another. That's what you call respect? I don't like kkk but I don't follow them to harass, alarm, threaten nor attempt to silence. @FLOTUS
Twitter approved: 
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976496351977656320 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976553971597889536 …
https://twitter.com/bluebell321/status/976552728347410434 ……
Don't look now Melina
Shame she speaks out of her ass ! Let her discuss this with manchild @realDonaldTrump
Inform your husband how to be a responsible digital citizen.
If you can't teach your man how are you gonna…  #StormyDaniels #shameonyou #lockhimup
Why the jealousy?
I love how some people lack self-awareness and the ability to read sentiment around them. It makes for pretty ill-advised tweets that the tweeter should have with a spouse.
"Build bridges between people, not walls!" ~ Muhammad Ali
How about talking to your husband about how he bullies and insults people on Twitter? It begins at home. No credability if you can't even influence your own husband.
The amount of hypocrisy in this tweet is stunning. 

You are in NO position to discuss cyber, safety, or teaching children, Melania.  Have you no pride?
Stormy
Do something about Donald’s Cyber Bullying! He’s the Worlds WORST!
Your husband @realDonaldTrump and @JoeBiden is about to fight they cyber bullying 

your husband fcked a lot of women while married to you .. money he pays you must be great
Did you speak to @POTUS? I bet you didn’t.
Great job My FLOTUS.  Ignore the negativity. Pure jealousy!!! Say hi to My Prez. Love you guys
Eeeeeeeeverybody is jealous to wake up to this every day
Beautiful when you smile !
AMEN
Hypocrite! You are married to the biggest cyber bully in the world and you support him and what he says! Just STOP!!!
Why your sexual predator trump n bully in chief didn’t attend?
Mrs Trump, if you really are concerned about cyber bullying, do something about your husband!
How about teaching your husband to be a responsible digital citizen.  He’s the biggest cyber bully in the world.
You are a beautiful example of what a 1st lady should be.

I am so proud to have voted for you both!

BEST FIRST LADY EVER!!

Teachers all over the globe are using Donald Trumps twitter rants as examples of HOW NOT TO USE social media.

You mean well I am sure,  but as long as your husband tries to humiliate people on Twitter, your voice is silenced.
Cyber safety  is very important .All country take care it.
Great...NOW, TEACH YOUR BULLY TRUMP HUSBAND TO NEVER DO THAT AGAIN!

Maybe you should test this on the largest child, the one you sleep "with" every night.
Lady and gen! I really appreciate your comments here’s. But we need to focus on Fox News. Spread fake news and not accurate at all.

Too little, too late.  I listened to your speech and how you whined about people criticizing you.  Could be because you have done absolutely nothing but show up with your bought and paid for face and spout whatever seems appropriate without looking like you actually mean it. Sad.
You forgot to thank Cambridge Analytics and Michael Cohen
thank you first lady for being in attendance
So cone on carry in CH rushon protot
USA as go out eu
Melania, you are a good woman. I appreciate your efforts. Great 1st Lady. But until Jesus Christ returns to set up his Kingdom on Earth, man will continue to be evil for the heart of man is evil without God. Thank you for reminding people to pray. You are a trooper.

Stormy Daniels' lawyer @MichaelAvenatti says his cases are often like chess. As for Team Trump?

"They have stepped into every trap we have laid in…
Ummmm, and you and your husband supported taking our internet privacy away and selling us as product? Ummmm, you can say all you want but this ain't gonna do it, idiot woman!! Plus, u r a criminal, u defied US immigration laws.
https://twitter.com/ChrisPawelski/status/976503994830020608 … &
If Stormy Daniels were to host SNL should the cold opening with Alec Baldwin parody the lie detector test or the gag order? RETWEET #stormydanielstohostsnl #snl #alecbaldwin #StormyDaniels #GagOrder
Please start with you know who
Melanie it takes courage to be with a person like yr husband. I just wonder if money +power justifies your choice to accept his cheating as a WOMENWIFEMOTHERS.  Your action shows rather weaknesses and it impacts your credibility to WOMEN and Victims of abuse. An insult to all.
Love that you took this stance Melania! 
Do you think she's met her husband, King of the Cyberbullies? #UnfitToBePresident
Stormy..Karen and Summer are going at that fat belly mutt for sexual assault..
Great work Mrs. First Lady! Truly a great example. @realDonaldTrump

You and your husband are doing great job making America work again.. 
I'm Keywest from Ghana. Love you
Yea you love him, but he thinks of you as a person from a #shithole.
The irony in your choice of an issue is almost laughable. You are married to a total cyber bully. Actually, he’s a bully in all aspects of his character.
I will not believe that you care about this until you get your husband to stop insulting and bullying people on Twitter.
Stop the bullshit.  Start with Donny.
Although it comes with a hefty layer of hypocrisy considering @realDonaldTrump , thank you for your efforts nonetheless.
Thank you on being such a caring First Lady
Melania I know you are sincere, but the biggest cyber bully is your husband, which you know. Greatest service you can perform for nation is too teach him the harm he is doing to country.
My simple solution to internet bullying is to have my kid choose his friends wisely and block the other brats.
Madam Absolutely fine !
You are really a class act compared to what we got rid of
Omg how did I arrive late to this little slice of irony.
huh.  Guess who passed a lie detector test.

 Hint: It wasn't Donnie.
Start with your quisi husband on cyber bullies
Felicidades señora Melania por su eficiente y trabajo
thank you @FLOTUS we value your attendance
Proud of you Melania 
Here's some Stormy Digital.
Our wonderful Potus has 64 million behind him, why does our beautiful @FLOTUS only have 10 million followers? Come on Trump Train, follow our First Lady! 
Hi, Melania. I’d like to introduce you to Donald.
Tell the kids to not interact with the #FakePresident  . . . who takes cyberbullying to new levels.
So proud of our first lady and President trump !
First thing you need to do is work on the cyber bully you live with to be taken with some respect.
Here is a cyber bull that needs to stop  ! Will you stop him? If not your platform is a sham
Bahahahahahahahaha
Wishi everything will be set right in the coming years.
As if you understood any of it. Bitch please, go back to your country and come back legally! Spreading your legs don't count!
I think the first LADY is beautiful inside and out.
Is this guy a "responsible" digital citizen??????????????????????????
I appreciate you trying  to protect our children from the horrible cruelty of nasty words. But you can't be blind to the fact that your husband is one of the worst bullies what do you tell your son. I tell my children to never be like him. He is mean, demeaning and degrading.
Teach your husband

Remember: This tweet comes just two days after Melania held a cyberbulling summit at the White House. 
That is a very good idea it shows that the Trump Administration cares about all well being and I'll children because they are our future bless you all
Donald is the world's biggest cyberbully. You didn't notice? #UnfitToBePresident
Teach this to your child-husband
Measures must be taken to ensure a safe cuber Subliminal language is any sensory signal that passes below the limits of perception
Your husband needs a lesson in responsible use of the internet
Your time to shine
You will not and cannot be taken seriously so long as you turn a blind eye to the bully you’re married to. You’re making a fool of yourself taking on an issue he excels in.
Crooked FB helped her husband get elected.
No you are wrong the owner of Facebook is related to Soros so put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Get real. @FLOTUS can’t control the nations biggest cyber bully @realDonaldTrump. Can’t control D.D. (Donald Dic*) who formed a N.D.A with his lawyer worth $100K for Summer or P.P. ( Porn Puss*). Get real!  It ain’t about her. She married wrong.
@FLOTUS has been a responsible digital citizen,and is doing a good thing promoting this, working with the companies mentioned. She is responsible for herself & her child-she is not the internet police. It’s so ironic how bullied she is on this string-from ppl “against bullying”
Melania. You are a First Lady to be proud of. Keep up your good works and ignore cynics.
With all do respect, teach your philandering man child of a husband to quit bullying people every single day or just divorce his fat ass so you can live a respectable life. Otherwise you are just part of the problem and your token agenda is just a big joke. Words don't = action.
Respect for russian spy # fauxpohandler whwhore? Sheeesh
Just trying to be as civil and polite as possible. Tired of getting the backlash from trolls and Trumpkins who are in full force right now. First night I have been on Twitter in over a week. Tired of the bullshit. I still think I made my point.
Oh yes, ima just cranky and ready to go back to reality instead of trumpland in Florida.  Now to point ima gona throw out kitchen sink, bathroom sink and commode as i gut a few IRMA no fema help rooms.  Maybe i shud try telepathy and flip a few lights on in washington
@FoxNews was reporting on the Maryland shooting & I decided to put on #FAKENEWS @cnn to see what they were discussing & I was surprised to see @donlemon sticking up for @FLOTUS against 4 panelists mocking her for her cause. Thank you @donlemon for having common sense!!
FACEBOOK is teaching people how to be responsible digital citizens???  What by their example??  HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHHAHAAAHHAAA.
Nice

Thank you !
You're joking, right?  What kind of example are @realDonaldTrump and his sons Don Jr and Eric setting?  Young people are seeing what they get away with every day.
The White House has a true FIRST LADY thank you & God Bless you and you first family.
Love our  #FirstLady 
Impressed by gold digging tramps, are you?
Jealousy is very unbecoming.
Jealous of someone who clearly hates her husband? No thanks. So trashy. I wouldn’t trade places with that unfortunate woman to save my life.
Wow. Calling our beautiful, elegant, intelligent, classy first lady trashy?!
The jealousy is even stronger than I thought. Sounds like you're not a very happy person. I hope you get it all worked out and have a better day. 
Hm. You’d be wrong on your assessments of me and Melania Trash Hump. You must be a lousy judge of character. Sorry for your troubles.
Anyone bothered to teach the Twit-in-Chief (your hubby, hunny) to not be a cyber Bully???
Your husband is allowing Russia to hack our country.

Your have no business discussing cyber safety.

Your husband and your step son are cyberbullies.

You have no business discussing responsible digital citizens.
Cyber-safety is probably important but I think what is more important is getting Common Core out of all the schools putting cursive writing back into the schools
Hey @FLOTUS WHAT SAY you PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH & TEACH Your WAYWARD Husband How to be a RESPONSIBLE DIGITAL (Especially Twitter) CITIZEN
That’s pretty PRESUMPTUOUS...ANY in the Trump Family PREACHING Moral Behaviour to ANYONE
The fact that you are aware of the irony yet still stand behind the biggest cyber bully ever for that golden tower makes you a hypocrite. So you are not tying to do the right thing. Lie to yourself but we see you for what your values really are
And did they explain how they use our private info for target ads and data mining?
How about teaching #DotardTrump on #CyberBullying 
@realDonaldTrump is a kind of 
a character who doesn't act responsibly as a citizen,  nor as a President and neither as a faithful Husband 
#DumpTrump @MELANIATRUMP

So, Mrs. Drumph, have you learned how to stop the kids around you from cyperbullying others?  From Drumph, jr., Eric Drumph, and all the way down and around?
straight out of the twilight zone

List of celebrity adults bullying High School students this week:

Frank Stallone 
Ted Nugent…
Your husband is the #CyberBullyInChief
Donald should have attended this meeting too!!!
Should have had ur husband sit in.
Thank you for helping to protect our children
It starts at the top
So take but how piss take out of
It must take a lot of energy to live in denial about being married to such a terrible bully @realDonaldTrump. Plus, you come across as such a hypocrite. Perhaps you should have just remained silent.
Are you starting a  stand up comic comedian carrier?... That is a great beginning! Clean your own sh1T at home FIRST, then give lessons to others!
It is just plain stupid for your family to be discussing cyber-bullying. The child that you married is the biggest offender. Teach him some manners as soon as he matures intro a man. Probably never.
Great concept, hard to accomplish when the parents are the worst offenders. But then again their the ones with the disposable income.
I wonder how many STD’s you had!!
Wow!
#45 Is a CyberBully in Chief!
Please Divorce Trump .....  He cheated on you!!!!  Your a fool everyday your still a Trump!
YO...MELANIA! OVER HERE!!! 

        

LOOK AT WHO YOU'RE (PRETENDING TO BE) SLEEPING WITH!! HE DOESN'T KNOW JACK ABOUT CYBER SAFETY.  WAKE UP AND SMELL THE COVFEFE! 
Melania You look so confident when you smile wide.
Stupidity and megalomania are the real hallmarks of this dirty Trump - clan. Don't trust them. @realDonaldTrump
Ugh
(Snort - eyeroll)
 check this twitter site lots of good work @CdnChildProtect ....

How about you start at home in confronting a bully?
Start with your husband the President Mr. Trump, king of cyber bullying
Your husband “SCROTUS” (So Called Ruler Of the US) needs a mandatory course in that!
Start with your husband first
Sorry you have no cred, shut down the bully you sleep with!
When will you be able to curb your irresponsible husband from his cyber bullying..ie "TWEETS"
You can't even have an effect on the cyber bully child you're married to ....I"m sorry  - but it this a silent cry for help by being married to the TwitterBully stinky gross garbage that you actually married ?
YOU NEED TO START WITH YOUR  ADULT CHILD! ....THE DONALD!!! Slovenia Imbecile!
I think you need to start with your own house. Your husband and his crazy children

Is this a joke? Your having meetings about cyber bullying? Your married to the biggest cyber bully on the planet! This has got to be a joke? Right??
“ I vant do velcome you all do da Vhite Howze”
Thank you for your hard work @flouts.  Praying for you to stay strong amidst the chaos
Really? Teaching our children to be responsible digital citizens? Have you met @realDonaldTrump?
Keep up the good work Melania we love you
What a waste of time. Responsibility lies with the parents. They give the kids the devices and they can set up the security profiles of users. @FLOTUS has no idea how the digital world works.
We can only hope the message comes through. There is a credibility issue having to stand by the side of the master of CB.
laughable ! Clearly you do not have any ounce of respect for yourself!
@Google @Facebook @Twitter Their valuable insight and expertise on censorship, data mining, trampling on the 1st/ 2nd ammendment rights online, or forcing a political agenda down the throats of people of all ages?
No disrespect towards you at all FLOTUS, just these media giants.
Tweet this: "Donald Trump stop cyberbullying and calling people names immediately." Use your husband's name in a press conference. Otherwise u r making a mockery of bullying and rubbing salt into the wounds
DD the Donald Dennis Stormy
