. Thank you for your kindness and compassion @FLOTUS  @MELANIATRUMP   We love and appreciate you!!
Love this woman! Talk about class & style she is enriched with both!
A true beauty
Happy  birthday Melania! Have a glorious day!
Escape.
Good
It was  nice to finally see you smile! Must have been nice sitting next to a REAL man, faithful husband and a GREAT President, @BarackObama
So this is what it feels like to be near the most beautiful FLOTUS ever says Nobama
If you can’t tweet nice things don’t tweet at all.  Mrs. Bush would not approve of your attitude or hatefulness against Melania she is a terrific First Lady and should be treated with respect.
Melania, there is a question?  Your husband cheated on all wives, you a few times after you had your baby, how can you look up to him as a Christian and say he is a good man, we are embarrassed for you , we all think he is a sexual predator
spooky
Barbara Bush taught the world a great lesson in how people should be treated. Thank you Mrs. Trump for being a great first lady as well.
I do get that at first she looked aloof and snobby. But honestly I wish Her husband had better control like she has. She has in my opinion shown that she respects the role of 1st lady. Just my opinion.
Can we let a tribute to a former flotus be a tribute to a former flotus rather than another reason to divide America? Literally any other tweet and your vitriol is appropriate not matter how wrong or right it is. This is not the tweet for those remarks
Those that live for family, love family and respect family are the happiest people on earth.

RETWEET  IF YOU AGREE with President @realDonaldTrump who said that Obama is behind the protests against him. 

RETWEET IF YOU AGREE : that
Barack Hussein Obama was
the most  Un-American
#President the United States…
Clearly, no other President can compare with the poorly concealed dislike that Obama and his first Attorney General, Eric Holder, held for America and for cops or their obvious racial bias.
Melania...... beautiful on the inside and outside.
Too bad you'd have to stand on your mother's shoulders just to kiss Barbara's ass.
Yeah Sorry Melania I Know too much to grieve for this person's demise. Still, I pray that God has mercy on her soul. "The New World Order" the Bush family helped Force on US will never happen in America I'm sure why the Bush elders decided 2 exit the program I say: Good riddance!
Barbara Bush would be appalled by many of the comments below! STOP! At least for today!
You have access to the best cameras & photographers...she deserves a better picture.
Nothing's moving, so try no flash and a time exposure to get rid of the white dot.
You looked really happy sitting next to a man you maligned.
Michelle looks rather pissed off if you ask me
I don't think so
You went on TV and pushed the brother conspiracy, and President Obama said next to you and was gracious. Did you apologize?
I'M FLY I GOT FEATHERZ!""
I GOT PROPELLERS!!"
اتعرفين الله محمد الاسلام القراءن الجنة النار
SO WHERE DO YOU FIT IN???
WHY are you saying this about her when you know it's not true? Allegedly, she is an alleged elite satanic pedo & illegitimate daughter of Alister Crowley!!
I believe you share those traits.
Hope he has a great game ! Thank you for being a great President, Mr. Trump & thank you Melania for being a great First Lady.
Always has a great game. Documented that he cheats. At golf. I mean the other cheating is documented too. From the election to this:
Family Bush is the Satanic family and has never known God!
We love you so much! You are such a caring person Melania, She is with the angels now 
Class has passed, now we have THIS... Class-LESS
Thank you Lord , for waking me up this morning to this brigh new day, so I can read and tweet this post,Amen..thank you Florus for this tweet, so I can retweet this...
Lucky women
And had your husband not denigrated every president that came before him he would have manned up and attended as he should have.  The level of disrespect is appalling at worst and horrific at best.  #Shameful that he needed to cheat at golf on such an important day.
Please replace this Tweet and terribly taken photo with another photo taken with the same seriousness and care applied to one of your meaningless photo-ops.
It's a horrible photo. Whoever took it and allowed Mrs Trump to tweet it should be fired
Isaiah 54:10
For the #mountains shall depart And the #hills be removed, But My #kindness shall not depart from you, Nor shall My #covenant of #peace be removed,” Says the #Lord, who has #mercy on you.
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
God does not exist. That’s your problem now.
Hosea 14:9
Who is wise? Let him understand these #things. Who is prudent? Let him know them. For the #ways of the #Lord are #right; The #righteous walk in them, But #transgressors stumble in them.
These are words of a religion of a god who allows to kill 4 people in a Waffle House.

Because they knew she had class, above and beyond Obama and Clinton that had none.
Jesus Jesus Jesus. Yet Stormy Daniels has more morals than who u support. What does that say about you? Very Godly guy huh? I bet u jumped up and down defending Roy Moore. By the fruits we shall know their works
Sounds like a good Christian to me. Great job
FIRST Lady Melania SHOWING HOW RESPECTFUL & CARING! MELANIA & PRESIDENT TRUMP ARE With THIS BEAUTIFUL TRIBUTE FOR MRS BUSH!!!
I agree family
You epitomize class glad you’re our First Lady you and Barron are the best part of the White House. God Bless you and know people that don’t support your husband are praying for you and your family despite the politics.
Thank you representing us at the service.
hellow melania
It was a beautiful ceremony for a strong, outspoken woman.  You are a strong, caring, and creative First Lady, and we are very proud you are our @FLOTUS.  There is so much work to do in our country since it has been neglected for so long.  I pray for you & @POTUS every day.
Such touching words from a former nudie model that married for money.
Turn off the flash you dumb bitch!
Reporting you, along with 4 other tweets of yours, was rather satisfying.
for god...
during her modeling days, she looked hot. still does. lols.
yeah baby!! I'd tap that! for the right price probly still can! ooh la la
Thank you our beautiful First Lady for your support  and we love you. Love to our president too
The lilacs that she planted.  <3
I'm sorry for you
Okay.  Now is your time to save yourself and Barron.  Stand up and speak out.  You deserve to be treated with dignity by yourself and others.  You know that @realDonaldTrump will never treat you that way. Enough.  Save yourself.
Her choice her life. No sympathy
I understand where you are coming from Rabbit. Sometimes, however, people are in difficult positions so that getting any traction on courage is not easy. Reminding her that her own dignity is at stake is my way of helping her find that traction. If not for hers then for her son.
Dear precious @FLOTUS #WeThePeople appreciate your love and compassion demonstrated in action that comes from our Heavenly Father  God bless you richly in more ways than you ever imagined 

Greetings friends. Am Daniel from Kenya seeking donations from anyone to help me feed and clothe my brother's orphans after all their parents died of AIDS. Anybody willing to assist these young starving orphans to call me on ( +254712467982 ). Donate, retweet and share widely.
Thank you for representing the White House.
Love you FLOTUS
Any American with a heart does, Kyle.  At least they should.

And one who rightfully thought your husband was trash
She was a truely beautiful person that believed in strong family values. The world will miss her.   You never knew what was going to say. Lol
There is a ghost in that photo coming out of the portrait. I wouldn't be surprised if all the White House portraits were coming out of their frames these days.
Thank you for at last giving us a reason to be proud of our First Lady  We appreciate all you do for AMERICA.
The world is mourning while #IdiotInChief is tweeting. Trump is having a BAD day.
Thank you. For. Being you
You are an amazing and gracious First Lady. I would have had an extremely difficult time sitting next to the Obamas and Clintons after what they have tried to do to you, our President, your family and our country! @realDonaldTrump
You and your husband should try that instead of fleecing the American people and being a gigantic national embarrassment.
Use the no flash setting.
Thank you First Lady Melania Trump!
Thank you Ma'am for the share.

Stay strong plan for the next step .
She didn’t like him either #Pig #treatswomenlikeshit #liar
Lovely message. Thank you for showing your kindness and love <3
So how can you support your husband? Honestly?
I ask the same question of her everyday!
Very beautiful! 
@StateDept photographer vaporize painting with light and selector is in hurry. "She live for her family make them to serve country".
My late Mother’s favorite color.  So beautiful!!!!
Thank you for going to the funeral. We love you as our First Lady of class and representing the American people.
You, Ms. First Lady, are a wonderful woman of great beauty, who looks out for good and God's will in all things, who lives to take care of her son, and who works in churches and kitchens of the White House to make good meals for her husband.
Oh someone does read my posts! I guess you have to watch for nuts!! Yah I'm nuts but good nuts!
At least she did. You could learn a thing or two from her.

The Obamas' kindness to Melania Trump is all the more extraordinary when you see this 2011 clip of her pushing birtherism. 
Amen. God bless you Mrs. President Trump.
Hi
So true
Meanwhile your husband was acting like a complete jerk. Call him out for his embarrassing behaviour
I wonder what God thinks of a woman whose children turned out to be war criminals.
Byla dobrá osoba.
I'll take it back don't know anything about her and never even met her, I shouldn't judge people by how they act on a TV screen or how they look on a picture.
Wow, that does not look like Barbara bush.
Melania you represented First Ladies of our Country beautifully today in your kind and gentle character you always have.  Today you honored a fellow First Lady who has also exhibited those character traits when she was First Lady.
I understand you need to write this for the sake of being decent, but she's not. No one wants to lose a close relative but let's not insult our collective intelligence. I don't want to be associated with that 'God' she lived for

Thank you First Lady for being there and being so classy!   We love you!!
Hardly classy.
Thank you for representing our country with such elegance and class. We love you Melania. May God bless you and President Trump. 
Horrible picture.  Try without the flash & do her justice that she deserves.
Next time, turn off the flash.
It was a beautiful tribute.
thank U for going for Us... What a beautiful woman U are I am grateful for U...
Thank you Melania for your kind words. We are proud to have a amazing First Lady like you!
Was Barbara bush an escort like you?
God Bless you Mrs. First Lady
Your are such a lovely person & I'm proud you are our First Lady.  I pray for you & your family everyday & I apologize for my fellow Americans when they don't show you the respect you deserve. I've been around a long time (turn 74 this year) just give them time.
Lovely reply, beautifully said.  
How do you say classy.. First Lady Melania Trump. Good for you. You represent what is good and kind in our country. Thank you
How can anyone not believe this?
She was a wonderful First Lady.
As contrasted to your Husband who lives for money, sex and power.
TOTAL OPPOSITE OF DONALD PUTZUS! DJT: DEVIL,FIXERS & COUNTRY CLUB!
Where was Pense?
Thank you
The hair icon was there. Did her eyes roll to the back of her head at the sound of GOD's name?
Very glad you were here, Melania. Houston welcomes you and thanks you. 

Our beautiful and classy FLOTUS. Your grace shines through in every situation.
You looked happier at a funeral than in any pic with that wretched husband of yours. Get Out while you can , you deserve so much better
You..YOU ARE the wretched one.  Tbats for sure!
Melania amazing words from one Flotus to another whom both are the rock of both foundations, in strength, passion, laughter genuine love for your child but for other children. You will be blessed for your honor and class. TY #Flotus
Thank you for your grace and courtesy for #BarbaraBush . 
And excuse the Harvey repairs and massive condo construction boom all around you. #Houston is an amazing city otherwise.
FAKE !!! GET OUT !!
YOU CAN RELATE: AS FIRST LADY. IT IS NOT AN EASY JOB.BUT RESPECTFULLY SHE SHOULD BE HONORED.I AM GLAD YOU WENT TO BE THE PEACEMAKER AT THIS SAD TIME FOR THE BUSHES!THEY HELPED US IN MS.AFTER HURRICANE KATRINA!  THEY WILL BE IN OUR THOUGHTS & PRAYERS.GRIEVING TAKES TIME.~♡~
Beautiful! GOD bless you for honoring her.
And it was nice to see you represent the WH and to see how gracious President Obama was to you after all the abuse he has taken from your bully of a husband. You are a beautiful representative for our country and it is unfortunate your husband isn't. Hang in there!
Yeah your husband should try it
Yes, I watched the very inspirational funeral mass on @FoxNews! Thank you for broadcasting!
@FLOTUS44
Melania■
Hey U, WATT'S UP
Melania, we love you and kn U STAND
w/OUR POTUS n U R going through a rough time NOW BUT, STAND STRONG 4 YOUR HOME
ju-ta me⚘
Thank YouFirst Lady Melanie for this Wonderful Tribute To a women that lived for God. First Lady Melanie like you are to America. God knows that you Love God Too. 
There was nothing in her tweet about the southern WH. Be respectful of the reason everyone is there today.  Express your issues in a separate thread.
Thank you @FLOTUS for being such an amazing and classy First Lady.
Barbara Bush the total opposite of you!

Run away while you can Melania!!!
What? You don’t have a decent photographer to take a shot? This is utter disrespect posting such bad image, especially on her funeral.
Mrs First Lady, thankyou so much for your class and elegance, and thankyou for honoring the former first lady Mrs Bush.
MAGA

Bless you FLOTUS  I admire the tough job you're trying to do. Many great First Ladies, non are perfect, but all tried their best against all odds. 
Exactly what is she doing? 0 action on any initiatives.
Thank you for being there to represent us.
And she hated your husbanf
And a respectable women
Thank you, FLOTUS.  You've brought "class" back to the WH!
May Barbara Bush Rest In Peace  You are a gracious representative for our beloved country.
YOUR FULL OF SHIT MELANIA
THAT WHOLE CEREMONY WAS A WRITTEN SCRIPT IN A BOUGHT OUT CHURCH.
THE BUSH's KNOW NOTHING ABOUT SACRIFICE.
I don’t know who that is FLOTUS, but I do so well admire you. Your swag is most definitely amazing.

is @jjabrams the director of photography on this one?
Thank you First Lady
Yes, Barbara Bush had class and dignity; neither of which your Sugar Daddy possesses. Trump lives for Stormy Daniels, Karen McDougal, and mostly for self-aggrandizement. You sold out. Barbara never did.
Although today is the day to remember with deep affection & respect, Former First Lady Barbara Bush,  it is worth noting the class, grace, and dignity of our present @FLOTUS.  You rise above them all, @Flotus. Barbara Bush would have been so proud of you! God bless.
Lovely picture but she was so much prettier than that.

Unlike your husband who lives for raw dogging porn stars , tanning and lying #FOH
It's clear watching BB's funeral what I have always believed is hopefully still true. We all don't have to agree politically but we can share decency, respect & kindness. I pray we again get to that point of commonality & no longer accept a leader who spews hateful rhetoric.
Perhaps you can think what your funeral will be like. Stand up now against the hateful rhetoric and name calling. You do have a voice. Don't be a puppet to do bidding as you did with questioning Obama's birth in USA! He is a decent, kind man. You don't have to like his politics.
Yeah. To bad your not worth her time
You are correct. There are many who care about you.
STOP CHAIN MIGRATION, DEPORT MELANIAS PARENTS
There god is satin Lucifer not Jesus Christ. They are a very evil family I’m sick of hearing how great they are. Her father was the beast Alister crawly. So there not good bushes dad financed hitler and u people call them great. I’m wondering about the people saying this
Thank  you ,  Melania !

You should be president instead of your husband. You care for people and he cares for himself. It is a shame that you are married to that man.
2/2 Think of what ppl were expressing. Helping others. Civility. No one can imagine Bush/Obama/Clinton treating others so cruelly. I do not know if USA can return to kinder place until we have another President and fear yr husband has already created such divide. Pray u can help.
Something you will never be known for
Hola 
BEING FAKE IS PART OF YOUR JOB AS FLOTUS WE. TOTALLY GET IT
What a Nice Face This Amazing Wooman
Thank you, Melania, for always being so considerate and kind
It’s a tiny bowl of flowers. Get over yourself!

Dump the Trump.
You did good . stay strong , we all know that you have your work cut out for you .
Both of you represent our country with dignity & honesty. Thank you Flotus.
God bless you. Thank you for representing our country with such grace.
So true, thank you FLOTUS!!
Did you take notes on how to treat people? On how much your vindictiveness differs from her character? On not being complicit with immorality?
Your smile shone bright today with Obama.
Was very beautiful!! God Bless you Melania!!
Thank you for representing us.
Give it try. Honesty and authenticity really are the best medicine. Check yourself and get real lady. America would like to see at least a real @FLOTUS  since we’re stuck w/ a fake @POTUS
You are a gracious First Lady. We are so very, very proud of you.

You seemed happy to be away from Donald for a while.
Beautiful 
You are truly a class act Madam First Lady.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1631397110247116&id=901591046561063 … Bonne Semaine en JÉSUS-CHRIST
Nice to see you smile
What a beautiful lady you are FLOTUS.
Thank you for your kind words!  MOST of us appreciate you and our President- but most wont admit it????
much like you and we appreciate it.
#strength & love#
