Are you really safe with that #moron @realDonaldTrump?



Yes
من اصبح معافى في جسده يملك قوت يومه فقد ملك الدنيا
@FLOTUS You are a very humble, graceful, beautiful lady, & it shows in so many ways.  We are so thankful for you & President Trump, behind every good man their is a fantastic woman.  I'm so happy everyone was safe, love the picture, military family member.#American100percent
The most anyone’s seen you smile since election night. The guy on your right seems delighted
what is your problem? #Rude
I don’t have a problem. I had an opinion. I wasn’t asking your approval.
you are entitled to your opinion however do not make rude comments about our #FirstLady on one of my tweets or retweets please.  #Respect our #FirstLady which is yours also. #MAGA 
How is commenting she’s smiling rude?  The last dozen pics I’ve seen of her she’s been frowning. I was happy to see her not frowning.  And fyi I’ll say whatever I want about her or any other public figure. Again I wasn’t and don’t need your approval. #porngate
Stop being a douche.
The Douche d-ckface is her own lying, cheating, scumbag husband, who raw dogged a pornstar and other adult entertainers while his recent bride was home caring for their newborn. Your moral compass is non existent.
appears you are describing #clinton so yes that is true and factual about him.
Easy job with Potus far away playing golf. 
Thanks First Lady Melania 
Ur Welcome First Lady ! The Best of Us,Started Out at Our First Academy At LAFB,TX.
No surprise the only time you smile is when you are alone or with your son. I totally understand

Looking good, I love the dress you wore and his tie matched ;)
Beautiful
#FirstClass @zanbunn
#TeamMelania
Love you but your husband, well, that’s another matter
No one cares what a nobody thinks. Buzz off troll.
GREAT PICTURE 
BEAUTIFUL FIRST LADY
Melania is the most beautiful First Lady in recent memory.

#MAGA #MakeTheFirstLadyGreatAgain
Plastic surgery does that for people...
Jealous
Thank you @FLOTUS !
@FLOTUS She smiles with every man except the @POTUS_US can't blame her but she knew who she was getting.

She's taller then all of them! Classy lady! What a gem.
Hi you father is the peaple of iran
Iranian people are saddened
Thank you Texas!
Our First Lady of the People.
Thank you Melania for attending
We love you Melania! So proud to have such a beautiful FLOTUS and a great POTUS!
Love you so much!!!! Thanks for all you do for us 
Love you!
Cao duso
Thank you Melania for bringing grace, beauty and class to our White House instead of the last eight years of ugly.

Why are Michelle's hands folded in front of her? 

Isn't FLOTUS beautiful?
BIMBO!
BOT! Bless yer heart!
I LOVE THIS LOVELY PLACE WHERE I LEARNED A LOT ABOUT LIVE.

THANK YOU  AMERICA.
BEST STATE LIKE BEST FIRST LADY
Tell her to grab the president's hand on camera and stop shying. I know she's cute and classy but cum on.
Godbless FLOTUS
I think it is amazing how you and your husband support Law Enforcement.  It's much appreciated
Too bad Donnie want concerned about your safety!

Thank you First Lady
Wow you needed to waste that much tax payer money and have that much profecction...honey your not speical  #worstfirstlady
As long as your pike of garbage husband stayed away everyone was safe
Ask the pilot to take you home acriss the pond. We'll let #Mueller dispose of Donald bybtossing him in prison for life.
Thank You! Thank You! for supporting the military and police. The Clinton's and Obama's never did and never will.
Escape.
#Thank you Melania
You look beautiful standing with these guys instead of that other one you have to stand with sometimes. He really needs your help!
Thanks for all you do FLOTUS. 
You’re there for a funeral for a former 1st lady and you turn it into a photop. Just like after Parkland. This pic could have been quietly shared with these LEOs. But you had to be gaudy and make it about you. His & Hers matching narcissism I guess.
Thank you. We love and Support all of you and your families. God Bless you.
It is a honor to have Melania Trump as Our First Lady.
Melania is the First Lady of Bots? I did not know that.
yes.
This is some photo!  God Bless TX 
not everyone only Americans
First Class First Lady. Blessings to you and your family.
Yep and she was a first class mistress too
SHAMELESS. Today is a day for Americans to mourn the passing of a great first lady. How dare you try to make it about you, by taking a photo op. Please show some dignity and class for a change.
Did she take this photo at the funeral? NO. It was taken as she was leaving and most likely at the request of the Officers and Military personnel. Take your trolling elsewhere. It is you that is shameless.
Yes, it’s a jealous troll.
Take a bow TEXAS!!!!!!
#MAGA 
#GodBlessAmerica
Hey Daniel LT

How do you relax
???????
Come on Daniel LT

I despair, I really do.
Maybe take the Lord in your life.He will give you all the hope and thankfulness you will ever need in life. God Bless
Come on Daniel LT

It's 9:38PM - maybe you should go to bed.
God Bless you for going on behalf of the country & your family. Can't imagine it was very tolerable, but you went out of respect. Thank you FLOTUS for all you are!
God Bless @FLOTUS! God Bless Texas! 
My God does not have ANYTHING to do with the Trump crime family
Not sure who your GOD is, but mine forgives those who ask for forgiveness.  He also forgives those who have committed Murder, abortion and multiple sins. I’ll almost bet, that he has forgiven your Hatred and Vindictive Actions towards those you have sinned against.
#Texas
God bless our wonderful First Lady!
Not a frown amongst them...
Mrs Trump, thank you for the shout out to Law Enforcement; they deserve it for all the sacrifices they make here at home.

I'm curious when will someone carry 'A Message to Garcia?'

@POTUS needs to know the legacy he'll leave if the TRUTH isn't known.
What is this letter to Garcia about?
An  essay "A Message to Garcia!" Elbert Hubbard. 1899.
Only 3 Pages... SMH

http://www.benning.army.mil/infantry/199th/ocs/content/pdf/Message%20to%20Garcia.pdf …

Apparently it should be on the required reading list every single year from k-16!
USA
Idiot.
Great picture of the FLOTUS
Super

FLOTUS, we are blessed to have you as our First Lady!
You look so happy with Pres. @BarackObama. 
Surprised he didn't start taking selfies with her.
I'm surprised she didn't want to. She admires him.
Yea, right, sure looks that way. She can't even look at him because SHE KNOWS.

I think it is great that we have a FIRST LADY who is willing to show appreciation and respect to our Police and all First Responders for there work.  Thank You Mrs. Trump @FLOTUS
#MAGA
Zero class.
What a waste of taxpayers money. Totally useless to have a Trump at the memorial service for Barbara Bush. Please stop these ridiculous publicity stunts.
I went back and really looked at the picture. lol It was an honor of their lifetimes to protect you!
It’s really cute, isn’t it?  I hope FLOTUS knows how much she is loved by so many of us!
Wow! Gorgeous! That's Right Texas Does Everything in A Big Way!  
Especially mistakes

LOVE TO YOU MELANIA!!!!
Thank you for coming to Houston to honor Barbara Bush.
So glad for your safety. God bless you and your family.
We love you Melania! I'm so sorry you get attacked by these monsters. You are lovely inside and out. Please know you are respected and admired by millions of people. 
Happy birthday Melania Trump and have a great day
Brains Beauty Elegance Grace and Style.......loving .... compassionate   Great mother and citizen. We L O V E YOU!!!!!!

SUCH A CREEPY TOOL FOR CORRUPTION
Texas people are awesome!

Thank you FLOTUS Trump. God bless you.
I'm praying for protection
A very gracious first Lady. I see more of a real person.
Tell Trump to lock up Mueller, Rosenstein and Kushner now!!!!
That you FLOTUS for sharing
We love you Malenia TRUMP. 
You look soooooo happy without him Melania ...
@IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump 
@FoxNews 
@laura

Thank you for going there for all of us  First Lady 
She’s a lovely lady. What the hell is she doing with trump
Anything she wants to
Melania is very thoughtful I don't think I've ever seen Michelle Obama tweeted anything of that nature
Thank you @FLOTUS. I’m so proud that you are our First Lady. You have so much class.
This lady has class!
Ohhhhhhh wow
meanwhile, the whole world knows your hubby raw-dogged a porn star and got shot down by another one, no matter how much MONEY HE OFFERED HER.

oh plus he lied about not staying overnight in Moscow, and now there's proof.

have a nice day, #birther
Miss Universe host says Trump stayed overnight on 2013 Moscow trip, contradicting what he told Comey http://hill.cm/q3Pw6PH  

Yep
Goodness you look tall in that photo.  Thank you for restoring class in the White House.
First Lady is beautiful and gracious. She brought the Maitre’D that waited on Mrs. Bush & another person with her to the funeral. I can’t imagine any of the others doing that. That made me respect her even more. Thank you FLOTUS Melania

What class Melania ! Please, "donnez des conseils de maintien à Mamie Macron" lol !
Beautiful xoxo 
Good Lord!  If this is what it took to get you there you should have stayed home. Way too much taxpayer money wasted on you and your family.
Thank you.  You are incredible.

Caption Contest. Ends 10pm EST
Creepy AF Donald Trump 

#saturdaynight #Resist OMFG! 
#MAGA
Thank you Mrs. TRUMP for attending Barbara Bush's funeral. Thank you for representing the United States with dignity and compassion for her and the country's loss.
i'm so proud of you First Lady Trump
Thank you Melania for being so gracious and classy. America loves our @FLOTUS You make us proud
Texas agrees with you. You should leave DT & move on down here.
Classy
How is she the tallest in this picture? Short ass Texans
Thanx people in Blue!
 Well, it’s the #TEXAS way. Proud you recognized our great #LEO officers, thank you! At this point in time our #LoneStarState has the best Governor in history, @GregAbbott_TX @GovAbbott. #KeepTexasRed #ImWithAbbott @SheriffClarke @CarmineZozzora @NRA @realDonaldTrump 
BEAUTIFUL  MADAME 
FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP !
Cool
Great work, keep pushing for more reforms
Potus and flotus are attacked everyday. Hard for her to smile when there is so much negativity.  Love our potus and flotus and trumpteam. @Sjordan30505900
Ridiculous.
Funny, I never saw this kinda support for Michelle O ... Pic says 1000 words. Shows who the cops really support. Go Trump !
Thank you for representing us so well for the Bush family.
I saw her motorcade heading north on I45 towards Elgin Field early this afternoon. There were lots of motorcycle police leading the way.
You are always welcome to come back any time FLOTUS. Don’t be astranger. We love you here!
Thank you Ma’am.  You are a wonderful asset to our Nation and beautiful inside and out.  God Bless You, Melania. .
Where was your *snicker husband?
 Texas!! 
My God , all the guys are smiling. Who wouldn’t when they take a picture with this beautiful woman ! What funeral ? 
great Melania!!!
Must of been nice to get away from you loser husband today and share some laughs with actually good people.
First Lady.....you are in my thoughts and prayers!  Thank you for all you are doing for us!
It’s a shame @FLOTUS had to be in this pic. I fixed it.
Well done.
Thank you
@FLOTUS I am so sorry for the past few years of biased reporting and daily abuse from the media. I trust that 2018 will be GLORIOUS. You will be remembered as the classiest 1st Lady ever.
apologize to @BarackObama for your #birther lies.
@FLOTUS has a rotten soul. Just like her husband. They’re the perfect couple in a plastic marriage. They deserve each other and every miserable moment they get.

Now thats a first lady we can be proud of!
You are gracious, prayerful and inspiring, may your husband be contaminated of your good self.....Tony n Eden
She is such a good egg. In public she is always so kind and a great sport. Even if it’s fake she’s got class.
Not sure why we have to piss away money protecting a nude model gold digger!

Thank you for being such a gracious, caring and dignified first lady who makes us so proud! You are an amazing person and our country is so lucky to have you as our FLOTUS. Peace, prayers, and blessings be with you.
I know they are amazing people and that they were going to make sure that you are safe
Flotus you did your country proud at Mrs
 Bush goodbye
Stunning great First Lady
IN GOD WE TRUST
She's tall!
Great pic ...... they did have quite a few #anons praying for a hedge around you and yours .... as always
Apologize to @BarackObama for your birther lies
Thank you for being the great First Lady you are. Grace and class. You make us proud.
Thank you for acknowledging the Texas enforcement. Nice to have  a President and First Lady who actually recognizes their valuable service to our nation!
Yes, and thank you for representing the US in such a gracious and classy way!  You are a treasure for America!
They are great, aren't they?

We love you
Thank you FLOTUS for everything you do especially for remembering law enforcement 
Law enforcement have no voice they are silenced 
You are right to remember them
We are all indebted to them for their great sacrifices to keep us safe
While your attendance of Mrs Bush's service, It's a shame that you had to sit in the Swamp with those 4 former W.H. occupiers, who should be in jail.
In standing with such a fine group of patriots 
You make us proudSo thankful  grace and dignity have been restored to our #WhiteHouseGod bless our #POTUS, #FLOTUS & #FirstFamily and God bless America 
Thank you for representing us with class. 
You should scope out some of those hottt sausages there.  You’ve gotta be dying to have sex with a man who doesn’t look like an Oompah Loompah.

Have you ever had sex with @realDonaldTrump when he didn’t have to use 100mg of viagra?
If #Spanky goes to jail, is there a way for a divorce attorney to get you more money in a divorce?  Just curious.
God Blessed Gregg’s God the Trumps in the  Heyman  heavenly night was your life and I pray that your blessed blessed glory glory to glory amen 
Living Word God Jesus Heyman “In The Name Of The Lord Jesus Christ Amen”
THAT is a FABULOUS picture FLOTUS!! GREAT tweet!
Thank you Texas for keeping our First Lady safe during her trip to Mrs Bush’s funeral
Thank You Melania, for once again putting class back into the White House. For rising above all the spears and barbs slung your way. Donald is a lucky man to have you by his side. Keep being just who you are. We will always be here to point out just how glad we are your there.

I'll take "something never said by Jackie Kennedy" for a $1000 Alex.
Thank you all for protecting tyrants all day! You did a dishonor to your oath...
It is really nice to see positive tweets from the White House. I truly hope you continue sharing.
Waste of jet fuel for a mail order bride.
Beautiful as always .
Strong, Smart, Feminine and Fearless; OUR MAGNIFICENT FIRST LADY! You inspire all women Thank You, you are doing wonderful things for our Nation!!
Yes thank you, THANK YOU for protecting our First Lady!
Rock on Flotus!
You FLOTUS are the epitome of class and respect. We adore you!
Trump has unique personality but you still are there for your family especially your son. I love your beauty and your inner mind. Hope to see you smile more.
Amen,"ALL BLUE LIVES MATTER,TOO"...
Hey house boy can't wait until u find something negative to say about this young warrior oh you'll act as if u didn't see it CLOWN 
#SaveAlfieEvans Please help save this baby in Liverpool England
#BestFLOTUS
Thank you to ALL of our cops, and thank YOU Mrs. Trump. You have been very busy doing good things to good people. I'm proud to support our President and yourself, just keep both of you safe.
We are so proud that you are our First Lady.
What a "CLASS ACT" you are. I am so proud of you as our FIRST LADY! As much as I love your Husband...I LOVE YOU MORE!
Thanks for STANDING WITH US
