Very vaginal decor.
Cathy!
Sorry. I didn’t choose the balloons.
Looked more colorectal to me
Recreation of @POTUS ' last Colonoscopy?
Those that see weird stuff in that decor think that HRC looks fine! Go figure! 
That’s horrible. Really creepy.
What the hell is creepy about balloons
Balloons per se aren’t creepy. This weird arrangement of an innocent (albeit ecologically damaging) frivolity appears sinister and somehow disquieting.
Hahaha! Yup. And what I saw was someone with more class than you possess. Have a GREAT day! 
Just read this. You're great 

What kind of tacky cheap shit decoration is that?

"We all Golf down here..."

Thanks for the sneak peek! I’m so excited for the new season - American Horror Story: White House.
You win!!!
Hey you...Slovenian illegal immigrant porn model. What is it with you and tunnels?
. . .  Model.
. . . Sure, she was.
Notice I did say porn model lol
@realDonaldTrump SURE DOES LOVEEE HIS PORNO STARS AND NUDE MODELS!
This looks like The Easter Bunny is having a nightmare 
LSD
This an Easter celebration or a Kubrick movie?
Excellent reference
What the hell is that supposed to be?
Beautiful...We Love You!!.. We know it's hard to hear so much negative news from the Media.. but stand strong and by @POTUS We will 
All  stand with you too...♡
You Bet!!!
How very elegantly beautiful, as are you!
Seriously...they are balloons!!
So beautiful!! Melania you make us all so proud. We love you!
All you're missing is Pennywise the Clown.
Happy #Easter 
Great to see American tax dollars still being spent responsibly. Also entertaining to see the embarrassing trump administration completely fail to celebrate a religious holiday religiously. Not at all surprising, you capitalist fucks.
Very Sweet!
ostentatious and just a bit disturbing.... pretty much sums up everything about current American politics!
You should be the set designer for horror films
You're the best!
Sweet
Enter the tunnel of pain.
We call it the Tunnel of Spanky-spanky.

#Stormy
Horrible  - horrible #Resist Sick - #Remove #Impeach #TrumpFascism
Must be hard coordinating things from Maryland. Melania is MIA.....
Happy Easter Melania! You did a fabulous job today. 
Beautiful!
Still waiting for the press conference about the speech you plagarized... Your husband promised one.
Thank You. I pray yours was your happiest Easter yet. God Bless You.
What is this monstrosity? Christ is risen and you celebrate with this over the top gaudiness?
Happy Easter!

Beautiful
Remember: blink twice if you need help.
Good for you.  BTW: the survivors of Parkland massacre are being bullied online by adults.  Wondering if you will help?  Also, keep your hubby off twitter please.  Kthxbye
Definite #accidentalwesanderson here.
@AccidentalWes
All I see is my tax money being wasted for a dumb photo. #thanksfornothing


Leave Him Melania
People in Puerto Rico still don't have electric...no one cares about your friggin balloons
I had a friend that volunteered this year. She said it was the best time. Thank you for all you do especially for the children. You are a wonderful woman and I am so glad you are our FLOTUS!
Is that the effect you were going for? Cause if that's what it was, spot on !!!
I have no taste and that is tasteless.
God Bless you and your family Mrs Trump
Steven King's next novel
Why are the bunnies in cages?

I feel like need to shower my First Lady with love since she is being attacked so viciously every day. The Soviet Democrats are rude, relentless anti-American haters.
This looks kinda Russian! Like your hubby.
Why do you do the Easter Roll the day AFTER Easter??? Ridiculous
Thanks For being a gracious and intelligent first lady
Whatever. You people are destroying this country. But yeah. Happy happy.
Thank you for being as caring a person.  You touch the hearts of millions through your kindnesses.  God Bless you.
Maybe she is, maybe she isn't. She hasn't done anything yet other than decorating for Christmas and Easter for anyone to know...
How tacky!!!!!
Well, tRump really likes BIG BALLONS .
I appreciate you wanting to protect Barron from your husband’s multiple infidelities. But, can you please teach your husband some decorum? Standing by the Easter Bunny with children is NOT the time to discuss the military.  All children deserve the same as yours.
This is hitting below the belt. Leave the kid out of this.. Unfair
I agree that using children is hitting below the belt and yet, Flotus’ husband has no regard for anyone’s children including his own. An Easter event with thousands of children is not a time to talk about killing, military, etc. IT IS THE TIME TO CELEBRATE EASTER. Read my post.
Perfect, since Cheetolini just 
LOVES BIG BALLOONS
Jesus forgives her and I do to, stop judging.
We judge every minute of every day. We can’t help it. We are human.
Thank you for being such a “class act,” our country is blessed to have such a fine lady!
What the very f**k? That's scary. My mommy told me there weren't any monsters, but there are 
I agree this looks light it's right out of Twin Peaks or something.
All your photos look like horror movie sets. And its great
She is East European afterall. Cut her some slack... lest you wanna visit the #Hostel
Nice to see a lady with class in the White House again.....
Klassy 
Love this!  #Easter2018
you seem to be a nice lady, but we are all judged by the company we keep.  Please save the children and the DACA program.  You people are killing us.
Looks like missing scene from The Shining
Absolutely beautiful! You are one gracious @FLOTUS
Thank you our kind, gracious, loving First Lady Melania 
Looks like it might be Miss Spink and Miss Forcible's Other stage to lure Coraline to her demise.
Very cute
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?
That's a kids' paradise!
Thank you FLOTUS!
Happy Belated Easter FLOTUS Melania Trump.. 
God Bless you Always!!
Americans Love You 
Hey Melania...
Tacky, tacky, tacky..
Your taste in  decorating is equal to  your taste in men
2222
Looks awesome. Also liked your gorgeous church dress.
