 #AWESOME !
#ThankYou @FLOTUS ~
@MELANIATRUMP !!

AND.. #BRILLIANT 
#STUDENTS !!
~ ALL ACROSS
#AMERICA !!

"Watch,Listen,and Learn.
You Can't Know it All
Yourself~
Anyone Who Thinks They
Do Is Destined For
#Mediocrity"
      ~ @realDonaldTrump 

 #ListenAndLearn !
#getdavidhoggmentalhelp
Get Out!


Bully much?
So does the FSOTUS.
Be careful with that smile, it looks like your dentures might fall out.
Dentures, I’ve never even had a cavity.  What’s your smile look like Barry?
You're great. I hope you'll find the strength to get away from your husband. #freemelania
What a classy First Lady we have!
We couldn’t ask for a better First Lady than Melania!
Dude. She’s the Third Lady.

Your just another dumbass SNOW FLAKE. Get your head out of your Ass.  Try for once try to think for yourself.  Oh yeah Clinton cheated on Hillary in the oval office. Dumbass SNOW FLAKE
Wow. That escalated quickly.
Good job, FLOTUS! Keep up the good work. Political correctness replaced the truth & honesty in our society & created a false narrative for "caring." For decades now kids grew up in lies in society abt good & bad, right & wrong. That's why so many ppl are on illegal drugs. AnneNYC
Top girl Melania
Bet she was the top ho in her home country of Lower Slobovia
She fraudulently obtained her green card by lying about working when not allowed.  That's why her nude lesbian pictures are relevant.  She wasn't allowed to work when those were taken and published.  H1B Visa is a joke because we had plenty of pretty young ladies willing to strip
An EINSTIEN Visa at that. Her "exceptional talents" are....
Mel must realize that she isn't as young as she was and #Spanky may want to trade her in for a more Ivanka like foreign model.  I hope she understands she can be denaturalized when he gets tired of her.
Except when they want common sense gun laws.  Then they shouldn’t be heard right??
Shut your pie hole!
She definitely didn’t got to Milford, can always tell a Milford kid.
So how come Barron is neither???
Indeed your point is very notable , you such a right influence to the people , country wild we look up to people like you to change the would .
Melania is stupid!!!!
Best FLOTUS EVER 
Best whore we have ever had in the White House.
Thank you, @FLOTUS for being such a classy, graceful and wonderful lady with a kind heart. We smart Americans love you!
I bet these students couldn't believe their time with Mrs Trump-I would love to see more of her and her voice and words and wisdom and accent!
Nice work FLOTUS. I apologize for how some of my fellow Americans are treating you and your family.
She should be telling this to the GOP lawmakers who refuse to listen to the students about guns.  They will not listen to her or anyone except the NRA. She has no mpact on her husband.
Proud mom of a 1st Lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps thanks you for your recognition of our Military. 
Thank you for your graciousness. And Semper Fi to your 1st Lieutenant husband. From an old Marine.
Thank you! He's my son.
#childrenshouldbeseennotheard
(Unless your school shooting victims)
God Bless FLOTUS

FINALLY... class...beauty...intelligence & grace in the WH.                                   #GodBlessFLOTUS
You mean Michelle?  She was great wasnt she?
Just because she is black doesn’t make her great. Just like because obama is black does not make him great. Greatness is earned.
He could have done great things as the first black President of he wasn't so into free free free which costs costs costs.
He set back race relations to the days of the 60's. He appeared 2 b  racist.

Thank you! The best @FLOTUS this great nation has had in my life time! Thank you!


Good
Do you really think she’s in love with her husband? Do you think her husband is in love with her?
So you do believe that kids can think for themselves, not stooges for political pundits as Florida students were labeled.
I can tell that you made the children proud of you. The media only shows us what they want and say negative things. You spend so much time with children more than the Obamas did. You are a great teacher. You brought love back to the WH. God bless. 
God bless our #FirstLady & God bless the children
Have you spoken to Trump's love child?
This tell all

You are a hateful person.  FLOTUS has not done or said 1 thing to be ashamed of. She has handled all the hate, insults, lies, rumors with Amazing Grace. Unfortunately the same can’t be said for you.
Class is back in the White House!!! Thank you Melania Trump!!! MAGA
So fffffing classy
Greatest first lady America has ever seen beautiful inside and out proof that God is real
Thats your proof?  Come on man..
Lobbying is an important hobby.
Right! Am I lying?
It's refreshing to have beauty grace and intelligence back in the White House.
Hahaha! Beauty and grace!!
Hottest First Lady ever
Good
I know an orange child that shouldn’t be heard
Big Hugs @FLOTUS so true!
Interesting.
@realDonaldTrump I wouldn’t trust you around a corpse as long as it holds still
Very disrespectful and immature of you! Show some of michaels pics are first man-woman
Talk to the ex- president about that kind of thing, but you are really classless! So bye bye dude!
Fight for the children. .your husband hates our country..you can be the beacon of hope until his impeachment.
I am impressed by your demeanor and wisdom..
You are a wonderful role model for our youth & all women around the World.  Thank you for all that you do, each & every day.  You have a heart of gold that shines through brightly for all to see.  God bless you & @POTUS & your family always.  
You mean role model for sad, battered wives, emotionally abused, silent mothers & wives, kept women. Spineless
You know your husband is a bully right?  And cheats on you constantly.
And you would know that how? So you just make nonsense statements.
Way to many women coming forward with sexual assault and sexual harassment claims to ignore.  Plus there is this Porn Star named Stormy Daniels who he paid to keep quiet about an affair..  those are all facts.  If you choose to ignore you’re an idiot
Many wealthy men have to deal with lying gold diggers. Besides...I don’t care what he does privately, as long as he does a good job running the country.
He has started a trade war with China which has decimated the economy.

He may have just started a war with Russia
I LIKE YOU BUT I DONT LIKE YOUR HUSBAND
You have no manners, pathetic !!!!
Agreed! Hope you are listening to @davidhogg111 and @Emma4Change !
Hey shit for brains you do realize your buddies bullied that Cruz kid for 3 frickin years!! So no I don't listen to some young punks who were PART of the problem!! Cruz is NOT the only one responsible Emma admitted it!! And I am sure she still is a bully!!
Are you really trying to justify a mass murdering killing 17 kids because he was bullied?! We all were bullied. We don’t murder people, dumbass.
Did I say that???  I NEVER stated that don't put words in my mouth asshat!! Yes Cruz pulled the trigger of the gun those bullies put in his hands!
You Come to twitter to Bully victims, proclaiming they were Bullies who put a Gun in a Mass-Murderers hands... as you put it.

You are Disgusting.  Go read a book.
#Amend2A 
#NeverAgain

Get your Swim Trunks on... The #BlueWave2018 is coming!
You are amazing first lady and you are very much appreciated!!! @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP 
She's a f'ing door mat....she let's Agolf Twitler walk all over her!  She has NO self respect!
Children know much more today due to the internet. And they have their own opinions. We should all have the important conversations with our children.
Awesome!
you shd be seen only and not herad u need t kkep an eye on yr husband
As a woman this is quite offensive. To insinuate that she can't be a whole person in her own skin, unassociated to her spouse is like saying  a woman needs to identify themselves by their spouse. Quite the contrary. A modern woman does not disappear as an individual in a marriage
Very proud of the work you are doing . You are one amazing First Lady
Very good darling @FLOTUS, congrats.
 our @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP  
You know the golden shower tape is real, just as he barebacks porn stars and Playmates. Now Barron has another sibling.

You must be so proud of your husband destroying our once great, respected country. 

Every shady, corrupt act Trump has done will now come to light.
You are such a sweet and lovely lady. So glad to have you as our First Lady
melania, i love you.. your soooo beautiful!!
I LOVE IT!   FLOTUS, we are so fortunate to have you as our First Lady. Please don’t let the negative comments way heavy on you. You truly are doing a wonderful job!
Wonderful!!  Now for the wealth transfer to the rich, attacks on Medicare, folks dying and bankrupt for medical problems.  Melania, you are still out of touch. Please do something real, tangible and positive.  For instance, denouncing the damage your husband has wrought.
Apparently your minions, who think being a nude porn model is the highest pinnacle any first lady can reach, don' t think the same as you. They want the children to shut up and leave guns alone. Thoughts? SPEAK UP WOMAN! Or are you only allowed to speak when spoken to?
That is great for the kids.
very beautiful country America
America loves you Melania. No matter what the liberals say YOU are our First Lady and we are proud of that. Thank you, best First Lady. #maga
Happy birthday
Melania I just wanted to make sure you know that name calling and making fun of someone’s appearance is bullying.  Some say the problem starts at the top  Maybe the solution does too.  Please talk to him.
Proud to have you as our 1st lady and am sorry for the toxicity of the political atmosphere you and your family have endured  Stay strong
What are you apologizing to her for? She's not the one who fucked a porn star.
Save EARTH with INCOME.  By Franchise RESORT/VILLA : 1. VARIOUS   RENEWABLE ENERGY & EDUCATION Tourism  2. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR   &  FISHING Tourism  3. FRUIT-FLOWER-AGRY GARDEN Tourism  4. LOCAL CULTURE  & COMMUNITY DEV. Tourism.  ROI 6 YEARS as property.  @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS
@susipudjiastuti @ditjenppiklhk @kementan @setkabgoid @KemenkesRI @KemenPU @kemenhub151 @KemenDesa @setnegri_ @DKIJakarta @JatimPemprov @pemkab_boyolali @KementerianESDM @KEMENPORA_RI @kemkominfo @UGMYogyakarta @jokowi @KemenBUMN @PemkabSubang @PEMKOT_SOLO @PemkotaBogor
You seem like a dignified woman. How can you put up with Donald Trump ? The lying, the narcissism, the ignorance ?  You’ll be remembered in history as the 1st L to the most notorious POTUS or the strong woman & role model who stood up to him and walked out on his ass.
do you listen to yr own child when he asks why his father talks in a bullying way?  WHY MOM?  why is it good to act like an axxhole like yr husband and not good for anyone else? WHY???
Do u realize that Trump only bully the bullies? The constant attacks on his appearance, misrepresentation of his statement, etc.. Barron is taught to stand up for himself.
Telling them it is OK to cheat in a relationship?????? You are such a sad fake first lady,,, PIG
Shut the fuck up and support your country’s decision to put her in the White House.
Fucktard...27% of the voting population  is NOT 'the Country'. Not even close by ANY stretch of the imagination. Russian propaganda and gerrymandering put that WHORE and her pathetic SEXUAL PREDATOR/ADULTERER in the White House.
So much hate.
Speaking of kids, how many bastards does your hubby have out there? Is there a Stormy brat? Cohen records will show! Call Mueller; still time to absolve (some) of your sins...
What nonsense!
Trump women are such fun girls
What a wonderful outreach by you and Mrs. Betsy Devos!! I am SO PROUD of you, @FLOTUS , for YOU bring to your office such grace, such understanding - and the children themselves respond to just this as well! Thank you Melania and Betsy! 
LOL
Unless they support reasonable gun law reform.

Then, according to your husband, the @GOP and the @NRA, they should be grossly attacked.

This is especially true when they are actual teen survivors of school gun massacres.

And you sit silently.

#NeverAgain
#GunReformNow
Can you specify "reasonable gun law reform"?
1. Universal background checks. Eliminate the loop holes.
2. Minimum age requirement raised to purchase a gun.
3. Assault weapons ban. These are not used for hunting (who would eat a deer loaded with bullets). They serve no purpose except to mow down other human beings.
4. High-capacity magazine ban.
5. Unleash the ATF. "Let them store their background-check records on a computer, for example."
What is a "High-capacity magazine" and what is your objective in banning them?
High capacity magazine is a magazine that is able to hold more bullets than a standard magazine.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-capacity_magazine …
Banning them means that a shooter would have less bullets to use against a group of people.
Did I ask for you to cut and paste?

So great, you agree I can keep all my 30 round magazines for my AR-15's because the 30 round magazine IS THE STANDARD SIZE for that rifle.
It's shameful watching adults manipulate children for their own agenda
It’s worse to ignore children being killed to further your agenda.
A kid killed those kids.
A kid with a gun. Why is it legal for kids to own guns?
Who is responsible for laws that allow an 18 year old to buy a firearm even though they are considered to young to drink alcohol?

#whataboutism  how pathetic.. #trumptard.
You must be glad it's almost over.  Take his ass to the cleaners!  Hurry, before they seize all his assets.

You people are so vile.
Keep up the good work are first lady
Melania you looks very hot nd sexy wild to me .
Which means what? Yes she is very beautiful! What's your point? She also has a college degree. I would say she looks very smart & professional. Like she is taking her meeting seriously. 
She also looks inviting to the children. A person in authority whom will take them seriously
Really? Where did you find a record of her acquiring a college/university degree?
Who cares? She has shown nothing but elegance and grace in her role as first lady. And you are very disrepect full.
She also must be lazy because she hasn't done one thing to stop cyber-bullying. Her so-called platform.
We love and honor you #Flotus!!  Please be safe.  Praying for you daily!!  @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS
Very good
((pee tape))
I bit of advise, run. Kick off your 6" stilettos and run as fast as you can. Your husband is a serial cheater who has humiliated you in front of the whole world. Your son is at an age where his relationships with women is being formed. By staying in your marriage you are...
Showing his that his father's actions are acceptable. And that you yourself don't deserve respect.
Thankyou @FLOTUS Melania for always speaking up for & speaking out about the welfare of children - 
Children are our now & our greatest treasure.. God bless  
I have an internet bully to report. Perhaps you could help me out with him. He is unhinged and scares my kids. Help!
I can do all things through Christ in me giving me the power. God bless you and your family.
Mrs Trump's participation with children is just wonderful and she contributes slot of knowledge that they should be aware of!!!!
You are doing a wonderful job.  I am so glad you are First Lady.
Awesomeness!
How do the media deceive people in the US and the EU about the "chemical attack" in Syria, how this lie was filmed and they said it was true!
Melania, I’m so proud of you!! You are the embodiment of grace! Thank you for caring so much and being such an amazing role model for all. Your kindness is heartwarming #FLOTUS Greatest First Lady ever!!

Unless they go to school in Broward County?
Well done Melania. You might very well turn out to be the only sane person in the WH!
Great!
Didn’t you and @realDonaldTrump flee Washington when a bunch of kids marched in DC for gun violence? You and Donny Boy are cowards. #fakeflotus #FakePresident #ImpeachTrump #RussianCollusion #StormyDaniels
Thank you @FLOTUS
Our FLOTUS just had a natural goodness about...so wonderful... for sure...
Yellow shower for god sakes

IS WONDERFULL TO BEHOLD

Can't wait to see what you're wearing to the royal wedding!  Are you excited or what?  So lucky to be married to Donald Trump!
Looks like you’re a step momma again.
Freud told us about slips or errors we make being caused by unconscious messages coming to the consciousness in symbolic form.  To conduct themselves efficiently, it is needed to consider the unconscious and cleanse it of all messages.
Children should be seen AND heard -

et   oui .............!!!!

sacrée,   Mélania ..............!!!!
99%? Maybe you are as clueless as you look.  Not our FLOTUS.
So much for people on both sides keeping it classy.. Regardless of what I think of your husband... Stay strong, you are the only person with class in the WH.
Yes they should be heard
Haters are ignorant! Lack confidence!
We are so very PROUD of our @FLOTUS Mrs Melania Trump!
She's got a great rack on her. 
#FLOTUS
Where’s stormie ? No condoms !? $&&$@@****#^#€}.
Thank you Mrs. Trump for comforting the boy who spilled water.
Bless you Flotus
I don’t hear any kid’s voices in this video. Please add dialogue.
On Trump's WALL tweet: You're deceiving no one, especially your base. Do you mean the BORDER FENCE being rebuilt in San Diego, a fence photos clearly illustrate keeps NO ONE OUT? A joke! And those who have supported you are angry you're WASTING TAX PAYER DOLLARS on it! #ARealWall

So nice to see the interaction & those beautiful smiles! 
Agree.  Children should be seen and heard.  That’s why America should listen about #GunControl #GunReformNow
Great work!!!
STOP THE HUNTING OF CHILDREN 

4 sex

STOP THE HUNTING OF WILD LIFE

till extinction

STOP THE HUNTING OF PEOPLE 

For prison Profit 

http://www.theyarecoping.org 

#SpankyThePresident #UrineTrouble #MelaniaIsGonnaDumpYOU
Mrs Trump, it would be wonderful to hear and see them. I so wish the press would show them more. I would tune in to see them Daily. I love to hear there hearts laugh. How they must feel so important to see you. Again, thank you.
Yay yay yay! To heaven above we thank you
Lolwut?
Are you your best self, Melania? I don’t think you are. I’m sure you would be so much better if you told the bastard farewell, if you wouldn’t accept the constant humiliation anymore and moved on with your life, together with you son. The bastard will only get worse.
Wow it's great
@ChrisCuomo @WhiteHouse All these women, all the infidelity but..oh wait I forgot your porn star who only married him for $$ my bad

Donald Trump has a sixth child nobody knows about - Trump Tower doorman https://susanorji.blog/2018/04/12/donald-trump-has-a-sixth-child-nobody-knows-about-trump-tower-doorman/ … via @suzdick
Seriously, if you loved your son, you would pack your things and leave.
That poor child.

Divorce Donald
Thank you Flotus for continuing to serve even with all the hatred in this world. God Bless your family. Stay strong.

So a former "model" who dropped out of purse design school after one semester, and married an orange freak for his money is going to help our children to be their best selves?
Dis and dat
@westerndigital: Hallelujah/ Alhuumdullilah. 3 second long push of button yields simplest (& fastest?) way to clear an SD Card to a 4 TB drive!
I wonder what discussion would an ex-whore or a prostitute have with innocent children.
Unless they are complaining about being shot with weapons of war in their classrooms.
You do Golden Showers in @WhiteHouse ?

Seems you have a job! For putin!
Seems you do to......supporting sexual predators!

Thank you very much for doing this. Will more of this discussion be posted??? Walter
Praying for you First Lady Melania Trump! 
All you ever say is thank you, is there anything else in your vocabulary, you know you hate being the first lady.
Мелания,а дети в Ираке и в Ливии,не достойны ласок?Дети не хотят мира?а то белому дому будет Вьетнам.Во Вьетнаме ваши амеры,проебали и проебали более 60% самолётов.У Бидена можно поинтересоваться.Зубы сломаете об Россию.
Melania - She can’t even speak English!
It’s her fifth language. How many do you speak?
