Dear Melania, I really don't get it. You are a BEAUTIFUL woman. There are many other billionaires out there who are MUUUCH better looking than him. More intelligent, more cultured. Why? Why?! No, like... Why (in a silent breathy whisper)?!?!  #FreeMelania #PrayForMelania
Half of me feels sad for Melania because she IS a beautiful woman and because she always looks so stern or sad.

The other half of me recognizes that she got herself into this situation.

Honestly, I just hope Trump's diet offs him and she finally gets her freedom.
I know! It's just sad. I see it both ways too & I think being a woman, myself, I can't help but want to fight for her.. she didn't want any of this! She's miserable! This is why you DON'T marry for money.. lol 
You're a tool.
Oh Please, how mean can you be?  Each person is responsible for themselves as adults. We teach children. Leave our Lady alone, DumbEarl!!!

February is #AmericanHeartMonth. I encourage parents to take this opportunity to teach children about the importance of a healthy diet & exercise! 
LOL Remember when he said Trump would never be president, or that Trump would need a magic wand to bring back the jobs he has brought back (and then some)? Not so smart after all.... Remember when he lied about being able to keep your doctor? #ObamaGate
my  heart says ....

You @FLOTUS ,  ll become President of USA  in early future 
because of your beautiful SMILE  only . keep this smile every moment.

well wishes in advance  @POTUS 

future Miss President .. M. Trump 
#AmericanHeartMonth
We appreciate ur feeling for America & Global Growths with India  
Stay Blessed 

@kimmywatkins77 
@BobFitzpatrick8 
@awasthis
Who was she looking it, its obvious it wasn't him
not u & me 
भारत की सबसे बड़ी समस्या बढ़ती हुई आबादी है सरकार व सुप्रीम कोर्ट समान रूप से सभी के लिए जनसंख्या नियंत्रण कानून लागू करें रिट्वीट करें
...girl, RUN AWAY! He’s too fat to catch you.

Oh that’s original. Well done 
So is your profile.
Hahaha. Could you be any lamer. Are you 3?
You may aslo want to encourage that lard ass you sleep next to,  to do the same. #Practicewhatyou preach!
Thanks Melenia for hanging in there. Just ignore the ignorant bashers. You and your husband are doing an awesome job and I pray for you all several times every day.
My son was lucky and had a free EKG in high school and the test revealed a heart problem and he had a heart http://ablation.So  thankful simple test
No thanks to this administration.

First lady Melania Trump’s military flights before her move to Washington cost more than $675,000 http://on.wsj.com/2GCMxIV 
I believe he truly would have loved to be another Hugh Hefner, but that never worked out.
He didn't have to take this job but someone needed to try and get this world back together. God knows it needs it.
Guess the Cyber bullying campaign didn't pan out, huh?
Amen to that, Our’Dearest Flotus~Amen!

Thank you! Teaching our children/ families the importance of a healthy lifestyle gives them the tools for a healthy life. Me, and so many others, vow to improve our nations health. Let's change things for the better!
Melania, SUAVE QUI PEUT!!!!!! It's not too late to save yourself!!!!!! That old man is NO GOOD FOR YOU! His world is crumbling down and I'm pretty sure you wouldn't want to be around for that! He only looks out for himself. What are you waiting for?!?!?!
He is going to get impeached soon so abandon ship NOW!!!!!! #FreeMelania

239 lbs. (!!) makes me laugh every time.
IKR 
First Ornament is spanking him with the memo. Huge 
Thank you Mrs Trump for your humility and grace and your huge heart!
Day #377 of the hostage situation. First Skank (former Slovenian soft core porn model) takes time from her exhausting anti-bullying campaign to focus on other important issues.
@jamesalandarby

You are doing great! Just keep rising above everything that comes against you because God loves you!
If his name is Satan.
@PatriciaBarkma1 
Thank you "First Lady Melania;"
you are "a gift from God."
Lmao yeah sure.
God bless you and the people of @america and @realDonaldTrump. Love @realDonaldTrump so much
Melania you are doing a great job as First Lady ! Don’t listen to these haters who tell you to leave  thePresident and take Baron and raise him to be better, you have raised a fine boy in Baron! They just our haters who are Democrats and lost!
Thank you for a sane comment in the midst of chaos, Melanie.
"When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time"~Maya Angelou

This entire grifting family is trash and pure-evil.

We love you both 
#GodBlessAmerica
You, your husband and family are doing a GREAT job!!!  God bless  America!
Look who’s wearing red for #AmericanHeartMonth !!! #StormyDaniels #pornstar #EssentialConsultants #WeWontForget #Hypocrites #FamilyOfPartyValues @MichaelCohen212 $130,000 would pay for a lot of heart scans for poor women @realDonaldTrump #maga
Good one!
Like FLOTUS Obama did and was bashed by conservatives?
Take a look at him. He deserved it. Lmfao
Melania it appears you triggered the Parasitic Left.  Ignore the negative responders for they are not worth a glance.  Be strong and know that those that are part of making positive change in the US stand behind you and POTUS.
OT:

Dear Melania,

I know you didn't want your dotard of a sugar daddy to win the presidency and cast your whoredom into the public sphere, but look at it this way: the stress of the presidency will only make him die sooner, my dear.

Soon you will be free.
Well, gosh, that's what Michelle Obama did for 8 years and the @GOP did nothing but give her sh*t for it.
if healthy food was not so expensive we all would be a bit healthier ?
#FakePresident: Charm Offensive failed
   #UNTRUMP THE WORLD  #FREETWITTER 
   http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
   https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
Communist!
#TrumpShutdown Thx4 showing what sort of "arguments" #FakePresident  uses. REALproblems require circumspect reactions,butNOT BENEFICIARIES
BTW: feel free 2watch andTRY to understand(according to your lights)the HYMN OF RESISTANCE
http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
Tired of all those senseless, very lastTrumpSwampSupports´and-bots replies always repeating the same dumb trash? You won´t convert those real crybabies!Via NEW SITE http://blockinglist.com  you…
Start with Daffy Donald.
We agree! Thank you Our Wonderful First Lady  We pray for y’all and love you all so very much!!
Thanks Michelle!
sets the example!  #Resistance #BlueWave2018 #EndCitizensUnited
Being a women I could have never voted for Trump, but everyone  is giving Melanie a hard time about Trump and his exercise and diet. You all know we have no control over another human being about weight, exercise, diet, drinking. Trump is going to do what Trump wants to do!
Umm I think you better start w/ your oversize toddler @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for the tweet.  It is sad to see disparaging remarks about Mrs Obama and you.  You are two different women but special.
So grateful for everything that y’all are working on to make our country great again! Praying for you and your family everyday!
Macdonald’s and Diet Coke. Please.
Healthy Diet & Exercise, you bet! Thank you Michelle! I hope Twitter doesn't criticize you for the next 3 years just to get to @BarackObama and his administration. That would be a real shame!
Healthy diet and excercise...honey you sleep next to Jabba the HuT !!!
Strart living healthy by producing your own vegatables that is organic and fresh. This is what we produce in the Karoo a semi desert area in South Africa with little water. Anything is possible just do it!
Dit lyk flippin lekker!
Maybe we should have a $70,000 spa weekend & charge it to taxpayers like you did last weekend!
Doesn’t the Trump hotel in D.C. have a spa within walking distance of the White House?
Mel would rather take our jet & fly off to Mara-La-Go-$$$ to soothe her ego after StormyGate.
So should we teach what the previous FLOTUS preached about? What was her platform? Oh yeah nutrition & fitness for children.That was kind of crazy of her to preach to the general public on this topic huh?
I hope I’m not being too sarcastic to all the deplorables who condemned her
Michelle did not practice what she preached. Have you seen her lately? About 210 lbs. Melania looks like she eats healthy and exercises.
That’s ok, she’s still a better FLOTUS than this immigrant hooker, who sounds like she’s plagiarizing again! 

All I can say is it looks like she doesn’t eat cheeseburgers in bed and she probably gets her exercise from running away or hiding from her husband! Which is acceptable
How’s that anti-bullying campaign coming? Now that @realDonaldTrump has bullied you publicly, it’s time to act! #hypocrisy
I guess irony is completely lost on you isn't it?
Thank you First Lady, we love you. and are praying for you, the  President and your Family.

Did he inoculate you with Swiss hooker juice?
Lead by example! I'm sure you've tried but maybe your husband might go to the gym.....
How about giving your repugnant husband the same advice you're offering everyone else?
I thank you, Mrs. Trump, for showing Americans again what a real First Lady looks like (and does). Have a pleasant day!
Best thing about her are the nudes!!!
I disagree.
Hi
Taking some tips from Michele Obama notebook?...good
"Coolest First Lady" c2018 all rights reserved
So more or less hamburgers and tv that porgy @realDonaldTrump 
Oh really Melania??? Let’s see if Repubs slander you for wanting children to be healthy like they did Michelle Obama.


yes, and healthy habits start in the home Melania.

Thanks...now off to bleach my eyes....
You're in a great position to help this country.  Please do.
Good advice.  That would be a great conversation to have with your husband.
Dear Melania, you are the epitome of class, grace & compassion. Thank you for all you are doing for America and your determination to not be deterred by all the hate in this country at the moment.
But standing idly by while her husband plays race politics and continues on the “us versus them” politics, she is complicit in creating that hate. I pray for her soul and for her backbone.
@FLOTUS standing idly by? I think not. Please read up on her accomplishments. Race politics? What are you referring to, concretely? “Us vs them”? I believe you are confused. It is the Dems who are playing that little game with the “Resist” movement, amongst other failed attempts
Odd that you follow President Obama.  Remember when you were on HLN supporting the “birther” conspiracy.   Shame on you.
Sometimes I feel bad for her....for a millisecond and then I remember her and the birther thing.  Karma, @flotus.  Stuck with that 
a$$hole as your husband and that is truly SAD.
I don't know what disturbs me more... the fact that he eats that garbage or the fact that he eats it after it's been trucked across town... cold fast food is disgusting.
So let me get this straight. are your attackers saying, even if they didn't have body dysmorphic disorder by proxy in imagining @realDonaldTrump is 300lbs, are they saying they won't teach their kids to eat healthy and exercise to spite you? Ignore the trolls. You are awesome!
And not to sleep with porn stars and then have your atty make an LLC to pay her off and then void that LLC.
Wow, same thing Michelle said, except Michelle worked towards that goal.
Sweet!!
Beauty & Heart
#USA
She's a 10
Oh, like Michelle Obama suggested? Good idea
Your hubby is a great role model for Barron isn’t he? Practice what you preach.
Hahaha.....yep your husband eating maccas....KFC and lots of diet drinks....is a good place to start....or are you waiting for his heart attack

Funny how Republican scumbags mocked Michelle Obama for her groundbreaking work in support of health consciousness for children. Now it's suddenly the best idea ever.  Guess you're OK with stealing more than just Michelle's speeches!

So when are you going to educate your baby hubby?
Don’t worry @MichelleObama has it covered...go shopping or something
@OJnaitis
I feel so sorry for you.....married to a snake.....is it really worth it???
It starts at home Melania.
Love Melania: she doesn't get half the credit she deserves. She is one classy Lady, and an awesome dresser.
Oh this is going to be good!
Next up, Melania will tweet to us about the importance of men remaining faithful in their marriage.
Teach your son empathy and character.
Oh honey. That’s Michelle Obama’s cause. 
Whatever happened to your cyber bullying thing?
Oh that’s right! Can’t do that when you’re married to the biggest cyber bully in the World! 
I’ll teach you to spell a word you need to know.
D
I
V
O
R
C
E
There’s even a song. 
Ok Michelle
I bow before u my great QUEEN  & to our commander da King&President and I will not rise until you say so, thank you for all yall do for our nation & black Americans, only 7 more years in the White House what would my high Queen your highness be doing after that?
Help please!

Watch: https://www.facebook.com/Gaia/videos/1810552388975444 …

FDA must be stopped in their overreach! Investigate the FDA!

GO TO http://HomeopathyChoice.org  

PLEASE RETWEET! #homeopathy #affordablehealthcare #America #deregulate #constitution #deplorables #donaldtrump #presidenttrump #usa #MAGA
oh la la la c'est delicieux ce tweet, n'est pas? .@MaraineLaPine .@MaraineLapine2  La #sugarbaby doit garder la taille, ni un kg de plus, mais son maitre, le #SugarDaddyInChief peut bien se gonfler jusqu'a l'obesité.
#HowManyBigMacsPerDay?
An awful lot of class, this FLOTUS. Respect for her and expression of simple sincerity are enough to compel a parent to listen.
Run Melania! Run! AND TAKE HALF!!!
Specially here in America. Ha. Lots of love Melania.
Love & peace to all your dearest.
Fred and Mary were terrible parents.
... and also for people to learn CPR and signs of heart attack stroke or cardiac arrest. Many children have saved lives with this knowledge
Wasn’t Mrs Obama’s message to eat and play healthy? Wasn’t she blasted for it by all of these hypocrites and idiots? As I recall “don’t tell us what to feed our children” was the mass response. Smdh
Yes, thinking exact same thing earlier, reminded me of speech she gave that was almost identical 2 Michelle Obama's. She needs 2 just be very quiet, keeps putting her foot in her mouth. I'm sorry not sure what Smdh stands for. I am not 4 her, just don't hate her luv&miss Obamas
Smdh is shake my dang head. I don’t hate her. She’s complicit but likes her lifestyle. Tax payers now picking up her tab for too much, incl shopping. But her supporters are the idiots and hypocrites I referred too.
I noticed my can of soup contained genetically engineered tomatoes. 

You know there's a problem when a four foot tomato walks to the factory itself for processing. 

What on earth are they doing to our food!!

Get back to natural farmed foods.
If you encourage this for parents, why allow your "husband" to rescind the program that Michelle Obama was promoting for school children eatinh healthy foods and exercise and remove the garden from White House grounds?
I, for do not blame you for not encouraging your husband to diet and take care of his heart.  If I was his wife, I'd want all the odds stacked against him, too.  Remember:  beef fat is happiness!
Is McDonalds and golf okay?
Tell that to your husband
Organic grapes grown in the Karoo SA with very little water. I’m going to have some of this wonderfully fresh and healthy grapes right now. I’ll pour a glass of red wine a little later to add to a healthy heart.
It seems like only last year when people were freaking out that Michelle Obama was telling people how to raise their kids because she encouraged American children to eat healthy.
Why would anyone listen to anything you say
Don’t show your husband this. Should have went for black history month. But your husband prob hates that too
Maybe your husband can find a new heart. The one he has now is horrible.
 u know nothing of his heart!
It’s made of stone
Will you help your husband become a leader by example of sticking to a heart healthy diet?
Your husband wants to clog our arteries with boxes cheese and cause hypertension with sodium-laden canned goods in his Harvest Food boxes. NOT HEALTHY. He wants to cut out MEDICARE/MEDICAID too and shut off our heat! Shame on you both!
Excellent idea. Also, just in case you didn’t know, February is Black History Month. Perhaps you already tweeted about it. I’m not all the way through your posts yet. Happy V Month, too. Be well. 
Be sure to remind #DonaldTrump
Domestic Abuse Hotline: 1-800-799-7233.
Seek help.
You are not alone, help is available!
Please have research done on our own bodies' T-cells discoveredkill only Cancer cells, leaves our healthy cells alive,while CHEMO(of Big Pharma/radiation and pills administration) method,kills all http://cells.An  Art Dealer,terminated for age, we kept at home chemokilled
Nope it's BLACK HISTORY MONTH until 28th #petty
your most classy first lady and you display your heart is big !!
And tell your husband to have one (a heart).
Healthy diet and exercise is very important. I am telling many stories about how changing my diet changed my body and mind at http://twitch.tv/lifestyleG  on tuesdays and thursdays 10:00 PST/13:00 EST!!! Join me and let's fight for our health together! #twitch #streamer #stream
start w/ the bloated orange baby in the WH
XOXO 
We Stand By You
Sweet FLOTUS 
Eat Healthy to stay Healthy
يا ميلانيا أخطأتى كثيرآ حين وافقتى بالزواج من ترامب..فهو إنسان متهور غير عاقل

I encourage you to have that talk with your...er...beloved...meaning your HUSBAND. Looks like he could use some health advice.


Michelle Obama did that in more than a tweet for 8 years. I encourage you to think for yourself..
Lovely inside, and outside. 
Educated. Savvy. Kind. Feminine. Caring.

Amazing how many people come to bully as if its just "ok" to do it. But shrill alarms must go off in the reverse?

I'm so glad you are our @FLOTUS.   

 
HI FLOTUS FEB IS MY BIRTHDAY AND POTUS TRUMP IS MY HERO AND IDOL,ITS MY BIRTHDAY WISH TO MEET HIM,COULD YOU PLEASE HELP MY WISH COME TRUE,EVEN A PHONE CALL FROM HIM FOR MY BIRTHDAY WOULD BE A DREAM COME TRUE,PLEASE HELP WITH THIS MY BIRTHDAY IS REAL SOON.THANK YOU FLOTUS.
Thank you Melania. I’d be do grateful for any diet, exercise, beauty and style advice you’d give. I wish you’d write a book like this - it would be a hit despite what these hateful people say to you. 

God bless you. I  for you and your family daily.
Bien Mélania Trump tu es intelligente avec des idées c'est mignon
A smell a divorce.

Mrs. Trump way to stick it to your husband following Obama  that a girl
Exercise? I remember your base losing their shit when .@MichelleObama asked Americans to eat healthy. 
Have you talked it over with the orange thing in our Whitehouse yet?
Big Macs and Golf for all?!
How ironic. Maybe you should show this to your husband
Sadly with all of the negative responses, it just goes to prove that miserable people will say unnecessary comments simply because they do not like their President! MAGA
The Democrats claim to be the party of talorents, yet this party is always degrading smart, successful women. They are sexist and  Hypocrites!
Have a Heart Melania How about teaching girls Donald is not a good role model for his bully ways sexual abuses that accuse him of sexual allegations. Also tell Donald Stormi is going to spill the sexual  beans on Donald! Someondeis paying her more money than Donalds hush money.
Thank you  very important.  Praying for you and your family. 
Melania is awesome  and caring
Have you seen your husband?

Plus I don't think Melanie cares if Trump eats himself to a heart attack! Also no way Trump weighs 239 lbs more like 339 lbs! My husband is 230 lbs and built great and has muscles and is 6'2", Trump has no muscle and is out of shape!


Maybe you could start your healthy diet/exercise message  with your husband. And then move on to why it’s bad to lie, cheat and bully.  

Serious question - Who hates him more? You or me?
Something I hold close to my heart. My little girl was born with a heart condition and was not supposed to live past three days old. She is fifteen years old and stronger than ever.
husbands too!
Your husband is nasty!
Much love to you sister and everyone around the . I personally don't agree what's going on in this  but I am grateful for me having a mother and I appreciate you and Donald for making life for me entertaining and know I used to hate now l love all. God bless you and America.
U forgot teach them not to believe ANYTHING THE LYING  PRESIDENT SAYS
God bless you and your family!
You should do the same with your fast food eating fat husband
Thank you Melania.  As you know obesity is a huge problem in this country and particularly troubling is childhood obesity. Thanks for addressing this issue. You're an awesome 1st lady!! Thanks
Agree. But I’ve seen how their parents eat. Not good role models. And parents want to be their “friends” not disciplinarians.
Please give a statement for your husband.. our President! Enough is enough of this corruption in our government

agree... U ARE SUCH GRACIOUS CLASSY FIRST LADY especially w that Michelle Obama WH RUDE reaction-goes to prove as my dad uzed to say"u can be well educated rich & STILL be ignorant w no class    MO WAS SO UGLY RUDE-wasnt she ever taught to just POLITELY say Thank u?
Didn't you want to add the following.... "and to not follow the example set by our moronic President with regard to his diet, eating habits or exercise routine!"....???...and again grammatically speaking, why the exclamation point at the end of your statement?? WHAT A MESS!!!!!

Ms First Lady Malania you have brought class back to the @WhiteHouse and i say THANK YOU !
hi
Stay clear of most school lunches. Pack your own!
Be responsible for your children. FLOTUS is #1
@jeffs_araujo35 , attention
Thank you First Lady!!! #LoveU
#StayStrong&True  #BeYourself 
Nice

Two words: Weight Watchers. Then we’ll talk.
I don’t agree with potus, but I think you are a good person and hope the best for you and your family.
PTSD also affects the heart - & the development of a child's brain. How's @BARRONTRUMP doing w/ the recent revelations? I know firsthand the damage infidelity causes a child. Rejection by a mentally unwell parent causes grave harm that only copious amounts of therapy can heal.
Maybe you should tell your oldest child @POTUS
America loves Melania!
