Sit down gold digger. We know what you are.

This is worth one more bullying session from the Cowards of Broward probably.
We we so proud of you as our First Lady! Keep up the good work, you are making a difference and using your resources for good. #Melania
App still doesn’t work- but don’t worry.  There are several apps that do this.
Playing the greatest hits?  Worried about the end of 15 minutes?
Mrs. Trump...please implore the potus to acknowledge James Shaw Jr somehow...@KyleKashuv live it up brother
Epic Troll, Kyle and First Lady.  Well done.  
This is what mothers do when children are scared and hurting.  Thank u Milania
Unity?? Maybe you should look at his tweets that attack the other victims as well!!!
Never attacked anyone, who hasn't attacked him.
Keep Spreading the Word Kyle!

Don’t worry @KyleKashuv. We didn’t forget you exist.
After stormy danials hope u been tested for HIV!
all the boys at home on computers have your Melania photos in their youth and when you touch them they are very nervous
Their Voices are being Silenced. 
We MUST Help Them!  An increasing number of children are being taken from their homes daily and imprisoned. What can we do? 

‘Stone Cold Justice’

https://vimeo.com/86575949 
So glad that at least one young person came out of that tragedy with hope for the future and not to create more fear or hopelessness of it @davidhogg111
düşündümde bu çocuk bizim köyde  muhtarı böyle  karşılasa eşşek sudan gelene kadar döverler.
You made a bargain with the devil.  Your husbands distain for disabled reporters makes me wonder about his respect for your own child.
Your husband has brought corruption to the Presidency and a negative influence to American Children by his example.  Your efforts to address bullying needs to start in your own house.
Please Melania, your first abligation is to your child.  If your concern is about bullying, please don’t make it a debate about the sins of his father.
As a woman who loves children, I recommend you take Baron home to New York., because what’s coming now is gonna be nasty, and you can’t protect him from public scrutiny when his father is facing a Porn Star....I say it all respect.
Refreshing.
Your message to American children, especially American Girls has no value when you’re  married to a philanderer.
I believe your maternal instincts are true.  But supporting a philandering husband does not give a positive message to our girl children.
Bless your heart, I doesn’t mean much coming from a woman married to a bully
Bully huh.. hmmmm at times Mabey but...... bit really just because he says mean thing does not make him a bully.
Thank you for reaching, caring, sharing and uniting. You are class and heart. >.<
You are a beautiful, wonderful person. 
Your husband is not bad. He's a truthful person. I like that. :))))
Why no audio?
According to the information I have my lady that you help people

Your office is very good. not to do evil,To do what is good,to purify one's mind.This is the teaching of the Buddha.
Thank you First Lady!
Such a wonderful message of reason compared to that of Hogg's tirades. 
Mrs. Trump,

 You have a great way with the kids. That’s a gift. 

Thank you.
Hi bro I am India me up me Bijnor ka hu ji aapna btao kha se ho ji
But you stand by, silent as they are attacked by the GOP and you show ZERO support for their cause. You are fake and soul less. #Midterms2018 #GOPComplicit
Potus pope Adultery donald dont mix
this is how it is done, Respectfully, not mother f'n every other word and person like a Hogg we know.  Maybe people would be more subjective to listen to him if he were respectful.  School shootings did not start under Pres. Trump.
how great to raise new leadership in our country. many blessings to thiz youmg man.
Thank you Melania
The Parkland kids are being personally bullied for speaking up against gun violence. Your silence is deafening. @Emma4Change @davidhogg111 #Parkland #SpeakUpOrSitDown
Are you going to allow Laura Ingram to bully a child from the Douglas high school shooting?
Gwen look at the one bullying? David Hogg is using the kid card to get away with it constantly.
#freedomfrommedia spanoj1@hotmail.com
@FLOTUS and they're begging you for help.. where are you?
HELP PLS My child was bullied by sch admin and teacher. Blocked access to online test guides and HW, denied  vision eval. & when we filed a complaint they coerced  classmate to write a false accusation. I have physical proof but no one cares! Had to withdraw her and homeschool!
My child was bullied by sch admin and teacher. Blocked access to online test guides and HW, denied  vision eval. & when we filed a complaint they coerced  classmate to write a false accusation. I have physical proof but no one cares! Had to withdraw her and homeschool! HELP PLS
And then stay silent when the NRA attacks them
Attacks who?
Kyle is such an inspiration. He will bring positive change because he truly cares about people.
Make a change for the world get your train wreck of a husband to quite make the world a better place
without audio, it looks like the two of you are on a weird tinder date
nice
FAKE like her husband.
Interesting that you only meet with the one conservative kid. Most flotus try to bring the country together but you are typical trashy trump and divide......
you’re as two-faced as that depicable thing you call a husband.
Thanks for those encouraging words. THESE YOUNG PEOPLE ARE
RECEIVING A LOT OF BACKLASH.
As you sow ,so will you reap
Obumma would have had Hoggie at the White House..was the White House thoroughly Disinfected after all the scumbags Obumma let in.
Every time I feel compassion for you, Melania, you pull some boneheaded move like this one that makes me not care what the Donald does to you.
Nothing is done just a photo op
Where you there?
Seriously? Who are you? Melanie is doing her job as The First Lady.
YES people Reffected Naturally! HOWEVER ALL OF THE ANTI GUN PROPAGANDA BY WEAPONIZED CHILDREN ISN'T NATURAL! THIS IS ALL PART OF THE ANTI AMERICAN COMMUNISTS KOO(COUPE)UNDERMINE AMERICA! WE R TRULY BLIND&STANDING Nfront Of A MONSTER That's HITTING US OVER&OVER &WeRdoin Nothing!
NRA - gun rights. No one is saying ban gun rights. Majority of Americans ARE saying:
- Chg. purchase age to 21
- Ban assault weapons and ammo
- Background checks - much stricter
- Improve SRO/law enforcement protocol
You sorry excuse for a First Lady! You campaign about Cyber bullying, yet your husbands the greatest cyber bully out there. You didn't even meet the kids calling for gun reform! You are a disgrace. Michelle O best ever FLOTUS!
"Fight for your lives before it is someone else's job," Gonzalez implored.
Thank you. You are a lovely and kind First Lady! God bless you.
If you're supporting the children why aren't you supporting your husband to ban  assault weapons?


Hermosa nuestra Primera Dama . La Comunidad Legal Hispana te ADORA @FLOTUS WE U ! God Bless You
I love the first family 
STORMY WEATHER THIS WEAKEND 
Thank you 
He is an NRA crisis spokesperson.

Hey @FLOTUS , still never heard back from you, I’ll be in D.C. soon and I would love to have a conversation with you about how you can begin to pursue your platform as First Lady and start to help our nation. You have a…
Yes mr president is right carry conceal so the immediate threat can be endedand veto the omnibus pig
TRUMP DOES NOTHING BECAUSE HE IS GETTING PAID OFF BY THE NRA.
FUNDING HIS NEXT CAMPAIGN W MILLIONS.
If you are sincere about bullying you will cease anymore meetings with @KyleKashuv He has to be the biggest bully around. Educate yourself before you allow to be coerced by those in @WhiteHouse who want to push their agenda. Thank you.
Cool photo opportunity for you. It is concerning that you literally removed the voice of this young man and replaced it with some elevator music.
Please ask your husband not to sign that horrible budget
This young man, @KyleKashuv is a future leader for Conservatives in this Country.
He will go far.
God bless him and the parents that have taught him well.
That’s some real bullshit there, trying to make believe anything might be done that would make any real difference.
You know which child is really affected by tragedy?  Your son.
I am so proud that America has a very compassionate and classy FLOTUS
You think she is classy? Lol
I literally dont believe ive seen a women carry herself with such impeccable class
Thanks for spending time with Kyle- he is a great young man!
Love our @FLOTUS 
Too bad your Humpty Chumpty Drumpty husband keeps dividing the USA.!
Bravo Melania!
Read alot on here and don't  know what to say
Simply hold on to your heart & pray for our people. The Bible says, “If You don’t have a weapon then Trade your coat for one”!
No sound, only music.  Why?
May. Not your husband.
Have you met with Stormy yet?
I’m sure many of them feel bullied by your husband #DarthCheater/@realDonaldTrump... maybe you can get him to stop bullying the women he assaulted & had affairs with (@StormyDaniels)... maybe you can even get him to stop bullying the @FBI, @WhiteHouse & #America
Here's some of the other kids creating change. Funny, I didn't see them at the White House? Wonder why not?
Shut up.
You’re not gonna do shit and you have no influence over anybody who can
Girl, we know you're a hostage. It's OK - leave that cheating professional cyberbully. I know your prenup has to have a morals clause.
Get a grip on reality.  What about therapy for unfaithful husbands
No. The Trump presidency is a travesty and you are part of that. Please go away.
Genuineness here?
FLOTUS:U should take on protecting students against school gun violence!Cyber-bulling to close to home base for you to be taken seriously!
Maybe just maybe  you can get your husband to act and try and stop people from getting assault  weapins.
You are a total fake.
How do you take something like Stoneman and making it partisan? By meeting with survivors with one particular view and not with others with a different view. Not good.
Stormy says Hi!
Nice looking kid, Cougar Melania! Meow! You know he'd be a lot more fun than old man Donald.
Get donny onboard please.


Srsly? You don't even know what "heartened " means.
another school shooting https://www.cnn.com/2018/03/20/us/great-mills-high-school-shooting/index.html … while you continue to do NOTHING! #resistance #Bluewave2018 #EndCitizensUnited #NoWall #singlepayerhealthcare
I thought Donald was going to "Fix it"
Still waiting on the executive order to ban bump stocks...
You took the easy way out with this kid. As usual. Why can't you just stand up and be counted?
Scared of the STORMY WEATHER.
Thats a wonderful husband and wife
I hope to be in your bed
Evil!
I even sent it as an "Attn: All staff" to the DOJ.
I just.. just... am stubborn as an ox and don't have 1,000,000 dollas or a law degree to hold everyone accountable. So my personality gets to the uh-oh. That's all.
http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2018/03/18/online-abuse-women-in-politics-undermines-both-them-and-our-democracy.amp.html?__twitter_impression=true …

 

It's just the job ma'am. So I was strong minded, and it's not being done right. That's the best excuse I can give. It does offend. I know.
However. I would never in my life speak in a bad manner toward you. That's inappropriate. So I'm sorry for addressing the topic the way I did even though it's not to you.

Eeeek.. 
I kind of.. well, addressed a upcoming speech without knowing it was yours. Oops. I was a bit more than stern, but well hey, you're you. Be inspiring as you are. 
जय हो
My First Lady.  Class Act! Thank You for all you do.
This college drop-out nude-model adulterer plaigerist surgical enhanced 3rd trophy 45th TRUMP wife will never be in the class of other FLOTUS.  MONEY CAN'T BUY CLASS, YET IDIOTS SAY NO SPANISH,  WHEN MELANIA CAN BARELY SPEAK ENGLISH... LMAO
How is the stormy thing going?  Wake up and stop bring complicit!
At least Trump paid for what he got unlike the rapist Bill Clinton!
So @MELANIATRUMP, Stormy Daniels took pictures of your husband's penis.
May it please the court, and the jury, can you confirm that these are indeed photographs of the head of @realDonaldTrump's penis?
https://twitter.com/shareblue/status/975856776238288896?s=21 …
How do you feel about Syria? Just curious...
Your stepson thinks they are actors.
Mrs T I Hope your screenrs are on the ball today - You need to get more facts re the #Opioidcrisis GET AN EYE OPENING epiphany at http://heroin.2fear.com  and hAVE your husband sTART TO DESTRY THE POPPY CROPS
Apparently it didn’t reach Donald who is afraid of the NRA
But where is the outcry and call for GUN CONTROL and ban of all ASSAULT weapons.
Too bad your husband didn’t keep his promise to the kids.
but your husband is trying to mock them..soon they will be old enough to vote
Maybe you can be inspired by their courage and become a voice for change. Pick something, anything....like the inhumane treatment of the potato plant.

Stormy Daniels slept with your hubby.
Anti-bullying platform?  How's that work for you being married to super bully Donald Trump??
Add phony fake there's more but point being tame that husband or yours first That's playing at being the POTUS.  Your his complicit wife that's fine with me its your life but all that inaugural money 26 million to your friend what happened to the other millions you all lost?
You’re going to host tech companies to talk about cyber bullying? You should duck out of that. Do you know how stupid you’ll look????

Maybe when hell freezes over.... NEVER!!

Every one of us can make a difference. Let’s get armed & teach our children TRUTH in our Constitution & Bill Of Rights!


https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=598869807129080&id=100010181988096&refid=17&ref=bookmarks&_ft_=top_level_post_id.598869807129080%3Atl_objid.598869807129080%3Athrowback_story_fbid.598869807129080%3Athid.100010181988096%3A306061129499414%3A2%3A0%3A1522565999%3A639132455893879193&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
You should watch @60Minutes right now. You'll see some kids that are doing everything they can to make a difference. You'll get to see what affecting change looks like.
I thought you were doing something meaningful. Then I realized you were shooting a propaganda video. 
Pretty pathetic of you.
Agree, but tragically your husband and the republicans in congress are owned by the NRA, so nothing will change while they are in control. Let's hope for big change int the 2018 midterms.
Are you nuts? Don’t you know where we-the-People would be if we are disarmed? Yes , in FEMA prison camps! Our guns keep us free. Simply learn proper use & storage of them. If guns were required in every home we’d all be safer!
These children watched their school  mates and brace teachers murders by an AR15. Five years ago Parents in Sandy Hook had to bury first graders. When will this President and  Congress stand up up the NRA?
@FLOTUS Thank you for your compassion and caring your honesty and wisdom ~ 

We are very proud of @KyleKashuv
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin
You didn't even get the name of the school correct. Your report card would say 'Must do better'
Anyone close to DD is FAKE NEWS
American Indian children have been raped killed and missing and your Yankee doodle dandy 49 miner cowboy hating on American Indians is still going on today

Show us the part of the tape where you lie to him and tell him that your piece of shit husband "cares" about him (or anyone else.)  #Complicit
How's the anti- bullying going?
I really believe you are against cyber bullying. You live closely with the biggest one of all. Unfortunately you do not have the power to change him. The only way your message will resonate if you publicly stand up to him . Show courage.

PHOTO OP! I liked the video of Melania greeting, sitting, talking to him...Trump was to busy tweeting to greet...he's too important...then..find trump, shake hands, GET THAT PIC for the news programs....see how wonderful I am...MAKES ME VOMIT!
So do something to help them make change if you really care.

60 Minutes will officially Air Stormy Daniels Interview on March 25.  It will blow your mind I am told.

Make sure you tell everyone to watch!!…
#efrin
How is the presidents desk so....clean. No papers, no photos, not even really a pen
Run, Melania, Run!
Run to the nearest divorce lawyer to save Barron and yourself!
You bot ! You are not an honest American!
I hear you @FLOTUS and I think it's sad you bring this child in fr a photo opt & tell him their will be change! WHEN your husband & gop party are owned by the NRA you are not a FLOTUS you are a con women so how is the cyberbullying con going got any photo opts planned as well!
