
Cruel.
No one gives a shit.
Keep drinking your kool aid I’ll be over here fighting for your American liberty !!
We continue to fight Antifacists:  at the voting polls.  Wait for the IG’s Report.  You’re going to choke on it. 

Cruel.
When your side porn star finds out about a newer porn star (Karen McDougal).
Not funny.
It’s true trump has to pay for sex bill Clinton got a blow job for free !!
What a small mind you possess.
I doubt it's smaller than #dotard hands or wandering willie
Read your bio “unity, peace, love”. Liar.   (However, it’s nice you allowed yourself to be used in the above video.  )
Do you even know what St. Patrick’s Day is about? St. Patrick drove all of the snakes out of Ireland into the ocean and your husband has dredged them all up and put them in his cabinet. 
Satan comes as an angel of light.
President Trump might not be perfect, but im telling you what he's God's choice better be careful what you say about the President. It may come back on you one day.
Which god do you speak of?
There is only one true living God.
I think you know who he is.
Oh Sheila, there are many gods, but what does that have to do with civil governance?
Explain to me the many Gods.
Some of the current theologies which worship or honor gods:
Sikhism (28 million followers) ...
Daoism (93 million followers) ...
Shintoism (104 million followers) ...
Buddhism (488 million
Hinduism (1.05 billion 
Islam (1.605 billion 
Christianity (2.22 billion
Who do you follow?
I had a green dress like that once such classic style!!!  Love it!!!

Melania, thanks for being a gracious host and First Lady. You rise to every occasion. #greatsmile
#blessings @FLOTUS  
Thanks for sharing. Melania is so pretty. I’m thankful she is our First Lady.
Me too! Bless her. It’s got to be last thing she wants in some ways. She doesn’t strike me as one who desires spotlight. Esp. w/all the left’s mean hearts.
I agree Patricia. She has focused on being a mother & being in the shadow of her husband. For the most part,she has never spoken in front of a crowd nor desires to.
I think the most comfortable place she likes to be is around children. They love her. #love
Remember when she gave a tv interview and demanded President Obama produce his birth certificate to Donald Trump? Yeah, she's a "birther" and she wanted the world to know.
So then president Obama must have produced his birth certificate when he was 16 like every other teenage driver. Or maybe when he was accepted to Harvard.
He was in Kenya at age 16
Oh God nor another Trump. Is Melania pregnant? Who’s the daddy?
Bite your tongue!
Thank u Melania for being so respectable to everyone u come across! As an American u make me and the proud to be American! Keep up the awesome work ur doing with the sick children as well!   May God continue to bless u and ur wonderful family and our strong President!
So proud!
‘Good luck’. apart from the new trade tariffs.  In that regard Ireland can go screw itself....right?

First Lady Trump
Lifting u always in prayer for courage strength and wisdom.
U be filled with Holy Spirit

We have the most beautiful, gracious, intelligent FLOTUS EVER! Erin Go Bragh! Happy St. Patrick's Day to all 
Nothing against Melania, but I guess, that Michelle was the most beautiful and most intelligent @flotus.
she was the worst flotus and dressed and walked like  a gorilla in high heels!
Don't be rude, she was very gracious in her support of Michelle Obama.
Thank you for sharing. I will be praying for you, President Trump all all you families.
#freedomfrommedia
Ну ,что здесь торг уместен(либо закон Америки не позволяет )-триллиард+.$
Love from Canada Melinia!!  You are truly a first class, beautiful First lady!!!  Admire your strength! 
#StopAfrinGenocide

You didn’t write this, too ignorant
But make sure you don’t cross the border! Or maybe you can marry someone to get to America!

O inacreditável para mim não é ele ser presidente do país o inacreditável para mim é ele ter uma esposa assim tão linda
Girl talk to your sister in law, runnnnn
What's up guys
.You are a first lady to be very proud of.
You're always gorgeous
When are you starting the stop cyber bullying program? #DonaldTrump desperately needs help. 
SHUT UP.....
I am so thankful you are President! And I'm praying for you,your family and your Success. MAGA


Save yourself while you can.
In Rassin FSB Boss(КГБ),вы  ошиблись sori100%($).
   #MAGA #KAG


FLOTUS
These people live and breathe hate and negativity. They can't show kindness,  they are too caught up in their own loathing. Sad.
Sharing the love of FLOTUS   No negativity or hate in that.

YOU SHOULD BE AROUND AND ALWAYS BE....  BY POTUS SIDE...
DIVORCE HIM!!
Of course he is NOT Prime Minister is Ireland ! - if you tweet at least get it right !
Maybe you can dress the bastard like a woman and he can become your best friend!

Your husband is a Russian agent.
love you First Lady Melania Trump
Are you pregnant, Melania? If you are, I feel so sorry that he/she will not have a loving role model in a father. Join the Trump divorce train and get out before Mueller comes knocking on your door. I wish you the best, and DJT isn’t it.

Good morning you and your
Melania looks great in green. More importantly, she’s a breath of fresh air as First Lady.
Because?
She’s comfortable in her own skin.
Like this
So what if she posed naked in her youth? Everyone has done something. Look in the mirror at your own mistakes and stop tearing down someone else.  Only miserable ppl do that.
Wisely spoken.
I’m not miserable.  I’m nasty and proud 
I agree that we shouldn’t be bringing down women. However, can we say that for all women? I feel like if you’re a Democrat or your name is Hillary or Michelle, it’s okay for people to piss all over em, but it’s not okay to say a cross word about Melania. Stand up for all of them
Love.... They sleep in different rooms
Trumps had a number of affairs 
And its confirmed a payout to a porn star of $130,000....yup that's love
It is like loving a python...sad!
God bless you First Lady Melania!
Melania looks STUNNING in that color!!

I see Melania but who are the other two in the picture? 
Thank you first lady for being an incredible host! We love you and appreciate you!!! 



Or these three!  And look, you were with child.  How sweet.


Awesome! Goes to show that she looks great even if she's not wearing that green dress!
Lol you sound like you want trump for yourself! Jealous much?
Exactly.  Because everyone should have a former escort, illegal immigrant, skank for a wife!  SAD
Oh wow, you’ve really got me figured out!  What is there to “live up to”?
Your president is a liar, thief, traitor, sexual predator!  A true inspiration
And you'll still never live up to him. Or her.
Maybe you should have just stuck to porn.
Christians worship Christ not Trump and people can and do change
Love you @FLOTUS 
She has good taste in cloths, but horrible taste in men 

Why bother to tweet?
Because we are free to do so, for the time being anyway.
its great to see a first lady who is actually a woman and doesnt have a man bulge
Воровать так миллион и быть так с Королевой,бить так в 10(второй).
Melania you seem like a good lady.... No matter what happens stick by your husband....
Lovely dress. Ditch the date though. Looks like a loser
America has proved to the world that they should never be trusted....
We love you Melania.
Keep up the good work as our country's First @FLOTUS44 you are doing a great job!  Happy #StPatricksDay from San Diego, California! 
I hope you are not staying with this cheating porn star loving husband! He makes you look bad. You can do much better!!
She's FLOTUS!!  Doing much better than your ass! Lmfao
Have some dignity woman. Have you signed a NDA? Is that why you don’t leave? Take the money and run now! Save Baron from becoming one of them

So more "Very fine people" - words from your own husband/#sugardaddy's mouth.
What? Are you trying to say the President caused these people to break the law?
1ST: If you support that #abomination #Trump, you stood on the #wrongsideofhistory

He incites to violence. If you see NOTHING wrong with his behavior, you're a cultist and no further exchanges are needed.  Hope you're not part of #Cult45.
#HeatherHeyer MURDRED by #TrumpSupporter "very fine people" referring to #neonazis.  He incited to violence in his rallies.
YOU ARE A CULTIST.  #CULT45   GET #PSYCHOTHERAPY & try to become a normal, good human being, Tommy Campbell.
Are you even an American?
aaaaaaa haha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I'm more American than you!  
No more exchanges with a cultist.  #Cult45
Best First Lady!!!
Best First Lady was Michelle Obama! (There.  I fixed it for you)
Fake news
Wishful thinking on your part.
No, she’s trash
I agree. Melania is so classy. Especially the soft-core photos she posed for. So becoming of a Eurotrash model.
Lol, sorry mr perfect . I didn’t know u didn’t do anything in your past
I didn’t pose naked for a magazine.  I have never cheated on my significant other. Trump has cheated on all of his three wives. Aren’t Republicans supposed to be the family values party?  #Hypocrisy.

Cruel. Our FLOTUS left a Communist country.  That’s why she so loves America.
Cruel is the attack on our power grid today. 45 sold his soul to the devil for trump tower Moscow. He’s Putin’s and Stormys bitch
The attacks have been absolutely known since March 2016–if not before:
Beautiful in that green dress!
Thank you for you great work.
Yep, thank you for paying off porn stars.
You always look and act so elegant and we  you
Beautiful celebration with
beautiful people!
Good luck @FLOTUS   Looking good
Love you
I like you Melania, I'm so sorry for your situation
SEND DONALD TO FLORIDA SO YOU CAN WATCH 60 MINUTES!!!!

HEAR  THE TRUTH OF ALL THE LIES DONALD KEEPS TELLING YOU!!!
Will you be watching 60 Minutes on March 25th? I heard it will be very educational.
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin 
Stop killing child in " AFRIN "
Attention Donald! This is how to be gracious and grateful and not make it about you! You can learn a lot about social skills from your wife
You look lovely in green


You are an amazing FLOTUS!
How so?
Lady, I told @MrsVanessaTrump to get hers before her ex hubby in jail and Mueller gets all his money.  I suggest the shame for you.  That Avanetti seems like a better attorney than @MichaelCohen212 or try
Oblivious
I don't know how you do this and smile.
Such a beautiful reserved FLOTUS , never wanting to be in the limelight.unlike the previous one always wanting to be noticed at all times
A GREAT POTUS AND HIS FLOTUS
Iiked...post
Hey Melania! How does it feel??? Lol divorce???
You are an amazing , classy and  beautiful woman ! So glad to have you as the "First Lady."
#TakeAKnee
Our First Lady looks beautiful in green!
Join the movement! File for divorce! Your husband humiliated you in front of the world. What will it take for you to see he is a pile of sh*t? #trumpisacyberbully #trumpisashithole
@FLOTUS you are NOT an innocent little victim. You are #ComplicitAF

I wonder who your husband (@realDonaldTrump) is cheating with today? Now would be a good time to “Divorce” that POS and take half his money 1/2
Cruel.
Must be so frustrating playing happy families...
I’m sure Hillary & moochelle passed on a lot of their wisdom into her.
How do you feel about stormy Daniels

Vanessa has enough sense to protect her kids and divorce Jr. 
You are supposed to be smart,  so why are you sticking around?
What did you think of the letter Barron brought home from school asking to NOT arm teachers?
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin
 #FLOTUS
yous are frauds
Sorry to be picky but we don't have a 'Prime Minister' we have a 'Taoiseach' just as Germany had a Chancellor and the UK has a Prime Minister. Easily verified https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_current_heads_of_state_and_government …

Quick get out while you can everyone with any sense is leaving. Just call him a moron,after all that is what he is
Go back to Yugoslav
FLOTUS Melania, you rocked that dress and stilettos.  Very proud of such a classy, strong, and smart woman we have in the WH!
I dreamed of you 3 Days later 
Happy St.Patrick's Day to all the children in Ireland.  from Telly George . Thanks first lady for your good wishes to the People of Ireland both Republic and Northern Ireland. Best wishes!
We love you FLOTUS!
He's not a prime minister
Thanks for being Mamie or Bess. New century.
Good friends Old friends



Melania! STAY STONG IN YOUR MARRIAGE!FAMILY ! DONT ALLOW THIS STORMY EVIL INVADE YOUR LIFE !! PRAYERS FROM MANY OF US !
Might have come out better in your native Russian.
@elodieperdriau je t’attends en robe verte samedi soir mdr
Vas y ca part 
Love you Flotus and god bless you your family and the U. S. A. 
Daddy says there is no God.
Happy St. Patrick's day, 17. 03. I hoped the diplomatic bond between the Republic of Ireland and the US grows stronger.
#StormyDaniels
I cannot wait until you and your illegitimately "elected" husband evacuate the White House.  You should be embarrassed to be standing by his side.  Shame on you!
Jesus woman you must have some guts after your man spend a year ! F@#ing a porn star Without condoms! Uffffff... Sad
A foin thing ya say!
Mrs. Trump, you are a such a class act any your husband is such a looser. So sad.
When does your divorce take effect?
You are so trite, vapid, and banal.
Your green dress is spectacular!

I know,right? Can't believe Hillary got away with it....
Happy St Patrick’s Day.  You look beautiful as always!
You and the President set the mood for our country. Smile, show some affection for each other. Weary of watching daughter in spotlight. Take this wise advice.
Melania your above all you are truly a first lady
Not her best style or color
You look wonderful Melania I'm only writing to you from this point forward and praying that you do the right thing. For all of America and its children.
Do it wearing clothes...please. I am tired of your naked body
Dearest Melania, you are such a wonderful First Lady. You are there always. You are kind, intelligent and charming. It is nice to see and hear you always.
You need to have the courage shown by Vanessa
This is well written english...you sure Melania wrote this?
Dump Trump. Have some respect for yourself!!
Melanie  soy Mexicano aca en Mexico hay cariño
Fake administration. Your husband has made his concubine. You are better than that. Be a real woman, leave him.
Who writes these for her?

I love president Trump and the first lady. May God cause His word to proceed from your mouth with authority in Glory to His Holy name. You are untouchable in Jesus name

To many Russian TrollBots.

@Flotus are you upset that Donald now screws a made in America high class call girl? Or are you glad his back to buying American. I know it hurts, but I guess you knew what you signed up for.
Need on asap
What I hear most from everyone is “poor Melania”. It must be so humiliating to stay. I sincerely hope you can find a way out. #FreeMelania
Thank you so much Melania! Love the dress!

