We the Democratic party say thank you for still recognizing Autism as a major problem in US.
Thank you for spreading more awareness on autism.

Thank you for touching on things that actually matter! We appreciate it!
Vaccination links to autism, 
we should be aware of.

It looks beautiful First Lady Melania!!!
Run FLOTUS run!
Spanky Lit Up
There is without a doubt something seriously wrong with someone who feels the need to do this !! All we can do is pray that this sick individual gets the help that they so desperately need 
It’s not as sick as Spnky dropping jis pants to get spanked
Thank you. I am a proud mom of an autistic son.
This warms my heart

and why are you honoring your unfaithful husband?
I am praying for you to find a way to handle a cheating husband..God bless you!!
God Bless America #MAGA
YES MAGA =MORONS ARE GOVERNING 
AMERICA
So proud of you... It only took you 2 years to find a slogan with our MAGA = Make America  Great Again.  Wooohoo
MUELLER AIN'T GOING AWAY
Well that means we still have a chance to have the Clinton's and Obama's arrested and hopefully jailed.
Best First Lady Ever! God Bless.
Thank you Melania.

#AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue
The people’s house looks amazing at night in blue. Amazing to being Autism Awareness to the America citizens.@POTUS
Most autistic children are Geniuses.  Finding their own way through this world.
NOW THAT IS OUR FLOTUS 
Thank you. Two of my Grandchildren have autism.
Ask their teachers if they have enough funding!
We don't! I have to pay for supplies, snacks, buy a color printer and laminator, because these are things I need for my students to learn. My School won't allow me to use the color printer (ink too expensive) and our laminator is broken and they can't afford to get it fixed.
Have a fund raiser, ask other parents to contribute, there is always someone raising money for kids causes. Folks are happy to give when it comes to kids. Be the solution! “Be The Fountain, Not The Drain”.
If people are so happy to give when it comes to kids how do you explain, I don’t know? Everything in the world? No one cares about kids or their situations wouldn’t be the way they are. Rich folks kids are fine. They run things = no public school funding.
MELANIA don't you have eyes to
See that your husband is destroying 
Our democracy ,our institutions 
Our credibility around the world 
Taken LUNCH  away from poor children 
 food stamps from the poor 
And taken OBAMACARE  
Away from us?we can not Afford the 
Prices of drugs $$$$$
Wonderful to see the White House bring awareness to autism. Parents of children with autism often feel alone. I know, as I have the most beautiful daughter in the world with autism.
Wooooooowu So beautiful
autism is nothing to be ashamed of 
#AutismAcceptance 

marrying a psychotic fool - however is 

#runMELANIArun
Rosie - you couldn’t just take the high road and appreciate support for Autism?  C’mon, you’re better than that.
i am unashamed #autismACCEPTANCE

Why won’t you speak about Barron’s autism? Why are you so ashamed of him?
God bless all those anonymous AUTISTS over at https://8ch.net/qresearch/index.html … #qanon
How beautiful is the white house. Wow
that is so cool
that is so cool
that is so cool

Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday dear Melania, Happy Birthday to you! And many more.......
Blue?  I thought it was a colourful puzzle?  Well, either way- thanks for the shout out!  My son has it, and it sucks.
there is no cure for what your husband has, sorry to tell you. He will continue to hurt you deeply unless you have the courage and leave him. YOU have a choice. little or no sympathy if your decision is to stay with him.

Will anyone help
What a nice thing for them to do. God Bless the Trumps!!
Thank you for your support
Is that for Q's "autists"? God bless them and God bless you, the POTUS and your family! We pray for your protection.
Thankyou so much , please help us. Help our kids to become , as a children of God, useful and apreciated for our nation. God bless you.
I thought it was because Stormy blew Donald.
#FreeSchaefferCox
Very soon
We need to stop vaccinating so we can stop this horrendous damage. It is not genetic it is inflicted by toxic overload


You have so much hate in you that you can't even stay on topic.  #tard
Thank you, For all you do and the great sacrifice you made for America. I will never tire of the grace, class and love for our country that you brought to the White House.

BLUE WAVE .. well done .
Preparing the White House for the Democrats, lighting it up #BlueWave style ..
You wish
Your husband has fucked hundreds of women since your marriage.
In a generic type fashion no less.

I would gladly harvest those boxes. Now if they looked like your mom we might be like oooh, eeew, blech, what is wrong with him...
Seriously?! A "your mama" insult. Are you a first grader?
Only when appropriate. What was inappropriate was your response to someone speaking up for autistic children. Part of Democrats platform is the murder of babies so I'm not actually surprised you don't know where to draw the line.
Abortion is murder. Dem platform. What I have to say should be repeated. NRA supports the second amendment.
Isn’t that nice. I’m sure you worked really hard to get that done. Stop #outsourcing your products Stop #bullying by your husband Get some backbone about something! He is ruining our country
You call people names like idiot and stupid (which is bullying) for tweeting something nice to someone you don’t like, yet have the nerve to tell Melania to stop her husband’s bullying. Why do all of you who dislike Trump attack and bully, yet call him the bully-so hypocritical.
Melanie #outsources her products and supports low paid factory workers. She just sued for millions like her husband that’s all they know America first means jobs here NOT oversees.
THIS is   What EVERY left liberal barking ignorant total blind fit-in failure looks like from stupid trash they type to try and wipe their tears with.
@FLOTUS love ya, you are the best First Lady in my lifetime. We have missed the graciousness of @FLOTUS  for the last 8 years!!
Get out of our White House, grifter

You’re the best First Lady EVER!
Thank you, Melania.

Thank you so much for your acknowledgment .

Doormat Barbie

Thank you so much for honoring Autism. My grandson is Autistic. More education is needed for Autism Awareness.
If U are smart U will never again live in Trump "tinder box" Tower. Do you trust Trump's judgment with your safety when you dont even have a sprinkler system there? Trump doesn't care about U or your son. He cares about saving money at the expense of both of you! Find your voice
Trump tower lite up red
Melanie we have your back. You are the reason we love trump!!!
Thank you.for all you do!!!
nice hus
So beautiful!! Love the blue. Kimmel just insulted you and millions of immigrant women with his thoughtless ugly comment. I hope he gets fired. You are a wonderful First Lady!
Just watched about 30 seconds of your very embarrassing performance with Betsy DeVos.

Maybe you should leave Washington, and go back to being a pampered, 5th Avenue wife/mail-order bride.
Keep tweeting Melania. You are a woman of grace. A very strong woman who shows love in the face of all the naysayers.
Beautiful & wonderful! You're a blessing. God is using you for such good and healing. You are a prophecy fulfilled! He said there would be a beautiful woman with a caring, gentle heart, who would help heal the land. Thank you for being our FLOTUS. You are much loved.  Ann Poston

"Mr. Comey, can you please confirm whether someone has the tape of me urinating on a Russian prostitute?  Melania is upset." https://twitter.com/jdawsey1/status/984541331166040069 …
Thank You
Awesome blue light up!
Melania Trump,besides being totally awesome you are married to one of the greatest presidents right next to George Washington  and Ronald Regan , that ever existed to date ! God bless you and your family
verry nice

What are the names of these @Alderheyinc officials? @NHSEnglandLDN @NHSEngland @Pontifex @Steven_Woolfe @JaySekulow @realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/alfiesarmy16/status/981971011544453120 …

Quick THREAD: What does it mean when NYT reports the U.S. Attorney had a "referral" from Mueller to raid Michael Cohen? Answer: Whole thing is Bad News for Cohen. https://nyti.ms/2Hmha6j 
THE NRA AND THE PARKLAND STUDENTS SHOULD HAVE A TOWN HALL MEETING. LET'S WATCH THE NRA CRINGE!  LOL
