@POTUS Popoldne Mam Uporaba razširjene ljubezni za vas odpravite težavo Hvala  UR loved 1s Americas Heroes n BLUE r in a HOT ZONE fighting combatants wearing civvies A HEAVY HEART wont stop their deaths BUT this will help GREATLY  PLS RT attached PIC 2 POTUS & VP ENOUGH God Bless
@IvankaTrump U both know my thoughts/feelings about Great Women making Men Great I need ur GREATNESS to help protect ENTIRE FAMILIES OF OFFICERS also with Great wifes  Talking about OUR sadness is not making these BLUE families whole or happy again  This will help  God Bless Mam
Thank you!
Yes
Nice try Dan, or Sarah.   The FSOTUS did not write this.  I everyone knows this is maintained for her.
Are you speaking English? Lay off the sauce
Sauce?  I’m not the one whose cover pic was taken in a bar.  Perhaps you should take your own advice
Lmao! It’s a restaurant... but little stalkers who have to go to profiles to get ammo are to ignorant to come up with their own . Whiner
Whatever, tRumpster’s.   Just keep defending the FSOTUS.  Keep whining about that.
We don’t whine... bc we already won
Arkansas....that explains a lot.   Your boy is going down.   Don’t take it too hard.


Melania, do you realize that men and women from law enforcement agencies will be picking up your husband and your step children after the indictments?
Hows that tweet working for ya? You dickweed. Too bad for every incorrect assumption there isnt a  fine or jail time. Thatd be a quick way to rid ourselves of you leftwing vermin! #MAGA2018  #MAGA2020 
LOLLLL WE CAN SEE TH RAGE
They didn't protect all those innocent black people they murdered!
Innocent? I think you mean  thugs and killers with a rap sheet that goes for miles in many cases.  
Unless you are transgender
@FLOTUS
Awsome Photo. Honor and Respect. Love from Norway 
melinia in hueston did these guys protect the 50 that were killed and soon after that was it the 19 killed while at there church service in this little country that  live in sequrity is water tight and if a crime goes unpunished god will take care of it
Spectacular!
I have been request to invite me,if posseable to visit white house,but untill no no any responce from the official at wh.
Thanks for what ? It's just a freaking photo op. Calm down people.

Who cares what u like. Mind your own  's wax . 
Thank you for recognizing these brave men & women dear @FLOTUS 
You Mrs. Trump have stolen my 
Class, elegance, smarts, beauty and intelligence! As a conservative, American woman you give me everything I expect in a First Lady. THANK YOU 
She was a print porn model. She worked here illegally. She married an adulterer and admitted serial sex predictor. You couldn't be prouder??
But you can fix ignorance through education. Get some. I stated facts. Look the word up in a dictionary if you know how.
I'm so sorry that you and your son are having to deal with such a steady diet of nastiness from the press. We love and respect your family, Mrs. Trump.  May The Lord bless, protect, and guide you always.  #TrumpTrain



You are beautiful and fantastic and how lucky the men are to have their picture taken with you.

Good morning
Finally we have a First Lady and President who actually care about our brave law enforcement community who put their lives on the line every single day. #lawenforcementappreciationday #ThinBlueLine

Yeah until one of them gets shot or injured and needs pain medication  then they become #disposables like the rest of us.
I pray you search your soul and ask why the negativity? Are you to blame, or me? And if me why?
My negativity comes from being BETRAYED by my country after serving as an officer of the law & as a MARINE! But wait! My service continued for many years working 90% disabled as a HS teacher teaching kids about community service & working for betterment of all.
How were you betrayed? If you don’t mind me asking
LMAO... no ROTFLMAO!!!

Seriously?

I signed a blank check for this country. I have been fighting since 1994 for my benefits for injuries sustained in the Marines. Now, while politicians profit for our suffering they are denying 90% of vets ALL pain meds for no reason!
The opioid epidemic was falsified with bogus numbers! Rep Roe orchestrated my being kidnapped, illegally detained, threatened under guise of VA law enforcement just to silence me exposing local pain/docs contributions while Mt Home VAMC made referrals to them after deny MEDICINE!
Vet With Chronic Pain Denied Access to his Congressman
Actual footage of just FLOTUS private security detail to keep her husband away from her at night.

Gracious lady!
Classiest first lady since Jackie O
What exactly makes her more classy than the other women? I can think of a few who were more educated and versed on our history and culture.
Education doesn't give you class.

Seems your idea of class differs from mine.

 It's my opinion.  Your welcome to yours.

Laura Bush is a pretty good example of class as well.
Again.....what makes her have class and not the others? That’s what I’m asking you.....
Decent, gracious, respectable,
noble.

It's a persona of kindness and graciousness.
A last picture of me with my child who was killed in Yemen

RT
Sorry for your loss. But Tell Hillary and Obama who started this mess.

History is to alway be told so we can learn from it,   Memes are nice when a fool can not think for themselves
You’re the republiKKKan obviously you do no thinking special meme for you
This is how low I Q liberal stoop. Stop sending us your selfies. Did you mom flush you down with a face like that?
#StapledGenius #Plagiarist
You and your family don’t appreciate anything.
On the contrary. He didn’t need to take on the mess the Obamas left this country with... but he did. Thank your lucky stars for it! I count it as a blessing from the good Lord! Thank you Jesus for the Trumps!! 
Nah, you don't see him going after European immigration. Only black and brown. Look closer, sis.
I don't see any of that over here. At all.
Yup, I didn't realize you were in the UK, but it's all we see here.
You're hot and smart!!! You're husband NOT!!!!!

We all know that didnt cause his feet was hurting at a very young age but he can play 18 rounds of golf with no problem! Just saying

You are wonderful !
Please read
Vanessa Beeley is an independent investigative reporter in Syria, please Melania, she knows truth about what deep state is really up to, children's lives are being lost everyday because us.

To bad your husband isn't one of them, when America needed him he ran....,Sad


FBI and CIA ARE law enforcement... need to inform the usurper...
None of them begged for 5 DEFERMENTS ....
Thank you and Your husband for caring!! Ms. Andrews Garland Tx
Thanks to those brave men and women who sacrifice so much.
So we can sleep in our beds.
Great pic
Who wrote this for you? I mean if you can't speak good English you shouldn't be here right? Such bs. #deportmelania
ANTIQUE VTG HOLY CATHOLIC BIBLE DOUAY AND RHEIMS 1800'S .22 KT GOLD GILT LEATHER
Is this in Slovenia? I don't see much ethnic diversity, which represents AMERICA/North and South America.
#noflyzone4afrin
Childhood kills in Afrin at the hands of Turkey and with the consent of the democratic world
Flouts, not for long. BUT U could be the first immigrant to save Americans. You must have lots of money by now....go for coffee with Mueller. Stormy's cashing in on what she knows, making way more than payout..TALK
Melania, we appreciate everything your father and family members do for all the people of the world.  God has appointed a brave man to lead the world. Go ahead strongly Donald Trump.  Capt.Augustine N. Varghese and family
Thank you
Hello Gorgeous!
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @MSNBC @CNN
Thank you for standing with us.
Does that go for the FBI?
Love you melania
İf so tell your dump husband, Ooppss trump husband ;) to STOP arming and working with terorists in midle east. PKK, PYD, YPG iSiS.   American Army and Pentagon  works with them, ,every body knows that. your dump husband Trump not.
Thin Blue Line stands between civilization and anarchy
A Beautiful Life Begins With A Beautiful Mind  @realDonaldTrump
frm @SANJAYT71334807
YA
Melania you look like a pretty barbie doll! God Blessings to you.

Thank God for a classy First Lady Melania 
to bad this donald trump is a draft dodger
Why can’t we see news coverage of these great events with our lovely and gracious First Lady? Thank you @FLOTUS for your commitment to our president and our country. 

Oh sure...like stopping their paychecks during the Government shutdown!!!
When you both went to TX,  your  husband never mentioned Houston Police Sergeant Steve Perez, age 60 who drowned when his vehicle entered high waters as he drove to work on Sunday.Aug 29, 2017. Why????
They don't keep our community safe
Wait a sec, you took this photo to "celebrate" law enforcement, but it sure as hell looks like an ad for Pentastar Aviation private jet charters, a company that is already treating it as the shameless plug it is. 

 https://www.facebook.com/PentastarAviation/posts/10156073557357240 …
At last!  Beautiful, gracious, classy and kind!  I love you @FLOTUS - First Lady Melania Trump! 
Where are the women?
She is a beauty in every way.  Thank you Melania for bring a perfect First Lady for this country.
AMEN TO THAT & THENSOME 100 FOLD.  HERE'S TO ALL LEO(LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER) AGENCY REPS (DEPUTIES, COUNTY SHERIFFS, STATE TROOPERS, ICE, ETC
#noflyzone4afrin
#noflyzone4afrin
Dems &the left wing media will find something to cry about,but said nothing when emperor o at West point acd.grads in the midst of Isis said"your biggest fight facing you is the weather just another reason why I vote for conservatives,who operate in reality
Make history & be the 1st @FLOTUS to divorce. Sell your book rights for MILLIONS & royalties- between that & child support you'd be set.
We are NOT asking for funds or donations
Just acts of kindness to a person  sleeping rough on your journeys in your everyday lives.
A bite to eat, a chat or even just a smileas this can save lives

PLEASE post stories on http://Bearawitness.com  
This is a Global Campaign 
You always look fantastic and your quiet, humble style is heard loudly throughout the world. I am so glad you are our 1st lady.
And thanks to #fake @potus @realDonaldTrump's terrible tax upheaval these same brave people won't be able to claim uniform cleaning, and many other deductions.
We need a Melania Trump day to celebrate all you are doing for the American people. Thank you.
Thank you Stormy for your service
Loved Everyone's Giant Smile 
On All their Faces as they Posed With Our Amazing and Gracious First Lady
WeThePeopleLoveOurFLOTUS
#MAGA
#TrumpNationRising
#OneNationUnderGod
Thank You JESUS 
Anyone of those real men would be a better man for you, Melania
Very well said Mrs. Trump.
love you Maman
@FLOTUS
I love this picture! It looks like: You mess with her, you mess with all of us. We got your back FLOTUS
:)

Melania, don't let all the nasty ppl on here discourage u, they hav no lives. Their "fake" halo's make them feel they can attack anyone...
#Syria
Well at least you sound normal compared to your pigheaded husband of yours and his rich senator cronies.
#NoFlyZoneAfrin
#TurkeyHandsOffAfrin
#NoFlyZone4Afrin
पर्ण परमात्मा कौन है हमे जन्म व मरण के चक्कर से कौन छुटा सकता है मोक्ष कैसे प्राप्त होगा
So your husband dodged the draft 5 times.
I admire your courage madam first lady for standing strong by the president of the United States of America
Stop the genocide in #SouthernCameroons
#ForbesSpanking
Thank you for your recognition. 
For loving America. 
America loves you to.
Thank you to miss Stormy Daniels for having an affair with a married Donald Trump, just a few days after you gave birth!
///////REAL=HAND=BigFIST=THUMB=DONALD=TRUMP//////////
///////REAL=HAND=BigFIST=THUMB=MELANIA=TRUMP/////////
///////REAL=HAND=BigFIST=THUMB=IVANKA=TRUMP////////////
#TrumpShutdown #ShitholePresident
Stormy for president!
Doormat: noun 1. a person who is the habitual object of abuse or humiliation by another.
Sorry you are going through all this. Just know that you can do better!  #TrumpShutdown
I love your jacket :3
Hope we don't have to send them to North Korea to satisfy your husband's baiting, bullying, and otherwise tempting a nuclear holocaust with K JU.
Try not threatening their pay then.
Thank you Flotus for loving our American People And our Military Men & Women. Previous First Lady was ashamed of us as a Nation Under One God. She did not give Americans the respect we have earned. You graciously have accepted ALL of us. For that we wish you well.
God bless you Ma'am!
محافظة ع جسمك
Like
#payourmilitary #PayOurTroops
Unless you can convince your pos husband to end his shutdown tantrum, those brave folks won't be paid.
Go teach ivanka how to draw shoes
Apparently Melania wasn't the only porn whore Trump slept with. Trump cheated on Melania through out her whole pregnancy and their marriage with several porn whores all the way til 2016. The article is juicy! Stormy Daniels said, Trump sex is basic, horrible and boring.
Helloooooo
Unless you are transgender and in the military.


The President who was spanked with a copy of Forbes by the porn star with whom he had adulterous, unprotected sex 4 months after his 3rd wife gave birth now wants to allow "Christian" doctors and nurses to deny healthcare to LGBT people because they disapprove of that lifestyle.
Nasty

Remember back in the 90s when Republicans criticized Hillary for not leaving her husband? I wonder what these people think Melania should do.
Melania, when will the new first lady take office, do you know?

Trump joked about dating his daughter, bragged about grabbing women by the genitals, married a model who posed nude in a magazine and worked illegally in the US, and has 5 kids from 3 different women, so who would be surprised if Stormy Daniels spanked him with a Forbes magazine? …

Those cops should be reporting you to ICE
I bet some are DACA recipients too
