
http://CoolnessForever.com  

Coolness Everywhere…
It looks beautiful!
Beautiful 
Did you enjoy #PresidentObama’s company on Saturday? Haven’t seen you smile like that since ... um never. 
Don't be stupid, standing next to obummer will make most people vomit. I think Flotus carried it of excellent.
It must be humiliating to tend to flower arrangements and silverware when your husband has been fucking everything that walks. In your name. Smiling all the way. Actually laughing at you while pretending he cares. It must make you feel warm and wanted. You don’t act otherwise.
Thank God for our First Lady Melania.
Looks beautiful. Great job
You are our national treasure

WH looks gorgeous & elegant as do you .....

ALWAYS 

#KeepAmericaGreat 
  
Best #FLOTUS Ever! 

#MAGA
Thank you for being you!
God Bless You 1st Lady MELANIA
#MAGA 
#AmericaFirst 
#WELOVEMELANIA

@AnnaApp91838450 @FLOTUS @POTUS
We love Milania and our dear President Trump
Wrong you love your president. who stole the presidency they are criminals.  If he was in and said he'd get this mess cleaned up an interview with the special counsel.
You must be the low info voter dems have all their hopes pinned on. Do some research your facts are fake, much like the news you watch.
You, Mrs Trump are pure class! We are so lucky to have you as our first lady!  A breath of fresh air and beauty in our White House.  Thank you for all you do!!!
Define class. Because the last FLOTUS was an accomplished attorney, public administrator and a graduate of both Princeton and Harvard. 
The current one posed naked for money and shares her husband with porn stars and hookers. I guess she's whiter... is that the qualifier?
You might want to research her history more.
Very nice! 
Beautiful!! 
You mean the historically bipartisan dinner that you invited zero Democrats to?
Democrats?...oh you mean the hateful liberal obstructionists....uh nope
It’s a slippery slope, wake up the president being set will continue into future administrations GOP, FOX and others will end up on the losing side. Do you really want this? Answer carefully, really think about this
The corruption at the highest levels by the previous administration is beyond disgraceful. Everyone involved in this evil misuse of our legal system will get their punishments.  All of these people should be very afraid because they are all going to jail.  Good always prevails!
That's why we have the Mueller investigation.
Dream on sister...you did hear Rosenstein is looking at other job opportunities..he wants out before the fire gets too hot.  Mueller has never been a concern, how do you know he isn't working for our side to vet out all of the Obama administration corruption?
Keep providing strong positive leadership and putting Children First.

#FirstLady #Melania #ChildrenFirst #StateDinner

Please invite @ShkhRasheed  for first and last dinner @FLOTUS with @IvankaTrump 
why can't they just have dinner rather than wasting a shit load of money on flowers and other unneeded décor.....but I realize I'm probably in the minority
You do an incredible job as our First Lady.
Fantastic and the best example our world can get !!!
It’s important not to over chill the Burgundy, or make jokes about the French eating anything with a sauce on it.
Chill the Burgundy would be a major diplomatic issue. I agree.
Even more so if the President normally uses a straw.

Very Classy 1st lady
Already very proud to have you as First Lady....I'm sure it and you will be amazing.
You are the utmost Melania!
I can not wait to see what you'll be wearing!!
Total respect for how you are holding up under difficult situations.
Why are people that don't agree with every single one of your policies excluded from the state dinner?
Would u invite people that mock you to come and eat a fancy meal with you just so you don’t get judged? Because I wouldn’t lol
So disagreeing with policies is mocking?? Those people that disagree with him have supporters that disagree with him too..... and we all pay taxes to fund these state dinners.
Disagreeing alone isn’t mocking, but making fun of someone is
All of us pay taxes for these state dinners. All.....not some.
Except for illegal immigrants
Distraction. And actually all members of DACA do pay taxes. That is one of the requirement to be in the DACA program.
How about before they enter the DACA program
Your team?  These people are paid for by American born taxpayers.
You are a jealous hag. Marovich sounds real American.  Your family come over on the Mayflower. That the first boat to bring settlers in case you were wondering
you’re flawless in your beauty
Plastic surgery is a wonder.
Seriously, how long does it take to look that elegant? Or does she just wake up that way? It's nice having grace in the WH for a change.
She is to this era what Jackie O was to hers. Class. My parents liked JFK, then, but they LOVED Jackie O.
Class? OMG, that's hilarious.
As Im sure she has 1/100 of your weight.
“Class” is subjective.
remember this is unfair she had a carrier of her own before she was first lady Hilary
had nude photos why did you not find those.
Why did you not find them. If you can’t produce them your just spreading false stories.
As an American, I am so proud of the job our First Lady is doing!
What job is she doing ?
The same as every other First Lady!
While michelle obama made your disgusting, unhealthy highschool crap-food go away and improved the health of millions of children, melania poses for a few pics per tweet. Yeah, sounds like first-lady work to me, not!
Michelle literally ruined school lunches. Pull your head out of the sand and do a little research
Why? Bc she made them healthy? Bc american food is sooo good for you? Please enlighten me
If it tastes like ass the kids aren’t eating it. They then take their lunch $ and fill up on junk food from vending machines. Like I said Michelle Ruined School lunches. & caused those who count on school lunches to get nourishment to go hungry as they aren’t getting it at home
Tough luck, sounds like a bunch of spoiled brats to me. Easy solution: no vending machines (i've never had a SINGLE vending machine in school, never!) and if they don’t like the food, well, i guess they’re gonna be hungry... it’s a educational and parents problem 1/2
Boring
Beautiful!  Thank you for being such a gracious and caring First Lady.  You make us proud.
Elegantly beautiful flowers. Looks beautifully radiant
Love or hate her, you get to admit she’s got great taste.
Oh wow so pretty.
You are one CLASSY lady! You are loved!!!
So I’m guessing the Democrats got their invites today? Sorry but you can’t call this a state dinner with not one Democrat invited. Not even the leadership. Shame on all of you.
Is it really a State dinner if not a single Democrat is invited.  How much money is Trump making on this Dinner.
You bet you're #Demented-LeftAss it is!
So you hate democracy?
#Triggered Bha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 
#Triggered Bha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh, you're twelve. OK.
I see you do not know the difference between a democratic v. republican  system of government.    Is a good day to read a book today. International book day.
A real President puts country before pettiness. This president has no moral core nor does he understand the complexity of detante.  He is no leader. #manchild
Love the pictures. Please have more too on the day of the event as MSM nevers covers it.
#Beautiful #Classy
Finally, I thought we were done for after the Obamas left the White House.
Don't forget your visit to the  is overdue! We are looking forward to it. Some idiots declare they are against and speak for all of us!! Incredible! They speak only for themselves!! SO SAD!!
Great job!
You are very beautiful.
She is inside and out a real American treasure. Thanks be to God for raising up the Trumps for this dark hour in our nation’s history. A lot of light is shining on long darkness.
I’m sorry what? Donald Trump IS the darkness and the corrupt evil that is destroying our country right now.
Don’t forget to invite #StormyDaniels and the baby he had with the house keeper !
You defile all that’s good with your inappropriate idiotic comments.
How lovely & elegant everything looks... Just like our @FLOTUS !!

We love you Melania!

God bless you & Barron!
So proud of our President and our
First Lady. A touch of class in our
White House. 
You have so much class, embracing role as FLOTUS. Keep up the great work and ignore the trolls.
Class??Really. Have you seen her photo shoots 
Yep. Class. Note the spelling for the next time you refer to her.
@jpdagenais79
hi prostitute
Hi pig
What a Foxxx
You are doing a wonderful job as First Lady!
Melania, You are a first class First Lady of the USA.  So proud to have you represent us with your wonderful husband, our President Donald J. Trump.
Sending love to your entire family.
Is that @StephenColbert walking with @FLOTUS? Damn, who would have thunk it?
#GOD bless our #Nation #JesusLoves  #OneNationUnderGOD
2 Chronicles 7:14
if My #people who are called by My name will humble themselves, and #pray and seek My #face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from #heaven, and will forgive their #sin and heal their #land.

He believes in God. Who do you think he gets his strength through! Who are you to judge anyway?
You think Trump is a christian. U believe a con artist.
Not mine to question.  He's a great President!  Think what you want, I'll do the same.
Great? Based on what? Facts please. And not FOX news "facts"
I'm not here to prove "anything" to you! Look it up yourself! (wherever that may be!)
Great Job, Way to Go
You're awesome Melania...
And our best First Lady!
#MAGA2020 
#FLOTUS
We love you @FLOTUS
I bet POTUS sang this song to FLOTUS the day that pic was taken!
Paris in spring?  Wait‘ ll they see DC!
Washington DC is a very blah US city actually.
It was a joke.
Oh, sorry  That one slipped by me. I wish there were a sarcasm-font 
you are pretty
Is that code for obsessing over superficial details that mean nothing to normal humans ??
Thank you for a great job, perfectly conceived and completed
Do you refuse to hold Trump's hand b/c a) it's clammy b) it smells funny c) he picks his nose and scratches his nuts d) all
Did that selfish woman cut down every available cherry blossom in DC?
Pruitt did it  for her!
Very classy FLOTUS. I am most definitely a democrat and a liberal, but this lovely woman conducts herself always with the utmost in dignity and grace no matter what trolls and the unkind members of society and the media (and her husband) throw at her. Nothing but respect from me!
She needs to go back to her country. She bribed her way here. First lady my ass
But Dinodude, that is so unkind. “Go back to her country”???  You do realize who you sound like. Rise above my friend. I know you’re better than that.
@FLOTUS at least the floors will remain clean .....no DEMS to sully the floors like "Andrew Jackson" did with his horses and guest in his day..... Democrats....   Yiks..... Looks wonderful,,,,,,
You do know Andrew Jackson is Trump's favorite president, right? Because he was an outsider. Forget his record, and, as you noted, his behavior. Ugh.
You do understand the actions at which party I am speaking.... The two thing are neither PARALLEL nor likened to each other... As I am only addressing the party for the moment... Other Jackson actions both good & bad are for another history lesson....
Well, you are the one who brought up Andrew Jackson in a way that was critical of his behavior, implying the Democrats would sully the state dinner with equally poor behavior. So, no, not unrelated, nor parallel, since you, yourself, made the comparaison.
No Democrats have recently behaved like Jackson, if that is what you are inferring.Your syntax and rhetoric are very convoluted. Are you using Google Translate? I'm sorry, your message isn't coming through. You are, I think, insinuating bad behaviour, but your reference is murky.
My last little fun...What you mean is...Democrats have been acting Jacksonian...and no it is not convoluted it is correct... You have not answered my question still because you know not the ANSWER.  He brought horses and friends into the WH for a party, ergo the mess on the floor
What a wonderful artistic First Lady. We are lucky to have such a beautiful and thoughtful one.
Your corrupt,treasonous husband has desecrated the White House.
مبروك لك ذلك
President Trump in 2015: "Forget the state dinners that cost, by the way, a fortune."

The White House will host a state dinner Tuesday night at which about 150 guests are expected to attend.

That husband of yours keeps flip flopping huh?
Carmen, maybe there is a reason he is they are hosting this year.. Ever think of that? Why do people just assume the worst. And I bet I can list five hundred things that previous presidents "flip flopped" on. Would you like to play?
Did you invite some of the hubs pole dancing friends to entertain or did you cover that yourself?

Absolutely beautiful job by the First Lady!
Nice
Beautiful occasion! Vie la France!
It would go great if your husband frumpy would not attend, just picture PRESIDENT OBAMA in his place.  The best smile ever while talking to him, never have you smiled at frumpy that way.
First Lady Melania Trump......
America Loves You!  You looked beautiful today.
I’m sure you will be magnificent with Melania friend get out!
I meant to say —-I’m sure it will be magnificent with Melania planning it!
president promise to help Africa to come and Arrest's some the dictator s thnx nice melania
Nice job on the party, now can you please clean up that mess that is your husband? Seriously, now that you have built confidence, it's a good time to seriously work on the online bullying campaign.
Thank you, FLOTUS.
A typical Trump supporter. She's so beautiful, what a great dinner. I'll take a Barbara Bush over her any day. A FLOTUS who makes a positive lasting impact on the world in quiet ways.
First Class First Lady.  Thanks for representing our country with class.
Melania, not a fan of your lesser half, but that being said I’m sorry you got heat from stupid people about what you chose to serve! It sounded lovely, the menu!
Happy Birthday to you I always New april was a Great Month. If you all are ever in Michigan hollar we can share a birthday cake Have a Great Birthday
So great! First Lady....keep on playing your role duly. We appreciate it....
not a fan of your husband but I think you are really trying and after watching you today, you are doing a great job.
And with the class & dignity the Americans need & want in our White House as leaders & examples!  Thank you  for being that For is!
#FreeBalochistan

Happy Birthday!
Um...maybe you should stick to what you're best at: facelifts & boob jobs?
Maybe YOU should stick to facelifts and boob jobs....just saying. 
Can't wait to see what @FLOTUS is wearing for the state dinner
You are the epitome of class, grace, elegance & strength.  So happy & delighted that YOU are our FIRST LADY  Love love love the HAT
You did an amazing job @FLOTUS  such class you rock
Trump is garbage. His mistress-turned-wife is no better
Lovely in every way! How fortunate the attendees were to have experienced your first State dinner. I loved watching parts of it on TV. Also, you were absolutely elegant in every outfit! Love your style and gracefulness!
Awesome First Lady!!!
You deserve better
You did a great job.  So elegant.
Those blossoms would have been better left on the trees. Vandalism for the sake of vanity!
Keep up the good work Melania and stay encouraged.
Really,  you certainly don’t deserve to be having a state dinner for anyone.
U r beautiful and have so much good taste and class. U represent our country well, so proud u r our first lady!

u actually conducted a 1st Lady duty? wow! how about ur issue: cyber bullying. when r u gonna do something about that?& the orange bully?
What a classy First Lady.
We are all very fortunate to have such a classy First Lady
Stunning. Love you. 
- As you are among the most powerful persons on earth and I wonder if you can put a bit of pressure on the involved to have my extremely unjust case resolved ASAP? Thanks   

- I did provide a strategy during the election and it was great to see the fruitful result.
Beautiful!
Great Job! Well Done! First Lady
What are those flowers??? beautiful!!! #gardening #gardenchat
That was some Dinner, very nicely done.

Where was Hubby, checking out the whore houses luv ? 
Elegant, just like you. You have put class back into our White House and we are proud! America once more! 
I know it will be every bit as elegant and lovely as you are.  Can’t wait to see the finished results this evening.
& what is wrong with being liberal again? Cuz I must’ve missed it....
Beautiful! The White House is sparkling!
Everything looks amazing!  Beautifully done!
Beautiful!

Have you read Comey’s Book?
Thank you Melania...it will be fabulous!
Happy Birthday Melania!
Everything's looking great. Have a marvelous time!
Tweeterville must be FB our conservative comments!
We love you Melania!!
I guess your bringing your idiotic Chihuahua Donald.#realDonaldTrump who jus likes “humping” different women besides you. #WhiteHouse
What a timeless Photo! Absolutely perfect, Melania! 
Oh I want those shoes!! 
It won’t be the last
People making negative comments, you’re so #obtuse.  We are #blessed to have such a poised and elegant #FLOTUS! Thank you @FLOTUS for making #America proud! 
Gorgeous!
Awesomeness love our excellent First Lady
It's so gorgeous! We love you Mrs. Trump!
You have created a wonderful moment and have made US proud
Perfect 
Hi nice madam

Melanie hold your head high and be the lady that you are meant to be!
Melania is very beautiful! She has a beautiful heart too! I wish I was nicer to ppl...
How can melania be with trump she looks so nice and.. human. other than mr @potus himself.
Absolutely stunning
It like MTV cribs but for the white house. SAD. You said it was a waste of money, guess after you won you don't care anymore.
Siempre fantástica, imponente y con un impresionante estilo CHIC First Lady Melania Trump 
 Happy Birthday  hope you day is as beautiful as you are 
i love you.
Not that difficult to throw a party when you have a full staff prompting you...just saying...
She’s not doing anything different than any other First Lady but because her last name is Trump you feel the need to be an ass?
Dont take your clothes off Mel. They've seen it we've all seen it and no one needs to see it again

We LOVE  YOU !
I don't support your husband, but you are lovely and did a wonderful job.
 #MAGA
BFD

You belong there, beautiful job.
It's very beautiful.
GOOD....LADY MELANIA.....
Awesome, our excellent Americans representing us
Great Job!
How many blossoming trees had to die, Melania? How many?!?!
Beautiful choices. Enjoy the night. I may not have the same beliefs your husband has, but this is your night. Don't let him forget it.
I am with you all the way Mr Trump 
No media allowed? That's a blatant slap in the face to your visiting dignitaries.
This could be your major contribution to the White House. Early First Ladies often held afternoon teas, dinners, socials for wives and Congressional members to bring them together. This is a strength you bring to the WH.
Really nice. I’m sure that they were impressed and honored.  So, what was for dinner?
It looks like you did a wonderful job.
Idiot.
You do it with flair style and commitment with every angle looking how you take your responsibility seriously. Proud of our First Lady
Your are an awsome first lady Mrs. Trump i am very proud of you
Happy Birthday Melania!  Thank you for all you do as First Lady. We love you!
How embarrassing
What’s embarrassing?
Looks beauuuuutiful!
This was your week Melania, Magnificent, all round, Your hat, a Stunner. It is wished you would work out ahead of time, whether you will or will not hold this mans hand. Beside him you are the one we see. Do let Melania read her own best tweets.
XREF: you, Evelyn
Looking classy and gorgeous as usual!  Enjoy the dinner!
Beautiful Job
You have brought elegance back to the White House! Your gown was the most beautiful I have ever seen worn to a state dinner. Thank you for all your work that made this a very successful and beautifully planned dinner! The United States is so lucky to have you as our First Lady!
Keep your husband locked in the basement and all will go well.
Lovely job Melania! Ignore the #Libtards... I do. 
Our First Lady is amazing, she planned the First State Dinner at the White House on her own, saving the White House money by not hiring any outside advisors, Thank You
It is hard to have any feelings for her because her personality is FLAT!  Responses and movements seem robotic. She rarely displays any type of emotion unless its the obligatory smile. Her posture is always so stiff as displayed in this image.
Thank you for sharing!
Nice. If FLOTUS had all the hands that ex-flotus had....
Smh.
