I would just like to know.  Do you really believe that hush money is paid for no reason???  You are better than being treated the way that you are.  Please, WAKE UP!!!
I feel bad for you. Just wanted you to know. No wife should be humiliated like this.
Dear Melania Trump. I am 63 years old. You are the most beautiful, gracious and refined First Lady of my  life time. You are a woman of class and dignity. Please do not ever become disheartened or discouraged by those hateful shallow others. Proud to call you ours!.
Your husband just jizzed
But very humiliating
Right on, “President” Can’t-keep-my-dick-in-my-pants
This is the happiest I’ve seen you, since becoming FLOTUS.  Sorry your husband is not a very nice man.   2018/2020, Vote 
You are an amazing First Lady.  Everyone loves you.  We are the lucky ones to have you.
What a beautiful smile & what respect this man is showing you! As your husband talks about helping VETs I hope you can teach him about #bullying and caring about VETs. He insults VETs all the time & that they are not heroes if caught, sad. Only time I have seen u smile in public!
https://rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/0?mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.com%2Fulk%2Fitm%2F302724291592 …
I bet that guy wouldn't cheat on you.

So, are you still with him for the money? You know lots of other dudes have money.... right? 

There HAS TO BE A REASON you're staying with him.  It's not LOVE either
Deja a ese sucio..y ven a vivir conmigo..
Moochel had 21 assistanceHow many do you have,2?Took her mother e/where,with our money!Thy tried to keep these vacations for the next21years,friends tooPresident Trump ended tht!I dnt know why they think we owe them something. All they say is ME ME ME I ,I ,I
He cheated on you while you were pregnant and you stay with him? That’s sad! Have some guts and leave! Otherwise you are just as bad!
عجب کس خوبی هس ملینا
Melania—LEAVE HIM NOW!! PLEASE! He is humiliating you!
If you don’t get a divorce after Trump admired to having extra marital affairs your are a fool. You deserve happiness and money won’t but it.
Will you pack your bags or are you just another Hooker?

oh my god.   Get out while you can.  You don’t deserve this abuse....no woman does.
Do you know the definition of hypocrisy?
This is not YOUR country. I feel for you.
Felicidades

#restart_is_the_biggest_opposition_in_iran #we_iranians_hate_mujahedin_e_khalgh

Trump is an idiot says John Kelly lol
You look stunning!
Wonderful moments....such as the moment your husband confirmed he fucked the porn star(s)?
I hope you enjoyed your Fox & Friends pre-tantrum shout out from your husband.
you light the way as we move forward today
grow it Bright through the nights
understand that your heart and compassion is one with all the heart lights faithfully being true you
Vaya al lugar donde crecen semillas de un árbol muy florido en Colombia y estas flores de un árbol argentino. Primera Dama Feliz cumpleaños.
@realDonaldTrump nothing you ever imagined when you were posing nude for magazines in your real native country, you trophy wife...
Darling- can’t you get Donny to stop lieing??? He is digging his own grave!!! STOP HIM MEL!! Love you honey- stay strong!! Hugs xx
We love you, your style, your poise, and your elegance. You are awesome
Dearest First Lady you and your husband have wonderful angel wings you are being of light   You are the homecoming. Now we jsut need the Americans to find their temples and cherish do some house keeping.  
Happy Birthday Melania. 
Classiest first lady for the US ever and that includes Jackie O
Happy Birthday! We Love you!  You are always in our prayers!
Happy Birthday Melania!
I am will be take mr trump to court for want he cause to me Melania trump 2074787336
And people are glad to meet a wonderful lady like you
Whatever you say Squint Eastwood.
Happy Birthday  to our FIRST LADY !!!
Happy Birthday first lady, you deserve to be treated well and with dignity and honor. No matter what,  you will be.
I don’t know u that much but happy birthday 
Happy Birthday!!!!   Many More Melania.  And thank you for everything.
Happy Birthday FLOTUS (Mrs. President)! We share the same date of Birth. But you are so much prettier than I am my lady.

Happy birthday! God bless you and give you a long life.
Happy Birthday First Lady Melania! Hope you had a wonderful day. God Bless you! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.

Happy Birthday FLOTUS!
Happy Birthday Melania!   You are the most beautiful First Lady ever inside & out.   God bless you
Happy birthday  to the beautiful First Lady!  I send you warmest wishes for a perfect day!
Happy Birthday,Melania!    You are one classy lady! We the people are proud to have you as FLOTUS! I hope you have a wonderful birthday! Sending much love  from my great state of Tennessee! #Maga #TrumpTrain

 A Very Happy & Blessed Birthday To Our Beautiful First Lady, Melania!  
#FLOTUSBirthday  ........
Happy Birthday!!
Isn't today your birthday? Happy Birthday
You are a classy lady. I had reservations at first. But I have really grown to like and admire you. Happy Birthday.
Happy birthday MelaniaHope it's one of the best- You are a breath of fresh air to our country, a perfect FLOTUSOne of the top most accomplished women in the world.
Happy Birthday! 
Happy birthday Mrs trump
Happy Birthday First Lady Melania. I really hope that you enjoy your special day.
Happy Birthday, Beautiful First Lady!
Happy Birthday to our Gracios First  Lady...
 Happy Birthday 
Mr. Trump and Mr. Cohen previously represented to the American people that Mr. Cohen acted on his own and Mr. Trump knew nothing about the agreement with my client, the $130k payment, etc. As I predicted, that has now been shown to be completely false. #basta
Happy Birthday First Lady!
Happy Birthday, Melania!  You are the best First Lady in my lifetime.  Thank you for all that you do to #MAGA.  We pray for you and your family's safety.  May God protect you and bless your family as we continue to fight against the forces of evil.  Together we win.
You probably won‘t read this, but: Happy Birthday to you  Wishing you strength, love and happyness. Warm regards from a  female. You are simply great  Corinne
Happy birthday you not have to be trapped in your miserable marriage with @realDonaldTrump you deserve better so many wonder man out here. Show women that you are strong enough to leave a toxic situation #FreeMelaniatrump
A very HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our amazing and wonderful @FLOTUS!!!
This has been a year filled with many wonderful moments. I’ve enjoyed the people I’ve been lucky enough to meet throughout our great country & the world!  
HELP US!!
Happy Birthday to the most elegant and beautiful FLOTUS this country has EVER had. Thank you for everything know that the Patriots have your back always.
Happy birthday melania
Happy birthday
HaY BIRTHDAY 
Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday Mrs. Trump, a woman of beauty and grace. May God bless and keep you and your family.
Happy Birthday Mrs Trump!!
Happy Birthday our dearest 1st Lady best wishes and many blessings.
Happy Birthday Melania.
Grattis på födelsedagen Mrs Trump, vi älskar dig. Du är så vacker och fantastisk, ha en bra dag!
Happy Birthday First Lady Melania ! Enjoy 
Happy Birthday to a beautiful First Lady...
Happy Birthday Mrs Trump!!
Happy Birthday!
Yes happy birthday and your husband was to busy with Fox t.v. and stuffing his mouth with burgers to get you a present
But what do you get a woman who has everythong?
Happy Birthday 
Happy birthday @melaniatrump, have a wonderful blessed day
Happy birthday, may the good lord grant you many more birthdays, and u continue to live a Blissful moment full of peace, joy, happiness and prosperity,  enjoy your occasion Madame first lady.
Happy Birthday Melania!
Happy birthday  Mrs. President hope you have a wonderful day! And I want to thank you again for the many wonderful things that you do each and every day as our first lady God bless you ma’am
26 Avril happy Birthday sorry for the late 
Happy birthday!
Happy Birthday Melania
Happy BIRTHDAY TO YOU ! Praying for you today and everyday!
I'm happy too. I'm glad
The only difference between you and your husband’s @realDonaldTrump other side women? He didn’t have you sign an NDA agreement. You’re obviously just in this marriage for the money. We already know there’s no sex. Why else would anyone in their right mind still be with him? LEAVE
I agree
You are an inspiration to our country and a most perfect flotus! I believe Jackie Kennedy would have loved you. You have much in common, she was also a marvelous 1st lady.

Maybe you’ll meet a nice man
IT'S   NOT YOUR COUNTRY
Thank You Potus And Flotus  For Putting On Such A Beautiful 1st State Dinner, To Honor French President Emmanuel Macron And His Wife Brigitte. Finally... True Class Has Come Back To Grace Our White House!
#Melaniamuchhappierwithout45. He's toxic...leave & safe yourself & Barron. Status & worth are not worth the price u will pay.
Why are you with him?  You don't have to be humiliated by this horrible being. Let him go set yourself free you don't have that many years left don't spend it with someone who is that far beneath you. Have more respect for yourself. Give yourself happiness.
Happy Birthday  Melania!  You are doing a great job with President Donald Trump, God is in the White House feel comforted ask him to send your guardian Angels to fall on you and Baron everywhere you go with your family. President Donald Trump is a nice guy. Believe.
Wao

@realDonaldTrump  You shine so far above your inarticulate and ignorant husband.  Just can't imagine waking up next to that gross specimen of a man. You are sooo more deserving. You know @FLOTUS  there is more to life than $$, control & power. He is an embarrasement.
Melania is a first lady with tremendous class.  Finally someone we can be proud of
Americans Love You, Strength Shines.
Grateful for your grace and dignity!
hahaha
You are beautiful inside and out. Your grace and kindness have made us proud.
中国人？？
Mrs Trump, I ask respectfully and with a heavy heart. That you read this short article written by the Huffington post.

N Korea says it will shut down its nuke program and meet with Pres Trump. Who is most responsible for this sudden change? #tcot #P2

Shame on PBS for cutting out Mary Beardro Professor of Classics at Cambridge    University from  the BBC Civilisations series? She is one of the world's top female  brains. Yet PBS wants to  eliminate her from this TV series because of  her looks? Can you help?
Money isn't everything. It can be taken just as fast as you get it. Don't stick with a cheat. Find a good man, an honest one to spend the rest of your days with
They have. They put each other above everything else. We know that you haven't had that. Isn't it about time you did what's right? God does forgive.  It's up to you to ask it with your heart. Is this the kind of life you want for the rest of your life? It's your call
Melania. As you've seen for yourself the gathering of republicans and democrats not as bitter enemies but as friends. The love shared between them all has no measures. Thing is even the love between husband and wife was strongly felt. George sr loved his wife with everything
A much better escort...  !!!
Lepo je stvarno.
You are a strong Women ! Take time for yourself..
Hard to believe that this is same person who tweeted one to two word tweets with emojis just a few years ago.

I’m not fooled.


Cock sucker. You are a horrible mom to allow your son to live in that house. Your husband is an awful father. Poor Barron

Seriously Melania, is the money really worth it?
REMINDER:Greetings please tel POTUS that am interested design and build of wall Mexico thanks Dr.Samuel.Drsamueladeniyiajanaju@gmail.com.2024769622,4432211564.President SAAGE RINO CONSULTING ENGINEERING COMPANY LIMITED
Dear @melaniatrump and @potus @realdonaldtrump HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
Happy birthday! Dreams to come true!
Melania, get as far away from this man you call husband today but probably not tomorrow. I feel you should be disgusted correct me if wrong.

Hmmm
How’s this moment:

Karen McDougal, the former Playboy Playmate who says she had an affair with Donald Trump and then unwittingly entered into a contract that wouldn't let her speak to the press, is now free to tell her story. 
How many more will come forward bfor u bail on ???
I see you holding hands with Trump, only a woman with no self-esteem would stay with someone like him.Guess it’s the money. Nasty!!!
How do you do it?
#bodegastrike 
#IamAmericantoo
Your a beautiful Lady you should smile more often,  if you are staying with 45, at least try to smile,  everything is fake, but I honestly I think that when u smile is the only real thing.
Dear Melania, Yoselyn Ortega was hired to protect two very young children in the USA as a caregiver and she failed the WORLD.  Please make your mission mine! I will help you!  To Protect Our Children on Earth! So many leadership failures globally to protect innocent children.
So much regulation imposed on us and our IRS taxes are onerous why not create an INTEGRITY questionnaire for predators who are perceived as a threat to our children.
hi 1st lady I hope you and Barron ok I no things not to good you right now I am just saying hi voodoo your freind  ps don't cry ok xxx
I'm so sorry that you have to deal with this disgusting degradation from your husband. You don't have to stay with this abusive man. Your adopted country will have the utmost respect for you if you stand up against this serial con man adulterer. You are worthy, dear lady.
Melania is still sticking to a true soldier who will not trash her family in a Storm
you might like a chat with this woman
Go home. You’re the worst first lady EVER.
Bet it felt good to be standing next to a real man and not lying next to a low life cheating fat ass SOB draft dodger
How can you stand to be so humiliated by your Husband?
@Andrew17087374 From A Man Pont You Have A Man That Do Not Cere About You Like I Say You Need A Good Man That Cere About You You Need A Black Man 
Why are you still with that man as a husband, you are doing Barron more harm then good by staying with him.  He has no integrity and is ignorant.
You're a disgrace. For money, you're willing to do anything. Must've been really hard back in Slovenia for you to put up with all this.
Hold trump hostage... make him pay you millions to continue to put on a sham show!!
@FLOTUS @Melania I think you're beautiful and that you deserve much better than that lying, cheating, and old af husband you have now. You and us, the american people #DeserveBetter
I feel bad for you .Please do what right for you and your son! Your to good for what he doing to you ! RUN !


This is the last man Melania wants to be seen with. Not the other draft dodger who trashed her family
Hi
The First Lady has taste and style. Not even Jackie Onasis cut a more stately appearance.
Americans should be very grateful to have you!
I know, right!
Hello, First Lady of the United States! I'm Summer, from China;
I like you very much. You are as beautiful and warm as my mother. Although your identity is special, and I am very grateful for your continued commitment to charity, thank you.
