I hope you had a great birthday! We love you!
Happy belated birthday to the classiest First Lady we’ve ever had!
Some ppl love dealing with controversial situations,Mrs.obama was educated,beautiful,classy and #kind.Been around to see many first ladies and love each of them because they represent all women.#racisthater
Are you trying to call me a racist?
Yes, because obviously you are.
Why? Did I say anything about someone’s skin color?
No....these idiots attack for no reason.
Hope it was great!
I wished you a new husband for your birthday, Melania.  Hope you find him soon!
Another comment from a moronic leftie!
Don't you want Melania to be happy?  She definitely didn't look happy the other day.  That's why she had that hat on all day, even inside.  
She looks happy to me
Great, you found two pics   there a  bunch of contradicting pics as well.  Either way, a husband bragging about pussy-grabbing and allegedly having numerous extra-marital affairs is not a good husband.  She deserves better. ;-)
There are many more than 2 pictures! The point is it’s nine of your business! It’s between them ! Why do you care? Did you also care about the rapist bill Clinton and he had sex in the White House .
Yes, I did care then too.
What I care about is.Low unemployment, less people on  welfare and food stamps, border  security, those “crumbs “received by tax reform, more conservative judges on the SC, Increase  of ICE’s power, eliminated job killing regs, people in Syria not being murdered, NK & SK meeting,
Happy Birthday!
You’re very welcomed
مبارک باشه 
Many happy returns of the day The FLOTUS. I M from India. I love u.
Wow! Thank your husband for this historic moment!
Lol that was not his work
Happy birthday
Thank you for being such a classy First Lady 

Hope your day was special

First Lady of the world, happy birthday to you, I am a big of your husband  H.E Donald J. Trump. He is great leader
No morals at all? Really? He is not the leader of the world you really are nuts.
But he is the leader of the greatest country in the world, I didn’t mean he is the leader of every country. Don’t misread me please.
Happy birthday to my favorite @FLOTUS!!
What makes her your favorite? Just curious
Her grace, class and knowledge!!! Laura bush was my second! You got a problem with that??
Buon compleanno. Happy birthday signora
@researchjunky60 Happy birthday Beautiful Melania! 
vse najboljše
Happy birthday 
Happy birthday Melania. Our beautiful first lady, a woman with  class.
Happy b day
Happy birthday Mrs. President. I thank god for you and your husband. If there is ever anything you both need, just let me know.
Totally agree 

Love this!!
it fits our lovely        
          FLOTUS
Happy Birthday to our beautiful FLOTUS.
You’re welcome my First Lady. 
God Bless our FLOTUS 
God bless you, Mrs. President. You deserve the shower of appreciation and attention.
Happy Birthday to You Ma'am may you live long..
happy birthday to u mam
We love you, @FLOTUS!!! 
Stay, Pleasure In your life, wish you the day of birth
#HBD #Melania.... 
#Stay_Blessed!!!           
Happy Birthday my baby Menalia!
God Bless You!!
Too bad you can’t even spell you wife’s name correctly. Oh yeh-attention@to detail is not your forte!
That’s a parody account. Check before commenting hater.
Happy birthday. I've never been a fan or admirer of any first lady ever in my life, until you've come onto the international arena as Flotus... you are exceptional beautiful & beyond description in every way.. a very genuine classy refined brilliant lady.

Too bad you and your husband are such horrible people!
Hope you Had a Wonderful Day 
#WeThePeople Love You @FLOTUS 
If you like someone with no class, stand right next to Melania.   Hillary and Michelle have more class and grace in their little finger than she ever will....she has done nothing but picked out place settings...
Really?! You that sick you have to hate on someone’s thankyou post?! Wow
Says the woman who  pretends to be christian...newsflash, you're a hypocrite if you think 45 or Melania are good people...nothing to think that woman for or that crook of a con man
You don’t know me or anything about me. You have no right to throw stones angel. Settle down. She was thanking those who wished her happy birthday. You however are hateful for being an ass on her birthday. Why troll? That’s simply stupid and not very nice. Move along.
Happy Birthday 1st Lady May Your Day Ba As Beautiful As You and Our Country Is 2018
Happy birthday @FLOTUS.  Hope you have a great day.
Happy Birthday FLOTUS!!!
Blessed Birthday from Indonesia @FLOTUS

Happy birthday !
happy birthday lovely lady. Hope you had a wonderful day! 
Did you get anything good???? Hope so!
Did you "husband" bother to wish you a happy birthday or was ignoring you the best present you could have wished for?

Happy Birthday!!  I hope your day has been amazing.  Prayers to you and your family.  May God bless the Trump family.
Oh... was it your Birthday?
Thank you!
We honor respect you my dear FLOTUS, just what we needed to bring most of America joy! The rest will follow in Gods time. Keep praying!
ALWAYS WELCOME @FLOTUS 
We hope you loved all the Birthday cards you received from all the great Patriots through 
 @letters4trump45 We all love you and appreciate you

We love you so very much Flotus. I wish to see you more on TV. We would love to learn about you, our beautiful First Lady. But it is not safe. These people are nuts and I’m so sorry please don’t give up on us. We love you.
Speak for yourself!
Witch get out of my country!
Happy belated birthday!
Happy Birthday FLOTUS you are an amazing women. You make me proud!! God bless you
First Lady, we love you and are SO proud of you! Now that you’re 21, you won’t have to show ID!   You’re simply stunning!
In 2001, Melania Knauss (an obscure Slovenian model) was granted the elite EB-1 or "Einstein visa."
This program is specifically for business execs or people with "extraordinary ability."

Why was she given this very special green card?
Oh hello some upset guy.
If seeing words and images related to Dear Leader hurts your delicate sensibilities and makes you spam random nonsense, perhaps Twitter is not for you, or civilization, or even existence.
#Cult45
You are proud of this?
If seeing tweets upsets you, perhaps you should go do something else random upset guy.
YEP, YOURE STILL LOOKING GREAT AT 35! ;)  POTUS IS A LUCKY MAN! YALL MAKE A GREAT COUPLE!
Get out of there Melania. We’ll look after you. You don’t need to be frightened of him. The world will welcome you into it’s arms. We won’t let him bully you. You are amongst friends.
#Imbecile
WE are the ones who thank you, for your sacrifice, for your devotion to your husband and to our nation and its people, no matter age race or sex, you are there to love and help us all. God bless you and your family. We are proud that you are our @FLOTUS
I hope you had a wonderful and joy-filled birthday #FLOTUS Melania!
Thank you for just being wonderful
Happy Bday Melania . May the next year be peaceful and full of blessings 
@FLOTUS shares the same birthday as my daughter :) God bless them both 
Hope you had a wonderful birthday!
 God bless you always  
#USA ‘s only #PowerCouple! #SendingThatMessage! 
(Soros & 7 billionaires of Silicon Valley/Hollywood/NYC paying 150M to take them down #NotGonnaHappen )!!!
Wow, you-re welcome!!,
Happy Birthday,  I hope you had a blessed day
Melania, I love POTUS but I hope he got you at least a little more than a beautiful card.  Blessings to you,  Baron , POTUS and the fam!
We love you Melania, 
and Donny too.

Thank you for being so humble.
So FLOTUS.
We love you Melania!
We are late with our best wishes for you Beautiful first Lady...but God bless you and may you have joy and sweet surprises every day, but especially on your birthday!!  God grant you long life, good health & joy!!
Ur welcome Bella very blessed to have you @FLOTUS
BEST FLOTUS EVER 
Happy Birthday!! I hope you have a Wonderful day!! Love from Montana!!
We love you...
God bless you Melania, you are a wonderful @Flotus and we pray God strengthens you and grows you through as your husband continues to #DrainTheSwamp as being attack on every side with #FakeNews and #FalseNarrative  we stand with you #OnThisDay and will pray for your family
@FLOTUS AND @POTUS ARE THE BEST THINGS THAT HAVE HAPPENED TO US IN THE USA FOR YEARS, GOD BLESS YOU BOTH, YOUR  STUNNING,GOOD HEARTED, KIND, ELEGANT,BEAUTIFUL ,GRACEFUL,SO MANY OF US LOVE AND APPRECIATE YOU AND @POTUS , WE ARE SO BLESSED TO HAVE YOU AS OUR FIRST LADY,
You're the best, Melania& you are so loved by the American people!!! Have the very best birthday ever
Happy Belated Birthday!
Happy birthday Melania
Happy belated birthday
Happy Birthday and Best Wishes to our First Lady!!!
Happy Birthday to America’s First Lady. 
You are an amazing woman and a FLOTUS that fill our hearts with love and pride, thank you stay blessed and HAPPY BIRTHDAY again
How are you doing melsnia
Beautiful, Classy and Strong. Happy Birthday Melania!
Happy Birthday 
So proud of our beautiful First Lady! Happy Birthday!
I hope that you know how much we all love and respect you, I hope that you had a very happy birthday and that you and Donald will be happy all of your lives, be careful about foods served, too many people want to get rid of your sweet husband!
Welcome Mam, you are loved &treasured and much prayers are raised.Blessings!
I hope you a great birthday. You are so loved.
Absolutely. May God continue to bless you, give you peace, joy and strength.
We  you!
We love u Melania! Hope ur day was amazing!
Beautiful FLOTUS Happy Birthday 
Love ENVIRONMENT with INCOME.  Franchise VILLA/RESORT : 1. IMPLEMENT SUSTAINABLE ENERGY  2. FRUIT-FLOWER-AGRYCULTURE GARDEN  3. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR FOR FISHING GROUND & OTHERS Touris 4. GARDEN FOREST..  BEP 6 YEARS ONLU as Property. @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS
Thank you for your faithful service FLOTUS. You demonstrate humility,elegance and grace. Admiral qualities of a First Lady. God bless you and POTUS going forward. You'll are doing a great job.
SENDING HAPPY BIRTHDAY WISHES TO OUR LOVELY, KIND, COMPASSIONATE, SMART FLOTUS!  
We love you @FLOTUS

Love ENVIRONMENT with INCOME. By Franchise VILLA/RESORT : 1. IMPLEMENT   SUSTAINABLE  ENERGY  Tourism 2. FRUIT-FLOWER GARDEN Tourism 3. RAIN   WATER RESERVOAR FOR FISHING & OTHERS Tourism.  BEP 6  YEARS as   Property Investation. @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS
Happy Birthday Week
..Happy Birthday to you @FLOTUS.
Happy birthday Melania Trump
Have a great day.we r always with u @FLOTUS
hello dear Melania Trump, thank you to you too good luck
@FLOTUS Dear Melania I wish u a Happy Birthday! ur d most beautiful 1st lady d US has had & u have carried urself with grace & dignity
We love you, Melania!
Happy Birthday to our wonderful beautiful First Lady -It’s a my birthday too

Thank you
You your welcome
Happy Birthday to a wonderful , intelligent and lovely First Lady.
Happy birthday Melania! Wishing you a very happy and blessed year to come

Happy Birthday Beautiful One! Keep Shining Brightly!
Happy birthday @FLOTUS !
Glad you had a great day!!
Happy birthday!
We love you, Melania.
We love our First lady ! Happy birthday and may GOD bless you with many more to come !
Happy birthday 
Happy Birthday Mrs. Trump , sorry it is late
Happy Birthday/ Joyeux Anniversaire
Happy birthday to you  FLOTUS!
WE LOVE YOU
Happy Birthday! Have a great weekend
Happy Belated Birthday!
Happy Birthday!!!
Happy belated birthday, Melania! We love you and may God bless you
May God Bless you. May The Holy Spirit be with you. May The Lord Jesus walk along side you.
You bet! God bless FLOTUS and POTUS!
Happy birthday Melanie
Hope it was wonderful!!! So proud of the job you are doing..thanks for your hard work and, remember, there are many of us who stand behind you and the President
Happy Birthday to the First Lady Melania!  Wishing you many more!
Your much loved and appreciated by the world.
Happy Birthday to the most beautiful (inside and out), intelligent, strong, classy and elegant FLOTUS  I've seen in my lifetime! (Princess Di, Jackie O and now you)!... my idols!!
You are very welcome.
Happy Birthday! You are a strong beautiful woman! I can see with all the negativity coming your way, you will only get stronger each day. May God bless you and your family.
We love you and you are beautiful
So very proud you are representing our country.
Love ENVIRONMENT with INCOME. By Franchise VILLA/RESORT : 1. IMPLEMENT   SUSTAINABLE  ENERGY  Tourism 2. FRUIT-FLOWER GARDEN Tourism 3. RAIN   WATER RESERVOAR FOR FISHING & OTHERS Tourism.  BEP 6  YEARS as   Property Investation. @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS
Happy Birthday Melania.
A caring and compassionate soul in those high heel shoes.
#ILoveOurFirstLady
A hug can change the world.
We love you First Lady, God bless you and our President and your family!
Thank you Melania for all you do. I am truly grateful for you. Happy birthday.
Beautiful, sweet Melania. We are so thankful for you and your husband every single day. Thank you for standing by him through everything. You are a very strong woman. 
Yes! Happy birthday to you! And many more.
Happy Birthday FLOTUS 
.As our FLOTUS, you deserve best wishes and all good things in your future. 
Happy birthday beautiful first lady.  You know your bday will be North and South Korea holiday of peace . That's a wonderful bday gift.
Happy belated Birthday to the most beautiful #FLOTUS with the mostess  ;-)
Hoping that 45 showered you with LOVE. Is he capable of doing so .... probably NOT ...Did he spend the day with you...telling you you are the ONLY ONE...probably NOT...
You are still there ....is it the money?????
@FLOTUS So Admired You Are ! The People's Lady @POTUS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @WhiteHouse
Happy Birthday to the most beautiful First Lady this country has had. You are charm & grace with a gorgeous wardrobe. Love your heels 
Many happy returns of the day madam....
Joker wishes you many smiles and laughs! We have your alls backs no matter what the MSM says!!!
Thanks for all you all are enduring to make this country safe again for our children and grandchildren. 
God bless you all!
Happy Birthday!!!
Hello @joker40324 !! 

Aren't you the one?  Thank you for remember our beautiful, intelligent and fun First Lady, Ms. @FLOTUS -- you are too kind.

Blessings.
I hope you screwed the pool boy with #DonnieDroopyDick watching!
It's a shame that asshole husband of yours did not even bother to acknowledge... but then... you are only there for the money.  Grand Trophy Wife of the United States 
They say that a picture is worth a 1000 words. Well, these 6 frames prove that in some cases they’re worth a lot more. In my opinion one of them goes way beyond the “norm” in helping everyone to understand just how disgusting Trump is. You figure it out!
Happy Birthday beautiful @FLOTUS !!! The classiest and most beautiful first lady ever!! You are the best!!
Happy Birthday!
THANK YOU FOR BEING WHO YOU ARE . 
Happy Birthday!
Happy birthday.
happy barthday to you
Happy Birthday to a Great 1st lady.
Happy birthday Melania! Hope you get a nice evening.
You are an Amazing FLOTUS !
Happy Birthday Melania

We (I) love  our #flotus @MELANIATRUMP
The people that matter, love and adore you @FLOTUS Full of love and grace 
Your quite welcome! God bless you and your family! We really love you folks so much for giving up your billionaire lifestyle to help fix our broken America! This selfless act will go down in history as the greatest turnaround of America since we became a nation! #GodBlessAmerica
Happy Birthday +1 day, Melania!  :-)
Happy birthday !

Happy Birthday to our First Lady 
Happy Birthday Melanie you have a lot of glass.
Happy Birthday Melania
Happy birthday  stay blessed
Happy Birthday!!!
Happy birthday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL @FLOTUS
Hope it was a Blessed Birthday Melania
Happy Birthday Ma'am
Happy birthday. You are a great lady.
Happy Birthday Melania!
I hope you had a great birthday.
HaPpY BiRtHdAy Melania!
Wish you happy birthday and all the best to you and your family 
Happy Happy Birthday Beautiful First Lady!!
Congratulations, I hope your birthday has been better than the previous years and your weekend celebration is much better
#lovemyflotus
@ flotus - Happy birthday! 
Happy Birthday Flotus

