We appreciate you and are grateful to have such class in our White House again!
You are a beautiful and sweet representative of the people!
Thank you for taking on this difficult duty... God Bless You!
Such class and grace!
She is beautiful isn't she!!
God created a gorgeous woman with a huge heart
I lived in Europe... They do not see the body the same way we do, they are proud of it and not ashamed
But I do not judge her choices to get out of poverty
I do see her choices that come from her heart
The Real First Lady Michele Obama didn’t have to use her naked body to get somewhere......she used her brain!
Hard work and intelligence is where it’s at in America!
OMG
I could do this all day
Couldn't show its naked body
We would know the truth 
Lol, her brain, didn't see any sign of that for 8 years
It is hard 2 take the American peoples money so U can spend more than any other first lady vacationing w/ your family & friends
Anti American
Your personal lack of real information is sad and disturbing. Go get some solid facts then you can talk to me!
Your protection and refusal to accept truth is what is sad
Just told you facts
Seriously, not really dying to talk to you anyway, just responding as is polite to do
Would rather you have correct information than be polite!
I would be embarrassed of myself if I were you. I feel sad for you.
I am sad you feel the need at attack a women you have never met. Excuse me if you know her personally. She never wanted or asked for this position. She is trying to protect her son from mean spirited ppl. What has she done to you?
Where we're you when the last first lady was being attacked. You never came to her defense. Despite whatever the husband's did, we have always had beautiful first lady who served with grace, even if the public didn't like them.
I never personally spoke out against any first lady. I was brought up to respect the women that represent our country. Shrug...just the v way I was raised. #Respect  #BEKINDTOALL
Well goody for you and your doormat friends. I was brought up to question authority not to blindly follow.
I don't blindly follow. I research and don't look for others to tell me what to decide. I also don't speak rudely to others that haven't done anything to me but disagree. We can disagree without being disagreeable. Have a pleasant evening. #MAGA #Americans
You just don't play well with others that don't agree w you. Yes I've been married probably longer than you've been alive and we have a equal partnership not that it's your business. I follow policies not personal life. I'm happy w my tax break, the economy, unemployment rate etc
Thank you Melania for serving as our @FLOTUS despite ppl attacking you that have never met you. You neither wanted or asked for this position.  Thank you for being a good mother to Barron and protecting him as much as possible from mean spirited ppl. God bless you!
Like your husband!
Your entitled to your opinion. We can agree to disagree. See how easy that is!
We love our First Lady and all the good work she does for our country.
What good work? I don't have anything against her, per se, but what exactly has she done?
Engages how? You can make the statement all you want, it doesnt make it true. But then again, getting facts from a Trumpster is an excercise in futility.
You insinuate I am comparing her to Michelle. As much as it's difficult to believe, I never voted for Obama. Trump is a horrible person and a disaster POTUS. I don't care about Melania either way. I was noting she's not very visible and clearly her anti-bullingly campaign is DOA.
I give her some credit for her work with children. I really don't have animosity towards her. But there is a huge disconnect between her husband's actions and her words. She talks about protecting children - and giving them a voice. Not traits I associate with POTUS.
You are great first lady Melina. Thank you for representing USA
Will your husband be there or will he be out unfortunately having yet another affair?

#TrumpSexualPredator

As he should.

And so should @realDonaldTrump.

See, we can agree.

Yay!
We finally have a first lady of America that we can truly be proud of such class such dignity
Yeah ..and you can update them ALL on your cyber bullying program!  
Looking awsome @FLOTUS
Thanks so much sweetie for all you do for us!


How are your anti-bullying efforts coming along?
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.desmoinesregister.com%2Fvideos%2Fnews%2Fcrime-and-courts%2F2018%2F02%2F08%2F-iowa-grandfather-gets-plea-deal-and-no-jail-time-after-molesting-his-granddaughter%2F110218802%2F&h=ATN4kFpQOWXnyRbv0fcZnc3gQEa5JwuoVI1fcIhuiIOx3jVefoB3FaDh7zOw_Y_y1nQbLy3Nby9hU8UnM-gjZ1H5ORHVbuIOQc5UD2ldhyLbXnFiR3a1jz9sXL9vFEA&s=1 …
Fake media exposed
That was funny as all get out watching the MSM melt when @POTUS won state after state!
Beautiful and best First Lady of United States is @FLOTUS Melania. You are Great 
We're looking forward to you going back to your own country
Melania, gorgeous, brillant, first class lady.. The complete opposite of Magilla in EVERY way!!!
It a honor to have you as first lady.
Stormy Daniel and Karen McDougal going too? #DumpTheTrumps #

We look forward to hearing about it on Happy Sunday FLOTUS! We hope you, family, and Team have a wonderful evening that will also help #MAGA too!
How's tricks?
No it’s not wonderful.  Go home and stay there. It’s difficult I know, but you married the man.
Greatest 1st lady ever greatest president ever
Will Stormy be there?
way to rep your party
How’s your anti bullying campaign coming along?
Blink twice if you need help Melania.
Why would she need help? Lol. Especially yours
That's your opinion. Her marriage is none of your business either.
Oh shut your hole loser!
Yeah yeah yeah.
None of your business either
I know but that’s the fun part, you Americans let Russians meddle in your government within your own borders...so I figure why not join the fun since your govement is crippled anyways...


Mrs Trump, we're so lucky to have you as our beautiful & graceful First Lady!
And you are....?
Enjoy what time YOU and your "stable genius" have left in OUR WH!  A reckoning is coming!
.@PeteHegseth sits down with the U.S. Ambassador to Israel in an exclusive interview

Would you mind letting @KrisKobach1787 know that he's not the governor of Kansas. He gets confused.
You are the most greatest First Lady. Thank you for representing USA
Dear, sweet Melania, please help me and my husband. We are being treated badly by Kentucky social services. They are treating us like Mueller is treating Donald. From one mother to another, please help us. They are as crooked as Mueller is.
Lol. Whoops, this bot got some water in the circuits. No worries Melania, all Trump supporters are like this, not just yours
Great President @POTUS and first lady @FLOTUS looking Great in the outfit.
Thank you for your service as well. Has to be hard living with the constant attacks on your family. We love you all...
No we don’t.
You make me sick
WTF ARE YOU DOING FOR OUR COUNTRY????

Could you please do something about the bullying that your husband, Fox News, and the NRA are using against the survivors of the Parkland shooting? Seriously, this is supposed to be your cause!
Where is the outrage at everyone who dropped the ball on this? FBI..police called 39 times to his home? So many questions..
It's actually possible to be outraged at more than one thing. It is a multi tiered problem. That doesn't lessen the responsibility of those sticking their head in the sand re: common sense gun control.
I agree with you. I waa responding to a previous tweet. I agree with Pres Trump in banning the bump stocks. I also think the age to purchase a fun should b 21. I'm not for leaving our children unprotected when celebrities, athletes, businesses and politicians have protection.
He has no choice but to do this. He is taking too much heat these are children and if he could he would just throw it under the bus like he did about the Vegas shooting...
You are doing a great job, Mrs. Trump, and doing it with class!!
Job?
Before you enter. Pray! Ask the LORD too, AND HE WILL FILL YOUR MOUTH WITH MUCH WISDOM!
I don't think that was wisdom dribbling out of her mouth.
Cohen promotes all of the corrupt Trumplettes!
Well, her parents get a free ride at least!
Are you going to talk about your anti bullying campaign, or is the bully going to be there?

(wink once for yes, twice for no)

#FollowMeForSnarkyShenanigans
Oh you got jokes lmao 
Maybe you need to be on the Prices Right Dressed up like a PU$$y you are
"Oh you got jokes lmao 
Maybe you need to be on The Price Is Right dressed up like the PU$$y you are"

There, fixed all four of the mistakes in it for you.
William Link deleted his Tweet, right when I was going to ask him if his middle name is, 'missing'.

#ImSuchAJerk
No, it’s still there. I think he may have blocked you. Those Russians don’t like it when they get their English corrected!!
I didn't even punctuate it, left it stylish.
My favorite @FLOTUS!!! Thank you for always being such a gracious host. Love you and appreciate you
hoping @realDonaldTrump & @FLOTUS bless us with a little brother or sister for Baron in the next 7 years
You’re why I said it.
Did #CheetoDick have a heart attack or stroke?
Thank You for your Friendship not only to all AMERICANS ... and also to all the   WORLD!
You.Dont.Speak.For.ALL.Americans.  So, there's that
If you’re so concerned with anti-bullying, where is your outrage at the way GOPers (including your son in law Donnie Jr) have been treating the survivors of Stoneman Douglas? These kids have been called “crisis actors” & receive death threats daily (as do their families). 
They had to give her some type of platform where she’s not shopping or on her back!  Anti bullying is the biggest joke considering what Donnie dishes out!
Decent behavior against bullying starts at HOME. Is THIS what you teach your children?
I teach my Children to stand up and call them as they see them and not to be a sheep!
Yet by your derogatory comment of the First lady, whether you like her or not, you are also teaching them to bully. Not liking someone is fine, degrading them in a public forum, is teaching any child it's ok to have no integrity morals or standards. I'm sure you were no saint.
Lady you know nothing about me!  Thanks to Trump claiming bankruptcy on the casino my father did not get paid and could not pay his employees.  It caused him to have a massive stroke!  The Trumps are garbage and your ignorant if you think he cares about anything but his ego & $$$
You're right. I know nothing about you. Except what YOU'VE posted on a public forum. I'm sorry your father has heart issues. I'm not sure degradation online will change much of anything.
He died thanks to Trump!  His thoughtless use of bankruptcy laws helped him to screw over the people who worked to build his empire.  Why would you want someone like him leading a country?  What skills does his wife bring?....still thinking....

Junk
jealous
Birther Queen Melania.

Never forget I fully support my Husband's LIES and I Help spread them.

Why'd you think I FULLY SUPPORT my Step Son ATTACKING #ParklandShooting Victims.

I'm all about the Cash and Jewels I get.
#MelaniaTrumpIsCorruptAF #MelaniaTrumpLIES
Nambia will pay for the divorce.

Prettiest classiest First Lady EVER !


You will be a great host. You are doing a great job as First Lady. President Donald Trump is also doing a great job. Keep looking forward and never look back .
Sorry, your tweet made me gag a little bit. Carry on.
Kind and compassionate? Your spouse is the meanest person on social media I have ever witnessed.
What a beautiful and poised First Lady.
Tell your husband to put a Ban on Assault Weapons that are killing our kids and to put Sanctions on Russia that is interfering with our Democracy.
your words ring hollow when your husband is the single biggest abuser of women, racial stereotyping, social media bullying and bloodthirsty rhetoric
We really miss our educated, well spoken, no scandal, sweet, beautiful, and Harvard & Princeton graduate FLOTUS


So Melania, can you tell us what your particular merit/talent was that made you a worthwhile immigrant to the USA. You have no degree. You lied about working illegally. You should have been deported.
Go girl
Welcome back
God Bless Melania Trump
How about this Melania?
It would be really great if you could actually address the bullying behavior of your husband and stepson.

Thank You for all you do for America.I am so proud to have you as FLOTUS .Have a lovely evening.
You two lovebirds have fun!
Maybe you should try writing your speech and put it on a slide projector you write better than you can speak it.
Social security. We hot just a 2% raise for the cost of living which amounts to a $30.00 for the whole year. How do we benefit. It's not my fault that l was injured from a 30ft fall.
Please support a ban on assault weapons. Thank you
Ms. Melania Trump, FLOTUS; I just want to say "Thank you" for your stand & for your individualism & graciousness which I have not seen in many years. At 67, a respected Veteran Marine Corps Officer; I  know what Honor is. Regardless of those who choose ignorance, you stand tall.
Well said Thomas!
You are classy, elegant, graceful, intelligent and beautiful you make the finest first lady this country has seen in many years!
I agree with SAAS patriot.Melanie is having a big impact on her husband also. She’s a strong clever lady-please stop the hatred. Mélania real women respect you. It is a woman’s right to choose and no ones right to judge and totally free to use her beauty as so many do in life.

How’s your book coming along? Remember, $20 million pre-publication and you get to leave your bunny porn star popping husband.
Hahaha
What a classy, intelligent First Lady.  God Bless You and the First Family.
Bullying. Remember your White House calling. It starts at home. Train that husband of yours. Are you acceptant to Baron being raised near this man?  What morals ???  Pull up your big girl pants and walk to freedom.
Will Karen McDougal or Stormy Daniels be there?  Better keep your horn dog hubby away from any rolled up magazines.  MAGA.
Will Stormy be there? could you get a signed Video for me? #Resistance #EndCitizensUnited #NoWall #BlueWave2018
Lol....now that's funny!
you didn't type this, you can't even speak English
no wonder you invited the spouses! - tRump liked to say that one of the things that made life worth living was getting your friends’ wives into bed. you are his enabler! #Resistance #EndCitizensUnited #BlueWave2018 #NoWall
David you wouldn't know beauty if it slapped you in the face.
Another coat?
This account is complete.....
Know

It will be beautiful and fun. Your a great hostess and so friendly
Yawn, what do you actually do as First Lady?  Wasn’t there something about cyber bullying? You are a farce
That sounds great. Communities around the country need all the help We can get. The world is broken
It’s not broken.
Wake up
WHERE THE FFFFFF ARE YOU!?  You have kids experiencing targetted online harassment from your husband's supperters and you're posting about MORE wining and dining?  

Care to use one or two brain cells in that pretty head of yours and tell these people to ffffk off??
A Lo the

All these people are so sour. Need to change a little because they are going to deal with it for seven more years. Poor people.
Dear First Lady, you will be a great hostess.
Airline, maybe.
Better to say nothing. By participating in this, you have become complicit. Your integrity dear FLOTUS comes from the fact that you remain outside all of the controversy. You are being used in an agenda bigger than you can appreciate. You have no influence.
Good done Dear First Lady.
Why does your husband cheat on you?

Let's reword the questions to Ivanka:

-Cohen paid $130k to silence Stormy Daniels. Was there coordination with Trump campaign?…
Can’t have a better FLOTUS
What’s up?  Did he promise to set you free when he goes to prison?

Your doing a great job Melania. We're proud of you
We (my husband and myself) have been @POTUS supports since the very beginning. We love @POTUS . We think he is only hope for the United States. Please We do not want to hear @POTUS say Xi, Jinping (Chinese dictator) is his friend. Because it's really annoying to your supporters.
Melania... perhaps you could explain what your Parents have contributed to the U.S. and how did they get their U.S. Citizenship so quickly? Isn't this considered "Chain Migration" that your husband Apposes?
Merit-based immigration reform will benefit American workers and relieve the strain imposed by our current system on Federal resources. More: http://45.wh.gov/3h2z8u  
You state as a fact what is speculation, stated by the media as could have. Actually,  white people don't get in the US easily.  But if they make an investment in a business and provide jobs it is much easier. My understanding is that Mrs.  Trump's parents are by no means poor.
They are both retired! It's been documented they have become full citizens of the U.S.... why are you bringing color into the conversation? What is your point? It shouldn't have anything to do with behind rich or poor that's not what U.S. Stands for!
See u soon ma'am

“Which one is important?http://1.Business  Relationship,2.Humanity? @narendramodi @AmitShah @SushmaSwaraj @CitiznMukherjee @MamataOfficial @sajeebwazed @obaidulquader @HarshShringla …
You are so classy & refreshing - love your accent too! Your husband  Pres.Trump is #MAGA Bless you all!
I believe you have "hosted many members" in your lifetime, if you know what I mean...
Why ur husband don't Want to hello us in Africaine ?
Nobody will ever take you seriously about bullying and social media as long as you are married to the biggest online bully ever @realDonaldTrump
Meanwhile, back at the @whitehouse
NOT FUNNY!
I am not married and I hope to come to you to be with you all and I am in Egypt. I hope to send a visit to Monaco to attend your concerts
#MuellerTime #Russia #Collusion #GUILTY #TrumpRussia #RickGates #Treason #IndictTrump #LockHimUp #FBI #MoneyLaundering #Impeachment
Melania don’t wait around for this day...SAVE YOURSELF!
Just a reminder of the great lady we had in the White House and the whore we have now

how is the party?  #BlueWave2018 #EndCitizensUnited #Resistance #NoWall
Mrs. Trump, I hope you receive the welcome you deserve. I pray for you and your family daily and know that one day soon your husband will receive the thanks he so richly deserves for being our President
“He will receive the indictment he and his evil spawn so richly deserve”. There I fixed that for you.
Hello Mrs. Trump I apologies for bothering you with my issues. I know you are busy. Go Trump! May the Lord Jesus shine on the Trumps!!
God bless you and your guests. Keep you and them safe and well and happy.
You’re an amazing FLOTUS    Thank you for your poise, compassion and dignity.
Thank God for you Melania
The Divided States?

Keep doing what your doing the way your doing it!   We are proud of you and your family!   Very Proud!
scoundrel - you 2 make a good couple
Aren't you suppose to be working on cyber bullying? Oh I forgot. Your husband is the god of cyber bullying.
run lady run. It’s your chance.
Yes to bad your husband doesn’t see it that way!
@FLOTUS  do yourself and the whole USA a favor
It's hard to be respectful when Democratic voters keep attacking your husband,I back him 100%. The MSM/Fake news should know by now Donald J.Trump is unflappable.
What an absolute beauty of a first lady we have, icredibly intelligent, kind and attentive and historically the finest FLOTUS to ever grace the white house, this is what perfection looks like, far better than Jackie O in her prime..
We know you’re in an abusive relationship. Narcissistic Personality Disorder is real; get out while you still can & get therapy.
I sure miss the days when people could disagree with our duly elected President (and family) without being utterly disrespectful. Come on America, President Trump is our leader, and the leader of the free world. Him and his family deserve the respect the position demands.
Truly unbelievable - don't remember the Obama family 2008 enduring anything as VILE as this!
How much did you pay someone to write this tweet for you? $26,000,000? Or did you just copy it from Michelle?

Tell them : If this doesn’t wake you up then i’m lost. 
#SaveGhouta 
 
What’s up with your husband?
Dear Melania. Wasn’t your platform against online bullying? Douglas High’s kids have been harassed for speaking their minds in the wake of a tragedy... no quote from you? Sympathy? Support?
I guess you told the govenors about 'positive social media messages or some bullshit.  Perhaps you should tell your employer/pimp.....er husband....this message first.
Are you going to discuss solutions for victims of sexual assault or spouses of domestic violence and adultery such yourself and the 1st First Lady? Maybe @IvankaTrump should be in that meeting too #StormyDaniels #PlayboyBunny #DTRapedIvana 

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1771686362876864&id=1258591637519675 …

She may be the “First Lady” but I see a puppet. Her orange husband holds her strings . She is afraid to leave him . That man is abusive on so many levels and honestly I am scared to follow someone who is so insecure with themselves
What is your proof ... oh .. I forgot CNN .  No reason to be on this page when you are filled with  hatred, you are better off keeping your negative personality to your self . World be a better place .
Thank you Melania, for being Americans  representative. You doing a great job.
Dump the CHUMP!!!
Flotus your doing a great job, stay your course and don't worry about the bubble heads with a hundred Twitter accounts.
Trophy wife 
I think you are just jealous. In fact, I’m pretty sure you are jealous. And likely unhappy. Poor soul
Bwhahahahah 

Staff will let us know if you only talk with Republican govs.   Ahhh hidden cameras
Thanks

I'm elated that you are  participating and you are doing a phenomenal job.
Tell hubs to stay quiet & no tweeting allowed
America loves you Melania!!!!! 
What a mess you've made of the Stormy Daniels affair. Paying $130,000 in hush money to try to keep Trump's affair with a porn star secret was never a good idea, was it?

Hoping all your hopes for this evening went as planed.  Best wishes for your happiness.  God Bless!
