Did any of them suggest you divorce your husband?
You are one sick individual! Your the kind of person people fear... I’ll  for you
I fear people who don’t know basic grammar — “You’re.”pretty telling.
“Of”...
You’re such an amazing First Lady so proud of everything u do . Love seeing how involved and humble human being you are thank u and @POTUS for MAGA 

Envious much?! Is it b/c she is gorgeous and smart, or is it b/c you are just miserable?! Honest question... 

You do know that she was a model right ? 
If jealousy would only kill... smh
2/Oh, not to mention the hate, and she is a grandmother... what a loser...
. You are a blessing @FLOTUS. We love you and appreciate you !! God bless you and your family!!!!
Thank you @FLOTUS 

How many of those babies are going to lose their Medicaid because of tax reform? So your husband and his cohorts can get richer? Remember that?
How is he getting richer donating his pay lol. And paying wayyyy more on taxes now on his personal property?
So true!! They're the epitome of generous, even to the HaTeRs. Everyone is blessed under their leadership! 
By the way:
She doesn't get the respect she deserves
Because her husband Trumpken doesn't give her respect !!
No! Because folks like you dont!
Her husband treating her like a secondhand citizen respect start from home not from outside home 
He does respect her. Mind your own relationships before pointing fingers at others ...Or keep listening to fake news!
I'm entitled to my opinion SO keep your mind to your own self & business God bless you!
You're just jealous cuz you have no loving relationship at all. If you did, you wouldn't be hating on anyone else's.
You clearly have no idea what LOVE is!
As a Neonatal ICU nurse of 34 years I can tell you addiction is epidemic in newborns.Nothing was worse than not being able to console a tiny baby who is withdrawing.NAS scoring helped-but there still has to be some withdrawal as you decrease doses of meds.The group charged 
By your husband & run by Kellyanne Conway is refusing to include the scientific experts on the problem.This will not be fixed by 'Just say No',and get tough jail programs.That  has already been tried, & failed.We need scientists/medical experts in addiction on this committee.
Please-insist that real experts be included in the decisions on how to fix this horrible epidemic. Many days at work I cried for these babies and their mothers who were doing their best to get off these incredibly addictive drugs#NoOneWantsToBeAnAddict
Let’s hope Flotus reads this and can influence someone to make this happen.  Thank you for all your tireless work with addicted newborns and their moms.
Even if she reads it I don't think she will try to actually DO anything. This FLOTUS is more about the photo op than actually taking action. She could make it her area of focus, & work on initiatives like Michele did with children's diets and physical activity. I hope she does.
After putting a 24 y.o. in charge of ONDCP Trump proposed slashing budget by 95%, removed experts from Conway's 'opioid cabinet', & requested no $$ for public health emergency. Melania playing at imitating Princess Diana is a sad joke.
That is exactly what I was referring to. Even if she actually tried to do something I doubt he would comply. But if people make a big stink about it we might shame him enough.
You know what else is informative? Last week’s issue of InStyle magazine featuring a 2011 interview with Stormy Daniels.
You really shouldn’t cause another woman pain... lift her up don’t put her down.
 .. sweet ....  ...
So sorry for your loss. He was blessed to have someone like you who cared in his life. Sounds like he did not have an easy life. 
My granddaughter lost her mom who was a heroin addict. We have our second fundraiser we volunteered for for foster families in our area. My sister is raising her 2 grandsons and my neighbor across the street has hers. I see the struggles to keep kids safe. heartbreaking
You are so right. I love your videos. You are intelligent and compassionate and eloquent. Our country needs more like you and people like you is who the youths need to listen to and look up to. We waste time and resources on stupid stuff & focus on the wrong things
Praying for you and your family.
Michelle, the image and sentiment are beautiful!  
Yes, beautiful!! Thank you
#Trump

Melania is always beautiful, but I think any pics of her with children, her natural beauty shines thru because she genuinely cares for them and is enjoying their company 
You are so right. I thought that to myself when I saw the picture. Beautiful
Agree.  I have noticed how she lights up around any child. She is a class act!
Thank you for caring, these children need love and understanding
Thank you, our gracious FLOTUS!
Awesome time with childrens !!
You are Beautiful
Breath taking
What the hell
So authentic and natural,when she's around children, we love and respect our First Lady Malenia Trump 
She's a poor example of a Woman to these girls,  she sticks by a man who disrespected her by having sex with other women.
Move on with your life. She's a great example!
All you have to do is to look at those childerens eyes, it shows how happy they're. If you keep harpering then you're blinded by your own pessimistic outlook.
Are you fucking serious are you a child, the look in those eyes have nothing to do with anything.  She's famous thats their look, not anything else. They are children you moron. Guess thats why you enjoy your childlike president. Adults who have childlike thoughts should shut up.
Libtards as you call them are smart enough to teach their daughters that men can't take advantage of their bodies. I bet your fat and wish a man would give you any attention in any way.  You think men grabbing you by the pu÷$y is a sign of love. Poor confused out dated woman.
I know the children and nurses were so glad you came to visit!  You were a bright light in their day!  God bless!
We Love you Melania   you are sincerely caring and compassionate
Don't forget stunning.
Absolutely 
I’m not even a conservative and I can’t help but like you. You carry yourself well. Thanks for the #OpioidEpidemic awareness. I pray it stops soon and may God bless all these children.
Must really piss you off that he made you sign the pre-nup!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Class act IS the first LADY
Love our First Lady!
There are men out there who will love you and respect you @POTUS does not

Btw, you look marvelous and always make us proud.  Thank you. 
You are brave, strong , smart and congratulations to stand by your man as you do.. good team work
The epitome of how the First Lady should present herself: elegant; gracious; compassionate; articulate; and without a doubt, intelligent. @FLOTUS
Melania's down to following 5 people LOL? She wasn't following her stepson Don Jr and now she's even kicked Ivanka off
..!!
Thank you Ma. Trump for visiting our hospital.  We were so proud to host you.  Thank you for being interested in our young children.
Madam President 

We are grateful we have a loving and gracious lady like you to represent us. Thank you.
ditto @FLOTUS is undoubtedly the most fashionable, lady-like, the most beautiful and sincerely graceful first lady since jackie o.
You are so right
First Lady you are doing a wonderful job, and giving so much to America. Thank you so much, lovely First Lady.
Beautiful woman beautiful kids that love her!  U can see she loves being with them...genuine smile.
Melania’s life
Looking beautiful , u are role model for all fordt ladies.

Thank you FLOTUS. Stay classy.
How come you never smile when your around the Donald
You rock FLOTUS!
You would have the support of every woman around the world if you left @POTUS to find your Onassis
Our President is saving this nation. So where the hell is this comment coming from??.
Respectfully, please encourage your husband to actually fund his "opioid epidemic" declaration and to reform/restore the Opioid and Drug Abuse Commission.
And to take care of the VA properly rather than wanting a parade for himself!
Your truly genuine interest in those children is obvious. Thank you for being a wonderful First Lady.
Way to go Melanie! Keep up the good work!
Thank you & God Bless you!
Yay First Lady! @FLOTUS I think many people like you.
La policía política allanó la vivienda y detuvo por más de 24 horas a los activistas Lia Villaresy Luis Trápaga, ambos colaboradores de la plataforma Cuba Decide, denunció este fin de semana la coordinadora del grupo, Rosa María Payá.
Dios me la bendiga.
Viva Cuba libre
Good  job  .
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=10159407939390521&id=773450520 …
Niet... Don't family trump
Melania, you are just amazing. Love from Queens NY
I forget...when did M. Obama take time out of her life for something like this...? Oh, that's right, she didn't.  She was too busy planning black only parties at the WH. 
Oh @FLOTUS how much we love you! You look gorgeous, and your actions are so classy! And you are WONDERFUL with children. Your compassionate heart is on full display. God bless you as you have blessed the USA!!!
The manufacturers of opiods was the catalyst that began the epidemic.  Everyone was making money on drugs and now that we have a problem the reaction is shock, when they knew.  This has ruined it for those who need medication for pain and that is wrong.
If the caring is real there would be more funding for healthcare.  The poor is being hurt the most
 yellow is for friendship 
We love you Melania
No
You are such a wonderful soul. May you be blessed all you days.
Beautiful in yellow
Get some back bone & speak about autism.
Wish we had more people that would reach out to these innocent babies and be educated on the dangers of opioid use during pregnancy and how it affects the babies once they are born thank you @FLOTUS for having compassion and kindness  God bless you
How quickly we try to forget, right Melania? @realDonaldTrump
It's sad to watch your husband treat you like a doormat.
Great photo.
If you used your sleeves you could actually really engage not just watch and worry about you coat landing on the floor.
Your compassion shines on
@realDonaldTrump #Completejoke
You are such a wonderful 1st lady and so beautiful in new yellow
Wow look at all the white children.
You are the best FLOTUS I have ever seen. You are full of grace, elegance, kindness, and class.Don’t ever pay attention to the haters, weu
And you have the most beautiful smile!
You absolutely beam when you're around children.  You have definitely found your calling!
You can sure see the Difference Between a FLOTUS that Loves America & One Who Didn't. #SeniorsDreamToo! Please Help Seniors too? Please help me get Message Out about Seniors? I can't keep going alone on this. Plus twt Decides Who & What I can Say things to? Seriously? Riots Ok?
It’s so nice to have a beautiful and caring First Lady! God bless you and your family!!
I've animated this #intro #Video. How's that? 

Are looking for #YouTube #intro?  Contact me: http://goo.gl/huRHSl 
Dumb
Melania, I know the children enjoyed you and the WH coloring books you brought. I hope you can make a difference in these children’s life’s. Come back to Cincinnati soon, you will always be welcomed there. @MELANIATRUMP  #classy #loveChildren
I totally agree with you, just because she's gorgeous and very low key does not mean she's not doing wonderful work behind the scenes
Melania is a woman of very few words, publicly.Her actions and the way she carries herself speaks volumes of her character.
If she spent the rest of her time as FL visiting children and first responders she will be the most popular FL ever. #loveChildren
Colorado legalized marijuana and the opiate problems are decreased. Marijuana isn't legal in Missouri and the opiate crisis is getting worse.
Any possibility of getting your husband to do something about the OPIOID EPIDEMIC?
Don’t think so...he’s busy planning his army parade
Bless you FLOTUS.

"They say that tougher gun laws do not decrease gun violence. We call BS!" Florida high school shooting survivor Emma Gonzalez calls on President Trump and lawmakers to tighten gun restrictions in impassioned…
You are a Wonderful Person Mrs. 1st LADY !!!!!
Beautiful...you are an inspiration. These children need your influence....wonderful effort!
Day #382 of the hostage situation. First Skank,(former Slovenian soft core porn model) exhausted from her extensive efforts to control cyber-bullies, feels safe with hostage children. #MarryForMoneyEarnEveryPenny
Melania elects to suffer yet protests from her duffer, because here's the the thing, it's all about #KACHING 

So this kind of treason gets a pass as Melania sits on her ass! 

@realDonaldTrump #trumpRUSSIA 
God bless u Melania
So far your husband only gives lip service to this issue.  He prefers demonizing immigrants while 40k+ died of overdoses in 2016.
Then please please please send a memo to your husband to DO SOMETHING! I wouldn't want you to have to be in the same room with him anymore, but hopefully he would have someone read something from you.
You are an amazing person. Keep up the great work that you do for the world!
You're awesome ma'am
Extreme Nice dressing

Thank you for your kind heart, your genuineness shows through in every photo! 

You came to America illegally and brought your family over through the Chain Migration your husband is against. Show your papers.

You bring so much light to this sometimes dark world...Love your beautiful spirit and smile! Thank you FLOTUS...
Such a beautiful & precious #FLOTUS U R LOVED!!! 
So sweet.

Thank you for everything you do. #MAGA
We Love Our Flotus
#FirstLadyGodBlessYourKindHeart
Good Afternoon First Lady. Very Honored to have you on my site. Big fan Ma'am.
I’m glad your taking charge in letting us know.
Beautiful 
It's so nice to see you smiling!
More photo ops with sick kids that the trump administration does nothing to help.
You always look so happy when you're not with your husband!
I love this!!! 
please speak with jeff sessions . His war on pot proves this administration is on the side of the opiate providers not the people being poisoned . In pot legal states opioid use plummets . Always pulling the state line on these issues wont earn you respect. People know the truth.
You are such a beautiful and gracious lady...Thank you Jesus for giving us such a wonderful @FLOTUS
Epitome of class.  Thank you for your service as our FLOTUS!
Melania, you represent our great country with such grace! 
You are so gorgeous inside & out Melania! LOVE that your husband @realDonaldTrump adores & protects you!  Such a winning, inspiring couple! THANK you 4 your dedication & sacrifice! You could have chosen the easy route, but you served America instead. We are forever grateful! 
What???...are you from mars?......they hate each other...well rather, she hates him...look at her face when she’s around him?...if that is how you are when ur with your love interest they need to move on...plus he’s an adulterer...she is too...they r a poor example of love
We all care very much about you, Melania.
BEST First Lady ever !
Praying for you and POTUS thank you for your sacrifice let no one separate what our Lord has blessed 2 to become 1 were there is faith hope and love our Lord is there as well blessings to you all
HIPOCRATE. U make urself out a Christian! Melania may show she doing a good thing with children. But trump is creating a world where those children won't have a future. And it wasn't God who put him in power, but the devil. Like Alexander the Great. Napoleon.Hitle.etc,etc,etc....

Wonderful First Lady She is so good with children. You can see the love in her eyes. 
God Bless You
You look so happy when you're away from HIM.
Come into the light. I'm sure Mueller has a comfy chair and safe room for you.
#MelaniaNeedsASafeSpace
I love to see you smile when you are around children.  With them, you seem truly happy, truly delighted with part of your job as FLOTUS.  Thank you for putting up with the foolish statements others make.  You are a wonderful First Lady. #proudofyou
you are very good and what you do is very beautiful in the eyes of god and god Jesus is very loving you and your child and all the patient's children in the hospital. . Amen. . God is always with us all. .
Finest most elegant First Lady Ever! Thank you for your example. @FLOTUS
A great thing for you to do, appreciated!
:( why do people do things like that

I am afraid she's a victim. If she leaves, her hubby will keep her son and have her deported.  That's the kind of trash the #Predator is.
FLOTUS, you should smile more often. You have a beautiful spirit and smile.
Keep up the good work
#UselessTrophyWife
#Uselessresistersister
 
Melania is a class act!

Get the lysol out for those kids
Awesome frist Lady ....
 @FLOTUS so beautiful inside and out
One word: gracious.

So many women forget that being gracious is the most feminine characteristic!
She visited a center. She didn’t cure cancer. When she pushes for legislation to help the poor or stop bullying (as promised because her husband is likely the most hated man in this country) then shower her with accolades. #WOKE
Thank you Mrs Trump you are doing a wonderful job!
What job? She doesn't work. She shows up for photo opportunities, they air brush her face and publish the pics. She has no job, she does not work for a worthy cause; she's an air brushed photo op. That is all. She's basically, an insult to women everywhere who do work.

REMINDER: Trump campaign chair from Oklahoma and ‘family values' Republican just plead guilty to seven federal counts: child sex trafficking, felony child prostitution, transportation of child pornography, and…
A beautiful site
God bless you, @FLOTUS! We are so very fortunate and proud to have you for our First Lady!
UrSo wonderful tender hearted and caring I am so proud of you thank you
Thank You!
Thank you Mrs. Trump!
Beautiful photos
Thank you for having a great heart and acting out in love to so many different, deserving Americans. You and your husband are appreciated.
You're the best @FLOTUS ever...Thank you 
Ahhhhhhh, that's cute.  I bet you couldn't wait to get home and bathe.  #ImpeachTrump #DumpTrump #Resist
Slt mellania

So proud of you!
Well deserved visit madam first lady.
mmmmmmm....#prostitutes

the heavy yoke of being a #stepfordwife. keeeeeeep smilin
#BREAKING: NSA agents paid a Russian $100K for so-called 'golden showers' intel on Trump after he took office: report https://www.rawstory.com/2018/02/nsa-agents-paid-russian-100k-called-golden-showers-intel-trump-took-office-report/#.Wn4-nxpYzJI.twitter …
you agreat woman
didnt Melania trump come here illegally?, or trumps modeling agency girls that did come here without papers. Also his illegal workers he imports from places like Ukraine and surrounding countries. but if their skin is any other color than white he's opposed to immigration.
What a class act.  She truly embodies the spirit and heart beat of America!
Melania!  Lookin’ fierce in that outfit! So graceful! First time in many, many years I’ve had any interest in our President and First Lady. Funny even with all the negativity, it still feels right and like change is coming. Thank you @POTUS
She's a model all the time
Thank you for being a great First Lady and so caring for children. Godspeed and God Bless.  
Thank you for all you do, we love you.
Love how you light up around kids. Shows you have a big and beautiful heart.
We gotta #GreatFirstLadyAgain
Thank you @FLOTUS and @CincyChildrens
We are so very proud of you.
You are a lovely person inside and out!
Thank you First Lady Melania for caring about the epidemic our communities are facing with the current drug crisis. So many lives and multiple generations are affected. If only we could prevent people from trying drugs to begin with. #RecoveryNCSC
Bless you!
Melania is our President’s greatest asset. She seems a stable calming rock amongst all the Washington sycophants and backstabbers.
Our flotus is a beautiful person inside and out. I am so proud she is represents us
#punished4protecting #fosterwar #reformCPS no more money for taking kids from loving parents and homes.
Good
I like seeing First Lady smile!
Great to have a FLOTUS that cares
Mrs. First Lady.  My wife and I are so PROUD of you and the things you do for our country. We can never show how much we appreciate you and how much you have given up to be the First Lady. You are always welcome to our home for dinner.
George & Janett
#photoOptFlotus
Get real you stand for NOTHING!
Married to the #CheatingPresident


Obama's partner would have taken their French fries away
Why don’t we ever hear the mainstream media report on the wonderful activities embraced by America’s first lady. She loves children and has such a big heart. The mainstream media’s silence speaks volumes about their own political bias. How sad is that!
Report: Bill Clinton Offered Lynch Scalia’s Seat During Tarmac Meeting – QAnon http://www.infowars.com/report-bill-clinton-offered-lynch-scalias-seat-during-tarmac-meeting-qanon/ … via @realalexjones
You're the best first lady ever!
So Proud of our First Lady Melania Trump
Thank you for being such a compassionate person. I’m so proud to have you as our First Lady!
you should visit a good divorce attorney

Melania, PLEASE consider visiting w/the @teamvaxxed folks --- too many children (& their families) sacrificed daily to #PharmaMafia
Death from measles is such a great way to die #science #VaccinationsWork
When Donnie finishes his CheeseburgerS! can you ask him why he allowed a WIFE BEATER! to work in AMERICA’s House! Thanks!
According to #thefirstlady (ivana)  Trump is an abuser and a rapist........ been reported  and covered up.......
ThankYOU, Melania Trump

You are very much appreciated!
Bet it was nice just spending time away from your vile husband!

The best @FLOTUS in history.. so refreshing to see her after 8 yrs of her predecessor..
Thank you FLOTUS!
France is watching #EnqueteExclusive about adoption in USA and shame on your country
These women have accused @potus of sexual assault or harassment
Natasha Stoynoff
Rachel Crooks
Cathy Heller
Kristin Anderson
Summer Zervos
Mindy Macgillivray
Jill Harth
Jessica Leeds
Temple McDowell
Karena Virginia
Jennifer Murphy
Ninni Laaksonen
Jessica Drake

I believe them all
God Bless you and these children Melania. Thank you so much for representing us so well as First Lady...Brings great joy to our hearts
Mrs. Trump, your outfit was perfect for perking up the children at the hospital.   You are doing a great job!
Bless her heart  
Bravo Madame pour votre gentillesse votre simplicité votre humanité vis a vis des plus faibles et surtout des enfants!!
You are a kind and wonderful first lady!God bless those kids!
Your generosity in allowing your husband to support all those poor strippers is inspirational.
FIRST LADY; YOU ARE THE BEST!! THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR COMPASSION AND LOVE FOR OTHERS!! PRAYING FOR YOUOUR GOD IS GOOD~~~~
You are the Best! God Bless You
Exposure to opioids during pregnancy is bad for all mothers. 

Exposure to vaccines may be harmful to 7% of children who have an underlying mitochondrial condition. 

#autism 

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/family-to-receive-15m-plus-in-first-ever-vaccine-autism-court-award/ …
Melania, I wish you only the best.
Wonderful!
Their chapel is a place for prayer and solitude as well
God Bless you Melania. You make us proud!
