
We sure did trade one for another. Michelle, attorney, well spoken and educated. Current one: stripper. I’d say a great trade .
Michael Obama had his license revoked ....not an attorney and certainly not well spoken .... educated? I wonder...

It has been a long time since we had such an active 1st Lady trying to bring good change. Thank you!
Have you been living under a rock? Michelle Obama did so much more for the nation's children than this poser will ever do. She can't even keep her husband from tweeting insults.
We seen how her daughter loves smoking Pot just like Daddy. That's something that should be done in the privacy of your own home not in front of all the little children in the world who look up to those in the Whitehouse. Go crawl back under your Rock from Hell. #Trump2020
Hi, stick w/ the issue at hand. Here is a helpful list of all Michelle accomplished to help kids, most notably ensuring 21 million low income kids are provided lunch. https://blackdoctor.org/483712/job-well-done-first-lady-16-accomplishments-of-michelle-obama/ …
Not sure why making sure kids don't go hungry qualifies as "hell"
Name one child she actually helped
You can really make a difference Melania
First Lady you are a class act through and through! God Bless you!!
 super class through and through
I feel sorry for you, Hate is a curse! Thank God the Clintons are not back in the WH!
It's not hate when it's stating a fact, old lady.
Haha the old bag blocked me for saying "stating the truth isn't hate".
I find it very ironic she has no issue with @laura_stietz's racial hate. It's very telling...
I think that you are an incredible woman with such poise, intellect and class. I think you are the best First Lady we have ever had. I know that you and your family has terrible hateful accusations thrown at you everyday, but I pray for God's hand on your shoulder & peace. TY.
She's a gold digger and at one moment an illegal immigrant.  How is she incredible?
At one point she overstayed her visa which made her illegal then. Having a son born to an American doesn't make her a citizen. Her marriage to Donald gave her legal status. She is an adult who is married to a cheater. She deserves a real man but she knew who she was marrying.
You are such an inspiration, FLOTUS. Look at what they are trying to do to you. You are such a lovely person. ive never met you in person but I can tell. Youre beautiful inside and out. America will never forget what they put you through. #Qanon
@realDonaldTrump #SPANKIE
There is no safety for women too. non citizen culprits are doing crimes in home country and U.S.  violence is continuously happening by non citizen who is on H1B visa. he hit new mom. after delivery of 3days it happened becoz of nursing to my baby. he didn't allow me to nurse.
@POTUS @VP @WhiteHouse @Scavino45 @PressSec @KellyannePolls #H1B escaping crimes from India and filing divorce and custody battles in USA
we need justice. those culprits should be behind bars. kick them back to India. we need public voice. No place should be there in U.S for this culprits. Immediate action should be taken by the U.S authorities. we need an opportunity to meet authorities to raise this issue.@POTUS
we #NRI deserted wives on #H4 visa living in shelter homes away frm r child Faith of Indian marriage 2be decided in Indian courts @mercnews


You are an AMAZING woman and we stand with you, Melania! Thank you for what you do for the children. Barron is a lucky kid to have YOU.
What does she do exactly for children other than a few photo ops at a hospital and a school?  Please give details and refrain from referring to the Clintons or Obamas. I'll wait.
Thank you for all that you do!
What alternative universe do you live in? Other than eye-candy for her philandering husband, Melania is useless.
.@FLOTUS You can file for divorce now. Hes humiliated you enough. Do it for your son and yourself.
Extended family.
I got news for you Melania, you just can't take on this issue and expect anyone to take you seriously, or have any effect on the problem at all when your own husband is the worst offender. You think we're skeptical, that's not true, we think you're a hypocrite.
The 425 People, Places and Things Donald Trump Has Insulted on Twitter: A Complete List -
Trump’s Full List of ‘Racist’ Comments About Immigrants, Muslims and Others
The meme that #Trump retweeted after Heather Heyer was killed by a Nazi-loving protester's car in #Charlottesville
Here's A List Of Countries And Leaders Trump Has Insulted Since His Election | HuffPost
Donald Trump sexism tracker: Every offensive comment in one place
Trump’s History of Encouraging Violence
All the times Trump has called for violence at his rallies http://on.mash.to/2wAMNpS 
It is very difficult for Americans to take your efforts seriously when your husband is one of the worst cyber offenders.  His cyber behavior is beyond dangerous, rude and obnoxious. Start at home.
Why should she or he for that matter when the left has been bullying conservatives every time they end up getting elected. They also bully everyone that disagrees with them
Give me some concrete examples of the left bullying conservatives?  Expressing your opinion isn’t bullying. Name calling and telling everyone that news is fake is an example of bullying.
Calling conservatives homophobes, racists, etc.   I take care of all types of ppl and I don't see their color or sexual orientation. I see ppl for how they behave and how they treat others.
You should start with your husband’s social media behavior!
Rude
Need a safe space, snowflake?

Divorce Cyber Bully in Chief and we might listen to you. Otherwise, just shut up please.
I wonder if you thought/said the same thing about Hillary and her habitual sex abusing/rapist husband. She stuck by her 'man' and you all loved her.  #libsarehypocrites #libslovetohate
But you all took it out on Hillary when Bill was having an affair...soooo...hypocrisy much?
Geez the bots are out now...ok, ill play. I guess her hubs being re-elected, her being a Senator & SoS and being nominated is your idea if "taking it out on her", hahaha thats funny bot, try again.
Lol bot? Says someone who still supports a man elected by Russian bots...
Sure sign of a bot=deflect to Russia.
Deflect? What do you do every time someone brings up Russia? 
I remind the bot/delusional Democrat that just because they keep screaming Russian collusion, dosent make it true.
Melania is AMAZING 
How did you ever accept the Clintons. You contradict yourself.
Bill was impeached.
But he never left office. So what was the point? He still got the retirement perks.
Speaking of children? Here is the case against Trump EVERYONE should read
Yes. Protect all children. They are the leaders of tomorrow. Not just from bullies but also being shot.
And judge Moore's look in to get back in the game!!
omg. say it isnt so.
@WhiteHouse Who's Donnie deferrals DADDY? #VladimirPutin 
What's the country of origin for her brilliant mind??
still don't know if she came here 
legally....how brilliant do you have to be to model?
I've heard..   she got citizenship do to a VERY high... genius
I believe that Melania and her love for children will make a difference for our children!
She wants them to have a nutritious breakfast and lunch as a part of their school day!
I bet you screamed about Michelle Obama leading the way for healthier menus in schools, though.
Lovely @FLOTUS!!



And TRUMP GAVE AMERICA HOPE 
Yes
Love you so much! What a Beautiful,Wonderful First Lady!!

It needs to begin at home!  If you can’t make your husband stop the bullying just how do you think you will make a difference anywhere else?  This job is not for you hon!  No one will ever take you seriously as long as you remain in this sham of a marriage!
Love the content today! More video!!
She is awesome! Together they will do great! Melania handles herself so regal
YOU MAKE A DIFFERENCE TOO!

God has blessed you with incredible work, use your faith and your intelligence to ignore obstacles.
God bless you 
You are a wonderful representative for our country.  Thank you!
Leave foreigner!!
Maybe you should leave.
Kiss my spank
You are absolutely precious 
Thanks Melania taking this issue seriously not only children of USA
Will be benift of your recommendations but also all the world children thanks again in advance

@wompum1956 YOU'RE DISGUSTING.
exactly!!
Keep up the great work FLOTUS!
Ignore all the negativity.stay close to God and all will be well.God Bless
I cannot get over the intensity of pure hatred and malice. No wonder kids are growing up learning it. Such a shame. Disagree on an issue. Don’t bash the person.
I am referring to some of the tweets in this thread.  Appalling.
It’s called free speech. and our Pres has this right just like the rest of America. U don’t have to agree. That’s the beauty of free speech.
Free speech doesn’t mean that you can imsult people.  Would you like me to say things about you and insult you? Don’t do to others what you don’t want to be done to you.
That’s exactly what it means. If it’s lies, u can sue. But free speech is free speech. Hate speech is what the libs r slinging. That’s all you’ve got.
Our @FLOTUS in red!
BEAUTIFUL!!!
Thank you For working for our children 
So now it’s “Cyber Safety”? No longer bullying?  you’re a joke lady.
Hey look another low-information-greasy liberal.
#morelosingforyou 
#Bigly
It's the education that's missing with you isn't it?
#whatadope 
Such a classy first http://lady.Love  you Melania.Hope you can ignore all the sleezy things the Liberals are trying to embarrass your family with.
#SPANKIE #STORMY #MAGA
Never have children had to hear “pussy grabber”, “Porn star Stormy Daniels” and “Shithole” said so often as under the reign of your cheating husband. Leave him.
Just like Larry Sinclair and Obama smoking crack.
You’re Beautiful, @FLOTUS!
Repping strength, intellect, class & resilience for women everyday! Your heart for children, their well being, happiness & protection radiates & should be applauded by the world!
You are so right 
Despite all the Left is doing to hurt her family (it’s inhumane bullying at its worst) she still beams with love. Especially, when holding a child. #WomenofCourage 
#stormy
Ugly Angry liberal.
#U 
@FLOTUS - some mean guy (think his name's @realDonaldTrump or something) called my governor "MOONBEAM." Can you help put an end to this cyber bullying?
AND HE DID THIS DURING EASTER WEEKEND
Classy First Lady! So blessed to have her and President Trump in White House through 2024!!!!
#SPANKIE #STORMY #MAGA
So lovely - thank you 
Melania is giving her best!!! No matter what previous ladies have done, she is stepping out and doing something as well. So instead of insulting step up as a nation and do something for your country all together.  United we can all come far other than that we can’t do nothing.
We love you, Melania!  
Thanks for all you are doing to help MAGA!
Melania, @FLOTUS ...thank you so much...for your grace and elegance...your intelligence and poise...your compassion and experience...I have never been prouder...you stand with the finest and I applaud you
Good job First Lady. We need to have back in schools classes of Matters and good behavior, also Civic respects and religion.
#SPANKIE #STORMY #MAGA
Silence your husband if you want to make a difference.
Do you silence your spouse or significant other?  If so, you are a bully.  More likely, you don't have one if you make them walk and speak in step of what you want.
My significant other doesn’t act like a toddler, nor does he represent our entire county while doing so.
Hahaha. Freak.
Self-hating?
No. I hate bullies.
Oh. Ok. I apologize. I'm sorry that you can dish it out but don't like to be called out for it.  Hahaha. Typical.
I wasn’t bullying anyone ma’am. I was calmly and specifically explaining my point. The president is a bully. And his wife, who claims to be against cyberbullying, enables him. 

Have a great day.
For the first time in a long time we have a president and first lady that have class and elegance. Now that is presidential!
You are being sarcastic, right?
I just love her voice I could listen to her talk ALL DAY LONG! What a great FLOTUS we have! So pretty and so full of class...POTUS is a very lucky man. #FLOTUS #POTUS I love you FLOTUS you make me proud! #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump #SPANKIE
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisease #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Intelligent, good mother, good wife, good woman, beautifull woman and faith woman.  Im from Colombia.  I live in Colombia But I say to United States people that You have a great First Lady.  Congratulations.
I am so truly sorry that people act this way. You are wonderful and don't let them get you down.
Melanie, stay strong.  You are better than most.  Keep the faith and pray.  We pray with you for the attack on your family.
Great job Melania @FLOTUS ! 
Thank god 4 trump
 PowerPrayers
Making a difference with children could start with your predator husband teaching respect and anti bullying

Thank you first lady it's been long time since we had such a wonderful first we appreciate your role which is so important and crucial
#MAGA 
#Trump2020
Let's make America great again 

Have Donald committed to the psych ward 
You go back to Slovenia 
Win win for everyone
@realDonaldTrump #SPANKIE
Thank YOU @FLOTUS ! 
OUTSTANDING, MELAINA.
Melania is a great First Lady!!
Your first task should be to stop cyber-bullying, you have a lot of experience because you go to bed every night with one, when he's not busy banging a pornstar or some other whore behind your back or probably in front of you cuz you're just a money grubbing moron
钱宝微商比其他电商平台最大的好处
I think you may be sincere, but your own ignorance to your husband's bullying, cruelty, name calling and lies on social media have become the model of acceptable behavior in the Trump White House. 
#hypocrites #DoubleStandards #StopBullying
 Thank You 
@StormyDaniels
Thank you FLOTUS for doing a great job! God bless you! #MAGA
U r awesome.
@realDonaldTrump #SPANKIE
You're great I'm glad you're thinking about American children First Lady.
#GunReformNow can make a difference to children. Your husband is the biggest on line bully and our children, including yours, are watching and learning.
And your setting such a fine example trashing a president. Apparently your parents forgot to explain respect to the office despite weither you agree with him or not
@realDonaldTrump #SPANKIE
This is how she works for the country, supporting the children and her husband's work.

I  my @FLOTUS  a kind and beautiful soul that is a ROLEMODEL for us all  #GraceAndBeauty
I'm so happy to see that there are open discussions concerning taking place with the media, and the internet, for the safety of our American children. My own Facebook account has been hacked twice. So my greatest concern is for the safety of my family and friends across America.

God bless you dear First Lady .
I Prayers for you and you Family Mrs Trump Lord Protect our First Lady I am Proud of You Mrs Trump 
WORLDLOVE*****THANKS.
For our children and generations to come 
How do you feel your husband’s public, repeated infidelities effect your son? Can’t be good for him. Why don’t you clean up your own backyard instead of focusing on other people’s kids? Your husband hasn’t spent one day with him since he was born! Shameful. He’s gross. Leave him.
@FLOTUS @Jacob_Dimartino $RDAR
ERM...OK!
Meanwhile my school did nothing to protect me
I am very proud of the way you handled that. My prayers are with you!
You might enjoy this information better. 
Look up NYS Penal Law 255.17
Thank you #FLOTUS!
@realDonaldTrump #SPANKIE
We  you @FLOTUS 
We really do!! 
Stormy Daniels??
What type of drugs are you on.....  send them my way!!!

Pray for us
Pray for us
Pray for us
The Parkland kids are being personally bullied for speaking up against gun violence. Your silence is deafening. @Emma4Change @davidhogg111 #Parkland #SpeakUpOrSitDown
good job
Nice Melania! Keep it coming. When they go low....we go high..I think you know who said that.
Melani , you are doing a great work for our Children. May I suggest most importantly, we need our children to have access to seeing the Bible teaching of LORD shown on internet for learning purposes. Cleaning up dirty language, and showing honest clean applications on our interne
Very proud of our First Lady.
Why haven’t you made a statement about Laura Ingraham bullying Parkland students? Your silence on her cyberbullying sends the clear message that you don’t take the issue seriously.
congratulations!
@BreitbartNews This is what I'd like to see more of.  #MelaniaTrump #FLOTUS showing the People what she's working on.  Not news articles about her fashion sense.  There's more to her than that.
Thank you @FLOTUS you are making America great again. Keep up the wonderful job you are doing. We know you are working behind the scene to improve America
#ProudOfOurFirstLady 
#MakingTheFirstLadyGreatAgain 
#MAGAKAG
You are great.  Your husband is pro cyber bullying, making it difficult to follow and trust your credibility.  STOP DJT‘s angry, threatening, chaos causing (to millions of people), TWEET ATTACKs.  Action will earn you respect from our nation & world partners.
Amen FLOTUS keep up the great work.we are so blessed to have both of you.just wish people would open their eyes and realize it.
God Bless you and your family.
This is great but it has to be a joke when you look at your husband and stepson and how they bully! Seriously!!
Great job First Lady Melania Trump..!  Great job..!!
Thank You, Melania Trump for your efforts!
May God Bless you dear First Lady. I stand with you.
@realDonaldTrump #SPANKIE
Thank you, Melania!
Thank you @FLOTUS for your non-political, honest concern and response on the issue of protecting children on social media.
We love you @FLOTUS

Have you and Donald started packing your bags to move out yet? I'll take anything IKEA you leave behind. Thanks Beau 
They have another 6 years at least
Haha cute
Es Lo Más Precioso De Un Ser Humano Ayudar A Los Niños, Mis Felicitaciones Melania Trump,
Yeah, don’t remember hearing from you on this subject 
Was Melania sensitive to the feelings of Michelle Obama or her children by defending Trump’s fake news birther claims?…
You are amazing Melania
Change starts at home. So please @FLOTUS, sit down to dinner tonight and talk to your husband about this exact topic. His Twitter feed is all you need to get the conversation started, right @realDonaldTrump??
It is a great idea to stop cyber bullying but when you have adults like our President who is a big cyber bully then how can we expect our children not to do it! The kids learn by our example so the message to stop bullying must come from the adults they look up to! Good Luck!!
With love and congratulations!
I think we should start a campaign for promoting greater empathy in America. We need to become a kinder, gentler nation. We need empathy to emotionally connect to other people. This can help stop mental illness and bullying too.

RT if you miss a president who really loves his wife.

#StormyDanielsDay 
Beauty, class, intelligence
#Spanky #ImpeachTrump #TrumpIsNotAboveTheLaw 
#DavidDennison #PresidentSpankyHankyPanky
What a wonderful woman So proud of you FLOTUS
America has a #Bullying problem that leads to violence & shooting like #Parkland school shooting. TU 4 addressing.
If you want to be seen as a credible person please disavow Laura Ingraham and Fox for bullying, your supposed First Lady platform, David Hogg. He is a teenager who survived a mass shooting. How would you react if it was Barron she was attacking??
Love our First Lady  soooo elegant
Thank you Mrs. Melanie Trump for making this issue your passion. Our children and their children will benefit from your efforts. Please never give up.
A perfect time to actually utilize your “anti-bullying”  platform is now! Laura Ingraham is using a nationally televised show and social media to bully a Parkland teenager and not a word from you!
Well, she lost advertisers as a result of her self-righteous stupidity. And then decided to apologize. Loss of  makes you say sorry quick!
So sorry the news media is causing so much havoc! Hope and pray you will stay strong, as they are doing everything in their power to put a wedge in your marriage!  You are in my thoughts and prayers!!
The sad thing is there are always going to be http://bullies.my  daughter was bullied over and over I bump into the bully and I get a battery charge Ahaha $300 later
Thank you for looking at this serious problem. As a mom and youth minister for 22 years, I witnessed how violence in all media forms desensitized our youth, and made them say things "murder is part of everyday life."
#SPANKIE #STORMY #MAGA #spanker
Don't worry @MELANIATRUMP #BarronTrump's new mommy is going to make a difference for him 
MICHAEL and I

are telling YOU @CDelposto to stay off this.

Keep ur butt sit.

u don't want to end DelPozo.

This is what we need ! Protection for our kids on Social Media. Good job FLOTUS!
Yes indeed you guys can make it now and always

Your husband, President Bully, attacks people regularly and his rotten sons are just as bad. Why don’t you start your anti-bullying campaign at home and teach your tyrannical hubby, @realDonaldTrump to be a better role model? #FAKEPresident
HI FASHIONABLE LADY!TELL PRAYER TEAM ABOUT LUKE 22,IT ABOUT JESUS INSTRUCTING HIS DECIPLES TO CARRY SORDS BECAUSE. THE HOUR WAS DARK.

Nice meeting

Now actually do something about cyberbulling from Laura Ingram of David Hogg my guess is you will do  bigly zero about as you can't control the childish cyberbullychiefcommanderincharge
Nice job
SO MUCH RESPECT and PRIDE for WHAT “WE”.  Have to REPRESENT   OUR   COUNTRY!!

HEY @FLOTUS MY BROTHER IS LITERALLY GETTING CYBERBULLIED BY @IngrahamAngle. 

ANY COMMENTS? 

…
Honestly this makes no sense at all and seems to be a concocted media event and or an activity. The horrid abuses coming directly from White House have never in the entire history of the U.S. been so vile and detrimental. None of this is helpful.
Thank you for all your help with our children!
How about a comment from @FLOTUS on @IngrahamAngle cyber bullying @davidhogg111 since your platform is Anti-cyber bullying? Silence is complicity.  #LauraIngrahamIsABully #MSDStrong #BlueWave2018 #resist #ProtectOurChildren #NeverAgain  #EnoughIsEnough
Goodluck Madam Melania T.
Wait what did she say?  Lol....  I couldn't understand nothing she was saying,  sounded like Arnold Schwarzenegger!!
It will only get better with you and your family leave the White House. Stormy weather ahead
America loves you Melania! We  think you are beautiful and good. And  about the busiest First Lady we have ever seen.  Thank you for all  you do.
استاد عبدالصمد قرائتی عضوارشد واصلی گوگل و دارند نشان ومدال مولفه گوگل ومحقق گوگل ومدیریت پخش زنده کانالهای پر طرفدار ماهواره‌ای و بین‌المللی در پنج قاره مهم جهان و عضو ارشد کلیه محصولات گوگل ویاهونیوزو فیسبوک و توییتر و یوتیوب وسایتهای مهم خبری به روز شده ..
#FirstLady
Thank God for a gracious First Lady
@FLOTUS THANK YOU FOR SHOWING US YOUR DAILY GRACE GOD BLESS YOU AND GOD BLESS AMERICA
@WhiteHouse ...You had many opportunities for you and your son to meet our children and what they are going through...
@FLOTUS, if you can’t comment on the cyber bullying trending on twitter against the MSD students, then you really needs to stop pretending you care about bullying. #MSDStrong
Going to start with that swine of a husband of yours? Go back to Europe!
That's right it's the way you raise your children will determine our future destination raise them right...
Thank you, Mrs. Trump for all you do for the children and for representing America as such a beautiful, classy, kind and intelligent First Lady!  
This is the first time I looked at replies to a tweet from Melania. I can't believe how many liberals troll the first lady. Get a life! It's disgusting! Horizons for homeless children are looking for volunteers. Instead of acting like you are virtuous try helping someone.
Why are you not speaking out against the cyber bullying directed against the MSD students by such “adults” as Dana Loesch and Laura Ingraham, to name a few? They’ve been subjected to death threats, lies, hateful memes, and name calling. They deserve better
Bruderschaft der Völker
Thank you first Lady for just being being u all your  doing. ure  like Lady Di And mother Teresa. And your Beauitful  special in side and out . And a very stronger tough and sensitive loving caring person.      
 GOD BLESS THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Best FLOTUS we’ve had.  Thank you.
Start with your own child! Get him away from his father, now!
Liberals are the biggest bullies out there! Just look at all these vile tweets! Just ignore them Melania, keep being the strong, gracious, loving lady that you are! I am grateful to have you as my FLOTUS!
@realdonaldrtump #SPANKIE
You trying to say something?
Melania Trump is a FRAUD!
Thankyou @FLOTUS for truly caring about children 
Just wondering, how is it that all of the people around these tables "talk" and every response you have has to be "read" from a prepared script?  Do you now know how to have a simple discussion and use your own words?
How can you claim cyber-bullying as your cause and remain silent about the abuse and threats being heaped upon the survivors of the Parkland school massacre?
