How about you make the world safer for all of us by taking @realDonaldTrump #FatNixon’s phone from him to stop his stupid a$$ rants?!
Thank you Melania for representing America’s concern for children and showing great hospitality to Mr. and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia.
@MELANIATRUMP
#lovesChildren #classy
Being FLOTUS isn’t about how you dress, smile at camera and presents, it’s about service to the nation and making a difference and that start with passing responsible gun law that keeps our children safe . Pass gun law now !
Congress writes and passes laws.
First Lady has NO power.
3 branches of government.
Maybe this is a crazy idea, but...making the world safer for children *might* include common sense gun legislation? Just throwing it out there...
How about better PARENTING..it worked back in the 70s-80s.
And those kids grew up to be bad parents? Is that what you’re saying? Because your logic would then be rubbish.
Best response 

Best FLOTUS we’ve had in years!
Wow! Really!
Wow!  Really only 2 followers?  Bye troll.
Hey, Melania... if you really meant what you said about your concerns for children, you'll pack up your things, and Barron's, and hightail it far, far away from that disgusting husband of yours.
Hey, Hope Hicks, can you ask Melania to get a move on with her whole cyber bullying thing?
We love you Melania! You make America proud!  Gracious, beautiful, kind, thoughtful and genuine. Something America has been missing in a First Lady for many years!
Porn star who went to the highest bidder. Sells designer clothes. Steals her predecessor's speech and is loved by those who only think one way.
I'm not jealous. I masterbate to lesbian porn on occasion.
Love you too.
Thank you for sharing, Melania. We love  and respect you and your wonderful husband, President Trump. You are both working so very hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Look at the bot
You didn’t get the message??? Twitter cleared the bots. Oh wait?? You think it’s BS too?? And they really only targeted conservative accounts?? Yeah....me too.
They are not done still researching IP addresses etc.
LISTEN PEOPLE! I AM NOT A BOT, AND I WANT TO SAY THAT LIGHTNING MCQUEEN CROCS ARE NOT AVAILABLE IN ADULT SIZES!!! MAKE THAT CHANGE AND SIGN THE PETITION!!
How many rubles do you earn for each post?
I’m not sure if you’re talking to me ma’am, but I don’t get paid at all to do this. I campaign for my petition to show Crocs that the people of the world want what they’re giving to us!
Nyet!
Thank you for being the classiest first lady ever!
Pure class.
tell him I need to holler at him
Talk to your husband about his bullying
Are you and #DonaldTrump headed to #MarALargo for another long weekend paid for by taxpayers? 
You mean like all of Obama’s trips to Hawaii and his golf trips and you’re right sending money in the middle of the night on a plane to terrorist is much better than Trump taking a vacation #Traitor
So
Thank you @FLOTUS for being such a gracious host for our country!!! We love and appreciate you so much!!! 
Blessing to you and @POTUS as you continue to #MAGA!! 
Love love love @FLOTUS~beautiful 
We love the whole First Fam!
We do too! God Bless You Both.
New follower.
Thank you for following.
Mighty welcome!
OH REALLY. What did you discuss in this plan for making our country safer for kids?
Much more than anything you've done or you might have been invited.
You are doing a great job!  Just ignore the naysayers.
How is she doing a great job. Cite your sources.
Get bent.  Nobody owes you an explanation.
Geezes .. world peace ! But guns are ok huh flotus?
Hi Melania Trump
Day # 398 of the hostage situation. First Skank (former Slovenian soft core porn model) meets an actual "First Lady" who knows, perhaps some class will rub off?

@jamesalandarby
You are a wildcatfucking love it.
##DeportMelania and her family.
Very disrespectful!!

They probably hate you.  Like the rest of us.
In the interest of making the world a better place for children, let your husband know that arming teachers is a bad idea and banning semi automatic weapons is a good idea.
You Are Lovely Lady. Bless You
Опять же, это называется английский. Учитесь говорить на нем. Please.
Bot!
Bill  my sincere apology if I retweeted or if i hit the like button on this pic I am not a bot I am MAGA ! I am searching for the pic now  thank you for bringing it to my attention.
Don't bother...please!
Good job my lady.....Now drop that zero and get with a hero.  :)
Ha, well, you don’t exactly look like a hero, sorry but she’s got what millions of us see as quite a hero!!!
Well with that admission it's interesting to know you're into sadomasochism as being with the manchild is a special kind of punishment.....Enjoy!
Concerns for children huh? Melania Trump vowed that if she became first lady, one of her key missions would be to combat online bullying. “Our culture has gotten too mean and too rough, especially to children and teenagers." When is this mission going to start?
Your adult step son is bullying a 14 year old survivor of the Parkland Shooting. Way to go combating cyber bullying mam.
canada PM family in india.
Crisis actors wanted, March 4, Houston,  Toyota center, Christian bands. HELP! STOP THIS SHOOTING.
You look so stiff and fake! Guess that’s because you had clothes on
Mrs.Trump, I believe that you make this world a better place. God Bless you.
Very sweet words. She’s made the world a better place for each child she’s encountered, hugged, and smiled at.
I think she will continue to visit children. #LovesChildren

Unfortunately haters going to hate.
I Agree and I am so grateful for her.
I always look for when she visits people or entertains at her home.I love her clothes, and her beautiful smile.Her class & dignity is shown by her silence.She doesn’t give speeches nor responds to her critics.Her silence speaks volumes. #LovesChildren #classy
Ones lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Yeah I fail to see the nobility in silence too. I wish Emma Gonzales were in the White House.
Keep on with the good work
How about banning military style guns like Australia did. Works a treat at making children's lives better by allowing children to just live. How novel.
Es una dama bien hermosa y lo digo con todo mi respeto. She’s a very beautiful woman very beautiful first lady and I say with all the respect for my heart president has a very beautiful wife and I mean it with all respect
Thank you Melania  love you and our President... you are doing a magnificent job as our First Family... we feel your love.
Did you need an interpreter? I'm sure they don't speak RUSSIAN.
at this point you give the impression of being complicit in every bad action/decision or of being a hostage. the world/history will sit in judgment of your silence and it is fine if you are strong enough to withstand the backlash. but, for one who is supposedly so concerned with
Your husband’s policy of chain migration covers only spouses and minor children.  Will he be deporting these two unemployed Slovenian communists?  Chain migration at it’s worst.

14-Year-Old Parkland Survivor Begs Melania to Get Donald Trump Jr. to Stop Bullying Her http://dlvr.it/QHZrhl  

by giving teachers guns.
Why?
Most beautiful 1st lady ever I have seen.
Anyone with that kind of money  can look beautiful too!  Beauty won’t save our children. #donothingflotus
Mes Trump so elegant no Guns in school we don't want security guards teaching we want educators leading creating make social service reps train and act help keep track families
Help To IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP
No! Get out. He is the best President!
Bring your papers with you. ICE is detaining even levels till they show their birth certificate.
Melanie, just shut up.
It's so okay
Did she ask if you have seen any good movies lately? #BlueWave2018 #EndCitizensUnited #Resistance #NoWall maybe education movies?
 

Please do not let Obama Become Head Of UN! He will allow along with Hillary mass incarceration WORLD WIDE
Don’t worry Hussein done
What about the allegations of rape against your husband by a 13 year old virgin? Your a MOM! https://www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-bloom/why-the-new-child-rape-ca_b_10619944.html …
You're doing a great job! We are very proud of you! God Bless!
World is a better place if your hubby resigned and signed divorce papers.

Thank you FLOTUS for all your good energy and work!!! @IvankaTrump  https://www.suijuriscourtangels.com/iump-subscription-plan/ …
Your know Ivanka is his daughter, not his wife, right? 
I believe the joke here is that he is attracted to his daughter although I may be wrong
Why make it perverted when it's not; nobody more loyal or trustworthy then Daddy's little girl!
I did not imply anything ‘perverted’. You tagged the first lady’s step-daughter on a thread that had nothing to do with her. You did not tag her other step-children. It was just a question.
Wow never knew that very interesting, I just answered things as I saw them and connecting is what the Internets all about. I defend @realDonaldTrump  and he's no pervert for his daughter is what I thought it sounded like you saying. Sorry! http://www.suijuriscourtangels.com 
carry on white house.
Why don't you divorce the cheat??
Is this a parody account?
Can you show me one picture of the current first "couple" that doesn't look like a hostage situation gone terribly wrong?
There are plenty of them!
Thank you Ivanka; an inspiration to us all! Best First Lady ever;
Ewwwwww ivanka ks trumps daughter.
If you’re so against BULLYING why don’t you get on TV and tell people to stop bullying these poor children that have just been traumatized by 17 of their classmates being killed..!  now they’re being BULLIED on the Internet, if that’s what you really believe...

You are classy with a capital C.  I am so thankful that you are the First Lady and that dignity has been restored to that position!
Dignity? Bwaaaaahahahahahaha okeeeeeee then!
Beautiful
Gun control come up??
Thank you First Lady, God bless you and our President.
God bless you @Flotus
Thank you Melania 
For taking on the awesome responsibilities of first lady
We are grateful & support you
BTW
She owes U nothing
The one job she agreed is to support her husband
Judgemental much
I assume U know all about blow up dolls & women who boast about everything they do
She is shy and quiet, even if she was a model 
She does true service, doesn't have to have it all noticed
dont pay any attention to people like that. they get all of there info from msmbc and CNN and they both lie and control the narrative. Lies, lies, and more lies.
You are right!!
Thank you
Ummmm BULLYING? @MichelleObama most definitely had a garden by now and had addressed the shitty good kids were eating in school.
best thing ever done was not being mandated by govt 4 school lunches we can do it ourselves
Love your outfit. You always look beautiful.
I love everything thing she wears. Always, always looks great. She cares about her image, like royalty.
She makes jeans and a t-shirt look like 1 million bucks.
Maybe you can get your Husband to take real action on guns. Then Children might have a chance of growing up!
Where's dept education input more boys girls clubs ,reading programs, stricter repeate offender sentences ,
You are such  fabulous First Lady.  Thank you for the class and the grace you have brought back to the White House
You are the most classy,  beautiful and intelligent first lady the United States has ever had! Thank you for your service.
How is your mission to fight for children who are bullied and you do nothing within your own family.  No wonder you have no voice. A family of bullies is where you live
A suggestion... If the NRA would like to be part of a solution...ask them to fund the schools so that each school can have the same security that an airport has. Metal detectors and armed security! #NRA #security #MAGA
@FLOTUS feel free 2 share ur “great visit” & talking points w/ Mrs Turnbull.  Our country has been so disappointed in ur lack of concern 4 cyber-bullying.  We understand ur resentment at Trump 4 his porn star/playboy scandals but what r u doing 4 our children

OMG LOL 
I bet the prime minister's wife did not marry her husband for money.
Well he is worth 200 million or so. So maybe..........
Nope they married young and she came from a well to do family. He made his money later. Google it.
You discussed world peace? 
Sounds like a Beauty Pageant speech. Good luck with #WorldPeace you might want to start with some diligent work on Cyber Bullying. 
#sad
Thanks!  This shows that we have Pride in our White House and makes us Proud!
We  are Proud of our President & First Lady !
What a disgrace you and your husband are  to this country. We deserve so much better than the Trumps/Russians.
Getting rid of your husband and his nasty tweets would be a great start
Say and don't forget to take actions as the world children are waiting for this dream come true.

Do u think mrs turnbull looked at you with clothes on or off?
Stormy days are upon u!
@TurnbullMalcolm shamed Australians by kissing @realDonaldTrump ass.  He insults you as "the worst meeting ever" and you cower and rollover. I don't know ONE Australian who thinks Trump is anything other than dangerous. #embarrassedOz
Proud of my First Lady
You are a joke...
I bet Mrs. Turnbull will never stop bragging about her visit to you. You must have been America for her. Your people are magnificently proud of you. God must be proud of you also. After all, He made you for this time in history. It's no small matter.
GRANDMA says please think about assault weapons and why it's so easy to purchase one. Do we really need them?    How can we justify the sale of them?  Most of all how can we sit back and watch our children being slaughtered?

Start with your husband
Seems like there’s a lot butt kissing on your pg. if you’re such an advocate for anti-bullying why have you done zero? The kids in FL are receiving death threats. Cat got your tongue?
How abt asking your hubby's base to stop bullying teens who survived a massacre and to stop threatening their lives? You could have an impact.
God's blessings on you, your endeavors as First Lady, your family
Paying off porn stars and playmates is not locker room talk. Unlike Hilary who stuck by Bill  for political gain, it seems like you are in it for the money. Please don't do a stand-by-your-man  interview like she did. You could be an amazing role model. Where is  your pride?

14-year-old student calls on @FLOTUS to demand @DonaldJTrumpJr stop cyber-bullying her. 
At least you got his name right, not like your adulterous husband- what was it Trumbull, Tumble hahahaha.
Did she mention how they implemented gun control and ended mass shootings?
Looks like you made a bad choice of old rich husband!!!!!
You wanting to stop cyberbullying is such hypocrisy!!!
So good to see, getting along and making progress!
Australia doesn’t like you or your husband 
I can't get over how classy our FLOTUS is. Even when she's sitting at an event, her class just surrounds the area.
Amen 
Now you make me curieus. How do you want to make it safe? Guncontroll? Or more guns on the street and schools?

Did you chit chat about all the mass shootings??
So is your huaband did you tell your husband not to end programs to help the most vulnerable children that you claim to love so much? #justthinkingoutloud
So many violent and venomous liberals. Sicb hate in their hearts.  Ignore them.  They'll eat each other eventuality.
Mrs Turnbull (turdballs) Ive bever seen her do a thing to help children. I never even seen her before today.
As Americas starting to deport immigrants we need to start deported immigrants from the White House
Ain't That SOMETHINGGOODBYE satan
واطفل.سويا.الذينايمتون

Paid hooker.   Go back to latvia
Mrs President please tell your husband, that a pen is the only weapon a teacher should carry.
Australia voted their gun laws after only 1 school massacre. Guess they stand by kids teachers not creepy NRA guy He spoke like McCarthy Wow
Your worried about kids? What are you doing about the 17 dead children inFlorida?
Hi my name is Reva how and I would love to talk about school lunches they are terrible especially here in Cleveland Ohio launching a horrifying and our children are going home hungry every day because they throw them away because they're burnt or dried out it is sad for them
Ok
SALUTE 
Spread the love @FLOTUS by using other people's Twitter handles too @TurnbullMalcolm @thepmo
Talk is cheap Melania. So far we haven't seen anything from you. You said you wanted to work against internet bullying and yet you are married to the biggest one. What have you done to stop him?????
I am so proud of you!!! Thank you for being such a classy lady! We love you!!!
I just LOVE seeing this White House clips SO MUCH!  It makes me feel included in my government for the first time.  Just beautiful!  Thank you!
Long hair looks pathetic on an older woman. It would be more appropriate if you would update your hairstyle.
Our Prime Minister is an embarrassment...if only he had brass balls like Trump!

Did he explain their gun laws?
You probably aren’t aware, but recently the prime minister mocked your hubby in front of parliament. It was a hoot. These people don’t respect you. They’re laughing at you and watching the chaotic spectacle that has become the White House. Sad.
You are a great 1st Lady. Thank you.
I love this people scream about the mental health state of Cruz, bullying etc but they come on here and react the opposite. They become bullies, etc. Just sad that people flip flop. People need to act responsibly as kids feed off adults
Answer to @lauren_hoggs
Who is Lauren Hoggs?...and How can others help? 
Pourquoi son mari ne veux pas avoir des étrange?
AKA  Prime Minister Trumbull.
so glad the meeting with the the Aussie land PM/wife went so well...love Australia .  BTW the FLOTUS would do us proud in a gunny sack!!!  Love her!!
It's great having a brilliant and beautiful First Lady who knows what it is to be a LADY!
Wow your English is really improving. Not bad for an immigrant. And an immigrant whose parents are here thanks to so-called ‘Chain Migration’. #MAGA
What a circus!!! @TurnbullMalcolm 
What can possibly be achieved with the airhead? Wrong move mate, wrong move
Were you ever in the same room with him?
Your the most pathetic representation of this country. Nobody cares what you the no.
The lack of Kindness, and compassion and the complete lack of shame you seem to have while while you spin your nonsense about those things while your husband insults, tweets, lies and Bullies is incredible.
Melania your husband is a fool but you seem like a really nice well intentioned lady. I’m not pissed that your first lady. We could do worse 
You are so lovely.
By killing children in third world you wiil be succeed
La Nuova Zelanda o L'Australia ci ha fatto visita
Avete lo zucchero filato o le castagne arrostite
Questo primo ministro mi ricorda un aereo Americano Tunderbuld
Perdona la mia incoscienza
Please explain why you had time to post this nonsense but not to respond to @lauren_hoggs? You’re a coward Melania. You refuse to do the right thing. You have the chance to make it right now - act. Don’t ignore.
Thank you Flotus for the beautiful job you do for the American people
Asking for a friend Mel - if an older couple have no degrees and no skills but got into the US and may become citizens because of an immigrant daughter with a rich husband, is that chain migration?
How about banning assault-type weapons?   American children should not be afraid at school.
Define assault weapons. A lot of people with big mouths don’t have a clue what they are talking about. 

Melanie you are the best First Lady ever.
You jelly?
Was wonderful
What was her idea? Will you and her be working together to try and implement a few??
We are just dying to hear what solutions to help our children you ladies came up with over tea. Do tell. Or stop sending these texts with fake sentiment. We get enough shit from your husband and step-kids.
Banning assault weapons would be a perfect place to start.
Start with gun control. Innocent Children killed in school shootings have to end
Useless.
What about the child asylum seekers your husband separates from their parents. You are a fraud and your words mean nothing.
How many kids did you and husband kill today by making money off of their deaths?
Did you talk about gun control.
Thank you.
