We are so lucky to have you as our first lady, Mrs Trump! I'd love to meet you one day.
Heading to Rikers Island anytime soon?
The only people who should be going to Rikers Island are people who use drugs. #DrugsAreSatan #DevilsLettuce
Again, heading to Rikers Island anytime soon?
I have never tried drugs or alcohol in my life! Jesus has always been my high.
parody account?
I'm afraid I don't follow.
Thank you for being a voice on this issue! 

America appreciates our president and our First Lady!!!  @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP
Wholly Crap! 

Is it just me or does Melania get more beautiful each day?
It's not just you 
It’s the fact that she is more at ease and realizing her place, makes a person better inside and out! @FLOTUS is Beautiful because she knows now that she is appreciated!
Great first lady @FLOTUS
Romans 15:13
Now may the #God of #hope fill you with all #joy and #peace in believing, that you may abound in #hope by the #power of the #HolySpirit.
#GOD bless our #Nation  #FollowJesus #OneNationUnderGOD
Titus 3:1-2
Remind them to be subject to #rulers and #authorities, to obey, to be ready for every good #work, to speak #evil of no one, to be #peaceable, gentle, showing all #humility to all #men.
National #TakeBackDay is one step closer to fighting the #OpioidEpidemic.  Parents, take action and get rid of unneeded medications.  Find your nearest disposal site at https://takebackday.dea.gov/  and help protect our children!
Do NOT flush medicine down the toilet! It makes it into our drinking water.

How about we fight to get doctors from taking kickback for pushing unneeded meds, fight pharmaceutical companies from pushing financial incentives at doctors,  fight insurance companies who deny alternative treatments... this is a greater issue with many layers. This is a start
Good job! Repeat this daily until someone listens 
You are my hero for this moment Melania.
How can you tolerate him?
3/3 forever. I see my wife trying to care for me, but she also can not bear what I go thru just in a 24 hour period. The pain is real, it is constant & it is most unbearable. ~Rich (a man who served his country, but his country has turned it's back on him. I'm done. Drop the 
I am so sorry for your pain. I live with it too and some days we wonder if this is all were going to get. Bless you and thank you for your service Hero. Don’t give up 
Never giving up. My queen keeps me on track, along with my grandkids!
Study: Legal #marijuana appears to reduce prescription #opioid abuse http://mynorthwest.com/946574/study-legal-marijuana-opioid/ … via @Mynorthwest
Why #BigPharma is Losing Grip as Study Shows Nearly 100% #Cannabis Users Give Up Rx Pain Meds
How many of those supposed patients suffer with intractable pain? You know, the ones for which the pain itself is fatal if left untreated WITH OPIOIDS? About 0%? And BTW, the only time I ever tried medical marijuana, it caused near-fatal cardiac arrythmias&a week in the hospital.
Bullshit. Next time go buy real weed and not crack. Should know the difference.
My niece stopped Zanex after 10 plus years! She is almost back to normal! 14 months sober now! Actually seems like the old niece We loved! Prescription Drugs are dangerous! Many need them, most don’t. SemperFi @codeofvets @Cruz_Crew125 @realDonaldTrump
You are a garbage FLOTUS
If you’re going to insult the 1st lady, do it in proper English. Otherwise you look more foolish than you already do.
Take back you husband. We don’t want him as president.
What's this 'we' business...? Speak for yourself woman!
She's speaking for the majority.
Now that’s funny. She is  speaking for the majority of misinformed voters. The resistance is a joke!! Resist from what....America first, good economy, safe boarders, or rule of law?
Can you seriously not see why people dislike & distrust trump? Beyond it all, he's a bad person. Period. He cares only for himself. The world will actually improve slightly, the second he passes. Presidents I didn't agree with in the past never ever ever gave this impression.
This is your reply? A guy that lives in video game fantasy worlds is calling me a cry baby. Lol anyway, back to the video game chair junior, the adults are trying to accomplish things. PS you missed the point on a grand scale. I assume you're a high school junior.
Because I play video games what!? You need your head checked son!
Day #462 of the hostage situation. First Skank (former Slovenian soft core porn modes) fails to understand just how badly many hostages want to be sedated during these The Dark Times!
@jamesalandarby
What? I'm a pig.

Oink Oink
>>
How about the Country gets rid of unneeded meds and you get rid of your cheating , morally corrupt lying husband.  Fair deal!
This has to be one of the dumbest remarks I have seen unreal

You are the best first lady @FLOTUS
#DonaldTrump didn’t get you anything for your birthday. #PresidentObama would never disrespect Michelle that way. One day maybe you too will have a loving faithful respectable husband. 
Mr. And Mr. obama are irrelevant, there in history's trash can. Maybe one day you will have a faithful and loving husband like President Trump.
2/3 @FLOTUS should take a meeting with #Vets who've been forcefully taken off fentynal, Norco, tramadol, vicodin, (Schedule II narcotics and given nothing for our condition (no one cares that we are on a pain level so great that we know this is how of quality of our lives will be
The scare they have put into Dr’s has cost folks who need it and don’t abuse it for sure. If you tell your Dr you don’t have the quality of life you did have, such as walking, exercising. If you have bone pain they could try celebrex and control intense pain w/Vicodin or norco
Been there, done that unfortunately. Celebrex doesn't even begin 2 take the pain away n my big toe. Not exaggerating . I've got 3 plates n my head, jaw made fr/marlex, 22" of titanium n my neck & another 16" n my back. Whatchu gonna do when they've taken away my quality of life?
I'm sorry to hear what you have been going through. I've lived with MS (22 years) and last time I needed Vicodin for intense pain, was treated like a drug addict! When OTHERS experience ongoing chronic pain like we do, they'll get it...or they'll learn!
#NotABlackAndWhiteIssue

Melania I know u need to do this but please know they're people like me. I've had 2 knee replacements, 2 hip, 3 back surgeries. This medication merely help target my pain and allow me to function. Keep that in mind as u atempt to battle the opioid  epidemic. I'm not addicted.
Sorry that you are in pain, glad the meds help, it's possible to use opioids responsibly and in doing so, not have them laying around for others to access.
Two yrs ago I moved to Texas. I had to start all over as far as doctors was concerned. It took a while to even get an appointment. I had to do totally without anything for 2 months. The reason I know that I'm not addicted is because I used Ibuprofen but it's hard on ur kidneys
Yes, it is... I had a relative with severe chronic pain, and he ended up with kidney failure, probably due to overuse of ibuprofen.  The medicine for his neuropathic pain, gabapentin, was also not a possibility, as it, too, is very hard on the kidneys...
My doctor told me to avoid Ibuprofen at all costs. It's horrible on your kidneys.

I get
that wonderful advice. In Brazil we fight over our children against all kinds of harmful drugs is addictive
You wore it better but you're looking better naked
#DrainTheSwamp #LockThemUp #Corruption #nepotism #complicit


Fits well to #MoronTrump

Please don't make this initiative hurt our veterans! There are people legitimately prescribed pain meds and who take them correctly. Agree, very wrong to be sold on street. Heroin and fentanyl are the killers. Need to be SPECIFIC.
I agree! I've seen a few elderly friends I know who take their meds like they're supposed to and are in great pain (bone pain),their doctors are either dropping them to nothing or making it harder for them to obtain.
There has to be a way to protect our vets and elderly.
As if Melania wrote this. Move on.
Maybe Michelle Obama wrote it---
(Melania seems to like Michelle's communication skills)
I think she's underrated. She's one of the most normal people related to Trump when it comes to her public image. And I think that does add some good to Trump's PR.


Gorgeous, beautiful and intelligent first lady @FLOTUS
Legalizing medical marijuana across America would help
PLease Don't Punish Chronic Pain Patients & Veterans We Are Not Drug Addicts We Are Sick & Suffering! Stop Inhumane Treatment Due To #OPIOIDHYSTERIA Drug OD'S From Illegal Heroin & Fentanyl Not Pain Meds Taken As Prescribed Stop Bigotry Against Chronic Pain Patients @POTUS
But what about those who are in extreme pain???
Nerve entrapment?? Can’t breathe!!w/out Pain!!!!!!please help me!!!
Americans, don't forget to vote Republican so we can have common sense drug laws and border enforcement!
Love you first lady @FLOTUS, God bless you always
Why do you even bother? So far you've done the very barest minimum you could get away with.
Melania, an amazing, gorgeous, courageous First Lady! Thank you! @FLOTUS
I invite you to come India and see million of people likes you including me @FLOTUS
Thank you for fighting against things that matter!!
she doesn't do anything her staff tweeted this, shes to stuck up to tweet
I do not care who “tweeted” it, the actions are what matters. And our @FLOTUS is classier than any First Lady America has EVER seen!!
Alcohol too!!!
And cigarettes.
Right Right!! Good one!!
I thought you were going to be against cyberbullying!!! We could really use your "influence" to stop your husband (captor)!!!
Start talking about it at home mrs trump
You wore a beautiful white dress that looked absolutely lovely.  Any chance that my daughter can borrow it for her final year formal graduation, she is a size 4 (just thought I would ask & try) and see the power of social media ;).  #Australia
Happy Birthday we love you ..##free Melania.
Beautiful @FLOTUS
Thank You for everything
But you need to a aware of the other side of the "opioid crisis"
Dying patients cancer patients
pain patients are suffering 
We didn't abuse our medicine
It's the street drugs that kill
#suicideduetopain 
Please Help
Thank you for all you are doing not only for our children but all of us God Bless

Lpve ENVIRONMENT with INCOME. VILLA/RESORT with : 1. SUSTAINABLE ENERGY & EDUCATION Tourism 2. FRUIT-FLOWER-AGRYCULTURE GARDEN Tourism 3. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR FOR MULTY ACTIVITIES Tourism 4. LOCAL CULTURE & ART Tourism. @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS
Lpve ENVIRONMENT with INCOME. VILLA/RESORT with : 1. SUSTAINABLE ENERGY & EDUCATION Tourism 2. FRUIT-FLOWER-AGRYCULTURE GARDEN Tourism 3. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR FOR MULTY ACTIVITIES Tourism 4. LOCAL CULTURE & ART Tourism. @Sulmuh_Sekar @FLOTUS
Thanks, @FLOTUS and @POTUS for working for us!
While I appreciate the focus on the issue, feels like an “epidemic” rather than “drug war” because most users are white, we want to provide care over jailtime, unlike when the black community needed/needs treatment over jail with addition ....
Sorry, but this isn't anything new, so why would it help??? Of course, I'm sure your husband is trying to take credit for it, with fake news!
Typical liberal take a nice positive statement and bash it.  You are gonna have a painful 7 years!
When my MIL died I had to clean out her medication box. I was shocked by the amount of opioid meds  & morphine left. I can’t even wrap my head around the street value if it had been stolen. This needs to be managed better by patients and doctors.
Locked box would be the best.
Thanks for raising awareness

#LifeAfterLoss
#inspire #believe #lovewins
My wife Wendy's story: http://wendyullmer.blogspot.com 
Both of you are the best presidential family that we’ve ever had! Keep God involved & Bible studies in the White House!!

Look at all the trolls

I sure give you credit Melania, you just ignore them as if they weren't even there.
Isn’t it great?? She completely ignores the small minded people and continues to hold her head high, all the time doing a good job!!
Let’s take back our country !!!
Libtards. Wow that's pathetic.
They are , I agree
I think I prefer educated liberals to Trump supporters who are thick as sh*t and follow Trump despite the fact he's done nothing he said he'd do in his campaign.  The man has added billions if not trillions to the national debt. It's going to take decades to fix this disaster.
You mean like moving the embassy ? Or being tough on illegal immigration?
The greatest First Lady ever! We love you!
You truly love America! The last “lady” was only proud of America when her husband was president.
Our First Lady a touch of class.
The lazest first lady ever.
Hey, could you take bavk whatever Donald's on and then ask him some questions for the American people?
Imagine that....
http://people.com/politics/pete-souza-obama-trump-wife-birthday-gift/ … @people @BarackObama x @MichelleObama

Sad..... @EmmanuelMacron @realDonaldTrump
http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-43941146 … @BBC
How about take back trump???
The only painkillers I can take are opioids. Nothing else works or I am allergic to it
Is there a disposal at the WH for all the illegal opioid prescriptions the Candy Man wrote? Or as your owner/husband calls him Admiral Doctor.
YOU MAKE US PROUD! FLOTUS
Great idea! Beautiful and elegant Melania
Amen!!
God bless you Melania for everything that you do and you're doing such a great job
A great job doing what exactly? Sticking it out in her marriage?  Maybe.
Alcohol abuse causes more hospitalizations and deaths every year. Opioids are terrible but there are many other addictions that everyone seems to ignore.
Tell those US soldiers in #Afghanistan about #OpioidEpidemic
Good work !!

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 …
Love you FLOTUS

We love you first lady @FLOTUS
God Bless you, @FLOTUS 
Is that how Ronny Jackson gets his supply?
#MelGibson @TODAYshow @NBCUniversal @NBCTheVoice @realDonaldTrump @VP @SecondLady @NIMHgov @JanetReno @DHSgov @OIGatHHS @PPact"I have made no public comments on the many false stories from ANONYMOUS or biased sources, but..."-Matt Lauer, Reporter https://www.facebook.com/janicegscott/posts/1905108322835053 …
@TheView @TheTalkCBS @CBSNews @TheRealDaytime @abcnews @WTTGMORNINGNEWS @KCETNews @NewsChannel8SEE PIC: Typical Disclaimer(s) used to distract from the truth or the claims about the necessity of TEACHING ANIMAL BEHAVIOR PATTERNS..." #MeeToo https://www.facebook.com/janicegscott/posts/1905139672831918 …
Thank you for making this a priority @celebraterecvry Celebrate Recovery is a great place for people struggling with Opioid addiction or who are trying to deal with family member, to begin building their support team and learn to live in freedom!

Our Beautiful Flotus deeply cares for the youth of America!
#DonaldTrump loves #Poland and POLAND loves him

Melania ask President please to HELP POLAND and veto bill LAW 447 

POLAND is afraid that it will have to pay for damage caused by the Germans during WW2

POLAND suffered the most from EVERYONE
wish we could take back the last election!
Great news! Now can you please take your disgusting husband back and both of you leave the Whitehouse ? Thank you in advance 
#TakeBackDay
As a psychiatric nurse, I see this epidemic every day and we are losing a generation to this poison!
How about you start by getting rid of "Doctor"  Ronny the Candyman Jackson? He is doling out free opioids to everyone in the White House! #WTF!?
Yeah, trump didn't get his meds yesterday!
Sad...........
https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/melania-trump-trapped-in-white-house_us_5ae3dec9e4b02baed1ba6191 …
#MelaniaTrump @HuffPost
Hey @FLOTUS ...this isn't about you....it's about the child.
Seek help & a good divorce lawyer. America is concerned.

#theresistance #metoo #millennials #blacktwitter #occupy
Thank you So much Flotus for being our First Lady . You are so gracious in a world that is so vile. You give us hope for the future. For every negative thought toward you there are 3 prayers of support. We love you 
America loves your family

you should have a look at the touching Story Map "Celebrating Lost Loved Ones - National Safety Council" Its quite amazing https://losttoopioids.nsc.org/index.html 
Can we do that with your husband and his cohorts? We need to get rid of them a.s.a.p.
The problem you are not mentioning is that you are also getting rid of NEEDED medications.  There are many of us who NEED opioids to simply live a normal life.  You are making doctors decrease meds with no alternative.  Most people who need these pills for pain are not addicted.
في هذا الرابط
You are kidding yourself if you think people will turn in their Oxycontin, Percocet or other opioids.


I Love you First Lady Melania Trump. Good house cleaning song. Big Data “Dangerous.” https://youtu.be/TWPcid4l74U  I Love you @FLOTUS and God so much! Happy Sunday. .

I appreciate you maintaining composure during the downfall of our amazing country. You definitely are a strong woman! Hopefully the future will be better than what is going on right now.
Unfortunately it makes it harder on people with cancer have to travel every time they should figure that out
We support you, First Lady. All the way.
No more Pharmaceutical Cartels 
They get it on the streets

♡♡♡
Opioid epidemic is a lie my son was on pain medication for a broken collarbone that would not heal for 2 mths he never wanted to go shoot up heroin! @FLOTUS Pain medication needs supervised by pain specialist and parent.
See DEMONIC-RATS,  this is what true compassion looks like. Take notes to help that short memory of yours.
Thanks and hope you had a lovely birthday this week.
Please get DJT to pull the American delegation from the Royal Wedding bsc of Alfie Evans death. #boycottUKroyalwedding
Amen
You are right, the child will make history later, we should take special care of children.
Since your husband is too bigoted to commend James Shaw for the heroics he showed plus fund he set up to pay for funerals of all killed, perhaps you might step up and speak for your family. Surely you must have something you can say.
#ChronicPainIsReal
Great first lady @FLOTUS looking Great in the Red dress 

Lovee our first lady!


I know you meant that to be a slur, but @FLOTUS is the most beautiful woman there and draws even the swine to her side.
I'm not insulting her on twitter or anywhere. I got other things to do.  Just wanted to remain her about her very beautiful smile.
What will the trump administration due about the opioid problem. Getting rid of prescription drugs in the house won’t solve the problem!  We need something more comprehensive.
Melania Trump: "With your help and by God's grace, we will Make America Great Again" Amen
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #TakeBackDay
#nationaltakebackday  toooo easy  @PursuingWisdom @AuditoryEzio
She keeps using coded language.

We love you first lady!
@FLOTUS  #Melania Don’t Be afraid  of the revenge and spiteful hate of the Con. Hire @MichaelAvenatti to represent you! LEAVE HIM Don’t let him control you and Barron anymore.  #FLOTUS
Thank goodness
Good try you need to talk to your party they are not doing anything
Unneeded??? Do you have an idea what severe pain feels like??? Or not being able to move because of the pain?? You have no idea what you are talking about.
Kids shouldn't be in there parents medicine

Take back days do not do anything to help reduce drugs. Drugs are driven directly by prohibition. It's basic supply and demand. In 1 yr the use of heroin went down 50 percent when Portugal legalized and regulated drugs.
Opioid epidemic needs to be axed at root that means we all need to stand up against pharmaceutical and doctors who push the meds for kickbacks.  Thank you first lady for your passion for fighting against Opioid.
Merhaba @FLOTUS, nasılsın?.. Beni bilirsin, ben SADECE bir haberciyim! Bunu https://twitter.com/ceyhanmumcu/status/990203228850720769 … ya @HillaryClinton senin amına (Vagina) sokup yok edecek, yada sen onun. Üçüncü seçenek YOK. Aha buraya YAZDIM /K.İ.S M.Hz
Abdullah Gül'ün adaylık macerası şunu gösterdi: ABD artık Türkiye'de iktidarı belirleyemediği gibi muhalefeti de belirleyemiyor.
Blessings for your good works and famlies safety.
me Nadia pozvonit vampire.
Nice
Give me my credit card! I need to buy Fortnite season 4 battle pass!!! Please!!!!!
I get that people are addicted and that more stringent rules on #opioids should be in place but not at the expense of people who actually need it!! #opioidcrisis
Wonder how many deaths there will be after we can’t stand the pain anymore?DR. ASK ME HOW I WAS DOING WITHOUT THE  PAIN PATCHES TODAY?Said the President may pass this new law ,your pain pills may be next!!Almost unbearable was my reply....
Yeah good idea letting all of the bad guys know whom they can rob and where to go! Listing the places of "disposal sites" for pharmaceuticals. 
GOOD JOB

Most people flush there meds that are expired or that they don't need anymore. That's called COMMON SENSEDUHH
Would love for you to champion the research for Junior type 1 Diabetes. Much respect and love from Las Vegas
wish you could take these women back?
People are in pain; opioids help them work, & give them quality of life. No extra $$$ is put into pain management clinics, or research. Complete fail for responsible users of pain relievers & will lead to MASSIVE incidences of liver damage instead.
Hi Melania, I know you are very into health and thought you and your son might like this youtube video on The Organwiseguys https://youtu.be/QsoLJRhYXrU , Thank you and God Bless, Dr. McNamara
Mrs. Trump-could you please help my family- Bryce and Maryl Wilks bring home their adopted children from Nigeria?  Please ask President Trump to intervene with the American consulate in Lagos and issue them visas so they can bring their legal children home!!!!!!! Please
Want to know Why I Love Donald Trump? Donation $10
w/email welcome: Varela Press, POB 1445, Richmond, KY 40475
Good afternoon Mrs Trump
This is a good idea. Maybe consider legalised marujana and medication use will plummet.
can you please relay this.... please do something about the dome in the middle of the sea it is a very dangerous problem" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=autMHvj3exA … "
There is a BIG difference between addiction and dependency. Allow those who need the meds, to get them without a hassle.
Thank you for all you do
Why is your husband rawdogging porn stars
So important!
Smart woman
Did you see the accidental release of mind control http://docs.by  Washington State -fusion center to journalist Curtis Waltman? It proves Targeted Individuals awere right all along.Victims of Wonder Weapons /U.S.News World report!
I agree with you totally that we have a serious opioid problem, and the ‘take back’ idea is good. But PLEASE, there are patients that have serious diseases and procedures done. PLEASE do not forget them. They may need opioids.

awesome appeal
So proud of you for representing the United States as our First Lady. Thank you and may God bless you
I like that "mayor of Oregon " ,they can be you or you can not be them.
People have had Safe Medication disposal drop off sites for years. How is this worthy of a 1st Lady Tweet?
We would not be fighting a #FAKEopiodcrisis if parents did their jobs! Parents have brought BS into their homes & then can’t stand the smell. #DrNotDea
Please choose Breast Cancer as part of your platform. Preventing/Curing Metastatic Breast Cancer. We need a cure! If we can identify genes like the BRACA genes we should have a cure. Please help women, we need an advocate and not a month out of the year of ribbons.
Thank you.
Why Dr. Jackson give out meds like candy.  Leave the WH please.  The Trump administration is so corrupt, disgusting and disgraceful.
I agree 101% with your stance on opiods but cannot understand why Serotonin and Dopamine agonists are illegal. And happy birthday! 
Thank you and always praying and sending you strength and endurance.  Stay true to yourself and your handsome son.
Thank you for all you do @FLOTUS
Nobody will be quitting their addictions with the slob destroying our country on a daily basis.  I just upped my tranquilizer px
I bet you wish you could 'take back' your wedding day.  LOL
You’re complicit in the extermination of the disabled, vets, terminal and elderly and yes children who have chronically incurable painful conditions. We’re being tortured by denial of pain relief because of this PROPaganda. Btw, this is what a real epidemic looks liked. clueless!
Dear First Lady,
We want to visit DC 5/11-5/13 for the first time. Is there any possibility of a reduced nightly rate at Trump Hotel?
Thank you for your kind consideration. Both my husband and I are loyal supporters and I am extremely supportive of you. 
Sincerely,
Mary T.
I hope it does not affect people like myself that have to have that type of medication for health issues.
PowerPrayers 
thank you for the life saving information!  So many have no idea that most local police stations have medication drop off sites!
Please, don't sign S.447 Dear Mr. President. This is extortion. Very bad for Poland, your loyal ally. Six million Polish citizens murdered by Germans during WWII. Warsaw bombarded and flattened. This bill is an extortion attempt and against U.S. inheritance laws.
Okii
Good_Day First Lady, #IPOB, All We Seek For Is Freedom, All We Want Is #Biafra, All We Are Asking For Is, #SupportBiafraReferendum, #FreeNnamdiKanu, Save Lives,  #StopBiafraKillings By Fulani Herdsmen In #Biafra Land.        FREEDOM FOR BIAFRA
well -to-do
You are a lovely and caring person. This campaign, however, is targeting and hurting those of us with chronic pain. We do not abuse or misuse our medications but we are being punished for the misdeeds of others.
Ses une meilleure idée
Thank you for resources.
Thank you Melania for inspiring us to fight harder the Opioid crisis. The medical system is now ruled by profit and greed. Things MUST change and it begins with us. 
Be also aware of psychiatric drugs!
God will make you blessed for US people.
Melania last week I went to the pain clinic my doctor sent me to I wanted to have surgery the doctor recommended stronger pills Oxycontin and others I told him I was on the Trump train you didn't want to talk to me anymore referred me back to my doctor I laughed and walked out
Melania thank you for all you do for our country and for being such a gracious, sincere, classy, beautiful First Lady!
We need more than just the “give up” day. Education is paramount in  this fight. Opioids are a mind stealing drug. The solution must Trump the the problem otherwise we are just creating a new one.
Thank you for caring enough to share this information.
SRECAN RODJENDAN i pozdrav IZ SRBIJE !
Brian Krassenstein
@krassenstein
 21h ago
In just the last 6 months the Trump administration has separated over 700 children from their parents. 

This includes over 100 children under the age of 4.

This is disgusting & unjust. Can't Republicans put themselves in other's shoes??
I think it was 900 thousand pounds turned in today! Now, I just pray they dispose of the materials in a way that others can't find them in trash somewhere!
Thank you for all that you do.  You are a treasure to our country!!!!
What is your agenda? I thought you were going to stop bullying?
THANK.S GOD BLESS MELANIA
Thank you First Lady
