Why don’t you guys just get to work and accomplish more instead of wasting your time patting each other on the back! How many bills are in the pile waiting!
WE shouldn't be to hard on the GOP, after all I got 50 cents a week back. Which was crushed under the $4 a week more I pay for Trump's destruction of the healthcare market.
#Trump lies #GOP lies! This #GOPTaxScam mostly benefits rich campaign donors like Koch Brothers! 88% of the tax breaks benefits only the top 1%... Just wrong... #BlueWave2018

Why don't you all tell Americans how much you personally benefit?

And they can see the #GOPTaxScam clearly.
The only people experiencing positive impact are the rich.    #GOPTaxScam   #WEARENOTSTUPID
#taxtherich
They need to stop lying to their constituents.  They are counting on you being too busy working to pay attention to what they are actually doing.
Get over it and move to immigration reform. See S Court ruling!
No, thank you. If I wanted watch fiction, I would find something on @netflix.
Liar
We don't believe you. #GOPTaxScam
What is worse, Congress has bought into this lie and America voters know it is a lie! Voters will have their day at the poles!
For all of your BS propaganda on the # GOPTaxScam, the facts are that most of the benefits go to the rich!  13% of tax cut savings will go to employee benefits, 43% will go to investors in the form of stock buybacks and dividends.  Plus it adds TRILLIONS to the deficit!
You are liars and thieves
Telling big fat lies with no sense of shame. #GOPTaxScam
OMG these guys are shameless!
Bipartisan CBO says 4.6% of the benefits go to the working public. This is a massive distribution of wealth to the richest people.
Watch what happened at 0:25 in @SenateGOP's broadcast: Watch live as members of the @SenateGOP speak on the positiv…
Lol....... An average person making 60k a year is seeing less the $150.00 a month. DISGUSTING..
BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why waste time kissing each others' asses on this dribble of lies and rhetoric. Do some good and protect Mueller and hold the #CRIMINALPresident accountable. Your corrupt and evil @GOP party has lost its mind and its way. Try representing the average American for once!
What a joke. Every single one of you in the GOP should be fired. The best bet is to vote you all out!

You have failed this country and youreslves.

Sorry bunch of greedy, weak men and women.
Must be nice to live in a bubble where your healthcare and retirement are guaranteed. What has this tax break for the rich corporate world done for me? Let me give you a hint ... NOTHING!
BullShit!!!!!!
There are none
Not a + for OS citizens just managing as we are 2x taxed by #CBT & treated like criminals #FACTA & held hostage by $2,350 renunciation fee (more than monthly income). Disability benefits paid by foreign gov is "passive" income subject to US tax though not a cent US tax used.
Such bullshit. Like putting perfume on a pig. You lied to us all about who it helped etc etc etc. Now you are gaslighting us. What you see isn't real folks. Don't trust your lyin eyes. C'mon man

You are spot on. This reinforces the information I pulled together in February. This is a con job. #TrumpLies #Resist
Since the Trump tax cut went into effect, business has spent $88 billion on stock buybacks for their shareholders but only $3 billion on bonus’.  That’s 3% for workers. Nancy Pelosi is right about workers getting 'crumbs'…
Watch @SenateGOP's broadcast: Watch live as members of the @SenateGOP speak on the positive impact the #TaxCutsandJ…
#GOPTaxScam
When will Obamacare be repealed?
Your House is collapsing. Trumps campaign is on Life Support. Are you prepared to go down with the Ship ?
While the rest of Republican Senators and Congressmen run for the hills.
I especially like how they say it with a straight face.
Thanks for fucking us. Is that what you want?

Saying so does not negate the lie GOP NRA owned traitors
Why would I want to watch a bunch of career liars congratulate themselves for stealing from the poor to fatten the rich?
You expanded loopholes for corporations while limiting deductions for individuals. It's called the #GOPTaxScam and we will be firing Republicans in November.
Liars
