Will the highlights include Macron very publicly stating why @realDonaldTrump and the @GOP are dead wrong on so many issues?

Somehow I doubt it.

#Macron
What a real leader looks and sounds like
For one brief moment, our country enjoyed listening to a real President speak, but now, we are left with @realDonaldTrump yet again.   Do you think France can loan Macron to us, you know, just until we find a replacement for our broken president.
Hopefully the GOP listened to him because he's leading the world in the right direction while your greed and self satisfying agenda is costing us prestige and respect world wise.
Macron sounded very presidential!
At last a President with some brains and class comes to us. So glad he supports the climate agreement and the Iran nuclear agreement. Hopefully you asked about France's health care too. Don't you Trumpublicans feel dwarfed by people like him?
And he dissed everything trump stands for

That was different for you.

To deal with honorable leaders for a change.

He called out Trump and all his complicit #REPUGNANTCON enablers. Vive la Macron!


I think Macron is a Liberal?
President Macron brought some much needed class to the White House and Trump once again made an ass of himself.

My highlights are his defense of the Paris Accord and the Iran nuclear agreement, and his objections to tariffs. You apparently don't agree.
And he said that 45 is a disgrace to climate change and the corrupt @GOP is complicit in covering up for all the ethical violations and corrupt in his administration.
now, he’s a real leader who, by the way, stopped putin‘s interference
Macron shows what a leader should be.   Something the Russian puppet trump will never be!
French rail unions take on Macron with mass rolling strikes https://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/french-rail-unions-take-on-macron-with-mass-rolling-strikes-1.3449081#.WuD1z1_YlTQ.twitter … via @IrishTimesWorld
so the scum dems stood up for something,
I liked how the whole speech was basically anti-Trumpism.
