Because we look at our paychecks and see that it’s not working..#TaxScamBill
Stop sending our tax dollars to foreign countries! Use taxpayer monies for healthcare and Social Security raises and to close Medicare loopholes! Take care of our elderly and vets first!!
@swingleft "The #GOPTaxScam continues to be a bait and switch for everyone but the GOP's rich benefactors. We need to elect a House that works on behalf of the American people, not the Republican Party's donors."
My 401 has lost over 5 grand since your tax plan was released thanks to you bozos!  nice work.

The rich are getting richer and the middle class is disappearing.  Well done. November 6th is coming and you will be going.
Has the Slush/Hush Fund been returned to social security? Where’s the list of congress that used it? Each congressman that used it needs to pay it back. That fund was plain thievery! Show us the List!

Hell Yes. Not quite old enough to receive Social Security yet, but getting close. When you PAY for or into something, you are entitled to get it. How would you like to pay for your groceries, house, car, etc., and then be told you can't have it because it's an entitlement.
Drinking the koolaid of lies nope not believing you for one minute. Take a look at what Brownback did in Kansas created a mess now you have allowed it to go nation wide heaven help us all from the GOP feeding at the trough.
Guys, who are you kidding?  You’ve crafted a major giveaway to the top 10% in our country, as you should!  These folks, after all, support the special perks you all depend on.  It’s a tax giveaway to your major donors.

The @USCBO report projects a 1-year spike followed by a sharp drop in GDP growth, with the average being only 1.9% over the next 10 years! Way below the 3% promised by Trump-GOP, even below the average of the last 5 years. Tax cuts for the wealthy grow debt, not #jobs or wages
What are you talking about?WE THE PEOPLE know #taxreform is NOT working! #GOPTaxScam is ruining our country #Deficit

How do Republicans on the hill today feel about the Deputy National Finance Chair of the GOP being raided by the FBI?
NON-STOP PROPAGANDA!  This Tax Cut SCAM is all the GOP has really accomplished! It IS a disaster for the Middle Class! ONLY the RICH are TRULY benefitting.  But, if they just keep praising it over & over & over, eventually people will start to believe the LIE & PROPAGANDA! DON'T!
Take a vote to end this witch HUNT
With out Trump this would not be happening PROTECT THE PROSPERITY AND FIRE MUELLER TODAY
They that Worship the Bull, Lie
They will Say and do everything to prove the Lie
Don't Worship the Golden Bull & Bear they are not Real. They are a Lie.
https://sites.google.com/site/dontstopbelievingingod316/home …
Most Americans know you passed the scam because the rich paid you to do it. We are wondering why the GOP/NRA is not busy impeaching the WH monster and not investigating the cabinet swamp monsters. Blue Wave.
You don't know tax reform is working because it ISN'T It is just a scam by the corrupt @GOP to help rich people and screw the rest of our country

If Trump fires Mueller, we'll pour into the streets. 

#Resist #KingTinyHands #TrumpMustGo 
Short term fleecing of America by republicans better way
You do know we are now behind in job growth compared to the last year of our recent past administration... so I doubt the economic growth has anything to do with your tax cuts
CBO (nonpartisan) just forecasted a $1.3 trillion budget deficit over a decade thank to you Tax law. U abandoned ur Party’s battle cry of fiscal prudence! That’s a shame.
A pure Conflict of Interest on the part of DOJ-FBI Sessions-Meuller-Rosenstein, not only a disgrace but they committed a treasonous action, a distraction to the work of a president at a very crucial time for our country's security.
#GOPTaxScam is a disgrace to conservatives it is breaking the bank and the debt will ruin our economy and our future. But Super wealthy campaign donors love this plan...
I had a job before Trump.  I hope I have a job after Trump.
Sure. 3.3% with a trade war w/China? It was a moonshot to begin w/! You dreaming, GOP. #MidTerms2018 #November2020. #VoteThemOut #GOPTAXSCAM #StormySpankedTrump #MuellerIsComing











Not working for anybody other than the already wealthy. Cost of living is higher, job pay is down
How do you know #taxreform is working?

 Prin efecte !

       
my favorite part is how it explodes the deficit into record territory.

Paul Ryan's definition of fiscal responsibility?

Ryan's overhaul of America's tax code will push the national debt to nearly the same size as gross domestic product by 2028, according to…


As a result of the Trump tax cut, the CBO estimated the cumulative deficit over the next decade will be $1.6 trillion larger than previously projected. By 2028, the national debt would total 96 percent of GDP.

Stock market reacting to the manipulation of stock by backs by the dropping prices? It is not working! You are liars trying to hide the theft of trillions from americans and giving it to the rich and big corporations!

I call BS #TaxScam


If Congress actually passes other much needed and more vital legislation, they would not be relegated to trumpeting daily about the passage of the tax "reform" bill.  The entire US knows they passed it once and reminded us about it 1000 times. Get to work.
Most everyone is against ur tax bill. U passed it for the handful of super rich who bought you

1x bonus, meager raise, & temp tax cut don't make up for how much defunding medicaid/medicare 1.5TRILLION, raising deficit over a $trillion & planning to cut our SS is going to cost us. We r paying 4 the riches perm tax cuts. U  STOLE OUR RETIREMENTS & GAVE IT TO THE SUPER RICH
Think the @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP might be worried about this?


No, the GOP Congress has been road blocks and spectators!  Thanks to @realDonaldTrump - he’s doing your job!!
"Paul Ryan aims for Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security cuts in 2018"
" their plan to expand the federal deficit by $1.5 trillion through tax cuts for corporations & the wealthy. Cutting spending by these programs might be used to offset some of the cuts. "
Here's one from your buddy Sen. Ted Lieu
Dear @realDonaldTrump: You & your attorney Michael Cohen do not constitute "our country." The American people do. What the US Attorney for SDNY & the judicial branch did today was not an attack on our county. It was the vindication of the Rule of Law, which our country relies on. …
Wait there is more. Feel free to fact check this.
#BREAKING: The victims of Donald Trump’s fraudulent university will finally receive the relief they deserve. A federal court just finalized our $25M Trump University settlement. 

I need to see more specific reporting before I'm 100% convinced this is a full-on "referral" to SDNY. I could be completely wrong but such a referral seems peculiar. Of course much is peculiar these days. https://twitter.com/maggienyt/status/983513185146802176 …


Meanwhile the deficit escalates at how many hundreds a minute?
Really? This is what you tweet after @realDonaldTrump has called the execution of a search warrant an "attack on our country?" It is amazing that you cannot call out a president that shows so much disdain for the rule of law and believes he's above the law. Y'all are delusional.




"More than $8 of every $10 of wealth created last year went to the richest 1%. "
If it's working so well, why do you guys have to keep selling it?





People getting money in paychecks but 2017 taxes owed were up with some. Many did not get bonus. But many young people are paying more for childcare because of cuts! Tax Reform Bait and Switch!
"Pfizer, pocketing a big tax cut from Trump, will end investment in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's research"
Since #GOPTaxScam 
Toys R Us closes 180 stores
Sears closes 63 stores
Kmart closes 45 stores
Macy's closes 68 stores
Sam's Club closes 63 stores
BofA dings low income accounts
Kimberly Clark fires 5000
Carrier jobs still move to Mexico 
Paul Ryan gets 500K
COAL'S NOT COMING BACK
No matter what happens “you own it”, and will be held accountable!
Not to mention a HUGE hit to the deficit. Wth is wrong with you?
Republicans don’t care about the deficit when they’re in power only when the democratically are. They suck at governance and always have. This bill was about a tax cut for the wealthy and because they want to kill social security and Medicare
"only $36 billion of that total came from Berkshire’s operations. The remaining $29 billion, he explained, “was delivered to us in December when Congress rewrote the U.S. Tax Code.”'
It’s not when you are adding to the deficit with 1 trillion. Have you told the America public about what a corporate stock but back is. That is where 80% of the tax refunds are going. I guess 20% is going to everyone else. Is that what you meant to do. Not helpful to middle class
https://theintercept.com/2017/12/28/scott-pruitt-failed-banker-running-epa-superfund-program/ … "The Environmental Protection Agency has tasked a banker who was banned from the banking industry for life with oversight of the nation’s Superfund program."
Great

#taxscam
" the Congressional Budget Office releases its economic and budget outlook report showing that the deficit will be at least that high every year Donald Trump is president."
You know, my wife keeps trying to will me in to thinking she is always is right. Most men just fall into the trap, but I don’t. Kind of like you all peddling this tax reform BS.
"The search was court-authorized, meaning that a federal judge allowed it to occur without requiring any advance notice to Cohen." #itsMuellertime
Yet more lies!  Wise up and get rid of your disgrace in the white house!  Quit sucking up to spanky @realDonaldTrump! Boot his lying, cheating treasonous a$$ out! What are you waiting for? Do you enjoy seeing our great nation be destroyed by this moron? Impeach him NOW!
New Budget Estimate: Trump Tax Cuts Created Fiscal Disaster - New York Magazinehttps://apple.news/AGzTy1NppSuengYvvDC2Grw You didn’t need a Ph.D. in economics to figure this out. SAD
It rained two days ago...those damn tax cuts.
"Cohen is Trump’s virtual vault — the keeper of his secrets, from his business deals to his personal affairs — and the executor of his wishes. " #itsMuellertime
It also states that our deficit will grow at a steady pace.  Why not mention that since it is in the same report?
I know #taxreform is working because my husband received $1,000 bonus from his company;and, thanks to the @GOP Trump TaxCuts, our family has $240.00 more a month to save for an emergency, pay a bill, groceries, or plan for a family get away.

Ummmm, focus. Stop with the #GOPTaxScam and perhaps protect our Democracy and Constitution.

#Traitors 
#TrumpCrimeFamily
Um....
The federal deficit is projected by the CBO to reach unprecedented levels for a Republican administration. https://www.axios.com/cbo-gop-policies-add-to-deficit-e2869ede-d2bc-4bc2-999c-63def7998a02.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=1100 … 
The same USCBO you hid your healthcare plan from? And your first budget? And every worthless piece of law you've gotten your corrupt hands on & tried to pass?  That #USCBO ? @SenateMajLdr @JohnCornyn @tedcruz danced in hell to keep their bills out of CBO hands.
The nazis in charge are hiding the murder of about 15 million children, disabled, vets, elderly and poor by stealing money from Social Security and Medicare.

Your party is a big joke at this point
How do I know #TaxReform is working? It’s not, you clowns! NOBODY I know has benefited from your #TaxScam 
Closer to 2% And projects over 2 trillion in debt . Liars.
Deficits and Inflation will consume that tiny growth number.  @realDonaldTrump is not the #DealWizard you thought he was.
I call bullshit, my family have not seen any tax cut benefit the @GOP lied #bullshit
And just how do numbers really show that? It's all about perception, and Americans do not perceive a benefit.
Economic growth in 2018 will surge to 3.3 percent in real terms, but will slump down below 2 percent by 2020, according to updated Congressional Budget Office (CBO) projections released Monday.
Tariffs... AKA ... Tax on Trump base.   Just saying,
Did you read the part about the EXPLODING deficit??? Are y’all high?
in the FIRST quarter. Let's get that right. Obama hist 3% or better, even 3.9 .....in QUARTERS at least 8 times. Wait till those tariffs hit full force. You'll be lucky to hit 1% AND you're on target to cost us OVER A TRILLION....bite me @GOP
Impeach Trump you fools or lose.
Economic growth for the super-wealthy, but a terrible jobs report for the rest of us. #gopfail

Former US Attorney Preet Bharara says the FBI raids of Michael Cohen's office and hotel room were done by officials who were all "handpicked" by President Trump https://cnn.it/2qm4JiD  
Not talking about the tariff war, or the raid on spankys personal lawyer?
took bad the tax scam YOU passed has our debt in the trillions.
economic growth for businesses and absolutely no wealth trickling down for the people who actually did the work and created the growth.
REALLY? The CBO also stated that the tax cuts were going to force our deficit into the TRILLIONS! But go ahead and focus on the crumbs you gave to the rest of us.

