In 2015, 80% of households hit w/ the #IndividualMandate tax made less than $50,000 a year. We repealed this disproportionate penalty to help our low-income families. #TaxDay

You know these don't change anyone's taxes until next year, right? It seems like you're confused

I really feel the benefits in that you decided to use #CBT instead of #RBT to hurt citizens living overseas on average incomes. Only other country that practices this is Eritrea - great country for human rights just like the US has become.
Oh lets not forget the wonderful #FACTA that continues to make sure US citizens abroad are being denied financial services and have to report every cent they have to the IRS. Renounce? If you have the $2,350 just to start the process. Shame on all of you!

You mean rich people.
Yes my friend in NL really felt the "benefit" when her disabled son was charged US tax on the disability assistance the NL gov provides with no contribution from US. Yes, $4k is fair to penalise americans living abroad especially disabled ones!
Why haven't I felt it?
We will remember the vote, when the GOP was partying and laughing, making sure they, DT, their donors, lobbyists and cabinet ensured their own wealth.
Tax cuts not tax reform,  as promised, that your newest grandchild and the next generation will have to pay for.  Thanks.
I had to pay $16k to the fed. gov. this year.  I felt it alright.
"nearly all Americans" is a weak statement. Sure doesn't help seniors, and there are a lot of seniors. Dammit, do something honorable for once.
How can you and Paulie and Mitchie keep a straight face as you spout the BS... tax break for the corporations and the rich.....deficit to skyrocket and you idiots have no idea except to try and gut social security and Medicare
Time to give up Capito, quit touting the tax scam, America is seeing who the tax cuts was really for. Stay off media with your lies embarrassing yourself.
Surely you mean the *lack* of results.
Get a brain C-U-N-T

Our suggestion: slash federal spending
to make #taxday less painful for Americans.
ABSOLUTELY! The stock buybacks are making shareholders & Corps ecstatic! SO EXCITED. If you are a shareholder, that is. Just a heads up, GOP; trickle down doesn’t work.






Completely out of touch @HouseGOP/ @SenateGOP will get their asses kicked in November. Good thing they're able to point to how they've cut spending... WHOOPS- they DIDN'T!
Hahahahahah she is such an asshole.  Sitting on her money piles telling theboeasants they should be grateful for the crumbs she tosses their way.
And that feeling? One of being fucking pissed at being shafted.
#GOPTaxScam
I paid three thousand MORE this year, you fraud #taxscam
#WeThePeople, across this great nation, are feeling betrayed by a #FailedCongress who conspired with the #PussyGrabberInChief to authorize the #LootingOfAmerica...
We will be taking corrective measures in November; dust off your resume...
We are seeing it to, in the form of rising debt! Thank you GOP!
I just feel the pain from a corrupt government!
Not true. Had to pay thousands   Thanks @GOP
Why not discuss protecting Mueller and tell us what the corrupt and evil @GOP is doing about the #CRIMINALPresident? We already know that your tax scam only benefits the rich at the expense of the average American. I'm sick and tired of your lies, rhetoric, and downright bullshit
Would you look at that. Your base has more sense than the GOP in power does. The deregulation of banks coupled with your tax cuts for the rich will cause a financial melt down. Even Bloomberg predicted it could happen in a couple of years.
Yep...
And not always in a good way, dear.
My taxes will increase so stop lying about the #GOPTaxScam
As a GOPer myself, I’ll tell you the same thing I tell my own @senrobportman: your tax cuts for the rich and repeal of the individual mandate we’re huge mistakes. Both of them (plus your reckless debt spending) will doom our economy. #Sad
I can not believe how stupid you think we are! Shame on Shelley!
We are feeling anger that 83% of the benefit is going to the top 1%. We are feeling frustrated that we told you corporations would use the money for stock buybacks, not on employees, and you didn’t listen. We are feeling motivated to vote everybody who supported this out.
@SenCapito
