The facts... middle class families that do benefit will have their cuts expire, unlike the changes that we see for corporations.  Our safety net will be attacked as GOP tries to fix the deficit they created by giving their rich donors huge cuts.
@SenateGOP  Did Bob corker really say voting for the tax bill was one of the worst votes he's ever made? Hes been out of the real world for far too long  Thank God hes retiring don't need somebody like that in the senate. Tax bill was one of the most pro American things ever done
@realDonaldTrump
Heres a fn fact ..Paul Ryan gets $79,000 a year plus benefits at age 50 .. and wants to cut my Social Security ...go to hell ...

Whoa boy - Phil Mudd weighs in on Hannity's show last night: 

"You got that dirt bag telling me that one of the most…
I did not get a bonus, I did not get a raise (appears my employer thought that temporary crumb I got was sufficient).  And my TEMPORARY crumb ... it's getting chewed up by rising fees from companies that got a PERMANENT TAX BREAK.  Trickle down NEVER works unless MANDATORY.
Yes! Remember those peanuts we are now receiving! Just can’t wait until end of year to find out we have to give them back but good job GOP!
Yes, we shall begin to feel the increased $1.3 trillion debt that the middle class and poor will pay for.
Yeah, I know I’m screwed.
Give #GOPTaxScam a rest, #Gaslighters. Today revealed that #BigPharma plowed most of its massive savings into itself - no jobs, no bogus bonuses- just like many, many big corps. Those w/ least got least, & only temp., & services cut. & you blew up deficit. 
I know one big change is the annual deficit skyrocketing back over $1 Trillion a year. Great job @GOP funneling all the money to corporations and billionaires. The average person doesn’t even notice a difference.
Has anyone figured the cost in money of what we spend by not having a completely secured southern border?
We know all we need to know.    It was a massive tax cut for the rich and now you want us to pay for it with out Medicaid, Medicare, and Social Security.   #GOPTaxBillScam
Yeah ... right! 
Spin spin spin spin spin spin spin spin spin spin. Can you actually face questions instead of bringing up @NancyPelosi and @HillaryClinton. I’m dizzy. Stipthespin
Nope. Accountant warned us to "be careful" cuz out middle class taxes are going up. https://bit.ly/2qqR3Ux  #GOPTaxScam
GOP ask us if we want to learn more about the significant changes in their tax plan. Yes, please. Do tell.
Yea, can't wait to pay more taxes while your 1% pay less.  NOT looking forward to that!  Thanks for nothing!
I will get at most 5% more than I previously got, all while y’all strip my friends and family of the programs they need to survive in this wage stagnant nation to pay for it #shoveit #TaxScam
What will our grandchildren think of the debt passed on to them? @FoxNews
Bu
another RACIST unqualified candidate by the #GOP #wendyvitter
WATCH: During her confirmation hearing this morning (yes, this morning – in 2018), judicial nominee Wendy Vitter refused to say whether she agreed with the result in Brown v. Board of Education. #UnfitToJudge 
Remember that the consequences of that Republican TAX SCAM will be seen later too. A deficit of $1.5 trillion.

Tough week eh. Why is the head of your #taxscam walking away a loser? #taxrevolt
#GOPTaxScam saddling us with trillions in debt to pay for massive tax cuts for billionaires


Really want to learn more? Check out this:
Should the president (who bragged he was smart for not paying taxes) finally release his tax returns?
Most Americans know you passed the scam because the rich paid you to do it. Why is the GOP/NRA not busy impeaching the WH monster and not investigating the cabinet swamp monsters. Blue Wave.
Don't forget to thank your children and grandchildren! #TaxCuts
Weirdest thing - I didn't submit my taxes on a postcard.
