Your party has cheerfully shredded all kinds of Senate traditions. Just ask Merrick Garland.
He chooses people who have no knowledge  or experience of the position or they are corrupt- or all of the above.
Trump’s ‘picker’ is broken.
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
Seriously?
Deserves them if the nominees are competent, unbiased and honest, yes.
If not, nominate someone who is.

Pompeo has ties to extremist hate groups. GOP knows that & so does the American people. GOP stop insulting our intelligence.
his or her 'qualified' picks.
Then why wouldn't you give Merrick Garland a hearing? Hmmm? 
HYPOCRITES
The picks for each position should be thought out by their qualifications not because you know their brother or because of pay backs

NO people should not Simply get their picks they need to pick well & vet their background this is one reason  we have the senate
Checks & balances
They should be properly vetted.    And kissing Trumps ass us not vetting.
Exactly so why did the GOP/AHP not respect Obama SCOTUS nomination and have proper timing vote? Right, it was called screwing over the American ppl, the constitution and our democratic way of life. Vote all GOP/AHP out 2018 2020 2022.
Fair  enough but nobody foresaw a president nominating pyromaniacs to head the Department of Not Burning Shit to the Ground etc.
Stop.   Garland was not confirmed so you don’t get to use those words.   Lead by example and pick somebody who can pass the checks and balances in place for Americans
Who in America - until this administration - ever expected an Administration to make a point of appointing agency heads with a history of standing directly in opposition to those agencies' specific purpose to improve #America & the conditions under which #Citizens exist?
Usually presidents pick people with credentials and who want to support our country.  DT picks are unqualified people who want to destroy our institutions and the country.
WOW! Why didn't we hear this when Obama was President?
Your fault Mitch. Payback for #MerrickGarland.
Only if they TRUELY care about this country we don't need another dummy
You repulicons.  How many picks of Obama did you block.  You are nothing but hypocrites that blocked Obama's appointments and his judicial nominees.  You let the Supreme Court go without a justice for over a year because of your partisan hatred of anything Obama so spare me!
Get off your butt's, go Nuke,, get it done. If half our Government won't work then push them aside and get it done anyway. As an American Citizen  I say Get It Done.
Tell that to the Senate GOP when they blocked Obama’s pick for Supreme Court! #stopcrying
Oh I don't know! How about getting donny to vet qualified people for a change not just those who will do his bidding? Just a thought!
As long as they are qualified !!!
The American people deserve competent cabinet members.  Failure to include business with the Chinese on a SF-86 should be an automatic disqualification.  That goes for Jared too.  #ResignMcConnell
What pipe is Sen Schumer smoking, He is not hurting a certain party but, hurting Americans that need those agencies.
Who in America wouldn’t expect the president to vet his nominees before submitting their names to Congress for confirmation?!!
Lol PragerU is strait up propaganda
Not when he picks Flynn, Price, Pruitt, DeVos, Rick Perry, Rex Tillerson and now Ronny Jackson. When the President demonstrates historically awful and unprecedented poor judgment the Senate must up their game do their job and vet the people cannot and does not!
Um no, we don’t need a fucking Warhawk as our chief diplomat
IF THEY ARE QUALIFIED.
Exactly! So confirm ALL of Pres.Trump’s nominees, many of who have been waiting a yr. @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump 

Are our senate republicans so ignorant or self-served to not review their pics? There was a time when republicans had ethics and respect.
MERRICK GARLAND!
Donald Trump and the Republicans,  thats who.

That is assuming they are qualified.Duh!
He will be confirmed, but not without the Democrats gaslighting their base on social media, and make it look like they are standing up to him. Then all the further-left websites like slate and huffpo will demonize Pompeo until the minute after the confirmation vote.


I disagree.


ME for one!!!  The president gets to choose who he/she nominates, that however does not entitle them to an automatic rubber stamp approval by Congress.  The branches are separate for a reason.  Schumer was wrong then, and YOU are wrong now trying to invoke the same reasoning.
I DON'T THINK SO. IF THEY'RE NOT QUALIFIED THEY SHOULDN'T BE IN THOSE POSITIONS
Trump is a terrible picker. He deserves nothing but get the fuk out or jail.
That was per Garland. All bets are off now. Thank Mitch.
The American People are fed up with this whole system. Its broken. We have little to zero power in DC. 1 Million ppl have signed the Convention of States petition and it is steamrolling. Tick tock. FIX IT! Before we do.
The moment the government begins interference with economic companies for personal gain is the moment the government has failed it's people.
3 branches of government for advice and concent.  CORRUPT MORONS SHOULD NOT BE PUT IN A POSITION.  DAMN CORRUPT #gop @SenateMajLdr @PRyan
Don't believe me. Go to Southern Poverty Law Center's site & type Pompeo's name in the search. I found this in less than 30 seconds.
NO.  A President can only have their picks for who run's the agencies if they pick qualified candidates.  And that includes:  Ability to understand the job, Ability to lead people, No conflict of interest, the interest of the Country as the top priority and not being a criminal.
Ok but this was before any slimeball could be appointed. Have some standards! Do your jobs!
The Party of No: New Details on the GOP Plot to Obstruct Obama https://wp.me/pmaPt-jQq  via @TIMEPolitics
just schedule the votes for late at night, then the Dems will vote.
Two words:  Merrick Garland
NO2POMPEO=LIFELONG DEMOCRATIC WHOLLY MILITARY FAMILY of 7 VOTERS IMPLEADS SENATE 2 VOTE NO 2 POMPEO @GOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr = Our Dad CIA Lifer Knows Pompeo Torturer-In-Chief+Waterboards+HumanRtsViolator+WAR HAWK NO INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS-POMPEO IS NO DIPLOMAT 2 ANY POV. 
QUALIFIED picks
When the Republicans become criminals, they do not deserve to get their way. You allowed Trump to put criminals who steal from Americans in charge of agencies.  Shame on you.
A little different circumstances
