And $21 trillion of national debt!
Didn’t obama say he was going to pay that off his first term?
Perhaps according to fake facts, which is the lifeblood of your party. Here are some real ones:
Oh that’s right he said he paid off half the debt my mistake
And how close did he get while simultaneously fending off a financial crisis? How does that compare with his successor's promise-to-performance ratio in the wake of sustained economic recovery?
He should thank his Republican controlled congress for any success he enjoyed as President.
If you circulate fake news, it's no surprise to see you subscribe to fake reasoning.
Oh, wait, can people actually see it now? Has it grown from uninterruptible to barely there?
Liars @GOP, @realDonaldTrump liars! Your #GOPTaxScam gave a 14% tax cut to corporations saving them hundreds of millions to pay their CEOs tens of millions. Meanwhile working American families get a 2% tax cut worth less than $2,500/yr. Look at the real numbers:
In the corrupt & unfair world of GOP & Trump a CEO is paid $4,000 - $7,000/hr (yes, $7,000 an hour ) while working Americans struggle to make ends meet on $8-$10/hr! @realDonaldTrump gave his own corporations a 14% tax cut but brags about the 2% tax cut 'crumbs' for 95% of us!
Median income per person is $26k with a household income of $50k not enough but clearly not the numbers you’re giving.  Why would you quote minimum wage/entry level work?
Bash, there are many families who SURVIVE on $50K/year. There are those who barely survive on even less. Give me a bracket and I'll give you different numbers. The numbers I gave were just one of many examples!
I have neither higher wages (paycheck exactly the same!) and was informed by tax preparer I can expect to pay, and should plan for, more in taxes next year. I am a social worker. Guess I am not considered the middle/working class????
My taxes went down and I’m making more.  You must be doing it wrong #winning
Time is coming to clean your houses out ! #bluewave
Meh start with your own house.  #Pelosisucks #maxinewaterssucks #chucksucks
Correction: New TAX SCAM.
Pfft what have democrats done for us since the horrible Obamacare fiasco.  Democrats are only focused on issues that destroy the traditional family unit, guns and limiting any speech that affects their agenda so why would I vote for a democrat?
Yep. 
GOP OUT!
Democrats in.

TRUMP’S TAX CUTS DIDN’T BENEFIT U.S. WORKERS, MADE RICH COMPANIES RICHER, ANALYSIS FINDS


You are going to push it till the very end aren't you. Your entire party is in the dog house right now because of this asinine stupidity you call tax reform, and you are still pushing it.
This is a lie!
You know what would be really nice y'all wanted to go back into the past? Security. Job security. It used to be nobody was really threatened with losing their jobs unless it was something really bad. Plus they had a decent wage on top of it. Plus Healthcare. It was very nice.
i just had my taxes prepared and was told with te new tax law we would be paying atleast 2000.00 more with the same income. Wha tis the GOP talking about sounds like lies and misrepresentation
Lol. Yeah right. Eat a bag of dicks. https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2018/04/11/gop-balanced-budget-amendment-shred-medicare-social-security-column/497678002/ … #BlueWave2018
Great job with tax cuts Republicans but am glad so many of you cowards are running 1/2 way through the year. You can't wait til after the Mid terms Cowards. But With NEW ENTHUSIATIC REPUBLICANS AMERICA WILL HAVE OUR GREAT PRESIDENT'S BACK. THINGS ALL GOOD WILL BE EASIER ATTAINED.
Thieving Liars
https://twitter.com/IndivisibleOH8/status/985186098807738369 …
#TrumpTaxScam
"An average 34 percent of income from the economic activity driven by the tax cuts is flowing out of the country, and in 2028, that number will increase to 80 percent." http://www.newsweek.com/republican-tax-plan-donald-trump-cbo-884129?amp=1&__twitter_impression=true …

That's nice, but what are you doing to stop gun violence and Russian interference in the United States democracy?
Real wages / job growth have slowed since the tax cut, stock market is down, only a fraction of the cuts make its way to the middle class, less than 5% of companies issued ONE TIME bonuses, and corporations are buying back shares of their own stock at a record pace. #GOPTaxScam

“This great nation can tolerate a president who makes mistakes,” declared Senator Orrin Hatch, the Utah Republican. “But it cannot tolerate one who makes a mistake and then breaks the law to cover it up.” O.H. 1999
Another thing this nation cannot tolerate: cowardly hypocrites.
It will be repealed.
We shld have also hard healthcare reform & Daca/Immigration reform rather than a barely passed tax cut bill, if we had better LEADERSHIP in Congress & Senate so don't pat yourself on the back too much b/c you STILL FAILED #WeThePeople
Short term for your voters long term for pockets
#TaxScamBill   The only ones to benefit are your donors.  The deficit if HUGE!  @SenateGOP you are no longer conservative.
Liars! The majority of the American public are smarter than you think. They know that over 80% of tax cuts go to your billionaire corporate donors. Trump may get away with such lies to his base, but not the GOP: Greedy Old-boy-club Politicians.
Definitely out with the old, come November!
It's highly disingenuous that GOP is pushing the budget-busting tax bill.  
82% of the benefits are enjoyed by the top 10%.  That leaves 18% of the benefits split among 90% of the population.
Do the math & you will see your demise...

"Wage growth well short of what was promised from tax reform" http://hill.cm/GZnh22w  

Best thing you can do is get rid of McConnell! DITCH MITCH! 
Do some SPRING CLEANING that involves getting the “good ole boy big spender establishment” out and replaced w/ real Conservatives who will protect our Right, our borders, our Natl Security & our Values! 
How in GODS name did trump drop bombs without approval from our government????
Oh, I misread this initially. I thought you were referring to out with the old, white haired old guys in the GOO & in with new blood. My bad. That will be fall cleaning.
Please express stronger support for President Trump.
The real “spring cleaning” will occur in November when the vast majority of ineffective and corrupt republicans are voted out of office. We hope you’ve enjoyed your time in DC because a blue wave is coming for you. #BlueWave2018
Liars
#GOPTaxScam is making the rich even richer! 88% of the new tax breaks go to the top 1%...
Out with the Republicans in with those that put their constituents and the Country first.
It will be Fall cleaning for the Democrats after the November elections.  Sending all of you 'bought off' Republicans home to work for your lobbyist friends.
#RepublicanShitShow
Spring cleaning! Get rid of the #GOPcultureofcorruption #GOPComplicit legistlators. Your #GOPTaxscam was just an excuse to funnel money to the rich (which, BTW, they don't need), and throw a bone to the poor. And increases the deficit.
Your #GOPTaxBillScam is bankrupting our country. #shameonyou
Really
And we’ll do our own spring cleaning come November. Out with the old,
In with the new.
Look, I love the new code!  Saves me $20k but you need a PR pushing this until the elections! The sheep are not getting it!
Gave huge windfall to corporates, their shareholders and of course, CEOs who make on average $15 million per year.
Like this?
it definitely is time for spring cleaning...going to wait and power wash in the fall
Hard to be a blue wave from your safe room but what do I know
apparently absolutely nothing but thanks for playing, bozo
Time to flush this load of crap down the toilet.
You mean "Make the Wealthy Great Again", don't you?  I got no gain or benefit from your tax plan or anything else so far, quick get the Democrats back.
Complete and utter BS.

This is a #GOPTaxScam 

Nice try though.
You forgot:

Trillion's of dollars in debt

Guts Social Security for the poor

Guts Medicare and Medicaid for the sick, poor and Grandma

#TaxScam on #Taxday
Why do you need this if Tax Cuts are so good for us?
You go on ahead. I’m waiting until fall. November is looking good for that old out/in new thing. #BlueWave #TrumpGOPColluded
CLEAN OUT OUR WHITE HOUSE
Out with the old politicians who have old ideas and in with the new, with fresher ideas. Yeah that sounds good!!
Translation: we gave the rich a huge tax cut and now we will cut your Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, SNAP, and any other programs we can find to pay for it.
So misleading. Always half truths to brainwash the Useful Idiots. Those corp tax cuts are reason American corps are bringing their jobs back to US from abroad. We're now competitive! Apple REPATRIATING billions of dollars as a direct result.
lmao at anyone who thinks jobs are actually being brought back to America. Brainwashing at it's worst. Easy when you don't have much for brains.
Ha I thought u were shockingly talking about yourselves....THE SWAMP
You say this as you try to strip collective bargaining rights!! You strip consumer protections!! You deny basic rights!! You poison the environment!! Shame on you!!
So far, it's just been a big boon to huge corporations--as planned.
More bullshit from the GOP trying to make us believe their permanent tax cuts for the rich were actually for us when we are the ones getting stuck with paying back the 1.4 Trillion deficit.
Seasonal/small businesses can create thousands of American jobs with help from the H2b program. It’s a program that allows seasonal businesses to legally hire workers from other countries that do the jobs many many Americans do not want to do. Fishing/landscape/hotels etc#SaveH2b
One of the best benefits we’ll be getting is a $1.3 TRILLION debt. Yay! Thanks to Paul Ryan and all of his hard work. Great benefits!
My guess is that @SenateGOP doesn’t even know that we attacked Syria last night.    They are completely and hopelessly out of touch with reality.
GOP Propaganda that they know is not true.
If y’all don’t get behind the President, none of you are going to be in office, so delete this account
Now work 24/7 until @POTUS personnel all approved, pass term limits for Congress, fund wall, pass law that you only get same benefits as all Americans #TermLimits
#GOPTaxScam saddles us with trillions in debt to pay for massive tax cuts for billionaires.  No one is fooled.
Your tax cuts for corporations are not being used on product development or job production for you to say this is totally untrue. And any short term bonuses or deductions 4 the middle class gradually go away so I call this tax plan a redistribution to the rich!
Are you kidding? We now have more jobs than skilled applicants to fill them ( thank you horrible public school system)!Good fulltime jobs, not the pathetic Parttime jobs, during Obama. Manufacturing is at highest level since recession! Housing market is back! Chrysler leaving Mex
No. No it does none of what u say. Its a fucking scam for the wealthy and corporations.

Let’s start spring cleaning by ridding the WH of the filth that’s in there now!
It's a trillion dollars scam and we all know it.
