You funny  you boss  even  no income tax  how that works
Warning: IT'S COMING!
No, what is coming is people like you going to get wiped out come November!

Be proud GOP you spent 1.5 trillion to give corporations and people with tons of money tax cuts, and gave old people ZERO
It is hard to imagine that a once-great party chooses to double down on the lie that so-called Tax Reform had anything to do with regular Americans. You have saddled the nation with debt, in order to transfer wealth to the already wealthy. Shameful! @SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer
LOLOLOL! You mean it was written with today's 1% in mind.
Hard working middle class Americans without dependents will not get any relief. My accountant admitted that only the very wealthy or those with lots of kids will benefit when they file next year. #TaxScam
Tax day for the rich while the average Americans get the bill
I don’t know why you keep trying to sell your stupid tax scam to everyone. If it really was good, why do you keep talking about it and why do I keep seeing mostly negative comments on your twitter page?
Seriously???
The real #Republican #taxcuts are for corporations and overpaid executives. You know, the 1%.

#workers need a fair playing field so they can take personal responsibility for their own lives. This is a #DemocraticPrinciple we can vote for.
Lies! It was written with big businesses and corporations in mind. Stop peeing on our legs and telling us it’s rain!
Guess now that I'm 68 years old I better have some kids so I can get some semblance of a tax cut. Unlike the millions of $ the corrupt @GOP gave to the top 1% rich
Trump-GOP tax cuts took away the personal exemption, weakened the index for inflation, and sunsets individual tax cuts. But worst is the low flat corporate tax rate, which reduces the incentive to raise wages (tax deductible), encourages consolidation, and buys political control
So you can rob us again. How about you stop stealing from us and get real jobs! You people don't deserve our money or trust! Lier's thiefs, are what you dimwits are!
You’re bad people,@gop. And you know it.
Loaves for the richest 1%, while hard-working Americans aren't grateful for the crumbs.
Shit, I might take in an illegal for that kind of money.
Did you morons ever have a thought that the tax break, along with forthcoming changes to medicare/ss, will make paupers of the senior citizens of this nation? Doing its best to put us in an early grave, republicans will be sure to rid America of the last of the middle class.
One might even say that there was a “death panel” over it?

Get rid of Obama Care
NON-STOP PROPAGANDA & LIES! Don't believe a word of it. Their CONSTANT plugging & cheer-leading should tell you how much of a Middle Class FAILURE this SCAM truly is. Truth is the RECORD STOCK BUY-BACKS that is currently taking place with the BIG co's that rec. tax cuts! TRUTH!
What about us CHILDLESS  People who DONATE LOTS of Money to non-profits Caring 4 CHILDREN

What have you done for Us??  NOTHING!!!
#RINO
@POTUS FU you tried to end health care 62 times and the credit  child care  $2,000  will be paid back as  taxes drastically go up and your  debt  costs us 33 trillion in 10 years.  You will answer one day here, on the street or on your  golf courses. You are con artists.

@iamjohnoliver tells who really benefits. BTW it's corporations to buy back stock and pay dividends
#FAIRtax
Not working - we dont believe you. Why? I just ran my numbers for 2018 tax year. I lost some deductions...$6k of them to be exact. Turds.
A day to also remember the resulting orgy of debt.
Over a Trillion added to the debt voted on by all the Republicans, now you know they lie as no Democrat holds power to add Trillion to the debt only the Fake fiscal conservatives#
YOU SHOULD HANG YOUR CORRUPT HEADS IN SHAME. I HAVE BEEN READING THE LEGIT TWEETS COMING IN AS RESPONSE TO YOUR SCAM, WHY AREN'T YOU LISTENING? The only positive tweets are the ones YOU PAID FOR!!!!
<cough> You mean the top 1% families.
And you are silent on “Our president must embody respect and adhere to the values that are at the core of this country,” said Mr. Comey.
Republicans propaganda

Republican Congressmen Tells The Truth About The Tax Bill: It’s “Corporate,” Not For The “Middle-Class” https://www.washingtonliberty.com/?p=1276  @ (via @washliberty)
Finally I found one rich person using his tax cut for a good purpose - getting rid of corrupt @GOP.

"#TaxCutsandJobsAct was written with today's families in mind."  Sure, the average Top 1% family, of course!
HEY! WOMEN! Do you know that women are dying due to @SenateDems losses? What these Left-Wing #NutJobs would not say nor do to get your vote! 
IDIOTS
Too Funny..
All lies!! Our family made four thousand more in 2017 and is paying four times as much in taxes! TAX SCAM bill sucks!

You should be especially proud that this #FailedCongress blatant attack on our economy has helped mobilize the #AmericanVoter as never before.  #WeThePeople don't like when servants go against our wishes; we'll be making some changes come November.  Dust off your resumes...
And it repeals personal exemptions, so a couple will be paying income tax on an additional $8100 right off the bat...then there is repeal of SALT, cap on property income tax,  etc. All equates to INCREASE in taxes in 2019. Conveniently, AFTER, the midterm elections.
I don’t understand why you constantly rub the fact that you gave the richest 1% massive tax breaks in to the faces of the 99% who you will now screw by taking their Medicaid, Medicare, and Social Security to pay for the money you gave the rich.   WE ARE NOT STUPID.  #GOPTaxScam

#TaxScam
What nonsense. You did nothing to reform taxes, temp cuts and trillions of dollars of debt for our children and crushing healthcare costs. Time to remove @SenateGOP #VoteBlue
No it wasn’t. Stop lying. You gave tax cuts to the rich and corporations, to now whine about the fact that the “only reason” we have a trillion dollar deficit is because of the social programs that have cut poverty rates in the U.S.
#ByeFelicia 
Show us 45's tax returns!
The Walton, Adelson, Mercer, Koch and Trump families appreciate your support.
Most of the money is going to buyback and foreigners who own stocks....
Reving up your base with falsehoods!
Double the child tax credit big deal. Not everyone can use that.
Can you really be proud of it? 

Why don't we ask all the @GOP that are exiting so quickly while the deficit balloons out of control and you gut Medicare, social security, and Medicaid again.
Cutting Medicaid! Giving each state bk the to take care of poor ppl ! Before Obamacare. Medicard in Tn was called Tenncare. Obamacare gov control, making ppl purchase health insurance or get fines. Which those fines go bk into the pockets of Gov.
Your so proud that next year I’ll be paying more.
@HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump 

Correction:

It was written for our donors & ourselves at the expense of the American people.
