They really can do a lot with that three bucks a week...I wonder what your rich ass donors did with their cut? Bentleys, ski chalets, sail boats, vacation....

We just wanted healthcare but that was too expensive. #GOPTaxScam #SHAME #GREED #HYPOCRITE
80% of the tax help goes to the wealthiest 1% and corporations, but the rest of us (and our kids) will pay the cost. #GOPTaxScam
You've been misinformed and are being played for a fool by liberal liers.
Feel free to respond factually.  Are you saying the wealthy didn't get most of the tax help?
I'm saying the tax cuts help the rich very little but they help the middle class a lot.

Beside, why shouldn't the rich get to keep more of their money, do you feel you have some entitlement to it?
Where do you get your information?  Most of the tax help went to the very wealthy and large corporations.
The corporate tax cuts are being passed on to workers in the form of raises, bonuses, and jobs.

The individual tax cuts will give average families $1000 plus. That's extremely helpful.
Only 45 of the Fortune 500 companies gave bonuses to workers.  Most of the companies used the tax help for stock buybacks which help wealthy investors.  Most people won't see $1000 in help.  If you get $100 and millionaire gets $100,000 what's the average? Misleading stat.
https://www.newsmax.com/politics/us-companies-donald-trump-tax-bonuses/2018/01/26/id/839720/ …

Many more since this report. You try to deceive when only looking at fortune 500 companies, nice try.

I will not discuss any more with you because you try to use dishonest tactics and twist facts. Good day.
Oh cut the squit!
You're proud of the tax breaks your 1% cronies are receiving, whilst screwing the 99% up the ole wahzoo!

You are fooling no one.
Now for real facts, the majority of americans will see an insignificant tax break amounting to a few hundred dollars a year or less. While your wealthy friends and corps reap millions and billions in savings. Whose the primary beneficiary again?
And the Dems hate it
You will hate it too when they cut your SS and Medicare to cover the deficit it creates.
Did you know...99% of Americans received no tax cut at all?  Time to STOP the lies!  
Just think how proud America would be if you #KeepYourPromises: #FullRepeal #StopSpending #A1P #SeparationOfPowers #PowerOfThePurse @housebudgetGOP @SenateMajLdr @McConnellPress @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @congbillposey @RepThomasMassie @SenMikeLee @CPInst @Heritage_Action #Obamacare
Social engineering by giving ppl their money back so they produce more tax paying ppl is a GREAT plan thx!

Ha, ha, ha!  This is the funniest thing you have tweeted this month.   Well, it would be if it didn't show how Senate Republicans can be clueless and frigging insulting at the same time.
Oh please!

You're not proud.  Everyone knows you drink yourself to sleep every night and avoid the sight of mirrors.

I'm guessing you didn't have a wide choice of internships.
This #TaxScam and Trump will be your demise in November.
Everyday same old lies.
You mean you are proud of THIS? #TaxCutsandJobsAct
The "reformed" system:
--> Dollar = less due to skyrocketing federal deficit from the heavty tax cuts to the rich
--> Former students struggle to make ends meet due to taking away tax deductions of student interest payments
--> Increased taxes in a few years of low income ppl

Windfalls to the top 1%  
$500,000.00 kickback for Paul Ryan  
Scamming hard-working families across America …
you have robbed the next generation of working class Americans to enrich the wealthy. Greed and corruption.
Did you know that all of the money goes to the wealthy and that individual tax breaks are temporary?
Budget deficit for March was 300 billion dollars!!!
Did you know that hardworking parents are still struggling to make ends meet while the richest 1% are reaping the benefits of your tax plan?
Did an elementary student make this because his/her teacher would ask where is your underlying data to support your premise? None. You get an F again. Guys. It is 6 months. This is NOT working. If the product were so wonderful, why would u need to remind us every moment.
They will still struggle you morons.
Are you honestly trying to convince us that the #GOPTaxScam relieves the struggles of the poor and middle class to provide for their families.   YOU try to raise a family on 35k per year.    Maybe then you’d stop giving massive tax cuts to the rich and work harder for the poor.
Tax credits don't put food on the table
Did YOU know that no matter how many times you tell us the same lie it still won’t be true?
















Thieves and Liars.
Republicans are the epitome of incompetence, inefficiency and fiscal irresponsibility. Who was who started a war that this country is still fighting, on lies and fake information?
Parents are still struggling because almost all of the tax breaks went to the rich.
How do you people manage to lie to yourselves and your constituents with a straight face?

Wow, I see a TON of ‘likes’ on this comment. Must be 1/3 of GOP in congress who hit the  button.
2000 per kid sounds good . I have 4 so 8000 next year can’t wait  thank you Senator!!!
Proud?
Like irresponsible parents  buying gifts with no means or plans to pay for them, worse, borrowing the money w/o knowing interest rate
Did you know: Families are making a paltry $8 more now, while corporations and the super rich get to keep billions?
Yep.  No parents struggling to make ends meet in America in 2018!  Great work, guys!  The banks are happy with their nearly $4 billion, too !!!

Deport illegals and give those savings to our police officers. They deserve better technology, equipment and vehicles. Stop the war on cops. Mandate harsher punishments for anyone killing cops. End it now. Too many lives have been lost. The AFT and NEA push socialism.
Economy strong why aren’t corporations and wealthy paying their fair share.  By 2020 GOP and trump will run a trillion dollar deficits. That means GOP and trump overspend a trillion each year. More lies to hardworking Americans
GOP and trump so proud of historic deficits passed for 1% and corporations who already have tons of moneno tax reform passed only tax cuts for people who have tons of money So sad for hardworking Americans
A Republican lie laid bare. The #TaxScam revealed:
- Anti-abortion law stating that conception is life
- Defund Obamacare
- Allow churches to make political endorsements
- Cut $400 billion from Medicare
- Private jet tax break
- Adds $1 trillion to the deficit
And yet Labor Participation Rate remains at an all time high and Weekly First Time Unemployment Claims remain all time low. 
And this is:
“Adds $1T to the deficit”, that’s projected over 10 years. O added $12.5T over only 8 years.
Since #GOPTaxScam 
Toys R Us closes 180 stores
Sears closes 63 stores
Kmart closes 45 stores
Macy's closes 68 stores
Sam's Club closes 63 stores
BofA zaps low income accounts
Kimberly Clark fires 5000
Carrier jobs still move to Mexico 
Paul Ryan gets 500K
COAL'S NOT COMING BACK
Huge increase in deficit.  Selling America out.  Continual lies aimed at the ignorant and uninformed.  Only your donors got a break.  Individual tax cuts temporary but corporate tax permanent.  #GOPTaxBillScam
What about all the people without children? You know the ones who have too make the difference... Reforming the system to a flat or fair tax is the only real way to reform taxes..
Lol that’s funny, because my roommate got a new job with later hours and not much more pay if any. She immediately lost vouchers for after school care for her child. Oh and now dhs is keeping some of the the measly child support payments that she didn’t want in the first place.


These are the criminal charges that have been forwarded to AG Jeff Sessions desk.
Light up the DoJ switchboard & tell AG Sessions to uphold the rule of law!
The Dept may be contacted by phone at the following:
Dept Line: 202-353-1555
DFJ 202-514-2000
TTY/ASCII/TDD: 800-877-8339
https://m.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=125466191571055&id=100023230254124 …
NOT TRUE! The old way was fine for the 99%. NOW IT IS ONLY FOR THE 1% & CORPS. The rest of us ARE NOT BENEFITING!!! READ YOUR FUCKING POSTS!!!
Hmmmmm oh you mean like CEO’s are experiencing this you are just crazy out of touch
No wonder the liberals want to stop it. It actually benefits Americans not illegals. Republicans need to smarten up. There is a civil war in USA between extremists and you're letting left win.
Trump-GOP #TaxReform also cut the personal exemption, weakened inflation protection, and gave bigger tax cuts to business owners than workers, even on the same income. Worst of all, huge corporate tax cuts promote consolidation, benefit foreign investors, buy political control

What about all those House bills sent to you?  Come on get to work and get passed.
We have never seen the GOP support families, but we see your support of your party's owners daily. So glad we, the people, will oust you all 11/6. Time for a Congress that works for the people.
Nope it won’t and hasn’t.
Are you proud, really? Because did you know?

GOP system is robbing taxpayers of their retirement.

GOP system is putting our nation in debt.
You continue to spew the lies that this “tax cut” is for the middle class. They still struggle to make ends meet, live at or below the poverty line with higher cost of living than past generations. Yet they STILL vote for the GOP. You really have robbed them blind.
Wow, it's good to know parents no longer struggle to make ends meet!
No one in the middle class or working poor will be able to afford #healthcare with the peanuts you offer as a #TaxCredit. And who will shoulder the burden of the national debt? The middle class. Meanwhile you have your healthcare and your pension paid for by us. #VoteThemOut
That's good cause the COST of daycare is going up as well as food, clothing, gas, and pretty much everything eles. But we can bring our infant to work now. Like taking care of a child isn't a full time job.
Make sure you have the facts, so you can plan accordingly.  (You notice the GOP isn't giving you any details.)
Senate repubs, get off ur a$$e$ and confirm the Prezs nominees.
Ouch!  Your tax cuts are our struggles!
Average Americans are still struggling to make ends meet while the evil and corrupt @GOP passed a tax scam to benefit the rich and the rich only.
 Generations of children saddled by debts so rich people and corporations could be given even more grotesque amounts of money
I'm guessing you aren't reading the replies to your tweets because you'll see that the American people do not believe you.
The Senate Republicans must have studied Donald Trumps book? Here I thought maybe Republicans would influence our president but just the opposite, Trump is their ring master.
Yes. Thank you. I’m a middle class House Painter. Extra $75 a week. Millionaire, Nancy Pelosi doesn’t want to $hare.
Democrats win  these families lose



Make the #TaxCuts permanent. @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Yeah that xtra $20 made all the difference.   Start looking for new jobs

...and it's that "arrogant pride" you take such joy in celebrating the fact you are compolicit with the #FauxPOTUS in not only allowing, but authorizing the ongoing Corporate #LootingOfAmerica that is a step too far...
#WeThePeople w/be taking corrective measures in November...
Most people**

My attorney got arrested and is going to flip.
#BlueWave2018
Get a clue crazy... jesus...
