While I don't Advocate turning a blind eye to a leader killing their own people. Can you name one instance in the Middle East and which toppling the leadership has resulted in a stable Democratic state which hasn't required round-the-clock military intervention?
If Donald Trump wants to expand American military involvement in Syria's civil war, he must seek approval from Congress – and provide a comprehensive strategy with clear goals and a plan to achieve them. DO YOUR JOB!
When will you listen to our allies in regard to Donald Trump tariffs, ignoring Russian interference, NATO?

You don't get to deny Syrian children admission to the US, then start a war on behalf of the children.
Yea. Makes lots of sense to bomb Syria for bombing Syria.
Erm, wasn’t the senate supposed to be informed and permission requested?

https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/985140308349353986 …
Where is Congressional approval for this "sustained" military effort?
No sir, they telegraphed the movement. Go big or go home. Now we’ve kicked a bees nest.

I do not disagree with WH on #SyriaStrike, but @ussenate needs to take action on this. No concrete statement, no details, no plans. Nothing! Complete lack of leadership skills. Do your job! You are supposed to be an equal branch of government.
Great job, will help to deter further use of these types of weapons.  John, I read some of the tweets sent to about this.  I hope you don't read them, alot of negative hate type and don't believe they reflect majority.   Have a great weeken, sure hope your in DC and not home.
Care to address Trump acting without authorization from Congress?
It's time that Congress is the authority for acts of war as clearly defined in the constitution. Remember that? The document Republicans (and especially this POTUS) are trashing. Nov. 6. We will MAGA.
But he should have gotten Congressional approval first.
Why can’t those kids come to the US for safety?
I'm sure you'd be condemning this if it was a democratic president.  You're really good at that.
Too bad we are no longer helping the Syria people by accepting them into the country.  NOT criminals !
It is absolutely delightful to know that yet another Senator has found his or her voice.  Now, instead of taking credit for someone else's behavior, how about speaking out on the crisis in this country posed by poor Senate oversight of Russian election interference?
But you are complicit in trumpworld
Amen!!
I'm sick and tired of the @GOP offering prayers for everything. When are you morons actually going to do something to protect our Constitution? Do your damn jobs. Obviously prayers don't work. I pray every day that all of you resign and give us back our democracy and country
If this administration truly cared for the Syrians, it would offer them refuge rather than banning and harassing them.
cant fight with our MIND  anymore   ...
GOP doesn’t give a sht about Syria. Just a distraction
Even the perception that Trump may have done this to deflect attention away from his scandals, damages the United States of America worldwide. Very poor judgement on your part, sir, for failing to hold President Trump to the Constitutional rule of law.


Everyone knew ahead of time. This looks like a 'symbolic military action' to prop up Trump's image.

I’m just relieved that at least one Senator knew it happened.   Maybe he will inform the rest of them.
Lies and show that’s it
Though that the message that Trump sent was last year and that this time things would be taken seriously. Guess not.
Now it’s time for the Republican Party to Act.  If @realDonaldTrump is the best You can do #sad #mafiadon #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
You Push Polution and Cantamination of Americans while Protecting Muslims...Duh?

President should of got Congress approval first. This was not situation that warranted him acting alone today. Today this, tomorrow who without Congress approval.  We have three branches for a reason!
And for the #journalists who are covering this story and this #ADMINISTRATION
really, thoughts and prayer. Uhg.  Are any of your family members in harms way???
Asad was not held accountable, he is still alive along with his commanders.
Trump voters are not pro war. No more wars. I’ll start voting for Bernie.
It looks like a fake attack, noone has been killed by it so far! Assad looks more stronger! And Syrian people are still suffering... It's just for media not to help people.
#WagTheDog
But don’t let any Syrian refugees in our country? A little hypocritical.
With congressional approval?
You need to pull your head out of Donny's ass and go to the Senate floor demanding the Senate authorize these acts of war on a souvergn Nation.
Since when you give a shit about people?  It's to distract from tRUMP the KGB funded Confederate problems.  Putin will hit back my friend.  HERE IS WHY:  Your Fake President is weak.
Congress was not consulted, trump violated the constitution & u applaud him. U are unfit.
Since President Trump needs congresional attoritiy to declaier war perhaps You and Ryan and Mcconnell can lead to getting this to a vote.
Bombing the Syrian people to save the Syrian people, and I'm sure it was all done in accordance to the guidance listed in the US Constitution, that each and everyone of you members of congress and the president have sworn to uphold, right? Want to save 'our men & women'?-no wars.
Kind of a no brainer. What took so long?
Do you honestly think Trump is stable enough to be in charge? Frightening if you ask me.
Well the UK and France don’t have a problem with it... but I’m sure with all your experience and knowledge you know more then their leaders and militaries
Protect Mueller and ROSENSTEIN
Republicans trying to get voted out?!
Would you have agreed with the action if it had President Clinton ordering strikes without Congressional approval?
FORMER president Clinton ordered engagement in Kosovo despite the House voting against taking action.... Why TF bring up Clinton anyway?
Seems you all missed a step.
Use a tweet from nearly 5 years ago... no situation EVER has changed over the course of 5 years right?
Trump wagged the dog bigly.
The Syrian people need our prayers 1000x more.
Oh, yippee.  More warm, cuddly "thoughts-n-prayers" from the GOP.  This time, it's because their very own Toddler-in-a-Necktie released a weapon of mass distraction.  Cool, John.  Prayers are almost as good as shrapnel-proof flesh.  Almost.
If prayers actually worked why not use them instead of missiles?
Just petting the wagging dog, eh, Thune?
2020!
Please don't pretend to care about the Syrian people and the atrocities they've experienced for years now. You sat on your hands and refused to act when Assad first started killing his own people. We see this for what it is.  #WagTheDog
So did anyone else do anything to stop it? Like someone from the Democratic Party? Anyone at all?? Like you yourself for instance? Or do you just sit with your hands on a keyboard telling Republicans how you “see it for what it is”? What exactly is it?

Use a tweet from nearly 5 years ago because situations never change 5 years later... this isn’t Obama’s run when literally nothing positive was accomplished in 8 despite his campaign promise of “change”
So we are bombing a country to punish them for bombing their own country? ........ read that sloooooooowly.
So barrel bombs are ok just don't use chemical weapons

Why doesn't Russia just sink those ships that launched the missiles?
What happened to #AmericaFirst ?
