How proud are you all today? President of the United States calls tyrant who uses anti-aircraft guns and flamethrowers to execute political opponents “very honorable.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — Trump says #NorthKorea wants meeting 'as soon as possible,' praises Kim Jong Un as 'very open' and 'very honorable'
And let’s ask @SenJohnMcCain how honorable they are.
 Lied about his service in the Gulf War
 Politicized the CIA
 Unethical - wife as a "volunteer" at CIA with office and full staff
This is not what a qualified Secretary of State looks like!
 Lied about serving in the Gulf War
Just no.  You want someone who makes anti-LBGTQ comments, who does not support American's "other" religious community rights, and isn't trusted to get a vote out of Committee, let alone in full confirmation hearing.   There is a better way, submit a better candidate.
and he failed to disclose the Chinese business connection on the questionnaire And he never served in the Gulf War, must have been those pesky bone spurs, I'm sure there's more out there that he is hiding
YOU FORGOT TO MENTION THAT HE WAS A GULF WAR VETERAN!!!!! POMPEO HAS SHOWN HIS BIAS TOWARD MUSLIMS AND OTHER PEOPLE, OPENLY I MAY ADD AND WE WANT TO TRUST HIM IN HANDLING ISSUES FAIRLY???@realDonaldTrump
He lied about being. Gulf war vet...
Oh good! You're not lying about him serving in the Gulf War any more. I'm not great at math but it seems to be like 500k lies minus 1 that you've amended. Good job!
Nominated by this guy? No.. -->   When has Trump been accused of rape or attempted rape? Allegations include a child, his wife and a business associate http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-rape-sexual-assault-minor-wife-business-victims-roy-moore-713531 … #RejecPonpeo #TuesdayThoughts
Pompeo is an Islamophobic.  “When the most devastating terrorist attacks on America in the last 20 years come overwhelmingly from people of a single faith, and are performed in the name of that faith, a special obligation falls on those that are the leaders of that faith.”
Noooooooooo. His moral compass is pointer towards another demension.
Liar about his service, user of Wikileaks on his congressional Twitter
Lied about serving his country.
partisan political hack
All of trumpys nominations have an underlying reason AND not good ones. All meant to undermine the U.S.! So kiss off!  What a joke!
Really?  Which of those "qualifications" prepares an individual for not only and endgame of diplomacy, but to prepare & set in motion an entire diplomatic game plan?  Any at all?
But lied about being a gulf war vet!!!
I don't see a thing about diplomacy. You don't think that's necessary?
No one cares. Not one of you has even put your boss to the task. Not a single condolence to the 4 young ppl of color who were murdered in cold blood days ago. Have some humanity. That is why your party does not represent my country. THIS IS THE USA!
That would be fine if he was invited to play "Risk". However, his well documented anti-Muslim stances demonstrate his complete lack of diplomatic acumen which disqualifies him. Of course, this makes him a perfect addition to the 45 kakistocracy.
Sure, let’s put another liar in the WH.
#Lies about Military Service
Says terrible things about Muslims and gays
Not so fast, maybe you and everyone should read this...
Nominated by Spanky? No Thanks. #RejectPompeo #TuesdayThoughts
Stolen Valor....he lied about his service to OUR country. Typical GOP bullshit. Your party has became a disgrace to OUR country.
Nominated by this guy? Please. -->   Stormy Daniels says Trump told her 'you remind me of my daughter' after she spanked him with a magazine https://read.bi/2I3XBik  via @businessinsider
It Turns Out Mike Pompeo Never Served in the Gulf War http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/04/it-turns-out-mike-pompeo-never-served-in-the-gulf-war.html?utm_source=tw&utm_medium=s3&utm_campaign=sharebutton-t … via @intelligencer
Take a look in the mirror.
That is what corruption looks like!
#OwnIt
You might be able to get confirmation through if you got rid of #FireMcConnell who is slow walking and obstructing all of the #MAGA agenda.
He did it his entire career. Remember? There was @Scotus nominee named Merrick Garland who he would not even have the decency to allow to have a hearing. Oh. And what exactly is MAGA again?
And he’s Hawkish. We don’t need another one in this bungled administration.
Um no, Secretary of StAte should be a diplomat not a warrior.

You don’t make the cleric the tank and you don’t make the barbarian the healer
#explainingforgamers
No ,it isn't, he could have triple the qualifications, and still be wrong for a diplomatic position.  Major disservice to Americans, that's You. He has NO INDEPENDENT THOUGHT RE DIPLOMACY, FROM THIS PRESIDENT. A YES MAN TO TRUMP.
Never!
POMPEO WILL BE A GREAT SEC. OF STATE. THE BEST EVER!

During a 2015 overseas trip, White House physician Ronny Jackson drunkenly banged on the hotel room door of a female employee, sources say https://cnn.it/2Jp7lEq  
His lies about deployment doesn't bother y'all? I guess not. @realDonaldTrump is POTUS.
No decent human being would accept an appointment from criminal in chief treasonous pervert Trump
Okay, if you say so... however, this also sounds like a great candidate for PNAC's 7 Nations in 5 Years and all... I mean, really who can trust ANYONE from the CIA?


One reason it's a mistake, he is a zealous, evangelical Christian.
Nah. Time to vote out all the liars/promise breakers/ overspenders/ debt creator Republicans in the Senate (AND the @HouseGOP)  F-ck #Pompeo
Just another #gop #yesman #spineless
Confirm him !!!
Idiot
I wish Cadet Bone Spurs had those credentials!
Yeah but if his idology is wack all that doesn’t matter. All subterfuge be aware of a  wolf in sheep‘s clothing!
And a war monger.
You forgot racist, islamaphobe, homophobe With no diplomatic experience. Do I need to go on?
Racist. Homophobe. Sorry but you need to find someone without these particular qualifications.
And liar. Let’s not forget he claimed war zone experience on his resume. But let’s not worry about pesky little things like facts shall we... #AlternativeFactsAreNotFacts
This is what complacency and corruption look like when you’re party loyalists with no real love of country.
Pompeo is against anyone who does not follow “traditional” relationships between a man and a woman, lied about being a Gulf War Veteran and this is the man you want as Secretary of State!  @SenateDems this confirmation needs to be stopped!
Judge (fully qualified SCOTUS JUSTICE) Garland. Ring any bells for you???
Nominated by this guy? Please. -->   Humiliating: Leaked Tapes catch Trump bizarrely posing has own spokesperson https://www.msnbc.com/the-beat-with-ari-melber/watch/humiliating-leaked-tapes-catch-trump-posing-as-own-spokesperson-1215968835932 … via @msnbc
#MerrickGarland  So @SenateGOP can shove this bull!
Stolen Valor
No
And don't forget to add Liar and bigot.
Lied about serving in the military.
