And what about this?
Crooks
Ask Me. Zuckerberg about @DiamondandSilk  -- why were they "unsafe" to the community? Two women with intelligent views.
Ask what is the definition of fake news to him?
Treasonous Trump is guilty of:

Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion,Obstruction of Justice, Collusion,
We need regulations bill that protect Americans from Mr.Zuckerberg....that is what is being made VERY clear today! This will become part of the upcoming elections if not done for the benefit of Americans free speech & privacy protection regardless of who owns a company! 
   

      
But not under oath. Shocking
So why are those he gave money to and those who donated to him and FB allowed to question him and make a honest determination of his role in the Facebook scandal? Sounds like another Hillary Comey moment! 
"Imagine if Barack Obama's lawyer's office was raided after he was discovered trying to pay off a porn star after being accused of sexual assault by17 women after paying off a $25m fraud suit after 3 of campaign staff were indicted after he accepted help to rig an election after"
Crooks
Hey Senate Republicans
I dumped FB on November 9th 2016, should I be worried? And when will Congress get Real protecting us since corrupt POTUS can’t or won’t?
1) Please confront #Facebook on giving to Obama campaign in 2012 our private information!  This isn't only about Cambridge Analytica.  2) Confront #Zuckerberg about his CURRENT censorship/deleting of conservative news/profiles/groups !! #tcot #TrumpTrain
SCREW YOU ALL. ..WILL NOT VOTE FOR ANY OF YOU. 
YOU HAVE NOT BACKED PRESIDENT TRUMP ON ANYTHING. .HOPE THE DEMOCRATS WIN ALL OF THE SENATE!
You spineless, corrupt group of cowards!!!
Just jail that cocky bastard. He is nothing but a thief.
Will this be covered?
Facebook: "This is their information. They own it"
BBC: "And you won’t sell it?"
FB: "No! Of course not."…
What time will SUKATURD be Speaking?                 #MAGA
Not under oath ,so why watch him ?
