Now we'll get to use the NEW, UNFAIR, broken, CORRUPT CODE! YAY!! it screws everyone but the 1%! Hooray!!!
And soon you will be obsolete too!
Happy #TaxDay to the members of Congress who voted to give themselves a six figure tax cut via the #GOPTaxScam's new pass-through rules. Their personal wealth may benefit, but we can still make them pay the price electorally this November.   …
Thanks for all the BS

“If you’re a  lobbyist who never gave us money, I didn’t talk to you. If you’re a  lobbyist who gave us money, I might talk to you.” ~MICK MULVANEY~
Ok now we add your name to those we vote out when Americans realize the damage you have done!

And don't worry about the massive increased spending. Your grandchildren will pay for it.
how you gonna pay for it?? Taxscam!!    Paul Ryan is quitting (hiding) before this chicken comes home to roost.  Where you going to hide?
Now we get to use a new updated but still broken tax code,  thanks for nothing Johnny.
Talk to us next April....we'll see.
While your busy touting the new tax plan, remember to remind folks the debt level that goes along with it and a guarantee the great grandkids will still be paying it off. You old wealthy white guys...get a break. Republicans can't lead and just can't ever get it right.
And that tax code made by both parties fleecing the nation for there donors both parties at fault here both parties stop working for the voters both parties destroying America
Where is the post card that republicans said that I would use next year?
What part of the new tax plan did you help the President with
Still broke.
Can we end the old outdated laws & cannabis prohibition? 
Only cannabis is a natural supplement for a malfunctioning endocannabinoid system.

Corker: Any GOP senator who doesn't have concerns about Trump is either comatose or blind http://hill.cm/GZx1Vlo  
Fortunately for the very wealthy! Unfortunately for the the majority of the middle class South Dakotans you represent.
I hear you’re already wanting to amends this tax bill.   Are you going to add a feature where the poor can just direct deposit their paychecks into the accounts of the rich?    #GOPTaxScam    #WEARENOTSTUPID
And we'll start using postcards, right? Don't make Paul Ryan a liar!
It's also the last year #WeThePeople will have to tolerate and arrogant & #FailedCongress who places #CorporateInterests above those of #VotingAmericans...
Y'all have done a Helluva job alienating the people you represent...
What happened to all your deficit concerns?
Why do 90% of the 'savings' go to the top 1%?  Hell, the richest 1% elite already OWN HALF OF ALL WEALTH IN AMERICA!

Think about that.

Republican tax giveaway will give the elites EVEN MORE!..
Actually #GOP did NOT reform the tax code. it was just a tax cut for the rich. This is a scam on the public
How lucky for the rich people in this country. 
#GOPTaxScam
Hahahahaha!! That’s funny. Thanks for taking away many deductions. In a couple years the dumbasses that voted for you will figure out your #TaxScam
I'm thinking about the OLD, outdated, broken tax code that most of us suffered under for many, many years.  It took a man like Trump to introduce and push for it while the the politicians did zilch, nada, and nothing.....
Safe to say the GOP has proven they don't care about us so before you all start making claims let's see how this new tax break for the wealthiest plays out for those of us who are not rich.
Hey phony. We'll be able to use a postcard to file next year right?
Just wait for it #GOPTaxScamBill
The country will be so broke after this tax scam that only the very wealthy will have any money at all. Buy backs, outsourcing, layoffs. This is your tax scam..
Why do you keep trolling us? We all know it's a scam.
Unfortunately for SD, we have 2 more years of Thune.
2020!
Sure about that??
Oh, no, I guess that I'm not.
Thanks for questioning something that I JUST posted and making me reconsider it.
That was a fun little skit. Bull crap, but fun.
Unfortunately for most Americans like myself, it will be the last year they get a return. 
What about the CBO report the federal budget deficit will be at least $1,000,000,000,000 every year Trump is POS. #GOPTaxScam
Obama’s AVERAGE budget deficit for 8 years was $1T plus another $4.5T in Quantitative Easing and STILL couldn’t crack 3% annual GDP growth.
#LyinJohn #TaxScamday
https://money.usnews.com/money/personal-finance/taxes/articles/2018-02-09/10-tax-deductions-that-will-disappear-next-year … Also we know you didn't read it.
we're all gonna be dead by next year anyway, good point Senator ty for servicing so many people
What a bunch of bs. Protect Mueller and Rosenstine @SenJohnThune
