And where is Trump???
If you knew how to read! He didn't show up to the funeral because of ppl like spoil liberals children. Liberals & their children have no moral. Privileged, Spoil,College & High School Children would have protested and ruin a religionists funeral.
He didn't show up because he wanted to play with his balls.
You tube this! Google, FB, Twitter. See how Russia and other countries used Ads in both parties to divide us.
I have already read it and have been saying it since 2015.
Den: Why is the DNC suing Trump, Russia, Wikileaks, when there is a Mueller investigation? Mueller can't find anything with Trump! They need your VOTES. So they will Lie,Cheat,Steal, get you to hate, ruin ppl  careers, to get bk into power. They don't bleed Red. They bleed GREEN.
Nobody knows what Mueller has found but there seems to be a lot of criminal activity within the administration. Just let the investigation conclude or are you scared that there may me something there? If he's as innocent as he claims I don't understand why the freakout.
Den. Mueller busted Tony and John Podesta. This is how he found out about Manafort & Gates. This happen way before Trump decided to run for President. Liberal Website
I'm watching Obama talk to Melania, his wife seems displeased . She hates white women , especially attractive white women . Tosca , you're Beautiful and smart . You would be on her hit list
 Michelle isn’t happy...at all, is she?
Reminds me when her husband couldn't keep his eyes off the previous first Lady of France she was beautiful
The French First Lady. The look on Michelle’s face... priceless.
You would think she would try just a little to hide it .
Maybe she is and this is her best face. Later on, it will be fire and fury at the Obama’s.

How miserable is Melania?

Chorus: “How miserable is she?”…
If you knew how to read! He didn't show up to the funeral because of ppl like spoil liberal children. Liberal's & their children have no moral. Privileged, Spoil,College Children would have protested and ruin a religionists funeral.
No kidding.
Coming Home. Coming Home. Nevermore to roam. Open up your arms of love. Lord I'm coming Home.
All the bushes is crazy may she rest in peace I hope you all get back the money that your stove from people but I know that's not going to happen
It's disrespectful, POTUS didn't attend Frm First Lady Barbara Bush's funeral today!Instead out golfing and sending daily bully tweets!
Presidency of US held by Regan,Bush, Carter,Clinton&Obama able to put political differences aside 4 human kindness.Proud of US Dignitaries!
Bush Sr killed her after the sex allegations on Mr Sr
You guys are beyond ridiculous with your reporting , first Flynn was supposed to flip on Trump, now you people are desperate "Cohen is gonna flip on Trump" narrative just looks desperate give it a break until it happens all you are reporting is speculation and look dumb doing it
https://m.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=125466191571055&id=100023230254124 …
https://qanonposts.com/ ?




Our hearts go out to a woman who, during her helm while watching over America as First Lady, could aptly be described as "The Matriarch Of Her People". And she certainly WAS. RIP, dear beloved Barbara Bush....RIP.....
The great former First Lady was a fine Christian women who lived the values taught in the Holy Bible.  A great example for all to follow. God received another Angel into his heavenly realm.
Well we know this a lie the greatest first lady was Michelle Obama and still is now the bushes is nothing but murderers liars and thieves
Jeb gave a very nice speech.
After years of savaging and lying about Obama, the Coward @realDonaldTrump couldn’t face him so he hid behind his wife’s skirt and sent Melania to the Bush funeral while he played golf in Florida. Bullies like Trump can never face the people they attack.
Whoever is making political jabs on this post needs to shut it. Respect the funeral.
Lovely
And where’s Fat Donnie? The most respectful, honest, caring evangelical family man to ever walk the earth? Oh, he’s golfing... I’ll bet that antichrist bastard Obama is doing something worse? Oh... at least he has the respect to show up...
God bless Barbara Bush, May she Rest In Peace.
What a Beautiful Ceremony for a Remarkable women who experienced a Blessed Life indeed. 

  RIP -Former First Lady
Mrs. Barbara Bush 

At least Melania was there smiling and having a good time with President Obama 
Shame on the dotard for not going.  That a disgrace to this country. Donald is an Un-American coward. #barrontrump #BarbaraBush #BarbaraBushFuneral @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP @FLOTUS #TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
I’m guessing he couldn’t stand the pressure being around actual decent human beings. Or he wanted to just play golf. Idk
Was watching until I saw Shepard Smith. He just ruined everything. turned it off
Texas and our entire Nation are reflecting on the life and the accomplishments of Mrs. Barbara Bush today. God Bless and keep her near for evermore.

It's nice to see your wife @MELANIATRUMP genuinely smile for a change.

https://twitter.com/ARTISTstacy/status/987731848167014400 …

…
She never looks happier then when she is with someone else

It's nice to see your wife @MELANIATRUMP genuinely smile for a change.

https://twitter.com/ARTISTstacy/status/987731848167014400 …

…
Hope Shep is not used for Harry and Meghan’s wedding please send Martha or Harris
Was a beautiful service.
Where is Trump? Imagine if Obama let Michelle go alone and went golfing...
If you knew how to read! He didn't show up to the funeral because of ppl like spoil liberals children. Liberals & their children have no moral. Privileged, Spoil,College & High School Children would have protested and ruin a religionists funeral.

.@FLOTUS is quite pretty when she looks happy.  It’s a shame that she so seldom looks happy.

@BarackObama…

.@FLOTUS is quite pretty when she looks happy.  It’s a shame that she so seldom looks happy.

@BarackObama…
It has been a beautiful tribute to a wonderful lady.  We should all be so lucky to be adored & admired by so many.
Aaaaand the president is golfing again instead of attending the funeral of an American icon.
In this case I thinks it’s for the best he didn’t go
Man I miss President Obama

Bs
Thank you Fox News for airing the funeral of Barbara Bush that allows us to pay our respect for this wonderful woman.
Beautiful that the Clinton’s and the Obama’s are there. Perhaps Melania can learn a few lessons here. Grateful that the lying, adulterous Trump is not there
@BillClinton whispered to @BarackObama.  He probably said "would you switch seats with me, I am between these two hags" @FLOTUS was next to @BarackObama
A beautiful tribute for a remarkable life.
CROOKED Hillary and CHEATING Bill had the nerve to show there faces!
Shame on you
LOOK, she can SMILE!!!! @FLOTUS  @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 

I bet Barbara would have some choice words for her grand daughter with the plunging dress!
I see Putin gave his blessing for you to cover it.
Everyone is trying to watch the Manchester United game! Can y’all turn this the hell off please
Where is trump?!
MELANIA, THE MOST QUIET, MOST INTELLIGIENT, MOST BEAUTIFUL, MOST LOVED FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES;););)
HEINS SIGHTS 20/20, MR. PRESIDENT BUSH;)
Bot. Three followers
What a magnificent house of worship.
JESUS WAS SAYING, ON HIS LAST DAY HE SAVES!!, BY BELIEVING IN HIM YOULL HAVE EVERLASTING LIFE ON YOUR/MY LAST DAY!!
God bless her.
Can't see the Donald? Ah yes... golf
I'm so glad everyone KNOWS why POTUS isn't there. Shut up already.
You should be outraged that a POTUS, whoever he is, is not paying personally his respects to such a figure of American life. And yet, you belittle me? How dare you?
Yea, YEA, yea
Plunging neckline and short skirt.  Guess she came straight from the club to the funeral.  Seriously, learn how to dress appropriately for the occasion.
WHOS SHE;)
Watching now. It's a tear 
jerker.
MALACHI CH. 4 VS.ALL;)
While our incompetent "leader" golfs at his resort. What a total embarrassment
RIP Barbara Bush. We love you and always will...
RIP
She and her family voted Hillary
And your point is...?
Lots of people. Guesd who’s not there?  DJT. Where is he?   at Mira Lago while plotting with his crooked buddies how to defame the fbi and stay out of prison.
First Lady there. Obama didn’t attend Nancy Regan funeral so what’s your problem
So Obama now is your role model?  I am sure you criticized him for not having attended.
May you Rest In Peace.
Your president can't show respect for anyone. Let alone a former first lady and a former president of the United States. What a loser @realDonaldTrump is. SAD!


Bad enough @realDonaldTrump not attend due to his own actions and behavior.  One would think that Trump could restrain himself and respect this time. Be conscious of funeral. Not golf or go on tweeter rants.  But too much to ask, right? Sad! #BarbaraBushFuneral
It's funny you mentioned that. Obama never attended Nancy Reagans funeral he was at a festival.
He actually had something else planned prior to the death of Nancy.https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/obama-nancy-reagans-funeral/ …  Trump is just playing golf again...
Actually, it's not tradition for a sitting president to attend funerals of former First Ladies. But by all means, don't let past practices get in the way of your want to complain about Trump.
Don’t want to hear or watch Shepherd Smith!! 
Why ask him to cover the funeral!?! A great majority of Fox News followers are not fond of Shepherd Smith!!! Someone else could have covered the funeral.... someone who is actually liked by your own viewers!!
R.I.P. Barbara Bush
Amen. Shep is probably Talking through the entire broadcast
I turned to C-SPAN
God bless!
Where is the casket?
Everybody keep an eye on the front row in case #HillaryClinton goes up in smoke!!
You need serious help
Where is the moron @realDonaldTrump ?

Can we please watch the service without the pontificating of the self-absorbed broadcasters?
Stay away Donald.

Its a shame we cannot watch the funeral of one of our beloved First Lady's because Fox thinks the Hated Shepard Smith is the one to commentate it! Why not a woman with a like for conservatives?
Because Barbara would not like for her funeral to be politicized
I didn't want her son to try and avenge his daddy's stupidity but he did it anyway
Rest in peace. If she has influence in heaven maybe she use it to reign in George, his kids, and his friends the Obamas.
Unfortunately, I don't think George will be around much longer without his Bar.  RIP, kind lady!
She was a handsome woman, just like Peggy...
Yea, and verily!
ROMANS CH 1 VS.3???
REV. CH.1 VS.2
all are welcomed in this place
She is resting in peace as she has met Jesus face to face. It just don't get better than that. God bless you all.
THANKS BUT LET THE DEAD BURY THEIR DEAD!
What's POTUS doing today? Oh yeah... that's right. He wasn't invited.
Get a grip
FACT CHECK: Was Donald Trump 'Ordered' to Stay Away from Barbara Bush's Funeral?
Even Obama missed the funeral for former #FLOTUS #NancyReagan
If you say so:
Former President @BarackObama at the funeral for Barbara Bush. https://fxn.ws/2HOYs7E  

Per pool, Trump has arrived at Trump International Golf Club in FL.

This is Trump’s 109th day at a Trump golf club as president.

It is unusual for 4 former Presidents to be together: 2 are family, but Bill Clinton and Barack Obama and their wives are at the funeral out of affection and respect for the Bushes. Melania Trump, sitting next to President Obama, representing her husband
