I’m against this tax scam. You are not going to sell me a bunch of lies.
How smart of Republicans to cut taxes, borrow to make up the shortfall which future tax payers will have to pay back with interest.
That is a big if. The economy was at near full employment when it was handed to Trump. If we believe the Republicans that we could not afford infrastructure development under Obama, when the tax revenue was higher, how can e afford it now at the reduced revenue levels.
What ha been stopping the companies from training in the past?
The point you seem to be missing is that we are running a deficit, corporate profits have been very high in the past 8years. They don’t need the taxcut that they have been given. Individuals need it because they are more likely to ploughing it back into the economy.

Throwing the middle class a bone. Another distraction
But if you’re rich, you will see a tax cut of $150,000.   Hey, they get more of a cut than the poor single parent made.   Lots more.   And the mother lost food stamps and Medicaid.    #GOPTaxScam  #WEARENOTSTUPID
Single mothers should be getting 0. Perhaps teach them to not have a baby irresponsibly with every "bad boy" they see. Gangster culture must be rooted out of the west. Gangster culture must die
Save your breath...you're beating a dead horse. We know your tax cut was a scam to benefit the rich. We don't subscribe to the the theory of Trump....if you say it long enough it will become believable.
This incentifizes single motherhood. This is terrible
Thank President Trump & Republicans for voting the tax cuts in, not 1 democrat voted for them. It's time we make a change, get all democrats out of office so we can get what needs to be done, done. Vote for all REPUBLICANS in November, lets make a difference. 
GO PRESIDENT TRUMP!
But with interest rates climbing to purchase a car or a house how does that measly $1,300 actually help? Was it proposed gas tax to fix the highways how much more will that mother pay for fuel versus no extra taxes on fuel and no tax break

Such bulls. T
#FuckTrump
Better that the people spend it than the government spend it.
So many lies about the #GOPTaxScam
Not enough
And as an American a huge budget deficit. Thanks GOP for nothing.
It's sad, the #TaxCutsandJobsAct only has a 27% approval. I wonder why? 
#TaxScam
I understand now why the GOP is resigning.....

You gave rich people and corps tax breaks effective immediately...and you pretended to give middle class breaks that you now say they will see NEXT YEAR.
Why are you guys liberals worrying about other people’s money?? Instead, see if this policy it’s good for you! Wake up from being brainwashed!.. project mocking bird it’s real and we all been brainwashed by it! #FollowTheWhiteRabbit #woke #Q

