
My husband is a public school teacher. He's not sure if he should use his $5/check to buy pens & pencils for the 5 classes of 45 students he has or toilet paper for the teachers' restroom.

So much winning!
#TaxScam
NOT A GD THING TO DO WITH THE TAX BILL.
The best is how I can benefit now, and make my kids suffer under crushing national debt for the rest of their lives!
Your tax reform has done nothing for me or my family, we aren’t rich people.
It hurt more people than it helped
I got $2.89 a check... How many millions did the rich get????? #TaxScam
That’s in the rear view mirror.  Move on to other things.  Such as nationwide ccw and the hearing protection act.
The US economic expansion is not roaring; it's still stumbling into debt-ridden old age---fixing to be battered by another round of collapsing financial bubbles/payback for growth stolen from the future.#GOP was voted into power to stop the stupidity. Instead, they're more stupid
It is good to see bots self identifying
I haven't done the exact math but it's saving me a few hundred a year more or less . No significant impact , but thanks for trying .
I was able to buy a Trump Tie with my savings. I'll give it to my boss on his birthday. Did you know Trump Ties are made in China?
I was able to get enough money in tax savings to join Donald Trump on one of his trips to #MaraLago. I had to fly on Spirit and I slept on a park.bench, but great job! #MAGA!
I’m still trying to figure out if a single person making $73,000 a year benefits as much as a family of four?  Or is a single person penalized?
#GunReformNow #NationalSchoolWalkout
we have had a school shooting on the 20th anniversary of columbine and the day of the #NationalSchoolWalkout 

AMERICA.…
It seems almost daily that some Republican is spouting how great this tax reform is. IT’S ONLY GREAT FOR CORPORATIONS AND TOP 1%. GET OVER IT! Thanks for creating the biggest debt package in history!! Thanks for putting party over country! Thanks for the ongoing corruption! FOOLS
@realDonaldTrump the tax cut would benefit seasonal businesses too if the people we elected would release the #SaveH2b visas.  Instead many of us will have to close and lay off American employees. Sad that our businesses are last on their list. So many Americans will be affected!
My story:  I run a small business.  I’ve lost deductions that help my business, will be paying taxes on my state taxes, & now carry the burden of immense deficit you created. I remember when you screamed deficit neutrality & claimed the national debt our greatest security threat.
Lies!  Tax scam!  Pigs at the trough!!  
My company, Fortune 500, gave out its smallest percentage increase in pay in 10 years. They are keeping the tax cut as cash to the balance sheet to improve its stock standing and save for when the economy turns. No addition incentive pay outside its annual amount. #ThanksRepubs

How can a tax reform the didn't go into effect until April of this year and won't affect tax returns until next year be affecting anyone now? I realize you're trying to take credit for things that you didn't do that's just standard Republican SOP.
Well. I have to confess that I didn't think I could hold Republicans with any greater amounts of contempt. But thanks to your Tax scam, I honestly believe my opinion of you dropped even further. 
https://cartoonistpk.blogspot.com 
https://twitter.com/IndivisibleOH8/status/985186098807738369 …

#TrumpTaxScam
"An average 34 percent of income from the economic activity driven by the tax cuts is flowing out of the country, and in 2028, that number will increase to 80 percent." http://www.newsweek.com/republican-tax-plan-donald-trump-cbo-884129?amp=1&__twitter_impression=true …
@FoxNews @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @gop @SpeakerRyan The stupidity of our politicians is overwhelming giving tax breaks to companies that are still cutting US jobs like this one!  http://telegraphherald.com 
I would suggest that the Senate Republican stand by OUR PRESIDENT! AND get things done before election gets here!
Less regulations has allowed my 2 boys to start their own roller truck business. Less than 1 year successful. TY. I live in New Jersey so we are cursed with taxes from dimwit Democrats: Murphy Booker, Menendez. A Showman knows nothing, Fake talks to his little friend & Felon,
I paid more taxes this year than I've paid in decades so I plan to actually read the tax bill this year & see what you all passed.
I did notice that we were taking home more money. Then I noticed gas went up, groceries went up on and on. So I guess we do not really have it anymore?
We will ALL be adversely affected by the #GOPTaxScam when we start to feel the cuts to #Education, #Infrastructure, #MediCare #EPA, #NationalParks, etc that are coming as a result of the 2 TRILLION $$ YOU have added to the Natl Debt. 
#GOP: #PartyOfFiscalResponsibility?      Hah!
According to our tax accountant, April 2019 will reflect a $150/Month increase in the amount of our money we'll get to keep. That's about what the tax calculators on-line said. That's a week worth of groceries! There are so many positive things for our economy. Some won't look.
The Kochs will make $44 a SECOND. Yeah, I looked.
If I may ask, this affects you how? Are they dipping into your net worth? Are they preventing you from buying your babies shoes? Or do you just think it's unfair? They do produce a wide variety of quality products. I get it, though. Mark Wahlberg $65/yr Jennifer Lawrence $46/yr??
Do you have family on Social Security, parents or grandparents on Medicare, kids in school? The Republicans just created a $1 trillion deficit. How do you think they're going to fill that hole? The Rich of been getting richer since Reagan. And we've been paying the price.
Lol, I am low to middle class. I got a refund, extremely helpful. I had tax lady run my taxes from this year through next year's Trump tax plan and my refund more than doubles for next year. 

Awesome job.
I know how it will affect me when they end....which they will.  You guys are such liars.
So okay you got us a small tax break.  Now do you jobs.  #FireMcConnell and fix the vote to 51 instead of 60 then pass all the appointees McConnell and the Socialists are slow walking.
Nothing. Worried about cuts to social security and Medicare to pay for it. Sounds like big corporations are reaping the benefits with stock buy backs, raises and bonuses.
Well the price of gas went up $.20 in one month I would think that’s a very bad sign for the year
If you guys do your job right IRS will face reformation. That's #1 !
Now, there's more money in our pockets.
Finally, simple returns.#MAGA !
Some say "no benefit" because their 2017 refund didn't grow
Some say paycheck unchanged. Really!
& Raises R generally merit based.
EDUCATE!
I will soon start an Advanced R&D lab which I wouldn't have done if Democrats still controlled WH, House & Senate.
Take home is less by $23 per bi weekly pay check.
Look at all your feedback #crickets
No you dont.
And we want you to see this
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, The President of The United States @realDonaldTrump and the newest addition to his legal team Rudolph Giuliani 
Very happy
$20 a month more, doesn't make a difference
Get those people confirmed for GOD"S sake.
It hasn't helped!
We want Mike Pompeo confirmed.
My tax return was over $100. less than last year and I have not received a raise of any kind.
Your 2018 tax return does not reflect the Tax Cuts; because this tax cycle is from 2017 before the tax reform was enacted. 
Why does Mitch McConnell keep crowing about how great everyone is doing?
It was meant for small businesses to thrive in the shadows of the large buissnesses, my democratic uncle has been effected positively for his buissness
You want to hear from me? F-you  traitors your all going to prison
My 2018 tax is projected to be exactly the same as 2017. No bigger paychecks. No bonuses. Thankfully, no shutdowns/layoffs. Infrastructure still in despair. Education money still stinks. Federal debt is booming. Pretty much everything you said Obama did, you actually are doing.
Liar
Shhhh Let's Talk in 2019 W hy en we Will See the Truth...Stop Feeding America this nonsense..These Lies...Make America Healthy Again
Obviously a majority of the people commenting below either, don’t work, haven’t adjusted they’re withholding or make so little they don’t have to pay any tax. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisease
Shut up that's not it only very rich see benefit so stop drinking koolaid traitors
I'll tell you what it's done for me it's stripped my hard earned cash out of my pocket into your SUPER RICH buddy's pocket. I can't wait to VOTE BLUE!
The G.O.P. plan on cheating on the elections so they aren't worried we are screwed
Ok. That was good. Now FINISH IT by passing H.R. 25 and S. 13, better known as #FAIRtax !  @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @POTUS @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @VP @SenateMajLdr @FairTaxOfficial
I did tweet about it ,but you didn't read it .. No reply 
saw nothing
Must not work.
no fox news grandma...I work. I didnt see any difference. Maybe if I drank the Fool-Aid...
Sorry CNN grandpa/ma
In addition to an extra $100 a paycheck my company is giving up to $1000 an employee bonuses annually each year going forward for up to 60K employees...but for some reason they didn't announce the new benefit. Could be for political reasons.  Just glad to have the $$$ :)
...
Using your own tweets.
With the current US Adult population at 301.3 Million that means:
2.7% see lower utility bills
.01327 received bonuses
This is working GREAT for the working class.
Not really
I used to vote GOP, but live in a Blue State.  Your #GopTaxScam has been painful and expensive.  You Suck.  Time to switch parties....
Hire a real economist and quit bullshitting
My wine has increased as much as my tax cut is supposed to be.  You are all liars.
Are you sure you want to hear from me?
I will owe more taxes next April, you guys blew it.
Maybe not, but it’s preposterous for you to ask people how tax reform has affected them and no one has filed 2018 taxes.
Paying more for benefits and pharmaceuticals Groceries are higher Property tax and auto insurance increased 401k is wavering on the stock market No longer able to claim deductions next year will wipe out any "gains"but paying more fed tax$
Corp stock buybacks are more important
You haven’t done a thing worth talking about. Pure as worthless as the Democrats.
This tax cut was a huge mistake.
#TaxationIsTheft
Bull... #GOPTaxScam is mostly going to the wealthy! 88% of tax breaks going to the top 1%. #VoteThemOut
It's a taxscam so, it doesn't help the middle class!
Haven't seen a difference. Ask Donnie if I can get a small starter loan, 1mil, that way I can say something positive about this negative bill you idiots passed.
It’s a black box so who really knows but I’m a working stiff so I guess I’ll be paying more so that one-percenters can hire more help, take more exotic trips.
Do something about #DACA !
Gas prices rising.
Food prices rising.
No rise in my pay.
Less money refunded than previous years.
Tax DEform bill benefiting who? 2%.
My family's raise was $75 a month. Never got a raise under Obama. The grandchildren paying the debt is hilarious Obama added 10 trillion. Job is secure now and believe things are going good.  My healthcare is still out of control but I'm sure that is Trump's fault (sarcasm)
I do have more money in my paycheck but your bill is a travesty. It does more harm than good.

#GOPTaxScam #TaxScamBill

As almighty God as my witness, I will never vote Republican again.
Thank goodness
You must be kidding. Go ask Trumps Swamp and GOP about it. The rich and big corporations don't tweet about their windfall.
It’s about $40 a month which doesn’t make up for my increased health insurance costs.   Net negative.  Thanks GOP
Asking the same question I walk around all day at school/work asking everybody if they've seen any difference in their paychecks nope nobody, maybe if I had a membership at Mar-A-Lago I could ask those people I'm sure they've seen a difference
The @gop tax scam did NOTHING for me since I'm not in the 1% top rich Americans
You are lying.
GOP is listening to only Trump complements but not from all Americans that question Trump destroying this Country...
Are you listening to the replies to this tweet?!? Or do you only want to hear from Russian bots telling you what you want to hear? #GOPTaxScam #BlueWave2018
My business sells food.  The great crisis of inequality in our country, where the richest 1% earn more than the next 50%, means that most people have less money to spend on food while the richest hold huge wealth.  Put more $$ in the hands of people who will spend it.
Get behind Trump, go Nuclear.  Get this country back on its feet again.
It has Saddled my daughter’s entire generation with unnecessary debt. #shameful
terribly because you didn't spend the time on due process for this bill. No hearings, amendments, or anything. You pushed it through without any thought and had lobbyists write the bill for you. America will suffer because of your stupidity.
Let me count the ways:
My health insurance premium went up;
My paycheck has actually shrunk w/higher premiums;
We were just informed there'd be no bonuses for anyone not a Dept Heads or higher & hours are being cut;
Oh - and I see the parent Corp's stock price is on the rise...
Seems only trolls comment on this account
You only hear what you want to hear. You don’t listen to the majority. Your craptastic #TaxScam was a money-grab for the wealthy and you know it. So do we. #BlueWave2018
Guess it hasn’t cut in yet as just did 2017 and with same income and expenses fed tax for 2016 for family of 2 went up over $1,000.
If you want some fabulously large impacts, ask some of your rich friends.   #GOPTaxScam
.@TheDemocrats need a comparable   website where Americans can share their stories of layoffs, business closings, no bonuses, no pay increases, standing in lines to prepay property taxes, higher healthcare premiums that offset minor bumps in take home pay. #TaxMarch
Fake Tweet. Do you guys still think it's real? I'd wager, Trump could personally hand you a million bucks tax-free and you'd still hate him and call it a scam. Just sayin'
Try this...
My electric bill is going up.
Yes - that's a no !

No not really
Haven’t felt it yet. Apparently, it wasn’t designed to help the middle class.
The tax cut will cost me about $300 more per year but GOP is deleting the ACA which will pull me off of the exchange. 50 year old with no insurance. THANKS REPUBLITARDS
It's had a HUGE impact on me.  HUGE!  

Oh wait - no it hasn't.  It's had virtually no impact on me at all.  Mostly because I'm not a billionaire, nor am I a multinational corporation.
My kids get to inherit more government debt!
How true! 1.2 trillion bucks per year in added deficit. These guys will win
Not per year.
It SUCKS! Thanks for nothing!
Keep up the resistance my comrade. We need more brave beta males, little girls (preferably around the 11-13yr old range) and transgenders like you. Together as one people we stand untied against the fire and fury of the Trump machine.
Crumbs.
