
I'm glad the midterm election is here, your going to be out of a job pretty soon!






#GOPTaxScam blows up our deficit and only meaningfully benefits the ultra rich
It will be repealed
No it won’t because your going to get & from middle class one way or another with the exception of the rich. It takes $ to run a country. Not to say our $ doesn’t get misused ie  trump spends it on Weekends in Fl & lawyers. GOP will cost us as N 4 yrs our taxes will go sky high
I received LESS this  yr & my daughter has to pay  MORE  this yr.. 
A 5 year plan> fair and simple  is not  <

Boomers' Social Security 2.9 TRILLlON surplus will be STOLEN by GOP to fund this #TaxCutScam, and TRUMP ALSO plans yo steal from the poor needing #SNAP
You are very bad people. The #GOP knows they've screwed the American People, did it knowingly, methodically and are trying to spin it like an American Win? The @gop sucks.
My family paid MORE this year. 
Your tax plan is a SCAM. 
Case in point Big Pharma received BILLIONs in tax cuts, yet they RAISED Rx cost.
Stop pushing propaganda, even the CBO calls Bull pucky
Welcome to Trump Financial chaos. 
It’s also known as inflation. 
The GOP Tax Scam,  not awesome.
Collision course for Economic Uncertainty, aren’t…
I paid thousands more, too for healthcare thanks to TRUMP.
And raise prices on everything.
And eliminated popular deductions that the many middle class families and college students relied on.


#TrumpRussiaCollusion
New TRILLION DOLLAR DEBT Paying GOP DONORS! http://middleclasslast.com/ 
Your profligate spending via the tax cut and budget bill is causing inflationary pressure which is putting all Americans behind. Tax cut doesn't mean a damned thing. It caused a tax increase here in the Northeast.


#StormyDaniels
When will you do something for Seniors ridiculous tax on SS income? $35k earnings threshold taxes 85% of SS! Threashold should increase
Old, lying GOP Senators will be OUT and new, non-crooked Senators will be IN as soon as you’re up up for re-election. Americans are tired of your duplicity. #FlipIt
FAKE NEWS:  You took away the $4,150 personal deduction. That means the deduction went up $1,550/indiv. and $3,100/married couple. That is not double.  Plus, anyone that itemizes is getting screwed b/c the GOP limited/eliminated SALT (State and local taxes) deductions.
Yep.


That's why I have to pay then
Start with all your old ideas.
I love how the GOP sells out Americans, balloons the deficit, and then bolts by the dozens. To where? "Okay giant companies, I got your handy dandy tax break, now provide me with a soft landing spot." Cause you know they did.  Just watch to see where they land. @SenateDems #taxes
Social security should be taken out of every single paycheck with no cap. And you know it.
Come on! Raise Social Security to a livable wage and Medicare cover their needs.  Dental & RX included. The government can limit big pharma from raping our elderly. Fix this injustice. Put Congress on SS only with no pensions & it get fixed!!
However the personal exemption was also removed, nullifying the doubled deduction, especially for families with kids. Many folks will owe money April 2919 unless they adjust their W4
Actually the new standard deduction won't help many people. They will pay MORE in taxes! Don't lie to the American people and act like this is a good thing!

And increase the debt to $1.5 trillion the biggest in US history and the only way to pay for the cash fall for the rich is by taxing US citizens @FoxNews @CNNPolitics @WSJ
rip gop.  you’re on the losing team.
Lies all lies.  Don't insult my intelligence.
#TIMEPHONEHACK

This is not working for you, GOP
Yeah well do you get rid of the personal exemption? If so not much difference.
What you Repubs give with one hand, you more than take away with the other. The majority of Americans know that 80%+ of the tax cuts go to your billionaire corporate donors. And you've added a $ Trillion to the budget deficit. GOP = Greedy Old-boy-club Politicians!!
And another lie
More lies from the lying GOP!
Corrupt Republican Regime Propaganda and Lies in support of the Fascist Dictator Traitorous trump.
You forgot to mention the Republican orgy of debt.

Own up to it folks.
Ok let's do the math!  129m HH in the U.S. so 10's of millions is let's say 30m?  That is only 23% of the pop BUT  100% of the top 1%!  F U!
Oh so 3 bucks  woooo weeee
Old is out come November. #TaxScam
GOOD! I hope those Trump voters see that their @POTUS has betrayed them!
But you eliminated person exceptions. A honest tweet would have mentioned that.
@SpeakerRyan promised Americans they would see a $4000.00 pay raise at their jobs. I don't know anyone who received a raise because of tax cuts. No one got a $1000.00 bonus either! Stop exaggerating! $7.00 a week more in my paycheck due to decreased witholding is peanuts. LIARS
Front loading a few scraps that gradually decrease will have no effect on helping the middle class. Corporations & the wealthy are the ones receiving 83% of the tax cuts and evidence shows these will be used on dividends & stock buybacks which help...you got it, the wealthy.
Not in NJ! Since when is political retaliation against 50% of America okay? What are we Russia now where we attack our political opponents?@gop reaches new low.
More money in the pockets of the richest 1% of our nation. Crumbs to a few hard-working families. Corporations do really well with GOP tax plan which are children will be paying off for years to come.

More BS from the Senate...did you dump McConnell yet?
Do something about this, elephants . We The People won't forget
Budget deficit for March was 300 billion dollars.  GOP fiscal policies?
My taxes were 1,000 higher than previous year with same income & deductions?
Just because you keep repeating the same lie doesn’t mean it will eventually become the truth. My taxes went UP. Your temporary crumbs to the middle class will never be enough to justify the permanent corporate cuts you gave.
Remember that corporations will be paying 8% of the government’s revenue while you and I will pay 85%!of it. #TaxScamBill #VoteThemOut2018
Elimination of SALT deductions, unreimbursed employee expenses, mileage, home equity loan interest, etc. means that taxes will increase for many Americans. Watch out America! They're coming for Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid next to pay for the #TaxCutsandJobsAct
Pass a bill! You can’t run for ofc if you don’t release your tax returns. Hillary did. Your cheating candidate did not! It’s time for Rufus to release his taxes!
Dufus not Rufus. Or dotard.
Americans are interested in a lot more than your lame Tax Scam! Senate Repubs are hiding behind it as a way to avoid addressing the lack of a unified foreign policy strategy, the Mueller investigation, the president’s possible obstruction of justice, and more. Vote blue in Nov!
No, it doesn't, you unbelievable #liars. 87% of the benefit goes to the rich & corps. You eliminated the dependant exemption and state and local tax deductions, RAISING taxes. Plus, the middle class will pay for ALL OF IT with your social security and Medicare cuts. #GOPTaxScam
#Imagine what you could really do if you would choose to #STOPSPENDING http://usdebtclock.org  .@GOPSenFinance @SenateMajLdr @McCONnellPress @HouseGOP @freedomcaucus @SenTedCruz @SenRubioPress @congbillposey
GOP Tax Math: 
Does the increased personal standard deduction make up for the $10,000 limit on SALT + Property Tax Deduction, and loss of other previously itemized deductions? 
How about next year? 
Or the year after that? 
Corporate tax rates were reduced permanently. Not yours.
you have failed Americans
BTW Your #TaxCutsandJobsAct was NOT the biggest as 'someone' keeps saying.  You might want to inform him of the facts so he won't appear to be a fibber
I guess if you tweet it often enough it becomes the truth.
That certainly seems to be what they're going for.
...and THIS?  tsk...tsk...tsk... shame
Sigghhhhh.....you just ask for it.  Here I was going to be nice since you've had a really bad week but look what I see the minute I sign on.  Can't you tweet a joke or heart warming story instead of the #TaxCutsandJobsAct fibs? 
Updated Stats-ONLY 4.3% benefitted

Sick of you calling it a tax cut. The rich got the lion's share. It's all a sham. You've lost all credibility just like the President.
Ok. That was good. Now FINISH IT by passing H.R. 25 and S. 13, better known as #FAIRtax !  @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @POTUS @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @VP @SenateMajLdr @FairTaxOfficial
You are aiding and abetting a guilty POTUS. Beyond being a criminal he is dangerously incompetent. When will you do the right thing for your country and #ImpeachTrumpNOW?

BS
How the #GOPTaxScam is sending jobs overseas:
Charles Koch donated $500k to Paul Ryan days after #GOPTaxScam passed:
Stop treating us like we are stupid.   We are NOT.     The #GOPTaxScam is a massive (trillions of dollars) giveaway to the rich.
I didn’t see ANY change in my taxes this year, except the instructions seem to have gotten worse.
The mega rich are SO happy you have been there for them.  They sleep on their big piles of money much easier. Nuts to the rest of us though, eh?
My taxes went up
Well, we need a refund on the new cause it sucks.
My family is definitely not happy this year, everyone owes more taxes and no one received a raise or bonuses. 

#GOPTaxScam
...and yet y'all keep carrying on about Last Year's ONLY legislative WIN as if it's a good thing.  It's not.  It's LAST year's news.  And come November, we'll be taking corrective measures just as soon as the Polls open...
It's so great I'll be voting for a the DEMOCRATS
You took away personal exemptions, so the benefit of doubling the standard deduction is minimal for most.  A two income married couple has the same SALT deduction limit as a single person.  The only people benefiting are corporations and the ultra-wealthy. #GOPTaxScam
lies, lies, les.  Stop it
Yes, but the Tax Cuts Act REMOVED the personal exemption!!!!  You didn't tell anyone that did you??  Lying, thieving conservatives.
#GOPTaxScam is wrong
It has been months of pathetically trying to get people to agree with your propaganda and it is not working. Americans are NOT better off. If you thought they were, u would not send out daily tweets. We await November you crooks. Ever think about the poor?

You take away with the left what you give with the right. Your plan will do nothing for most of us...
Hey, traitors, how about focusing on problems in front of us instead of flogging this dead horse?
Your tax cut is doing nothing for the poor or middle class. #GOPTaxBillScam #repugnant
Worthless Republicans in Congress have America now running deficits approaching ONE TRILLION dollars. They're trying to bankrupt the country... deliberately.
Lol keep trying to peddle this line of malarkey. The benifirs have already hit everyone’s paycheck and we now know exactly how little we got to pay for millionaire/corporate welfare and jack up the national debt by another $1.5 trillion, and we will #RememberInNovember

You fail to mention that middle class tax breaks are temporary but corporations’ breaks are permanent and much larger.
When is supposed to take effect?
It already has, didn’t you notice the YUGE increase in your paycheck?
Will apply to the lot of your party come November.  Somebody throwing shade for sure.
You fail to mention the cap on SALT deductions, which help families struggling in high tax states.
Such liars! When you mention the double standard you fail to say you’ve eliminated personal exemptions.A family of 5 with older dependents will lose on this.
But does absolutely nothing for those on social security. Every time they get a raise, you raise Medicare. The average 75 year old receives less then 1000 a month
Old. New. Jobs bill for a scam. No matter how you label it what the Republican party is doing, and allowing to happen, is treason, among other things. Paul is trying to leave the scene of the crime before the FBI lands. Too late, I believe. #Resist #BlueWave
#TrumpTaxScam
Out with the GOP in 2018 
