Then please explain to us why necessary billings have gone up in price like rent, phone, cable, not to mention health care costs.  A $20-$50 raise per paycheck does not cover the increases.   Please explain Republicans from an independent voter!
Don't forget most local taxes are going up to cover the school's higher security needs like metal detectors and more security personnel.
Maybe people that choose to own AR-15's and other weapons that can fall into  the wrong hands have to cover these costs of higher school needs?   This is no different than extra taxes for alcohol and tobacco.   Why should we all get penalized?
OMWord...We are not stupid ! We balance our check books monthly ! Do you? I can’t believe what you are doing! Do you look in the mirror daily? A Face of The Man in The Mirror, Please read and respond to me, a tax payer!
Wow $166 extra per month! We are RICH!!!
Explain how cutting the tax income that supports our government will help us?

Oh I know
 All elected officels will no longer receive government checks.
They must openly live off the lobbiests "donations".

 It would be like it is, just less tax dollars subsidizing their budgets.
GOP gave trillions to corporations and wealthy people who already have tons of money. It did nothing for hardworking Americans, and GOP added to trillions to deficit. GOP continues to lie to red, white, and blue
Just 4.3% of workers will get a one-time bonus or pay hike tied to the Trump tax cuts... businesses got 9X more in cuts than what they passed on to their workers & companies spent 37X as much on stock buybacks than they did on bonuses and increased wages.
Ha Ha Ha. You guys. Really. Any tax break is going to be phased out. And the rich will get richer. Foreign Investors will be winning. 1% will be winning but the GOP will be sent packing. You can't keep gerrymandering your way to power.
You DO realize that's only $500 per person per year? #TaxScam

....and GM is laying off their second shift in Lordstown, Ohio.  Stop pretending your “tax reform” helps anyone but corporations and the already wealthy.  @senrobportman @RepDaveJoyce
Just a matter of time before the republicans come for our social security & medicare blaming the national debt. The republicans raised the national debt 1.5 trillion with their tax cut mainly for the top 1% and trillions more with earlier similar "trickle down" tax cuts & 2 wars
Please tell me what "REFORM" means to you. My understanding of the word is to improve something.  Evidently yours includes the words "only for the wealthy". The majority of your own constituents get screawed over with your tax bill.  Thanks!
No I don't.  I make a living off of the 60+hour weeks I put in at the office.
Whom does your business service?
We're a consulting firm.  We advise executives on how to run their businesses and turn them around.
I guess.  I'm having a hard time following.

Lies
You meant the new "tax cut" for the wealthiest & big corporations. By GOP eliminating the "Exception" credit, capping other deductions, and not considering the annual "cost of living" (COS) and interest rate increases, they intend for more people to owe taxes at end of the year.
Reform? Bullshit! This is a scam to further line the pockets of the wealthy and greedy corporations. We have come full circle, back to the days of "The Robber Barons!
Still trying desparately to cover up your despicable #GOPHeist  Save it!  We know what you did and are already seeing the deficit explode. Filthy, greedy, #Shameless #GOPTaxScam 

#VoteBlue  #VoteThemOut #BlueWave2018 

#TheResistance
Why do you keep carping about the “tax cuts”? Trying to convince yourselves that it was the right thing to do? Enough!
Typical  families  earn 19k to 25 k, I am  the 60 k, and help  3 households.. How about us?
Most families aren't pathetic enough to earn only $19k-25k.  $60k is also pathetic.  This tax cut was much needed.  Obama raised my taxes by over $134,000.  This bill is cutting them by $39,000.  We still need to bring the capital gains tax rate back down to 15%
By the way, you don't deserve a tax cut because you're not trying and a loser.  How do I know this?  Because I have had AT&T as a phone provider, TV provider, and internet provider, and it's by far the worst service I've ever had.  I hope AT&T goes bankrupt and fires everyone.
How does someone with a company for 34 years only make $60k?
Not much of a bonus, less than $200 a month, Doesn’t even cover a car payment… much less a month’s worth of groceries, maybe one week, that’s it. Not much of a difference, definitely not a life changer!
TRUMP’S TAX CUTS DIDN’T BENEFIT U.S. WORKERS, MADE RICH COMPANIES RICHER, ANALYSIS FINDS
But all that you added to the national Debt in spending? #WhatDifferenceDoesItMake? #StopSpending
Such nonsense. Tax cuts are temporary and no tax reform. @GOP is an utter failure that strapped our kids with a trillion dollar debt. You are all going to be wiped out soon. #VoteBlue2018
It's not nonsense.  This tax cut was much needed.  Obama raised my taxes by over $134,000.  This bill cuts them by $39,000.  It's a step in the right direction but we still need to bring the capital gains tax rate back down to 15%.
Lie... again.  Assumes a family has a huge amount the can write off by itemizing.  Families that can only take the standard deduction (most of us) are screwed. And it's temporary. The rich get their billions in tax cuts forever while increasing the National Debt by Trillions.
@SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @CarnegieEndow @RockefellerFdn i'm not support @realDonaldTrump n his cabinet n staffs. He deceive me n world.
And, we are saying hello to an orgy of debt.  Quite the legacy!
Not tax reform...tax cuts for the wealthy.
People should black ball starbucks
2 years then tax hike of about 8,000$ a year in new taxes on the middle class and poor but millions to the top

Wake Up, Republicans: Time Is Running Out To Save America From Donald Trump https://www.politicususa.com/2018/04/13/donald-trump-stopped-right-now.html … via @politicususa
I have to pY 1400.90

112 tomahawk missiles were launched at Syria...

- That costed $224,000,000…
And the middle class will pick up the slack for the 1%. #BlueWaveComing2018, #AnyFunctioningAdult2020, #ImpeachTrumpNow
Pick up the slack for the 1%?Us 1%ers have been picking up the slack for the losers of the country4the last 8 years.Obama raised my taxes by $134k.This bill cuts them by $39k. It's a step in the right direction but we still need to bring the capital gains rate back down to 15%
exploding the deficit - Senate GOP is not conservative - total hypocrites to conservative values.  In April 2019 when everyone has to pay their taxes many of you will be gone.
You sold out the middle class.
And I wonder what my tax cut would’ve looked like if you hadn’t given such a disgusting cut to billionaires and corporations. #taxscam
I'm not a billionaire and I'm getting a $39,000 cut.  The corporate cuts are good.  Corporations are basically people.  Everything corporations earn ultimately goes to people.
And hello to a rigorous and rapidly increasing deficit, especially as the government goes on a spending spree with no tax income to finance it. GOP leadership fiscally conservative or dumb as a box of rocks?
My taxes appear to be exactly the same, but I can just send them in on a postcard, right?
And what will that be next year...  and the next...  Since the breaks keep going down for families and stay UP for corporations.  You seem to be leaving out key details.  Oh...  and if you are already poor...  sorry Charlie.
Rich families. Not my family.
Us rich families deserve this break.  Obama raised my taxes by over $134,000.  This bill cuts them by $39,000.  It's a step in the right direction but we still need to bring the capital gains tax rate back down to 15%.
And repeal the ACA taxes
How about calling it a get the richer scheme for the upper the class, and everyone else become poorer. And it definitely isn't producing any jobs either more like taking away jobs for the American people ie.. Coal miners, and steel workers.
How do you pay for the bombs dropped on Syria?
Actual Republicans would end slavery, the chattel slavery in our prisons  first because it is a disgrace, but also the wage slavery which keeps us subjugated to the Democrats and their middle class. Nix the exception clause AND provide the necessities with a Negative Income Tax.
You left out  their tax cuts are temporary & u cut their medicare, medicaid & ,social security to pay for the permanent tax cuts of the super rich which greatly reduces their chance of retiring. Bait & switch. Then u lie about it.
Please do whatever bill you can pull through including Border Control Bill and reduce cost of Budget.
What's a typical family? That's a meaningless statement.

"Wage growth well short of what was promised from tax reform" http://hill.cm/GZnh22w  
Stop the lies about the tax scam

Somehow I doubt that...
God keeps calling us to repentance and He is Real but we are all numb, dull till......last second, I guess.
What a joke! The great tax scam against the middle class & for the top 1%
Us 1%er deserve a tax cut.  Obama raised my taxes by over $134,000.  This bill cuts them by $39,000. It's a step in the right direction but we still need to bring the capital gains tax rate back down to 15%. If you're jealous then stop being a victim, take personal responsibility
For your life, and work harder so you can join me in the 1%
Hello to making the super rich into incredibly rich with the #GOPTaxScam as intended killing the average Americans dream
“Here is $2,000 ... ignore the extra $3,500 you have to fork out for other costs”
As long as those families are in the top 1% rich. The @GOP tax scam is doing nothing for the average American. You lying maggots don't seem to tout the fact that the stock market is down considerably since you passed this bill for the rich
That is chicken shit compared to the license to rape that corporations were given!
BS.  Do SOMETHING about trump!

That is great, truly. Now tell me the same number for people making 1m, 10m, on & on. How about the Fortune 500? See dems never had a problem with middle class tax cuts. It's cuts to top earners & large corps that are already flush with cash. Transparency- cuts were for donors.
A Tax Scam is a Tax Scam is a Tax Scam. No amount of Republican spin is going to make it any different.
BS
Well, as @DavidCornDC always kindly reminds us, it is a perfect day/time for @realDonaldTrump to release his tax returns for at least the past 30 years.
While small business suffers.  Good job.
I'm assuming the family in this ad is wealthy and white and can write off private school tuition.

#GOPTaxScam
If you use real numbers this is a lie. Depends on exemptions & itemized deductions.
I paid about the same.  Who is getting all these tax cuts?  Tax cuts weaken the U.S.A. setting up the next economic collapse.  Perhaps, Trump dreams of using economic chaosto grab power like Hitler used the Great Depression.
Prove it!
Budget deficit for March  was 300 billion dollars. Republican fiscal policies?????


Budget deficit for March is 300 billion dollars.  Gop fiscal policies?????????
BULLSHIT!!!

Big deal the folks at 50 thou or less pay more GOP is dead
If you make $50k or less, you're a loser and you're not trying.  Success should be rewarded and encouraged, not failure.
How is a $3K increase in my 2018 taxes a good thing? GOP is only protecting their donors, the rich and special interests. Things will change after November. Your days are numbered. Hard working Americans deserve better.
No Secured Borders = No Secured Votes  DTS #Trump2020Landslide
How much for the top 1%?  How much for the working poor?
It makes sense that 1%ers like myself would get a big cut because we pay the most taxes.  My cut is $39,000.  The working poor don't pay anything close to that in taxes, therefore it's impossible to give them that kind of a cut.
This cut was much needed.  Obama raised my taxes by over $134,000.  This bill cuts them by $39,000.  It's a step in the right direction but we still need to bring the capital gains tax rate back down to 15%
So glad you’re pleased with your cut.
Shame shame shame.
pleaseStop living off past Trump accomplishments. Build the wall. DACA reform. Immigration cut visa lottery system. Stop chain migration. Stop increasing other work visas secretly. cut waste. Stop aide to enemy countries! Defund planned parenthood! Do something significant again.
Stop living off past Trump accomplishments. Build the wall. DACA reform. Immigration cut visa lottery system. Stop chain migration. Stop increasing other work visas secretly. cut waste. Stop aide to enemy countries! Defund planned parenthood! Do something significant again.
Shear NYT "'This president is unethical, and untethered to truth and institutional values,, Mr. Comey writes in his book. Tax cuts versus democracy. Your silence loudly proclaims your collusion.
We paid more than last year and made less, enjoy spending our money on a corrupt special council
Say goodbye to taxpayers being able to retire and hello to trillions of dollars of debt. #GOPTaxScam #GOPLiarsAndCrooks
Quit bragging something from months ago, get on with the business at hand. Try immigration reform!!
Any claim of fiscal responsibility by Borrow & Spend Republicans is the biggest lie since the Bible. America cannot survive deficits approaching a trillion dollars. 
@HouseGOP
Nope. Not happening. Sorry. Your jobs are gone in November, you lying pack of snack oil salesmen.
#GOPTaxScam just funnels $$ to the rich while increasing the deficit. Then you jerks want to pay for it cutting SS  & Medicare?
Have you no decency at all?
Is this why @SpeakerRyan is quitting? Cuz it’s tax scam
Good for NOTHING. How the Congressional GOP plans to kill the poor & afflicted & rob from the middleclass to feed the greed of their oligarch owners like the Koch Bros. A vicious class war & to throw millions off healthcare.
I see what you did there...#Mustbeajoke

...and those starving families of four on the streets will receive thousands of dollars less.
Helped my friend do their taxes, the system estimated next year their refund would be 300 higher, which she scoffed at because genuinely the reason for the projected increase is because she moved into a position that gets more stable hours, and not any cut to her taxes
So take your fiscally irresponsible tax plan and shove it directly up your urethra you fucking corrupt fascist pigs.
Yeahhhh....it did not help me!!!
In November we’ll be saying “goodbye” to you lot, and good riddance!
How many more times are you gonna Tweet about this? You didn’t care what our thoughts were as you jammed this through and now you won’t let us forget the peanuts being handed back. Are you gonna Tweet about the fewer deductions and how much we will owe end of year???
Better for families would be universal healthcare. Many families are an illness or accident away from being bankrupt. Much as Senators have government paid healthcare, others need this basic protection also. The unprivileged matter also.
Paul Ryan tweeted this pic from conservative Tax Foundation's testimony that lists a family of four with 85k income and 5.5k in 401k  contributions will see 1k.  I'm not sure where you get your numbers?   I believe Paul's it shows the 1% getting the biggest tax breaks.
Not for us! And we see what your next ploy is... https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2018/04/11/gop-balanced-budget-amendment-shred-medicare-social-security-column/497678002/ … #NotForSALE #RIPGOP
Even Republicans say this is a massive tax cut for the rich and for corporations.    Stop lying about it.  Own it.   Admit it.    And leave our Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security alone.
Another lie from the Republicans.
How is this OK? Do his lawyers have security clearance? Any reason to have an opinion on bombing?
We know that your balanced budget bill you’re pushing now will cut programs that people depend on and need. Give our money to rich and then expect us to pay again for it. #GOPTaxScam
Why don't you senate republicans & @SenateMajLdr tell us how much of a tax cut/entitlement the Koch Brothers, Warren Buffett and Mitt Romney will get?

Or Exxon, Goldman Sachs, Microsoft or Lockheed?

But that family of 4 can really go to town with the extra $76 every 2 weeks.
My family of 2 on same income of last year was over $1,000 higher for current year.
Trump is destroying our international standing, markets, safety and democracy. Do you think Americans care only about money? Isn’t country more important than money? #PeopleBeforeGreed #CountryOverParty
"Reform"?  F**K that lie!!  1%ers!!

And thanks for OBAMA CARE & then not Repeal of it losers. Grow some balls & get it done. Also address immigration you bunch of pussys! @HouseDemocrats And finally sign KATES LAW that was passed by house last year. @FoxNews @CNN @sfchronicle @latimes @sacbee_news @kron4news @abc

We’ve already lost too much because Trump is tanking the stock market. Some of rely on our accounts now, not all in the future. Tiny tax break won’t help us now.
Republicans like to pretend Bush's tax cuts never happened | MSNBC
The theory behind Trump’s tax cuts is exactly what gave us the failed Bush economy - Vox
New from the @TaxPolicyCenter: more proof that the #GOPTaxScam prioritizes the very wealthy over working families. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2018/03/30/the-richest-americans-get-a-33000-tax-break-under-the-gop-tax-law-the-poorest-get-40/?utm_term=.02a55de72f2 … …
Pay is soaring for the wealthy. What about you?
Experts agree – the #GOPTaxScam is a huge giveaway to the rich that leaves families behind as federal deficits swell. https://medium.com/@HouseBudgetDems/more-evidence-the-republican-tax-scam-leaves-american-families-behind-268582d55be4 … …
.@SpeakerRyan wants you to know: he's never going to stop trying to cut Social Security.
What a hilarious picture! Good for WHITE families with a mom, dad, and 2.4 perfect kids - in what fantasyland?!?
White families?  
1. The people in this picture are Billie, not white.
2. There is nothing in the bill that mentions race so stop race baiting.
#TaxScam don't insult my intelligence.
Thanks. Now #ProtectMueller so I don’t have to worry about our democracy. #Priorities
It's not Tax Reform when you've exploded the deficit.
And only the rich will benefit, shame on you!

What a joke!
Don't be fooled, that paltry sum amounts to nothing.  If you are poor, living paycheck to paycheck, you are still going to be poor, living paycheck to paycheck.
Then stop being a victim, take personal responsibility for your life, and work harder so you can stop being poor.
I'm not poor, nor am I a victim, but I'm also not foolish enough to fall for the BS my party is trying to shovel.
The only good thing this bill accomplished was abolishing the ACA mandate, and if your taxes went up 134,000, then you're not hurting, and my original tweet was not directed at you.  Personally, I'd prefer the capital gains be closer to 0%.
I wish they were 0% as well but I don't think congress would go for it so I would settle for 15% because that's what it was before Obama raised it to 20%.
And then you got the additional 3.8% ACA tax making it 23.8%
Impeachment! What is the delay, GOP?
Yes! About time!
#GOPTaxScam
#GOPTaxScam is wrong @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain @dougducey @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Almost Comey time #GOPCorruption
#RNCCorruption too
