The daily hype for their TAX SCAM. How about taking action on an out-of-control POTUS? GOP silence is approval. Nov 6 is coming & Trumpublicans are going.
How is your Republican representative doing as the example of the best of GOP values?
I hate to to tell you but don’t we need a minimum of 4% growth to make up for the revenues lost from the tax breaks?
1.1 mil jobs/120 mo) = 9200 jobs/mo. Economy now producing around 200,000 jobs/mo without tax cut. Additional jobs worth deficit increase??? 0.7 growth per what?
110,000 jobs a year with a $1 Trillion debt. Each of those jobs will cost us $9,090,909.09. Can you pick me to take this $9million job?
"The greatest threat to our nation . . . " ~ @SenBobCorker
Wow, you are proud of creating 110,000 jobs a year? If we divide that by the massive deficit you created... each of those jobs will cost us millions. Math is NOT your friend.
Your constituents deserve much better than the lies you are feeding them.  In the end, this bill will devastate the majority of them, while you skip to the bank with your bags of money.
What are you going to do to stop the WH carnage caused by so much corruption? This is dangerous to America and you must stop it. Our security (national and global ) is at stake.  Forget you're losing votes, do what will save this country and be remembered for something positive.
Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the House Democratic leader: “The C.B.O.’s report exposes the staggering costs of  the G.O.P. tax scam and Republicans’ contempt for fiscal  responsibility.”

? You forgot their debt computation. What was it, $1.1T or so? That's not including the spending bill passed last month.
The #TaxCutsandJobsAct is nothing more than an instrument to increase the wealth divide in our country. I like how you tout the fact you voted for and still support the #TaxCutsandJobsAct because it gives everyone a reason to vote you out in 2020.
The job of congress is to be a check on a corrupt and incompetent president and his propaganda machine.  Why are you ignoring that responsibility?  Please tell America why you are letting America down
And the #deficit ????

#ProtectMuellerNOW 

#ProtectMueller
#TaxCuts DO NOT GUARANTEE workers #WAGES will rise.  Historically just the opposite happens.  If consumers don't have higher wages eventually they will have to stop putting stuff on credit  . . . fewer buyers less production.

If Trump fires Mueller, we'll pour into the streets. 

#Resist #KingTinyHands #TrumpMustGo 
Yet you’re screwing people because Obamacare is still in place! You’re going to have to deal with that this fall because McConnell is a coward!
Not voting for GOP this mid-term...Why should I???
And the stock market is still DOWN since the fucking @GOP tax scam bill to help the rich was passed. Our national debt grows and grows under your corrupt leadership, or actually lack thereof.
The @USCBO says the republican tax cut will increase the federal deficit. #TaxScam #TaxScamBill
Knock knock. You all support Trump. Stop talking.
.7 percent growth! Holy FUCKBALLS! It only cost 1.9 Trillion dollars! What a great investment! It will only cost America a few quadrillion dollars to #MAGA at this point! YAY! Keep winning Republicans!
Mean while seniors and disabled will continue to be homeless or have to decide between medical are and medication and food and essentials. 
Don't forget THEY vote to and at this point is a very large portion of the voter base
False. The projection is for an inflated National Debt and ANOTHER Republican Recession!
Sorry. He is too racist to be a Dem.

Federal deficit set to top $1 trillion in 2020 and total national debt will soar to more than $33 trillion in 2028, the highest level as a share of the economy since just after World War II, budget office says. @thomaskaplan https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.nytimes.com/2018/04/09/us/politics/federal-deficit-tax-cuts-spending-trump.amp.html …
Do these stats allow for a pending trade war?
Why are you silent on Michael cohen "legal search by FBI " aand what it truly implies?  Take this corrupt presidency down for the good of America.
NON-STOP PROPAGANDA & LIES! Don't believe a word of it. Their CONSTANT plugging, mentioning, cheer-leading should tell you how much of a Middle Class FAILURE this SCAM truly is. "Me thinks thou doth protest too much". Don't fall for their "say it enough times they'll believe it".
Congrats you raised our deficits to 1 trillion  thanks for nothing
You forgot the Trillion dollars and debt that it will create every year!! #TaxScam


And trillion dollar deficits.  #GOPTaxScam
Is that graphic the enormous deficit you irresponsible clowns have created?
the Big debt payoff, and rising state taxes,  is going to cost us "not rich" people a lot.
What the hell are you senators doing when sessions is stonewalling a second special counsel? The world is looking in think you all don’t want to fix USA you will all lose at mid terms cause you havnt kept your word to voters
Why hasnt congress moved & impeached rosenstien do they want to fix the swamp? How can he stone wall his oversight? Do you want to fix the swamp. MOVE and do something congress. Get warrant seize the documents you bunch of wet blankets will never get respect

Be the voice that is heard. The vote that makes the difference. The one person that does not let the fight die. Vote for America and Americans. Vote the @GOP out of office every chance you get. #Resist #BlueWave @PutinRF_Eng #RussianSanctions #POTUSDotard
If .@SenateGOP really cares about US, it would be good to show some signs of responsibility to its future.  Lying to get elected may work, but it will screw over our children and their children.  Do the math!  #MAGA
You guys don’t get it. You passed a bill based on lies. You’re spending more money and reducing taxes for the rich and guess who will be paying. The Average American
...and add an additional $1+ Trillion to the national deficit than expected...
This is but one reason #WeThePeople will be coming for #TheGOP when the polls open in November...
Dust off your resumes...
Shut up now traitors. You allowed this Mueller and Rosenstein coup attempt to continue and are now the enemy.
Start supporting trump by pushing for his nominees.
We read the CBO. 

You're effed come midterms.
First of all. FAKE NEWS! Second, that's a piddly ass number to be bragging about.  That's a hundred thousand jobs a year for the next 10 years that's not growth that's nothing those 1.1 million jobs will be swallowed up over the next decade by the impoverished. WTG Republicans...
Have you seen the budget CBO report???
Uh yea. I’m going to have to call bullshit.
The MamaHawk forecast that the GOP is going down with the president.
