What is the reason you don't sign bill to protect Mullier.I hear also Rosenstin will be fired from his job http://soon.Is  this the way you will get rid of investigation of Trump.Its a bad move if you do http://this.You  will see many people protesting.
This is what inept flaccid leadership looks like

What good is a $10-$20 per week decrease in tax withholding if we’re all going to have to pay more for durable goods due to the Trump Trade Wars? The term “Tax Scam” doesn’t come close to expressing Americans’ contempt for the Republican Party. Vote blue in November!
Brief them on the tax scam.
You GOP senators are corrupt and evil.
No one wants to listen to this corrupt party .
Stop with the corrupt @GOP lies, rhetoric, and bullshit. This tax scam was designed to benefit the rich and only the rich. Why don't you actually do something about the #CRIMINALPresident?
Lots of negative DNC Troll posting. The tax reductions are working great & not one Democrat voted for the legistration.
John F. Kennedy knew how tax reductions stimulate economic growth. Glad to see Republicans were able to lower taxes.
We the people have a right to know if Trump was involed with Russia.Noting is being done so the election in November will be same.Why do you want to keep Trump as president as he is unfit to be http://president.You  are a do noting congree
No he was NOT!  Wake up!
Based on prior experience, what makes you think that this president would not fire Rosenstein or Mueller? What is the Republican Congress so scared of?
How ancient are these bastards??  They clearly have no clue what our lives are like, cuz they look like they died 12 years ago.   @GOPTaxScam

More and more BS
#Lies, lies & more lies. The #GOPLies. Any benefit from the #GOPTaxBillScam is wiped out by skyrocketing #Trumpcare. Both go up next year.
so quick question, what about the huge deficit?
You're all crooks. How're you donors feeling about the windfall you delivered? WE WILL tell you our opinion in the mid-terms. @SenateGOP @GOP
Let me guess. They’re going to tell us how great the Tax Reform is, as it’s their only accomplishment. At lease for the wealthy.



"Leadership " roflmfao..
Are they going to tell the truth or lie for Dumb Donald?

Why bother, it’s a shit show
This is a flat out right TAX SCAM for the rich and corporations PERIOD. stop trying to sell this lying bullshit TAX SCAM.
You guys lie enough on the Senate floor, we don't need press availability for more...

Here’s an example of your tax cuts at work


#GrowAPair
How about we find out how honest this Senate is a lie detector test? Do you believe the bills you are passing are truly benefiting the American people or not.
Money Talks BS walks!
...got some more fairy tales to try out do you?  No, thank you...
I don’t watch rich privileged white men if I don’t have to. These are soooooo out of touch.
Lets see what Tippy the Talking Turtle has to say.

