I don’t see any extra money !!!
Are you so indoctrinated with GOP lies you cannot even try to be honest?  If all citizens were benefitting from tax breaks for the wealthy we would not still be comparing them to trickle down economics.
I felt relief when I went to the bathroom, and that relief is much more satisfying than you giving corporations and rich people tax cuts at the expense of everyone else
You must be insane if you believe what you wrote in this tweet.
Bull Crap! NON-STOP PROPAGANDA & LIES! Don't believe a word of it. Their CONSTANT plugging, mentioning, cheer-leading should tell you how much of a Middle Class FAILURE this SCAM truly is. HERE is the TRUTH! This SCAM will KILL the Middle Class!
This millionaire revealed his tax return to show just how much the GOP tax law favors the rich 
The #GOPTaxBillScam is a joke, @SenCapito @HouseGOP @SenateGOP!
If it’s so damn great then why do you and your lying @GOP colleagues feel the need to tell us daily how “wonderful” it is for “us”??? 

The fiscal picture is worse than it looks—and it looks bad https://brook.gs/2IN1mZT  via @BrookingsInst
Did McConnell send all of you out to put a bow on this miserable pos tax scam?

Hope to see you onstage at one of the President's rallies. MAGA
The job of Congress is to be a check on a corrupt and incompetent president.  Why is the GOP ignoring that responsibility?  It is the MOST IMPORTANT job they have! You can pass your agenda just as easily with a President Pence.  History will not remember you well.
As if Pence isn't corrupt. Bwahahaha
500 people laid off. Optimistic?
I will support anyone who runs against you.  How can you say WV is doing well?  No good jobs, groceries higher than ever, gas up, however salaries and social security are not.  I have lost over 2k in my retirement fund.  Will you get that back for me?  I think not!
Are you really that naïve? Or are you just playing gullible? This doesn't end well for America or the people of #WestVirginia #corruption
Did you not just read about Mylan do you even believe what you write?
The lies are really tedious. WVians are not feeling relief, their unchanged paychecks buy less, if they even have one. The price of everything has risen dramatically. Eggs are four times the cost they were just a few weeks ago. Four times! What are you going to do about that?

Another scripted moment of not actually caring. #BlueWave is coming.
You my dear spread Fake News!
So what percentage of Virginians are getting paid more? How about we talk numbers?
Except the ones dying from opioid crisis in WV  they’re not feeling it Shelly #VoteTheGOPOut
Hey, @GOP! My name is @WellsFargo. I'm a bank. I agreed to pay $1 BILLION in fines for mtge and car loan FRAUD today! But thanks to a bigger FRAUD, the #GOPTaxScam, the idiot VOTERS will pay for it, cause in the last 2 quarters, I got $6 BILLION from the #GOPTaxScam! TX, SUCKERS!
How many billions did the banks report in earnings this past quarter?

I call BS
I don’t see it ...
Stop peddling your lies! 6 banks made over $3.5 billion in 1 quarter from your Make the Rich Richer tax sham. What is your take?
This is nothing but a scam...my taxes went up. @time2gocapito
You need to fire whoever is putting this crap every damn day on your Twitter. A: We know it's BS B: Saying a thing does not make it so.
Senator you lie and are not even ashamed to do so. Why do you continue doing it?
Okay here is my story & it 99% of the rest of Americans as well. 
Example: Tax Reform gives me now $0.25 more tax savings BUT the Tootsie Roll that used to cost me $1.50 now cost me $2.50. Point is who wins?The 1% Millionaires, Billionaires and Big Corporations!
Wake up America!!

#countryoverparty
Is that why WV is still one of 9 states with HIGH unemployment? (from BLS data)

Who is feeling relief?  Not me or anyone I know.

I don't believe a word about Trumps TaxScam helping anyone but the rich and your BIG BIZ donors.
??? Stories r alsum, yet the rich get richer & the poor have a story of 1,000 ???
It seems almost daily that some Republican is spouting how great this tax reform is. IT’S ONLY GREAT FOR CORPORATIONS AND TOP 1%. GET OVER IT! Thanks for creating the biggest debt package in history!! Thanks for putting party over country! Thanks for the ongoing corruption! FOOLS
Open your eyes Mrs. Capito.   Freakin gas is going up just in time to put a damper on vacations.  Oh wait, sorry you all don't understand what that means!  #BlueWave2018  is coming baby!
No one with a brain thinks this bill is working.  Deficit ballooning and now you are the reason.  You totally abdicated your fiduciary responsibilities.  You are just a puppet of your donors with no morals or leadership.  #TaxScam
Why don’t you do the right thing and work to save the miners pensions.
The tax scam is doing nothing for the average American. Why must the corrupt @GOP keep touting this atrocious bill that only benefits the rich while you do nothing about the lying #CRIMINALPresident?

I have gotten nothing in my pay check. What did I do wrong?  I want to visit one of your mobile offices so you or your staff can explain what I am doing wrong but you have them while I am working. So when can I get an explanation on how to start seeing this wealth?!
If this were true, then West Virginians wouldn’t be about to send a convicted felon to Congress.
Speak for yourself.
Who are these West Virginians you speak of?
Are they?
Having grown up in WV, the only industry the Democrats ever produced was the Welfare industry
No let’s get old Joe out of there and help President Trump!
It’s not illegal for Banks and Corporations to make money in a Free Market. It is illegal for the Gov. to keep stealing money that Americans work at these corporations for.
Horse shit!
Enough with the tax reform...unless your wealthy most Americans are getting just enough to pay rising costs of gas, & potential tariffs!!
A bill that was passed with notes written in the margins.  A bill that adds 1.5 Trillion to the deficit.  #GOPTaxScam  #TaxScamBill
You know, you look less like robot-zombies, and sound less like a skipping record if you change the wording of this BS now and then.
Tell @timkaine he doesn’t know this          
Bwahahahahahahahahaaha

You guys are so full of crap.

What are you smoking?
We won't see a fraction of what you gave to the largest banks on Wall Street. You are a liar and a con artist. WV deserves better.
Unless they work for Mylan :(
#VoteNoPompeo
Not true. Corporations and wealthy won in the #TrumpTaxScam
God, you must be enjoying the 4/20 day. Did you see that 75% of the Corp tax benefits went to stock buybacks?  How’s that helping the folks in Ridgeley?
Keep telling yourself you did a good job, because the reality is that a few dollars doesn't begin to bridge the wage gap many Americans are experiencing in the real world outside of Washington, D.C., Senator.
Now now Arch JR .... Quit that dang fibbing!  #LyingShelley #TaxCutSham
@SenCapito
