Senate needs to wake up and unite around our President 100%.  SUPPORT @POTUS or get out.
How was that not already illegal?
Trafficking has been illegal for decades, but this bill pushes traffickers further underground where they can't be prosecuted.
These online sources are allowing helpless women to be abused. So great they have lost their means of enslavement.
What a bunch of bullshit.This legislation makes it even harder for you to find the victims and helps nobody. Try writing legislation that actually takes into account people's voices instead of a pr stunt that will only lead to people losing their lives because of what you've done
You aren't helping any survivors by passing the bill. Backpage takedown did not facilitate requiring this terrible piece of legislation. You didn't listen to survivor groups, you own DOJ, or consentual SWers. Expect to lose heavily this election.
All this has done is pushed trafficking away from the public view, but it's still going to happen. You were told of this, but chose to ignore any and all of the facts.
Does that mean we can arrest 45 for all his illegal sexual advancements and harassments? Then again, the @GOP is notorious for sexual misconduct.
What about a bill to combat DoTard’s sex trafficking?

It will not ensure justice for survivors because

you've just made it MUCH harder for victims to be found! Law enforcement uses those sites to find victims! Pimps will find another way! 

Fosta is already getting consensual sex workers killed and forcing more into homelessness!
Except of course, getting them health care, or terminating unwanted pregnancies. You are hypocrites.
Thank goodness for some genuinely good news out of D.C.
Hi, @Moderate_ish, I'm a consentual escort effected by this bill. I'm also an advocate for marginalized sex workers. I won't debate you here, but I encourage you to DM me for a real discussion about the reality of sex work.
WHAT #SESTA DOES:
-help people die of violence
-destroy free speech
-takes away bodily autonomy 
-makes sexting potentially illegal
-effects the sex lives of millions of civilians. 

WHAT #SESTA DOESN’T DO:
-stop trafficking of any type
Interesting how the law doesn't address sex trafficking in hotels.  Only addresses online activity.  The senate spent 2 days proving they are clueless about the internet.  They feel free to vote on laws to destroy net neutrality and regulate it.  We need competency in the senate.

What about Border Control? Don’t you realize that you may not have this opportunity for a long while.  The way you questioned Mark Zuckerberg yesterday showed you are going to allow continued blocking of Republicans on his site.
That s*** is like 25 years too late.

Good job passing your pro-trafficking nonsense. How can shoving sex workers out of sight be this important to you?
How about some bipartisan wall legislation there while y'all ain't doing nothing else
It’s all the POTUS-you senate republicans ride on his coattails when he passes things and you hide when he needs your support. Where are your voices now GOP. The Grand  Old Party is just Old. In God and Trump we trust !
@ChristineCaine
Ouch. That's gotta hurt. Up side, if he doesn't participate anymore maybe he'll get away with that at least.

Make sure every politician is help to a higher standard ie #pussygrabbing #fakepresident
Remember when Hatch impeached Bill Clinton for lying about getting a BJ?
Most under reported story in history is this admins progress fighting sex trafficking and pedophilia. God bless every one of you who are fighting this evil. We may never know who you are, but you have saved our country.
Hey Republicans now that Ryan is gone you all need to get your asses in gear and get out the vote in your states . get on twitter every 10 minutes with what you are doing in your state to help the people. Get a staffer so you can get millions of followers. Your gonna lose!!!!
how about #ProtectMueller

a great bill, that came out of bipartisanship work. Congress needs to be more like this.
Hi John, I'm a consentual escort that has been affected by this bill already. In 2014, Redbook was shut down and trafficking increased. Eliminating online safe spaces for escorts puts is at risk. I invite you to DM me for an honest conversation.
U stole our retirements and gave it to them
good job   try and do more of this and not tax cuts for the rich...you better get ready to impeach 45 when he fires Mueller

I think he should stay away from anything that has to do with sex no?
Curious to see what has turned up with Trump’s trafficking rumors .... can’t imagine he gave a damn about any girls’ rights.
Is Trump immune to these new laws?
No votes for Rubio:
@MarcoRubio endorses the murder of school children.
@MarcoRubio endorses the murder of school children.
@MarcoRubio endorses the murder of school children.
@MarcoRubio endorses the murder of school children.
@MarcoRubio endorses the murder of school children.
Too bad that wasn't in place when Donald was hands on human trafficking
The @POTUS #GOPComplicit
