You libs need to check your fax Merrick Garland was not supposed to be nominated because it was in the last year of Obama's presidency and normally presidents don't nominate Supreme Court Justices during that period.
war mongers
Garland.



You libs just need to give it up Trump is your president live with it! All I hear from you people are negative anti-American statements!
#MerrickGarland
One person, that many did not agree with, should not cause them to obstruct hundreds! They should have only obstructed the other Supreme Court nominee.

Who the hell you been talking to people on welfare because all the people I know have been getting a lot of extra money in their paychecks! #MAGA
it was an article you read! never spoke to anyone as you propose have done! relax there michael! hope you and the people you "know" benefit! btw welfare recipients do not pay taxes so they benefit!
You sound just like my nephew. But people including myself have benefited and it will work to help republicans  in the fall elections.
glad to see you are optimistic! realistic not so much!
I'm sure he'll end up resigning in 14 months like everyone else, so wh cares?
So much winning...
Obstruction is highly necessary as Pompeo is not qualified for this position. He's even less qualified for this position than he was for CIA director. It's time the @GOP starts to put country and Constitution ahead of 45's corrupt and totally unethical administration.
Better yet. Speak about your nearly year long sabotage of President Obama's SCOTUS nominee Garland and ramrodding Trump's nominee through via the nuclear option. Give it up, Trumpublicans. Your ship goes down 11/6!
He is sooo qualified.  Nice man!GOD BLESS MIKE POMPEO AND US!!
Let's see... wasn't there a SUPREME COURT JUDGE that Obama had ready to go that the @GOP did this too?  Why yes...   yes there was?  You guys are trolls.
Dems new party platform: if Trump or the GOP does it, obstruct it
Kind of like when republicans refused to take up a meeting on Merrick Garland for Supreme Court and had him in limbo for 8 months?
So not wanting one person, means Dems can obstruct hundreds? Where is the logic?
He’s a war monger!  Are you TRYING to destroy the world or just stupid?
Integrity matters
This caused John Kerry the Presidency. I miss those days of Republican morality.  Obstruction was the calling card of Mitch McConnell for the entire 8 years of Obama. Right up until Gorsuch. The Dems watched and learned.  KARMA.
And how long were the Republicans obstructionist. I mean really. Republicans wrote the book on obstruction.  You know what they say about payback. Four years Republicans played that game.
Why is it unnecessary?
Actually you are traitors to the people who elected you to speak on their behalf; "unnecessary obstruction" is GOP mantra
I can hear the chanting now, “Approve the swamp monster, approve the swamp monster.”
MERRICK Garland, say no more.
The Senate SUCKS!
At least you’re taking about something besides the #GOPTaxScam
You @GOP need a rude awakening. Thank God it will come in November!  Never ever forget..”what goes around, comes around”.
It's clear that the POTUS&his staff are unable to vett appointments properly with all the resignation's & firing's they have had so it's time to put patreitisom over partasinship
It is clear that the POTUS &his staff are unable to vett an opintment before nomanaiting as proven by that of all that have been fired & resigned so let's put patreitisom over partasinship
It's discrimination...
I didn't think voted DEM. Vetting complete
Republican corruption will be in courts for years. Pompeo is a piece of crap who knows and intentionally decieved America about his service. What a disgrace full war mongering idiot. GOP lost 40 seats so far, and scared to town hall and face people over thier corruption.
Obstruction, you say? Hum, now remind me. Where have I seen this tactic before...
Oh boo hoo.  If you would learn to work together you might manage to get something done, but all you do is whine about the other party doing exactly what you do in their place.  Hypocrites the lot of you, from BOTH parties.  @SenateDems
Exactly!!  This is just unnecessary obstruction.  We are better than that.

Signed,

Merrick Garland
Unnecessary obstruction?!  Well isn’t that the same thing you Republicans did by ending the Russia investigation when the Democrats @SenateDems weren’t finished with it!  It’s a two way street, but if you don’t get your way, you scream “Obstruction”.  Stop drinking the koolaid!
It WAS done. They had interviewed everyone pertinent to the investigation.  Bringing in porn stars from a decade earlier has nothing to do with Russian collusion.
Your opinion doesn’t matter to me.  You believe what you want or need to justify what this administration is doing and I believe what I see on a daily basis!
You believe in anti-Trump. Dems still can't handle the fact they lost the election.  Despite all the rigging and collusion with media, intelligence agencies, and even Russia she still lost. They found collusion by the Dems. Why do they accuse others of their guilty crimes?
FACTS About Pompeo  :

-- BACK-DOOR channel to DT's pal & co-CONSPIRATOR, Kim Jong-un
-- advocates TORTURE
-- another Stepford wife of wanna-be tin-pot Dictator, DT.
-- COLLUDED with Enemy RUSSIAN SPIES !

PLEASE -- Call your Senators NOW,  and tell them NO POMPEO.
202-224-3121
Oh him  waking look around  gay
Dissolve the Senate! Its just full of a bunch of presidential candidate losers
Monkey see monkey do
Crooks
You all need to get your act together and WIN SEATS!!
He is guilty of stolen valor. He never served in the Gulf War as he says he did. What other lies has he hidden?
1) this is exactly what you did to Obama, so suck it up and shut it. 2) Hiring a spymaster as a diplomat should be an automatic disqualification at this level. If you want him to be a diplomat, demote him and make him a field agent.
Can anyone in the @GOP say Merrick Garland?

JUST STFU
So if he’s not drunkenly banging on hotel room doors the obstruction is unnecessary?
Quit the whining #GOPCorruption
Merrick Garland. Now shut up.
Hypocrites!  You wrote the book on obstruction!  Remember Merrick Garland?
I remember the Republicans told Obama they’d confirm Merrick Garland if the Democrats won the presidential election, but they didn't win -  #MAGA
#MerrickGarland
Hundreds of appointees?
