Because y’all threw precedent out the window when it came to the Supreme Court last year. You don’t get to complain about this with any integrity.
We shouldn't have a Secretary of State supported by only half of the Senate.

Nor a VA Secretary unfit to run the Department.

Nor an EPA Administrator conflicted by self dealing.

That's just this week.
How about that stock market you guys we bragging about and how your rax plan was biggly wonderful.  The market has lost any gains it made earlier in the year abd continues to slide. Stores are closing.  Sears, walmart, younkers etc erc nice job idiots
Because he lied about his service. What else is he lying about?
Gee, I remember a Secretary of State who STILL suffers under partisan smear campaigns and lies...
Because he’s a war mongering bigot  and a trumpster. Also Merrick garland
Here is WHY ?    YOU cannot trust anyone of U.S. SENATE to agree w/ such liberalism
well, let's see #GOPComplicit #GOPCorruption
I was thinking a vote FOR him would be risky.
So happy they are scrutinizing carefully. We all know how many of POTUS's cabinet members have turned out. We also remember you GOP'ers obstructing an Obama SCOTUS nominee for nearly a year to play politics. This post reveals yet again the Republicans' blatant hypocrisy. 11/6!
Voting for Pompeo is like voting for WWIII.  The blood will be on your hands!  #NoPompeo
Because he sucks.
You have some nerve talking about “playing politics” crybabies
Exactly why both parties should deny this #StolenValor candidate.
ANOTHER LOSER! NIKKI HALEY WOULD RUN CIRCLES AROUND POMPEO BUT TRUMP IS INTIMIDATED BY STRONG & INTELLIGENT WOMEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Confirm Pompeo. !!!!!
Because he is the wrong person for the job
I can think about 5 ethics violations already
Cause he is a Doofus.

Honestly I'd rather see all of you base your approval on your belief that the person you are approving is going to act in a way consistent with the interest of your constituants. Endorsing someone (near) unanimously seems like "old boy" politics. #RepresentYourPeople
We need high officials to uphold the Constitution and our democracy. Pompeo represents nothing close to consitutional
Kind of funny how you blocked President Obama at every turn—- Judge Garland??. And now you want help?????
Your job is not to just recklessly confirm. You are the check on the president's power. Besides, you didn't even hold a hearing for Merrick Garland.
@WSJ @nytimes @FoxNews It's Not Playing Politics When You Care and R Concern when a Person in Authority Lies about Service..Why? U Have No Credibility #HaveStandards #CountryOverParty
Trump was going to drain the swamp.
He was going to build the wall.  
He was going to focus on America's infrastructure. 
He was going to "Lock her up!"
Rather he:
Missiles Syria, 
Appoints swamp monsters to posts.
Becomes the Mad Tweeter, the Commander n Tweet
Pours juice...
Because he is THAT dangerous and THAT poor a choice. It's quite simple... but you know that... you just don't care.
Is this a joke?
BAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHA!!!!! I hope nobody in education has the fake history books that apparently the @GOP use for their "knowledge".
So wasn't the Supreme court nominee that Mitch McConnell blocked. "Why should this time be different "?
This time is different because a fascist autocrat is installing a war hawk who has no experience as a diplomat.
Ha we’re talking about democrats... they’re the faux Represtatives they’re only after personal gain. They could not care less for the USA and the American people. They’re like a mad dog, you cannot reason with them. ELECT CONSERVATIVE REPUBLICANS SO WE CAN CRUSH THE DEM PARTY!!!
Jesus would only be supported by half the senate.  I don’t have to say which party would vote no.
Because he's a liar and  a fraud just like your boss!
All of Americas problems with Health care, SS, Medicare and infrastructure could be solved by cutting the military budget in half.  Who's going to attack a nation where everybody is armed anyway?   War is good for corporations.
Agreed - approve him. If we survived the pantywaist Kerry we will do well with an experienced and talented adult like Pompeo
Democrats anti america
Third time is the charm. Every one on this tweet. Just go to the Southern Poverty Law Center's site & type Pompeo's name in the search. There's plenty info.

Here's more background on Pompeo's affliation to hate groups. You guys know this already stop insulting our intelligence.
Because Pompeo is affiliated with extremist hate groups.
Because he's another devoid-of-reality Republican who said that he couldn't imagine Trump asking to bring back torture even though Trump literally said he wanted to like we don't have ears.  Republican arrogance knows no bounds.
Why should this time be any different?
speaking out both sides of your mouth:
Just so you know:
Christopher Wylie, the Cambridge Analytica whistleblower, was on Capitol Hill today to speak to the House Judiciary Comm.  NONE of the Republicans showed up.  This is totally unacceptable!  Thttps://politi.co…
