For a claimed deficit hawk, you really think the tax reform was a good idea?
Benefits him personally
sad.
If you ever spoke to your constituents face to face, I would tell you that you're the worst senator in Montana history.  You've sold your soul and the people of Montana to pledge your allegiance to a man/party that is openly committing treason.  Your time is short. #nodaines2020
ditto
ditto
ditto
ditto
ditto
ditto
ditto
ditto
Oh, please! Giving money to rich people is just pandering to the powerful.  They may get richer, but by sacrificing everyone else's well-being.  The "growth" and the "jobs" are a con, admit it!
Are you drunk?  We got a petty bump and lost well deserved tax breaks... there is nothing pro jobs about companies buying back their own stock to save themselves from the crash and NOT 'give' people jobs.
There is not one positive reply to this tweet.
Unlike you, Steve, my house is not in a trust. This tax scam does me no good...not too dissimilar from you being my representative.
Hey, yeah, you got that provision in for pass through corporations that will directly benefit you and other millionaires, congrats! I didn’t want more infrastructure, a social safety net or a shrinking deficit anyway. Thanks a bunch!
#complicit
Who are you kidding?  My wife and I are retired on a fixed income; your tax cut law will cost us money.  Thanks! But, I'll bet you get a tax cut along with trump and the rest of the 1%
We will see no benefit. Now we can watch Steve and his sickening cohort of millionaires go after our Social Security, which barely covers our basic expenses.
I'm gonna owe even more duckets. What about a massive break for single people too? Or better yet let everyone making under a million not pay taxes for a year. See how much that stimulates the economy over the 1% getting 65% of the tax bill? 214 mil on bombing Syria..... & flint?
Flint just needs 50 to have clean water. Puerto Rico is still not 100% with summer around the corner... get out of office. Worst administration and Congress in the short history of the United States.
Who benefits from the growth besides your greasy palms?
WHY DO YOU NEED CUE CARDS FOR THIS, it's a 30 second spot.  I demand a representative who can at least memorize 30 seconds of bullshit, at the very minimum.
With your income, you probably do look forward to it. For me and most of the families I know....not excited. Maybe you should meet with constituents at a live town hall and find out. #DonorsonlySteveDaines
You andND your tax cut are nothing but a scam.  Your a joke
Dear GOD!!! You are SO full of shit.
Next year we'll have to start paying back the $1.9 billion you borrowed for the tax cut for billionaires.

Tell that to the Montanans who will be out of a job soon. @herbergers
Looking forward to the year after that, when the private jet maintainance deduction goes away.
You mean pro growth for big industry not individuals and small business like the small one or two truck mom and pop trucking companies that are being crushed by the ATA and now @realDonaldTrump
Fake News Stevie.
You must not think n much about the future of your children and grandchildren.
Fucking tool.
I think it would be great if you could quit taking money from Big pharma, they didn’t vote you in, Montanans did,
Daines...we see through you. Lies. Bye bye. 2020
Real good for corporations and for increasing the debt. Doesn't seem so great for the USA and the average citizen. Especially in the long run.

Corker: Any GOP senator who doesn't have concerns about Trump is either comatose or blind http://hill.cm/GZx1Vlo  
2019 - GOP tax return
And are you rolling out postcards for taxes? Paul Ryan promised we could do our taxes on postcards. Surely he wasn't lying, was he?
@SenateGOP can we ALL refuse to pay our taxes like the President?
Looking forward to more trillion dollar deficits!
Or Not #GOPTaxBillScam

You are so darn charismatic you can convince us that Republican sh#t smells like roses.
Thanks. Great Job. Stay Strong!
you know damn well this new tax plan does nothing good for anyone except you and your handlers.
I don't understand why you keep tweeting. Every response is negative. Who is your social media manager?

We already know your cut steve. By all means keep promoting it- keep ppl really angry till nxt November.  #VoteThemOut2018
We can all look forward to paying more than our fair share of takes so the filthy rich can have their trillion dollar tax decrease.   #GOPTaxScam   #WEARENOTSTUPID
I call bullshit
any minute now, regular people will benefit..instead of those rich corporations that appear to be getting all the breaks.
Steve, you're lying to the people of Mt. This is that old trickle down hog wash again. Montana don't buy this load of crap.
Yeah, we middle classes are really gonna rake it in. Lol
...and we can look forward to having to raise taxes again in the near future - to start digging this country out of the insane financial hole the GOP just threw us in.
Thanks for that, by the way.
#FakeConservatism #FakeConservative
