Nobody has benefited from this latest tax reform. It doesn’t supplant the current tax code till next year.
Nope, Capping SALT and limiting CTC to <17 will hurt many. So don’t be surprised if former GOP strongholds like CA45 vote Blue in Nov. 
BTW I didn’t even mention the total unfairness of this favoring 1%ers an creating even more loopholes like #corkerkickback for Mr. Deficit Hawk
Here's my story: U cut my medicare, medicaid, social security & u raised the deficit over a trillion to give more perm tax cuts to the richest.  That made it harder for me to retire. U screwed generations to come that will have to pay the debt u caused.
Nope, Im not rich or a corporation.  Change this awful law to also help the middle class.
You mean.. Are you one of the millionaire Americans benefiting from the Tax cuts for extremely wealthy people...

AGAIN.  PROUD?  "Very bad public embarrassment for Pres Trump to not invite both parties Cong leaders to State Dinner for Macron. Terrible precedent. Foreign Policy must be American Policy ...not partisan warfare."
I live in Connecticut so im screwed anyway.
Your profile say's #MAGA, so... whats the problem?
I live in communist connecticut....thats the problem
You should have voted @HillaryClinton
LOL....rather get cancer. Thanks.
Deutch Bank laid off 400, Siemans 125, Lockheed Martin 200, Bell Helicopter 120, Mylan 500, Wells Fargo 593, Qualcomm 1000, GM 1,500. Our story is you gave yourselves tax breaks, we're losing jobs & healthcare and our children will be paying YOUR bills.
Health care up 15% gas up 4% and still going up food prices up 8%  across the board vote republicans vote for higher prices
"Just so you know:
Christopher Wylie, the Cambridge Analytica whistleblower, was on Capitol Hill today to speak to the House Judiciary Comm. NONE of the Republicans showed up.  This is totally unacceptable!" WHO ARE YOU REALLY? Thttps://politi.co/2HMcNUx

During a 2015 overseas trip, White House physician Ronny Jackson drunkenly banged on the hotel room door of a female employee, sources say https://cnn.it/2Jp7lEq  

My husband has been disabled for 8 years. 5 years ago I couldn’t adequately care for him & he’s lived in assistant living facility which costs me approximately $70,000 per year. I itemize and medical bills keep increasing. Some of my deductions are limited. I’ll pay more! Unfair!
I have no paycheck bc I got laid off by a huge company benefitting from your tax legislation. This is the first year of my life that I owe taxes. Also no healthcare. Thanks #GOPTaxScam !
$44 that I donate to various causes/candidates to do my part to ensure this never happens again!  Complicit old men do not represent the masses.
It is not what you did for me, it is what you did for these 8 men. Warren E. Buffet, gates, 
Carlos Slim Helú,
Jeff Bezos, 
Mark Zuckerberg, 
Lawrence J. Ellison, 
Michael R. Bloomberg
Robbing people blind. That is what you are doing. A gift to the mega rich. Thx for nothing jerks!
You should also want to hear the stories of people that HAVE NOT benefited. Since you represent ALL Americans you need to hear from them as well not just those that will perpetuate your sham of a tax break.
My story is that I received #Crumbs, not worth the trouble.  Want to help the people suspend the Payroll taxes for 4 years, do something about these freaking gasoline prices that keep going up.  That's how you can help the people.
Once upon a time the Senate GOP tried to work with Senate Dems and vice versa.  Today only some GOP Senators make any effort to pay attention to Dem colleagues.  What has happened to our Democracy?   Are you people actually proud of the fact that you cannot work with others?
Picking fresh cherries, are we? 

We all know your aim is to use this to distract from the fact that you tanked the corporate tax rate, and thus, one of the only sources of revenue to sustain us through multiple wars and a nationwide debt crisis. Meanwhile, the rich pocket more $
How many of you did not benefit from the tax cuts? How many of you did not get bonuses or pay raises? How many of you got laid off? Let the Republicans and Democrats know.
Despite the fact that @Lowes got a corporate tax cut, the one in East Brunswick, NJ is still understaffed and still has shitty customer service. 

Just saying.
Are you one of the millionaires in America benefiting from the #GOPTaxScam? Whether lining your pockets or Trump's, it's BS.
Senate Republicans approved of budgets that now have America running trillion dollar deficits. 
These treasonous conservative liars cannot bankrupt the Federal Gov't fast enough.
I can finally afford a Costco membership now! Thanks @SenateGOP

my grocery bill up because produce is up, gas prices up, paycheck not much different because I'm not one of your billionaires, & the DEFICIT is WAY UP.  'fairer' taxes is BULL  #GOPCorruption
@AnnCoulter Tax Cut fine but you sold us out with Omnibus Spending and nothing for the Wall. In Nov vote M I C K E Y Mouse ! You have 6 monthe to pass Kates law, stop illegal alien invasion or Go Mickey !
Retired with small pension, SS and 401 k. More concerned about illegal alien invaders & socialism influence to country. I remember Kate Steinle & will remember in Nov.  You have 6 months to fix or Mickey Mouse gets Vote
The change are well intended however the benefits disproportionatly go to the Uber wealthy and corps. I'm a professional, my wife is a teacher, the160 bucks more i get a month barely covers a week of groceries for a family of 5.

OMG! Just STOP already! NON-STOP PROPAGANDA & LIES! Don't believe a word of it. Their CONSTANT plugging & cheer-leading should tell you how much of a Middle Class FAILURE this Tax SCAM truly is. HERE is the TRUTH! This Tax SCAM will KILL the Middle Class!
This millionaire revealed his tax return to show just how much the GOP tax law favors the rich 

A massive wave is building: Democrat @SteveSternNY took New York's 10th Assembly District Tuesday night by double digits, winning a seat that has been in @GOP hands for over three decades. http://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/384746-dems-flip-new-york-state-seat-that-republicans-have-held-for-three-decades#.WuBRpdL8CAs.twitter … #RedToBlue #DemWave
What a bunch of crap. Most Americans will not benefit and you guys know it. Do your jobs and impeach the imbecile that’s ruining our country 

Billionaires & corporations are making out like bandits under the #GOPTaxScam. Since passage of the bill, we've seen $260 BILLION in stock buybacks, and the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office says by…
P. S. No raise given this year to any of our employees. 1st time in ten years!!!!!
Nope you dopes!! I may pay less in taxes but pay 10X more in Gas, Food, Clothing, etc.!!!!! 

AMERICANS ARE FOOLED AND ITS BIG CORPORATIONS AND THE 1% RICH WHO ARE BENEFITING!!!!

WAKE UP AMERICA!!!!!
Yes, yes I am, thank you
Serious question.    Do you guys not worry about the deficit?     And taking away retirement and social security from seniors is NOT the answer.   You literally took our money for our entire working life promising a retirement pension.    That unacceptable.
LIARS.  TRAITORS!
The tax reform saved me 16K. The dems have never done anything but tax me more. Tax and spend that’s all the dems know to do!!!
Have not seen a penny you liars. In fact, quite the opposite.
Find a true story and a true nominee GOP.
I am losing more money each month, due to the weight of taxes I’m right in the middle where taxes are high enough but I don’t have enough deductions to compensate the losses... what’s unique if I made 17k less a year I would make 2k more a year due to taxes
Not here in the Northeast hence why we are going to #VoteBlueNoMatterWho besides all you @GOP are complacent in standing up to the rogue corrupt @POTUS and more importantly GREEDY - we need #TermLimits
My story. You guys are bunch of crooks
Not really benefiting from your tax reform, but all of your jacking around with health care is killing my bottom line.
No way am I benefiting. Paid more taxes prices are rising as wealthy greedy corporations rise prices costing average Americans more than any tax cut  liars
My paychecks have increased enough to make a noticeable difference.   I hope I see more improvements with the new exemptions when I file taxes next year.
I sure as hell am!!
You will only get BS and Russian bots. You are fooling no one.
No difference in this area.
80 bucks extra back per paycheck... it helps tremendously #TaxReform #MAGA
Nothing positive has come from your deficit building tax cuts. You guys govern as you’d expect unprepared children to.
