Did you know that you protected all of corporate welfare's tax deductions, but not the average American's tax deductions. Good job, scabies. @SenateDems don't let them off the hook for this crap.
We don’t believe you!  Lies
Maybe, but I also know those folks likely paid the penalty because the cost of healthcare in the US is highest in the world!  Except for you politicians - you get it free for life.  Make basic healthcare a right for everyone, not a commercial enterprise that is profit driven.
Move to a socialist country
The #GOPTaxScam is an assault on the middle class!
Repubs take a real issue, exploit it & then create a "solution" that benefits the wealthy, corporations, themselves. #RepubsAreOrganizedCrime. HOW MANY MORE HOMELESS PEOPLE DO YOU WANT?
That was a underhanded way to try and undercut the viability of the ACA.
Finally, a benefit, albeit one which only comes from removing a heinous blackmail in support of the Health Insurance Ponzi Scheme.
You mean like Obama giving our taxpayer money to fund an Albanian socialist leaders money fund!!  Yeah, George Soros helped him pick out who to give the American taxpayers money to and not tell us that it went for a socialist Albanian liter$$$
Again, it is not taxpayer money which is given. The process is as follows:
Congress passes a bill.
Congress appropriates money for said bill out of what is in the Treasury.
The Executive branch spends said money, up to the amount appropriated.

The taxpayer is not there at all.
They have no money except taxpayer money
Actually, no. Money is created by the federal government and by private banks.
Hardworking Americans have not forgotten tax cuts was a giveaway to your donors? Trump and his family and corporations who had tons of money.  Added 1.5 trillion to our deficit.
Bull. Shit.
Repeal Rent Control Preemption. Lower rent. More money in pocket for lower income. Average rent takes almost 1/3 rd take home pay
You know you are lying here, right?  I think you're probably not stupid, which means you think the voters are stupid.  

@SenateGOP have stolen $ TRILLIONS from We The People.
WE NEED AN INTERNET BILL OF RIGHTS. GOOD CAMPAIGN ISSUE. Beat the DEMs. to this issue.
Your lying and it has been taken off 2019
What is the Senators working on, appointees or Border Control Bill or budgets bill that needs reduction!
Republicans should boycott CNN ABC
If you idiots are planning on supporting trump while he breaks the law, we will abolish the Republican Party. You work for the wealthy, you borrowed $1 trillion and didn’t use it for any Americans other than the wealthy WHO WILL PAY BACK-now the Dem Party can be the far right
Your tax scam is driving the surge to vote Trumpublicans OUT on 11/6. You are the party of the 1%, not the people.
Piranha Mueller eating up taxpayers money.A previously published document shows expenses of Corrupt Mueller Counsel’s Office from  5/17/17- 9/30/17 total was $3,213,695 nearly a million dollars per month. DOJ Refuses to Release Mueller’s Budget Proposal
An NBC poll that came out today that shows that only 27% like your tax scam, everyone else does not.
After the Omnibus Bill and bombing Syria, I can guarantee a Democrat Senate and House! I’m not vote for anyone who betrays their base and America!
GOP keeps trying to push the positiveness of their tax cuts for the middle class. We're a lot smarter than u think. We know the major portion went to the rich and corporations no matter how u try to spin it. You've lost ur credibility. #VoteThemOut2018.
Don't you have better things to do, than lie?  Get our "representatives" under control and have them do their job.
#TaxCutPonziScheme only supports the wealthy top2% of #Americans #MAGA . 85% of Corps have used their huge tax breaks on Stock BuyBack plans not wages & jobs. Those offering bonuses cut jobs.
my daughter makes 1000 a month and is getting LESS $$ NOW! TRUMP SUCKS
Instead people making50000.00 working for small business can't affor hea;th insurance . Great job. Your master plan of turning the earth into total Helll is falling into place. Perhaps the pit will open when you do not expct it 
#goptaxscam
Again w/ lame hawking #GOPTaxScam . We all know vast bulk is going to Corp shareholders; new jobs 1/3 of expected last month. Meanwhile Admin a dumpster fire while @GOP is silent/complicit. You do realize your tweets are pathetic, right?
this is so far from being truthful.
No individual mandate = Many healthy peple will not buy insurance. So, who pays for the sick?    Answer: Higher cost for everyone else! Thanks @GOP !
fools
Repeal the Windfall Act
IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT HAPPENED IN 2015! YOU'RE SCREWING US IN 2018!!! The TAX CUT SCAM ONLY WORKS FOR THE RICH & CORPS!!!
#Propaganda
@GOP #GutOurPeople
Did you know that you are completely full of malarkey?

#TaxScamBill #GOPTaxScam
Just read where 18 major US Corporations paid, what for it, ZERO TAXES last year.  So why do they need a massive tax cut?  Welcome to the corporations over people Republican party.
You forgot to mention the impact of your orgy of debt.
Very true!
#MedicareForAll

Tell your auto and home insurance donors we are not required to purchase that either?
This is the ONLY redeeming thing about this bill.
where is the post card? You couldn’t even tell the truth about something that simple. Why believe anything you say?
Did you know that hard-working Americans will be fed crumbs from the GOP tax plan, while richest 1% get full loaves & our kids will be saddled with this debt for years?
Absolutely correct. This is another example of why we will vote the GOP out.
More #Propaganda from the newest version of the #nazi party
It’s hilarious that you spineless traitors are trying brand this is a big help to the lower class. $40 a paycheck...woohoo! GFY
your lying. doubled standard deduction, almost doubled child tax credit, rate cuts for all and first 24k NOT taxable (used to be 12k). All helps low and middle.  That is way trump will win again.
no
BS on fake tax scam.
your lying. doubled standard deduction, almost doubled child tax credit, rate cuts for all and first 24k NOT taxable (used to be 12k). All helps low and middle.  That is way trump will win again.
How many of those hit by the tax lived in Republican states?
your lying. doubled standard deduction, almost doubled child tax credit, rate cuts for all and first 24k NOT taxable (used to be 12k). All helps low and middle.  That is way trump will win again.
Here's the actual truth about 'Individual Mandate':

http://onourwatch.news/2018/03/30/aca-aka-obamacare-personal-mandate/ …
#Trump 2017 #JOBS are #Obama jobs
your chart  is bush and obama genius.
We are not buying your lies.   The #GOPTaxScam is a massive giveaway (entitlement) to the rich at the expense of the poor.    #WEARENOTSTUPID
your lying. doubled standard deduction, almost doubled child tax credit, rate cuts for all and first 24k NOT taxable (used to be 12k). All helps low and middle.  That is way trump will win again.
Still trying to sell this? My only pity is for the poor intern that has to keep tweeting this garbage out.
your lying. doubled standard deduction, almost doubled child tax credit, rate cuts for all and first 24k NOT taxable (used to be 12k). All helps low and middle.  That is way trump will win again.
At best it's a lie
your lying. doubled standard deduction, almost doubled child tax credit, rate cuts for all and first 24k NOT taxable (used to be 12k). All helps low and middle.  That is way trump will win again.
Yeah, just about everyone in this shit-hole country makes less than 40K per year.  And you are doing everything you can to strip us of dignity and money.
your lying. doubled standard deduction, almost doubled child tax credit, rate cuts for all and first 24k NOT taxable (used to be 12k). All helps low and middle.  That is way trump will win again.
@GOP is riding this train to the rocky bottom...
...and thus allowed the re-emergence of "pre-existing conditional denial for coverage" while allowing insurers to raise rates w/out check...
One more reason #WeThePeople are coming for your jobs in November...

How the @GOP will distort facts to make their case.
"So in dollar terms, about 60 percent of the tax fell on people in that income range, not the 80 percent that Thune said."
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/nov/17/john-thune/sen-thune-individual-mandate-fine-falls-mainly-peo/ …

Got to look at your sources, people.











