


Yellen and other economists say tax cuts are blowing up the budget https://cnb.cx/2H6vfXQ 
More than 3,800 stores will close in 2018 — here's the full list
http://www.businessinsider.com/stores-closing-in-2018-2017-12 …
#TaxScamBill #BlueWaveComing2018 #VoteThemAllOut
Typical you would post this but not pay attention to how long these companies have been planning to shut these stores  down or what has caused it you probably still think that Circuit City is alive and well!
Really?
Well shove this up @realDonaldTrump arse
So you found an opinion that says what you wanted to hear, I can find opinions that say Obama crashed the economy or Bush did, Clinton did, Bush senior did, do you see the pattern or are you Blinded by the ignorance of the information that you're getting to have your own opinion?
Thanks for proving my point, you reposted/regurgitated with No Proof of Russian collusion, which is why they had to go to other things but please don't take my word for it check the facts and If being an ASS was against the law most ppl would be in jail! LOL

Hey, you found a black guy.

How do Republicans on the hill today feel about the Deputy National Finance Chair of the GOP being raided by the FBI?

The federal deficit is projected by the CBO to reach unprecedented levels for a Republican administration. https://www.axios.com/cbo-gop-policies-add-to-deficit-e2869ede-d2bc-4bc2-999c-63def7998a02.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=1100 … 

How the @GOP @SenateGOP  invests in people










During OBAMA'S first 444 days as President the stock market GAINED 32.5%

He NEVER bragged about it.

During TRUMP'S first 444 days as President the stock market GAINED 20.7%

Trump BRAGGED about it CONSISTENTLY

Obama was CLASSY & PRESIDENTIAL

THINGS TRUMP WILL NEVER BE
Wondering why Tim Scott is hell bent on hurting the African Americans in this country to line the pockets of his donors?
Gentrification does nothing but hurt the poor. Never worked, never will.
Lets hope only Senators who support the President get elected, sick of seeing members who support the swamp.
Don’t hold your breath!

Yet another wholesome post from the party of morals and family values.  #SAD
Vote for pompeo
#specialkindofstupid
#TaxScam ...scott, the trump prop!






“The national debt, which has topped $21 trillion, is expected to soar to more than $33 trillion in 2028. By then, debt held by the public will almost match the size of the nation’s economy...well past the level that economists say could court a crisis.” https://nyti.ms/2Hna41c 
The tax cuts to the wealthy helped the wealthy, correct.
What do lobbyists have to say about this?  Are they getting their cut?

Get real, Boy. You are a temporary fill in.
@SenatorTimScott come to Mullins & Marion for a cup of tears because our Federal Government stole jobs from families & shipped them outside the USA. Poor working people had to train their replacements then return home to an empty table. Trust government? Why should a hungry kid?
After 4 straight elections of @GOP @SenateGOP @NRSC @HouseGOP @NRCC promising to repeal Zerocare, I had *hope* the GOP would repeal Zerocare with control of House, Senate, & White House. Instead, GOP funded Zerocare & PlannedParenthood baby chop shops. GOP lied. @Federalist_USA
As long as "Investing in Opportunity" doesn't mean hiring hundreds if not thousands of government workers. We need to be shrinking the size and scope of government. Pass those savings on to programs that work and help.
LIARS.  You don't believe in opportunity for anyone but the wealthy.  And your voter base keeps drinking that bitter brew of lies, resentment of Other. You are all being traitorous, you know it and keep increasing your treason.
The new  @GOP  belief on Pro-life , having a baby after 9 months is WRONG! ( #Dotards )
“Right now in a number of states, the laws allow a baby to be born from his or her mother’s womb in the 9th month. It is wrong. It has to change.”
Babies are usually BORN at 9 months!  Trump made up crap about abortions at 9 months.
Really?! More GOP PROPAGANDA!!!!! Listen up Americans! Don't fall for these LIES! The GOP rule of thumb (lead by their so called "president"), say something (lies) enough times, they'll start to believe you! DON"T FALL FOR IT! Learn the TRUTH!!!!!






Try investing in supporting the President.
I could only hope that you idiots stop doing what you’re doing and stop screwing over the country, not one of you have the right to be where you are, all you doing is screwing us all over, the only people that are benefiting are the ones that have billions or millions of dollars
Republicans pretending to"invest in people" is an outrage. You fought for years to destroy health care, you obstructed to include a SCOTUS nominee, and you sit silently by as an unfit POTUS destroys the country. 11/6!
What the hell does that mean. Simple working scum have a tough time  translating your “code”.
This is one republican I love. A lot don't stand with the President. Still they are better than corrupt Democrats that are turning American into ONE BIG ILLEGAL COUNTRY DEVOID of American values, traditions & Democracy!
You better gear up for a fight in 2018 mid elections.  The dems are on fire to take control of House so they can impeach President Trump.

What opportunity? The part of fiscal responsibility is irresponsible and reckless with taxpayer’s money
Yes, investing in people was a great business until Lincoln came along! That was back in the day when Republicans were evil for taking away the opportunity to invest in people. Luckily they have come to their senses and are looking backwards, not forwards for Opportunities.
Yes, because if corporations are people than money is human!  But it doesn’t get mad when you stick it in a dark place and forget to feed it. And when it gets old it gets stronger not like your annoying parents who get more needy and take all your money for stupid s—- like food.
I hope Tim Scott runs for POTUS come 2024. Our country needs someone strong and who truly cares for the well being of Americans. #YouHaveMyVote
#PashtunLongMarch2Peshawar
2018 may be known as the year of store closures.
Everyone’s investments are tanking because of our dangerously incompetent POTUS and his yes-men #ChampagneCabinet because there is absolutely NO oversight from our #ComplicitGOP. The #BlueWave2018  can’t come soon enough.
Really?! More GOP PROPAGANDA!!!!! Listen up Americans! Don't fall for these LIES! The GOP rule of thumb (lead by their so called "president"), say something (lies) enough times, they'll start to believe you! DON"T FALL FOR IT!
@GOP running lousy candidates. What's wrong w/#GOP?   You don't even promote The Good Work.
I’ll tell you what - make a motion to confirm @realDonaldTrump picks and I will believe you
Nice positive message. Refreshing. Sounds sincere. Wishing you many blessings on your reelection.
Unfortunately, trump has turned this investment opportunity into one of investing in automation.
LOL you misspelled corporations investing in the GOP to make them richer.

What this shows is you have one guy who seems to have a small interest in helping poor communities. One guy, out of 4
50.
Don’t hire Americans than u just adding outlaws! Degree verification required for all! Match i9 to birth certificate facts are outrageous @usedgov arrest Teachers union of Randal ©®all funds belong in property ownership rights. Failure to follow Federal requirements.
@Oprah due to discussion of discrimination charges! Confused about her own birth certificate! Pull unlicensed healthcare services place in USA via academic accreditation standards! Africa will check the same©®All unlicensed /identity thieves are b captured. @CIA
What do your comments mean?
Trump is a fraud. He scammed 1000s of students at his “University”. Trump belongs in jail.
Investing in people?  Tell that to the citizens in Flint, MI.  Tell it to the citizens in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.  Tell it to the citizens who watched their jobs be outsourced overseas while Coporate America overwhelmingly invested in stock buy backs...
Senator Scott is one of the good guys!!
That is why he needs to stand up against the GOP SWAMPERS in OUR White House!
Is that why the GOP reps aren't showing up for their their constituents town hall meetings, because you're investing in your community or just taking us all for our tax money. You're the only one getting richer along with trump & PUTIN!!!
Yes, you have given hope to that idle rich and the corporations that they can might be able to avoid paying any taxes at all.   TIm Scott ALWAYS looking out for the rich.   http://politicsthatwork.com/voting-record/Tim-Scott-412471 …
Senator Tim Scott is doing an outstanding job. He represents America & South Carolina well.
