Stolen. Voting against every republican in November. The GOP deserves the coming tsunami.
Not stolen. Quit being a drama queen.
How was it not stolen?
SCOTUS seats do not belong to anyone and the Senate is under no obligation to hold hearings, much less confirm a POTUSs nominee.
By the way, exactly zero people on the planet believe you would be saying any of this had the shoe been on the other foot
The Dems actually can do it if they wanted to. But like with the GOP it’s something that they shouldn’t do. Still, the option is there.
...so you agree it is without precedent and something you “shouldn’t do”. What was your point again?
It wasn’t stolen.
Stolen.
Yeah.
It wasn’t stolen. Quit being a drama queen.
It was stolen.  Quit being an ass.
It wasn’t stolen. I’m speaking facts here.
It was stolen.  So am I.
I don’t think that you understand how things work up there.
Judge Garland's seat.  You should be deeply ashamed, rather than gloating. I know I'm deeply ashamed that you represent my home state (although to my credit, I never voted for you).
Not his seat. Garland isn’t entitled to one.
President Obama was entitled to nominate him, absolutely. McConnell wouldn't even bring it to a vote. You can ignore that if you want, but history will not judge him kindly.
Obama was entitled to nominate a nominee, but that nominee isn’t entitled to a hearing by the Senate. If anything, the seat wasn’t stolen, though you could say the process was dirty like I would, even though I like Gorsuch.
by obstructing & then changing rules, you must be so proud slimy 
he is awfully slimy isn't he?
Merrick Garland.   Karma's a bitch and she's looking you in the eye.  How those confirmations going?
A stolen seat
stolen
The day you stole a seat and sealed your fate in the midterms.
stolen seat that belongs to the Democratic #POTUS when Trump Pence are removed from office does this make #gorsuch illegitimate?
The Supreme Court seat you stole from Garland. You revel in your evil deeds. You’re all going down.
After you ILLEGALLY blocked hearings on Obama's nomination.
Will you please put a stop to Trump's tweets.  He is going to be the cause of World War III .  His actions need to be stopped and there should be consequences to what he tweets
It's democrats that are going to cause wwiii along with the globalist who want a wwiii. Democrats & globalist have been drooling at the mouth for a war with Russia. Where have you been? 
Pouring one out for Merrick Garland today
No apparently presidents stop working about a week into their presidency now
Why can't you #ConfirmGrenell to be our #ambassador to #Germany? @RichardGrenell is a great choice and deserves a vote!
MAGA  ! !
Except this wasn’t theft at all.
Yes, it was. He unilaterally decided to halt the constitutionally prescribed process for filling a Supreme Court vacancy and admitted that he did so to benefit his political party. It was a theft and a betrayal of the public trust.
WTF! Man, do you emotional juveniles ever get tired of whining!? 'SHOCKER'! Someone in Washington didn't play fair. SWTFU
Yeah they didn’t play fair, with OUR government. I’m sorry you don’t get why it’s sorta a big deal that our constitutionally elected officials defied the constitutionally written procedure, so they could stack the deck in their favor.

Imagine if it had been dems doing this?
Which time? You just come out of a safe place somewhere! It's called the Swamp, government for the governors, then get you to carry their water. For f@ck sake, stop whining!
The government getting swampier while controlled by the people claiming they want to drain the swamp.

But no we don’t have a right to complain when we are cheated out of our government.
That's about it since Trump was elected. And you had to cheat to do it.
Literally all the @GOP has done is cheat to win. Gerrymandering. Refusing to allow various positions to be filled during the Obama presidency. Voter suppression. And SCOTUS. The insane amount of corruption in the trump admin. History will judge them and their supporters harshly
Try winning an election sometime.  You can’t  blame the republicans for everything
Did you read my tweet?
Yeah you said gop cheated. But both parties gerrymander.
You really stuck it to the country, Mitch, with your tax cuts for the wealthy.  #ProtectMuellerNOW  You know 45 is openly trying to figure out a way to fire him directly or indirectly.  Allow the Senate to vote on measures to protect Mueller and our country.
Let a vote come to the floor. You are putting this country and its people last
Protect Mueller.
How does it feel that you are loyal to a president whose personal attorney is under criminal investigation?
Should I care?  Both Clintons were disbarred.  Also Hilary was fired for investigating Nixon..
Just quit smoking crack and speaking Russian
I'd rather speak Russian than Muslim.
Living in the past; how many years in dog years; seven. Senator, you shot President Obama in the heart so casually. Refused to help first responders from 9-11 get health benefits even when you met people face to face. I see you leaving our country in your wifes' jets, soon.
And so the US Constitution was raped. Thanks for the memory.
Our entire country has walked funny for a year... 
#GorsuchBoughtbuyGOP
Lol no.
Beware November.
can't fix stupid...
He shouldn't have been
Thank you @adamcbest for fixing this tweet.
Stolen!
Sure, because you caved in to Fat Boy and went with the nuclear option ensuring that forever the Supreme Court will be yet another partisan element of government.  So sad how gutless and short-sighted you and your colleagues were on this.
You stole the seat from #MerrickGarland. Orrin Hatch recommended Garland as #SCOTUS to #Obama. But that’s all you have is #GOPTaxScam and Gorsuch. Tax cuts will add $1.9T to deficits by 2028. We now know that Republicans aren’t fiscally responsible.
since Reagan:

--all 3 GOP presidents left Oval Office w/higher deficits than when they walked in…
STOLEN SEAT!
Just in case we need a reminder of how McConnell justifies propping up a criminal, illegitimate president. He got to keep his stolen #SCOTUS seat. He has destroyed the integrity of the US Senate. @SenateFloor
You're so proud aren't you...History won't be kind.

With a seat you stole.
I hope you're getting what you paid for.
We are angry that you're allowing mueller to usurp our presidents powers & you are allowing them to act like a gestapo. Now your buddies are trying to push wwiii for no reason positive for USA. We need our gov to work for OUR DEMANDS! WE ARE THE USA CITIZENS. You work for US!
FOREVERMORE

Stolen seat. You were the Coward who made it happen. It was one of the most embarrassing and obstructionist displays of racism and open air corruption I've ever seen. #Resist #ImpeachTrump #VoteThemOut2018
Big fucking deal.  You changed the fucking rules to get one fucking thing done!
He got Harry Reid’s blessing.
Stealing a Supreme Court seat will be your lasting legacy. You will go down in history as one of the most corrupt senators to ever stink up the halls of congress.
You stole that seat.  Stop letting Trump kill our democracy or GTFO!
That seat wasn’t stolen.
Oh really???  I'll disagree with you on that!
The thing is, Garland didn’t own the seat. He never owned it. Seat was not stolen.
You must be so proud of stealing a Supreme Court seat 
STOLEN PICK. Treasonous.
Not stolen.
Not really his seat.
Stolen seat you ethically challenged asshat. Theft and collusion isn’t anything to be proud of.
Not stolen.
You done equal, if not more, damage to our democracy then Donald Trump.
You are a foul human being, Mitch McConnell. If there is a God, and I doubt it, but if there is, he is not going to welcome you into heaven.
You don’t believe in a God, yet play a God as if you were the ultimate arbiter.
I have an opinion. It has nothing to with god or arbitration.
YOU STOLE THIS SEAT. Gorsuch is as illegitimate as @realDonaldTrump
Not stolen. Gorsuch is legit.
Disagree.
Putin’s pick
Nope. Gorsuch was a good pick. Not a fan of the process though.
Gorsuch is an aweful pick, he’s a pro corporate shill
This should be “to your everlasting shame”. That’s Merrick Garland’s seat you perverted the confirmation process to cheat him of.
Not his seat. Seats aren’t an entitlement to any body.
The President is entitled to have his nomination voted upon. Perhaps McConnell’s argument would have had some weight if it had been after the election. But his actions set a bad precedent which may come back to haunt the Republicans someday.
You claimed it was Garland’s seat. It wasn’t.
It should have been. He is a moderate with no scandals to his name. A family member who went to school with him said he was a truly good, intelligent man. If there were any bipartisanship in Congress, he would be there in place of Gorsuch.
STOLEN SEAT. Like the past two presidential elections.

Honey, you ain't just out of step, you are just tripping up the stairs at this point. 
You are a pox on this country and history will not be kind to you, you evil Kochsucker
This was one of the darkest days for USA. THe day you and your bribee cronies rushed through a confirmation where the confirmee's statement was PLAGIARIZED! Did you care? Not al all. That dipshit thug no more belongs on SCOTUS than you do in senate! RETIRE!
When I thought I couldn’t despise you more, you tweet this garbage. Cannot wait until you’re gone. #Useless #Corrupt #Traitor
Feel like half my freedoms have been taken away
You stole it
We was robbed.
Bragging rights end when POTUS fires Mueller, because McConnell in future will stand for the man who allowed Watergate II. Protect Mueller and investigation with new law; preserve SCOTUS bragging rights.
and all you had to do was burn down American democracy and irreversibly destroy the norms that govern the institution you occupy.
It was not an accomplishment to be celebrated if the seat was stolen.
This seat was not trumps to choose, it was President Obama's.
My first vote in 1964 was for Goldwater. I grew up in Arizona and deeply admire Senators Goldwater and McCain for their Statesmanship, love of country and values I hold. I urge you to enact veto-proof legislation to protect Special Prosecutor Mueller so the truth is known.
Confirmed dingus.
#STOLEN!!!

WE WILL NOT FORGET YOUR TACTICS @SenateMajLdr ignoring #JusticeGarland!!!

2018/2020
History will remember that day. You will not be recognized in a favorable light. #stolenjustice
Disgusting. You should be ashamed, not proud of undermining our constitution.
This is great, but what happened to all the other nominees that your suppose to confirm for the president. It has been a year and the President is working short staffed, Obama or the other presidents didn't have to wait this long DO YOUR JOB get those other nominees confirmed.
#VoteDemocrat #IRAQ #War #TheResistance #FollowbackResistance #BlueWave #NeverAgain
#SCOTUS #GOPCriminals #GOPCrimeOrganization #GOPCorruption #MerrickGarland #GOPLies #BlueWave #VoteDemocrat

@SenateMajLdr @ChuckGrassley @SenThomTillis @LindseyGrahamSC @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader 

I support @ForTheRuleOfLaw. It is time to #ProtectMueller — your jobs…
You've got some nerve ...
Your refusal to hold a hearing for a qualified candidate was unethical and Gorsuch will always have an asterisk by his name. You are proud for betraying your responsibility and playing dirty tricks. Shame. Wake up KY.

#DitchMitch
I pray that GOD will descend from Heaven and smite you! Too bad I'm an atheist and don't believe that crap! You racist fool!
But Gorsuch is not enough anymore. But nice try.
Suggest you talk yo Trump or you'll be out of the Leader role.  If he touches Rosenstein or interferes with the investigation, you'll see a Democratic voting storm in November "the likes you've never seen before."  Beware
https://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/exclusive-handwritten-notes-appear-to-back-comey-claims-on-trump-1207929923864 … you traitor.
Merrick fucking garland you asshole
McConnell your leadership has failed us, protect #Mueller now.
The stolen Supreme Court seat!! The bill to protect a truth searching investigation needs to be brought to the floor! What are you trying to hide?? If there’s no criminal activity why would you not? And where did Jared get $$ for 666?
Good now confirm the rest!!!
Hope you know you cheated your way to your so-called proudest life achievement. Some patriot.
What about the other appointments, which have not been confirmed?
FUCK YOU CURLY!
Confirmed choice of a man who conspired with a known foreign adversary to undermine democracy in the United States of America. If this "Justice" cared about justice, he would resign.
why ? !! 177 nominees not approved !! .. very WEAK !! 
Let Senate bill S1741 come up for a vote.  Do the right thing.
Travesty. Stolen seat.
You obstructed democracy and will be gone 11/6/18. You’ve proven to be a disgrace to all of us!
And the world is a sadder place because of it.
GFY Mitch. And while you’re at it start looking for your spine and your neck.
The spending bill was a betrayal for all us @gop out here. Boo.  BTW you should be on Trump’s side not #Witchhunt Mueller. #tcot #tlot
A seat stolen, an it was orchestrated our of pure evil to steal the seat from American voters.

"Senate Colleagues - There are 100 folks who need to be confirmed and we will stay until the job is done"
Stop it stop trump from firing Mueller
For shame, traitor
Yep. It was a great day!
You're a mean one Mr. McConnell.
Stolen seat
While a great outcome, it's your only noteworthy accomplishment.  You are a loser who really needs to go to the dogtrack with McCain.  Take your wife with you - maybe you can open a Chinese dogtrack.  You and @PRyan betrayed the base with the porkulus bill.  Go away Mitch.
You are poison to our democracy.
One year ago today McConnell took illegal Russian money and provided cover for Trump's caper?
Hoping someone is praying for your soul.  I certainly am not.
You mean stolen.
Stolen seat.
Addison Mitchell McConnell Jr. will henceforth be remembered as the man who ignored his oath to uphold and defend the constitution, to serve his own personal ideological interests and the interests of his political party by stealing the constitutional right of a U.S. President.
He also refused to sign off on the letter which would have alerted registered voters to the meddling of the Russians in our election.
Once Trump is locked up  Gorsuch is out on his ass.
What are you doing about all of Trumps other nominees? Lead or resign McConnell. We need republicans who will help Trump fulfill his promises!
Credit go to Trump mostly.
TRAITOR TO THE USA
McConnell refuses to allow vote on bill to protect Mueller http://hill.cm/seBdIhz  
Need to hold the Sennate. Several more opportunities probable in next several years. Can’t afford to lose this opportunity.

Oh you vile little worm.
More. Faster please.
The country is on the brink of a constitutional crisis.  Be the leader America needs and have the courage to do what you know is right. #ProtectMueller #ProtectRosenstein
You steal a SCOTUS Seat and brag about it? How did you know A R would win?
Congrats for undermining congressional procedure for political partisan gain and then bragging about it.  You should not pat yourself on the back for willful obstructionism.
Should never have happened. You owed Merrick Garland an up or down vote. You’re guilty of #malpractice
Let get his other nominees confirmed too!!!!! Stop dragging your feet McConnell!!!!
One of your many high crimes.
you will all fall.
The nail that put the gop in the coffin for good. #stolenscotus we will not forget #BlueWave2018 #BlueTsunami #VoteThemOut2018
STOLEN
Yes and look what you are allowing to happen to the @TheJusticeDept #FBI and our entire National Security Family. This is disgraceful. If you refuse to lead, step aside. #ImpeachTrumpPence  #TheResistance #SaveAmerica #VoteThemOut2018
True Americans will never forget.
Please explain your refusal to allow a vote on a bill to protect the Special Council? How does this serve the American people? What is wrong with you?
Literally "But Gorsuch" huh Mitch?
That’s a stolen seat. You vile monster.
STOLEN
STOLEN
STOLEN
STOLEN
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 
STOLEN 

#BlueWave2018 
Expect us. 
Celebrating a stolen S crrt seat? Right b4 trmp takes actions tht U refuse to stop to protect the rule of law. He decimates any future 4 the repub party. U refuse to protect the rule of law; U refused hearings on the rightful owner of that seat, E Garland R deserve to lose it all
Can you please pass a bill that will protect Mueller? Doing so wouldn't grant Mueller any more power, it would just ensure that he can carry out his investigation to the most thorough extent possible. I don't see why that's so much to ask for.
Now get off your ass and do more!!! Confirm the trump appointees
Sad day, plus you broke the rules of 60 votes.
No time to waste reflecting on your golden oldies at the moment, @SenMajLdr. American democracy requires immediate protection by passing the bills already introduced to protect the Special Counsel’s investigation.

Do that. If you do, you can tweet about that a year from now.
Stolen seat. History will remember. What you did is a disgrace to American democracy.

Where are the republicans now?  After an illegal search a seizure you all should be up in arms!!!!!!  You too will be voted out. Get on board or take the train.
Aren’t u proud ! You corrupt complicit tool
When r u and the go p going to fight for our president and why do u always cower to dems? Mueller , Eisenstein must be stopped
Thief
Great Job, Majority Leader! Other than the confirmation and tax bill, what is your other great accomplishments? How are you going to keep your job? How is @SpeakerRyan going to keep him job? We don't need another Democrat in either position!

So what!
Thx for that, McConnell.
Stolen. How do you sleep at night.  Wrong side of history.
The justice that should have been there:
BFD!
Traitor
Unfortunately, that's Merrick Garland's seat. #BlueWaveIsComing
Support POTUS and his agenda!!
I want to vomit...
Dark day in history
Soon the gop will be voted out  they will be rewarded for thier scams including confirming judges


When it's over, when the United States that you and I knew is dead, this guy -- this this dirty rotten son of a bitch right here -- will be the one most responsible. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/983846105594187776 …
One of many times you've violated you're oath to the constitution.
Remember when you made sure 44 couldn't appoint the SCOTUS?  I haven't.   #BlueWave baby.  It's coming your way.  Time for the turtle to sink back into his shell.
turncoat!
McConnell refuses to allow vote on bill to protect Mueller http://hill.cm/seBdIhz  
You crippled Congress for eight years with your win at any cost obsession to debase an african-american presidency.

Now you worship a racist game show host.
“STOLEN”
Fixed it for you....
Obstructionist!!
You will be remembered as one of the most dishonorable Senators. Your family will be ashamed forever. Congratulations.
Whats going on with trump, thier should be no way,  he can or his people can fire those investigating him, why arent you doing anything about this! Dont show us photo ops of last year, make sure trump is stopped or this party is ruined!
You stole a supreme court seat.
McConnell, congratulations on getting one thing done. Now yesterday the Gestapo raided @POTUS's Attorney's house, office and hotel room.  When are the so called @SenateGOP going stand like men and stop Mueller? Or is the Republican Party now nothing more than National Socialists?

Get to work! You should be ashamed of yourself as majority ldr. You have done nothing that you should be doing!


Make that 10.
#ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller  #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller  #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller






Because you hijacked an open seat for nearly an entire year in an unprecedented legal maneuver? BRAVO YOU CHAMPION OF THE CONSTITUTION 






Are you bragging about stealing Merrick Garldand's seat?  Way to show what an a$$ you are.



