Barbara Bush’s life was characterized by selfless dedication to the nation and to her family, multiple generations of which continue to serve the country they love. She will be missed. https://www.thune.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=4CE34571-62D8-4943-8B27-88CAD3A196AD …
Sending prayersfor President Bush's Family and Friends In Jesus Name.
Why
When, where, how, these are called Adverbs. Anymore questions?
Not ONE of you has an ounce of integrity or class that she had. Exactly NONE of you will do the right thing by standing up to the incredibly obvious and public criminal corruption that is the norm with Trump, his family, and his mis-Administration. The GOP is morally bankrupt.
So why have Republicans abandoned those ideals and now cower to a government that resembles a plutocracy, oligarchy, and autocracy led by a demagogue creating a kakistocracy.
selfless, dedicated, classy, principled.  characteristics gop have long abandoned.
Indeed she will be missed. More backbone than all you sexual assault loving vile traitors combined
Remembering this Barbara Bush moment: “I don’t know how women can vote for someone who said what [Trump] said about Megyn Kelly. It’s terrible...And money doesn’t buy everything. It’s accomplishments and what…
She hated Trump to this day.
Think hard about what you have allowed yourselves and your party to become.  Your hollow comments are meaningless.

And in the end she was disgusted by what the evil @GOP has become.
She had to have been disappointed with what your party has allowed this country to become.  It will take decades to restore your party. #cowards
She sure wishes you all would get back to the party you once were. Step up, stand up. Do something positive. And, for God's sake, impeach & indict this lying, cheating @POTUS!
If only your party had just a tiny amount of her in you. You're the antithesis of her.
McConnell finally having some balls and blocking the Mueller bill was great! That’s how you win in November, fighting for freedom and liberty
I don’t agree with you often but on this I completely agree.
