Important for sure. However the multitude of small and seasonal businesses that are at risk due to the inaction of the Trump administration and Sec Nielsen to raise the H2-B cap is a travesty! You risk losing my vote and thousands more this year if no action is taken!  #SaveH2B
Each Republican member who stands up and defends Pompeo is screaming, "I want to be defeated in the next election!" @ForeverLogical
whine, cry, blame, and screw american's. that is all the GOP does.
Learn how to use simple language and examples to shut down the Liberal crazies, Democrat Party is dead, if you lose the house or Senate, Republican Party is Dead,you r wrong on just about everything support our President, time for change,accountability, truth
You may call it obstruction... but with a clown car cabinet filled with inept, unqualified, corrupt appointees I'm glad someone seems to be trying to do due diligence on Pompeo
And of course there was no obstruction of a supreme court justice seat....#Hypocrisy
We are actually watching hearing re @EPAScottPruitt  as well as news of Ronny Jackson, @realDonaldTrump blunder of an interview w @FoxNews and criminal case against Michael Cohen. Way more to worry about. No propaganda on why market is flailing? Sad sad.
All of this propaganda surrounding your claims of obstruction are absurd. Do y'all not realize you should be creating a unifying message for the American people right now, rather than seeking to divide for minuscule political points?
Merrick Garland
Given your track record how in the world do you give these speeches with a straight face? Merrick Garland sends his regards.
Why is he not in service? We would be better off
YOU ARE ALL NEXT IN THE VICTORY OF THE HOLY PAX TERRA TAXIARCHY IN ITS JIHAD AGAINST THE REPUBLICANS THE COUNCIL AND ITS EVIL BIBLE.
Sure Senate Republicans! Keep putting Trump's unqualified people in office. THEY WILL ALL NEED TO GO ONCE TRUMP IS IMPEACHED!!!'
For a GOP Senate it's a total disgrace how so many of President Trump's staff picks haven't been confirmed. But you're quick to pass a bill protecting the job of Mueller who is on a coup mission  Senate is a disgrace
Can he last longer than Rex...?
Progressive are as emotional as fk while finger pointing and screaming to the sky. Th hypocrisy is nauseating. This is hurting our country. Plenty of skeletons in the dem closet. I was mad at rep when they did it to Obama but this is a whole new level of obstruction. Chicken litt
#hypocrites  
Don’t throw stones if you live in glass houses

Merrill Garland and Cassandra Butts
Congrats to Big Mike!!!  
Cut 100% of all government spending until we get to the bottom of this nonsense.
No, I'll be watching Sessions and Pruitt sweating.
Everyone replying to this tweet feel free to visit the SPLCenter's site & type Pompeo's name in the search, then pull up a chair because there is plenty to read.
Again Mike Pompeo is affiliated with hate groups. You guys know this. Its always my pleasure to spread the truth when you guys won't.
Neil Gorsuch, Neil Gorsuch, Neil Gorsuch. Because you GOP’ers won’t do your damn jobs, this is what we got! No oversight, gross incompetence. You all are toast in 2018/2020.
Amazing  you now make noise now after you do nothing about an unfit POTUS. 11/6! Oust the GOP.
Scott has to go, first we had Dr. Feel good passing out candy in that house and now we have Scott closing up in a phone both to talk in his office, what is that? what do he need a phone both in his office for? what is that?
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Democrats are winning the 2018 fundraising war
"Psychologists are working to change behavior among individuals, organizations and governments to help preserve the planet." APA 2018.  This 4th branch of govt is the root problem that is decaying individual thought and govt control over people by communist demoncrats
Merrick Garland you hypocrites
"Boo hoo.  It's so unfair that they're trying to do to us the exact same thing we do to them every chance we get."
Bored with the #PuppetShow.
Pretense of opposition, while the Donor$ pull the String$.
Obstruction?  Tell me again, which party holds the majority position in the Senate?
This #FailedCongress can't ever allow truth to speak for itself...
He is on record for his hatred to Arabs & his love of torture and now his secret business dealings which he did not disclose with China come to the forefront. GOP you are the swamp - you are driving people to the Dem voting booth.
it is necessary because i am a citizen and do not want pompeo confirmed
GOP Motto Of The Day
