Y’all just don’t get it, do you?
And you apparently do. Why not share your wealth of wisdom and knowledge.
Certainly. Pay attention to these things called facts. Something is considered a fact when it is truthful/can be backed up by proof. Proof is something that can be visibly attained and is not just an opinion or a lie. A lie is pretty much anything said by @realDonaldTrump. <-Fact
Oh, get off it. Prove your slanderous statement with facts, not nasty generalizations about your President. Try putting your leftist hate away and tweeting with integrity.
Hay, man...if you need to say that about me to feel better about the joke of a POTUS we have, you do you. I will stay grounded in reality, however. Enjoy the rest of your day.
No one brought up the POTUS but you. Obsessed much?

DEFICIT & POLLUTION
Stop the wall showdown! End the show! What are you doing?
Gasoline way up, health insurance bankrupting many, food up.  Tell the truth and admit tax scam was good for you not the average person.  And do your job protecting the country from the vicious WH and facist policies.
This is due to regulation which requires these essential services to be fair to consumers. Overall, giant tax cuts for corporations spur stock buybacks and consolidation, reducing competition, raising prices, suppressing wages, and costing #jobs
I just got my notice of increase in rates from the power company.  #GOPTaxScam
BS, you F'ers screwed America!!!!!
That is not true! Get your facts straight GOP!!!!
When do the people get to see these unredacted text messages?
Repeating lies never make them true.
More crap in the air #sicko

Wondering why @HouseGOP has done nothing to a Senator who seemingly pushed unverified salacious lies about Admiral Jackson. Is there no rule? If not, why not? He wasn’t on the floor when he said these things like Harry Reid when he flat lied about Romney’s taxes. No leadership(?)
It will be applied in July, don't get your hopes up!
If we delude ourselves...
No, energy bills may drop becuse that puppet @EPAScottPruitt is eliminating or greatly relaxing pollution standards. Lower bills with a trsdroff of sicknesses and earlier deaths. Thanks @gop

GOD ALMIGHTY! Would you STOP w/ the NON-STOP PROPAGANDA & LIES! Don't believe a word of it. Your CONSTANT plugging & cheer-leading should tell how much of a Middle Class FAILURE this SCAM truly is. HERE is the TRUTH! This SCAM will KILL the Middle Class!
This millionaire revealed his tax return to show just how much the GOP tax law favors the rich 
So for a little savings your willing ignore our environment!
If this deadly legislation is so wonderful, why are you acting like drug pushers 24/7 shoveling the propaganda? Good things sell themselves. This after the fact  #TaxCutsAndJobsAct campaign amounts to blistering #consciousnessofguilt that people will die. @FBI @Interpol @Pontifex
“CHRISTIAN FASCISTS expect & ruefully monger idol-worship & senseless, fascist GA-GA. THE aMERICA MSM is out-of-touch with scripted, monetized fantasy. JUS’ SAYIN’. AN OSTRICH peers notably into darkness & World selects born-again, environmentalist China as its visionary leader.”
“THE aMERICA fascist must increase corporate Christian tax rate, not decrease it. TAX DECREASE is fascist sustenance of Christian WAR-MONGER & idolatry.  TAX CHRISTIAN fascists, impose #FREE education & ease Public vulnerability to Christian-fascist mongers.”

#FreeRealityWinner
Health insurance premiums will rise because of tax cuts.



Isn't it interesting how the gas rate goes down every summer as the electric rate goes up?  By the bye, more than $200 Billion have already been earmarked for stock buy backs, less than $5 Billion for bonuses, employee raises, expansion, growth, or training.  #FailedCongress
You're still up against the fact that you did not repeal Ostupid care. November is gonna be a dog fight and I don't see you taking it nearly serious enough.
When it doesn’t go down, will you accept the responsibility?

I doubt it. You’ll probably place blame on others.
Win win win !! Pelosi so wrong about Everything!
Why is the cost of gas going up?
Fpl didn't drop their rate they just didn't raise their rate to make us pay for the hurricane season damage.  HOW MUCH DID THEY MAKE???? Pay to play, we know. GOP gift to big donors.
I'd rather have FREE solar and wind.
No benefits here, just more lies from our leaders.
Polluting the environment is not the way.
Don’t forget to tell everyone about the benefits of adding $1,500,000,000,000 to the national credit card and bringing back trillion dollar deficits...oh, wait, there are none
How much did your beloved Obama added up in 8 years?

