Hogwash. GAO is saying the deficit will be increased and the tax base decreased. Your tax scam did it.  You are the Republicans. Stop pretending to support working people. The 1% owns you all. We, the people, will see you out 11/6.
“Kimberly-Clark is planning to cut thousands of jobs because of new “flexibility” from the #GOPTaxScam - and $700-$900 million in stock buybacks that overwhelmingly benefit corporate execs & wealthy shareholders.”    #GOPTaxScam
GOP must think we're really stupid as they continue to promote the lies about their tax plan.
Omg!  Stop touting your tax scam!!  Pigs at the trough!  Shame on you. Do your jobs and impeach the imbecile that’s ruining our country!
When are YOU SENATE REPUBLICANS GOING TO STAND UP FOR OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP.  I am a Black Vet in NC who left the Democrat Party Trump is kicking A-- And you guys are NOT SOUNDING OFF FOR TRUMP WITH THIS MUELLER BS
The CBO also said: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-09/u-s-budget-deficit-to-balloon-to-1-trillion-by-2020-cbo-says … #BlueWave2018
...is what the news would say if @gop hadn’t given 1% and corporations huge tax cut, creating massive deficit.
#truth

Less than 50 % of Americans are seeing higher wages. Budget deficit for March was a billion dollars. Republican fiscal policies?

BS - tax sham that will burden th next generation.  All to further enrich the wealthy
FFS .@SenateGOP Do your homework. Stop lying to US. Govern responsibly. Stop the bleeding.  Do the math.  @MAGA
Heightened economic isn't going to last much longer. The tax Scam is starting to be noticed by the NOT RICH & NOT CORPS people and they are seeing they can't deduct things they used to deduct, and now paying higher taxes. THAT MEANS LESS MONEY TO SPEND. BYE BYE ECONOMICS!
BS- our unemployment rate was at a long time low BEFORE your tax cuts that are bankrupting our country.
Still lying to the majority of the public. Your "Tax Reform" is indeed good news for Corporations and Billionaires. But for the majority of the American taxpayers, it's tyranny. You huge $ Trillion dollar deficit will be paid by our children and grandchildren, SHAME ON YOU!!!
Just do your job and quit bending over for Chuckey shafter. Move the agenda or just go away
Heightened stock buybacks, executive pay and debt is more like it. Stop lying, your bad plan passed. Worry about the crook in the WH.
@CPAC after watching you Republicans abandon our president my wife and I are never going to vote Republican or give any more money again stand with the president or lose the Republican Party
WHERE?
I see “help wanted” and “we are hiring” signs everywhere. But they’re for minimum-wage jobs. Raise the minimum wage and watch those jobs suddenly become desirable.
Meanwhile what have you accomplished, ZIP, ZERO, NOTHING
Not so, it’s all unraveling, your tax cut assertions will not save you.
More demand for you to stand together and fight the ridiculous witch hunt. Time for you to go after mueller and sessions. Stand by POTUS
Interesting. I often wonder why a female would support a misogynist and rapist of a 13 yr old girl. Also, you served in the military? Trump DODGED the draft 5 times for a fake bone spur on his foot. He likes to play Military by putting on a coat with medals, & wants a parade 
Con Job
#GOPTaxScam is wrong.

Build the wall. Stop illegal entry. Give Americans back their jobs that illegals have taken. Stop sanctuary cities. Stop using taxpayers monies for illegals. Get the AFT and NEA out of our schools.
Uh... Real wages have declined since tax reform passed

You people just slammed the CBO for stating the deficit will go over $1,000,000,000,000, your selective citing the CBO is pathetic, also, the CBO report does not credit your #TaxScam for the growth, even when citing them you can't tell the truth.

It also reporst that "heightened economic activity" is SHORT TERM ONLY while the deficit fallout will continue for generations...
Thank you, #FailedCongress for authorizing the #LootingOfAmerica over #CitizenObjections.
#WeThePeople w/return the favor in November...

Are you trying STILL to tell Americans that Republicans are doing what Americans want, when 41 percent of Americans strongly disapprove of the job republicans are doing?
41% of polled voters strongly disapprove of @realDonaldTrump. @MoveOn's @K_JeanPierre tells @DeanObeidallah that the #BlueWave is on the horizon, and Republicans in congress are running scared. 
