West VA COAL MINERS will believe anything.  Great Tweet for a select FEW in West VA
Would you be willing to meet with people who have not seen any benefits?
ROFL!
#GOPLies
Ya right
This says it all.
W. Virginians ife expectancy rates among the worst in the world. The crumbs GOP tax plan sends their way won't improve their life, liberty, or pursuit of happiness. Only the richest in your state will reap serious benefits. Shame on you.
Is Senator Capito incredibly stupid or astoundingly dishonest?

Both. The answer is both.
and thank for adding $1 trillion to the debt via your lies about self sustaining tax cuts
Lies
Haven’t seen any “benefits” but plenty more overdoses and suicides.
It's not Reform.  Nothing has been Reformed.  Only a tax cut,  which our grandchildren will have to pay for in their future.
Please show me the language in this legislation which benefit normal citizens...prove to me that your intent is not to help only those whom do not need it.

Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $1 million in 2017 from Russian born billionaire who made a large portion of his money under Putin in Russia. He's taken $2.5 million in total from the same Russian. #DitchMitch …
Look n handsome today sis
Your donors must be proud.
Yes, Great Job.  Can you remind your  Congressional peers that your actual jobs entail creating and passing substantive legislation?  The nation recognizes that the tax bill passed.  Can you promise we wont hear about it a year from now?  Get to work.

WHAT THE EVER LOVING FCK is WRONG WITH Mitch McConnell???!!!??!!?????
#GOPTAXSCAM #TrumpTaxScam #RyanTaxScam
Serious benefits is code for we’re going to take your Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, SNAP,  Insurance to pay for those tax cuts to the rich.   #GOPTaxScam     #WEARENOTSTUPID
Are you going to stop @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan from cutting Medicaid and Social Security?
Yes republicans saved corporations and the rich and our budget deficit in March was 300 billion dollars. Republicans sold the U.S. out.

Baloney. Forget about the 21T debt?
the tax scam is hog shit. hard earned tax dollars from middle america going to cabinet secretary boondoggles and furniture.
You need to quit lying to your constituents.  They deserve better.
#GOP 'happy talk' about their Help The Rich tax bill is truly nauseating.
Did trump do  tax codes twice
BS
Man your beating the hell out of this dead horse arnt ya....
I hope we have a good plan for paying for all these cuts while keeping the critical ACA, medicaid and social programs that help so many People of WV
@SenCapito
MAGA, now get the wall built please


@iteptweets

That's not even close to true.

"The Trump-GOP tax law will provide most of its benefits to high-income households and foreign investors while raising taxes on many low- and middle-income Americans."
