No Pompeo #NoTorture
All this tells us is that Kerry, Clinton, Rice and Powell were qualified candidates and Pompeo is not.
You repubs play far far dirtier politics! Look how Mitchy treated Obama's supreme court nominees. Trump has done so much to endanger our national security. He's too concerned that the Russians might show him getting peepee'd on.
I’m with you on supporting Mike Pompeo.  Presidents should pick their own cabinet, not Congress.  Recall the old government textbooks: one of the many roles of the president is as the nation’s “Chief Diplomat.”
Maybe a new rule should be added, in that if they don't confirm/deny in a certain time period, the nominee automatically becomes confirmed.  This would get rid of the "slow walk".
Would you have supported that automatic confirmation policy with Obama's pick of Merrick Garland?
I would.  If you don’t want someone confirmed, gather your forces and do something, but slow walking is the cowards way to me personally.
Who is "slow walking"? Most Trump political spots are unfilled b/c Trump hasn't bothered to nominate anyone. For the few nominated, GOP has full control of Senate. All committees as well as voting schedules. Dems are just voting "no" as is their right. More than GOP gave Garland.
Richard Grenell is the long one, 8 months.  But there are 140ish people waiting for confirmation.
Pay attention here: ALL presidential appointments now require a simple majority for confirmation. ALL!OF!!THEM!!! The idea that Democrats are blocking this is a complete fallacy of this administration because they can’t find qualified people willing to work for it.
Pompeo is an unqualified dangerous hack. Thank goodness there are still enough honorable men and women of honor to stop his appointment.  No thanks to you or your kind.
@PressSec the CIA confirmed that Pompeo did not fight in the Gulf War. He is a liar. Should the Senate confirm a liar? I know lying is second nature for you, but we prefer our Secretaries of State to be honest.
Clinton and Kerry were the two of the biggest idiots to ever be Sect of State..
Two words:

#NoPompeo
Or those people were actually qualified to do the job and not racist
Fuck off.
You give us someone who is not volatile, and I'll agree. Both DJT and Pompeo are hot heads. We need a cooler head to moderate.
Trump just likes Pompeo because he played partisan in going after Hilary for Benghazi. BTW, she didn't object his appointment. He also has been harsh on Muslims to the point of racism another plus for DJT.
It’s not about politics it’s about fitness for office he is not fit for this office period
The same could be said of appointing a Justice to the Supreme Court - of __at least__ holding confirmation hearings for a nominee chosen by the sitting President. Instead of "playing politics" as you put it.
I remember both parties believing that.... until Republicans decided they no longer have to follow any rules or established traditions.
Seriously? That the best you got? History also tells us that those people you listed were infinitely more qualified for the job than Pompeo will ever be.
"We" have allowed an Anti-American cabal to take hold of our Senate & do not expect a public pressure campaign will have any affect on the #DemLeftLib Reps. @GOPSenMajority can solve this promptly. "We" will do our part in #Vote2018, but expect more out of the current @GOP NOW!.
Cows and dirt don't vote, Hoss. Here's what the map looks like by population, not empty grassland:
You wouldn't know true Love of Country if it placed its lips on your buttocks.
Fuck pompeo. If he was a good nominee there would be no problem getting him confirmed.

It is NOT YOUR JOB to tell the Senators how to vote. Your only job is to communicate the Pres position and thots to the AM ppl.. that's all
It tells us that every president prior to this dipsh*t had enough good sense to nominate someone who's qualified for the job. Idiot.
That's precious coming from the controlling party of all 3 branches of government, using the "nuclear" option on the Senate floor. 

All you need is all of your parties confirmation and you can't get that! Stop blaming Dems!
National security is too important to play politics with, huh?

That must be why Senate Republicans in 2013 launched a first-in-American-history filibuster of President Obama's nominee for Defense Secretary, right, Sarah?

And why those same Senate Republicans stole a SCOTUS seat
Exactly 
He wouldn't know the truth if it walked up and kissed him on the mouth.
Or bite him in the ass....I'm not going there with youyou play to much
They were all worthy of confirmation. Pompeo is not.
Then why did Trump nominate the ridiculously unqualified Pompeo, Sarah?
I guess it’s ok to play politics with Supreme Court nominees?
Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland was nominated as Secretary of State?  I thought Garland was Pres. Obama's nomination for SCOTUS.  Focus, Little Buckaroo!
Awww Cupcake. You are sooooo clever.
#ConfirmPompeo SHAME ON YOUSEAT OUR SOS POMPEOSTOP OBSTRUCTING WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE’S DEMANDS & MOVEMENT TO #MAGA & TO #KAG  WE ARE YOUR BOSS #Insubordination = #Termination
@GOP @FloridaGOP @FLGOPMajority @congbillposey @replouiegohmert @Jim_Jordan @RepMarkMeadows @JoeGruters @RepCurbelo @RepDennisRoss @MarioDB @RepRutherfordFL @RepRooney @RepGusBilirakis @RepWebster @RepNealDunn @RepTedYoho @RosLehtinen @VernBuchanan @RepMattGaetz @RandPaul
@RonDeSantisFL  @senmarcorubio @SenTedCruz @RepBrianMast @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @ChuckGrassley @senorrinhatch @JohnCornyn @SenMikeLee @SenSasse @JeffFlake @MikeCrapo @SenThomTillis @SenJohnKennedy @TGowdySC @realDonaldTrump @VP
Gee, Sarah....maybe this is just about trump making YET ANOTHER BAD PICK FOR A CRITICAL JOB. HOW many people have left his administration so far? WHAT'S that number again, @PressSecSanders?
Hi! I don't mean to be rude, but nobody gives a fuck what you want.
You see same data points but come to a different conclusion. If there’s an outlier here, why do you suppose that is given these are both R and D nominees? Use your critical thinking skills. You can do it
Remind me, what was the vote on Garland nomination?
No, history tells us that past Presidents chose qualified candidates for this very important position. I notice you left out Tillerson who was approved...  Pompeo is so grossly unqualified you couldn't even get the GOP support needed. You get that, right? #NoPompeo
Except that Sarah, your disgraceful boss has put forward the WORST, most ILL-QUALIFIED bunch of grifters in history. The other President's didn't DO that. Ergo, their confirmations were not opposed.  Cause: Bad Nominees. Effect: Failure to Confirm.  Are you following this?
Then maybe Pompeo is uniquely unqualified.
I wish either Condo or Colin were available!
If I lied about my military service I wouldn’t have a job. Why should Mr Pompeo be different?!?
#BLockPompeo Lied re: serving in Iraq
None of those nominees were traitors.
Sweetheart, this is "no ordinary time," and your "Dear Leader" is a morally bankrupt fool who couldn't find a qualified candidate for ANY job (including yours). The day you're all no longer infesting the White House will be the first day of America's recovery. #Putinspuppet
So then nominate someone who is as competent as them and they'll get approved. #duh
Or maybe trump should stop nominating corrupt criminals and conspiracy theorists.
No one is playing you guys should stop playing and find a qualified person.
Or Trump could choose a nominee who isn’t hyper partisan.

You know, like past presidents did.
No, history has shown us far superior sec of state nominees from far superior presidents.
Well you see Sarah, thing is all those candidates were competent and capable nominations for the job. Pompeo can’t even get all the GOP behind him. That’s should tell you something.
Bring it Sarah!
Hell to the no!!!  Another liar on his security clearance form!!!
I remember a time when press secretaries told the truth. Ah, nostalgia.
History reminder: 69 were indicted, 48 found guilty, many of whom were WH officials. Evidence mounted against the president's staff, w testimony provided by former staff members, showing attempted cover up activities, lies & attempts to deflect the investigation & discredit DOJ
LMAO nope
No. He doesn’t belong as a diplomat. He doesn’t even have a mind of his own. He is a Trump yes man. Put Nikki Haley in that spot. At least she has a mind of her own.
Why don't you have s security clearance yet Sarah?
What skeletons do you have in your closet?
What does history tell us? That we’ve never had a lying con man who was put in the WH by Russia
How about you put up a real candidate then
I think if you look at these nominees, you’ll see a high level of competence and integrity. Please do not insult the intelligence of the American people by putting Pompeo in the same category as these former Secretaries of State.
Oh, fuck you to hell, Sarah.

You're not even trying to be a true patriot which means to #DefendOurDemocracy/#DefendOurConstitution and uphold the values that made us a global leader to begin with.

You're not a patriot, Sarah, you're a #TreasonWeasel!

#FuckSarahHuckabeeSanders
@PressSec  wonder what your kids will think of you when they grow up? You so horrible and disrespectful to the press. Actually your so busy in the traitors house and flying around your kids must think your a visitor.
Democrats should be held accountable. Their lack to nominate presidential appointments is NONFEASANCE.
Most of the Trump Admin's empty appointee spots _don't_ have any _nominees_. The Senate can't appoint when the Admin hasn't done the work to give them names.

13 voted against Condi Rice? Who were these racist/vile ignorant Republicans?
Brilliant.
She is one of the most astute, accomplished foreign policy experts of our time....smh.
Sarah, is Donny grabbing you by the pussy? Are you loving it?
I doubt it, @PressSec doesn't look like Ivanka his daughter/wife! And @PressSec is way over his weight requirements! And she has those very strange eyes! And she wears weird church lady clothes!
I didn't say that she looked like them. Lol. That's not what I meant.
I didn't say you did. I was saying I doubt he would bc she doesn't look like his daughterwife! He only grabs women who look like his daughterwife!
Lol.  How many did they support who lied about serving?  Do you ever get tired of tr one to sell this country down the river?
Republicans refused to even hold hearings for Merrick Garland. #RepublicanObstructionists. #Liars
GOP decided they hated legitimately elected President Obama more than they love America. So they conspired with russia to install the puppet. Never thought USA would become such a vile, illegit regime. Liar.
How about Merrick Garland? What was his nomination count
US national security is too important to leave it to a narcissistic sociopath like Trump.
What it actually means is Pompeo is so egregious a choice for Sec of State that not even longstanding tradition is enough to make people vote for him.
Why do the idiots in the Senate think Mike Pompeo is just fine as Head of the CIA, but unfit for the Secretary of State? He appears to me to have twice the IQ of any of the 100 Senators!
Merrick Garland.
Because the cesspool that is his cabinet is going so well!?!? His choices need to be scrutinized!
#BLockPompeo @SenMajLdr @GOP @senateGOP @houseGOP @senateDems @SenJohnBarrasso @sentedcruz @marcorubio @senjohnmccain @jeffflake @bensasse @senjohnthune @senatorcollins @joniernst @sencapito
#BlockPompeo
Put up candidate who is qualified & not racist/homophobic & you'll get somewhere 

You can't just shuffle person a from position 1 to position 2

They are different jobs and he shouldn't have been in the 1st one

He lied to us in his role of CIA director- CIA had to correct him
We've noticed you've all gone underground since the Cohen raid.  Will there be future press briefings?
Pompeo is no Colin Powell, or Kerry, Clinton, or Rice.  #GOPCorruption #VoteThemOut
Also useful to remember that John Bolton, then up for the job Nikki Haley has today, never got confirmed. And that too is a foreign affairs/national security position
The difference is that those folks were nominated by serious, thoughtful and well-informed individuals.
History tells us that candidates who are suitable to be Secretary of State have never encountered such opposition. Clearly Pompeo has yet to be confirmed because doubts exist either in him personally or in the administration with the highest cabinet turnover rate ever.
History tells us qualified individuals can secure bipartisan support. You’re hanging on well past the point of dignified recusal.
Lol but none of the others were compromised by Russia
History tells us previous Presidents from both parties were serious and prudent enough to nominate qualified people of good character.
Uhh....do you try to make yourself look the fool? Or does it just come naturally? Like an inbred talent? These figures tell us #Pompeo is a terrible choice, barely getting 50% support and only agreeable to @GOP.
Hey everyone, Sarah wants to do things the way we’ve always done them before. Just for today. Tomorrow she wants to get back to shaking up the system in refreshingly dishonest and boldly conflicted ways.
...or that previous Presidents chose better nominees?
Q: What didn't John Kerry, Hillary Clinton, Condi Rice, Colin Powell have that #Pompeo has?

A: Undisclosed business dealings with China.

Bugger off @PressSec
Your brother kills dogs.
I love your ongoing, selective choices in sharing history.
#spindoctor
To be honest I still see democrats playing games with these votes.
They have no credible reason not to confirm him.  Vexing!
Here is a thought. Maybe Kerry, Clinton, Rice, and Powell didn't lie about their military service, or make racist comments about Indians, or deny Russian interference in the US elections like Pompeo has done?

Posted by John Surginer: Hey Sarah, I'm a Democrat. I served in Saudi Arabia '02, Iraq '05, Afghanistan '10 and Afghanistan '12. 1/2
Posted by John Surginer (con’t.) At no time did I ever see you over there. I never saw a Trump either. 

Trump worked with Russia to undermine our democracy. You're cool with it. 

We aren't. Fuck you. 2/2
They must pay you alot to make you want to delude yourself.
she's evangelical, she's been trained to do it since birth

What you & @Potus fussing about? He taught America how gov't & foreign relations can be run from Mal-a-lago, all by himself. Having no need for briefing memos, advice, & research, he knows how to do it single-handedly. Hire'em and fire'em. Not good record on that score. #resist
Statesmanship is bogus @potus playing game of chicken on Twitter w/ NK's Kim Jong Un (who has biggest nuc button)? Trump was nearly suspended for ToS violation over that.  Agree DJT needs help running things, BUT big problem he listens to nobody, & then promptly axes them #resist
Before Trump, presidents of both parties nominated competent people for Secretary of State because they put national security first.  Trump violated this by nominating Pompeo, who is anti-Muslim and therefore unqualified to serve as top diplomat to majority-Muslim countries.

But nothing you do is in good faith, it's all lies, the fix is in, the appointees are all saboteurs and hate the agencies they're appointed to and the people they're appointed to serve and protect. This is unprecedented insanity and you should be ashamed of yourself for asking.
I called it ! Pompeo gets the votes , @RandPaul gives him the nod and once again does not let @realDonaldTrump @Potus down! Awesome!
Well maybe because they didn’t lie about their military service like Pompeo has.  Even the CIA confirmed that he was lying about his military service. That says a lot about a person when his own Department that he is in “charge” of comes out against him! #VoteNoOnPompeo
Nothing screams bipartisanship like the White House hosting its first state dinner, and no democrats are invited.  The Obama Administration would not have pulled that shit.
Ever heard of Merrick Garland? Yeah stfu dumb fuckabee
The difference is that none of the above were war hawks- Pompeo can’t even get all the @GOP votes
Yo Sarah, when you stop chewing answer this. Why did he fire the Secretary of State?

@PressSec, Trump doesn't represent the US. There is no conflict. I hate Trump *because* I love the US.
Why am I not surprised that you're not so good at analysing data?
The claim that Mike Pompeo was deployed or fought in the Gulf War has been repeated by, among others, 51 members of Congress, led by Trey Gowdy, voicing their support for his appointment as Secretary of State. But the CIA confirms Pompeo was not deployed.
It's common knowledge at this point that Scott Pruitt is as corrupt and criminal as they come yet he keeps his job.  We have to assume you are too as is the rest of the White House staff if this is the standard DJT keeps.  Common criminals.
#BlockPompeo
Omg, Sarah. Not everything is about playing politics. Basic competency is at issue here.
Another excellent example- Senate members #CouldntCareLess about US National Security by obstructing the confirmation of Pompeo  Secretary of State. Pompeo = instrumental in the negotiations in Korea -a  death knell 4 Democrats/RINOs! 2018Elections #TruthMatters #ConfirmPompeo
Where'd you go?  Seems you kinda disappeared after your unhinged attack on James Comey.  I look forward to the daily ride on your crazy train.
If national security were so important, THIS ADMINISTRATION WOULDN'T BE IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
It’s so important that REAL presidents nominate highly qualified people.
Does anyone else find the similarities between this douche nuggets name  and the disaster of "Pompei" a deeply troubling harbringer of doom? 

#NeverTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
History tells us that previous presidents appointed nominees that were worthy of the position.  Stop whining.  You need zero dem votes to confirm.  Blame rests solely with @GOP .
No.  What this tells us is that Trump has only nominated ONE decent person (Mattis).  The rest have been hand-selected to gut their agencies from within.....ESPECIALLY Pruitt and @BetsyDeVosED .  WORST CABINET IN HISTORY!!!!!   #ShitHolePresidency
History tells us that other presidents were actually good at presidenting
Just maybe the current nominee is historically unqualified...just maybe.
Sarah your right, most of the country no longer trusts the media and a lot of the left are waking up from their CNN induced comas. Democrats now have to get criminals and illegals on the rolls to stay in power.
And the last 3 Secratary of states that Obama had were nightmares #Benghazi
First, they were qualified and able to do a job without bias and Pompeo has never done an unbiased action in his career. Second, Merrick Garland.
Well Sarah, perhaps the executive branch should stop playing banana republic, k?
You can't even tell the truth
Well, if tRump would nominate someone with better credentials ... The only pattern I see here is he nominates crap.
Mike Pompeo is anti-abortion, anti-gay, wants to stop regulating greenhouse emissions, doesn't believe man made climate change is real, and whole heatedly supports the NSA and NRA. The man has been playing politics his whole career, much to the detriment of American citizens.
Maybe he should nominate individuals qualified for the vacant positions, Goebbels. Let's not forget how McConnell refused to even hold a hearing on Garland. Sit down.
Why not try nominating a qualified candidate?
A split vote on party lines for Pompeo compared with near unanimous votes in the past. What does history tell us?

Usually the nominee gains the approval of both parties, but this nomination is tainted.
Or that Secretaries Kerry, Clinton, Rice, and Powell were all objectively qualified for the job and Mike Pompeo is a wingnut conservative rolled out from The Heartland in between apoplectic fits about Benghazi who has no business on the local school board, let alone the Cabinet.
All the people you mentioned were actually competent at their jobs, unlike you and Pompeo.
Past candidates were qualified, represented American values. How about a real nominee?
@ItsMeCathi

Sarah Sanders saying Democrats hate their country because we oppose Pompeo is another lie.

We love our country but we hate that Pompeo lied about fighting in Iraq war. He also falsely claimed the CIA concluded Russian meddling did not affect the election’s outcome.
All she knows how to do is lie.
Yep Donald you were absolutely right. They're licking it up like ice cream
I don’t kno how to say this nicely, so I’m just gonna say it. Fuck you Sarah sanders. I am sick and tired of your fucking lies. Your Career is over. Walmart is hiring.
Unfortunately we are living in crazy times. A capable and brilliant candidate like Mike Pompeo is having difficulties.  Democrats are playing dirty tricks!  Enough is enough!!
They were all (A) competent and (B) not insane
Just goes to show that past nominees for Secretary of State have been MORE QUALIFIED and LESS OBJECTIONABLE. #NoToPompeo
We pay your salary and your job performance needs to be evaluated immediately day after day you lie for no reason grow up we are all adults we want the truth #youworkforus #newpresssecretary
Merrick Garland
Or maybe Pompeo's problems are more about Pompeo & Trump than about the Senate.
You should watch the last episode of handmaids tale. What she says to serena in the backseat of that car is exactly what tens if not hundreds of millions of people want to say to you.
My God! The Dems hate our country and want potus to fail. They love theirselves more than they love the people who elected them! Pompeo is best choice for us. Dems make me sick!
History tells us that other presidents were intelligent and moral and knew how to make cabinet selections that were smart, independent, and competent. Not @realDonaldTrump ! He picks people who have done him favors and are willing to lie. Thanks for asking! #ImpeachTrump
Pompeo lies about his military service. He supported the Iraq war. 
HEY!!! TELL @realDonaldTrump
JAMES SHAW JR. IS A HERO. 
JAMES SHAW JR. IS A HERO. 
JAMES SHAW JR. IS A HERO. 
JAMES SHAW JR. IS A HERO. 
JAMES SHAW JR. IS A HERO. 
JAMES SHAW JR. IS A HERO. 
JAMES SHAW JR. IS A HERO. 
JAMES SHAW JR. IS A HERO. 
#TuesdayThoughts
C is for cookie , collusion , criminal , contempt , corrupt and conviction !
Uhhh, history tells us #PresidentRump & #PressSec lie to the #AmericanPublic ALL THE TIME.
The spokesperson for the guy with a homoerotic attraction to Vladamir Putin, who hired a foreign agent as National Security Adviser, who accepted help from Wikileaks, Cambridge Analytica, and Russian trolls, tries to play the patriotism card against Democrats....  Wow!
#StopPompeo

National Security is too important - that is why Pompeo should NOT be confirmed.
Let congress do it's job, you meddling witch.
Glad you asked. History tells us that pre-Trump, Presidents nominated highly qualified candidates to the critical role of Secretary of State. Pompeo's hot takes on Muslims and LGBTQ citizens would have made him a non-starter with any normal POTUS.
Sorry, not sorry, Sarah HUCKABEE. GOP first started this game with Obama.  You reap what you sow. Enjoy.
It means Your Candidate, much like YOUR ADMINISTRATION, is THAT INCOMPETENT!
Pompeo... lied about his Service
Is Heavily Supported by the Koch Brothers
And is apparently Homophobic.
He is a Bad Choice. 
Thank You for listening
Sarah Sanders: "Democrats have to decide whether they love this country more than they hate this president.” 

Me: We love our country, that is why we protest trump.  Perhaps you should think about why you hate this country so much by supporting trump!
Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland.
Sarah Sanders, here's the reason why democrat doesn't support Mike Pompeo. 

He cooperated with Wikileaks to destroy Hillary Clinton. 

He met with Russians on the US soil. 

He's also a climate change denier. 

He's against people that don't look like him. 

And he's unfit.
Merrick. Garland. Stop with the faux outrage.
You do realize that the dems are the minority party, right? You do realize Pompeo just isn't all that?
Oh, now it's partisan politics, but when Garland was nominated here is quote from from the @gop: Many Republicans claim that their sworn refusal even to hold hearings on any nominee President Obama brings forward is simply fair play.
I seem to recall, recently, a guy named Merrick Garland. 

And you, of all people, shouldn't be warning against 'playing politics' you hypocrite.
ARE YOU KIDDING US? Trump starts off putting in an oil dude, then tires of him and nominates a bigot to state? I want Democrats to block EVERYTHING they can from Trump. You guys need to feel the same pain you put on Obama for 8 years.
Lady....if the man is going to lie about his service in the military, what else will he lie about. We get enough lies from your president.
How DARE you conflate blindly following trump with love for country???

The exact OPPOSITE is true!! Pompeo is BAD for America. AND he's a liar.
#GulfWarNonVeteran
#pompeoTheCoward
#trumpTheCoward
None of those nominees were traitorous, Sarah.
Maybe he could stop nominating people on impulse and with no vetting. And we all know he’ll just either fire them through a tweet or have someone else do it for him in a few months. It will have been a huge waste of money and time.
Then don't nominate a lying, conspiracy theory supporting partisian nut.
Right up until a Russian-blackmailed traitor rapist stepped into the White House, then nominated a Russia-$-connected gulf war service record liar for State Dept. Not sure what changed.
We learned that decent presidents make decent choices
That's why Trump sent his "fashionable" daughter to represent us in Korea & Peru
Because it's such an important job!
Ummm......all if those individuals you mentioned Sarah, well, they were qualified.
Sarah, no one above had a bio claiming s/he "served IN" the Gulf War, while merely "serving DURING" the war. What does history tell us? Members of both parties have long believed that US national security is too  important for the President to nominate unfit candidates, doll. 
What does history tell us?  That we have never had a POTUS as vile and evil as the one we're stuck with right now. What other lessons can we get from history? Let's start by studying other despots' rise to power...

HIstory tells us you're the worst Pressec ever !!  that's what it tell us .. you're a serial liar, not as creative as skank CON-WAY, but close, and you score better on the lying !
You seem to pretend not to notice that your boss chooses the worst and most unqualified people for every single job.  Free yourself from this nightmare.  Save your soul.
Pompeo isn’t Kerry, Clinton, Rice or Powell which is why he isn’t going to get the same respect! He has a lot to answer for.
Didn't we used to think the same thing about Supreme Court appointees? A war monger (proven) doesn't need to be in that office. Plain and simple.
Uh... maybe @POTUS should have thought about this BEFORE firing the last Secretary of State he hired? Such a "stable genius" ya know?
What does the past have to do with donnie? Try asking yourself why do you all blame or use stats from the past? BELIEVE ME WHEN I TELL YOU, WHAT ANYONE DID OR DODNT DO WITH donnie. You have to give respect BEFORE  you get anything. IS donnie STARTING TO SEE HOW IMPORTANT DEMS ARE
Resign now, liar.
Merrick Garland!!! = 182 to date
Hmmm - maybe it means he's not qualified for the international stage. BTW - per your comment at today's Press Briefing 'Dem cheap political points' - who are you kidding, that's your MO everyday in your boss' #CultureOfCorruption #Shame
The fact that these numbers were what they were and Pompeo's numbers aren't is NOT a reflection of who is voting, but for WHOM they are voting.
On another note, why havent 45 said anything about a WHITE SUPREMIST that targeted&killed PEOPLE OF COLOR in a RED STATE w/the same type weapon used in PARKLAND &VEGAS? And do he feels these are ACTS OF TERROR? Answer the question as if the shooter were MUSLIMS and victims WHITE.
Are you clinically insane?

I'm sure I'd come in no where near those numbers.  That should tell you something about the administration's problem.  More clearly, he's the wrong man for the job, silly.
How dare you claim Americans who oppose Trump don’t love America! Loving and standing up for America is exactly why we oppose him. My god....the things your parents and Christian education taught you.
