
And, how much are you taking home?  Why don't you share with us?
Mr. Blunt this is not happening!
#GOPTaxScam
What about the workers losing their unreimbursed employee expenses?  We have many in Missouri whose taxes will go up next year because they cannot deduct their mileage!
Also, cannot deduct per diem for days away for their job, union dues, safety equipment , boots, etc.
Still waiting to see that $2 #GOPTaxScam
People should've voted for @JasonKander!  You're a #RepublicanYesMan and bend over for the #NRA!
This year's increase in our family's healthcare premium cost ate the tax cut and then some. $17,810 out of pocket for a year is a little steep. This has gone on for 9 years, its not your fault. Could you get your colleagues across the aisle to switch plans with me? Let me know.
Nope
Then explain this if this is so damn good!!
This tweet doesn’t seem to be going well... so what are your going to do about it Sen Blunt??

SHOULD BE.    Well unless you get excited about 1.50 a week or you’re filthy rich, it’s not happening.   #GOPTaxBillScam
No it's the minority of Americans taking home more money and all of the rich. Thanks for nothing.
Add to this list that Harley-Davidson moved a plant out of Missouri to another country.
Since #GOPTaxScam 
Toys R Us closes 180 stores
Sears closes 63 stores
Kmart closes 45 stores…
Tax cuts for the average American are small, and many will pay more tax next April unless they adjust their W4. Tax cuts for corporations have spurred consolidation rather than hiring and investment. Long-term effect will be more concentration of wealth rather than growth for all
Yes sure, meanwhile you are redistributing money from a lot of blue states so you can look great.
Nope  nothing new at the ranch.  Even the moths have left .  Thanks for the 1 trillion debt stinker.
"should" is doing a lot of work in this sentence.

The CBO now reports hat 80% of all the economic gains from Trump's tax cuts will go to nations other than the US.

I told you all this 4 months ago.  50% of US stocks are owned by…
Well I’m not & I have to save for taxes next year because of less WH being taken. When will you tell Missourians Trump is joining TPP the same TPP he said was raping the USA. Yep, that TPP! Another lie is he’s draining the swamp see Pruitt spending then just go down the list.
The man is lying as usual. Talk to a CPA to learn the truth. If you make 45k or less it amounts to shit, they took care of the rich. The lower bracket expires in 2025. This guy needs to go. Republican blood bath in November, the storm is coming.
More wasted words from the tired thumbs of @RoyBlunt
The people that actually need it, will not get it. Its only a tax break for people that make over $100,000 a year. Meanwhile Working Missourians are struggling to make ends meet. Shameful you thought this was a good Idea. #JesusWeeps
We need to know where you will stand IF Trump attempts to fire the special prosecutor!!!!!
Should. Interesting word.
Yep, the pied piper of fools and imbeciles!
@HouseGOP @GOP 
Greedy Old Pedophiles.
I despise you. And young people do, also. Women too. Black and brown people. Hispanics. LGBTQ. Asians. Secularists. Muslims. I'm glad this old Patriot sees hope for our democracy,through these folks. 
We don’t.
I’m not.  Stop tweeting about the fake money we should receive.  We’re not.  But we do want you to protect Mueller.  Many of your R colleagues are on board.  Are you?  Or are you still #SpinelessRoy?
He's spineless. He'll be kissing Trump's ass until they close the prison door.
#RepublicanYesMan

Trump's tax cuts haven't trickled down. Corporations have spent 37 times as much on stock buybacks -- enriching wealthy investors and shareholders -- than on boosting pay for workers. http://www.newsweek.com/republican-tax-cuts-trump-wage-increases-879800 …
You are an excellent example of a Senator that needs to be removed from office.
We won’t be taking anything home after you motherfuckers kill us all with your boy threatening war on fucking Twitter!
Hmmm??  Maybe, but our roads and bridges are NOT getting fixed, repaired and/or replaced!!  Majority of your BIG donors, top one percent and NOT your constituents got the tax breaks!
We are watching and voting!!
Lying as usual. Sorry, that $1.50/week didn't make up for the $200 a month increase in my health insurance premiums. 
Roy is a swamp monster and a Trumpuppet. Can't wait to vote your corrupt ass out.
Personally I'd rather not have 1.9 trillion added to the national debt!
You say the "new" tax code. There's so much going on that is *newer* than the tax code. You never comment on anything. You are a Ghost-Senator. Let's talk about Syria, NK, Russia, Greitens, DACA, Net Neutrality etc.
The majority of Missourians should be taking home more money in their paychecks thanks to the new tax code http://bit.ly/2Ht6lPK 

2% is far from the majority

Should be? You can't say FOR SURE? You're useless.
You lie like a carpet.
While the rise in medical insurance thanks to @GOP attempts to eliminate the ACA will wipe out any salary gains they might get.
You may want to check this out with your billionaire friends the vile Koch Brothers. im sure they have great things to say about it. The people of MO, not so much. Thanks Roy, for nothin’.
How much? $1.00?  You are unbelievable #fakesenator
Short term gains for long term pain. 
Nice job on the deficit, genius.
Should be, so you have no idea that the deficit is killing any take home!

Next topic! You sound like a breaker record.
Really? How much $1.50 a week? Smoke & mirrors but what’s new?
Nice campaign traitor. We gave you a tax cut but we're still going to allow Rosenstein and Mueller their coup against the POTUS.
The GOP are sorry losers
75-125 per month is not comparable to what the corporations got. And our wages stayed level, most DID NOT get those $1000 bonuses, which are a one off and highly taxed. The corporations would not exist without its employees. STOP LYING TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS!
Screw Missourians Hold onto that pittance. Compassion fatigue for Missourians. Not one more thin blue tax dime. Go to Hell. I am out of comity, brotherhood, fellowship, affinity, consanguinity. Nothing but hatred spewed at us since the civil war. You vote hatred and civil war. OK

Ok then let's vote out candidates funded by Soros and labor unions then.
Stop acting like you’ve done us a favor over the rich and corporate welfare that was gained.  My $50 a month does nothing for the daily living.
Not to mention our ballooning deficit now that you will use as a back door to destroying social security.  That can’t happen!
The tax code that really only rewards those making more than $100,000 per year?  Yeah, I have a feeling most Missourians aren't in that income bracket.  But hey, at least private jets get a tax break while the rest of us suffer.
Nowhere close to what the top1-2% are getting!  And at what cost?  Have you looked at the CBO deficit estimates and our project interest costs?  What a foolish thing to do in a strong economy.
And yes, I'm a constituent.  Guess where my vote WON'T go?
If only you cared about honoring your oath and protecting our democracy as much as you do about continuously pushing these tax lies!
Please stop waving your withered old pompoms for this #taxscam. Maybe hold a town hall, talk to your constituents directly about how it's affecting them (hint: funneling $$ to the rich and forcing a looming debt spike, which the GOP will use as an excuse to cut SS and Medicare).
Thanks Robin Hood. I'll appreciate that small amount, and you feel a great sens of guilt and remorse for the rich who you have given a thousand times more. Want to give us a few more specifics? Otherwise your tweets are vacuous garbage.
Additionally, as my employer paid directly for my moving costs, that money will now be taxed as income, so because of your vote, Senator, I am being hit there as well.  So kindly remember this the next time you cite your tax bill, and stay quiet.
ERIC Greitens must go!

Hi!  I am definitely not!  As I moved this year, it turns out that your tax bill is causing those expenses to be no longer tax deductible! Which is really expensive for me!
dude, you NEED a new talking point.  everyone already knows this one is bullshit.
Just because you say it, doesn't make it true, Roy!!!
Nah, the gov is using the $$$ to cover all his legal bills
and the rich should only take home even MORE money. Thanks! I love that few extra dollars.

