Your followers. Do you like This? I've turned him in to fbi.
Turn me in too then. There WILL be civil unrest if Donald Trump is impeached. It won't be by my hands but will be as a result of an unlawful coup. @FBI
I'm sure Nixonians thought the same.
There was a witch hunt against Bill Clinton too.
And, after a full investigation, impeachment articles were drafted against him as well.
Which never should have happened
He lied under oath. Wasn't worth impeachment, but it was a crime. The point is, none of these impeachments resulted in civil war. When all the evidence is delineated, neither will this one.
Chris McDaniel will win the seat if, for no other reason other than that voters despise Establishment pressure to conform when tbe Establishment hasn't done a damn thing to help the president and in fact many Rs are in cahoots with the Deep State coup.
Welcome to the good 'ol White boys club of obsolete conservatives
Hardly.
McConnell is as obsolete as he looks.
Stay in Mexico.
The Republican party, the @GOP, is the party for the betterment and protection of corporate America. Their principle function is insuring corporate welfare through taxpayer funding. The antithesis of what a political party should be in a true democracy. #Resist #BlueWave
First United States of America is a Republic.  If you haven't noticed corporations employee thousands and thousands of people. So I guess you're not one of those who believes that jobs are good.  #ResistLiberalSocialism
#MAGA

With this picture you blow any credibility. Go back 8 years and start over.

I hope Chris McDaniel wins. You people are just despicable.
Conservative patriots are as un american as it gets....u fuckers are sad.
Are u going to represent the interests of Mississippi or just follow orders from the White House! There are 3 branches in government not 1. Please think before playing follow the leader
Protect our Democracy, #ProtectMueller #ProtectRosenstein
How creepy
Que bonito seria vivir sin guerras
Congratulations!  I hope you will support President Trump and his efforts to help make our country safer and greater again.
We the people voted for him and we like the job he's doing in spite of the witch hunt he's had to endure.
In 2018 she is the 1st, and had to be appointed......sad and pathetic.
This is creepy.
@VP Does "mommy" know you touch another woman's hand?

Goo doing a lousy job. Cower to dems..don't support our president..going to lose house and Senate if u don't get your acts together. The Mueller, Eisenstein crap has to stop. Do something
She is just another Democrat in Republican clothing. She refused to pay someone when her horse got out and got hit. By Mississippi law it's the owners responsibility as she was over agriculture she knew the law and still refused to pay 4,000.00 but
Could go out and buy a brand new 30,000.00 car. She will fit right in with the rest of the rhinos and dems that are above the law
Super
I don't wanna know what she had to do to get the good ol' boys of the @GOP to back her, but I hope she doesn't make it harder for women in Mississippi than it already is.
Outstanding!
Hope she helps end the witch hunt after our president.
She's a Democrat
That's great!
I hope she shows more balls that the rest of you.
Is a lifelong Democrat
How about on behalf of the US Senate #teamwork #division #silos
Cindy Hyde-Smith, BETTER NOT VOTE WITH THAT RINO BASTARD MCCONNELL ALL THE TIME!
She's a lifelong Democrat. So don't expect anything. She'll be just like her predecessor which has a horrible voting record
Guilt by association
So is education in the red states falling apart more of those

She wont be there long
@SenateGOP  R dirtier than the Mississippi River
And you have Obama's picture on your Twitter. Hahaha that's really funny when you're talkin about dirty. There's not been any dirtier.
Sorry I don't  have a picture of you to #pee on Dumb racist twaut
#imate45 will get special slippers in jail!
Will she be lockstepping along in the War on Women and their rights?
Oh mother I touched another women’s hand please forgive me

Congrats...Big $$$$ coming your way.
Is she gunna get fired by #trump too?
Let's hope so because she's a Democrat.
You guys need to do your homework before you question someone on data security again!

#DeleteFacebook

