Your semantics are god awful.

But they are not investing in US!  they are reinvesting in themselves


Did you know just because you say it  it doesn’t make it true.


Stop taxing  ssa and employment benefits. It's already paid out of taxes and individuals try to survive on 256 a week and few thousand a month and you have the gall to tax the benefits?  Shame on you.
If that was the case, most of the funds saved by those “American Businesses” would have been utilized to provide HIGHER wage increases and not to buy back their own stocks, among other greedy choices. 
The intent may have been there, but your faith was misplaced in corporations.
The intent was never there
I’m totally with you, but I am willing to give them the benefit of the doubt. I have no right to assume that. Remember what they say about assumptions... 

Guess the moron who was absent playing golf?
TaxCutsandJobsAct for the wealthy




Pompeo 
1) Lied about fighting in Gulf War
2) Didn’t disclose interest in Chinese Company
3) Lets his religious views impact US foreign policy…
Senate Republicans refused to make up for the lost revenue.  Everyone likes tax cuts and spending.
Then why are US businesses using tax cut money to layoff people, close plants, and move operations offshore? Also, why are executives getting millions more in salary/bonuses while most workers get none and a handful get scraps? The tax cut works for big money, not for Americans.
What planet are y'all from. Offshoring going on as fast as ever.
This won't translate to ONE SINGLE FUCKING JOB. It will however create more of a wealth divide and more available political donations.
Your posting to Americans that are better informed by current technology and half truths and lies are quickly realized. You want to do something good bring back the real “Conservative Republican” representatives or loose both house and senate. I’m voting Democrat.
Howaboutbringing back some justice!!!!!!!
NOTHING HAS CHANGED EXCEPT THAT THE RICH GOT RICHER AND THE CORPS GOT FATTER YEAR END BONUSES FOR UPPER MANAGEMENT!!
What kind of jobs? Manufacturing? So we'll be making socks and tee shirts for the world, while they'll be doing work in robotics...
#fakenarrative
Jobs are not coming back to America, they are still leaving.  Your tax cuts gave more incentive to send money out of the country.  Stop lying to your constituents.  Facts matter.
Taxscam Cut was just WELFARE for 1%. Welfare ! Vote all GOP/AssHole Party (AHP) out 2018 2020 2022. AHP added $1.5 Trillion to the deficit. @Lawrence @tedlieu @KamalaHarris @RWPUSA @timkaine
Yup, now companies are in great shape. See the data?
Still lying to Americans. Vote them out
Is that why the dollar is getting clobbered?
You try hard but we’re not buying.    We live is a world economy.  Isolationism will NOT work.
A 2 trillion dollar give away to corporations, weakened environmental standards, exploding debts & NOTHING done to help the middle class- say goodbye @GOP in 2018
Now you all need to get on board with potus. You run the house so start acting like it!
You don't say!


Winston Churchill dared to say the hard truth – that the appeasement of Hitler would be a disaster. When to appease? When to deter? It’s a complicated dance.
#ThePriceofPeace 
https://thepoliticalinsider.com/california-book-ban/ …
People need to vote too let Mexico buy California! We could use that  to #BuildABigWall Conservatives Ca get out of California. God want like this. @SenateDems are evil ppl.

Retweet if you're a Republican and you don't hate gay people. Let's shock the Democrats with our numbers.
CATHOLIC Website California is banning bibles! 
https://www.catholic.org/news/politics/story.php?id=77215 …
Budget deficit for March was 300 billion dollars. Gop fiscal irresponsibility. Vote them out!!!
GFY
Only if republicans win and keep both houses.
TRILLION DOLLAR DEFICITS STARTING IN 2020.  GOP IS FISCALLY IRRESPONSIBLE!!!
This is the sign of the DEVIL! Look at all the 666 liberals followers that are following the @SenateDems GOD SAVE THEIR SOULS. POTUS  VP and SenateGOP Franklin_Graham PressSec  for them.
The lies  y'all continue to tell to the American people, and then you have those who are eating them up by the spoon full.


Show me where they are coming back.  DATA show me the facts.
Jobs are still being offshored and the only ones seeing any benefit are those 1% that are on top.
The old system being democracy, and the new system, under Trump and the most corrupt administration in the nation's history, being Authoritarianism.

Please STOP!

Or at least spell #TrumpTaxScam correctly
No tax cuts unless expanding & hiring Min wage 15$ & up & up ladder! Do away with all taxpayers paying for 1935 welfare law! Let cheap Co. 7.25 pay their own damn labor, not all taxpayers! Do away with welfare high crime slums and poor Americans! Trillions more in TREASURY!
First of all corporations never paid the 35% tax rate and they certainly aren't paying the 20% rate now.

Second of all, this is simple a #GOPTaxScam
The Trump-GOP #TaxReform is full of loopholes that DISCOURAGE investing here. Repatriated cash in 2004 failed to create #jobs and growth, and the latest tax cuts don’t fix that. New, lower overseas tax rates fail U.S. workers

Yup..
Really? because our taxes went up over $1000! Middle class screw jobs are the only jobs I see your tax reform creating! The trade war will make it even worse. Recless war mongering takes our children in sacrafice. All for what? To benefit the few? A rock would lead better than u!
LIARS
Tax scam!
https://www.cheatsheet.com/money-career/the-companies-offshoring-jobs-at-a-record-pace-under-trump.html/?a=viewall …  It ain't working ladies & gentlemen. I have an idea though. Next time the evangelicals gather in the Oval Office, put a prayer help request in to Rev. Graham. His prayers for surrounding POTUS with godly men & women has been so keen, I know he could help.
#GOPTaxScam
You Are Lying Outright as @GOP  #NAFTA Laws gutted USA Trade & Labor Law which kept USA Corps. In The USA Hiring Our Citizens & Republicans Destroyed via G.H.W.BUSH who penned the stripping out of USA's Largest Employment Sector to Hand to Dictatorship Slave Wage Labor 4 Wall St.
Every tax break for the rich has resulted in recession or a greater separation in haves and have nots. 30% will pay more and we have already seen unreasonable increases in pharmaceutical copays and gasoline prices. Fascist Republican politicians have unleashed corporate America.

No investors involved! @PutinRF_Eng see they insane with government oversight overthrows! Fill market up with outlaws @DefenseIntel how many u make so far in wrong birth certificates! Enrolled in bifurcations of healthcare events @ToniPreckwinkle Josie trusted Lawyer at county!©
See how that turned out! Military wives cults’ !On lasalle street same address @ChicagosMayor @ATFHQ use a gun! Don’t escape responsibility! Arrested Elizabeth not join in chaos!
Named in systems wrongly D.A. Be a Daniel A. Marsh jr. @netanyahu slick design prostitute now judged©
Pimp on lasalle street ©®step on ur face ! Outlaws on arrival! Degree verification required by @illinoiscourts dig up dead @USSupremeCourt outlaws! Buried in prison cemetery for life. Sentences to serve all years of terms for murders conglomerate of Outlaws.
Can’t forget to invite i to meeting about i ‘s Trust Deed! Arrest all linked to Virginia & CunninghamS last name of outlaws! Both within CPD & CFD code systems! Bypassing Piss&prints biometrics always immigration law violations at parental lines. ©®
@ILAttyGeneral outrageous in timeline! @Pontifex block students at application! Must b accurate! Immigration law violations made ineligible for a seat in schools©®squatters all the same traffickers of curriculum! Shows at birth certificates ! Not Americans. Zipcode errs.
It didn’t work under Regan, it didn’t work under Bush, it won’t work under President Cheeto, why?  A greed driven system, under a greed driven party, controlled by a small group of greed driven people won’t work
Did you know iconic businesses just got major tax cuts and are still not bring jobs back?  #TheMoreYouKnow #GOPTaxScam
… and more incentives to off shore.
Tell us- what’s going to happen when we eventually have to pay the $1,500,000,000,000 that you put on the nations credit card so you could hand out welfare to billionaires and corporations?
PLEASE STOP!
How about National Earth Day!
No ones buying your Bullshit.
future taxpayers bailing out big corporations....slaves to to the state.
#TaxScam 
#TaxScamBill
