
@realDonaldTrump  Please Address The Elderly Voters ' Some Make $25 Dollars To much To Get Food Assistance ' Decides To Not Pay For Medicine For Food. !!  Please
@KellyannePolls
So...is it medical marijuana you smoke or the street stuff?
2.7%? Now I can buy that pack of gum I’ve been saving up for. How much did millionaires and corporations get?
Too bad taxes and inflation went up 3%.  American workers are always on the losing end.
And do you know how much #CEO pay "Ticked Up" - It doesn't tic by the way. It zooms way past the measly 2.7 percent for the middle class.
What about the job #'s?
1 actual job,
All the rest, service industry, part time.

Too bad the #deficit didn't just "tic up", but it blew up. And the #TrumpMarketCrash is wiping out my IRA. nice job.

http://politifact.sharethefacts.co/share/d54f2e47-b915-4870-a015-c992aad1456e … 
Isn't Trump aware that China can call in payment of Loans that China gave to the USA as retaliation to the trade war ?




You deadbeats can try to blow your own horn all you want you haven't done Jack schitt Trump did anything and everything happening all I see out of you people are trying to screw and every chance you get yes that includes McConnell McCain and the rest of the traitors
Tell that to all the food service workers making $2.11 an hour.
AND HOW MUCH did health care premiums rise???  @SenateMajLdr is a FAILURE!!
During OBAMA'S first 444 days as President the stock market GAINED 32.5%

He NEVER bragged about it.

During TRUMP'S first 444 days as President the stock market GAINED 20.7%

Trump BRAGGED about it CONSISTENTLY

Obama was CLASSY & PRESIDENTIAL

THINGS TRUMP WILL NEVER BE

ALL Mid West Farmers MUST at least pay all workers $20 / hour ---- NO immigrant labor ....................................  GOP GOP GOP GOP !!!!!
This rate of growth is essentially unchanged from the previous two years, and is a sign of the wealth concentration that is only enhanced by the recent tax cuts for the wealthy. In particular, workers share of corporate income remains depressed
The Home Health Care Nurses In Oklahoma One Is  ( May's Home Health Care ) Struggling  To Keep Out Of State' Contractor's  Coming In ! It Takes From The  Elderly To Stay Home ' It Cost The Pay RAISE 
Of Our Nurse's ! Please Help 
@KellyannePolls  @PressSec



Thank You Mr President
That is less than inflation, correct?
Not my pay
GOP all giddy for us to believe that 'average' hourly pay ticked up, climbing 2.7% compared with a year earlier. How much did CEO pay tick up? Stop asking us to be happy about crumbs while 1% get whole loaves with this tax plan.
My taxes are going up due to underfunding schools.

Trumpublican daily lie to try and convince us the tax scam was good for us. They're throwing crumbs to the people while the rich and corporations got the big breaks. So glad the people are seeing it all. Reaganomics all over again. November 6! MAGA.
majority of us have seen nada, zero, zilch benefits from your tax scam.
Driving up inflation and interest rates.
Yes. $1.00 = $1.02 .... big fucking deal.
Really? But inflation is up to 4.5% just out of greed so there is a net 1.8% loss in wages! So you are caught in another LIE!
Yeah you people should not collect a pay for the little you do. #NOPE

Who are you voting for in midterms 2018?
The following are the prices of major advertised items (3,000 plus stores) this week, compared to the same week last year. Significant increases in price for fruit items this week included Gala apples at 29%, Navel oranges at 18%, avocados at 14%, and cantaloupes at 14%.#whatever
What was the rise in CEO pay and compensation packages during that same time frame? I'd bet my supposed 2.7% that it's much higher than that.
#GOPTaxScam 
#CashGrab
#BlueWaveComing2018
Donald J. Trump spends a lot of his time in the @FoxNews echo chamber.  You might want to distance yourselves from that combination.  Of course given my distaste for most of your members, keep it up, what could possibly go wrong?  #GardenPath
.@SenateGOP When will you stop campaigning and begin to govern?  Isn't governing the role the majority party?  So long as all you do is campaign, you have already failed US.  Do the math.  #MAGA
I know we got a raise! Thanks @POTUS for working despite the negativity!!
People working full time jobs can barely afford to live.  2.7 percent is nothing to be proud of.
Bullshit.  The minimum wage would be $20 an hour if it kept up with the rate of inflation.  Job growth was very slow this month and most of the jobs are in low paying services jobs with no benefits.  #VoteThemOut
Wow. Compare that to the millions a year you & your donors are raking in & I can't see why 95% complain; 2.7% of $8.50 is - a whopping 23 CENTS. Gonna buy that plane now! The billions corps are getting from your tax scam would allow for a 50% increase. Take you lies & shove 'em.
2.7 is peanuts given that wages have stagnated for so long. come back when they're up 5 or more.
Lies
Yeah, for billionaires and millionaires. Thanks for the billions in future debt, traitors.
Still way behind what @GOP has been proclaiming was coming to American workers as a result of the #GOPTaxScam
And @FoxNews does not source their data. NO ONE believes their junk.
@FoxNews JUST REPORTED!: Job growth LOWEST in 6 months! Stock Market DOWN! Unemployment stagnate! 5 major retailers have closed 419 major stores nation wide putting THOUSANDS out of work! Bank of America has HIKED their fees! Shall I continue?  It is ALL bullshit and LIES!
Hahaha. If @FoxNews is your source of data you must be really be desperate. You have any sense of decency or integrity? No one is listening anymore. We are debt and in deep waters. Your view is simply a distorted mirage.
Wait. Shut up. Stop talking. Show us the data! 
and hello tariffs yep goodbye tax break and much worse
With 18 states having voted in last years elections to increase thier minimum wage this is not surprising, neither is your taking credit for it to inflate your Tax Act...but hey what's new!
Republicans pay increased by how much?
JUST REPORTED!: Job growth LOWEST in 6 months! Stock Market DOWN! Unemployment stagnate! 5 major retailers have closed 419 major stores nation wide putting THOUSANDS out of work! Bank of America has HIKED their fees! Shall I continue?  It is ALL bullshit and LIES from the GOP!
Everyone hates you. Why not start acting like grownups and quit trying to spinthe #GOPTaxBillScam. It was just $$ for the rich.
