All while the companies waiting for their seasonal@H2b workers are getting ready to close their doors.  Shameful the government republicans and Democrats sit by and let seasonal businesses fail.  Thanks for all of your help! #saveourseason
This is a drop in the bucket when you finally realize that this is a false flag just to get you in to agreeing with the massive tax cut given to the ultra-rich asshole at the top!
More Teathuglican smoke and mirrors. Dump Trump!
How about a pay raise! Isn't that what you promised.
The ONLY way the REPUBLICAN PARTY can salvage their standing on the WORLD stage, regain its CREDIBILITY as a voice for DEMOCRACY & save itself from certain eradication is to grow some integrity and #FIRETRUMP! Better late than never#USAPARIAH
A one time check for $1000.00 is not crumbs though it is a one time thing. By the way how much did you folks make from the tax bill? A lot more than that I bet.  Are you guys really this dumb ? We can see the TRUTH, to bad you don't tell IT.
I was thinking the Exact same thing and if I'm not mistaken that bonus is not tax free . an I would rather have a 1000 raise you get more in the end .
The real surprise is when their hours are cut to pay for the bonuses.
A one time bonus of $1000! Wow after bonus tax they get $600 woo not even enough for what? Rent?
So the still have to pay taxes.
It would be best to set it aside for their tax increase. Someone will have to pay to compensate tax breaks for the upper class. Especially now that budget deficit will grow due to an un-balanced budget.
Trump surprises America with $1.7 trillion incremental deficit largely to benefit corporations and the weatlthy.  BS PR campaign touts benefits to the average American.  Just a smokescreen to the shameful Tax Sham.
It’s time for reality. Your party is being ruined by Trump. And your inability to govern.
"...but still pays then the same crap wages. "

There fixed it for you. Oh yeah and that 1,000$ bonus comes under a different tax structure so a good portion goes to the federal as well as state and where applicable, county/municipal governments.
Political propaganda and VERY doubtful! @marcorubio @SenBillNelson
Fraid NOT! Tripling the deficit is NOT a good forecast! THOUSANDS loosing their jobs because HUNDREDS of stores are closing, not so bright! Having to cut SS and Medicare because you tax cut SCAM is draining the country, nope not bright. You're ALL LIARS.  Its ALL PROPAGANDA! LIES
#RepublicanShitShow
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @CNN @TuckerCarlson @WSJ So thats like .48 cents an hour. Id rather have the .50 an hour raise . But I suppose thats what the bonuses are for so everyone never gets a raise.?
Can't top the $1.4T you have the wealthy.
I'm not saying $1,000 bonus isn't nice I'll start there.$1,000 bonus breaks down to $0.52 an hour if you work full time all year long. That is not a raise. That is a one-time bonus that will not help you next year and you will have to pay taxes on it and it may bump tax brackets
One of the few companies that did this. Problem is that it won’t continue. It amazes me that GOP thinks Americans should kiss the floor they walk on because they got a $1000.00 bonus. You did nothing to really give Middle Class a tax cut. You should have done more. SHAME ON YOU!!
Have you made it to 5 million (out of 325 million) people benefiting from that #GOPTaxScam, yet?
You guys have fucking nerve.
Who gives a shit about 1 time overtaxed bonuses?
