We of the Holy Pax Terra Taxiarchy are voting for an Extreme Punishment of all Republicans and Enemies of the Planet (the EOP). You're Devil Worshippers and we're Angels and that means we don't mix, and you have to go.
Thank you!
Oh big surprise!
Tsk tsk bad move
 It's great.
Thank you for putting what’s best for America over the Democrats & RINO’s obstructionist games The state of WV chose President Trump to lead our nation & we’ve accomplished a ton bc of it- you are seeing the big picture and it’s greatly appreciated 
"I'm voting for Mike Pompeo because I want our state department to be run by a warmonger who can neither say nor spell 'diplomacy.' This president has purposely devastated the state department and made our nation a joke in the eyes of the world; why stop now?"

So you are ok that Pompeii received $400,000 from the Koch brothers? Of course you are Arch taught you well.
Shelley no one doubted that you would.  Spare us.

How sad that the word “DIPLOMATICALLY” wasn’t included in your statement. 

But then...
I think US foreign policy is a withdrawal policy,in order to lead the world, one must be active and not give back to Russia the Middle- Eastern Europe,the same is in the Middle East.
Your rubber stamp vote for: Tillerson, Pruitt, Carlson, Devos, Mnuchin, Zinke just shows you only vote party over people. Vot out all GOP/AHP 2018 2020 2022
Now you say you are voting for Pompeo at State. Sad.
He's not in any way qualified for the job. The last thing we need is a war-mongering religious nutjob looking to start armageddon. You're a menace to our country and the world if you think he's right for anything.
Religious nut job?! Because he doesn't think like you? That's ridiculous! You couldn't ask for a smarter, more qualified person.
Dude, the guy talks about the rapture at work, a government job. He has fundamental issues that completely disqualify him. Not to mention zero experience as a diplomat.
A lot of people write that he is anti-LGBTQ anti women's writes - against climate science - likes torture - hostile against people of a different religious belief - Sounds like a perfect @GOP fit to me #VoteNoPompeo
Rights.
i saw that..lol.. off my game..i reposted it
You are going to have a long wait
You put partisanship at the forefront when you stole a supreme court opening from dems.  So take your partisan whining and posturing and sit down.
"Put partisanship aside" ... lol ... did you really just utter those words?
Go to ur safe place and breathe.
Lipstick on a pig
You’re voting for him because your party told you to and you follow orders.
Of course you are.  No one is surprised about that move.
This is another terrible choice. This warmongering intolerable man will be another lever used by the Trump administration to undermine our democracy
What a surprise.  Just mail your vote in and save us the tweets.  Do you think anyone doubted you have sold your soul to the highest bidder.
If you want well functioning govt then move for impeachment

#Time2gocapito
Would you confirm any nominee?
In other words, would you vote for a dangerous psychopath who happened to be the nominee?
WAR cabinet 
He’s such a swell guy. Another swamp monster.

#GOPbastards 
Nobody knows other countries weaknesses better than a CIA director. Nobody can exploit another country better than a CIA director. How many regimes has a CIA overthrown? I lost count.
GOP function
Wrong move. Should not.
Shelley, fall in-line Capito did what? Fall in line. Sad she’s not stronger to lead. #ThursdayThought
Of course...hence Shelly NO Moore Capito.
hes a religious zealot, homophobic and climate change denier. hes a TERRIBLE choice for 2018.
People say he is anti-women's rights - a climate science denier - likes torture - anti LGBTQ rights - sounds like  a perfect @GOP fit #VoteNoPompeo
Hey Arch JR, you do know why the State Department was not functioning as fully, as vibrantly, & as aggressive as it should be, right?
Merrick Garland.
