ridiculous!
will Day 4 go into higher gear? 

Dive into Trump and his Organized Crime Bosses ...
Why aren't they speaking out against Keith Ellison?
@CBSNew. Yeah that's how you bring the country back together....
country can get back together by accepting your new president. Trump will pick his own advisors. #MAGA
Clinton won thee popular vote by 1 million, Trump needs to gain them for 2020 , Bannon won't do that.
Wow ....one little voice among the gloters & climate chng deniers who is thinking abt the future. One to know Bannon, what he 4
they are just happy they finally got a racist in the WH.  They are in for a rude awakening.
Nothing to be happy abt....either way!?
I'm for whoever can make this country work, and that person is not Trump.
the dems are going second guess everything Trump does cause they are pissed they lost the WH and the house and senate!
lets fire the Dem senators instead # liberal tolerance
Another clipped news bite from that wonderfully fair news station with the losers trying to tell the winners what to do. NOT
Dems took the bait real hard!
This needs to stop! Trump IS our President & everyone needs to deal with it! Time to come together. STARTING WITH THE MEDIA!
You cant change the rules just because it doesnt fit your agenda. Suck it up Dem Senators; put on a safety pin.
@JoAnnWhidby @CBSNews DeBlasio are very bad foster parents 2 the unruly protestors.Latchkey kids will try2 play parents against
 Just goes to show how good of a selection Bannon is. These folks can get bent. You lost. Work on better ideas for next election
Yeah, this is gonna get somewhere. [rolls eyes]
I stand of tell President Elect Trump should get your ass on tv and tell democrats to stop rioting in the streets
.@CBSNews @phylogenomics So proud of @SenMarkey & my other reps  in MA delegation @SenWarren @RepMcGovern standing for freedom against hate
@Aspieadvocate absolutely agree! AMERICA would be going backwards in time if this guy isnt booted before Lincoln backwards
Why are people so upset about senators speaking their mind? We should expect them to say something if they disagree with a big decision.
proud to tell CBS, I have not watched any of there programming since Walter Cronkite retired.
@almadenm49 Hope the Senate will be able to do that!
@realDonaldTrump Sour grapes, poor sports and sore asses. That sums it up. What's that about peaceful transition of power, again?
Dems need to take care of their own business or they may lose more seats in the next election. HRC appt. wasn't protested.
@budb66 where were these clowns when obbie was hiring Muslim brotherhood
We deal with every moron Comrad Obozo put in his cabinet except it.
 Obviously  S.bannon a great choice MSM whining to much
first step rescind #94CrimeBill #massincarceration policies targeting Blacks for profit prison. #GoAway with #fakenews Steve Bannon
and their response to that, "We'll do that right away."
Looks like dems are wetting themselves.  Good let them. :)
right after Obama is impeached and Hillary is behind bars!!!
the democratic leadership is corrupt,  clean up your own house before calling out others, Debbie and Donna come to mind
Sit down and take the back seat Dems, just like Obama told Republicans oh so many times.
It was a Democrat who said, "elections have consequences".  Thank you Barack Obama. LOL
UH, dont think so! Perhaps a CIVICS class is in order! POTUS picks his OWN cabinet/advisors!
Bake. The. Cake.  @CBSNews
So much fail. Elections have consequences  @CBSNews
@PeoplesVuePoint And approve Merrick Barland. Let's all "come together"! #SupremeCourt #stopbannon
is the position of counselor to the president a Senate vote required position? If not, they need to shut it
The FIRST STEP is to dethrone the POTUS-Elect on grounds of being too much like HITLER.
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL the impotent trying to have sex. You LOST. Deal with it!!!!
You have become irrelevant.
you lost Presidency, Congress, House of Reps and state majority... exactly HOW are you going to do anything?!!! LOL
Well said @SenMarkey
GOOD LORD man where did you get your info from MSM your accusation couldn't be farther from the TRUTH...OOOO your scared of him
what part of you are no longer in charge don't you understand?
they didn't call for Hillary, the most corrupt politician EVER, to resign, they lack the moral authority to demand anything now
buhahahaha
Dems want them ALL fired - starting with P-E Trump! LOL
The meltdown is proof enough Bannon was the correct pick.
.@SenateDems as soon as you convict @HillaryClinton for her #crimes @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @WhiteHouse @SenateGOP
i am in full agreement
@SenMarkey   THANK JOU GOT STANDING UP FOR WHAT'S RIGHT.
America won't be great again until CBS is put out of business. Oppose renewal of the affiliate FCC station licenses in your area.
Bwahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!! There was a major power outage in DC on Nov 8...Democrats don't like it!
What morons. They don't have any power here. Be gone! Before we drop a house on you!
where did @thedemocrats get the idea they get to decide who is doing anything in #PETrump administration.. NOTE to #Dems YOU LOST
No wonder dumb young liberals protest when they lose, look at the people theyre being led by.
Too bad they can't
Whatchu say???
Ask yourself: who fired first? (e.g., Roe v Wade, Scopes, Brown v Board of Ed., Jim Crow, DOE, SSA, & Entitlement Nirvana, etc.)
hahahaha says who?
Trump won....get over it...Don't preach to President Trump...doesn't need your advice
You voted against Kate's Law, care to elaborate?
Eddy how much legislation have you passed since elected? do it on one hand
sad little man! Get over it ! We won! Real change , positive change is on the way!
@kdealaey Go away! Trump has every right to choose his ppl.  What a fool!
Agreed !!!! Who the hell are they to "dictate?"
good luck 
good luck. Good job uniting.
Thank you to Sen. Markey for your strong stand on this!
What BS, its good the Republicans outnumber the Democrats!!!
Utter fools! 

#DrainTheSwamp
WOW I am shocked by these people's actions...hahaha
Just get over yourself.
I'm sure Trump will get right on that... 
Would you expect anything less from Democratic Senators? Just a little partisanship from a weakened party.
CBS you media types still shilling for the party of exclusion! If only everyone just agreed with you!
@SenMarkey … but Markey is an idiot … he was over his head selling ice cream. Right Mr. Frosty?
No fucking way, Steve Bannon is in and you cucks can not do a thing to stop it. #MAGAx3
grow up
Obama the most antisemitic potus ever....the dems  r bat poop cracray.
#That the beauty of democracy! They minority has a "say" but the majority has the "way". Bannon's appointment will surely hold!
you can't only need 51 votes and Republicans have that and Dems started that rule so now it comes back to haunt you
LOL
You never said a word about Obama's selections?? DID YOU?
@realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @CNN @FoxNews CORRUPT Media was ok with OUR WHITEHOUSE full of Muslim Brotherhood under Obama?
@Keeblerqueen @JSilamianos @JakeDakota13 @CBSNews @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @CNN @FoxNews bozo is head terrorist
If CBS doesn't stand up for truth & fact check the racist inflammatory lies by dems, CBS will be complicit. This is wrong!
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
@SenMarkey Seriously? Political correctness run AMUCK! Bannon IS Trump's pick. Dems get YOUR own house in order. #buttout #noturbiz

A veteran, Harvard graduate isn't the best of America?
if he should fire Bannon, then you should fire every reporter that was working with the Dems revealed in the emails.
hey WTF is the matter with you. We all hated Valerie J but we didn't do this
Never happen...misplaced efforts. Go back to social engineering, it worked so well for you this election.
u have no say about the presidents cabinet.so just shut up and sit down.try to enjoy the #TrumpTrain ride.
And the answer to that is put your demands where the sun don't shine.
it's about time the democrats start growing some balls and start going against the republicans like they did to Obama for 8 yrs
@timkaine @MarkWarner Thanks for condemning the outrageous appointment of self-avowed anti-Semitic, white racist Steve Bannon.
.. Amen! Well said!
.@CBSNews 'Elections Have Consequences'
Time for the Democratic Party to piss off.
@HouseDemocrats Start pushing back hard and digging in to protect our rights!  Leave SS and Medicare ALONE! People wake up!!!
second thing to do is expose truth on OBAMA GENOCIDE and human rights violation @VanJones68 @ChillWillNupe88 @SenateDems @ACLU @hrw
@CapehartJ that's cool as long as everyone understand that birds of a feather flock together.pervert trump did what was expected.
Tough luck, not your call.
yawn.....more false charges
The best of America?  Rioting in the streets, threatening people, attacking people, vandalizing property is that really the best?

you Corrupt Puppets of the Global Cabal Banker Elites Lost .. Safe Space for You is Over There ------------------------------>
Second - We will appoint your cabinet for you & Third - Oh shit we lost & have zero credibility, no influence & no leader now!
OMG...Dems still don't get it.. WE WON!!!
Excuse an old cliche, but "elections have consequences". Accept that your side lost and move on.
I did not agree with any of Obama's appointments, let's see, Holder and Lynch are as bad as it gets.
at this point is anyone even listening to the democrats anymore?
Yes!
.  Always stirring..go on to some thing more interesting
LMAO you lost Trump wins
They lost in epic proportions they don't get to dictate the rules.
I agree with statement but Markey should be in x-hairs for term limits! He hasn't done anything in 30 years
Fuck 'em, they lost, @realDonaldTrump won. Tough shit for them!
who the hell cares about this guy who has been robbing America blind
pass the pipe fellas, you ain't the lead dog.
