You’re a partisan hack that doesn't even live in MA. Your permanent residence is in Chevy Chase MD
thanks. the @massgop needs to get some candidates to run for all these unchallenged seats. Mass has the least comp in USA
Thank you for opposing Gorsuch. His attacks on women's rights are deeply troubling.
Hope you'll allow your old brain to think logically and see that you approved the confirmation of two libs under BO.  Balance it!
Thank you @SenMarkey
Thank you very much.
#MerrickGarland
Thanks @SenMarkey @SierraClub 

Also make sure you work toward making #SCOTUSnominee a 60 vote requirement. @SenateDems @TheDemocrats @DNC
.@JoAnnDwyer5: Great, @SenMarkey! NOW you need to convince 40 of your fellow senators to FILIBUSTER T***p's EXTREME HARD-RIGHT SCOTUS PICK!!
Excellent! No 'Fascism Forever' for #SCOTUS! #NotGorsuch
yes, break Washington even more, you need to go
he's a great candidate!  Vote yes!
THANK YOU!!
Stop your party bickering and suppot Judge Neil Gorsuch
Thank you for taking a stand on behalf of the people of Massachusetts, we support you.
thank you Senator. Glad youre stepping up
Have it your way Senator. Such conduct will get you flushed from the Senate.
Thank you.
don't we don't care, you are irrelevant to the annuals of human history. Tell you uncle Marley Marks that I said hello.
thank you! Now go convince your colleagues!
thank you, Senator Markey. Please block them all.
Thank you.
Thank you.
@R__Lynn Thank you!
Will you support a filibuster against the nomination?
@Justiceyes Thank you, Senator.  His mother was a disaster for EPA, and tho we have no gauge for him, he certainly could be bad
And now hv read more about him & opinions: he seems 2 subscribe 2 judicial bowing to Regs, which is y T gutting Regs
Need a balance in the Supreme Court, do your job.  Your and other liberals are destroying this country's rule of law. YES Gorsuch
And your seat is now numbered as one to be emptied and you replaced in your next election.  Good luck.
how disappointing that you announced you will not support Judge Gorsuch for SCOTUS before ever meeting with him.
Thank you so much. Please do not support Price, we cannot lose or have our Social Security cut or we will be homeless.
Show'em what for! Don't give'em an inch!
thank you senator your constituents have your back
Thank you Senator Markey!
Thank you for representing us Senator Markey.
Thank you for your principled and courageous leadership. So proud to be  your constituent!
Sir, go for it!  Mitch McConnell wrote the playbook so it's open season.  Stop the  SCOTUS appointment!
please STOP with your partisan games.  We put @POTUS into office because we are fed up with politics as usual.  Remember that!!!
as a MA resident I urge you so stop the partisan rhetoric and support judge Gorsuch. I'm sick of your obstructionism Dems
@DevinGoldenberg oppose oppose oppose democrats do your job
Thank you Sen. Markey (02657).
Thank you from a constituent
Thank you Senator Markey! Give Gorsuch the #GarlandTreatment
… big shocker there Mr Frosty.  You're an embarrassment!
Thank you Sen. Markey
@Mangoluu Thanks
@NewNowMan good for you senator! Filibuster, obstruct, resist. Only the senate can stop Trump. You must in the name of decency.
we knew that was coming.Will you ever work for the people? #looneyliberal
then get out the way... move... get out the way
Thank you!!!!
Thank you Senator Markey. Wish my Senators had brains or guts
wow didn't see that coming breaking news
THANK YOU!!!!!! 
doesn't matter, there is no political loss if u do. If u let them through though there will b. We do NOT want any of Heritage pck
Please keep all other Dem senators united, do not let anyone through unless it's Garland. U have our support. Repubs showed it 1/
thank you
HOORAY! Thank you for standing with THE PEOPLE.  Corporations are NOT PEOPLE! His decision on Hobby Lobby is WRONG! Against fems.
Please tell me why it's against "fems".
@comalliwrites Thank ou for taking a stand
Thank you, Senator, for your principled stand.
i think that i could live with this pick
Thank you for opposing #SCOTUSnominee Gorsuch
you are my Senator and I expect you to support Justice Gorsuch without petty games.  Trump is the President now, like it or not
i guess i'm supposed to be impressed?
Wonderful!!!
Thank you, senator, for protecting our democracy and the interests of your constituents!
you r being foolish
@mimizelman It's  just my option but no ultra liberal or ultra conservative should serve as a United Supreme Court Justice.
@SierraClub
lol
Thank you for your bold statement. But  @SenateDems  couldn't even stop Devos, how can we count on you to stop anything?
Thank you Senator Markey. I am glad you are not supporting this nomination!
I won't support your reelection
Thank you Senator!
@mimizelman The Constitutions original intent must be applied in modern times. Evolution requires adaptation to the intent.
good. That's what we asked for. Remember, they were going to block every thing for Hillary. I would never forget that. Ever.
stick with it! We got your back!
Thank you! You the man!
Wow! It's like you had the statement prepared in advance - no matter who the nominee. #cut&paste #partisanshipatitsworst
you will lose.  Thank God!
He hit everything except ruling on Trump's violation of emoluments.
thank you.
@mimizelman Thank you Senator Markey

Thank you Senator!
whatever you say you bumbling beltway insider
Thank you!
@johnpavlovitz GOOD
thank you senator, for standing up for what's right!!
we demand you filibuster this nomination to the stolen SCOTUS seat!
Nobody cares, Ed, but thanks for sharing.
Thank you from Cape Cod.  We're behind you.
@freeandclear1 Thank you!
if you stood up to Biden when he was advocating holding off till the after the election years ago I could respect your choice
very disappointing to see this. Dems would not have been happy had POTUS nominated Merrik Garland tonight.. just stand in the way
@jilliemaze make trump divest and have no conflict of interest before even considering scout us pick
that is disappointing. Leaders don't follow they lead, stand out from your herd.
@alexandraerin Thank you for your leadership.
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Glad to see Politicians standing up to Trump. He's not a good President until he makes better choices. #StandUp2Trump
Thank you for continuing to represent your constituents.
Thank you Senator Markey. We stand behind you 100%.
@JonesVelwil9
@SierraClub who cares don't
Thank you, Senator. Please stay strong for the people of this country. Remember Merrick Garland.
@USProgressives good job
I guarantee you haven't read one of his opinions
Thank you from one of your constituents!
block and obstruct. A No vote isn't enough at this point. I am a constituent. It is time to fight dirty.
@SierraClub - thank you!
of course you won't...obstructionist.
thank you!
@CarolynStop thank you!!
thank you!
Super surprised, cuck.
of course you're not....will anyone ever work with the other side?!
THANK YOU
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, I will be calling your office to voice my support of your opposition to this nomination
Then, Senator, I will never support you!  How sad it makes me that for no good reason we have such division.
@Doxyma Thank you.
please block Gorsuch and vote NO on all of Trump's nominees. It's very, very important.
thank you. These days I thank you in my heart multiple times a day. Your voice and strength are much appreciated.
@keithboykin Thank you! It would be a stolen seat with grave consequences for decades.
thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator!
So didn't you vote for him in 2006?
you are a true lizard of the swamp. Gorsuch is a good man. You will get what you deserve when election time comes along!
shocker that no liberal will attend vote.  Not one inch of backbone to any of you.  To afraid to stand and face defeat.  #faceit
I hope @SenatorDurbin & @SenDuckworth are with you on that! #resist
Good for you! Not a legitimate presidency. Keep blocking the Nazis please.
Did you see the hobby lobby search? ruled against women's right
@keithboykin Thank you, Senator.
why don't you get your ice cream truck and go home you hack !!
Must suck not being able to control the narrative huh? Bet you are regretting that Reid thingy now, lets go nuclear
You better get all your Democratic Senator friends to do the same, or they will be primaried.
thank you!
Thank sir
Thank you!
too bad it's all for not, he will be confirmed
@ApocalypticaNow Good, Ed! Obstruct! No to SCOTUS
Courage.
thank you.
thank you
Block in any way you can! Holds, filibusters, whatever. Obstruct!
thank you, Senator.
@SharronSmiley thank you, Senator!
@UberGuber Thank you.
Thank you, Senator.
#diaperats losing whats left of their minds. I hear Schumer has tissues
A big warm thank you
@keithboykin Thank you. Any Dem that votes for Trump's nominee should be tarred feathered and PRIMARIED
so u guys allow him in when it was Obama but not now. keep it up Ed its why your party keeps losing seats. #MAGA
Thank you for taking this stand.
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator Markey.
@breton_anne thank you Sen Markey! We need a moderate, especially since latest refusal of Trump to abide by stays.
@keithboykin That was record time!
first #filibuster then #impeach
your constituents thank you!
thank you from Boston!
BRAVO sir!
@keithboykin 
Thank you from an American.  Please urge all @SenateDems to block nomination
:  Sir, I do not agree with your statement by almost 80%.  ~  L
Please do not support any of Trump's nominees or hairbrained ideas. Like, publicly.
T-E-R-M  L-I-M-I-T-S
quick graft some of your spine and give it to the other dems, democracy depends on it.
Thank you Senator!!! #ProtectAmericanValues
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you. Keep up the fight.
Sen. you don't need to worry Ted Cruz already said we could live with 8 so good enough for Dems. good nuf for GoP!
thank you, from a constituent! 
thank you senator.
Gorsuch must not be comfirmed
I hope not Mr. Senator if you want my vote
Thank you, @SenMarkey!
you lost my support then. He's a great pick.
thank you.
Thank you
Promise? Please work hard to get others on board with not supporting too! Thank you from western MA.
.@rachelakatz @SenMarkey Agree from eastern MA!
feels good to be a Masshole in times like these 
good! Thank you senator.
Thank you!!!
No to Neil Grosuch
I truly hope this comment is sarcasm at its finest. I know it has to be lol
Thank you for taking a stand against the rolling back of rights. Please convince your colleagues across the aisle!!!!
Thank you, sir!
thank you for the statement - very curious about rulings re: the disabled. Where can a find that? #02108
