RESIST AND PERSIST!  #RESIST #PERSIST
yes yes resist pelosi and and the the ass clown 
so we should resist your stupid? You ass clown.
ass  hate when it want all fit snowflake
#DNC shut down the GOV. Untill #trumprussia #russiagate are investigated.
HOW MANY MORE AMERICANS WILL @GOP @DNC allow to be hurt or die? THIS IS ON ALL OF U!
NO AMERICAN EVER VOTED FOR THIS CRAP! WE CAN'T HAVE UNITY WITHOUT EQUALITY!
please, no. Just get to work. Less talking more doing. Please, please, please.
Y DID U VOTE FOR WILBUR ROSS? what am I supposed to say to other progressives?!
#Breaking Report: Trump Dossier Analysis:Corroborating the Evidence: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RbpBxJ3QNyvts_w16UcSSGeH7cSrXK9U3wIq0OOq-Xs/edit?usp=sharing …

#resist #theresistance #russia #resistance #rt 
between kieth and Dems voting for Wilbur. As a loyal Dem. I am beyond pissed! #DNCForum
impeach dems, pelosi and schemer need to go, hypocrites
hey! Bring that "scapegoat".. and we expect some tears! @PressSec
No one will care what these two dopes have to say. Just obstructionists from ever shrinking party.
more of Schummer's hate.
no one except ultra libs will be listening or care for that matter
Liberals taking action without knowing the facts. Nothing new.
We need an #IndependentInvestigation with a #SpecialProsecutor to investigate Trump's ties to Russia.
idiot
W/O monthly subsidy for premiums most cant afford to pay insurance. Tax credit useless. Understand?
At 2nite's address, be loud with silence.Stay seated, say nothing, and do not applaud. #Resist #impeach
Haven't seen the budget but complaining about it = Priceless! Do your homework!!
I never realized how desperate the Dems were, until the DNC election. That's the best you got?  SAD
These two spread Ignorance to the hungry
Clearly the @DNC  need to beat feet in search of ppl that America believes, these two are jokes
Um, a prebuttal doesn't count at all. Stop obstructing. #TermLimits
Prebuttal? Will you please stop treating the English language like "cremains"?
They are scared!!
Trump calls himself more of a Nationalist at this mornings press conference. Dem Party needs to step up
Yes! Keep trotting these two in front of the cameras. It gaurantees the Dems never win again.
hope they talk about the constant lies and POTUS attempting to discredit good journalist.
why not confirming Dr Ben Carson taking something out on him because of race?
I have turned from your party long ago for the same reason you do what you do... move
nothing is found?
Love to see an investigation of so called Russian ties! Wonder what they will piss n moan about when
Chuck ur stimulus, infrastructure plan was a shovel-ready failure!!
Trump wants $1 trillion for infrastructure. How's that going so far paid troll. #snowflake
Two idiots, no need to say more!
if I have time like right after I set my teeth on fire
Dems show, then prove they have no plan for anything. Their ideas are bankrupt. morally + principally.
Democrats new slogan is "LOSING!"
Who cares what those 2 loons have to say. Will Chuckie cry again? 
Nobody interested in this venomous spew except NYT & CNN...
Chuck is having a pre-cry party before the post speeches main wailerama  Trump can make him cry twice
how about you two keep your traps shut and let us get on with becoming a united country
Resist. Give nothing. Shut fascism down. We need you. Resist.
#Investigatetrump
Please co-sponsor House Resolution 111
@SenMarkey @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi they'll have the same ratings as the Oscars
giving a rebuttal before the speech explains how they killed the middle-class the past 8 years
You dummy's are so out of touch with what Americans want I see a 2018 super majority. Thank you. #MAGA
Yeah how's that?
So you won't even listen before you disagree with him, huh? No wonder so many of us disrespect you.
@SenMarkey @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi If Dems were smart they'd get these two out of the spotlight. Moderates hate hypocrites.
I hope you act like adults tomorrow - we will remember if you do not!
YOU WORK FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE! NOT ILLEGAL ALIENS! GET TO WORK!
Boycot joint session!
Pelosi is an incompetent schmuck. she needs to go away. Schumer is excellent. good job Chuck.
Some people just don't know when to sit down. Better yet, retire. Let people w/winning spirit take over
- who cares.  No respect for any of them puppets/liars/sick individuals  @seanhannity @TomiLahren
How do you cry about something before it happens. Shows you don't care about americans
make sure Pelosi takes her medication.
A Prebuttal?
But The Pres is bush! Chuckie ur day is rolling around.. Watch
should be dumb and dumber show. 2 leftist liberal elites. Crybaby chucky and dope pelosi.
Do your job and get something done.  Your why we all hate politicians.  Your message is old.....
You guys need to substantially change your messaging. "standing up for working families" is tired

for what? No law was broken

to idiots using a prebuttal ?

too bad intelegence cant find anything
