@realDonaldTrump they better do something. He's already threatening martial law in Chicago...on day 4. This man is out of control
He is trying to save innocent lives.
I feel sorry for you. No self-respecting woman would support this trashy president. Pathetic.
I thought that law already existed!
that law doesn't exist for nuclear war. It shouldn't. No time to have meetings. President has that power 4 a reason
did you do that with obama?
YES.  THANK YOU!
PLEASE GOD MAKE THIS WORK
THANK GOD!!!!!
DO THE SAME FOR EVERY EXECUTIVE ORDER!!!!
HE'S A TERRORIST DEADLY DANGEROUS. BULLY
@MalcolmNance Good bc this isn't funny at all
this should be vetoed, we go nuclear wherever comrade Putin say so,
attempts to carve out exclusions for domestic armed conflict against we the people will be considered treason be forewarned ;-)
why didn't they ban Obama from all the criminal things he did without congress..oops he had a pen and paper
The Dems aren't finished committing seppuku yet, and no helping sword in sight.
maybe if the Democrats spent less time posturing they could prevent a GOP Supermajority in 2018
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats  Please impeach him fast.
DO IT! this man is a "loose cannon"Only Comrade Putin can control his ass!
At the very least with this mentally unstable man at the helm 
@oldladyisback42  thank God there's still some sanity left in Congress
How stupid and what a waste of time...get over it and do important legislation.
Brilliant!
That's like the cops having to get the city council's approval to shoot an armed subject before they can fire. Silly

oh god please pass this!
if the codes were not in hands of unstable old man I'd be against this.
the fact that literal Congress members feel this is necessary is incredibly worrying. :/
finally one smart move
don't limit it to nuclear weapons armed conflict MUST be subject to the express funking consent of Congress
Has it come to this?
so if U.S. is under attack Democrat's want to wait to wake up Congress and get them all back from vacation before responding.really
very necessary!
@realDonaldTrump Trump is too unstable to make such a decision.  That he has the power now threatens THE ENTIRE WORLD.
He'll dangerously do anything if he thinks it's "powerful" Delusional little man=SCARY
roflmao! Ok
Hmmm ... Doncha think this bill by itself signals #Trump is unfit for office? 

Doesn't anyone here know how to play this game?
So much for MAD.
and how does it get passed ?
What can we do about a crazy Leader?  We know what Kim Jung UN does. What is he capable of? ANYTHING   He has sabotaged every office in US.
democrats continue to be cute and hammer nails into their own coffins
Dear god please make this happen.
I think Trump is the overcoat Pres. It's been mild in DC & he's always showing off his kishmere coat. Never saw Bush/BO w/ a coat.

He has a tiny finger on the BIG button 
KOREA launches nukes @ US & Congress (agree on nothing for years & on break all the time) has to give permission. We're dead
What a waste of Congress' time! Don't they have REAL work to do for the tax payers, like getting rid of 20 Trillion debt?
that would b a wonderful Bill 2 pass, but how would u get lying faux pres 2 sign the Bill?
which would be a great reason to strike America first believing the president couldn't retaliate in time .
that would be great- will somebody tell him to take his meds
Unconstitutional. Trump is the Commander in Chief, not a bunch of crybaby DEMS.
That's a good start. Also: @realDonaldTrump is not fit to be @POTUS. #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrump
what if there was no congress to vote if the President could use nukes
pass that bill!!!!
#FakeNews
Adele what I mean?
See what I mean?
The stupidity of this bill in a MAD world can not be expressed in written language.
Good thing he needs to show self-control self decency self confidence self peace before given more power so far he disappoints
-- #fakenews liberal media falls for,all these fake stories by the far left can't happen?  Would need President Trump's signature.
good luck with that !!!  this problem is our problem !!!! elections have consequences
yeah he has like 7 min to decide? 
#goodlord
Some people just suck the joy out of everything.
Yes.. problem with this.  If he actually has to launch the nukes then what?  There's another way, which I am sure is in place now.
This may prevent doomsday clock from moving up anymore. Disappointing. Had Iron Maiden's "2 Minutes to Midnight" queued on iTunes
oh shit were being attacked they have nukes in the air let's call congress stupid we all be dead
I would sleep better at night. How do we get this idiot to not veto the bill?
good...please save us @SenWarren @SenSanders @timkaine @SenMarkey
.@thehill well that's nice, but who'll be around to prosecute him if he just does it anyway? Hmmm?
: God, a friend of Kim Jong of North Korea is Trump, or is he? Save us good Lord.
thanks. If only the Dems were showing some spine this would be heartening...
Trump has move the Russian hack from the news.
Dems? Ohhhhh. You mean the party with literally zero power!!!
Better yet, just draw up articles of impeachment now before it's too late. #ImpeachTrump
he'll just ask Russia for some
What nukes? Do we even have nukes?
