I want to call and tell our Congress critters to support this bill, @emccoy_writer, but I am having a little breakdown...
Set me an alert on the phone for 3pm tomorrow? It's all answering machines right now anyway.
Okay. Tomorrow we call.
Thanks.
Did you get the calendar thing?
I did!
.@kylegriffin1 What's good for the Twitter is also good for the nukes!
Be afraid. Very afraid.
Pres. Trump on receiving nuclear codes: "It is a very sobering moment, yes. It's very, very, very scary in a sense." http://abcn.ws/2j5ZFyl  
this is the time when you guys start pulling out all those superheroes that you have. #ImAllOutOfIdeas
Time to appeal to a higher power?
It's unfathomable that such a law is needed.
Better to have it and not need it, than need it and not have it. Our worst enemy is no longer external.
Yes. I meant that I can't believe it is possible today.
I got you. And I'm as horrified by the need as you are. It does, tho, change our whole relationship w/nukes.
while I would do anything to get nukes out of the hands of Trump, this would end US deterence edge.
Many experts disagree with you. See William Perry's work.
b/c I believe in facts & information I will cede my point until I am better informed 
All good! I'm sure there are valid arguments on both sides. :)
@ChrisVanHollen @AnthonyBrownMD4 @SenatorCardin Please support!
@Progressive538 Ryan does not have the guts to stand up to Trump not now, not ever
what does it matter if frkn Congress are Republican majority and THEY ARE ALL PUPPETS TO THE PUPPET!!!!!
@Progressive538 was just watching a story about this on The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell.
next should be a declaration of sect 4 of 25th Amendment stating he is unstable and dangerous as our president
Yes. He is unfit. Not saying to be "anti Trump". He is legitimately unfit/unsound mentally, and MUST be removed.
Yeah, looks good. But then you have rethugliklan controlled congress.
@alwaystheself this is a good law but it can't pass as is. Calling Trump out by name means R's simply can't do it.
I think the law could have had a chance if couched differently.
Good idea. I'm a loon. An evil one. In the tradition of the Joker if he aged 40 years, gained 100+ lbs, & lost 100+ IQ points.
Do they really think Trump is going to do anything by the book? Unless the codes are changed & taken away, this is useless
But for the people in silos and subs who do the actual launching, it legitimizes their refusal to launch
Campers, we're talking about treatment of symptoms when we need to address the pathology
Agreed, but let's apply the bandaid as a short term measure and then figure out how to treat the cause
What's your impression? Abused?

... of evidence that might support that, but from just this one gif I wouldn't make a call like that.
Better to keep 'em guessing.
God Save Us All...BUT...What if ChiRuska fires a ICBM at us? Then What? Will we have time to fire back?
. Christ, the idea they think this is necessary
@MaddowBlog The Constitution already says that you need to have A Declaration of War, before you can drop any bombs at all.
Where does the constitution use the word "bombs"?
A state of armed conflict is a war. No war has been declared. Takes 51 Senate votes. Ergo,no decl yet
@kinsellawarren shouldn't we in the first place, elect leaders who are sound of mind, that this would not have to be done?
not that surprising. It has to be done. Some1 who cannot control his narcissistic outbursts cannot control his trigger finger!
I seem to recall a bi-partisan bill that passed Cong. H. Clinton voted for it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authorization_for_Use_of_Military_Force_Against_Terrorists …
@MaddowBlog @kylegriffin1 
Well god damn,I hope so! This lunitic thinks 6 million Mexicans jumped the fence, risked getting caught and voted
so funny and horrifying that this is an alternative fact believed! Please God fix stupid!!!
Not to be a party-pooper, but if Trump ignores this will it even matter?  If we strike with nukes, it's over.
He might still give a command, but it legitimizes the refusal of the people actually pushing the buttons
damn well better get this pass and QUICK!! he is a lunatic of out touch w reality & also vindictive to no ends.
.@flitedocnm Where were they with that during #Obama presidency? Just playing politics, no real concern for #WeThePeople
@garrison2451 Bwahahahahaha more useful liberal legislation! When do they propose a bill to make him be nice??
@keblahi so this is necessary now?  Wanaka is really nice as is Marlborough (great NZ wines) -  doctors can always get jobs anywhere
With Peter Thiel as your new neighbour, you might find Wanaka on someone's strike list just the same.
Didn't know that, never mind, lots of other nice places over there
The next legislation should be to vet presidential candidates. Mental health must be one of the tests to pass.
this test would disqualify Lincoln, he would be diagnosed with clinical depression today
Not my favorite anyway. Suspended Habius Corpus...? No not a hero at all.
I'm not arguing his greatness, just his competency. He was mentally ill, and fit to serve as President.
He didn't have megatons of nuclear weapons capable of ending civilization. Trump will use nukes....
oh I'm not saying Trump is competent. He's completely unfit and I agree: him using nukes is possible.
I'm just saying his fitness for office can be evaluated without diagnosing him as mentally ill
we nearly nuked Korea, and it wasn't because we were run by mentally ill people
If we're at the point where the president is gonna launch nukes you think s/he's gonna stop and ask congress if it's ok?
yea but the President doesn't launch nukes, he tells people to launch nukes. This gets put in the chain of command.
So we're gonna add a layer of bureaucracy to launching nukes? Imo bad idea for # of reasons-better things 2b spending time on
Just might save the world from certain annihilation.
Have to get this done! "it" IS TO MENTALLY UNSTABLE
@deray Need to dispan/repeal preemptive strike!
Thank God.
.@kylegriffin1 Nice try, but--RECOGNIZE Trump is MENTALLY ILL. He does WHAT HE WANTS REGARDLESS of consequences. Congress must HANDCUFF him.
thank you @tedlieu for introducing a check on this unbalanced power...
Of course, they did the same for Obama, right?
Tied to  War Powers Act that Congress has ignored for years? Good idea to get R's on record as to who has control, trust, etc.
Aw come on. I want to get it over with. Before the impulse from the flash has time to hit my brain I'll b vaporized.
YES! Do this thing!
just impeach him
GOOD! Now @EdMarkey & @TedLieu need to work on a resolution to remind Trump that we have LAWS & a CONSTITUTION he must follow!
Great bill hope it becomes law, at least they remember ,we are not a dictatorship,
Don't give him any hints. Gawd, he is dangerous @kylegriffin1
@KimKierkegaard sure we’ll just impeach him after the nuclear holocaust
maybe nobody should launch any bombs without first declaration of war. This is absolutely ridiculous. We did not elect a king.
seems pointless. This is like making suicide illegal. What the hell will he care once it happens?
@ruckawriter grandstanding...
Think that will stop him?
thank God some adults are left in the room.
@regsixer #ILoveLieu
Which he will simply ignore, just like he ignores everything else and does what he pleases.
Do you have the link for this ?
GOP are drunk with power and would rather  than protect
Thanks for spreading the word. With recent executive actions by the President, who knows what he will do with nuclear weapons.
Can you even imagine how much Trump & his billionaire cronies, inc. defense industry, would make from a new war?
How about non-nuclear strikes? 

Isn't there a constitution? Doesn't it mention Congress declaring war?
//Smart move.
I feel less afraid for Korea or Iran than I do for Sacramento.
I'm shocked that this isn't already a thing tbh.
Have you noticed?
Laws really aren't Trump's... Thing.
Can a country that doesn't exist Impeach a President in a bunker?
Glad the Pacific Northwest (& my state of Oregon) is leading the resistance.
Can we introduce one that doesn't let him do anything until he has a psyche evaluation.?
it's scary we have to put laws like this in effect.  It shows his own party knows he's unfit.
Not that Dr Strangelove respects the rule of law. Still waiting for taxes
,Will he listen.he doesn't Read,Should all Documents be directed to Reinces.He does the Reading,Trump has the Pen.Sign,Sign
,,,what a huge waste of time and taxpayer money.
@Amplitude350Lee Let's nickname Markey and Lieu "Check" and "Balance."  Come on @SenateDemocrats - step up!  #resist
@danoh No one ever thought we would possibly ever need something like this before. SAD!
But didn't we already say we can't trust him with nukes???
Someone has to restrain him. Thank God for Congress.
@WholePlateWay doesnt that sorta imply that they think he's unstable?  Then they should also be taking steps to remove him
YES!
we should also prohibit deregulation of cyber security, or weakening of policy. Next he'll be after #NIST
don't hold out hope GO6 is morally and ethically bankrupt
frightening that there is no confidence in the commander in chief.
Even Nixon didn't have to have emergency bill drawn up to keep him from nuking the VC!#NutcaseforaPresident #ImpeachNow#Resist
@deedee_Eee oh lord push this through quickly
My greatest fear is that my daughter will die in a nuclear holocaust brought on by a maniac with his finger on the button...
$20 says this goes no where.
The really scary thing...Rightwing/fox news followers/some on here will OPPOSE this/call it "illegitimate power grab".
Like a child, we must take away the toys with which he could hurt himself or others. Sad.
I'm glad it's not just me who is scared of what he may do. It's sad we even have to address this type of behavior. VERY SAD!
pls call your Senators and tell them to move quickly on this bill. Anyone who understands mental illness knows the urgency+RT
Write/call your senators & reps, tell them to cosponsor the bill "Restricting First Use of Nuclear Weapons Act of 2017."
encouraging that @edmarkey and @tedlieu are proposing restraints on executive power. Hope that others will support
so what? Seriously.
@MaddowBlog Well it best go through faster than other L gets passed.We have a madman with a childlike temper&wants to play war
@sfloridastorm Dems are suddenly all about limiting presidential authority. Weird....
will it pass?
launch on warning policy has been in place since the 80s, so no need for the President to have launch codes
GOP will kill this bill
Will Republicans vote to pass this? Not many seem to stand up to Trump.
(2/2) laughs out loud while shaking Trump's tiny hands! Sorry Canada wouldn't be quite enough now would it.
We should probably put someone else in charge of having nuke codes. God forbid when Trump bombs Canada because Trudeau (1/2)
@jimmyj48125 this is a statement of how afraid congress is, as afraid as the rest of us are!
They'd better be quick. if he can press the red button by mistake thinking he was sending out a tweet- we're all dead!
This might be the only way to prevent WW4 (WW3 was the cold one. The next won't be)
Insanity. if this passes it virtually guarantees a nuclear exchange if Congress authorizes war.
Great! At This Point I'd Trust The White House Butler With the Nuclear Codes Over Donald Trump...
.@kylegriffin1 First piece of legislation I've seen in a while that has a legitimate shot at saving human civilization!
@PoliticalLine This is excellent and so necessary.
Finally. 2 people for the people are showing backbone. Thank you from
If he wants to do it legislation won't stop him look what he is doing with all these companies when he knows they are illegal
This is where we're at??!

Castrating Trump does the same for future presidents. This is a shift of power to Congress from the President. Dangerous.
good idea except there's a ban on new legislation on top of the ban on talking to each other and the media.
can you cite your sources
thank God someone is doing something! I'm sure GOP will conv stall..
This needs to be the beginning of many!!
I agree!!
I hope this babysitting tea continues, haha!! These ppl will probably be burnt out w/in 3 months...I won't be surprised if
new people are constantly coming in to replace the aides who finally had enough & quit, lol.
Cheque please! Mr. Trump will be leaving now. We have a nice padded plane outside waiting to airlift you to Chez Putin. Bye!
@SueHDemocrat 

H O L Y.  S H I T !!!
What can anyone do to help? Is it time already for another demonstration?
I'm grateful they're introducing this. But the fact that they need to means he needs to be removed from office. #25thAmendment
.@kylegriffin1 Do you hve Cong. Record cite for this?
unfortunately I think THIS Congress would go right along with him--they're apparently bought and paid for! #TheResistance
In different' times I'd check to see if this was April 1, but today I'm glad they are trying
I hope this makes a difference. He doesn't seem to care what the laws are or what they stand for.
If he does Strike first, he'll Lie and say he didn't! Smh
@KrisColvin "potentially civilization-ending threat of nuclear war"
Let that sink in.
They need to fast track that thru
because he plays by the rules? #UnPresidented #TinyHandedPres #PissyPrez #DonTheCon .@realDonaldTrump
Already there 
@mightybattlecat This must happen! He's way, way unstable!
How about we also just tape his tiny little fingers together?
Congress and the Senate and everyone else needs a plan B,C,D,E... don't tell us,just have one...
@mightybattlecat OMG! He can do that w/out congress? I'm new to politics and I'm horrified.
@1jean_em   Thank God.
That has to be the dumbest piece of legislation in a long long time. Talk about playing into the Russians hands...
the fact that this kind of legislation is even necessary is scary. Zero trust in commander in chief from so many
Seems like what the Constitution would demand. I'd say nuking a country constitutes an act of war.
Holy Shit!!! That's all I got say about this!!!!!!!
I wouldn't trust that tweet happy finger near the codes either!!
the fact that this is felt to be necessary is breathtaking. And I agree it's necessary.
@SenMarkey @RepTedLieu If legislation is necessary, then perhaps the 25th Amendment, Section 4 should be considered.
this is crucial and critical.  Donny is insane..he's not able to be allowed anywhere near a nuke.   he could detonate one
lol in games of war this is exactly what any enemy is looking for.
@bmaynards5 if this needs to be done why the hell is he in power. Isn't this about as unfit as he can get?!
It surely can't be lost on ppl around him that he's off his gd rocker?! Or is it grab what they can & say nothing?
I think his insulators are either kissing ass or terrified at this point. Maybe both.
attn : @sarahkendzior
100000% agreement!

@sparrow42 Can that really stop him 
The worrisome thought about this legislation; Trump ignores the Constitution, he does not follow rules or laws.
The GOP will kill it, of course, but at least *some* Dems are taking this seriously.
Congress finally reeling in Presidential powers was the one good thing that could come out of a Trump presidency.
@RepTedLieu It's sad that this sort of legislation is a requirement. Thank you Rep. Lieu for your diligence!
This is really stupid. It takes days or weeks to get a D of W, when we would have 5-10 minutes to decide whether to launch?
Trump is unfit to make that decision, but he needs to be removed from office to remedy that, not the duties of office changed.
Thank God we have some sane people left in Washington.
This is looking more like a reality now.
so basically what happens from here is that the rest of the world starts electing even bigger mad men to lead their countries
GOP must step up but there's no evidence at this point that they will do so.They've deserted country in favor of party.
What's the remedy if he presses 1st and asks later?
Thank you. I can't believe that so many are giving up so many rights for the few crumbs he's giving them.
@PoliticalLine the fact this has to even be considered is frightening
it would be easier to just give him fake codes. Let his apt reality take over
Holy cow!
its funny and scary, good times. 
Just give him a Staples "Easy" button and put it on his desk, he'll never know the difference.
@PoliticalLine 

He'll do it now just to show them.
. @kylegriffin1 @thegarance Bad idea. We need the threat of a first strike to project power across the globe.
@MSNBC this legislation won't stop Trump this guy doesn't give a damn abt rule he's throwing out executive orders in defiance
you know we already have a no first strike policy
But those got damn Emails
In a squeaky voice "I'm scared"
And if you somehow get this through Congress, why is President Id going to sign this?
America should be TERRIFIED
already we've arrived here. 
day 4
thank you
@CalypsoCats Put another directive in there that the secret service has ok 2 take out Trumps private force in fight 4 football
They should have thought of that before they gave him the launch codes. Too late now.
Pretty sure Markey, at least, had nothing to do with Trump's getting elected. (I don't know Lieu.)
I just meant that law should have been passed before the inauguration.
Would've been nice, but with Dem minorities in both houses, it couldn't have happened.
How TF is this not ALREADY the case???
oh thank god. They're starting to realize how delusional, vengeful and impulsive he is.
@gregoryfoster good!
This should have been policy long ago.
It's sad that it's necessary.
@Shari2112  Will it help,?  He's so full of himself,he might ignore it

It's a damn shame we the people have to ring the bell of SHAME!! Louder SHAME!! next if he not listening #impreachthebrat
Hurry!
Nice but it will never pass.
@VoteNov2016
The hard reality is that once a release order is given there's no physical device on a SSBN that can stop a missile launch.
I hope this is not so..:
Unfortunately Kyle, it is. Once a Captain of an SSBN receives a valid code he'll launch to an assigned target.
Scary part is buying into this idea that Trump will not do something just b/c of a law. He's already ignoring several.
Oh, like that would matter. 
Your Honor, we... BOOOOOOOOOM
Yes congress! Please provide some much needed adult supervision.
@pdacosta Have they read the Constitution? This issue has tried and failed before.
@redmcgraw1 Bless them for that. 
@tedlieu Congress may shoot it down, but I would pay to see the floor debate!
I read that as Congo, and I'm kinda thinking DRC might be a better option
will it be enough?
Holy Shit.
#WWIII can't start b/c the #FugaziPresident feelings were hurt by a derogatory report made by another country. We need better
@CaptainsLog2017 YES YES YES YES YES.  

Limit the lunatic's powers!
