Remember, even to a lib Senator, People lighting fires & tossing urine on police is a "peaceful" protest. Where do they get these jackasses?
It2the democrat talking points of the day. Crafted before anything took place. They want to shape the narrative. Not going to work
Mark Mark Mark so Sad 
Agree, very sad. Way too many gullible people. It appears you qualify
Same old Mark that doesn't want to admit Trump is a failure 
He's not. Troll elsewhere or be blocked. Not as invisible as you think
I'm not trying to hide who I am. So block me if you must.
Bother someone else slick. No one solicited your opinion
Your proud of a town that allows little old ladies to be robbed in broad day light?
MOMENTS AGO: Woman waving American flag hit, dragged by protester at #FreeSpeechRally in #Boston. #BostonCommon 
And at the beginning of our nations history. Tea anyone?
Any democrat going to condemn the shootings and killings of police officers over the weekend! Probably not!
Peaceful moral resistant to free speech? https://t.co/svPqNb7Mjg?amp=1
Did you not see the news DAM yall are blind
Yes
A beacon of hope
#Boston has always played an important part in Americas past & it's  future journey 
Speaking as a #Brit
#TeaParty
Heres your pride
I think not allowing open carry made a huge difference.
Except that part about throwing urine and bottles at police...but let's not quibble
Don't confuse the poor guy with facts. He has a hard enough time finding his office.
@texasgirlinnyc"who believes in the free and respectful exchange of ideas" Senator Markey is one of the brightest lights in Congress
He ignored violence and hatred in his streets & falsely reported facts. His lightbulb needs to be changed so he can see.
Yes! Boston made its voice heard across America! From Ca your efforts applauded! Your massive numbers caused canceled KKK rallies!  #resist
Well-said, Sen Markey. Boston, as so often, leads the way.
Mmm what about those peaceful counter protestors who threw iron rocks and bottles at the police? You support that?
Apparently this alt left radical is proud when police are attacked. Still no retraction Ed?
Yeah at least they arrested the correcy people from the Dems hate group.
I guess you weren't there Downtown.
of course you are happy, left hate groups surpassed conservative protesters, wow bet your so proud mr leftist hate monger
Allowing those nazis into our city to begin with speaks volumes. You need to resign. Like a typical white man, trying to explain it away.
Peaceful? So you support violence directed at are brave men&women in blue? You ignorant, limousine Liberal clown.
All ANTI TRUMP protesters are not Antifa or associated despite what FOX TALK SHOW & BREITBART lies pandered! They stay home if NO ALT RIGHT
This will COST YOU re-election ED; Encouraging behavior that puts police in harms way will do that, limousine Liberal.
From a Yankee fan, God bless Boston! Well done 
I am thankful for all good MA leaders like you @SenWarren @RepKClark @MassGovernor @marty_walsh @bmadeloni @massteacher @MASchoolsK12 . .
Fascism is moral?
There may be a lot of shady cops running around MA, but I'm proud to live where they do respect citizens' rights. In your district.
Hmm anything for good press.
BPD is contradicting your characterization of this event in real time. I believe them.
Were you even there, or lounging in your Chevy Chase, MD mansion?
Why dont you haters go away? The protesters had almost 40,000
ppl; the Haters, between 40 & 80.
There were 30 arrests, out of 40k!
Grow up.
You resist a free speech rally. WTF?
See NYTimes "free speech rally"
NY Times is biased liberal garbage. Only a tyrant wants to protest free speech, even though he has a 1A right to protest free speech.
So you resist free speech, advocate violence against the elderly, throwing bottles of urine at police and lighting fires. Good to know.
It's ok because they were protesting imaginary nazis.
Antifa supporter still hasn't retracted his praise for racists on the left.
That's no thanks to hypocrites on the left, you socialist living commie
Keep it up Boston
Progressive Democrats need to  look in the mirror:
Are you on LSD?
Resistant of what? A few dozen people at a FREE SPEECH rally? Thoughts on the rocks and urine hurled at BPD?

Your side played itself, guy.
Yes so very peaceful while throwing piss at cops. So very moral as well. Don't believe everything you see on #FakenewsCNN
Hi,student loans R a mess.Why not start fresh after reducing current loan2 principle&split it
4ways,fed,bank,state,Students. Erease it after
Wait until you see the cost of cleaning up after 20,000 out-of-towners.
Regardless of the source, reject all violence , rasicim, & hatefulness. Dems r not doing America good by favoring one side over the other.
Congress must not be exempt from ACA or other laws.They serve& work 4us.They don' live above us &must bide by the very laws they legislate.
If U want2 fix health care. Here is an idea 4u. Senators & Congressmen must not have better health care quality than average American Can!!
Didn't see any Massachusetts senators there did you?
This is the way protests are meant to be. Good for Boston and your police. Sad for Charlotteville and their police
Wow, the trolls are out in force this evening! So brave of them! I was actually in the BLM march and in general it was peaceful.

Except for that violent left wing throwing rocks, bottles and urine on the Boston police officers it went very well.
Throwing urine on policemen is peaceful? Hmmmmmm...
Yes, I was very impressed to see the PD actually managing the crowd and doing their job excellently!!
LOL to the Senator.  Thank you Boston Police for dealing well with the riff raff who cannot keep bottles in their hands. You're the best.
Also: https://twitter.com/circa/status/899001094067544064 …

#Boston
UPDATE: #Boston police tweeted asking protesters to stop throwing 'urine, bottles and other harmful projectiles’ http://bit.ly/2vSj1Ko  
Previously, in Boston:

https://twitter.com/stump4trumppac/status/898977852321878016 …

Maybe talk to your police force before commenting how peaceful a protest was
Tensions Rising In #Boston; Riot Police Have Arrived. Alt-Left Extremists Tussle With Police & Curse At Them 
A virtue-signalling tweet from disgusting @SenMarkey 
A Democrat Drunk like his idol Senator "Chappaquidick" Ted Kennedy
#MAGA
@SenateDems @bostonpolice
Yeah, I guess you're right.

#BPD is asking individuals to refrain from throwing urine, bottles and other harmful projectiles at our officers.
Nothing personal- but could you please just go away.
Dylan Thomas: "Do not go gentle into that good nite, rage, rage at the dying of the light". Don't let the soul die, fight for love & peace.
Altrit threw human waste on pd at Charlottesville-look it up.  Regardless, the individuals who do it should be incarcerated
#BostonStrong forever in my 
@SenMarkey = part of the bloated, overpaid, corrupt Congress. Vote @LPNational in 2018.
I hope we can do the same on Tuesday!
Trump u listening?
And the hits keep coming!

Whistleblower TarrefSimon is bring attention tothe contaminatedwater @ the VA.#Justice4Vets
http://setexasrecord.com/stories/511049238-former-worker-accuses-veteran-s-administration-medical-center-of-dirty-water-conditions … 
"Resistant"... back the cops not your leftist agenda
So throwing urine at police officers, dragging an older woman holding the American flag is peaceful? Libs really are delusional!
I think they had a lot of PD wagons, surely, they hauled the violent thugs out?
Delete your endorsement of the incited militia for your party's agenda. There is video evidence all over & Boston PD contradicts you
If you're proud of this you must've cried when the Soviet union broke up
You're also a leader on violence, and fascism. Against the first amendment our government turning its  back on law abiding citizens
Glad to see that throwing urine at police officers has now become acceptable
throwing rocks peaceful? bottles of piss at BPD officers peaceful? Might question your def. of moral as well, and what r they resisting?
Why don't you apologize for the Trump supporters that had urine thrown on them? You'd demand @GOP do same if reversed. Absolute hypocrite.
They are attacking police, throwing rocks, bottles of piss. How is that moral and peaceful?
Yes, @bostonpolice!  Good job under stressful times.  Proud of police and proud of #resistance
I guess you missed the BPD tweet about rocks, urine and other things being thrown at the police. #factfreemarkey
Opportunist politician,Sir,why didntyiu take the opportunity 2condemn the elderly woman attack,urine and other items thrown at police force
Guess you haven't seen real time videos of abusive #Antifa & #BLM to sane conservativesTheir treatment of Afghanistan Vet Its horrifying! 
The GOP treats most Vets in a horrific way. No appts. No Cannabis for PTSD. Fuck GOP war mongers. So quick to send our kids. SO slow to help
Were you there? I thought you lived in Maryland?
Clearly you don't get NEWS
I think u were at a different rally
Yep, because throwing bottles is peaceful

#BPD is asking individuals to refrain from throwing urine, bottles and other harmful projectiles at our officers.
I guess liberals find this peaceful 
(UPDATED) Video: Antifa Attacks Woman Holding American Flag in Boston, Hits and Drags Her Across Boston Common http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/08/video-antifa-attacks-woman-holding-american-flag-boston-drags-across-boston-common/ …
As long as they "peacefully" douse you with urine it's ok. What a joke.
As long as nobody drives a van or a truck into a crowd killing people we are lucky.
Art.
They are throwing piss on police officers. Are you fucking crazy?
Throwing rocks and police officers is not peaceful
Just gonns lay this here.
#UPDATE: #BPD confirming rocks being thrown at officers on Tremont at West.
Rocks, feces and urine being thrown at police officers is peaceful? Oh ok then.
Could you be any more out of touch with what's actually going on?
Except for the police getting assaulted right?
This is our America! #NoHate
Joke!
That's not what I see and hear!
Yep the town that is best known for throwing its piss out into the streets.
Hey Eid "the distinguished gentleman from @georgesoros nutsack" do U always lie to kick it on the internet?
Time for you to call for Trump's resignation along with VPOTUS Gore.
Snatching American Flag from a woman, hiding behind mask, throwing bottles, urine, & rocks at police & I didn't see any kkk, you're a joke
Anita wearing bullet proof vest & gun found...the American people are watching this...you have nothing to be proud of...supporting 1 hate
terrorist group over another hate terrorist group...

We rallied in Pittsfield too. Peaceful & energized 
So sad that we have to congratulate people for acting civil and not like violent animals .... from video footage, it's not even true.
Retire, you obviously r not mentally well. If you think that throwing rocks, throwing balloons filled with urine is peaceful, please retire

#BPD is asking individuals to refrain from throwing urine, bottles and other harmful projectiles at our officers.
Not with u there
Peaceful
This is the mess radicals find themselves in. Peaceful rocks thrown? Ed knows he can't call out alt left. shameful.
If you believe the thugs are peaceful it's only because they are obviously your supporters Only criminals wear a mask to a rally
They were throwing urine
Don't suppose you saw the elderly lady with an American flag get tossed to the ground did ya Markey?
You sir are an idiot If you believe the thugs wearing masks are being peaceful then invite a few over to your mansion for a beer or two

Unless you got slammed with urine and feces by your BLM/antifa crew.  Stop pandering to these criminals.
Liberals only hear what they wish
Members of your democrat plantation were throwing urine at people Senator Malarkey.
They didn't kill a US citizen by running her over with a car.
So, what they did wrong is ok? NEITHER IS OKAY. NEITHER IS RIGHT. Doesn't anybody get it yet?
I get that I'll protest against white supremists.
They're utter jerks. Nation is wasting time providing them with a spotlight. They love riling people and knowing they have your attention.
Is this peaceful? 
http://content.jwplatform.com/previews/WWTvAxxa-OwlNfjNX …
Except for the 20 or so arrests and the peace loving left throwing urine on officers and beating up Trump supporters, I guess it was.
RESISTANT to what? Leftist encroachment on free speech rights? Divisive identity politics? Ur PROUD Boston police hit by projectiles, urine?
Proud that they are protesting AGAINST Free Speech? Is that a joke?
Was wondering @SenMarket when can I come and throw urine on you, since it's a peaceful action. Let me know ok.
Pig !
they are throwing urine at the police Ed.  How are you proud?
@massdems It was great. All did great . We saw peace. We saw a statement with peace. U saw true America today.
BPD had to send out a message asking the alt left to stop throwing urine and projectiles at their officers. That's your side Ed.
Just remember your definition of "peaceful" should things turn.
Except for the ANTIFA throwing rocks at police. Right?
Urine being thrown at Police, projectiles being thrown at Police by LEFT - are you drunk on a beach somewhere?
Dumbest tweet of http://day.You  win!
Hey Ed - YeAh urine bottles thrown at Boston Police real peaceful protestors .. again you don't look at the facts
Really? What an ignorant pandering shill!
Seems like a weird thing to protest/resist, but to each their own...Props to the cops for keeping things under control. #freespeech
The opposite is ALWAYS true with Democrats..
You're confused. That's @potus you're talking about.
You mean aside from the Trump supporters that were assaulted just for having a different political opinion? MOB RULE IN BOSTON. @SenMarkey
Experience says wherever Antifa shows up there's violence! But, Soros thanks u for pushing propaganda. Might've saved ur career 1 more day.
Someone should throw urine at you.
Well then, Senator, yr ecstasy over the thugs who shot up several police ofcrs, killing two in Kissimmee is showing.  #Boston #Communism
So you defend #antifa over your own police force?
https://youtu.be/GqI2JsMGqAs  #EatANazi #EatAntifa #EatCops #EatProtesters #EndHumanity #ZombieFoodIsPeople #Nazi #Antifa #Police #Protesters #BLM

Are you blind or just stupid? Throwing piss at people is not peaceful. Attacking cops is not peaceful. Suckerpunching people is not peaceful
"Could you ask your peaceful leftists to stop throwing rocks and piss at police, thanks" - Boston PD
You do know LEO are being attacked with rocks & other weapons. Attacking LEO is violence not peaceful or moral. Come on speak up for LEO
This is what the Left is now, willfully Orwellian distortion of Reality. Luckily, it's why they'll keep losing allowing freedom to prosper.
So you hate the 1st Ammendment and applaud violence against the police. Good to know.
The Left in Boston.
Are you stoned? Communist Antifa beating on elderly conservatives is peaceful? I think a recall election is due
I guess you are more interested in a narrative than facts
Wrong senator. We believe the police department who are being attacked by domestic terrorists.
They had to shut down a free speech rally you goof

MOMENTS AGO: Woman waving American flag hit, dragged by protester at #FreeSpeechRally in #Boston. #BostonCommon 
That's not quite the same as killing someone. And she doesn't appear to be hurt.
While you sit comfortably behind a TV smoking a cigar, Boston police are having urine and feces thrown at them by antifa.
Guess you haven't talked to #BPD

Sir could you please step in and be our president? Right now we don't have one, we have an angry step-president trying to hurt everyone.

#BPD is asking individuals to refrain from throwing urine, bottles and other harmful projectiles at our officers.

#UPDATE: #BPD confirming rocks being thrown at officers on Tremont at West.
