You mean "President Trump"!  I'm sure you meant to put that as your headline! President Trump is the correct language!
When did he get elected commander in chief? Ugh
No and hell no! Never engage with a certified crazy person. Clinton did and look what happened
US is in helpless situation & because if it's own doing !
We are NOT helpless but we do need to develop a stragety with all of our Allies.
Just look at present attack on Syrian base -an emotional reaction ! Where is hard evidence that president of Syria used chemical weapons !!
Whether we have proof or not it is not our duty
 It's the UN
The UN will be useless. Any proposed action will be vetoed by Russia.
That's why asked for restructuring or they will restructure after ww3 , just as after ww1-league of nations ( failed) ww2-UN ( failed)
"Stupidest thing I ever heard" - is probably what anyone living in #China, #Japan & #SouthKorea are saying now.
if the senator goes away, trump could work on real prob of world
China will not. If anything, China has prohibited ROK entertainers to China, the sales of Lotte products bcoz of THAAD in the South.
Hmmm. I'm not sure about "direct talks. "
Oh please, as if direct talks will result in an agreement that North Korea will finally not break once they get food, oil, or whatever from
Someone else. North Korea will Sabre Rattle for Food....
Totally agree!
If Russia and China collaborate the USA will be in trouble bigly
He don't want to talk you only thing that guy over there North Korea wants to do to show that he has a big penis to the rest of the world
The problem with this, if direct talks fail the US will still blame it on China
Muslims kill 48 Christians at church today and CNN has no story...Hummm...Islam the religion of pieces.
Did he really say "talks"?? Oh hells NO!
China tighten sanctions!? The DPRK regime's resilience is based on a few factors & it's symbiotic relationship with China being crucial.
I think he should negotiate the talks by himself.
Nice proposition. If such things happens. There must be direct talks.
That would sound like a Beavis and Butthead conversation
Yes, because Kim Jong Un seems like such a sweetie...
yes he should personally go to North Korea alone and talk to him.
How do you negotiate w/someone who wants you dead?
You can't talk to a box of rocks.
No we can't have two narcissistics talk!
Don't hold ur breath
The Democrats have never had an answer to foreign policy concerns.  Made the US seems weak!
Sending in Dennis Rodman to help?!
And tell him what let's be friends?
I agree with that. N KOREA is completely isolated. Doesnt mean we agree with him. Its sort of like Russia. They dont like being isolated.
Will it be ok to undermine those sanctions, like Trump did/is doing to Obama's Russia sanctions.
He's 3rg generation Kim family,extremely delusional, he killed half his own family,    Yea let's chat.  Read about this guy
The great leader doesn't do that,
Their nothing to say it's the usa way
Not trump personally he has a evil mouth and mind send anyone but his family
No please he has the mentality and vocabulary of a 5 year old let's those with experience handle the talks with other countries
All heel.is about to brake loose...
Is Trump going to threaten Kim Jong Un's favorite cafeteria? He saw what Trump did to Assad's, so we mean business
Maybe their nannies could take them to the park, and they could talk while being pushed on the swings.
There you go, we will eventually turn North Korea against China. What a brilliant strategy. Hope Chinese too dumb to see it.
cnn, what are you trying to peddle now?
Wouldn't that be the blind leading the blind. Only plus could be having proof Kim has bigger hands than Trumpleforeskin
China will never allow NK to collapse. Why is it so difficult for US to understand that?
If we don't feed them they will not have energy to fight!
I'd love to see the two of them go head to head. It would be hilarious
45 said China should take care of NK, Today US naval ships going closer to NK.  What did China offer 45 this weekend?
What's good for the goose is also good for the gander
Let's be HONEST here. When it comes to Nuclear Weapon, why will some countries have it but don't want others to have it?
Let's bring ISIS to the table too while were at it
When was the senator picked to be our secretary of state. When will he put country over party?
Can't negotiate with CRAZY
Hello stupid!
This TrumpGreatNegotiator bs needs to stop. A bully with all the cards doesn't negotiate. He bullies. See civil suits vs Trump Inc.
Abuse of power
This guy is a prime example of the illness "LibTardness"
A direct bullet to the head would be the solution.
I'm sure Kim Jong Un would really stick to a deal?  There's only one deal he'll stick to
That's what I said
@realDonaldTrump let the Russia investigation continue, not so fast Donny
Do these idiots realize talking to these dictators in other countries will not change s***Assad and Putin I like Trump Pure Evil
Warmongering US disregards international systems & considers itself judge, jury & executioner.
Do you really think most of Syria and NK want to flee there coyntry. Put the people on a level fighting field.
Then the liberal snowflakes will say POTUS TRUMP IS IN BED WITH NORTH KOREA.
There's no proof his cabinet took money from North Korea unlike Russia.

What a freakin joke engage in direct talks what is this guy smokin? U.S and Nato need to get rid of this guy and his regime
Can't rely on China or NK to act rationally or in USA  interests. Talks with KJU would be a major jerk off so why not just contain
Talk to him alright and tell him that we will obliterate him if he as much as looks sideways at us or our allies.
Me: Are you out your damn mind??
Sounds like a winner.
Worked great for Bill Clinton to negotiate, stopped N. Korea from going nuke. Pathetic, negotiating with murderous dictators always fails.
The thing is Kim jong un is not a extreme muslim , he's an extreme Korean
No. North Korea, like Syria, cannot be trusted.
Exactly. Amen
WHAT that's crazy
By far the dumbest MASS Senator of all time, and that's not easy to do...
Pay no attention to the communist senator behind the curtain!
NK is china idiots !
China off protein.
