 Democrats pretending to care about hardworking Americans. Nah, bruh. Party of illegal aliens and refugees.
GOP is made up of billionaires and has a platform built on helping the 1% make more money, how are they helping middle class?
Have you ever gotten a job from a poor person?
funny how people forget how we got here. The republicans refusing everything Obama tried to do
because what Obama tried to do was to turn America into a middle east slum. Obama was an incomptent ideologue.
Yeah...worried about them hard working Americans...They seem to be worrying about everyone but hard working Americans
That's right. Nailed the true narrative.
@SenMarkey You've already lost this 1.  We ALL know the Democratic party doesn't care about hard working, economy driving Americans
he won't even meet with the man, so how does he know for sure. Closed minded dem. politics. Hillary lost
@SenMarkey Snarky Markey is falling in line with all of the other unhinged obstructionist... not surprised!
Wrong, wrong, wrong. OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP  is choosing the best of the best for America.
@SenMarkey #politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts what a joke dems don't care about folks who want to work and get ahead
@SenMarkey    There is no way Markula sent any of this, he sleeps during the daylight hours.
No. Progressives are rigging the entire system against America and everything it was founded to be and you know it.
What would a Dem Senator know about hard working Americans!!
Funny. Hard working Americans voted Trump in to put a conservative judge on the Supreme Court. No one is buying your Fake News.
Too true.
@BellaDawn01527  I believe it he is very conservative on some of his points of view
#electionshaveconsequenses
Didn't Dems support this guy in 2006.
by nominating the exact same kind of judge he is replacing, and one that won unanimous support.  Ok, chief.
WRONG
not against but in favour of.
b.s.
Go Nuc on them. They would.
well if we're going by 1776 law only white land owing males are Americans
do you want to buy some land?
Another lie from the Dems who want to destroy the constitution.
he is trying to rig the entire government against us.
oh yeah, cuz Merrick Garland was so great #insincere #pearlclutching
There's a perfect example of a special form of stupid, and defying reality. Get mental help for this moron. What a drone.
FAKE NEWS
For the umpteenth time all Senate Democrats must stick together and block  EVERYONE - Adolf puts up for nomination
that means the Dems are capable of furtive thought. Nah, just foolish children of the corn.
How about Senators that praise Trump's SCOTUS pick? Oh right, The Hill is a biased, unfair, Libtard fake news outlet. #thedownhill
Markey never met a bullshit regulation he didn't like.He's the problem.
Isnt Senator Markey kind of the pot calling the kettle black?
You don't have to be Sherlock Holmes to figure that out!!! Just what USA needs,another extreme right Troglodyte on the Court!
its terrible what dems are doing right. But we forget the the plain republicans made to block Obama no matter what
Poor Dems. Only few weeks in and they seem spent. Need to pace themselves. Over 7 years to go. #MAGA
We may be the deplorable but DEM have become the Irrelevants. Continue to talk out their a**
replacing a murdered conservative justice with a conservative justice. Hardly rigging you fools.
even if I was in the opposition party, I could never do what these folks are doing. Shameful. It is not noble to always defy.
....not Warren but pretty damn close!
That who he's fighting for.
I concur
shouldn't be surprised he's been screwing the American worker his whole life
I'm guessing that was Warren....
wish we could find something the dems actually approve of but thats impossible
Garland
lol. He's trying to save hardworking gun owning Americans against racist baby killers.
Dem senators will be losing alot more seats soon..
or maintain the same balance... Maybe dems should wait for the next pick to get their panties in a bunch
elections have consequences remember?   Enjoy the next 8 years snowflake
This is the nonsense one would expect from a lib den in mass.
dont worry its all white
Sotomayor?
president trump
