Right. Nothing has changed. You're still obstructing, still hurting this country. Please resign. You're worse than Reid.

Yes little has changed...Reps are still trying to figure out how to clean up the HYPOCRATS colossal mess Ocare that you supported.
Great Recession, corporate greed, and offshoring of jobs didn't hurt America enough. Introducing ... #Trumpcare #MakeAmericaHurtAgain #MAHA
An "age tax?" What the hell? Because we all know that older people on fixed incomes have more money to blow. How is that not discriminatory?
Just another twist of words and lies to scare people from the left!  How come millions didn't die in streets BEFORE Obamacare???

Honest question:

Whose lives are better today because @realDonaldTrump is President and why?
If better means richer, it's Trump and his family (by violating the Emoluments Clause).
I'm already seeing the benefits. Deporting benefit sucking illegals is just one of many
From his date perch living inside a computer, he knows so much about human existence. 

Mercerbots aren't very bright.
Neither are Trump supporters. LOL! I cant tell the difference 
@POTUS @JEFFSESSIONS @4US_WORKERS @STEPHENMILLERAL PROTECTIONS? WHAT ABOUT PROTECTIONS TO AMERS TRAINING THEIR GOV'T ISSUED H1B RPLMTS?
They are so disgusting how could they even tried to pass their crap
Clarification, the word "decimate" means to reduce by 10%
all that we have.heard for the last 9 years is that the Republicans is going to fix an replace Obama care in 2018 You will pay for not doing
Can I keep my doctor like our past president said I could...
They are all liars
Critical damage done with #obamacare. Stop obstructing, criticizing. Ur job is to serve American ppl. work with @potus on #healthcare reform

Really! Why not!!!
Thank you, @SenSchumer & @SenGillibrand -- so grateful to have two senators fighting for our lives.

And Obcare failing.
You are not doing what you said you would do your going to hurt the elderly the ones On Medicaid  the ones that has pre-existing conditions
That is so Screwed Up. An age tax on older Americans. F••• that.  That is just Flat out WRONG   Wake Up @GOP  That is a Death Bill
It's got a better chance of getting fix than the N.Y. N.Y. transit system. The South has been fulfilling the needs of corporate America
Lets start the "Fuck Chuck " club
OK Chuckie. Keep fighting for Obamacare. It is a total mess and getting worse & the Dems want to keep it. #clueless
Give it up you are nothing but a rotten egg currently in office, you do nothing and should not be paid
No-one cares what you have to say @SenSchumer.  You and your left wing cry babies have been against #POTUS Trump since he ran.
Could this bill be any more hurtful to the POOR and the ELDERLY??????????? That's you and me, people. 

Oh, but Congress excluded.
Chuck
It's #TrumpNoCare bill
You never served one day in the military- go away with your bullshit dude
YOU ARE A LIAR ! How dare you deceive Americans with your lies to try and protect your losing Party, ship of fools!

and gives 172 billion in tax break to wealthy. How do they even justify this when cutting Medicaid for poor? How does it make sense? SAD!!

hello, neanderthal, go hug your imagniery wall, cause real one will never be built, since it is a stupid idea in this day and age, AD not BC
Senator - it sets the stage for a massive wealth transfer from the weakest and sickest to some of the wealthiest people on the planet
Nonsense
note the bit about 'revenue neutral' http://thehill.com/policy/finance/335346-five-tax-reform-issues-dividing-republicans …  I'm assuming there have to be cuts to spread the wealth around.. thoughts?
Socialist thinking. The premise itself is faulty. Not role govt. Screw up what they touch. Free Market brings down cost.Economics 101.
vs. so called 'capitalist thinking' where more money is taken off the poorest among us.. free markets have never produced savings in health
U don't get it. It's not th govts job.

that's a clever image - but the original constitution didn't guarantee the right for women to vote either.. sometimes you have to change
Hey Chuckles!  It's not Trumpcare...it's the Dem failed bailout of OBAMACARE.  Why would you put Trump's name on it...trying to be a dick?
You Democrats are really unAmerican
This is not helping anybody Senator.  Dems creating horror stories and fear mongering.  Spend equal time on solution please!
This wouldn't have been a problem if you worked together 8yrs ago. Instead you did exactly what the Reps are doing now. Change the rules
Obama tried to work together but the pro publicans just wanted him to fail they didn't care about the substance
The Republican party has become America's #1 terrorist group & should be treated as such.
PLEASE STOP THIS HEINOUS BILL.
THANK YOU.
Signed,
An "older" American
And subsidizes the insurance providers who are already making megabucks sucking the life's blood out of the health care system
A health care bill generally includes some actual health care services. This Republican farce must continue to be rejected until it does.
For Chrissakes Senator.... this can't happen!!!
The only difference is Trump said he will be angry if they don't pass ANYTHING they are such cowards this will pass, PARTY OVER COUNTRY
Trumpcare is oxymoron. Trump doesn't care......
Sen.Chuck Schumer, I am over 81 yrs., how much tax will come out of my income of $1,096.81?
Cont.Sen. Schumer, for the age tax.IRS told me NOT TO FILE income tax, too low!!  Please do not vote for this HORRENDOUS Health Care Bill.
He won't be voting for this bill Marylyn, you can count on that.
Denise, how do you know he won't be voting yes on HCB? I did get that impression but they are really lobbying to get enough votes to pass it
Because he is the Senate Minority Leader (Democrats) and an outspoken opponent of this "healthcare" bill. The
senate Democrats of which he is the leader are extremely opposed to this sham tax break for the wealthy the GOP
are trying to pass
Maybe you should have supported Medicare for All instead of this industry friendly Obamacare nonsense.
Whatever; it's a step up from "you'll have to pass the bill to find out what's in it."  Remember that?  Good times.
In a few short months you've become worse that Harry Reid...  time to start getting things done, quit obstructing!
False... way to spread lies....
You lie like the low life dog you and your party are.

The poor and some not so poor are going to be f**ked regardless. The cards are stacked until there is some real intel that stops this.
When is your party going to admit the disaster called Obamacare
Free market economy! Covering pre-existing conditions is ridiculous.  Purchase healthcare that you need and can afford.
I'm nobody and know GOPs who vote yes to this do not care about their constituents.
make it simple 4 trump supporters if the gop passes their healthcare bill and if u live outside the metropolitan area u wont have local care
This is a lie, you should really be honest about this bill you are so corrupt
Chucky,  U voted for that Obama Heath Care trash that is sinking like the Titanic. Your opinion does not go very far when it comes 2 health.
BY THE VOTER'S OF OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP!! PEOPLE WILL NOT DIE ! ABLE BODY PEOPLE ON MEDICARE WILL BE TAKING OFF !; OBSTUSTIOUS ;
Can't you tell us we are going to die? I love the part where we are all going to die & you get all weepy! Ye we are all gonna die sometime
This is horrible they should be ashamed!
Wrong. If you read it you would know.
Repeal the whole thing #maga
For millions, the GOP healthcare bill is a one way ticket to...
Then Trump has some really dumb idiots calling him God.. Hahahahaha They are just idiots!
You're the weakest Senate Minority Leader the #Democrats ever had. Why is @SenSanders still enjoying Dems $ while ridiculing us & @FBI inves
You poor baby you have to give up two weeks of your vacation to do your job how sad for you even tho you get more vac than anyone else
You told the Truth Instead of lies like the @GOP @DNC honest on Trump Care as Is @ASlavitt

A truly witchhunt to all needed Americans from the Republicans. Not fake news
I want your free healt care we the people pay for you !
Congress gets what we get. Submit a bill for that
Senator Schumer one question do you believe in "GOD"
That's it
Mr Schumer. Quit telling the American people lies. Get to working
Let obummercare fail Chuckie! I want to choose my own insurance. Do not pick for Americans.
KEEP ON OPPOSING AND TRYING TO STALL TRUMPS AGENDA, WE WANT YOU AND THE OTHER OPPOSITION DEMS OUT! PELOSI, MAXINE, MORE LOSSES
63 MILLION VOTED FOR POTUS, YOU SEEM TO IGNORE THAT,ALONG WITH THE OTHER DEMOCRATS AND YOU OPPOSE AT EVERYTHING, GODS IN CONTROL  MR SCHUMER
these Republicans are responsible for the downfall of US decency meeting in private, ashamed of their own wrongdoings!
Repeal and Replace.
When are you going to make the people of New York State proud?? We never hear solutions, only complaints!
Opioid issue, why does this get greater attention then Diabetes or Cancer or Heart Disease. Drug use is a choice
That is because U people will not work together,it is about time U start
What is senate doing 2 make changes that actually help all Americans continue 2 contact your reps & senator horrible healthcare #RepealBill
Off Medicaid= on insurance ? Opioid issue is priority of Administration will be supported separate from healthcare
Donald Trump was elected to repeal the ACR and the individual mandate.
You lie more than #FraudNewsCNN. All your loyal followers here believe you, very dangerous. SAD!
Chuckie, pass something will ya. You make Harry reid look good. How do you look in the mirror? Demostructionist you are.
Why aren't we seeing Dem health care bill spokesmen out in full force on network news and cable explaining the harm of this bill?
“@SenSchumer: Well, we've now seen the revised Republican #Trumpcare bill. Little has changed. ”
LOL that's all I can do when I think of the name... 
As the "loyal opposition" isn't it your duty to offer counter proposals? Then do your damn job and stop the partisan politics.
What r u doing to fix Obamacare-nothing. U r a failure
Do you read anything before commenting? Is so you need tutoring because obvisously misread the entire proposal.
Only God can take away that permanent frown you have sir!
So the older people who've paid taxes and premiums the longest get screwed? WTH
Hey Chuckie your cult followers may believe your lies. We know the truth and you're FOS. Getting lessons from CNN are you?
To fight OPIOID ADDICTION, you need to fund BORDER PATROL, ATF, and ICE! Heroin floods across the border EVERY DAY & is now called "OPIOIDS"
Your goal has NEVER been to fix healthcare, but to make "R's" look bad, and push single payer. Lucky for us HRC did NOT get elected!
Chucky you have nothing better and the whole healthcare system is now a wet blanket on this country. Help get it right !
Quit obstructing!!!!!
Fact is Chuck that government can't fix healthcare.  Over 25% of federal spending is on health care now. More than on defense
Then get off your butt and do something! You're a whining disgrace.  Quit complaining & work together!
The Left are liars!!!
You're still a liar and an obstructionist interested in only yourself.  That hasn't changed #cryingchuckie
Well, let's see what YOU have come up with...besides OBSTRUCTION!
We are counting on you @SenSchumer !! Whip one more Repub that has a a little bit of heart for the American people!!
YOU will need to look YOUR constituents in the eye..and tell THEM why YOU did NOTHING but obstruct the POTUS..and NOTHING to move us FORWARD
Go away Chuck Schumer!  Time for new blood!!!
What a liar, you are making me ashamed supporting your in the past
23 ppl/wk die from op. OD in red/swing state Ohio; 1196/yr gone, + grieving fam & friends + live addicts must impact Repub vote;  stupid GOP
Why haven't you and your caucus tried to either fix the disastrous ACA or helped GOP repeal and replace? #No ideas
The GOP is now the world' most powerful American terrorist group led by Agent Orange.
We need someone to write an All American Healthcare Bill for elected Republicans. Similar to the one they wrote but with more exclusions.
You spelt #Deathcare wrong.
Democrats start leading work together and give Americans alternative to trump don't hang back
Millions need to be off Medicaid & states are constantly enforcing independence, so let them be independent. How much is senior tax..$2.00?
Chuck please help the elderly sick poor disabled veterans. Democrats need to get together and help us.
This is #GOPCare...the entire party is responsible for this crime against the American people.
Age tax wtf?

Dear Mr.Chuck Schumer you are wonderful.
Mr Schumer, how many folks do not have health care now because they cant afford it. How much do you pay for health care
It's called #trumpdontcare
You speak bad about the bill chuckie but no one has seen yours....is that because you don't have one so all you can do is whine about theirs
Please take steps to demand security clearance is taken away from Kushner
@GOP that's not a healthcare bill in case you were wondering and not all conservatives, moderates, and libertarians are supporting it.
And the senate made sure to exempt themselves from this Healthkill bill!  Funny how what's good for the people is not good for the Senate!
U always get ur 2 cents in, don't u. But r ur remarks personal or of people u represent? I wonder!
Standard Democratic BS...bet you had this done up long before you read it, if you indeed have even done so.
So stop complaining about the other guys plan and deliver a plan of your own that's better.don't complain #DoSomething
Do not pass this bill Republicans or Democrats
The Party before Americans is getting old. Put the People first. No point is needed to be made at the expense of the people.
This needs to end! Democrats and Republicans need to work together to fix what we have. Make American People Important again not Party
Mr Schumer are you on Obama care?
IT NEEDS TO BE TRASHED ,ALL OF IT.
Maybe if they use a softer font and wider page margins it'll seem less mean.
No, he promised healthcare be AVAILABLE to every American Citizen. NOT free healthcare for anyone that comes to USA.
@POTUS @SenateMajLdr
They have been lying from the beginning and everyone knows that they lie. But they think no one knows. Dumb Dodos. It's the bread, Fred. $$$
insurance plans are immoral. including the ACA and the BCRA. they are designed to limit care in exchange for company profit. @singlepayer.
Medicaid money needs to be spent for Job training along with private sector. People can't have medicaid as their normal income. Grow up...
What do you have to say about that?
I'm losing my insurance this month because of high price. Meds go from $175 to over $1200.Another massive heart attack is imminent.I'll die.
What did change was the amount of wax in republicans ears.
Blah blah blah
Been a democratic supporter now independent not a fan of the republic but john mccain gets a pick 4 the pentagon,4 his opposition of Russia!
U EXPECTED OTHA?????????
Please do not vote for KILLCARE. affects children like Aiden, paralyzed frm neck down in April, https://www.gofundme.com/aiden-henry-and-family-support … …
OF course, because the kind of change one could believe in went out the window long ago. But isn't  #MAGA feel good? 
Because to give all citizens what they want in a health ins policy means a govt program is not http://sustainable.Insurance  is a risk business.
So what are YOU saying to @lisamurkowski @SenSusanCollins @SenDeanHeller @SenJeffFlake
That's a Boat load of Twisted evil sum a Bitches to even think such ...Who the hell voted for these pukes ....

The @SenateGOP health care bill released today is the worst one yet: 
Party of no including no ideas
This bill still guts Medicaid-this will kill millions of Americans both young and old-Must have a NO vote on any Medicaid cuts
Like all your Tweets %
Please make this nonsense stop...the Repubs haven't even researched or debated any of the details!!...they should be ashamed of themselves!
How do you think we got into this problem?  The Dems forced ACA on America. Even exempted states and unions. # PASS IT TO KNOW WHAT'S IN IT
Let's face it, the GOP is trying to kill us all.
Oh stop!!!
I would like to see your plan
IMPROVE ALL BENEFITS IMMEDIATELY FOR EVERYONE . CONGRESS STEALS WASTES OUR  $$ STOP SENDING OTHER COUNTRIES HOMELESS POOR HERE
GET TOUGH OR I WILL REMOVE  U TOO. I CAN DO ANYTHING I WANT TO DO.  FREE COLLEGES UNIVERSITIES GRADUATE MEDICAL LAW
@CesamalS STOP ALL TRAITORS THIEVES STEALING TAXPAYERS $ ENRICHING THEMSELVES HURTING KIDS POOR SICK DISABLED VETERANS
You had a chance.  You'll be forgotten like harry ass Reid
Better than Obama schumerPellosi care
Congress exempted to continue receiving 
Essential Health Benefits??? 
Really???
The GOP just seem to want to destroy society.
They WANT to see people die and struggle.. 
WTF?

True, it still looks like Obamacare!  FULL REPEAL!
It's still garbage @HouseGOP @SenateGOP if the healthcare bill isn't good enough for you it sure as hell isnt good enough for US! #noBCRA
If the GOP created a bill that  gave everyone free health care and destroyed all rich people, you would still vote no because they were GOP
What have you done to help Chuck??? Nothing!!!

Chuck, please please please turn up the energy and outrage.  If it's not your style take some acting classes.  You are killing the Dem Party
I'm sure you read all of it. Just like the ACA that you had to pass before you read it.
It's all about tax breaks for his rich candy ase friends
Maybe instead of criticism you could help, which is what you should be doing anyway.
Get Chalupa in front of Mueller NOW
All the more reason to repeal Obamacare in its entirety and start over.  End the destruction of our health care system started by the Dems.
it cannot pass. If it does it should signal the end of the @GOP
Yes
I'm 60 w/ a 21-year-old w/disabilities. The @GOP plan is discriminatory against ppl based on age & disabilities. I hope @ACLU files suit.
WTH is wrong with these people. I've never seen anything like this is my life. So little  care  others.
You need to propose a bill that ensures quality healthcare for all. Force the issue by putting forth your own bill.
The Worst piece of health care legislation ever Written! @ACLU Lawfirm @RepAdamSchiff @tribelaw @maddow

