There's a lot of crazy people out there it's just a matter time
Eddie - YOU R BATSHIT CRAZZY!!!!!!
Keep fighting you care nothing about us. Hope you loose all your seats in 2018. Idiots
Fighting back? Lmao. He doesn't get his way just because he's putting yet another circus performance. Hes a joke, so is the democratic party
Schumer the Only thing your fighting for is to block DJT admin from getting anything Done! You know this whole Russian thing is FAKE NEWS!

Thank you for listening! Use all of the tools you can to stop this bill.
What exactly is in the bill? Have you read it? Wondering why no one else has, but you seem to know the ends and outs.
No one has. When republican staffers have been asked why they aren't sharing it, they've said: "Because we're not stupid". Seems damning.
But you don't know what's in it is my point. I'm not saying it's good, just maybe we shouldn't all jump on the bandwagon.
If the content is reasonable, then it wouldn't be written in secret. Rep's railed on the ACA due to it being 'shoved down their throat'...
I'm just asking for the same. Write it in the daylight! Involve Democrats. The same way the Democrats involved the other side of the aisle.
Agree. Should be bipartisan. But this isn't Mitch's 1st rodeo. Will have to see.
@CNN polls over 3 Million people on obstruction. 70% say Trump should not be investigated for collusion or anything else
Why are we forced to use Facebook for this democratic process??
You were put in office to negotiate bills not to PLAY politics   Start doing your job
#NoTrumpCare #votevets
GOP&TRUMP KNOWS VETERANS USE MEDICAID.AND REPUBLICANS DO NOT CARE. HIPOCRETS,  VETS DESERVE BETTER!
If they use Reconciliation to pass horrible #Trumpcare, will you use vote-a-rama? We cannot allow #GOP to raise costs for seniors, veterans!
Please protect us from this ruthless president and his Republican cronies
Great job, Senator. We are with you #HoldTheFloor
Fighting back, still own hemorrhaging Obamacare and you think you know best...Hypocrites and Chucky is the lead liar.
Mitch McConnell probably wasn't listening to a single proposal - just objects to them all. He is SO unAmerican and he makes me sick.
MITCH ELECTED OFFICIALS MAY NOT WITHHOLD ACCESS BASED ON DISLIKE OF SOMEONE'S VIEWPOINT. DOING TO DEMS &US!
MCCONNELL CRIME OF SUPPRESSED SPEECH GOVERNMENT CENSORSHIP BLOCKING CONSTITUENTS? ON OUR HEALTH CARE RIGHTS
Schumer is an idiot
LIVE....idiot on TV!!!
Thank you, Senator.
I'm good I will protest you dems and libs by standing with my brothers and sisters and we will vote you out of America
We can fight fire with fire and there's more of us than you think you haven't seen nothing yet we are just getting started
Just remember you dems and libs opened a can of whoop ass and I hope you can live with that cause it's our time
The millions of trump supporters are soon going to make you hate what your doing to us true Americans we are very tired of holding back
You dems and your resistance must know mr trump beat you and we beat you bad you want war we true Americans are going to give it to you
Thanks for the warning....blah blah blah blah blah #chuckyIsBoring
americans are gonna be so sick of these guys......... keep it up
Why arnt house Dems hlpg Dems in red states! Cuz Dccc,Dnc sure as arnt helpg them! Wer gna stp dntg to thm snd only donate dirctly to cands!
thank you for your hard work
Glad my senators are fighting for me--thank you from Queens!
Thank you! Keep up the fight.
Where was the fight when Obama care was being crammed down our throats under the cloak of back room deals
Chuckles, you want free health care for illegals and muslims but zero healthcare for middle class citizens.
These people are not patriots. They're pathetic.
HC is a service good, not a right. People are not responsible to pay for your healthcare.
u Chucky
at least trump care is not a lie like obama care was ....how do lies pass ? by liars like obama and pelosi they lied about it on TV hello...

Because trying to work with the current administration is deemed illegal by the @DNC

"We have to pass it so you can find out what's in it."
--Nancy Pelosi on Obamacare
Yeah, don't care to give the party that screwed us with Obamacare another chance to screw us some more. I'm not stupid.
Lol ummmm well i disagree
.@SenateDems @SenSchumer Show some damn fire in these speeches! These are my love ones lives! Channel Ted Kennedy Damn it!! 
They are! Havnt you been listening!?
Dems speaking now on Senate floor on CSPAN about healthcare. Continuing late in the evening.
Are there any @GOP there at all?
NOT! WE SHOULD WORK HARD TO DEFEAT THE 13 REPUBLICANS THAT HIDDEN BEHIND CLOSED DOORS.
BLOCKING OF AMERICANS FROM PUBLIC  FORUM DEBATE IS WRONG WHEN GOP is DECIDING IF WE LIVE OR DIE.
Watch you obstruct, no thank you!
please keep it named the American Healthcare Act, not Trumpcare.  We don't need his name on anything more.
Don't know if we ever saw this sorry excuse for a senator live.
Ok Schumer, let ACA EXPLODE
Yeah FUCK the poor! Let them die in the streets like Rand Paul said USA! USA! 
So 16 men are drawing up a healthcare bill for all Americans w/out hearings, w/out women & w/out Ds. This.is.not.normal! MM is an evil man.
Go Senate Dems!
MM is a liar. ACA is not irretrievable. MM won't even give time to review & prepare amendments to the GOP atrocity of a healthcare bill.
Everyone knows hez a liar! And a cheat! A slimey pos!
WTG sir. Stay strong and fight like never before. Thank you.
Too bad the video is only on Facebook. *sigh*
 #votevets
Otto Warmbier, the U.S. student detained in N. Korea, has died. Horrible. What did they do to him N. Korea? What's wrong w/ that little man?
Thank you! Keep it up - you have our full support!! #ShowUsTheBill
That's my Senator 
Stop using the word fighting
If trump is such a man of the people, why doesn't he tell MM to stop this? Even he knows it's wrong. Recall he said the house bill was mean.
Hes dumb and doesn't understand how gov. Works
Why not sweep in with our own ACA reform that passes all sniff tests and CBO, before the 'closed door guys' can get theirs out???
Because they don't have anything. This was all a big stunt to get single payer.
This is one topic I wish both sides could just do what's good for the people of America. This should be bipartisan.
Obamacare is dead, you are either part of the solution or problem. your partisan politics comes at the expense of all Americans.
(senator schumer is Grandstanding)
The terrorists will begin protesting soon.
Republicans wont be there.... shows what u know
Thank you! Just tuned into CSPAN!
#trumpcare
Make sure he has plenty of water.
