thank you Senator! @jimsciutto @SenWarren @OfficeGovEthics

Like J. Beauregard Sessions is going to recuse himself instead of protecting Trump.  Right.  We appreciate the try, tho!
where is your call to investigate leaks of classified information?
Thank you for standing up for the American people.  Resist!
What about CT? Forget about what Trump is doing and concentrate on what is good for the people who give you your paycheck!
YES!!! WE NEED TO SHUT CONGRESS AND SENATE DOWN UNTIL SPECIAL PROSECUTOR TRUMP RUSSIA TIES. #TREASON
fully support that effort!
Yes! Thank you!! This is so important for national security, our election process, and basic decency. #wethepeople
please do not back down. Congressional hearings and FBI found NO wrongdoing on part of HRC.
Keep the pressure on about this!
where was that call when Hillary violated laws in her emails and other various issues
She broke no laws. **sigh**.
T least the Justice Department & Senate have seen hers.
thank you for taking a stand. We must get to the bottom of this
I'd like to thank all 11 Senators but can't find a list; I only see 8 on the letter listed. Who ARE all you lovely people? :)
What the hell is going on?  Warhawks don't care about Putin and Russia? Treason is in the air.
Liberty has no party.  We need the whole truth.
Can this entity then subpoena Trump's tax returns to see if that sheds light on relationship with Russia??
Is Mitch McConnell going to help with this. He knew all about before the election.
@SenKamalaHarris please support special prosecutor!  #Saveournation
thank you sir! So proud to live in your state! Keep up the great work -now let's get this fascist & his cabinet OUT!!
Do NOT let this go. Trump-Russia is bigger than Watergate. Can't allow GOP to fake-investigate it. #SpecialProsecutor
why not fake investigate. It's a fake crisis
What a fake American would say.
Of course. You got me. I'm Russian. part of the elaborate conspiracy you've concocted in your mind.
BRAVO sir! I live in CT and you all are doing amazing work!!
Thank you! This investigation can NOT be swept under the rug, and Republicans have no credibility. We must know the truth.
Thank you! Please don't back down
Thank you, Senator.
retire see
Thank you!
we need Republicans @SpeakerRyan please do something about this mess!
@bountyofbeads2 Thank you we need all the help we can get!!
Thank you Richard, we stand with you, United in solidarity.  Please keep fighting for the American people.
Thank you Sir! Stand strong, we are the majority and we support you!
WTF do you lie and intentionally distort what you know? You have zero facts on "collusion." That's just a jerk thing to say.
Yes, we surely need an indepenent investigation into TRUMP and all his Russian Connection crowd.
Thank you! Finally someone serving the people!
Serving us would mean solving problems. Issuing press releases and making distortions isn't serving us.
Never let up!
Do you know of any honorable R Senators who might join you in this request?  Collins?  Murkowski?
Better idea: Go after leakers and crooked Hillary. Support the President for a change.#helpAmerica
why only 11?  Why aren't all democratic senators and some republicans signing?
you and Sen Murphy should spend less time pandering to progressives and more accomplishing things for CT
good luck! All your GOP colleagues supported him as AG.  Allowing independent counsel is the LAST thing they want
Thank you!
Yes. Thank you!
you are silly.
when did you serve in Vietnam?
we are with you 150%. Thank you!
YOU ROCK OUR WORLD!  thank you Thank you these are officials actions constitute treason!
@naturegirl1980  Don't let them shut you down! Independent prosecutor, independent commission.
thank you!
@RTMcFadyen Not more? What is wrong with other Senators? They're fine with potential treason?
@BernieSanders @CoryBooker go for it!
how about worrying about middle class taxes going to those who really do not like
America but love the free stuff!
good for U. 1in15 muslim refugees in US can not use or know how to use a hammer.
Libs stats! N u worried about Russians. JOKE
Thank you!
@SenMarkey Thank you Senator  please keep fighting
how many phone calls did Obama cabinet / staff have with Iran prior to Obama Rouhani call in 2013? Why not investigate that?
Totally agree Senator!!
Thank you for your leadership. Stay strong.
Of course you are! Does that mean we can resume the investigation on Clinton too?
get some Republicans if you can! Ask them why they are opposed to transparency and getting all the facts on the table.
Why just 11 Democrats.  It needs to be all the Democrats. I'm scared..I can't handle much more of this. I don't feel safe.
Thank you Senator, I am grateful!
This administration is just a total disaster, who is going to jump ship next.
Does anyone really think General Flynn approached the Russians on his own, not chance.
@SenSherrodBrown Thank you!  You are true Americans fighting for our country's freedoms and democracy!
thank you, Senator. Keep pushing, and don't give up. This is a matter of national security & must be investigated!
thank you from your CT constituents!
PLEASE DO Senator. THE DIGNITY AND RESPECT OF OUR DEMOCRACY AND OUR PEOPLE DEMANDS IT. Thank you for great work you're doing.
@Laura5871 Won't happen bc Dems don't have the votes.
@SenSchumer @CoryBooker @SenWarren Thank you!! We need your efforts. Russia has corrupted our Oval Office! #russiagate
yes when #obama let #putin take Crimea in return for #irandeal. Correct!
you don't you grow up
@SenMarkey 11?, this disaster seems like a 'no-brain-er' due to the severity, danger and bold lies it should be all
thank you!
Yeah, Well Until CNN Is Screaming For An Independent Investigation It's Not Going Anywhere...
I agree. At least Senate Dems are making a little noise instead of rolling over and playing dead.
@lauriedtmann Good luck with that with The Turtle in charge.
This is out of control. Only politicians could let these atrocities happen with no accountability. Step up to the plate
problem, Sessions is  slimmy too. Can CIA, NSA, FBI etc...step in and bypass this w/the knowledge they already have on Trump?
THANKYOU, Senator!!
THANK YOU!!!!
Excellent.  DO NOT let the GOP get away with their Party over Country politics.  Enough.  We are teetering on the edge.
Sessions MUST recuse himself. He's a target in this investigation as well.
Keep up the good fight
@Jean_ie Thank you!
do NOT quit on this it goes all the way to Potus and VP and its obvious
@wlg_ord Get them! Seriously, do NOT let @GOP stop you, sir. America stands proudly with you!
Oh ok good call Sarge.
Let's get the other 89 on board and move on this quickly!   Thank you for your dedication to the US.
@Sparkle31888597 Thank you!
Thank you!
OMG! Are you listening to MO BROOKS! Arrest him!
@JJohnson2u Thank you Sir. The world appreciates it.
more waste
thank you!!!!!
@SenMarkey Yes, do!
@SenMarkey Thank you, Senator Blumenthal!
Thank you!
Ck his taxes, bet U find answers on Russia?
I wish people knew the truth about you & Schummer they would be very surprised
thank you sir!
you are trying to say our President is in cahoots with Russia really? Do you think most of us believe you? Wrong!!!
@SenMarkey thank you!
of course you are we all know your agenda Shame on you !!! Karma will get you
@SenMarkey Better hope they don't stumble upon HRC and Podesta's wrong doings. Are you or your constituents this stupid?
@SenMarkey this is the right thing, thank you. Anyone not in support is not just unpatriotic they are an accomplice
Thank you, Senator.
You will now be eligible for DACA because you're a DREAMER
Thank You, Senators!
@SenMarkey You should be investigating who tapped Flynn's phone which is against the law
Why only 11?
thank you
@SenMarkey Need more than 11. Keep working.
Did the #Russians also hack the #GOP primary for @realdonaldTrump?
This is exactly what we need.
THANK YOU
Go get um.
@SenBennetCO thank you!
Thank you
this is essential thank you 4 standing up for us
please don't give up! The American people deserve to know the truth!
and what about the official that gave out the classified info on the conversation of a private citizen,
Blumenthal appears to be little more than a DEM hack at this point.
Thank you. Please boycott upcoming State of the Union. This traitor deserves no respect or audience!
ELEVEN Senators.  That's joke right?  U do know there's 100 Senators. You know 11 Senators are called?  NOTHING.
Thank you!
THANK YOU SENATOR!!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!
I am deeply grateful to you & praying for your success. Dig deep-don't stop-restore our faith in our representatives! 
why haven't @SenSanders @SenWarren @SenSchumer  signed this?
Thank you
Thank you. Don't back down. This is way too important.
11? Where are the rest? Where is Kaine, Bernie? There should be No senator not signing this.
Random unregistrd handgun murdrs, crazd semi-auto mass shootings, & rampant drug overdose deaths are DYING AMERICAN HISTORY.
GOP held 33 Congressional hearings & 4 public hearings on Benghazi & came up w/zero, but ignore real treason by Trump admin
How is it treason please inform me
You don't think asking Russia to hack opponent's emails is treason? Flynn making deals w/Putin when Obama still pres?
show me documentation anyone asked. What deal Did you hear the tape?
Thank you sir!
Good luck.
good man, get Flynn to testify under oath to Trump's knowledge of Russian involvement
Russian involvement of what please tell us how Russia interfered with anything
Russia must be laughing it's ass off over this nonsense.
now u b honest! Rochford used mayor Daley. Park not for a gift!Named in error! Maggie uneducated. IRB:records. Cult b cult©™®
i no own Walmarts! Waukegan community hospitals schools! Direct review! Disbelief u let junkie by Walmarts with ur money©™®
Thank you Senator...I hope my two great Senators @SenatorMenendez and @SenBookerOffice are with you!!!!
Good! But make sure you investigate The O insiders.
I'm with you and Chris.  Connecticut.
Why didn't you investigate @HillaryClinton for her collusion with Russia? Since when do we sell enemies of the state Uranium?
Please don't stop until the full truth comes out.
Impeach, impeach, impeach. Donnie's done enough damage. #ResistTrump
Why isn't @ChrisMurphyCT on this list?
thank you Senator!  You are a true Patriot!
thank you!!
