@SenSchumer what does a comedian know about IT, and band width frankenfruit?
clearly he gets the gist of it
no he doesn't.. Proxy servers make net neutrality a non issue
do you even know what a proxy server is? That does nothing for net neutrality, absolutely nothing
it bypasses service providers by rerouting... Bypasses censorship laws
these aren't censorship laws, they're throttling traffic/speeds of sites... you can't bypass ISP
@SenSchumnot not to mention region DC like dyne who managers regional isp... Lots of bottling
clearly, you don't understand the things you're talking about. Appreciate the intensity, but do some research.
@SSS_joshnelson Google's web sites load much faster than mom&pops because of their CDN. Study network engineering.
hi, you should study net neutrality, because I don't think you grasp what it is
#NetNeutrality is to Network Engineering as Astrology is to Astronomy
seriously?
it's touchy-feely left wing gobbledygook applied to a serious area of knowledge: network engineering
so you are being serious? Can I ask what leads you to this opinion?
25 years in network engineering
that's wonderful, I mean specifics... neutrality is a basic pillar to what we do
Wrong....or LIE...whichever you prefer.  that's NOT what NN is about.
care to explain what it's about then?
gov't control...are you really this vapid?
no, I understand technology and this isn't about "government control"
learn a little something about what you're arguing first. The internet should remain neutral.
the internet is neutral.  Companies that invest more get more.  that's what makes the market "free".  sheesh
the internet won't be neutral if they deregulate it. That's the point, buddy. That's what's keeping it neutral.
faster speeds than http://billsshoes.com   it was and is about control.  Dig in, read the darn thing...cmon
Thank-you Senator Franken.
Can't take you serious Al. I didn't think you were funny as a comedian but your hilarious trying to be a lawmaker
Thank you for standing up for this issue Sen. Franken! This is a bi-partisan issue that shouldn't be turned into a partisan one.
@SenSchumer Oh BS, you simpleton, that's not what it's about and you know it. It's about shutting down conservative dominance
I am honestly curious, where do people get the idea that Net Neutrality will harm conservative viewpoints?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Net_neutrality … It's just the principle that ISP's shouldn't get to charge to prioritize websites
you are so naive or high
So you don't want to / are unable to explain your accusation, hmm? Sounds like a typical Rep.
it's about regulating content & permitting the govt to determine what is "fair" content
Net Neutrality is exactly NOT about preferring/restricting any type of content. Same rules 4 all
Why can't people download and upload at max speeds? Gov. regulations in the way. Don't pretend u really care about the people.
what you're talking about is ridiculous and also has NOTHING to do with net neutrality
Net neutrality has absolutely nothing to do with your ISP capping your download speeds. Good god man.
really? ISPs will be able to throttle based on paid tiering of service. Basic tenant of net neutrality.
Without net neutrality yes. @Rat_Mitten is saying "government regulations" are equal to net neutrality.
okay, sounds like we're actually on the same side. Must've misread what you were saying.
Sorry. Reading it again it wasn't quite concise enough.
Why do I bother? These people clearly don't respect professional opinions on matters of science and technology.
Well  Al if Mom and Pop publish Charie Hebdo they will be shut  down cause Obama sold ICANN
@SenSchumer Al I see chuck has started pulling your strings. Dems are little spineless puppets controlled by their master
this has nothing to do with Democrats or Republicans. This is an issue that will affect us all.
Obama affected us all by making This country more divided then ever. Dems were decimated due to it
while I disagree with your position, it's moot regarding neutrality... this is not a partisan issue
He proved he has no balls on that issue Dems have no balls to oppose party so can't trust due to that
I'm not a Democrat. Fight issues how you see fit, but this is one that is non-partisan and affects us all
You may very well be right but if the Dems are supporting it I won't. I don't trust dem party at all
so how is that any better than anything they do?
The Democrat Party, the scourge of western civilization.
@SenSchumer It's pointless. Senate just confirmed ed. sec. who thinks guns needed in schools to fight grizzlies. All hope lost
plutocracy, oligarchy, it's just plain idiocracy!
Heck yeah!
In 2005, the FCC  Internet access industry by classifying both DSL & cable modem http://scholarship.law.duke.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1161&context=dltr …
Franken another Big Mouth
@SenBlumenthal How much money did both Franken and blumenthal(war hero) get from #Comcast?
@LeslieMarshall 

Franken, stop raping children.
But without universal service & anti redlining components of Title II enforced, websites won't load quickly for anyone.
This is my biggest concern! Let's keep our eyes on the ball!
#NetNeutrality is THAT simple?! Dems sure can explain BS so generations you LIBS "dumbed-down" in our schools can understand! FU
Well, it's clearly not THAT simple if you fail to understand it.
No KIDDING!! @SenFranken
@SenMarkey thank you both for your service.  This is very important stuff.
@keithellison http://m.townhall.com/tipsheet/katiepavlich/2016/01/07/muslim-male-refugees-are-raping-women-in-europe-n2100918 …
This is the kind of vital thing that will slip through while media busy dealing with DT latest reality TV distraction. So scary
lying
@keithellison Your awesome!
FCC chair Ajit Pai is a disgrace. In that sense, he is unremarkable in this administration.
#NetNeutrality could be rolled back, meaning internet provider could influence what you see. https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/97407614/?client=safari … #streaming
impeach trump
some people don't get that if it wasn't for net neutrality politicians would more often lose to mainstream media #itsnotpartisan
You need to get a tech advisor. You don't understand this.
Sen. Franken, I'm not American but we've been good neighbors. I worry it will change. Thx for speaking out, your voice is heard!
if this is the case, it sounds like the mom-and-pop is likely using a CDN, just like the corp. Good for the mom-and-pop!
ummm, no. Not at all.
can't wait until trumps FCC allows Comcast to charge the pepes $150 / month for their hentai
As a network engineer I can tell you that above is #Google lobbyists' propaganda, not reality. #NetNeturality is #NotNeutrality.
Googled you cuz ur name is familiar. http://lessig.tumblr.com/post/90048838607/on-the-curious-case-of-brett-glass … Hilarious that you still slander ppl as Google puppets.
umm, nvm.
@SenSchumer omg I'm so embarrassed to be from Minnesota.    Your the worst Senator ever.
@SenSchumer You are still a joke, a bad one at that.
Ur best joke 2 date!!! Prob good thing u spared us all. Now plz can u resign & spare us 1 last time? MayB jump off a bridge
@MattMurph24 This is all so infuriating.  I didn't think I could get any more angry by the dismantling of our protections.
it is seriously time for a psychological work up of the president, diagnosis, bat shit crazy. Impeach!
@SenBlumenthal helpful to know when I'm downloading blue hair granny porn in the middle of freaking nowhere
@SenSchumer retire
thank you for speaking out on behalf of our children. The GOP proved today that corruption goes through to its core. Sad day.
@KTR_Fitz @amfit2 kill the #InternetFreedomAct #netneutrality #keepsopadead #freeopeninternet #emailyourcongressionalrep
I am not from Minnesota..I did not elect you..but I would if I could...you and others like you are my voice!! Thank You!!
@Supafly77 it did before legislation also.
that's because it hasn't changed. Killing net neutrality would change that.
That's why we need to call this a BIPARTISAN ISSUE!!! To protect ALL! Thank you for your TIRELESS service, Sen. Franken.
@bulldoghill 
The Joker
.@SenFranken something which will soon to be come to known as "the good old days"
@runwithskizzers but, but, but...bootstraps?
And corporations can put more into web design and other advertising still, so I don't see why they're so threatened as to oppose
Translation: #netNeutrality will be gone within a year...
@SenSchumer oh kinda like Obamacare's health care site?  Didn't that cost us taxpayers close to 700 million dollars?  Please no
No.
And the GOP, party that says they're pro-small business, will be happy to go along with  this.  CALL
@SenSchumer keep fighting
Hey. My browser is acting weird. Any ideas?  Thanks!
@SenSchumer 
And that is why the republicans are against it. Apparently no Trumpies own small businesses. Too bad.
Exactly, which is why the @GOP doesn't want it to stay that way.
It is likely to have much less traffic. Tell them to avoid too many Ads embedded in page.
That takes more than fast fair internet. It takes edge networks.
@SenMarkey NetNeutrality - good for business.
please continue to fight for #netneutrality - been calling my reps and their offices don't know it's being threatened again
@SenMarkey Please fight to maintain this fair system!
why is this not a bribe if she paid money and they took it. Do something. We are failing fast
@SenMarkey are we heading into 1984/ Children of Men territory? #NetNeutrality
I would bet cash money that DJT has no concept of what #NetNeutrality is. But, he knows he's against it.
Not to mention being able to throttle speeds and deter people from reading "#fakenews."
ppl paying more for "faster" Internet when it is to slow down the ones that don't have premium pkgs
that's... not describing net neutrality at all
Exactly, and it needs to stay that way. It is the cyber version of air.
don't give them ideas...
Unfortunately, once the AltRight get hold of it and spread their fake news version it will be portrayed as the devil.
you will  do your best to protect net neutrality for us right?
here here
