The GOP is a betrayal pure and simple
What are you talking about it is taking care of all you mentioned!  Get your facts strait and stop spreading fake comments!
Get tougher @SenSchumer! Can't stand watching the @GOP ruin our country and go backwards in time on women, healthcare, the environment, etc.
No its not you liar ! You would think isis or any terrorist couldnt miss that big bald head lol well a girl can dream lol
GOP may as well have been voting against themselves. AHCA is draconian. Tax breaks for wealthy on the back of this evil is a terrible wrong!
You read it or did msnbc at Schumer read it for you and tell u what u need to know?
We're all about to feel it. Then you tell what you know. Subsidizing the rich is not why we were put here.
So to answer my question No you haven't read it you blindly follow the crowd and do Schumer bidding.. passing judgement already That's wrong
Do not dare foist your baseless conclusions on me or any clear thinking American patriot trying to save your Drumpf damned country for you!
no shit, Chuck. still waiting for a more overt display of testicular fortitude from Democrats. any ETA on that?
You Dems need to get your head out of your ass and support a health care that might work for those people
Your hatred for the president is stronger than your love of the country. You offer no solutions , only criticism .
Go and have yourself a good cry chuky. You know this is fake news. Scared the repubs are going to save the day?
#ACA is in death spiral. What is your solution? #ACA is #obamaepicfailure & #lies #lead #follow or #getoufofway #repealreplace #tcot #pjnet
They don't have one. So they chant/sing/ taunt.  Na na na hey hey. Yeah that's mature
If you are about lying,cover up, pleading 5th Amendment supporting violence and leaving our kids in danger sign on to the Schumer Democrats.
Sad sick person. Find love.
Remove your masks and disgusting hats, put your pipes, hammers & Molotov cocktails away then we can talk about finding love. Resist leftism!
A GOP supporter assuming a very tiny % represents the majority. Where have we seen this before?
James is a fraud. He speaks for Russia.
I've never been a Dem. Back as far as Ted Kennedy Dem leadership has had an almost matrimonial relationship. Leftists united with Russia.
Interesting because I seem to remember Trump asking Russia to cyber attack an American just a few months ago...
Interesting I remember Ted Kennedy plotting with the Soviets to undermine President Reagan. You understand the implications of that correct?
I DO!
These people SMH!
Obama care said costs would go down. Didn't.
Obama care said keep own doctor. Couldn't.
Obama care said could keep your plan. No plans left!
Can I care about all those things AND disagree with you?
The increase in your "seeming to care" tweets is alarming...
Sooo true scary that now he is starting to pretend to care!  Fake tear Schumer.

I'm a strong democrat that respects all. GOP had been a big bump in democracy. They need a make-up for being this terrible.
Where is your answer to the failing Obamacare Virginia and Maryland now on the list of 1 provider. My rates already up 500% in 7 years!
I am speaking up. SPEAKING UP TO SAY ALL THOSE YOU SPEAK OF ARE COVERED. SO PLEASE STOP THE LIES. JUST STOP YOUR PISSING ME OFF
Hi. Pretty sure you meant you're.
OK get technical on twitter...if that's all u got out of that mmmmmm
@SenateDems  we do care unlike you n Demons funding PP murderingbabys cause PP is a political donation machine!
Not read, no idea of cost or how many wont qualify but Voting all the same! @HouseGOP are evil ppl who dont care about sickest among us!
You took the words right of my mouth.
The American people are not going to die so rich people can get a tax break!!! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!!! If it passes prepare DC for a revolution!
Stop with your stupid resistance and revolutions. Really getting old how about working together. Have Dems input instead of acting like kids
#VoteNoAHCA I am a Republican ashamed of this "side-showing" of healthcare I'm bipartisan I have dialogue with all my state Congress persons
I used to be Republican. Never again. We need moderates.
Like the show of singing goodbye yesterday was being an adult. We all agree obamacare has failed dems won't even talk. Sad show..
Trumped Care is a disgrace and an insult to the American citizens. But, hey so is he.
This is what they do: screw working class people while trying to convince them that they are doing the opposite!
GOP are killers
I do and new HC bill will let me afford to care for kids.  12 Tax Cuts, No Penalties, More H Plans to choose from.  Why Not mention that?Lyr
i care about all hardworking American Citizens.  That's why I support @POTOS's AHCA. No citizen - no insurance. Lazy? - No insurance.
If U cared, U wouldn't have voted 4 the PPACA! @HomeOfUncleSam @APLMom @Robeno @toddmr @FedUp_amERICan @SereDoc @RonD1954 @ScotsFyre
Hey Chuck - what did you negotiate ? NOTHING- YOUR OBAMACARE FAILED! Obstructionist liar - who are you going to scare today with your lies??
Chuck you forgot the poor and elderly! Way to go about not caring for everybody...hypocrite
I care about NYS. HIGHEST TAXED WELFARE STATE IN THE NATION
What sickens me more is how stupid u people are my health ins went up to 600 a month for 2 people 11000 ded. the ACA is a lie
I'm speaking out. I'm glad Obamacare is over
Oh! You don't have money to pay for doctors and medicines? 
You voted him! Your Choice...Deal with it...and die if you are poor!
Blah blah blah
this is more fake news, the Dems don't care about the unborn or the elderly, just trying to miss lead the public!!!
Anyone that has believed a word they say is as crazy as DT.
MY HUSBAND OF 24 YRS, DAIRY FARMER, MADE POOR MANS WAGES, WORKED 84 HRS A WEEK & DIED AT AGE 49 FROM FARMERS LUNG. BLOOD SWEAT & TEARS.....
2018 is coming
Real Conservatives do not support this plan nor do I
or if you care about disabled kids with pre-existing conditions, speak out!
today the Republican Congress sentenced sick people to DEATH.
Gee ML, seems all you care about is votes. What one thing have you done as senator your proud of? I'm sorry, you voted for the ACA #DISASTER
my congresswomen wouldn't listen to me!
Wow, pulling out the stops chuck. Tears next no doubt. Must go nuclear to crush you on everything
#AHCA Call it by its real name Tax Cut For The Rich #TCFTR
yes we need to treat the mentally disbable like Sen Dumy Schumer
Did anyone really expect BIFF to do anything other than betray the ppl who he conned into voting for him Now u get what u wanted SCREWED #FU
Give it up Chucky, you don't care about no one but yourself just like Elizabeth Warren and Maxine Walters
#FullRepeal
I hope all you republicans remember this in 2018. I guess they gave you what you asked for "Repeal&Replace". #BeCarefulWhatYouWishFor
House members are excluded no way they were getting on this Trump train. Republicans they got balls but no brains #Ridiculous
I care about kids even the ones u have aborted yes u bear that sin sir
Trump needed a win doesn't care who gets hurt in this train wreck masquerading as legislation
 if you get hurt forget about health care #Sad
Mr Schumer. Kids covered. Pre-existing covered. Seniors covered. Counties with no ins. Covered. Best thing, no different plan for congress
Does not surprise me.
@KellyLMcKevitt @voxdotcom no chuck, if you simply care about ppl you won't vote for this you must stop trump
poll aren’t what we want.  Senator what are you going to do about this bill in the Senate?
DO NOT BELIEVE DEMONINICRAP POTTY MOUTHS OBAMAcARE IS NOT HEALTHCARE ITS AN ISLAMICATION OF AMERICA JIZRYA TAX as per USSJC
You are so wrong in your views. I pray for you
Americans care about not giving US aid to clandestine (or not so much) nuclear countries in violation of AECA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSIpAPWEJFI …
liar
Perhaps this repeal will lower the prices on them, you know, the prices that went WAY UP after Obamacare?
Obama care is the real failure. This is a fix to that. Do something to help america and vote yes
We tried. GOP is cruel!
How many rep will this cost them there seats with the voters
Same old shit blah blah blah
I sincerely pray Ryan Trump Pence McConnell all have a horrific illness strike closest family members & their b no help 4 them w/all their $
Instead of being an obstructionist and say look at what I stopped. try being part of the solution go to the table and fight for better HC
You had 8 yrs to fix Obama care and failed. What makes you the pro all of a sudden?
You're right Chuck. Let's let Obamacare die so that the majority of Americans will have no coverage. They'd equally have none.
Work with us call us now work with us call us now God bless America
You need a new page from your playbook Chuck.  Your breathless hyperbole is soooo old.  The "Children" what a crock
if you are against it i am for it.
Thank you! Legislators with no relationship to disability just don't get it.
If you care about your elderly parents or just all elderly, it's the same thing.
If you care about anyone other than yourself, speak out now.  Where is the humanity?
This is nothing more than a hit & run by the GOP.  Repeal then go on recess. Arrogant ass Trump already tweeting & claiming victory. Impeach
Can't wait till 2018 see alot of dems jumped sides
Bye bye to the Hippocrates
Must be painful to have such a dim outlook on life, Chuck. You find fault in everything.  You are a sad, tiny, little man.
Already emailed several times.  What are people supposed to do when they get stonewalled?  Take to the streets?  It might well happen!

Speak out to who?  My rep hasn't answered his phone in three days.  Answering machine is full.  Reps don't answer questions from reporters.
If YOU care abt kids, you wld NOT supprt #Obamacare which hurts working families who cannot afford th high premiums!
#AHCA #VoteNoAHCA
Not good with math are you?
Cannot breathe as I listen to @SpeakerRyan stand up there & lie his ASS off. 1 choice is better than 100 if you can't AFFORD any of the 100!
@cristo_monte @voxdotcom Total Betrayal!
@PayDownTheDebt @voxdotcom Don only cares about money
I have a pre-existing condition and I can't afford the health care premiums to high deductibles are out of reach.
We all care! So does the BILL. Your Obamacare is bankrupt and you know it sucks that's why you Exempted yourself and other members.
Thank u 4 fighting for and poor Americans like me. This bill will hurt us. It's terrifying. #VoteNoAHCA #SaveACA
EVERY civilized, modern, established western democracy has socialized healthcare .... oh .. no, wait ...
@kimguilfoyle @JudgeJeanine @jessebwatters Don't Be Impressed With Chuck Schumer, He Retweets Toilet Paper. He Is But A Panderer To Fools.
if u democrats really cared and we know u dont care about the disabled and those with pre existing conditions also the aca would never pass
Then Defund Planned Parenthood.    Give the unborn the same rights.
YO Christians 
Trumpcare's NOT PRO-Life!
 #VOTENO
 #VOTENO
 #VOTENO
 #VOTENO 
 #VOTENO
 #VOTENO
 #VOTENO
 #VOTENO
Trumpcare's NOT PRO-Life!
We did...in November
All Dems MUST work for #singlepayer universal health care. That's where US should've been years ago. #VoteNoAHCA #impeach45 #theresistance
With 1 in 68 children having autism, it's a given each congress member knows one. If voting for the bill, they take coverage away fr them.
If you care about all life at ALL and know health care is a human right, #VoteNoAHCA @gop you work for US not ur pockets. #theresistance
Take a nap Chuckie! Obamacare is crap as is whatever is in this new bill I'm sure. Crap all around. Government stay out of my health care!
@HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateDems  @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan #VoteNoAHCA #disability http://nyti.ms/2pL3quS 
Seriously folks - what else is new???  These assholes do not care about "common" folks, people who made this country what it is.
Stop this insanity!
Shut up or put up clown schumer n we know OBAMA care is as low life as its creator , u n pelosi OBAMA r all with amnesia ,shame on u idiots
Way too bland! GOP is committing a slow genocide against anyone not rich This is pure Social Darwinism and state sponsored benign murder
im not rich and obamacare was horrible to my family. if democrats are against this i am for it.
Crying queen stop scaring the American people. Can't believe you fought for "others"  all you care about is your power and not earned $alary
Looks like the Senate is going to have to tweak this piece of garbage. 
WRITE, EMAIL, TWEET, and CALL; I did.  Now it's your turn.
@RepBobGibbs if you vote no, you will lose you seat. #VoteNoAHCA
Total whimp Ryan.   He can't honestly believe this is a good plan. What a disgrace.
Why not offer a remedy for disastrous Obamacare? You weren't elected to complain n resist - fix this mess you Dems created.
You Are Wasting Our Time  Just Run For POTUS So Trump Can be A 2 Term POTUS
U all r a betrayal of lies & corruption!!!
Repeal Obamacare care now 
Autism, Epilepsy, Cancer, Diabetes...GOP is about to  murder my family in an effort to protect their ego. Can't pay taxes if I'm not alive.
No If you care about those things don’t listen to the chief obstructionist. Good sign that insurers are against bill.
Gee, Chucky, I care about American kids. We can't afford to care for the rest of the world. Evict the parasites, maybe you'll get re-elected
These three men are evil     never seen any things  like them
Own facts, own figures, own laws
Maybe if you went on ACA program others would want to follow. Voted out of it
I lost my Dr on Oba we have 1 ins in our state with $6000 deductible how could it be worse premiums went up 60% for 3 people 2680.00 a month
Yeah, people should be allowed to do what they want and never see a Dr until their health is really bad and then get cheap insurance.
A betrayal of Americans. Gop leaders are traitors.
Come on folks one more time flood your Rep with calls to vote NO
Both my son and myself have pre-existing conditions........#MAGA #CRYBABY #AHCA
You certainly do not give the American people credit for their intelligence and common sense...I read the new bill and you lie!
and then what?  we let your Obamacare fail and more have no insurance?  be productive instead of obstructive or get out of the way
If we can't trust filthy rich white people  to stop stealing once they've been given the keys 2 the treasury when can we trust them?
Kids are never turned away. Pre-existing conditions covered. You simply lie and defend a garbage law
Kids will be turned away if this passes, women will have to pay for their deliveries , and the elderly will be sent to the poor house
And the sky is falling. @RepAdamSchiff is screaming that the bill hasn't been read yet, somehow, seem to know all these bad things. Odd.
The sexual assaulter in chief's bill makes rape and sexual assault pre-existing conditions allowing insurers to deny coverage. #VoteNoAHCA
#repealObamaCare

We do. The trump voters and GOP don't.
I'll speak for u chuckie Cause I know I have a pre-existing condition know as lying racist bigot statements covered by a pounds is shit
Don't forget just being a women was a virtual pre-existing condition in pre ACA days. Just look at the premiums.
Do you have a fund setup to 'care for the disabled, those w/pre-existing conditions'? You set it up I may donate.

They will change the rules to need 51 votes like they did SCOTUS @TheDemocrats made HRC's loss 2016 the issue this week NOT #TrumpCare mess
I opposed it then, and said it would become the worst decision made for years to come WE THE PEOPLE GET A WEAKER PROCESS (NO DEBATE)
Not sure if it's too late, but we all need to call our congress members!
#VoteNoAHCA 
(202) 224-3121. 
It's quite easy!
#ResistTrumpCare
I am very much opposed to any changes to pre-existing conditions, vote  no on AHCA, fix Obama's ACA. #VoteNoAHCA #ThursdayThoughts
Why don't you lead the charge for Medicare for All - no deductibles, copays. Drugs covered. LEAD for a change or does their $$$ own you
Then the Dems use this to vote out the pieces of garbage Republicans!
If the lawmakers cared they would pass a law that benefited all citizens of the land.
The disabled & pre-existing conditions are included, stop scaring people into thinking they aren't! Have you read the bill??
did it worry you when Obama lied?
Dammit, tell the truth - 100's of 1000's will DIE as a result!
...ANOTHER FAKE NEWS!!!
I have preexisting conditions and I say...VOTE YES!!!!!! The costs of your Obamacare are TOO HIGH!!!  LOWER COSTS for the American people!
So you understand that you will now pay out of pocket for your pre existing condition right?
you're just upset bc Congress will lose their exclusion. You don't care about the citizens.
I care about Vets and you've screwed the crap out of us for years, why should it be any different for anyone else Senator?
.It's a legislative version of a Nazi gas chamber, they can't build those legally, so this is the next best thing for them. #Trumpcare
Sorry Sparky,  the Hitler card was old and tired in 1974.

BTW - Being a little hysterical for a "Bad Dude", just sayin. Relax it'll be ok.
Rep health bill best they can do despite obstruction feet dragging inertia & jeopardizing US health 2 fulfill Dem narrative against POTUS
Thank God we have Senator Casey but also have Toomey sad. Thank you Sen Schumer. Pray the fight isn't over
@MattAsherS @voxdotcom We all know those self serving jerks care for nothing but themselves.
Can't get thru? Use @botresist to send a free beautifully formatted fax from yr phone. Txt "Resist" to 50409
#VoteNoAHCA Women and Children will be the most affected by this. Rates higher for them. The Rich will survive. They pay cash.
#VoteNoAHCA And Women who are pregnant consider a "pre-existing" condition which will cost that Woman more? Autism too.
I have a disable adult son with Autism and if his services get cut you had good intentions creating affordable insurance but us will suffer
Glad I dont have to call your office to ask you to vote NO
