My concern ,Who pays the bill? Those in the medical field are not going to take cuts.Hospitals love their hospitals full only if they make $
So you want everyone to work for free!
Don't make dumb comments like that!!! It's embarrassing!
If you prefer to live in a giant welfare state you should move to Europe, and Join the leeches
Leeches?! We pay for our universal healthcare through our contributions. Ignorant man.
No! The tax payers cover your cost of Obama care, government goes into debt covering it
@messenger41 is spot on. The US spends an obscene amount on the military. Not the soldiers though or the veterans, just the weapons and wars
It costs big money to gear up a production line to produce military hardware, learn how it works before you talk
Remove profit from the equation altogether. Gaining wealth by providing a basic right, or by limiting or withholding it, is sociopathic.
So you're willing to lower quality of care ppl will get using doctors who are relegated to receiving less compensation for same dedication?
A more accurate comparison of what Bernie is proposing is a single payer system. So you would look at medicare. Medicare is highest approval
Which will devolve into socialized medicine for all; that's the goal.
No it's not the goal. The goal is to cover everyone at the best cost possible. It's a conservative idea. You should want the most effienceny
Maybe that's where we differ, I want quality over quantity. I like how faith based orgs help those who can't afford care and having choices
You're not compromising quality of quantity. You're just paying less because there's no for-profit middle man between you and your doctor.
It's good you're optimistic about the proposals.  I am not so far.  Let's just wait to see how @SenSanders & Co plan to pay for it.
Who's going to pay for it? The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money.
Very uninformed comment! Who the hell do you think pays for it now???
Not you
Of course we're already paying for it. Single payer is a lot more. California figured out it would cost as much as their entire budget.
California? WHO in CA figured this cost out?  A Republican???
Coming from the most liberal state in America that means nothing, people don't need to fund your liberal experiments
You don't get it! Who pays for your health care now? Please don't say you're the only one paying for it!
The healthcare industry in the US is immoral and unethical.  Making MONEY from the suffering of others. SHAME. SHAME.  SHAME.
You seriously expect government bureaucrats to treat you any better? Laughable. W/insurance co you have govt as safeguard, w/govt no safety
Amen
#MedicareForAll will not work in America.  Socialism is not the answer.  I don't understand how anyone can possible agree with this.
#MedicareForAll has worked here in Australia for decades, as it has done in the U.K. and Canada. #ItsNotSocialism #ItsGovtServices
To those PM'ing me saying it's communism, explain to me how! How is a govt funded, affordable health system communism exactly??
Right-wing Americans are terrified of anything that has the word social in it. It's just ignorance and fear.
I guess that's why my wife calls me a sociopath
Before Reagan became President, Republican Company CEO's made $100,000's, now they make $100,000,000's. GOP GREEDOM is the problem.
That's what's great about America you can do what you want  and if your good at it  get paid what you want ,you sound like a communist
My boss will take the matter up with you later. 90% of the cost of a doctor's education is PAID FOR BY TAXPAYERS, meaning us, the sick/dying
billions educating Drs vs support nonworking class,paying insurance 4 unwed moms spitting out future leaches that fill up prisons,I vote drs
Jesus disagrees, he is pro-life and doesn't think you should kill children because families can't afford insulin
Healthcare currently works quite well for me, are you suggesting I'm not "ordinary" Bernie?
Kind of selfish. You got yours so you don't care about anyone else. Must be a Republican.
1. Was responding directly to Bernie's assertion that it's not working for ordinary Americans.  2. Other people's money easy to spend huh?
No. It's our money. I've got news for you. Republicans aren't the only ones who pay taxes in this country. I pay taxes every year.
You are so right! Help us get this mess straightened out Bernie. I am a Republican but we need help. Lots of help& I know you know!!!
Single payer works for veterans, the elderly, the disenfranchised. It works for Americans.
Obviously you don't realize that seniors on Medicare have fewer choices in doctors and medical facilities each yr as pymts are cut by govt
For 45 yrs I paid into Medicare for healthcare requiring hospitalization.I buy coverage for Outpt, labs, x-rays. And addition Policy 4 meds.
I’m a Union Areospace Machinist. My insurance now requires 40% +$75 copay for most. Was “Cadillac Plan” bef ACA, now crippling.
As a union machinist, would you accept gov't takeover of your business? Dictating what your pay will be from now on? U Expect Drs to accept.
Welcome to the workforce. Why is SC building planes?
It was not GOVERNMENT mandated. 

It was a business decision. 

We were talking about GOVERNMENT mandates.

Bye.
Hope you can make it true
Socialist medicine was already tried in the USSR and failed!  Don't make the same mistake in our country Crazy Bernie!
No - other communists tried it. Do the research sir.
But ask Canadians how long they have to wait to get an appointment.
Great sound bite......ouy
THIS is what a properly run public health system actually does! EpiPen on PBS for $37.80 (usually $187.05). Yet, over $600 each in the USA!
That's under $30USD each (over 95% cheaper than in the USA) and is part of the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme here in Australia!
America corporate government doesn't  care about ordinary American citizens
As long as there is no negotiating with medicare cost/ charges from drs- that wont work either
Healthcare is a Human Right. Corporate dems that don't agree - beware. We are coming for you. And cosponsors better start walking the walk.
Universal primary care for all
What a assss
How can you morally demand value from someone and offer none in exchange?  Isn't that stealing?
It's 'democratic' stealing
Right?  Just because a group of people decides to steal from you doesn't make it moral.
Very true. And us ordinary people pray for it. I want to be healthy and live long lives for my children, grandkids. Choices have to be made.
The ignorance and fear shown by some people on this thread is staggering. National health do systems work. Do some research for God's sake.
So true. No health system can be run on a profit basis.
No profits equals zero medical breakthroughs! Why are people from countries with free health care paying for treatment in America?
Bernie, that's so deep...and really helpful...
Health care worked until the government got involved!
Why aren't you using Obamacare, instead of the great insurance plus subsidies? You're taking advantage of us by taking the subsidies!
http://bit.ly/2x1V6Yg 
What's your deductible, Bernie? Mine is high and my allowable HSA doesn't cover it. What say you?
You're wasting your time Bernie. You will never get this thru a GOP congress.  Work on getting Dem seats back. Also the voter suppression.
12 years and hundreds of thousanda in med school debt is not going to put people over profit.
Well thats never gonna happen so stay healthy my friends. It's now gone beyond just having insurance to having to pay #retainerfees 4 DR's.
Said the man who owns how many homes???!!!
I'm stunned by how little you seem to understand about economics.
Trillions in cost....WHO PAYS?????
You profited pretty well off of US, Bernie so did your wife
Great! Continue the twitting please!
Until we put the reality of limited supply over the "feels" and "gibs me dat" idiots will ignore reality and cause massive shortages.
Lol...so many layers to this that make that a ridiculous thought.  Doctors going to start working for free, fella?
It's sad to see how hard you fight for patients while the root of the problem remains untouched. Stronger regulations on insurance companies
Putting profit first means competitiveness = improvement and incentives= better healthcare. You need a lesson in economics
Taxation is Theft!!!! Glad you all love to rob American people.  Theives.
I agree w/patients over profits. Define "ordinary American". Not wealthy? Ppl earning under $100,000? Under $200,000? A fortune to us.
It's time for Congress to become ordinary Americans and stop living on the backs of hard working Americans who need their tax money back.
"We"? What is your medical specialty?  Which med school did you take out loans to attend? Where are hospital beds you are responsible for?
How about paying your campaign debts before you start preaching to us again
Then donate a couple of your homes to those in need
I'm ok with some profit. To me  it's more like "patients over OBSCENE profits". But, as a slogan, yours is better :-)
What is to much profit, 5%,10%, what do you make on your investment s?
Okay. Please stop grandstanding. Not helpful. How specifically do we get everyone healthcare affordably?
They say we don't want "government" in our healthcare. I don't want Insurance companies in mine.  Their profit motive in against my interest
Need to change our health care system from medical school, up. Free medical school for the qualified; resident pay directly to residents.
Will you be on the same plan?
People over profit Bernie!Yes patients over profit for health care. Ordinary ppl are the ones who do extra ordinary things to build nations
lets see how social security works out over the next 20 years, first
sanders you are a sellout.
you sold to crooked hillary the dreams of millions and bought a lakefront house w/the money.
Shut up already!
Bernie:

June - "Trump takes away health care from millions!"
July - "Trump sabotages health care!"
Sept - "This health care doesn't work"
Clearly, however, we have got to start over from scratch where costs for all aspects of U.S. medical care are concerned.
Those Saying Single-Payer Can't Work in America:

It works everywhere else. Are we too stupid or self-centered to make it work here, too? 
Bernie: I agree with your direction. Beware that the DNC is trying to steal this away from you to try and nullify your influence & efforts.
.Communist Bernie wants to control YOU the rest of your life and make sure you are miserable that is the goal not your health
Hospitals can barely provide good service now and appointments are scheduled months in advance imagine flooding system & fraud comes with it
.Americans should be mad bc Obamacare was designed to fail so single payer is forced on you. How conniving and deceitful is Bernie and Dems
Insurance companies have profited more under Obamacare than any other time. You are a total fraud. Bernie has made millions off Obamacare
Why can't we have a healthcare system like they do in Britain or Canada? It would be a lot better than the system we have now.
Because the state of California alone has more people than Canada
So? It doesn't have to be exactly the same as theirs. We can keep what works for us and and change what doesn't.
So who is going to pay for it then? Are you expecting doctors who go through 10+ years of edu to provide their services for cheap?
You will either lose hospitals since they aren't making enough money to pay people, or number of doctors to provide care to people
And if they do provide the care then it won't be as good since you'll be paying a cheaper price for their labor/
Britain and Canada both have huge populations as well and they found a way to make it work.
You're comparing 30 and 60 million people to 360 million people the US has.
Here in Oz, it's such a relief to know that if you are ill, you can go to hospital and get treated regardless of income/insurance! #Medicare
Single payer system like Socialism, is a great idea until put into practice. How do we pay for it? Who wants limited choice & rationed care?

Let's go one further customers over stockholders/CEO
Hear ya man, problem is those who get all those profits  They got a lot 2 spend 2 make sure they keep makin The price for are consciences
Wear my shoes sir. The already broken system  known as federal OWCP. Federal workers shipped over the coals and neglected. Maybe then.

I'm not paying any more to you wasteful beaurocrats until you show me where you will cut spending to pay for this crap!
You do that with #MedicareForAll
I am from India but I wished you would have been the president
You need to study other cultures. You don't know what you are saying.
Crook as is his wife
I am so proud of you and everyone who has supported this cause.  Keep up the good fight!
This guys a one trick pony
Sorry Bernie, Berniecare for all will not work, like the ACA didn't work, our Government doesn't work anymore not with Socialism involved.
Why don't you put public over your criminal and I American activities mr hypocrite 40% of my money goes to do nothing waste then there's u
My question is where does the money come from?
Why don't we all commit bank fraud so we can afford healthcare! Medicare for all will just burden those of us held to following tax laws!...
Here's a thought! Go after the healthcare cost and big Pharm co. profits instead of laying the burden on taxpayers to pay for free  loaders!
How would you know Senator? Get out in the real streets and talk to people! You are out of touch and delusional. Doctors&Nurses are needed.
Where will the 32 trillion dollars that your plan cost come from?
Profits enable people to pay for healthcare.

Bernie Sanders is not enrolled in Obamacare or Medicare.
We "ordinary Americans" subsidize his cadillac health insurance via our tax dollars https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/908028943013425166 …
Until I pay back states what u owe then from ur campaign...
I totally agree with that, but it's more individual like minded to correct this
And take the profit away from the insurance companies. Cancer, AIDS, and other medical conditions should not come into play for commissions
Says the ass with congressional perks
So, ordinary means what exactly?
Enroll in Medicare hypocrite.
unless Medicare pay the doctor correct service will be shit address the problem from both side.
Where do you get your medical care from Asshat?
Why not just enact it in your state and let others do what they want?
Agree! And the @SurgeryCenterOK is doing an amazing job of that!
You wanna help healthcare? Get real with costs. Since when should a room cost 4000 a day. An asprin 10 bucks. Wtf
Bernie, until you and your family get the same healthcare (Obamacare) that you have forced on others, you're a HYPOCRITE
Hey genius! the SAME can be said about YOU! Sell your houses and your Audi exoticar! Enter the system you demand for the American people!!
#MedicareforAll is NOT #SinglePayer !!! NO to parts B & C  & D! #MedicaidforAll is more like it!
SO why are hospitals against doctors forming health collaborative? MONEY... LIBERAL GREED... MONEY..  COMPETITION... MARKET FORCES. HM BERN
LoL #MedicareforAll #CommieCare.
Until we put all defrauders in jail, we'll have corrupt politicians.
Make them pay a huge tax on all the tv ads they buy to go toward health care.Sick of all the commercials!
Go home old man
PEOPLE OVER PROFITS!  Insist upon it!
How'd that work out in Vermont Bernie?  Oh, that's right. It didn't. California failed too.
Maybe the Mexican cartels should start making meds for middle class, and cut out the legal American cartel's. Sounds like win win.
@realDonaldTrump needs to throw his support behind this if only for the reason to make heads explode!
When healthcare is too expensive for the richest country on earth, you gotta go after the American cartel's. Merck, Pfizer, Astra Z.
Get the lawyers out of health care. Tort reform immediately lowers the cost to all
Hey Bernie, you're a hypocrite. As a wealthy man you are clueless about the rank and file.
this is so true, when money is the benchmark, ordinary people suffer! We must look for the greater good not greater profit 
Profits fund research.
How about you and the other senators and congressmen try it first? ACA was so great u exempted yourselves.
Whatever is being proposed by the GOPers has as the cornerstone MONEY! Look closely at what has been done businesses & the rich have won out
When will you give up your government cadillac plan?
bernie sanders is a communist
I swear the inigo mantoya gif is gonna be busy today.
Worked fine before Obamacare
You voted for 0bamacare and it didn't work for me. How can I possibly believe some different big-government scheme will be any better?
That's right.  I work in the field
I choose my rights over your make believe ones. You're a loser and a communist.
Nonsense
dont tell us, tell senator debbie stabenow

#singlepayershame
As he says from his sports car with a latte in his hand driving to one of million dollar homes.  You care nothing for Americans!
Did it work for this poor Canadian
Canadian doctors refuse treatment, let man die of bladder infection http://bit.ly/2jowmHQ 
Can you please fix Tricare first? We've had so many problems with them, entire units getting kicked off, told no spots available, etc.
Would Universal healthcare include mental health coverage for all of our police officers, public servants, and citizens? Just curious.
I had Medicaid when I had my daughter cause I'm poor, and they treat you like shit so I don't have a lot of faith in gov healthcare
So did I bc I was inbetween jobs, and it was a stress-free fantastic experience for which I am greatful. Maybe you're just a shitty person?
No
Aren't the profits what fund hospitals and pay salaries to health care workers? Will Doctors and nurses be working for less money?
Only thought on #Medicare4All  do you want the same people that run the DMV to run your healthcare?
I don't like the idea of the same people that run the DMV running my healthcare
And who pays for all the research that yields the greatest health care in the world. With socialized health we can kiss it all good by.
Dear Sen.  Great idea. Please tell me how are you going to pay for it??
Great point! One solution would be to stop these endless wars and stop occupying Europe and Asia the peace dividend would cover it...
I know its hard to believe Bernie: we got 5 years please talk about the cover ups Start a 33:00:
Federal Healthcare..  I got Medical, which should be Federal  lol because it come from State of California
Yes, our doctors our pigs for wanting to make a profit after 10 yrs of school + training and hundreds of thousands of dollars invested.
Doctors are paid well in Europe. You sound ignorant perhaps because you are.
What has our government ever run well? Public schools? Medicare? The VA? Why would you want them running your healthcare?
Government is it the answer to the problem. Government is he problem!
First stop giving them generic drugs filled with fillers that make people sick and are made in other countries WO proper quaility control
Because it will mean more if this
Well lead by example Bernie. Give up all your income for the greater good. Work for free like you want care givers to do.
Until all of Congress work for free, they will never understand the true implications of this statement.
Wow, all of these amateur "political economists" have forgotten that socialized medicine (Medicaid Medicare)already exists in America.
How you gonna fix that Bernie? You have all the questions so how about some answers?
@ryansc375 @KamalaHarris @MZHemingway #TaxDeductibleHealthCostsForAll  Why isn't this in place NOW? Hypocrites u pref tax rev over patients.
For all your words my family and i voted for you. Because the way that you think only people with clean hands and heart does it
Socialized misery as a chaser to Obamacare? The drunken handyman who just flooded your basement offers to bulldoze & rebuild your home. No!!
Shut up. Please.

good thing you're not ordinary #MedicareForAll
that could not be more true!
Are you paying for it??? All of America I mean!! They take 1/2 your pay in Canada and put you on a 3 year waiting list! #facts
You don't have a healthcare system you have disjointed medical provision.
I don't like that so many people are uninsured, but is this really the best solution? I (and nearly 70% of Americans) don't think so.
Because?
Look at how poorly the VA is ran, why would we want that on a large scale?
Any working business has to profit or it fails
Wonder why kind of innovation in medical will happen and who will want to be a doctor?  Stupidest idea that proves doesn't work
Cos only usa has doctors and innovation?
Only American Citizens should have access to American Healthcare?  Gosh, Bernie, doesn't that make you a National Socialist?
Treat the problem (high costs) and the symptoms (access) will improve...treat only the symptoms and the underlying problem will persist.
I'm all 4capitalism but our politicians sold out the American people for big business, backdoor deals and shady profits

Medical cost R2high
Why Bernie Sanders' #MedicareForAll Bill Would Be a Disaster
The profit-based healthcare system brings out the worst of capitalism. Without stringent oversight, profit will always outweigh patients.
It works fine for ordinary Americans because of profits.  U wouldn't understand that since u know nothing about business.
we remove profit, but we gotta figure out a way to keep doctors happy...
Need to regulate insurance companies! Premium for the working class. Is Crazy!
Funny how you're not on #Obamacare nor #Medicare.....

#Medicare4All #MedicareForAll
If people paid there own way it would be a hell of cheaper
This was tried in Vermont and was soundly defeated by the voters.  You live in Vermont, you should know this.

I work a full time job and live within my financial means.  Works just fine for me
Good man!
That's why people work ,to make money not welfare
Will you turn over your extra houses to the public? Many ordinary Americans don't have the luxury of owning a home. You can still keep one.
