All part of their plan to provoke a terrorist attack then declare martial law.
you have no idea what our president is trying to do
Stupid of me to waste time with a troll from Moscow, but others may appreciate this.
Sounds an awful lot like Obama regime, the DNC & Hillary with their PC media control
Shut up, Nazi.
@SenSchumer  Keep telling yourself that you may end up believing yourself.

please explain that to me, theres no reasoning in that statement, thats Democratic fear-mongering from liberal Dem.
Really Ed?
...Islamic State calls Hillary’s husband “the Fornicator-in-Chief.”  So there's your recruiting poster boy!
You're right. Blowing ISIS to bits might do the trick, though. Will really discourage recruitment, too. Try that.
@SenSchumer #SenSchumer & #Obama caused deaths of 500K+ Syrians, including children & babies. ZERO tears shed for those Muslims!
Senater Ed Democrat Omar Mateen has already been recruited in Orlando to be the Biggest Mass Murderer in US History!
@SenSchumer not true
you incorrectly calling it #muslimban does more to incite and encourage terrorism than the EO, by far.
Funny, but that is EXACTLY what the President of Iran said. Nice to know whence you get your talking points.
...a place where the president has sex in the oval office with his intern.
Sure. Those people are STILL pissed about losing Spain 518 years ago, but this not-a-ban ban is what will set them off for real. Idiot pols.
No Senator, you and your ilk are no better than daesh and should be treated no differently than the terrorist you support. CAIR
We elected Trump to make that decision. Not you. #BuildTheWall #TermLimitsNow
With Trump in office, they are finished. No more leaflets to warn them we are going to bomb them. No more arms from Obama.
Eugene I get it you sre so partisan you cant think straight. I ama patient man. All leaders face issues Trump will
This is not enough. Do something. Sue the government, Trump. @SenWarren
why? Because your feelings are hurt? Nobody died, nobody got hurt except one guy beaten by leftwing rioters.
All you liberal constantly spin this.  Give FACTS.  Just the facts.  No spin, no bleeding liberal emotions.  FACTS!
what part of WAR don't you understand? Resign
Get a clue! The only gift I want to give ISIS, is a bullet. But you won't even allow that. #growapair!
Clinton's image is used on Islamic State videos to represent the immorality of America –
More like senator malarkey???
do you actually believe the crap that comes out of your mouth?  Any suggestions on how to reduce terrorism?  No unicorns allowed.
That is a crock of shit!
Existence of US is enough in itself. Immigration ban makes no difference.
Since when does Islam have a say in American policy.
What you’re saying is that the ban will make Muslims violent. Could you possibly be more bigoted?
It's not a Muslim ban. It's a halt on travel for 3 months so we can get our vetting system strenghthened for those 7 countries.
Like they need another reason. Try another lie. That one isn't working.
Senator Markey and his type are why I escaped the People's Republic of Massachusetts and moved to Maine!
MA residents can read AND think for themselves; it's not a "Muslim Ban". Stop inciting & dividing with deception #PropagandaGames
then what will? We cannot do nothing to keep terrorists from entering the US
!
try reading the executive order it's not a ban. It's a temporary hold. Quit lying to the public.
So what has ISIS been recruiting w/before Sat! If we eliminate ISIS prob solved! Dems do not w/2 solve probs they just want $$
it's not a Muslim ban. Enough with the fake news
@SenSchumer
Sen. Chuck Schumer and his ally, Isis, keep throughing #Islam under the bus as the cause of terrorism because the Ban is to stop terrorists.
NO ILLEGALS!!
Ed?  Come up with a new bumper sticker or shut up.
: stop with fake news. It is NOT a Muslim ban. It is a copy of what OBAMA implemented you bold faced liar
: no wall ?
Nuts!
@SenSchumer what about allowing the middle eastern countries like Saudi Arabia take in their own people!
Categorizing a temporary 7 country moratorium on refugees as a #MuslimBan isn't lying.....

It's outright FRAUD!
Bombed and killed them create friends? Your logic is beyond humans' consumption. What's next? War is peace? Ignorance is strength? Lapdog!!!

no that was Obama letting the Syrian refugees in
@SenSchumer it's not a Muslim ban
@SenSchumer: More liberal double talk. You Dems are getting nutter by the day. Focus on our our homeless Vets, true Americans.
What WILL reduce the threat of terrorism? How--specifically--should we go about making radicals love us, aside from converting?
@SenSchumer Yeah, like with Ft Hood, Chattanooga, Boston, San Bernardino, Orlando, OKC... Oh wait-those were all under Obama
@SenSchumer You and Hussain Obama the biggest assets #ISIS can get
Please explain why Muslims that are also killed by Terrorists, wouldn't want ISIS destroyed? You Dem. get more absurd by the day.
I call bullshit.
By that rationale, you should leave your home and cars unlocked so you don't piss off theives.
Spineless "red lines in the sand" have done the most damage Sen "Mahkey". (come on, pronounce R's!)
what recruitment"tool"N 11th century?theyDO NOT NEED A TOOL.they want ALL under Sharia Law,what ever means nessassary
If ISIS is dangerous then the vetting is good. If they aren't then banning won't change them into terrorists. Not a hard concept.
You mean that by doing nothing, you think ISIS will hate us less?
Hun. It's not a Muslim ban. Get your facts straight and you may sound intelligent and maybe people will listen.
@SenSchumer it's not a ban it's a suspension.  Big difference!  Funny I didn't hear you cry when Obama did the same thing
Get real. You think and advocate that if we pet the snake nicely enough it won't bite us. That is utterly stupid and dangerous.
I guess you don't have to be a MENSA member to run for office. Your statement is so full of holes & inaccuracy it's just amazing.
But I thought Terrorists were not islamic Guess that was a lie.
But Muslims aren't terrorists, so how would this be a recruitment gift?
@SenSchumer 
Why do you defend potential terrorist that could put American citizens at risk? Americans first!
should we take that away because of recruitment?  I expect more from the sen but I guess not anymore
the first time and I'm tires of this same ol crap. Everything makes us a target. The freedom we give our women is another part
soo you really think this is a great tool?  They already use it. So we are to be oh no they're upset?  No we play offense for
You and yours buds are the gift to ISIS. You are selling Anerica out for politicsl gain.
When is MA going to get rid of you losers. It's time for term limits to get you swamp people out of the way.
@SenSchumer it is not a Muslim ban, stupid!
not quite the same gift as announcing and pulling troops out, leaving a vacuum for ISIS to rise, but...... smh
@SenSchumer Please stop continuing a false narrative. Please mention Obama's ban of Iraqis for 6 months. This is not a Muslim ban
The "#muslimBan" gift was given to the terrorists by you and the left. Trumps temp immigration ban didn't specify any religion.
.@SenMarkey dopey is as dopey does, don't you have some climate deniers to denigrate?
if muslims are so easily turned into ISIS soldiers, then maybe the ban should be total and indefinite
So Muslims DO have a proclivity to terrorism? I mean, if being delayed in immigration to USA will result in violence?
@SenSchumer This is your SPECULATION the fact is Radical Islam has been recruiting since long b4 9/11, I wonder why? Hint Quran
Not a muslim ban! I thought You could at least read.
ridiculous assertion Dem talking points illogical ISIS formed under Obama what was his terrorist recruiting tool?
@SenSchumer The ban on Nations is not #MuslimBan unless you can prove all the world Muslims are banned. You are #Liars. #VoteCard
and I guess the firebombings of Dresden and Hamburg were a "recruitment gift" for the Nazis
your panty bunch is cutting off blood to your brain.
I feel for your constituents.  Led by a fool.
When the muslims start uprising in the United States you will be dead and long gone think of the future
tell that to the dead Canada Muslims.
A country ban will affect how many that might want 2 do harm.  Everyone knows it wont stop it, but we hope to reduce the attempts
bull crap
Except it's not really a ban on Muslims, that's just your cute hashtag.
@SenSchumer http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/gNp58 …
but I thought Muslims had nothing to do with terrorist attacks
@SenSchumer You said it would when Obama did it
That premise has worked out so well for us over the past 8 years, hasn't it?
.@SenMarkey What would? Should we import every one of them? Give them our money? It's because they're poor right? Come on tell me!!!
.@SenMarkey Tell us how well outright appeasement has done in Europe, Senator.
BUT not invading muslim countries will! Right? Get the f out from Syria and STOP financing ISIS and Al Qaeda #Obama
Our existence is a recruitment gift to them.
yeah, i bet all their recruits were on the fence before now.
Yeah right. These are same ppl crucifying kids on an upside down cross? Ur afraid to make them angry? You are a coward!
what a dummy
Horseshit.
Im not sure what day t was when we decided that the taliban wasnt a threat anymore. Or was contained. Let's not make the same mistake w isis
Delete your account.
Based on what evidence? You're just buzzwording to stir up your flock again, aren't you?
How about we fight these thugs until their dead. We were supposed to do this with the taliban. But democrats have no spine. They surrender
So we are supposed to bend over and let isis get US from behind. How about no. Obama created and failed with isis. The JV team is winning
I thought terrorism had nothing to do with Islam?
I thought ISIS has nothing to do with Muslims or Islam. Care to explain?
@senschumer used to refuse term "Muslim" Now cry for few Jihadi country temporary detainees, not Americans lost to terror
So you're confirming that 'radical muslim terrorism' is a real thing? I never heard Obama use this phrase ONCE
They are going to recruit no matter what we do. They want us dead. Get it?
You need to see a doctor
So your answer is to appease ISIS by not reacting to terror threats? Canada just 'welcomed' muslims refugees - mosques attacked by muslims??
playing to your base at the expense of American lives . What a loser.
So FGM and acid on your  daughter are what? @SenMarkey
the 5 most populous Muslim countries are not in the ban. your rhetoric is hateful and a LIE LIE LIE there is no Muslim ban
whatever we need to do to flush out the terrorist is a tactic not a gift. People who are recruitable are also terrorist.
as if they need recruitment gifts they already despise us and our way of life. They dont even like their own people. Get over it
The slightest bit of resistance at all towards terrorism is inevitably a gift to ISIS. Complete clown.
and your a fool, ohio state, Boston marathon etc..
Poster boy for term limits... and stupidity.
So was Obama
How about when Obama did it?
Maybe voting your ass out of office will!
how long have u been a Senator? Muslim is a religion,not one of 7 countries banned.There 47 other maj Muslim countries not banned
sounds just like another idiot - Neville Chamberlain
Only this time the idiots haven't learnt from the past. More of them too 
@SenSchumer hey Ed that's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.Whiny Democrats!
you feckless fools in our government take notice, we demand action not rhetoric
@SenSchumer
How do you know?  Hasn't taken effect yet! You can't possibly know what it will do at this moment!  Absurd.
what?!?
Let's create some Astro turf protests and manufacture news!
you just never made any sense and I think you are not mentally sound to complete your term
