and if our military stays at it's current level we will not need any of these things.
So, before President Trump's proposed spending increase, how have those 3 areas of focus performed? Laughable!
If those performed bad, now those are going to be worse
Not true. None of those entities performed under efficient model. Can easily improve even w/ xtra def $!
Exactly what I'm saying. If in the past performed bad, now they are going to be worse. Cut budget
No, spend budget wiser.  We are not saying same thing. Can run more efficiently w/ less $.
Trumpski is not proposing to spend budget wiser but to take from one place to give to another
Wrong, that's not how the budget works. Most of the budget is designated for it's own swim lane.
In other words, if an entitlement program's funding increases, it doesn't rob from defense spending.
Yeah, unless of course new jobs are created, creating new tax wealth, and fueling infrastructure.
Now that is head-thinking
, that is not true hey your hair's on fire
What's the good of having health care, education, or environment if you can't defend them? Ever think of that.
It will come at the expense of corrupt and duplicitous programs
you can't fix stupid but you can expel the stupid!!! Get out
I say no.  Defense budget is already bloated & needs to be managed better.
You are letting your quests off easy. You have done lots of stories on EPA ABUSES, but nada tonight talking to him
This is what passes for "leadership" in my state.An idiot that drove an ice cream truck and a fake Indian fraud.
You and your colleagues had no problem increasing the debt 10 trillion
@lifeandstuff247 @greta @MSNBC Those items are not important to this administration war mongers only care about stuffing pockets
So we should just ignore the one thing that is in the Constitution-provide for the national defense?Liberals, Ugh.
he wishes
No it won't. Budget cuts could easily take care of DOD. Always lots of waste.Get business person on those contracts
This guy is just mumbling. Nice to have you back Greta.
so what's it going to cost us if we get attacked and our military stays like it is or even less then what we have?
everything suffers under liberal ideology except higher welfare and poverty. You had 8 years and wasted them.
if we don't have a strong defense, we won't have to worry about education, health care or the environment.
So teacher union leaders will lose sending money back to the DNC. Ok I'm good with that
Go ahead Greta over the next month send some faux constituent requests see if @SenMarkey office ever responds. Disgraceful.
All Lies Markey didn't listen to State of Union
cutting the fat and putting people to work (more taxpayers).
they're hundreds of other programs they can get the money from
lets cut edu dept and epa as unneeded and replace hc with change left over
but not his special security budget that is costing America MILLIONS!
Sounds rather presumptive?
Can someone explain to me how/when the Fed Gov't became responsible for Everything BUT Defense and Infrastructure?!
In Boston he's known as Malarky Markey. Prs T has beaten the odds & he'll keep doing it. U & LizW will be out, out.
What Good are the other three if your not safe?
rWithout a strong military you won't have to worry about that stuff Obama left the military go to hell.
we must have a great defense!  The rest will follow.
You have no idea where he will come up with this money because Dems only know how to spend and tax!
our military comes first!
I'd we don't have a secure country ISIS won't care
good.
@POTUS @WashTimes @WSJ PEACNIK SEN MARKEY RATHER RED THAN DEAD IS ANTI-USA WHILE MILITARY IS DOWN AND OUT DEPLETED
BAD CHECK MARKEY wants to hold purse strings of Socialist USA. @realDonaldTrump has a better agenda for US
Fake poll I'm sure.
#fearmongering
Sen. Markey has spent over 30 years in Washington fattening up his pension I can't recall him doing anything else 
The sad part is @SenMarkey is serious; he believes this garbage; condemnation at all cost; no working together; #Hatred!
Any evidence more spending on education has been effective...at all?
They don't care about the Vets, just increasing government.
So, how about they fix problems rather than throwing $ at it claiming it's fixed.  VA is a perfect example.
Typical D.  Educatio, health care spending increased exponentially last 8 years with worse results.
YOU ARE ANOTHER DOOMSAYER -WHO ALWAYS TELLS YOU WHY YOU CAN'T AND NEVER EVER HAS KNOWN HOW YOU CAN  - JUST A LOSER
Not true!
how many old white dudes can the Democrats roll out to tell Trump he lacks diversity?
good...you cant waste so much money..want to chrge to ride bus but have $ to build 300,000 ftball hs stadium
The World is a very dangerous place and we must B able to defind Our Country Our Way of Life - Period!
but it wont come at the expense of innocent people's lives...
So he's cleaning out some areas that are overspending possibly?
#Trump might want to see the consequences of our democracy from billionaires.
that interviewer was awful.
can we rustle up a few dollars to save school lunches?! It's a disgrace.
