You need to support the nomination of Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court!  Stop the division in our country!
NO Gorsuch! This election was compromised! Stop all legislation and NO SCOTUS
compromised?  Was it compromised when Obama was elected? Why can you socialist accept it?
Trump Troll bots, how I tire of this game.
BE GONE!
*POOF*
Chucky is a great fear salesman and we ain't buying. Gov't already collects this info thru ACA. Try again.
Isn't about gov collecting it. It's about companies being able to sell your info.
great point/would be wonderful if we could have an Opt In vs Opt Out and no one sell our info.
Back to the day to day horror show.
The GOP is falling apart, they are not able to Govern, much less work with the Democrats.  Work together or leave
1/2 Health info is already being shipped overseas via medical transcription companies looking to save a $ - and govt allows it.
Infuriating!!!
Chuck, you no longer have say in anything politics because you're a FAKE POLITICIAN. Please resign or hide!
Very interesting read.
@adichappo @SenateGOP enough already, too much money being spent now...stop marketing and maximizing on my health concerns etc.
Why would they do that?  Its citizen's data
The GOP is doing as much harm as possible to the American people. Do they forget they r elected officials?
djt included.
This is WRONG? Just wrong. Just like DMV selling our info. To support the telemarketers. BS politicos paid off!
what about nysafeact and HEPA law.
Sell off info--at least it's out in the open, not like the Damncrats who HIDE ALL INFO!!
tell them NO
@SenCoryGardner @SenBennetCO  this is an unacceptable law to pass. Do note vote for isp selling of data!
one sure fire way to force people to stop seeking healthcare
Not just health & finance, @SenateGOP want #RobertMercer to get social/political data to generate #fakenews for #election2018
@FMelonhead @SenateGOP  Are we powerless in preventing tyranny, treason, slander, libel because @NRSC says so? Sick Congress.
Sell out Dems
@SenatorCollins @mfalpac . Unbelievable. Party before her people. So disappointed in Susan Collins
2/2 They have access to ALL our info.  Health records hold more info than criminal, financial databases combined.
@anonbene5 @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @ABCPolitics My information is my own/not theirs to sell! #TheResistance #killthebill
Schumer: You continually compound your lies. You have no credibility!! Resign now!! U R an embarrassment to America##
Saw Senator Portmam was in that list, I think they've sold their noby parts to corporate interest. @senrobportman
Chuck that is a lie, ISPs cannot sell your financial information. This is fear mongering.
They will if this passes idiot
Ah no, read the small print from your bank or brokerage firm.
The bill will remove the written consent... I.e. They can get it without asking or informing you.
@WeNeededHillary @SenateGOP Now that we cannot have
this is disgraceful and and an invasion of privacy. Shame on GOP for making Americans less safe. BRAVO CHUCK!
This is SO reprehensible and no justification to rationalize it is anything other than very harmful to citizens. STOP
@b111861 @SenateGOP Very disheartened. Thanks GOP for really making America great again just not for the average American.
privacy=security...GOP opening up millions of americans to hacking and misdeeds.
Quit selling our information!!! 
@mcspocky @SenateGOP

I guess I don't have to say this, but, please vote NO!
Obamacare database was already hacked during Obama's term, so stop selling a lemon to Americans. PLUS THE NSA is monitoring everyone.
You've got to be kidding me. WTH
If you do this, we will NEVER forget
What can we do to protect our information?
@WeObject2016 @SenateGOP GOP, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
nobody cares what you have to say Chucky boy
What Privacy? NSA CIA Obama Administration are thieves of personal data it’s purely to save their own asses. #Vault7
Noooooooo! VOTE NOOOOOO
@WeObject2016 @SenateGOP Assuming Putin will be among the bidders?
u mean like the way hundreds of thousands of college students got jerked with the FAFSA and NYSTAP for 2017-18?
This is unconscionable. Ask the Senate GOP how their healthcare coverage is.
pls stop the criminals in any way possible
our children future is on the line
STOP BEING NICE
FIGHT
You didn't seem concerned when you let Obama hand control of the internet over to a foreign body .
What the hell Chuck!
Did U think we wouldn't know because of all going on in Congress!! Consumers don't want info out
Your NSA is already doing that.
@CLandreau82 @SenateGOP the GOP is a bunch of disgusting thieves
thank you, I'm sad it didn't pass but you voted well
funny...we signed up for no call list, suddenly everyone's calling. Was it sold too Chuck?
Chuck .. stay in sidelines and have zero impact ... #FIXCOUNTY #FixCountryPeople
@maddow Tues 11-06-2018 has been on voters' calendars. 
#VotersAreWatching #VotersDoYourHomework
let me guess, the biggest purchasers will be Russian
I called and said NO about this and the AIDE told me he never heard of this bill !!  WTH ?
I hate it when I agree with a Zionist
I'm already working on a Kickstarter to buy and publish Jeff Flake's personal browser history if this passes.
Senator, how can that be??!! You're now selling my privacy? WTF?!
@Sabrina_L_O @SenateGOP Go get your shine-box. What a impotent excuse for a Liberal.
yeah too bad They voted against it. Plz explain how you get a majority vote if not all 100 senators vote?
@JustWhatNowWhy @SenateGOP NO!!! #resist my info is NOT for sale unless I get the money
Didn't the democrats give away the internet!  HYPROCRITS TO HELL!
HEY CHUCKY, your beloved Harry Reid LOVED & CREATED the nuclear option!  Republicans R behind the score in their use
@blueskymountain @SenateGOP How is this even legal? They are going to have a shock their system come 2018. Say goodbye GOP.
bullshit.
They do realize that if they keep up this crap they're gonna be voted out right??
don't worry, they aren't instrested in revealing your porn fetishes, they just want to target the sex adds more efficiently. 
@longislandtonv @SenateGOP invasion of privacy.
Isn't that illegal?? If we don't authorize that is a crime.
What the fuck?! 
fact of the matter is the GOV has been stealing the info, someone might as well make a buck besides them
Now what do they do fix the ACA or wear helmets in the pool?
We are happy the vote is delayed. 
We want a fair deal
Schoo of ORK, MGEDYAY.
more lies by a crooked politician who is to old and senile to be significant, term limits.
just like when you libs said we have to pass Obamacare to see what's in Obamacare
@ballardista @SenateGOP  The idea of this is making my stomach turn. At first I didn't think it could be real.
I used to spank my five yr old for acting like the Dems are now
does the senate GOP realize that most of them will not have jobs after 2018. Is that why they just don't care?
another piece of legislation to repeal when the Dems take back the Congress!
So they are voting to allow what the @NSAGov @nsaalready does? # THEHAMMER
@ResistanceParty @IndivisibleTeam @TX21Indivisible 

Spread the word to stop this invasion of privacy
The ethics in the GOP are null and void!
Uuuuuugh.
I think Schumer is a clown but he's right. Selling consumer browsing history is a BIG problem.  #Broadbandprivacy
horrible 4 all
Two dozen white men demanding insurance companies be allowed to exclude maternity care 
Let's be honest we're not going to have much left when these guys are done "improving our lives" and country
Shut up, clown  @SenateGOP
what's wrong with America?? Leaders who care more for $ than their constituents @SenateDems @
We support your filibuster. 4 yrs.
So what are you hiding Chuck?
If this #GOPBS passes, I will be referring all SPAM back to my Representative and Senators, as well as @SenateGOP @HouseGOP

For those who don't know "ISPs" are internet service providers. This is bad if it passes.
SHOCKER!! How about the 3 stooges, Pelosi, Schumer & Waters resign so country can move forward? Thank you in advance
the people demand u put our sacred #Constitution before your political agenda. No #filibuster go #nuclear Mitch @realDonaldTrump
this is disgusting. GOP only has their interests in mind. November can't get here fast enough.
Is there anything we can do?
. That scares the poop out of us. What other things are we being stripped of?
As long as their info gets sold too. Tit 4 Tat. We R watching them. Stop them Senator Schumer.
remind them that "money is the root of all evil." Karma is NOT on their side.  Keep up the good fight Senator.
@VP & #GOP Congressional bbfs r smashing all CITIZEN protections. ESPECIALLY when profits r too be made 2 donors/self
Amkh idina lacan ilak at'tsen't  dachig'len mit telit d'ltofan mit'zrit imanikh g'lemri.
And to hell with HIPA laws? Not to mention Privacy Act?
I You should have a national sales tax to cover those that cannot afford insurance not businesses
How much $ do U get from Lobbyist & Special Interest groups?  Share your finances & don't mean tax returns. Follow $!
Moving on to new partisan pastures since he's a dead man walking on Gorsuch. #hack
It amazes me how many dumbed down people R out there. Keep Oscumacare & let fail on own. Then what will U Aholes do?
Are you telling me this came up an hour ago with no warning? You couldn't give a heads up so we could contact our senators? WTF
Just like the DUMOCRATS!
Well when you're drunk with greed & power, it's what you do.
U and dems are obstructionists, on Supreme Court confirmation - fillibuster, just out of spite, bunch of 2 yr olds!
OF COURSE HE IS! PRACTICING 'RESISTANCE' AGAIN! TYPICAL BLEEDING HEART LIBERAL!
It's indecent & immoral that mega-billionaires like the Mercers collect our data & manipulate our thinking with it.
Tech model of click + tracking + behavior influencing = $$$ has got to change.
I want Dem party platform outlawing collection sales or sharing of our info gleaned fr SM credit card & internet use.
you used it to create a gun registry to see who owned guns
What Country are we living in????
Thank you Mr. Schumer for pointing this out for We The People. It's wrong and @SenateGOP should know this. Stop selling us out!
are they not the first to cry about privacy then why sell off makes no sense
@morganarae @SenateGOP THIS is CRAZY! Stop this bill!
I just called @SenFeinstein's office and asked her to vote NO!
@NCDemocrat @SenateGOP They do not know how to govern but they sure do know how to tear down a democracy
I see your Winehead Co-Whip Dick Durbin or his staff wrote an editorial for The New York Times on 4Profit colleges.
More of a mess to unravel when @realDonaldTrump goes to GITMO making all actions mute. PAUSE & VET bad dude.
The Obama law that was in effect repealed today was crap and unfair.  Now do your job and write a good fair law.
don't worry,when we pack them all to jail,we can undo all the shit peacefully
I guess #DemocraticParty selling off my #healthcare is ok?
Libs, do your OWN research and LEARN the truth. Think for yourselves!
Is that an asymptote in your pocket or are you just happy to see us?
how do we stop them ?
as opposed to US govt agencies spying on Americans electronic transmissions? Getting desperate, Chucky
@sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson This is NOT ACCEPTABLE! Keep it up and we WILL turn Georgia BLUE in 2018!
I call B.S. Chucky.  Hipaa laws provide protection unless you voluntarily allow disclosure.
I sincerely can't take 4 years of this!
, How is this possible due to HIPPA, it's my info, not theirs!
i have seen rocks that are smarter than you are
And we can't see that asshole's taxes.This country is not free...there is no liberty or justice for the working poor
Senator Schumer, please keep fighting 4 the people. You will stand out as bring on the right side of history. Thank u
What do they care? The @SenateGOP wants to take away our rights and give our personal data to the highest bidder. Real nice.
What right are they "giving away"?
That would be just another aspect of "the right of privacy." If you want your data to be sold,fine.notme
Ummm....Chucky, you know about HIPAA laws right? Or are you just employing scare tactics against the ill informed?  Ignorance or arrogance?
Use TOR, it is encrypted from your desktop. Then it will not matter #readfirstthentweet
. @SenateGOP only cares about protecting us from imaginary bathroom attacks. Leaves us out to dry on legit issues. #pathetic
Keep on fighting... The majority of us are behind you
@GOP also Allowing your EMPLOYER to REQUIRE Employees to SUBMIT to GENETIC TESTING as H/Care & allow SALE of DNA to ANY 3rd Pty
How much is GOP getting paid for sharing our personal info.
I believe it was the same amount Obama secretly gave Iran in cash.
Or maybe the same amount Hillary negotiated with Russia during the uranium deal. Not really sure which
Let me guess kick backs for them
Unbelievable
Exactly.  I don't believe Chucky either!
.@SenSchumer Wait a second, why wasn't this filibustered? We said FULL RESISTANCE & we MEANT it. NO MORE VOTES. #PauseThisPresidency #Resist
becuz obama card was so brilliant
When is enough truly ENOUGH? #Resist
it will be ok Chuck
Please do it. Ppl R not just handed welfare. Myth. Plus all Liberals are not on it. Never have been.
