...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They....
Thank you senator.
Thanks for what being dumb and deceitful towards the president lmao morons
You and the rest of Congress should apologize to the American Public for taking our hard earned money and doing NOTHING #WAITING
for what? He did everything right while mayor sits on ass blaming trump because she doesn't do her job.. look at everything loser
maybe you should apologize to Trump! he was right !
Screams for help are coming out...Calls to bypass the government

#SOSPuertoRico…
Apologize for making two hurricanes hit an island? LMAO!
NEVER
Mayor needs to say thank you US citizens for helping in our time of need. The governor understand. It takes time if you have no ports.
From what I saw & read, I'd say mayor of San Juan owes Pres. Trump an apology & all those working round the clock.
your darn tootin
How come you weren't critical of BO when he played golf during his national crisis?
Good to hear from you Senator
What should he apologize for? HE didn't  steal/overspend/misuse money? He's sent them all they need. Poor planning on THEIR part not HIS!
Trump should not go to Puerto Rico
And if he does, and he meets the mayor, she needs to walk up to him and point a finger in his face! #conservativesswillloseit  #hypocrites
Right back at her.

He will not, he is an embarrassment to the country and the world.
PR "leadership" is an embarrassment to its people. No wonder they all go on welfare here. Learned helplessness.
apologize? For what? telling the truth. Or becuse She is a woman. STOP IT WITH all this pc crap. It is so idiotic.The world is falling apart
Problem is Trump never apologizes...he lacks the empathy gene.
trump has not apologized for anything in his life. It won't happen now. He thinks he is right. He is sick.
What have you done sir?
Markey is an embarrassment to Massachusetts!  Or is it Maryland … where he actually lives?
A true test of his humanity and his manhood. Is #Trump man enough to apologize?
Trump shouldn’t go to Puerto Rico because it’ll shut down the airport. Send helos instead.
Lying asshole democrap. What R U doing to help beside running your reprobate mouth? That's what I thought U useless prick.
Trump should apologize for the hurricane? ...or does the truth just hurt?
Malarkey Markey
Who sees Cat 5 heading their way, knows there R power outages, lazy ppl on good days, and doesn't gather more than a 2 wks food/water/meds?
When are you going to apologize for telling people you’re a veteran when your not. We’re waiting!!!
PR should pull a Trump and withdraw the invitation which was never asked for in the 1st place. send fuel, water & food, not Ass.
Disappointing comment Mr. Markey
IM A MASSACHUSETTS RESIDENT.  I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU VOTED OUT - & POCAHONTAS RIGHT ALONG WITH YA
No you apologize for attacking him. The governor says he found a great Job. You're a liar.
The Democrats are Weak!
For what? Sending the tremendous amount of aid and supplies thy the US has provided.
APOLOGIZE?!!! People died. People lost their kids and mothers and fathers! People are dying. Apologizes aren't going to fucking cut it, Ed.
are you going to do the same? Oh wait, you'll be sitting in your  sanitary office creating more discord via social media.
My guess is he cancels
Stay Home. It will waste valuable resources needed elsewhere and anything he says will either be useless, or make the situation worse...
For what?
Agree! But that would be an act of a sane person. Not going happen. Sad!!!
That’s enough Ed. You are divisive. How about you apologize for being critical of the potus yet doing nothing in the senate to support him
Apologies wont be accepted, they are there to commit the same type of afflictions over again. "Love is never to say I'm sorry"
remember Ray Nagin?  Dumb ass?
Puerto Rico's abysmal financial situation should be a wake up call to US voters! It's what happens when DEMs get unlimited power!
Puerro Rico spends $6 Billion a year in state PAYROLLS!
Iowa(same population) spends a fraction of this!
Sad result of unlimited DEM rule!
HE should stay on the island overnight away from San Juan without power, water or food.
HE would be smart enough to bring enough food and water for the event.
Mayor is being used as a pawn by the democrats. Dems should be ashamed.
Ever see donny apologize for anything? He'll blame the media for quoting him.
Not happening!! If he cancels he won't apologize for that either!
First thing you should do this morning is resign.
Retweet your condemnation of her tweeting the duly elected President didn’t deserve it right after the election. Oh wait, you didn’t. Trump punches back, Deal with it.
Please send all of the Federal Dollars that Massachusetts receives to rebuild Puerto Rico they need 15 Billion dollars from Mass  Show Trump
No. Keep our money here. Rescue only. They need to learn to how to build and be industrious and frugal on their own.
I'd like to see his "incredible athleticism" put to work alongside the first responders.
It would be a first... not in his DNA
Where have you been? He has never apologized for anything. He is  a narcissistic bully. If you don’t praise him, you are against him.
Dems and snowflakes very similar - can not take or understand when criticism is deserved. Apologize for what?  Telling the truth. Boo hoo
Good luck with that, Trump will probably hand them a bill to pay him back for the help he did send.
@realDonaldTrump You know that they've been cleaning up since Irma right? Let's see you roll up your sleeves old man. At 91 Carter would.
Trump apologize.  That will never, ever happen.  He still owes Barack Obama an apology as well as so many others.
He should but won’t because when has he apologized for a damn thing #DreamWorld
I'd love to seethe leaders of #puertorico tell him to stay home. Nothing he will do or say will be honest or helpful.
That would be twice the work you've done this year, Apathetic Ed ! Enjoy you're final term, Ed, we have all the do-nothing Dems we need !
$10 bucks he cancels his trip because of their "ungratefulness."
PR citizens voted to become a state. Why has Congress not acted on that? It is up to you!
Why have you voted down infrastructure funds to PR over the past decade?
Unhelpful rederic as usual. Why don't you give him the money he needs to do the job. This is in the Congress to open the purse strings
You have been in Congress for nearly 40 years. I want an apology from you for forcing the ACA on us. Apologize for continually raising taxes
I think I'll wait for hell to freeze over instead.
Like thats ever going to happen. More likely to cancel his trip.
Bet he cancels
Decentralized, renewable power literally returns the power to the people. Instead they are chained by lack of the diesel-lifeblood.
If the interior villages had microgrids right now, they could communicate,  clean water and refrigerate medicines. One EV to xport the sick
Sen Markey, please consider some sort of pilot program to set PR up with decentralized, renewable microgrids and village electric vehicle.
SENATOR ED MARKEY # Likewise I'm still in SHOCK. EMERGENCY IN UGANDA Home of Cranes how Dictator Ykmuseveni beat Hon MParliament to death WH
He should go to hell instead.
It's time for 25:4 or immediate impeachment/removal
Like that will happen
Hahaha. Never happen he will double down
Agree but he won't.  Embarrassing and disgusting

Hey @SenSchumer, I have friends on the ground in Puerto Rico. Read below and stop politicizing this tragedy. All Americans should read & RT. 
He should stay home, being there will be a distraction and will only feed his narcissistic requirement for it to be all about him
He never apologizes.  After his tweets, I'm surprised he'd even go.  But he's Trump.  He thinks everyone's going to welcome him w open arms
And resign. He needs to be impeached NOW
Spot on ! But probably needs therapy first. Needs to learn apologizing is not sign of weakness. Has to stop watching NCIS and read a book!
He should be held accountable for his lack of  response.This is criminal.Imagine your mother lying there dying because of lack of basic meds
Soulless men never apologize.
No he shouldn’t
Fact is leadership folded under pressure. In desperation cried for help, adding what she thought would get most Attn. Over acted her part!
@realDonaldTrump PUERTO RICO DOESN'T WANT THT RACIST GARBAGE SOB IN THE ISLAND
You know he wont though
That would be a first...
For what? Helping? If anyone should be apologizing it's the local governments in Puerto Rico to their citizens for not being prepared.
Another Trump asskisser. Of course you'd say this. No blame for god king Trump. Literally did nothing to help Americans until a week later.
Did Trump tell P.R. many years ago not to modernize their electric grid, drainage system & building codes in case of hurricanes? 

No..STFU!
By just blaming Trump nothing will be learnt from this disaster to better plan & prepare for the next. People are so stupid & shortsighted.
So after things are stabilized & the clean up is done are you saying nothing should be done to better prepare for the next hurricane?
Is he going to be bringing Maga hats for all? Does he take his own cheerleaders with him when he travels?  Doubt big crowd will cheer 4 him.
That would be the right thing to do unfortunately you and I both know he won't apologize for anything he says or does.
Apologise to who for what?

You think he is still going to go?
Nothing like the can do, helpful people of Texas on this island.
It will be interesting to see the people's response to him. I wonder if they will want selfies and let him kiss their babies
It's his staff's job to find a few so they will or will surround him with FEMA or military.  Another meaningless stunt to soothe his ego.

10,000 troops on the ground on a 3rd world island due to corruption for last 50 yrs. thousands of unloaded containers. What have you done?
@realDonaldTrump leadership style = lying, cheating, bullying, defaming. He has no guts, no character; thus is incapable of apologizing.
The first thing he should do is .  . . not go. They don't need his divisiveness there.
My guess is he weasels his way out of even going.
