Why does this government get to do anything when we have illegitimate man in WH, nothing should be passed or approved till all facts out

The thing is that Obama will pass into history as the best @POTUS44 . @realDonaldTrump is shitting on we, the people

With much other important agenda items in Congress, a California Republican can only think of renaming a Post Office to Merle Haggard! Who?
Such a great achievement, gosh that's why this guy gets elected >CountryMusic! Forget jobs, healthcare, dang Kern citizens! C'mon man!
And this guy wants to be House Speaker!!!!
Saw the 200 million medicaid bribe that  appeared to relight this debate.  You realize with traitors in office this is easy fiction?
Elected officials should NOT have access to any other form of healthcare but theSame plan they proffered thePPL #TrumpCare
Kamala...Thx for all you do for your constituents and for all those who need quality healthcare. I am PROUD to call you MY Senator.
Another democrat liar
Thank you for your work too :)
Yeah let's get real Healthcare for all Americans if your young and working you pay in to take care of the old we all will get old!
They r turning people away claiming there is no bill. Snt Burr office

I called every senator's office two weeks ago and i will do so again tomorrow. They don't care about the American people.
We will continue. We will not stop.
They're not done, Sen Toomey said tonight they think they have the votes needed, just like the House passed it after we thought it was dead.
I might be easier for "us" to apply "pressure" if we could get some more Greens elected soon
Trying my best in PA.  Stay the course, Senator.  Really like your style.
Don't count on it.  After what we've seen with Toomey, PA Voters are done with GOP'ers and their pocket-lining ways.
Yeah, no.  @SenCasey listens to and MEETS WITH his constituents.  Trump forces are better off trying to keep @POTUS and Co. out of jail.
They're going to try and sneak it through. Speak up
Thank you, Senator. 92551
We spoke out against the ACA Act and you see what good that did for us ,
'You have to pass it to see whats in it'
@NancyPelosi
Don't you think that now we know there was evidence of collusion and all.. It's time to take solid action against the Trump administration
Tax churches use money to fund healthcare analyze the companies making big profit on healthcare and revamp the system
We should be aware of the way of the Sanhedrin aka the republicans
What is your solution to failing Obamacare? Tell me your ideas Senator Harris? I have heard crickets from the Democrats.
No excuse, CALL
Yes keep going
I just phoned my GOP senator today. Again. And again his staff refused 2 say how he will vote. This isn't reality TV; this is reality.
@NAACP W/482 days 2 Midterms, we need 2 focus on educating/organizing/energizing Voters2Vote. Ga&SC loss=low voter turnout!
.....And if speaking doesn't work, the ballot box is also a great persuader for the corporate paid politician.
Kill the bill before the bill kills you!
#impeachtrump  #kamala and run #2020 you got this!!! Thank you for being a great #badass

You're running for POTUS in 2020, right?


Senate/Governors be required to have the same healthcare as their medi... https://www.change.org/p/democratic-national-committee-senate-governors-be-required-to-have-the-same-healthcare-as-their-median-constituents?recruiter=722140898&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=share_petition … via @Change
Why dont you help fix the problem#demsstillosing
Fox news watcher? REPUBLICANS have been shutting out democrats completely.That's why Sen Collins (R) has called for bipatisan effort now.
2018 we need to replace all the Republicans go Democrat all the way for 2018
Thank you @SenKamalaHarris for all your hard work
They have an unhealthy obsession with repeal and replace. It's time to Nix the bill and Fix the ACA. Let them know! Call, write, visit!
Would love to see you and Elizabeth Warren team up for 2020! Please!
Will do.  Thank you.
#RepealandReplace! Ocare is a disaster! Illegals are getting free care- seeing MDs daily. Citizens can't be seen- no room on schedules!! 
@POTUS @IvankaTrump HERES WHATS HAPPENING IN REAL NEWS! The voices r speaking up! @SenKamalaHarris when an entire crowd thinks TRUMPS THERE
They wear us down.
Thank you for leading against the GOP "healthcare bill". We must keep calling our care and lives are on the line.
You are fearless...tell us who we can call a d what we can do. As CA voters, who do we call?
PLEASE run for president in 2020!!!!!!!!!!
If ur a family of 4 fairly healthy ppl, and u have "health insurance" with an $8000 deductible, do u really have health insurance??  NO!
.
Now to get #45 impeached for collusion
Sure http://dailycaller.com/2017/07/10/number-of-uninsured-americans-rises-to-11-7-percent/ … Obummercare is just waiting.
And leave us with what???? So you can say you resisted and won? Great job!
No more wars and there will plenty of money for healthcare.
Pls tell us what else we need to fight for right now and how. There's so much - not only health care (which is hugely important i know).
I have 3 letters on my computer, 1 is calm, rational appeal, 1 begs them to do the right thing, last one is nasty. Sent nasty one today.

Acknowledged: Sen. Kampala Harris, Back from post office, also few grocery items : @CSPAN 2 U.S. Senate in session. NOW!
Just tell them in their face and take control to repeal bad actions

again, if you don't suffer under California care/ medical you have no right to discourage others from seeking a better way
That's the Republican Insurance Plan aka RIP.
Republican friends, please help us repeal this legislation which hurts us all.
What part of fix the ACA - with both parties contributing - dont repeal dont they the GOP understand!!
I agree.  Let's let Obamacare collapse and further destroy what was once the greatest health care system in history.  #maga
Please
My head is spinning Senator! I cannot believe what is happening in the US. Thank you for speaking out for us. #resistance
Trust me, you have done nothing. The issue is there are many liberal republicans (who have your views) who won't pass a true repeal.
don't turn away from voices that speak up against genital mutilation of children then when they are directed to you
Thank you Kamala!
thank you for ALL YOUR hard work....we appreciate you so much!! it is a difficult battle when crazy has control of the whole house
There is no health care it is a front for dark money and tax breaks for the rich
.@SenateGOP #KeepAndImproveObamacare
WE'LL keep speaking.
#RepealObamaCare!
If it’s worked that much, I’m sure our voices would do some work in promoting bipartisan single payer legislation! Lets get to work!
Thanks for reminder .  Fired off another letter to Senator Blunt. Not holding my breath on being able to depend on him.
Cruz's plan works. Support it! It gives the power to the people to make their own choices while lowering premiums. Isn't that what we want?
Fix & Repair #ACA 
IF No Health Insurance provider in a county?
ALLOW residents 2 euroll in Medicare
Thank you for your leadership! We #RiseUp4HealthCare with you. Like this woman who works with homeless adults & their kids.
I truly, honestly, truly commend All parties taking a stance against this atrocity! Thank you all for protecting America!
Going 2 call @SenToomey every day!!
Sen toomey today on morning joe "Medicaid is an entitlement"  My reply: so is your government provided healthcare asshole!
unfortunately Senators Strange and Shelby don't care what I think but I haven't stopped letting them know
Please hold the floor and withhold consent to keep a spotlight on this bill despite the #TrumpRussia news. 22 million are counting on you!
#Trumpcare is #NoCare @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @WhiteHouse @FoxNews @foxandfriends
Too bad the votes against Obamacare have not been working.  Obamacare still failing.
People need to understand the implications of cutting off funds to the truly disabled.
TY! U mean the GOP "wealthcare" plan (ACHA), eh?
Plz share
#ADAPTandRESIST where ppl w #disability allegedly removed fr WC
shameful @AP @NBC
I'll give credit where credit is due. Thank you for not calling it Trumpcare, since it isn't his bill.  What we say matters.
RETAIN and IMPROVE Affordable Care Act because our lives depend on it!
We will never stop resisting! 

#TheResistance
The rest of us will never stop #persisting #maga #FullRepeal
No it hasn't, conservatives won't support it because it needs to repeal Obamacare!
CALL WRITE TWEET EMAIL STAND UP AND DO THE RIGHT THING!
Let's help push changes to the ACA as well though. Opposition won't be enough. Just ask the Repubs who claimed to have a plan for 7 years.
Please continue to call your GOP Senator. I called mine today and will call everyday. 202 224-3121
Every. Single. Day. Also call your Dem Senators and give them your encouragement and support.  Happy calls are good calls too!
