Go get him Senator
These demtards are so dramatic, just like you fake news'tards...
The argument is clear to make against this plan.If anyone(not filthy rich)feels they will not be impacted,hold onto your wallet,it's coming!
We are watching you! Do the right thing
Tax plan kills Veteran benefits! 225,000 senior Disabled Vets to loose Individual Unemployability. POTUS + Shulkin sneaking this in, fight!!
And gives tax breaks to the top 1 per cent
Cruel and inhumane is taking money from hard working people and giving it to the non working as an entitlement
Albeit the tax plan is not impacting him & his buddies at all...especially considering he doesn't file at all!
Is the plan out? Its like saying to my kid  'eat your peas'   'but I don't like them'  'have u tried them?'   'No'    'well there you go'
Hussein told putin to cut it out!
Yes, it is cruel and inhumane to add to eight $20 trillion debt. Geeze
Thank you Senator Markey for fighting for America rights!!
Cruel & inhumane budget? But ur team thinks it's ok to spend our kids & grandkids $. Yep, load them up w/dept. Vote buying w/their $! Shame!
Yes, come out in full force.
How terrible to give tax breaks to middle class
Why is allowing people to keep more of their own money inhuman to Democrats?
The cruel and inhuman part ?? The 20T you dems left us with.
Well there's a new tactic. I don't care if his tax plan was perfect, you'd still fight him on it!
Yup
Dishonest governance by Democrats, really don't have anything else to offer their constituent freeloaders than stealing from others.
You don't like MSN don't watch it
Idiot Dems oppose everything. Not a surprise. Especially when it helps the people. Dems afraid of Trumps agenda succeeding!
We already have had Reaganism which left bhind top 3% controlling 70% of th wealth. @POTUS is perpetuating tht. That's his agenda, 2keep it.
I think you mean Obama.
No I mean Trump's criticism of Britain.
Ya cause it benefits high class people not the other low class people that's not American
Obstructionists
Those plans must help the middle class since they are fighting them
Sadly, not just Trump.....Republican Party
We pay taxes when we earn money & buy things, which is fine. But to pay taxes when we save, invest, or bequeath it, hurts middle class most!
VOTE THESE DEMS OUT!  WE DON'T NEED THEM IN OFFICE!!
Wasted opportunity... nothing but hate from libs... meanwhile, the Republicans creating jobs, repelling terrorists and illegals, etc.
Brain washed
Of course the Democrats will fight it because it would help the every day working family
Get a damn haircut.
He has no tax plan until we see his.
Republicans fought for 8yrs!!
Get a grip
Everyone should remember this at the polls, and then say to yourself, 'I think it's time for a change!' Vote them out!!
What's cruel and inhumane is the debt you are willing to pile on future generations so you can keep up the give aways & get elected again
And wasting money on illegals is not cruel and inhuman to the American tax payer??? These ppl are unbelievable
They must fear monger for votes. It's their tradition.
Hhhhhhhhhhhh dems are funny
You are absolutely correct, Sir.
Yes we need more debt that will kill our children, where is the whining for fiscal responsibility. This will hurt our young.
The only cruel and inhumane thing I see is democrats controlling people through handouts, entitlements and mandates.
Yes putting the tax payers first is incredibly cruel and inhumane.
Market worth more than a couple of million and touts himself as savior of the downtrodden - how novel
In other words, they'll fight to get more money to redistribute
Obstruction is not governing. Either is scare tactics. DEMS do not fight for USA they fight AGAINST us. DEMS ARE BAD FOR AMERICA
Boo hoo not getting the highest raises is far from inhumane.  Stop manipulating and lying.
The filthy rich have plenty. They don't need to line their pockets any more than they already are in the backs of the middle and working cls
By spending $$$ we don't have
With riots and burning cars?
Grandma and grandpa? More fear tactics. We're not buying it. America are sick of this.
And we will push for the trump tax reform.. your liberal rip off tax schemes are killing the middle class dope
Libtards fighting hard to make America suck again!
What is inhumane about it
Instead of fighting everything try compromising
And we the people will fight the dishonest democrats and get them voted out in the midterms
Ugh just stop.  We are tired of the same old stories.
Good job Markey- keep speaking out
how do these people sleep at night?
Idiot
Here we go again, lets scare the old and snowflakes who live with mommy. Lets just through more money at Obama. Why my tax money????
STOP LYING & OBSTRUCTING! Stop sucking the microphone. Do your job. You're another glaring example of why Trump won & a need for term limits
You Dems just obstruct when are you going to look out for AMERICA?
It's a lot better than the Democratic Party of pickpocketing workers fir the sake of freeloaders. Your party lost, go away
The dems need to get back to working 4 the people. Thier full time job became wasting my money fighting Trump. Voter will remember this bye
GOP senator need to get his stuff done. I don't care what they are afraid of , but they have every advantage. Just di it.
No, cruel and inhuman are the DEMS promising free stuff off the backs of hard working tax payers who barely keep above water themselves!
Dah!!
Dems should realize that 20 Trillion dollars of debt is "cruel" and "inhumane".  We simply cannot go on like we're going!!!!!
Taxes are always cruel I feel victimized on every paycheck
I know you better, because we are the majority and have at least graduated.
It's Trump's nature2B cruel&inhamane&it's Americans nature2Bkind&compassionate they'll win
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
you will be a big part of it! Government needs to stand up to this tyrant like sen Markey! ...Thank you Senator Markey!
Stupid tweet
Everyone of our Senators, congress men , and representatives, should know by now , this man is destroying our country, and to do nothing
Dems would fight President Trumps tax plan if it was the beat plan ever presented! Thats just what Dems do! Obstruct!!!!
*best
Fight if you must until mid-terms in 2018 thereafter your party will end. You heard absolutely nothing we said in November.
Getting money back to the people so to stimulate growth/business/jobs is cruel and inhumane in the minds of mindless #Resist at any means
There is no tax plan just cuts for the Rich
What about the small businesses who support the government
Mr cofefe try so hard to push about tax he never release his tax he do what ever he want to do we don't have a right any more what going on
Odd reading these responses supporting stealing from the poor to give to the rich.  They must be rich themselves or truly hate America. Sad.
GREED. When the people elected to serve the people think it's not the government job to serve the people as a whole. GREED
You don't neglect one part so you can over treat
Dems will fight anything Trump. Sad!
How is that?!  It just limits the amount of increases in the following years. But don't report the truth if it doesn't fit your agenda
Democrats are trash.
To MSNBC & friends, even the slightest reduction in Government spending of tax dollars is "inhumane". To hell with the middle class taxpayer
God bless all innocent people in Paris I told before and I'm gonna say again until mr cofefe in the WH our country worse or war pls congress
Whats 'cruel' and 'inhumane' is 20 trillion in debt...
We hired one new employee a month ago based solely on the anticipated tax reduction.  If that's what you mean by inhumane
YAWN.....
@SENMARKEY INHUMANE TO WHO the corrupt cash cow that is the entire DC machine Your Gravy train is coming to a screeching halt
Anyone who votes for it is voting for retirement.
getting nothing done is cruel and inhumane.
Good for you Derns. Trump doesn't care about the poor or the sick in our country.
Frm wht read Trump's tax plan same as G.W Bush  "Covert campaign 2 rig r tax system 2 benefit super rich.& cheat everybody else"  DCJohnston
@cnn @GOP @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump @TeamTrump Folks these ppl want to keep Ocare we cant use or afford and keep taxing us to death. 
Politicians in Washington should watch Netflixs'  "House of Cards".   Then apologize to Americans.  That is, if you have time.
Liberal rhetoric just makes me laugh. They are truly great Comedians.
Pure Evil is trumps tax plan but for the plutocrats it's a DREAM come true
@SenateDems Good job! Stay out in front of the camera keep up the focus on their hideous proposals, public support is behind you!
We paid all of our lives for our parents and ourselves, so that we would be able to keep a roof over our heads in old age. Just want fair.
To tell you the truth of them fighting tooth and nail they are not fighting hard enough I think they like the budget
Another useless fight!! Dems can't believe the nightmare called Trump.  #MAGA
Dems plan is Resist Persist Incest.
looks like he is going to cry....poor baby
#losers
Only thing Cruel and Inhuman in DC is the Democrat Party and the crap it feeds it's followers.
Hallelujah! Finally, someone speaking out for those of us who cannot speak up for ourselves! God bless you!  All we want is fair.
Whats cruel and inhumane was raising our taxes by the dems. To make tjemselve s rich
When are the democrats going to offer their versions of health care & tax reform?
That's real surprise!!
When will the losers realize that they are just that? Losers.
The only thing cruel and inhumane is senator Markey and the dems.
Think again we're not Dimms
But they will lose.
Thank you. The last thing we need is for the rich to get richer
That's for sure.
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe Lowering taxes is "cruel and inhumane?" Does that mean squandering people's money is kind and compassionate?
You obviously do not know what's in his tax plan
