And his speach about everyone paying there fair share in NATO sounds hollow when he won't do his fair share on the environment .. #sick
I know your just a child, but the US has lead the industrial workd in Co2 reduction in the last 60 years. Do homework - Not hyperbole
Starting a reply with offending someone is not childish? If we do have discuss my age, you're right - I do look younger than you
Ahh, poor baby. 
fool!
Tool
And you jump right on the child-train. You are so easily mislead 
I wouldn't schtup you with Bill Clinton's dick
While disappointing I think this creates an opportunity for forward looking states with large economies to play a major role.
Really? Like bankrupt California with it choking regulations that entices businesses to flee?
Exactly.  They have some of the best technology companies that will benefit from investment in alt technologies.  Better CA than China
Year, I see who you Twitter follow. You're a socialist #MSNBCile. Enjoy the next 7 years.
.CA has the 8th Worlds Largest GDP. I don't think you're in touch w/facts or reality. Think of tax $$ US receives from CA. 
Assuming you are responding to the other person not me. I agree that CA can have a huge impact and has demonstrated they can
Yes, not u. I believe u understand. 
My OP is about the US taxpayer  funding socialist European NWO thru the carbon tax scheme. I'm sure you understand.
What's moral about American taxpayers footing the lions share of carbon tax scam only to fund Euro-Socialist NWO programs. @Lrihendry @slone
TRUMP Screws Planet Earth
It sure looks that way... He's gotta go.
I wouldn't schtup you with Bill Clinton's dick
Will you speak on what we can do about that at our Bridgin Gaps festival in Salem on August 5th or 6th?
u don't have a clue whats in that and I can guarantee that why?

Because:

"Jimmy the Leak" told me~~~~~
Yes, I agree, thanks.
A great decision to not waste our tax $$ on Global Warming which is a SCAM. Great Job President Trump even with the DEM OBSTRUCTIONIST
Thank you for fighting so hard for our healthcare and us in general.
You'll b lookin real bad on You Tube with that angle~
You are extremely wrong on every point.
No it's not. It gives unfettered supply chain for rare earth mining to China. Shame on you for not addressing that issue.
tell that to China and India and a new HACK in the SWAMP~

"Jimmy the Leak"~

i dare u to make a comment that those memos belong to Comey!
You forgot the amount of money the crooks at the UN will not get to line their pockets with. #UnitedNations
Another inane comment from the anti Trump obstructionists
Massive Mistake!
We are screwed on every level as long as he is in the White House.
We Have to "March For Truth" Like We have Never Marched before Show Him the biggest crowds he has ever seen! Ever!
Truth is, Obama got us into this illegally, didn't go through Congress  to approve US spendingthis $, will you say this at the March?
U PISSA!

THERE WILL COME A DAY WHEN U WILL MEET YOUR MAKER AND ON THAT DAY YOU WILL HAVE JUSTIFY WHO THE HELL YOU ARE!

YOUR MAKER WILL~ GL
It was a terrible deal for USA. Obama was wrong. One can be an environmentalist & also have enough sense to be against #ParisAgreement.
People like you weaken America, lower our standard of living and out America last!
#ADMITITTOYOURSELF @POTUS accomplished more in 6MO. than #EVER   #RESPECTTHEPRESIDENT#WITHYOURTHINKINGUSAJOBSnOURMONEYWOULDbeLOSTSENMARKEYMA
Your want keep perpetuating this massive climate hoax, just go right ahead senator!  Inform yourself regarding benefits of CO2.
You're becoming an incessant winner like Warren. Maybe you should actually read what's in that agreement
Ah, that would be too hard for Sen Blowhard.
Staying in it would have been a massive moral, economic and leadership failure.
Where's the reliable honest evidence? what's immoral about it?
If America pulls out of #ParisAgreement then the best way to fight climate change is to not buy American manufactured goods.
Mr. Frosty. If the temperatures get warmer, maybe you will sell more ice cream!
  $Trillions of tax payer flying out of America to other Countries without one dime AUDIT,
REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH fr US to 3rd World
Thank you for trying to influence a better decision on #ParisAgreeement
Change the laws, get money out of politics. It is the basis for most bad decisions! See who took $ to vote/support leaving Paris Accord!
I disagree, clean drinking water is the biggest issue. The us will still reduce emissions, Mass Dems are to far right, thats why u lost
You sound upset you're not going to get your payoff
You sound really greedy. You want our money. He is fulfilling a campaign promise. Cry me a river buddy. Democrats are out of touch.
Hey Ed, get a grip.  Your comments on the Paris Accord were just short of hysterical.  Are you past realizing that?
how we will lose"millions" of jobs.... Actually we are saving  jobs in our energy programs and in the 3 bill we pay to accord
We just handed all those new energy jobs to China. So much winning!
Listening to @EdMarkey makes me embarrassed to be MA resident .
Ed Markey stop with all the scare tactics and lies. It's sickening 2 know you hate President Trump more the you want to help Americans!!
This is an opportunity for all the people in USA to show up their dissatisfaction with this and join citizen initiatives. #worldcleanup
Suggests you are blowing statements from sources who have no basis. Dare you to show facts with truthful sources. Not east coast lies
What a lie! Read the facts.
Obama couldn't get it ratified by the senate so he just signed it.That pesky constitution, always getting in the way of Obamas vision.
actually you as a Senator who does absolutely nothing now that's a failure you CLOWN!
Big Papi
Please explain or link how it is an economic failure? What businesses and jobs will be lost and in what sectors?
... brought to you by the letters 

"B" for BlackLungDeath 

and 

"K" for KentuckyCancerAndBribery

and

"M" for "MafiaLeechTrump
Yes, clean energy will move on worldwide and if we fail to encourage by several means our companies here, we all lose
Do you understand economics? This won't cost jobs it will save them. Wake up.
Most voters disagree. Why is China allow to do what they want to and the US loses jobs because of it.
@PeteHegseth the Sen forgot to include the written statement from his climate experts
Dr Venkman, Dr Stantz, Dr Spengler & Mr Zeddemore...
Sen. Ed Markey: 40 Years of Voting ‘Present’
“To a battle of wits he comes unarmed.”
Obama "unilaterally" entered into a treaty which was NOT approved by Congress...try to use your brain skills #haironfire
High utility bills increasing by more than 15% just to clean the atmosphere .005%.  Other countries aren't even up to US today standards.
Yeah it is a moral problem for US  taxpayers
Just another day of making America great again.
.
And exactly how does it cost jobs in this country. Screw into standing, we have been supporting those scumbags way to long.
 it's wealth redistribution globally. Not just no, but HELL NO. Let China kick in first.
All he cares about is doing what Koch Bros (and their Dark Money secret group) dictates. Feel certain they'll give him "back channel" "comm"
Massive moral, economic & leadership failure - Par for the Trump Course
Yes, but he's a moron who doesn't listen to people.
Markey is correct. If only someone running in 2016 had thought about issues facing America, including Climate:
Logic is not a selling point anymore: Here's 1.9 million jobs in renewable energy vs 160k in coal. Do the math
No it's actually great for America but not so great for all those leeching nations who would have profited at taxpayers expense.
Saying "YES" to the #ParisAgreement woukd be a massive moral, economic & leadership failure for the U.S. We say NO to wealth redistribution!
More to the point, it is all of those things and more to the USA. He's going to MAGA even if he has to kill us all to do it. #T-rumpLies
Heard U on @NewDay  you said it perfectly. TRUMP is wking against us & world by pulling out of Paris Agreement.
YES sir! To think all the jobs that can be had that Obama tried to do but R Congress wanted none of it. Ok R's coal = BAD. New energy=GREAT
Oh nonsense. So many commenters with so little actual knowledge.
He knows this, but Obama negotiated for this treaty and trump's driving ambition is to undue everything Obama did, good or bad.Its revenge!
What is it about Donald Trump that wants the Dark Ages for the United States?  There is a future to gain but Donald thinks only of himself.
The #Paris Agreement gives other countries unprecedented control over U.S., does next to nothing for the environment & has unbelievable cost
#resist
i prefer to get off the titanic.
He's making Russia Great again.
SCIENCE FACT - Paris agreement will have no affect on level of CO2 or the climate. Lying about it is immoral.
But potentially a big win for the climate change agenda. Sharp focus and renewed determination from remaining nations with a brain.
And damning future generations. I'd call that more of a bullet point.
It's all about Trump, Dumpy and Trumpies and that's what's important to him, the rest of us can go to hell in a handbasket. Me, me, me, me!!
Official DataLab USA™ Website Targeting Better Marketing Results Russia  IP 176.116.8.124 Data Labs got an email run the IP  get surprised
You don't get it, it's not up to him! He has to do what his boss says! And that bass is not .  GET HIM OUT NOW!! @AdamSchiffCA  @POTUS
Pardon my French, but he doesn't give a fuck about any of us.
Loss of TRILLIONS of dollars in US economy. US just totally misses out.
THIS IS THE WE'RE TALKING ABOUT!
Explain to your grandchildren that you did 
NOTHING because of GREED,RETALIATION
POWER and STUPIDITY!!!
This is horrible. I don't know what to tell my kids other than "yeah it sucks".
... just what Putin ordered  ... just a Good Puppet  ...
So we don't get the electric car, more wind turbines, solar panels. So, we keep, gas, oil, coal usage, which is old-fashioned /not efficient
But it enriches the oil barons, which is all he and what passes for Republicans tiday care about. To them, the rich come first... Always.
Interesting, no mention of climate change, green house gasses, environmental concerns... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯?
All according to Bannon's plan.
Yeah, that's pretty much the strategy. Trump is Putin's Trojan Horse.
I listened to you on msnbc, thank you for being one of the good guys, Washington needs you and do do we.
Well stated on @chrislhayes 
Thank you for pointing out the obvious
Heard you on MSNBC. Thanks, nicely done.
Come on Ed! Be bold! Make clear concise, emphatic statements! Hammer this! Giving away a huge new technology future. We'll be WAY behind
He HAD intl standing? I think he is the equivalent of the mold in the corner; we all know he's there but we don't want to think about it.
because marching has got you people so far the only thing that happens when you people March is innocent people get attacked #fuckglobalism
If @SenMarkey wants to stay in then it has to be bad for taxpayers and good for third world dictators.
The reverse in fact.
I know very little about government & politics, but isn't this enough to fire/ impeach him? His decisions R against what we Americans want!!
Cmon Sir,Not U 2? This shit is an amateur attempt2 distract! Fuck that agreement! Impeach, charge, indict,or COMMIT this fowl MOFU! Fuck him
Trump is a failure!!
Thanks Ed.  Not sure what we would have done without this tweet.  The world might have burned up
If only Trump's mother had pulled out.
We are not abandoning clean air and clean water, but with China, India, and Russia paying nothing why should we foot the whole bill
and yet still not the worst thing he's ever done
DUH .... Cheeto was never know for forming any brain cells.
Senator--he's only 1 person. Please work with your colleagues to stop this stupidity.
I disagree with you.
So, what fo you expect from him?
Agree. #TreasonousTrump now wants to ruin the planet?
If you have led your state to put that much stock in foreign happenings as a viability, then its up to them to determine what to do with you
I agree but unfortunatly on @jaketapper CNN today @mkhammer (moron) does not agree? She Comments about how bad the deal is. Idiot
What does it take to finally get everyone to agree we have had enough? Impeach now!
Russia didn't put him there to improve America. His job is to destroy it, then leave.
#acappella 'IN DREAMS' from #LOTR @PeterHollens
https://youtu.be/gyY3Op47Uto 
Our planet is delicate, as the lyrics say: "we come to end of days"
And a disaster for the world climate and the future of generations to come, Mr Markey, sir!
@fawfulfan At least the man is consistent.
Even if 1 doesn't believe in climate change, why not endeavor to make the air/water cleaner? Not mutually exclusive. Grandchildren's future?
45* said he would create 100 thousand jobs a month. More like losing that many. He's a complete failure.
No kidding. Also known as completely screwed from POTUS. Sorry I can't say his title with his name. Can't do it
How so?
Many jobs will be lost.  Trump only knows how to buy and sell hotels.  He has know idea how the economy will be ruined by his moves.
He can't do it. There MUST BE SOMETHING CONGRESS CAN DO. SUE HIM. 
Senator, please respond.
It's all about the $$$$ and to piss off our allies
Well if Obama was for it.....then he's against cuz obama was for it
It's also horribly short-sighted and cowardly.
His dad should've pulled out
Look at France and Germany with useless wind &solar farms ! Us should be so stupid?!  China &India biggest polluters, NOT .
In other words Ed par for the course so far.
Why won't you put AMERICA first. When did you turn into a globalist?
But they are lying..they know is real...they want arctic ice to melt to make oil extraction easier...another con job at our expense
US is only country where anyone denies climate change
Doesn't Congress have a say?
Do you think we the people are really that stupid
Trump continues to show lack of leadership in world affairs.  Other countries are taking the lead, Trump's actions will hurt America's GDP.
And this is just another example of how Trump is not strategic in any way.  SAD
Low T Tiny Hands t intense jealousy of President O rules t as does his boss Putin.

My favorite from NYT
“From a foreign policy perspective, it’s a colossal mistake — an abdication of American leadership ”  R. Nicholas Burns
Come on Ed! #AmericaFirst !

https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/869556716890972164 …
Huge money and job saver for the USA. Job loss only for Europe!
Just what do you know about Morals, Leadership and Business you Liberal Failure.
How so?  Care to expand on your baseless drivel, or are you just repeating to your drones what you saw on CNN... ? #TermLimits
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care about his grandkids, Barrons or any child's future either.
Watch the hedge funds and EY pension funds punish US companies
No dear.  It means you climate hoax now lost chance to steal from America tax payer. All you guys need be jailed for faking climate change
EXXONMOBIL EXXONMOBIL EXXONMOBIL EXXONMOBIL EXXONMOBIL EXXONMOBIL EXXONMOBIL...PERIOD 
Withdrawing from the ParisAgreement is a wise decision. We can protect our planet without killing jobs as well.
Let me guess- you're a democRat?!
Not that any sane person would expect @realDonaldTrump to have moral leadership after his p***y grabbing and multiple marital infidelities
The states have rights to enforce environmental standards and they will eventually have to
He the President of The United States Of America. Not The POTEU or The PONATO. Let them lead themselves. They're adults right. Let 'em swim.
Trump is a monster and a horror.
They spelled your name wrong ... #Marlarky. Only climate change will be when #God does it in #Revelation 8:7-12. #GodIsStillInControl @POTUS
Oh you poor Senator! Here, I started a charity to help pad your bank account during this loss, it's called #yoursalaryisnext. #getarealjob
SHOW ME THE MONEY
Typical Masshole.
The end of US global leadership and a terrible legacy to our children and the planet.
https://www.gofundme.com/paris-agreement-fund … #parisagreement
SCIENCE! DON'T BE a DENIER!
Let me sum up: STOOOOOOOOOOOOPID
Senator,
Share with us what you have personally done to cut your carbon footprint?  Do you live in a big home? Fly private jet? 9mpg car?
@SenateDems - AMERICANS DONT WANT ANOTHER HANDOUT TO OTHER COUNTRIES !
Only chance for Paris Agreement is for Obama to state he thinks we should pull out. Trump ALWAYS does the opposite of what Obama does.
It's so obvious he's rebranding us. We're no longer some steak, we're trump steaks meant to be sold in sharper images
Yet another way for Donald to alienate USA from other countries
Ok, Mr Frosty.  
Interesting that Donald can make this decision without consulting #WeThePeople
Hey Ed make America great again elections have consequences. As said by BO.
