This is the essence of what happened yesterday!  Not so much about Coney himself.
Remember when firing Yates was the Saturday night massacre? Give it a rest.
BS FAKE jake!!!
Yeah, I think we passed constitutional crisis 4 months ago and now we're in the straight to hell phase.
Sooner or later Dems and MSM will realize these lies to delegitimize the President have failed and have to find a way to win back moderates
Comey serves at the pleasure of the President. Please stop hyperventilating
Jeff sessions needs to be called before Congress to explain how he can oversee the Russian investigation since he's apart of it.
He is not overseeing.  Can't you read
@3ChicsPolitico @SenMarkey Apparently, Comey was far too focused on those frivolous "emails" @HillaryClinton to REALLY nvestig8
Constitutional crisis? What a (typical) overreaction.
I love how the Democrat playbook on everything is to set their hair on fire, run around and slam face first into glass walls. Unhinged.
What is the constitutional issue here Sen.?
Towards??? We are there & have been. These dems better step up their resistance and Repubs better join or else America as we know it is done
Girl, we're not careening towards one, we've face-planted into it and are now rolling around in it while screaming.
Is this the same senator that just quoted Louise mensch hahahaha
Oh please jake... don't be such a stooge.
I remember when Dems were calling for his resignation.  Now it's a constitutional crisis.  Overeach much 
You're careening from the fake news you're spewing Jake.   Fake Trump-Russia connection used to pretend firing of Comey as corruption
How can you really say this publically? Do you realize how ignorant you seem? Comey is as incompetent as Hillary c.
jake, please have this goofball (markey) back on your show tonight
A Markey aide says that the Senator was referring to reports on Louise Mensch's blog and Palmer Report (seriously) https://twitter.com/fordm/status/862397691950751744 …
Can't believe you forwarded that ridiculous tweet.  Just stop 
He might read Dep. Atty. Gen. letter that he sent Trump re Clinton/Comey case. It was scathing and good reason to fire immediately.
PERHAPS Rosenstein signed the Comey letter to protect the integrity of the Trump/Russia: keeping it away from Trump’s purview.
Hysteria on the left is exhausting
Thank you. No apologies. No false equivalecies. Nobody's happy with Comey but nobody advocated his firing right NOW.   #crazy #MorningJoe
Good grief.
So everyone...when's the "Comey March"? #russiatrump #COMEY #russiagate
Makes one wonder if you have read the Constitution
Bill Clinton did it 
We've been in constitutional crisis since candidate Trump declared he'd accept election result if he won. This showdown was always coming.
And yet it was Hilary who contested the results and still does not accept
"The FBI director serves at the pleasure of the president."  Therefore, there is NO Constitutional Crisis.
Only in your dreams
Mr Frosty (Markey) speaks. You still have your ice cream truck, Senator?
And what, sir, shall you DO about it? The American public awaits your response. THIS is the moment to show courage.
Disgraceful
Careening? We're in it
Does the Congress need to approve the firing? Rest of the world is watching with concern
Careening? We've been there, dude. We've been there a long time.

The only "crisis" I see is Tapper's status as chief #DNC propagandist. #Shame on @cnn
Yes.  Hold on.  Keep reporting.  We need you.  "All the Presidents Men".
If we are careening toward a crisis, it's Comey's fault because the firing was inevitable and overdue...
Maybe the Senator should try reading the Constitution. He obviously is unfamiliar with its contents.
Jesus Jake get a grip. Your dealing with the whole country, not just the 41 counties that voted for Hillary, and where 90% of you piers live

Lmao
careening? We are there friends. Now DO SOMETHING!!!
Time to shut down fake news media companies in America that will be a big accomplishment for this god sent admistration to save Americans.
It's amazing how much of it is still acceptable to the GOP majority! They all will go down in one way or another, if they don't stop this!
if i mean when this russia thing comes out to be false/nothing AND you guys dont bring ALL of the dems to task for it you might as well quit
It's not a "Constitution Crisis" It's a #FakeNews meltdown!
Isn't he from the state where senators can actually kill people and still get re-elected?
#fakenews You folks were howling for him to be fired for months.
you have reached your destination
Just a few months ago, the Constitution was an old rag written by rich white slave owning men. Now Dems care about it.
#trump lackey
Everyone and their grandmother clamoring for Comey to get canned and he finally does and Democrats fake outrage.  AGAIN.
The constitutional crises began with Comey sidetracking Hillary's investigation.

#Comey promoted #AndrewMcCabe to the #2 #FBI position despite his conflict of interest during his wife's campaign against me. #Corrupt 
The biggest tyrant ever "Abuse of power" Defending the indefensible shame on you #kellyanneconway @KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump @CNN
All Dems called for his head. Now he's their martyr. Lol.
Hyperventilation
Really?  Was it back in '93
Hyperbole to the nth degree.
Careening towards? We are over the cliff with only wind beneath our feet falling to our doom. Not to be over-dramatic.
it's more than careening
Absolutely no doubt Americans lost confidence in fbi. It's all on Comey. He had to go. #Fbicrisis.
IMPEACH
He's 100% right. The office of the Presidency is more important than the occupant, especially disgusting Trump.
That sounds stupid. Firing was long time coming, and honest dialogue would admit both sides have wanted it.
Jake, we're already there!
Bring that crisis on we ready and willing
jeezus. It's only been 109 days. Are these people circus people, or what?
not even close.
Just so long as it careens into a special prosecutor it's ok
This is crazy!  Independent investigation NOW!  Who will pursue this???
Terrifying
Hey, what was Nixon's approval rating post-resignation?  Asking for a friend.
100% on point! All Donald cares about is how much adoration he can get = malignant narcissistic personality disorder #Indict45andCo #treason

CNN finally confirmed Trump-Russia Grand Jury; Comey hinted at it last week; that's why Trump fired him. From 5/5: 
