If the liar nominated him, he is no good! Until investigation is complete, no one should be confirmed!
This is VERY true, and EXACTLY why we dont need another liberal, partisan like RBG on the Supreme Court.
yeah, no. It is a #StolenSeat. #eyeforaneye
he is the best pick-its u dems that r hostile 2 anything-u want 2 control who?what? well no more corruption-pushing americans ard
What a novel idea, a Judge who is independent and not beholding to ideology unlike the Judges currently sitting on the SC!
would like you to point to any of his decisions that support your accusation!
@SenateDems AND, it just might b possible that he was nominated by a CRIMINAL!!! No conf. hearing until RUSSIA/TRUMP resolved!
Like Obamas appointees are jerkoff
We also need senators who do what's best for the people. You sir are not that senator!
You are 'not that senator' markey. Get ready for the 'term limit' fly swatter democrap
There is no way in fucking hell you want a Supreme Court judge not "beholden to idealogy". What a crock. @MikePevoto
@infowars @SenMarkey & I guess you r the one! A total bias hack to P on our constitution!
Ed Malarky, Were Sotomayor and Kagan independent and not beholden to ideology. No! Gorsuch would be great SC judge 4 all America
He sounds like he will uphold the constitution!  That will make him
Perfect for the job!  You are finished!
You mean we need someone who will not uphold the #Constitution...
@GualtieriEdward When Leonard Leo's name comes out of someone's mouth it's over!
@amaadair But I'm a super predator, you didn't care to hold Hillary accountable why should I trust you now?
yes on gorsuchyes yes yes
Souns like you have already, single handedly, tried, judged and convicted Judge Gorsuch without a trial or complete hearing.
And what ideology is that, Senator?  He did a beautiful job at explaining that he has absolutely NO AGENDA. Why twitter such nonsense?
And now more than ever we need honorable persons in the Senate without anti-American ideology. You mr. markey are NOT ONE OF THEM
Shove it where the4 sun don't shine!!!!!!! You people are out of your frikken mind!!!
Spoken like a true liberal. He doesn't agree with you so he is bad. LOL.
you mean like the mfers your ideots put in there?
You are clearly NOT thinking straight.
Gorsuch is our man. Pretty soon they'll be bringing Ginsberg out on a two wheeler like Hannibal Lector. She's gone soon!
your arrogance is only exceeded by your ignorance
@StopNuclearWar He like trump and this admin,is jaded by corruption and lies. 
Garland's seat
are you filibustering?
That's what the activist judges in the circuits are for. SCOTUS rules based on Constitution and corrects or confirms lower ruling
stay with that thinking.
Amen to that!
Have you been paying attention to what @SenFeinstein has been saying?
Fortunately you folks that give other people's stuff away to those that didn't earn it aren't in control. #thankgod
Yeah. Who needs a Judge that follows the constitution. Epic Fail.
Like those liberal clowns are you voted for are?
Filibuster!!!!!! We are counting on you Sen. Markey to oppose #Gorsuch at all costs.
When was the last time we had such an AG? Reno? Did Reno ever meet Bubba on the Tarmac? @ProudKYDemocrat
An Illegitimate president, along with his illegitimate party, needs a Supreme Court that upholds the sanctity of legalized bribery.
how!! you cannot just make blanket statements with no evidence. Where is your evidence?? Convince us all you are right if you can
@DerekCressman Filibuster Gorsuch! #INDIVISIBLE
@SenateDems like Obama's college buddy in Hawaii? The 1 that met with obama 48 hrs b4 he blocked Trumps travel ban. Like him?
@SenateDems Disagree. Gee, that was a quick decision, Sen. Markey.
@SenateDems SCOTUS's should be voted in by American citizens,not by the controlling Party! We should determine who interprets law
@SenateDems Good luck with that. This recent campaign season proved most Americans are just drones drinking different Kool-aid
no one listens to u Mr Markey from Mass. really?
see hiding within public places. Taunts not advertising. Spain  migrant cashier female last visit. Shoot yes u do©™
How about we just get one that upholds the constitution as written instead of their gerrymandered interpretation for party favor?
You could do a whole lot worse.
@SenateDems you have got to be kidding me!I can't believe you R that ignorant to your Hypocrisy!You really 2 not helpng yourself
@SenateDems BS!
@SenateDems - he has been given the @ABAesq highest rating.
@TheDemocrats are ridiculous.
Why is this even a topic of discussion? The seat is stolen and the illegitimate president is an foreign agent.
Get over yourself.
As if you are not all about ideology.  That's your stock in trade #MrFrosty @HowieCarrShow
@SenateDems An illegitimate President should not be allowed to appoint Judges. Especially if compromised!
Thats because you and most DemocRats are enemies of the Constitution.
We need Gorsuch to stop you and your ilk.
Precisely when you escape ideology, you are most succeptible to it.
LOL watching you guys and the @gop spout your bullshit is just ridiculous. your two parties are the actual problem
Says a leftist himself. No you like to rule by courts because people reject your ideology because its radical
Absolutely, Senator. The hearings should be stopped now that we know the FBI is investigating Russia/Trump.
But you wanted hearing on Obama nominee during FBI investigation and discovery of Clinton??
thank you for fighting for freedom sir.
And we need a congress who works FOR ALL THE PEOPLE and not just a certain party.  You are not that congress.
What we need is someone who actually upholds the Constitution not some liberal who makes up bogus laws unrelated to Constitutional law.
Please explain to America why he was almost unanimously appointed to the Judge position he now holds.
Beg to differ. Dems have lauded him for other appointments. Disingenuous to criticize now.
unless they match yours, right!!'
WE THE PEOPLE will see to his confirmation.
shouldn't this be held off?  With Russia investigation going on?
Spoken like a true ideologue.
Indeed!
Tx. Also don't like Gorsuch's ties to Multi-Multi-Billionaire Anschutz. G got A $368 million taking from teachers retirement.
Vote no! on #Gorsuch 
.@SenMarkey Thank you, Senator.
