
That is what idiotic MAGAtrons want. A reset of their failed lives. Cheeto will say anything, feeds their hate while he steals everything.
Ok so can anything b  will anything b done  the lies and facts r in our faces what is the IMPEACHMENT HOLD UP all of this is disgusting
What facts. Nothing has been found after months of investigation. Let' finish this game.
I guess u haven't been paying attention. Comey was on his way to completion. Do you think he was going to just give bits and pieces. LOL
The investigation will go on.In the FBI, teams do investigations, not the head of the FBI. After 10 months still 0 evidence.
None that u know of. 3 Subpoenas went just went out, including Flynn. The head oversees this espionage investigation, lots of evidence. Lots
You are protecting a Russian Business Man, not a patriot. You have been had. Sad.
There is no hope for you.
We need a special prosecutor. The FBI is afraid of losing their jobs if they press the Russian investigation.
Another birther. That's what you people are like. Crazy.
The facts that don't exist.
Yes. Trumps interview tonight proves it. Trump is trying to turn the tables on Comey
Yup, right AFTER I've resolved that OTHER quagmire: DOES a bear -  really & FOR SURE - shit in the woods?

Get off camera & go DO something.

Wow Newsweek - they hate Trump.
However they aren't as dumb as some-keep writing #fakenews. Yes hate that term but hate fact it exists more
Unfortunately it's based on reality. I agree it's terrible its come to this......
Case in point:

I like his take on that whole issue....
Hilarious - I didn't watch @cnn night election because of this but yeah @jaketapper collusion Hillary. Known was involved Clinton Foundation
What FACTS...
We should be invstigating your Socialist ties to Cuba and Venezuela!
I don't generally call people names but you're an idiot. Also, this is a Republic not a democracy. Amazing how so many idiots are senators
"Comey" wasn't doing current investigation anymore than he did HRC email inv. The rank & file of FBI doing work & can continue w/out him.
also, will it be stalled till they appoint someone else? And can the new person cancel it all together? Or redirect it to cover leaks?
Tapper is the dumbest man on planet earth  
Very close to reiterating FBI got nothing on trump Russia but plenty on Russia dnc u d-bags
Entire GOP is panicked. Russians dark $financing permeates every level. They didn't even realize they were being compromised until too late.
LOL. Dems are only ones panicking. Now their love affair drama with the fairytale #TrumpRussia is going to finally, properly come to an end.
Will you hope this Senator goes to jail too for speaking of the subpenas publically?  
Or just @true facts stated and @louisemensch
Of course Comey was fired to stop the investigation Russians in the oval  office today no us press allowed #coup
Americans are so sick of this petty Pardison baloney it's amazing that only the DC elites and the fake news media are upset by the firing
#ReasonTREASON #IMPEACH #WannabDickTraitor #CompromisedPresidency #IMPEACH #Hyprocrasy #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP
Quit trying to grandstand Ed and get to work.
Markey is making shit up as he goes. What an ahole
bs
Too close to the facts? Can you name ONE fact? This is left wings birther movement.
Yes
Great interview!  We understand more. Thank you!
Typical Fake News robot!
YOU'RE ON A WITCH HUNT. GO BURN SOME BOOKS
if you fire the director do the FBI close all the cases? No, of course not.
HYPOCRITE Dems disliked Comey, blamed him for Hillary loss whanted him gone months ago. Now U act like he was your BFF. SUCK UP BUTTERCUP!
Of course they were #bigly
Yes!!! He definitely was getting 2 close! Meanwhile, there r Russian operatives in the WH today and they r not letting in the press! 
Markey buck up, you sound like the Borg. We need strength and #DemForce
Rogue FBI Director gets the boot. They should have done it on day 1.
Is completely possible than FBI had live knowledge of @POTUS coming action and to make the legal case Comey issued subpoena? Possible? Yes!
If anything, I hope this spurs the @FBI to work harder and get to the truth faster
The FBI seems to have missed an opportunity to strengthen their hand before the hearing, leading to this crisis.

#BuyTrumpOff What would it take for Trump to resign? $20 Million in cash, untaxed? Solid gold Rolls Royce?

Just wondering. #TheResistance 
We need to stop this & move forward in the most time-saving method to remove Trump from the white house.
Thank you, Senator!
Funny Schumer and Pelosi called for him to step down before and now the fake outrage begins.
Sen Ed is lying you can hear it in his voice to many umm's
PASS IT ON if ur a member LEAVE THE REPUBLICANS SUCK!! FB PAGE It has been taken by fake news, RW trolls. http://americannewsx.com/politics/major-facebook-group-taken-fake-news-trolls/ …
This is an old Mafia trick Senator. Eliminate anyone who can incriminate you.
You would think the dem idiots would be in favor of the firing.  I mean, after all, Comey cost Clinton the election right?
Perhaps but Democrats (Holder, Lynch, immunity deals, etc.) made sure NOBODY got any ehere near close enough for all the Clinton corruption.
There's no factual evidence to any of the #TrumpRussia conspiracies.
Almost EVERYONE wanted #ComeyFired but Dems are now shedding tears 
errrr is there such a thing as non-factual evidence? Oh yeah, sorry this is from Trump-land. Got it!
Thank you Senator Markey. Will some who call themselves American patriots stand with Trump or our country when the truth is exposed?
One can def make that assumption. Manner&timing of Comey firing meant 2humiliate. Waiting 4related news 2break out & investigations 2 cont.
Kompromat. Rumor is the Russians have 16mm film of Mitch McConnell sucking off a German Shepherd while wearing a Chewbacca costume in 1992.
I fully support your pursuit of the appointment of a Special Prosecutor and staff to investigate the Russia issue!! I'm from Melrose.
Too close to finding out that cronies have raped The USA since POTUS Wilson, corruption at all time high during POTUS44, Sherlock! #MAGA
#comey did this to himself. When he testified last week he got caught. Stop the games. 
Sen Markey do your job. Not bad Tapper.
Liberal talking point...Trump is Hitler...ugh,it never ends! Everyone fired was legal &warranted.Obama should have fired Comey in October!!!
Yes Jake because Trump fired the entire FBI and there is no one left to investigate, and Comey already testified and there is still nothing
Wow,you are crying now but not when B Clinton  fired FBI director in 1993.Sen Markey,did you know CNN and MSNBC are running the Dem party 
No, question we should be asking is why Obama didn't do it AGES ago like he should've, after that sham "investigation" of Hillary Clinton.
Couldn't be incompetence....naw 
America sat by and allowed a Russian pawn to be elected to the highest office. He meets in the Oval Office with a Russian spy. #MAGA
I think trump started feeling the heat when subject of shell corporations came into view. Dirty russian money-- lots & lots of dirty money.
So you are a Senator, the investigation is going for eight months and you still don't know the state of the investigation? What do you do?
Grow up Ed. Why can't you start thinking what's best for the country instead of for your own party! Democrats are the biggest hypocrites!!!
Seriously are you living in an alternate universe. The majority of the country agree with him, not the Trumprussian white house.
Thank you!  Trump is guilty, there is proof - please take him down!
Oh we took down the guilty - his name was Comey! Next on the list is HRC then BHO. We're on a roll!
Shut up
I'm a MA voter and I say: Keep the pressure on. Investigate Trump. This news is deeply troubling. Please fight for us.
Cmon you know Comey was all over the place with his testimony! He is a flip flop flim flam  artist!  There is no there there.
Of course that's what's going on, can we just stop with the gov take over of the Russians & remove the @realDonaldTrump Admin, all guilty.
The other question is, will the FBI and others defend the Constitution, or the Administration?
I wouldn't say close...more like getting desperate to find something bad.
Really? Pretty sure that ship sailed yesterday when Trump fired Comey. Got any other ideas?
William O Douglas noted making accusation a substitute for proof was Un-American.
I am so afraid for the state of democracy. The US has been taken over by Russian moles.
You're scared of "Russian moles" but aren't scared Dems deep ties to the Muslim brotherhood,that is still causing problems today?
I find it troubling that you think the FBI falls apart when someone is fired.  People quit/die/move all the time. Continuity system exists.
This is a must see and RT must go viral!
We already know the answer. The question is what R Senate Dems going to do about it. Let trump run roughshod over the country above the law
Exactly, we can't afford that as a nation never mind a party.
Someone please step up to save our country
On proof of collusion existing, Feinstein, after her CIA meeting, said "not at this time"

+ G2 not (see attached)

= #RussiaFake
Not at this time...can mean so many things. Still waiting for a full report. Integrity my ass.
She was asked if she was aware of any evidence supporting allegations of collusion.  As such, "not at this time" is hardly ambiguous.
I agree. Blind sighted by the not Russian- Guccifer 2.0
1/1: Understandable when USIC+MSM insist G2=RU.

This is why I wrote a guide on checking+verifying (rather than asking ppl to believe stuff)
The memo date is wrong, there is your evidence!
There should be no more appointments made by liar trump approved until an independent investigator is put in place. Period.
Stop the obstruction, @SenMarkey NO ONE is falling for this baseless Democrat narrative. #draintheswamp
Too much coincidence. THREE firings of top investigators addressing #trumpRussiagate when getting close to action: Yates, Bharara, now Comey
