And it's so simple.
So, you will protect "illegal", "felony" committing immigrants ...(and put them on Mass Heath).  This is why Trump won.
hope he runs in 2020!
What about the MANY who have been killed by illegals! They R the 1s who needed protection; they r the 1s who R forgotten!
@BOScitycouncil being compassionate and welcoming of all is one of the reasons we're #BostonStrong and a great American city.
bravo mayor Walsh. Proud to say you are leading our city.
We are a city & nation built on laws. Illegal immigrants do not contribute to the vitality of our country.
nonsense
Immigrants not illegal immigrants there is a process to come here just like everything you do in life there is a process, they broke the law
< excellent, you have my support.
#marty2020
Thank you for fighting for America: a nation of immigrants, freedom, and democracy.
Yes, if the newcomers are LEGAL!
For being the mayor of Boston, you're not that bright. We want law breaking illegal aliens out. Not immigrants you fool.
Well said.
Look up the word illegal versus legal. Stop welcoming people who have broke the law. #AmericaFirst
correct legal immigrants not illegal wake up to the truth
Thank you for standing up against hate.
as long as the people immigrate legally, there is no problem.  It's the illegals that are the problem
you made a f00l out of yourself. TRUMP never spoke against immigrants. HE SPOKE AGAINST ILLEGAL CRIMINALS. U R NOW A CRIMINAL!
It's not about Immigrants it's about ILLEGAL Criminal immigrants
A Nation built on "legal" immigrants. There is a difference. Don't enforce the law lose funding. Simple.
Couldn't be more true.
legal immigrants who appreciate American culture are good to America society, but definitely Not illegals & Islamic extremists
legal immigrants are welcomed, illegal no! This is so embarrassing for Massachusetts
LEGAL immigrants dip shit
Immigrants, legal immigration
@SenMarkey built on LEGAL immigration. A Nation without borders is not a country
You protect illegals but citizens go to jail for lesser crimes. What the heck is going on?
#JailMarty
. Legal immigrants tell that to "KATE"s family. Immigration laws are on the books and you are aiding&abetting foreign nationals
Thank you. I live in Medford, but I'm considering buying a house in Boston to make sure I vote for you forever.
Great news!
LEGAL immigrants, yes. No one would dispute that. This new law is about ILLEGAL. What part of that do you not understand?
Thank you Mayor @marty_walsh 
#BostonStrogerTogether
legal is the key word you pandering clown
I agree. Well said and Amen!  Keep up the fight and the faith. We ALL shall overcome #DonaldTrump & his pathetic policies!!
No one is taking them away, just the illegal ones! @marty_walsh
Legal newcomers that is. Why can't any of you get that? It's the LAW!!! How about we all choose which laws we want to follow?
Correction: We are a nation built on LEGAL IMMIGRANTS.  Why is that so hard to accept and promote? @KennedyNation @LouDobbs @BretBaier .
we are a nation of laws, immigration is a code of laws. You should obey them as Mayor.
legally or illegally? Or it just does not matter to you?
Legal immigrants, not illegal. #BuildTheWall
are you referring to LEGAL immigrants or ILLEGAL immigrants?
. Legal Immigrants we have no problem with but
Illegal immigrants are unfairly using our tax dollars &you are breaking the law
Immigrants need to come here lawfully.  If yours don't, you are also a lawbreaker for abetting them.
@SenMarkey Thank you for being a leader on this!
We are for legal immigrants not illegal immigrants.
@SenMarkey We don't need one more newcomer for our country to maintain its vitality.  You think the American people are sheep.
@SenMarkey We are a Nation of Laws. If you don't uphold your Oath, then prepare for a new job! Americans before Illegals!
@SenMarkey Walsh is nothing more than a union thug that should be arrested for Impeding any Federal Investigation
The country is built on legal immigrants.  Why don't you protect legal US residents?  Do your job.
Thank you for opening the city to all & for your support on Saturday.
.The country was built on LEGAL immigrants. Do u maintain that Federal law is invalid?
Yes!!!! This is an important time to speak up
@Jeff_Caplan legal immigration is great. Illegal immigration is not great.
Yes, legal immigration idiot
Boston was founded as "the city on a hill" serving as a beacon of light for the world. It's time for us to shine on Washington
Then let them come here legally, I have no problem with that. It's the ILLEGAL 1's. ILLEGAL (not Legal) right  in the name!!!!
yes. And my immigrant mom came legally via Ellis Island and needed vetting and a sponsor. Why is that wrong?
.@marty_walsh kept it up, glad you're speaking publicly about the insanity this administration is attempting to force upon the people
Would you open the offices to our homeless. Hypocrite.
Does the word "illegal" absolve anyone else committing a crime?
Do you not understand that he is referring to criminal illegal immigrants? Do not Grandstand on an issue that affects Americans
Way to go Marty!
as a MA resident, I support you and the sanctuary cities.
Go tell that to the family of Matthew Denise of Milford MA.
it's ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS 2b deported! I'm fine with it My parents were LEGAL IMMIGRANTS. People like you create mass hysteria.
Thank you @marty_walsh I
legal immigrants. #BuildTheWall
thank you Mr. Mayor for having the courage to stand up to this coward orange malignancy. All of Boston & Mass.  are with You!
No they are not.  You do not speak for me.  People who commit crimes who are here illegally should leave.
thank you for your integrity and honorable stand!  We stand with you!
thank you!!!

where is ASL interpreters? #noaccess
. ALL ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS SHOULD BE SENT BACK WHERE THEY CAME FROM. THEIR TAKING AWAY SERVICES FROM PEOPLE THAT NEED IT!
. We want legal immigrants,NOT illegal taking away benefits from everyone!  My parents came TO America the legal way!
you know very well mayor that President Trump was talking about illegals not ones here legal
Just acting like another hysterical liberal.  Marty this is all about re-election.  #hack
. We want legal people HERE! NOT illegal! They don't belong HERE! That's what the president WANTS and so do we the people!
illegal illegal illegal illegal illegal illegal illegal illegal !!!!!!! #how hard is to understand? What the fuck?
irk. its ILLEGAL FELONS. If you legal you have nothing to worry about. Hell the FIRST LADY is a IMMIGRANT!!!
Marty, you sound like Rahm Emanuel. Do you both have the same playbook? LOL! Trump POTUS and Hillary isn't hence your anger!
you're ignoring one important word. ILLEGAL! This isn't against ALL immigrants. Only the ILLEGALS! Wake up!
immigrants aren't the problem. The illegal criminal immigrants are the problem
we will not back down-thank you
ask Matthew Denise's family about ILLEGAL immigrants?  They can visit their son at his grave.
