.@SenateDems @IndivisEurekaSp Yes, but will they block & filibuster?
They need to PAUSE the confirm. proceedings until @potus+RUS is figured out
Stand united on this and The Resistance will support you and fellow dems. If it blows up, so be it.  All must vote NO. Thank you
@ukexpat19 @SenateDems All Dems Walk Out! No More Prime Time Coverage Charade/WALK OUT! Golly Gee Shucks GOP charmer PLAYING YOU.
@WeNeededHillary we expect no less than u #StopGorsuch #FilibusterGorsuch #StolenSeat no voting ! #Trumprussia love,#RESISTANCE
@WeNeededHillary #FilibusterGorsuch with everything you have!
Don't Confirm The Russian's Choice of Judge to a Lifetime Appointment.  

No, really.  Just don't.
PLEASE WALK OUT OF THIS PRIMETIME CHARADE OF GOLLY GEE CHARM NOM BY PRES DJT UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION FOR RUSS ELECTION  TREASON
Where's thr proof to back up your character smear? You just look small.
that's reason #GOP want him,he's the same as they r,not for the people but his own personal agenda,and has job for life.

he's not a friend to women or blue collar workers.  He doesn't rule my body.
@WeNeededHillary 
Until the trump FBI investigation, this hearing, healthcare, Rexxon going to russia ANYTHING RELATED CANCELLED
Gorsuch should not be confirmed: he's deluded: thinks corporations are people:
Making a cake you realize you used bad eggs. You dump it and start over. Nominees from a bad egg should be tossed.
This is quite possibly the stupidest analogy I've ever hear.
@WeNeededHillary keep fighting, Sen Dems!!
@SenMarkey block him!
Comey statements on Russia are scary. Wait on #Gorsuch until we know that #POTUS will serve >12 months.
He will uphold America not tear it down like the swamp!
So why is CO Dem Sen Michael Bennet introductng Gorsuch while praising him?   You've never met a fight you won't throw.
You'd better. Any of you who don't will be primaried HARD. This is the last term for many of you already. Time to stick up for working class
What about for being a right-wing judicial activist?
Gorsuch will be a good judge. Vote him in.
Which ones are going to vote in favor of his confirmation? Do you even know what opposition is in a dictatorship?
.@SenateDems who vote to confirm Gorsuch must be immediately expelled from the Democratic Party. No exceptions.
Way to go Democrats! Can you also go after Obama for having the powerful IRS attack powerless conservative supporters?
...Or is protecting "all" Americans not part of your credo. The meaning of true hypocrisy is America's Democrats
Yes!  Hold him accountable!
Seriously why are we bothering with someone we know is not worthy of the position
BLOCK HIM UNTIL THE RUSSIA TRUMP INVESTIGATION HAS BEEN CONCLUDED!! DON'T LET A TRAITOR SEAT A SC JUDGE!! RETWEET TO AGREE!!
enough dog and pony show dimwits confirm the man your endless shenanigans on these nominations has surpassed asinine
Mr Gorsuch looks like an excellent choice for Supreme Court!  Approve
I think you all are just poor losers - Hilary sucked as a candidate - no matter what the Russians did or do!  Stay in the woods!
We'll never forget if you cave on #Gorsuch. We cannot afford more corporate conmen on SCOTUS. Corporations United is bad enough.

You guys better vote against him. If you have to? Filibuster. It's worth it. This is a STOLEN seat. Should be Merrick Garland's.
For essentially being under investigation for treason, Trump administration should not be able to pick @scotus until completed.
Whatever overturns CitizenUnited.
Gorsuch will be confirmed to the Supreme Court. Demoncraps will be all butthurt and crying.
I consider corporations first, citizens Last largest threat to democracy.
the Dems will do anything to obstruct you don't care about America just like the GOP
Expect you all to vote NO on Gorsuch. Worth a filibuster if you have to. Spot belongs to Garland.
Do you think that the ppl believe anything that the federal government says.
Who cares about his record. You pushovers should all be boycotting the hearings. The GOP would have done nothing less.
#resist do not backdown, vote no. Your constituents are showing up to resist. Don't let us down.
unless you are going to filibuster this stolen seat, nothing else will matter
Please tell us what you speak out against that you yourself aren't the very type?
Hold him accountable for supporting logic over rhetoric instead.
What? That's what the "Justice" system is intended to do.
You mean like making helpless babies disposable? Abortion is murder.
theft is theft! Illegal act of migrants. Waukegan community hospital corporations startup was in frauds. Return all pay shooters
proper! Forbidden practice racketeering & withholding properties from owner!No ARDCfrauds!Crimes address proper @ChicagosMayor©
Gorsuch is NOT a judiciary that belongs on the Supreme Court!!
Shouldn't everything b put on hold until investigation into Russia? No Prez should b allowed a nominee while under investigation
@Zhape they better vote against his nomination
You're so weak. THE PICK WAS STOLEN JESUS CHRIST GET A SPINE
way to go
@SenMarkey @GOP @ValleyPatriot Ed from Maryland Markey a 40 year example of everything wrong with our government.
@SenMarkey Senate Dems know it's important to not allow anyone who honors the constitution to be approved. They need activists.
you must #filibustergorsuch 

This is literally the battle of a lifetime. Take it seriously! Unite for the country!
funny thing what happened ys before.whole family of dem now republican,you loose we see what you are.losers
YOU BETTER FILIBUSTER THIS MAN. #DemocratsWAKEup
PLEASE INSIST ON MrGarland. Do not give any more to this corrupt admin. NO legislation/appts until DJT is divested/vetted/gone!
.@SenateDems 
The only accountability is preventing his approval. #StopGorsuch
Not ONE. SINGLE. VOTE. for Gorsuch. We're watching all of you. MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND #RMEMBER
He must be denied confirmation. Wholly illegitimate SCOTUS pick by a fraud of a president.
Nothing you can do about it!  Thank Harry Reid for that! 
is this our appetizer begore you ram him down our throats like all the other crooks u voted in bunch of effin sellouts

If Gorsuch believes pregnant women are less capable/productive &/or more likely to abuse benefits: disqualified.
 http://nwlc.org/blog/reported-gorsuch-statements-show-disqualifying-disregard-for-womens-workplace-rights/ …
and what do think of what the Dem-ons do by supporting baby murderers planned parenthood funded over $500 mil yearly?
WATCH WHAT?Watch you roll over on Merrick Garland!? You think you can pass this off as a GOOD thing?!? Get out of here.
So. Much. Happening. Today.
