Why did you speak to CNN ?
Why not fox or cbs news ? Or NBC? Why do democrats use CNN as their platform network
I think you are missing the forest for the trees, my friend
These are the type of fools who would complain about how the atom bomb about to hit them was the wrong color.
Not missing the point. I live in mass I know the rhetoric of my senators. Everyday there is more liberal drivel from the sewers of CNN
Try a little harder not to be a cultist.
I'm surprised a conservative has a vocabulary that includes the word "drivel"
Guys....c'mon. This is exactly what Putin wants. We have to unite. We are in big fucking trouble.
Yeah we are in big trouble because of them. Uniting and conceding to their bullshit will make things worse.
But...but...but Hillary's emails. and Obama played golf occasionally.  Yeah, Trumpers, what now?
They don't believe it because trump TELLS them not to believe it. They can't think for themselves. No critical thinking skills at all.
Yes, my biggest issue with humanity these days ... no or lack of use of critical thinking skills. Hell, I'd like just basic thinking!
We are only now seeing the danger of that. With the new @BetsyDeVosED we will only plummet into the depths of stupidity even faster.
Oh.. he did something. As well as, Flynn,Pence,Ryan,Preibus.Most of the top GOP.Blood bath!
Would @CNNnewsroom like to review this broadcast and re-think their attitudes in light of today's news?
How in the BEEP can Trump say he fired COMEY because of the way he investigated HILLARY CLINTON during the 2016 ELECTION! Trump asked for...
EASY: 1) Comey said HRC wouldn't be prosecuted for her crimes after outlining them; not his job. 2) Comey lied abt HRC emails, had to fix.
HILLARY'S emails were brought up during the CAMPAIGNS.  Trump was begging FBI to investigate HILLARY! HILLARY'S campaign was noble.
You're daft!
Dems in MA, this lunatic is who we send to D.C. to represent us?  Every claim he makes is shamefully lacking facts and ignorantly wrong.
Derp. He is the senator from NY.
@HillaryClinton is not too big to jail. Her Foundation money laundering bribery scheme. Selling Libyan stingers/Sarin to ISIS #LockHerUp
U r correct and I'd love to c her in jail but I don't think it'd happen. I think she'd payoff someone for a pardon and the media would turn her into Joan of Arc.
@AGSchneiderman's turf

@realDonaldTrump not only had Federal problems, but also State problems

NYS will also help bring him down
Please be stronger on this.
The reporters were right to bring up the idea of grinding the Senate to a halt.
Do it.
Special prosecutor now.
Bi-partisanship is dead. Fortunately, we have CPR. #constitutionalcrisis #SpecialProsecutor 
#Trumprussia
This is already a Constitutional Crisis & @TheDemocrats are NOT STOPPING ANYTHING WITH ROLLING FILIBUSTERS. REMOVE @RonWyden & all QUISLINGS
why Ron Wyden? he's usually strong. what'd i miss?
The Fascist Overthrow that @RonWyden FIGHTS BY SENDING NOTES TO AN ILLITERATE @POTUS. He & @KateBrownForOR are. FAKE LIBERALS REALPROBLEM.
@SenFeinstein Incredulous Sessions & Russian regime are interviewing to hire new FBI Director. How about HELL NO?! 
@CNNnewsroom
COULD be??? are you kidding? we've been in one since nov 8!!
It's funny watching a party who wants to flood our country with foreigners complain about foreigners influencing our elections.
I guess this was before McConnell announced there will B no special prosecutor & instructed all GOP Congresspersons 2 insist there's no need
@SenSchumer @SenMarkey @OrrinHatch YOU WANT investigation before/during/after & always. Stop wasting taxpayer $ & time! Trump won; you lost.
@SenSchumer @SenMarkey YOU MUST be taking dramatic acting classes from same coach! Take your marching orders from radical alt-left media!
How do the PEOPLE CALL for a SPECIAL PROSECUTOR or SPECIAL INVESTIGATOR???  AMERICANS are NOT AFRAID!  WE are ready to DUMP TRUMP! @POTUS
Why is that WOMAN asking is it that SERIOUS???  Has she been fully vetted to be on this NEWSCAST???
... FBI INVESTIGATION!!!   @gmo1stmimi
Paul Ryan and others like him will sell out our country to the Russians before anyone goes after Trump. And by then it will be too late.
....then Candidate Trump (as a private citizen) has expressly violated the very intent 18 USC 953. Why was he not prosecuted for that?
If candidate Trump can state, "Russia, if you are listening, I hope you can find the 30,000 emails that are missing." ... (cont'd)
Know that Americans have reached their limit, especially when we find that Trump violated 18 U.S.C. § 953 before he was elected.. (cont'd)
Could be?  COULD BE? It IS in a constitutional crisis!!  Why? Because it elevates #Putin ?  #Trump & #GOP certainly IS elevating #Putin.
We are already there.

please stop, you are an embarrassment to Massachusetts
Not could be. Is.
CNN is very fake news.
Nooo...you think?
Could be??
What part of Dereliction of Duty,Insubordination are you not understanding Mr.Ed?
Stop Pontificating otherwise I'll have to charge admission
Thinks a hole lot GOP for signing death sentence
Sir @realDonaldTrump  fired mr comey for his incompetence in investigating hillary not unfairness as you imply
He's talking about McCain.
McCain is hardly a 'leading' Republican senator. He's a rino, globalist stooge.
Maybe. If @realDonaldTrump impedes the @FBI again, then yes.
@camwitten @CNNnewsroom     COULD BE???
You need to do a lot more Mr Markey because GOP Congress is not going to lift a finger to help take our Country back from Russia
There is NO constitutional crisis!You Dems have lost it!Americans care about JOBS ECONOMY EDUCATION HEALTHCARE! Get to work! Stop w the lies
Democrat Hack
And then Slimy Senator McConnell said "NO, that the Republican's will do it" How WRONG he is!! He's crooked too!
correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't Senator's McCain & Graham request a "special prosecutor" a coulpe of months ago?
Was Comey fired when he was away from his office so others might have access to his computer files? Please investigate. Thx #KremlinGate
#ImbecileAlert
This is an important matter that should be considered  very seriously by both political Parties: Republicans & Democrats.!
@CNN please teach your ppl  exactly what a Constitutional Crisis is so they can convey it to the country. Please!
Root out the @GOP complicit or worse MoCs.  Then, get these criminals out of our White House!
Might be? I think we passed "might be" more than 100 days ago.. #ImpeachTrump #GOPcoverup #Trumprussia
Yes, our country is in a #ConstitutionalCrisis over #TrumpRussia & @GOP is #Complicit! #SpecialProsecutor is needed to get to truth.
We're *in* a constitutional crisis because of the GOPs refusal to put country over power & party
What can we do to get an independent investigation now after @GOP is handing out democracy away? HELP US!
Fire him, don't fire him...you're fickle . No sense of standing by your word. No credibility. No wonder why your party is crumbling.
Dems respnse to Comey is crazy! 1st they praise him, thn they blame him. They curse him, now they bless him. It's a lib shell game. Help!!
We're on our way to becoming Russia....frightening.
Thank you, Senator.  I agree!
"Could be?" I think you are being overly optimistic. We crossed that line long ago...right after January 21st.
Suggest two top senators view trumps taxes and get this over with
As in the same Russia that #CROOKED HILLARY SOLD OUR URANIUM TO, quit wasting our $$ on witch hunts, do your job, NUT CASE.
Speaker Ryan on FOXNews right now and he is 100% behind Donald Trump on the firing of James Comey.
Could be? Oh, we're way beyond that point.
Mien Kampf trump years fraud &corruptions!Given pass on Presidency!What was your first clue?Isnt fit 4 WH Cleaning Staff or polish militboot
#trump team wants a #civilwar thats why #kushner hired, a horror movie the purge publicist; yes. #comey #nyc #lax
Seems as if he is spreading propaganda on the state run media outlet CNN. These people might be colluding with the Russians to overthrow gov
Let's hire the same special counsel who nailed Lois Lerner and Valerie Jarrett. Oops!
Please go back to driving and ice cream truck, you're embarrassing yourself and everyone from Massachusetts.
could be?  We have been there since 11/08/2016.  Where you been?  Glad your just showing up to the party.  SMH.
We are already there. We have crashed. Did you not see Russians in the White House today? Please stand up to #traitortrump
Surely not, giving illegals citizen rights. Surely the mighty U.S. can buy off another foolish dream. Just because we luv brthrs
COULD be?!!!!
If our election process is so sacred, why did DNC rig their primary? 
@senatormarkey  Wall Street noted your comments. In light of US "careening toward a Constitutional crisis", trading suspended, Dow 500!
We are already in it. seriously.
DO NOT QUOTE OR CITE LOUISE MENSCH FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS HOLY.

Please, Senator, do not base anything on reports from Louise Mensch or Palmer Report, you only discredit yourself.
the first is a conspiracy theorist and the second a left-wing version of Brietbart
Trump admin is tratorous, dysfunctional, and trampling on Constitution. It's more than a crisis. It's attack on our Nation!
Independent investigation only
You should not refer to Mensch or Palmer. That’s a seriously embarrassing look for you. Do better, our country needs it.
Don't rely on Palmer Report and Louise Mensch for news. Please. Use legitimate sources.
Palmer beats the mainstream press to the punch and is rarely wrong. Not in the same category as Mensch
Except he was saying things that weren't even true.
Serious question, what wasn't true? Maybe  I missed something.
I'm telling you what press was saying. He was ridiculed for using them as sources.
We have been in one for months. Contact @mikefarb1 about evidence of vote tampering.
So CNN's first question after he mentioned a Grand Jury in NY was JUST empaneled was why do we have a crisis???? LOL
So you don't think it's at ALL pertinent that a Grand Jury in NY on Trump?russia was just impaneled in NY?  geezes cnn you blow
@GOPSenate @HouseGOP Country before party

#SpecialProsecutor 
#IndependentInvestigation
No sir. We are IN a Constitutional crisis. We are careening towards a dictatorship.
We are in a crisis, ever since this narcissistic, sniveling, child creature became @POTUS how far are the #GOP willing to take this crap? 
You're in a crisis; seek help
Good grief. Mensch is a nutter!   https://twitter.com/jonswaine/status/862422634931388418 … Democrats have lost their friggin minds. @jonswaine
Eitan, you have a copious amount of Trump Trolls, waiting for you to join them, under the bridge. You'll feel better there. 
@rolandsmartin @ThisWeekABC @HillaryClinton bc I-VT @BernieSanders & @MoveOn @MMFlint @POTUS  #CONEY #ConstitutionalCrisis #SecondCivilWar ?
This should be retweeted every day!!!
Listen to @jonfavs. No work done in the senate until a special prosecutor is appointed
The tape with John completely misses the boat to question him about nys ag rico investigation. Not a great interview.
No "could be" about it.  GOP refusing to impeach because Trump is a Republican is destroying checks and balances.  #ConstitutionalCrisis

2016 was not a fair & free election! We need #TrumpRussiaInvestigation to prove!

@CNNnewsroom, you kinda missed Sen. Markey's mention of NY Grand Jury.  Maybe you should listen more closely to what people are saying.
Preet Bharara for Special Prosecutor.
Preet Bharara for Special Prosecutor.
Preet, Preet, Preet, Preet, Preet.
Americans demand #SpecialProsecutor to investigate @realDonaldTrump RE #Trumprussia #ComeyFiring.Disturbing DJT's priority is Russia not USA
@CNN I can't believe these idiot reports stepped all over Sen Markey's BREAKING NEWS. Good gawd...
What do you mean 'could be' ??
I believe the word is "careering" , sir.
Could be??!
TWO Grand Juries now confirmed!  One in Virginia (issuing subpoenas), and one in New York.  @TrueFactsStated proven right yet again!
Lol 
Did you let everyone know there's nothing you can do about the successful Coup that Trump and GOP just accomplished ?
Could be?  No, we are there now.  One look at the picture of Lavrov in the White House says everything.
Living on the edge.
"explosive language what specifically are you pointing to" WTF have you not been paying attention?
I think we're already there.
Senator Markey, please understand that while you demure on directly stating if DJT is acting criminally, the John Q. Public already think so
Thank you Senator.  Can you speak with Mitch McConnell who doesn't believe a special prosecutor is needed at all..The People DESERVE to know
Nixon - articles of impeachment Congress passed

Obstruction of Justice
Abuse of Power
Contempt of Congress

familiar?
#resist
#ImpeachTrump
Why is the media so complacent? Why don't they follow up ?
Media are ratings whores...They make money no matter who wins...They don't care...get it? They are the reason #45 is Prez...Free coverage...
Agree 10000%
Thank you @SenMarkey 
Now Shut it down please.
#ShutItDown
#ShutItDown  agree.
HAHAHAHAHA libtards! The gift that keeps on giving! LOL #Hillary #susanrice #lynch #morningjoe #comey #weiner #huma #RUSSIA
COULD BE? COULD BE?
I think that one is money laundering.
Remember trump ran is campaign from here. There was a question of legitimacy of listed donor. Their address caused suspicion.
That would be fantastic. Called the FBI this morning re not pausing the investigation. Lady I talked to was nice and said it won't happen.
@maddow @allinwithchris @JoyAnnReid @Lawrence @NicolleDWallace
understatement of the century
RT & share
Sounds nice if #Republicans would actually be #Patriotic, but I'm doubtful at this point. The #GOP & their followers don't mind "winning."
"A grand jury has been empaneled in NY" (at 1:50 mark)
Glad I'm not the only one that caught that....
Try to find an honest patriot in the GOP and fight.
#democrats need to find only 2 honest #senators to block down any legistation
they won't find even one
@GOP- party IN FRONT OF COUNTRY
#MAGA
Please be specific on what part of the constitution has been violated? #ComeyFiring
You must of missed that part.
Oh did I? indeed, because it's not in the constitution. Otherwise the US has influenced many elections and we would never be hypocritical!
A Constitutional Crisis is already in full swing. Now America gets to see who will stand to protect Liberty...and who will not
Not "could be" and not "careening" @SenMarkey, Sir! We ARE HERE!! We were patient but #TheResistance demand a #SpecialProsecutor NOW!
problem is Mitch McConnel has told all repubs to say there is no need for a special prosecutor. He is obstructing justice.
Mitch McConnell obstructs common sense...
He stinks and is ugly to boot.
A revolution is brewing. @GOP stop overstepping your limits. do your job. Demand an independent commission w/special prosecutors, NOW!
"Sacred process for electing a president.?"  I want some of whatever he's smoking.
"I give freedom less than two hundred years."  Ben Franklin
I think we're already there...
Repubs aren't going to come together with dems. Repubs are compromised, per Clapper's testimony. You need to take action
That is my take on it too. No way to know what was hacked from GOP leadership.
Could be?
I....fg....CONCUR, @SenMarkey!!!!!
Subpoenas, Grand Juries, Potential Constitutional Crisi
Could? The line has been crossed numerous times. Act now!
We are not careening towards a constitutional crisis. WE ARE IN A CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS.

Senator yr normalizing of a Russian coup makes me wonder if you want same as they: a new Constitutional convention that rips USA to shreds?
Salute, Sir!!! Please keep fighting!
He dripped that news, and that anchor interrupted him to ask some soap opera bs question. What a buzzard.
when do we get more info about this grand jury in NY?
Obstruction of justice.
thank you, Can we survive this, solve this peacefully? I am serious.
Wake up and smell the treason sir. This stuff has been happening the whole time. Time to stop diddling and DO SOMETHING.
Thank you, @SenMarkey
Please keep your boxing gloves on, Senator! We need that Russian loving lap dog out of office! 
We're already there. Senate Dems should refuse to conduct business until independent investigation happens.

We are in a const crisis now! Yates, Bharara & Comey all fired for invstgatng 45. Past is a predictor of future so expect more interference.
Remember the days of no worries,  you could wake up and see numerous news stories besides crazy going on here in the US?
Another Democrat becoming more unhinged thinking the world is coming to an end, they are setting new standards regarding hypocrisy.
Could be? We've been in one since 1/20/17!!
So is obama, Susan rice, Hillary finally going to get charged with Comey gone?
Could be? We are there Ed. And we have been for a while.
