RU kidding, they should be investigating the Clinton people and Russia! They were a lot more involved than Trump and not in office yet!
Seriously? You do realize that Hillary Clinton wasn't in office during her campaign, right?
I'm actually waiting for Bill's accusers to be invited to the WH for a photo-op with Trump. Anything to distract! #TrumpImpeachmentParty
Have you seen those women? 4's and 5's at most. Easier to drop some bombs on Syria without congressional approval.
You people should grow up try your best to support our President! You lost and it's over,  give up on the Russian crap, we elected Trump!
Yeah....I'm going to wait for the DOJ, CIA, FBI, & both houses of Congress to wrap-up their investigation of this "alternative treason".
Thank you for your courage in fighting Trump and his minions. I'm a constituent and big supporter of you.
And Greta was not trying to run a pro-trump scam? Next time go to @maddow
Another fishing expedition of the left. The incompetent Dems are traitors to the American people They should do their jobs
Know this: If the Trump campaign or transition team were spied on for political purposes, it will be the end of the Democratic Party.
No sir like we r going to arrest some dimms
Spoken like true #TrumpTrash ! You guys don't know much about the Constitution, do you? It's OK. Not everyone goes to high school/college.
Sounds like something the oblunder administration had perfected!
SENATOR MARKEY, WAIT TIL WE UNCOVER WHAT YOU'VE  COVERED UP!
More fake news from Ed full of Malarky. In reality, looks like Ds are responsible for felonious leaks.
Voted for Trump because I was so disgusted by MSM and the DEMS lack of respect for Americans; nothing to do with the Russians; Back at U Ed
Unnamed sources in the DNC have stated that Sen. Markey was part of the plot to assassinate Trotsky. Sen give me a break.
Are you Democrats can say what you want doesn't make it true so sick of Democrat
It s pretty obvious dat d WH nd Nunes r working together 2 cover things up! That s a GIVEN knowing it s Trump being nvstgtd!
Gee Spicy doesn't look so arrogant. Poor 
I can't wait for the Swamp to be exposed!
Ya think?
Illegitimate election and presidency. None of Trump's admin were legally selected. Wipe the seats clean! #russiagate #Trumprussia #treason
More FAKENEWS coming out of MSNBC, what a surprise!
Bullshit
The Russian bots are all over your thread Senator.
Hell democrats and msm has been trying to cover up Clinton and her camps ties to Russia. There's more evidence of that than with Trump
How? Were is the proof?  Words R very cheap in DC swamp these days Can congress do some actual work 4 the american people?
Stay on it for us! Thank you for being a Patriot!
What's Russian for uranium, uranium, uranium? Or polonium, for that matter?
Well of course he is ! He is a jack ass! #TheResistance
We demand that all the players associated with Trump before, during & since election have their positions frozen & security clearance halted
Extremely suspicious actions all around. Funny how Spicer suddenly had no comment! Let's drain the swamp right now. Cease and desist!
MSM etc... tried their hardest to stack the deck against  Sanders & 45. She still lost.Russian bots didn't cause it. She's horrible
looks to me, Senator, like you're making stuff up again. #fakenews
nonsensical liberal drivel.
The Russians always interfere in our elections. We've known this for years.The dems will not stop until they crucify Trump
A more imp ques is why did Hillary sell our uranium to the Russians and how much did her foundation get out of it?
Poor  Greta.........having to spew  this nonsense....
Sorry, I can't bring myself to watch Greta. She still has the stain of Fox on her.
Wrong.
Pitiful!
So Dems are in trouble, anytime u hear a reversal accusation u know they are filthy dirty
you make a good case for term limits.
Seems to others, he is attempting to Expose some Dem frauds....
you should be ashamed; your position so blindly partisan bordering on unamerican. shooting the messenger of your misdeeds
Yep- you turned into Your network
Greta is a turncoat
SEN. MARKEY YOUR DEMOCRATS ARE PROFESSIONAL ON COVER UP!  THEY ALSO VERY GOOD AT LYING CHEATING! LYING & COVERUP REAL PROFESSIONALS THE DEMS
Shame on @LibDems for repeat'd lies & fakenews re #TrumpRussia  If u accuse on record, have evidence Not more invented talk'g pts!
GOD BLESS PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP
The Russians are Coming!
@AllMattNYT @MSNBC there would be no sources if OBAMA WAS NOT ABUSING IC POWER FOR ADVANCING POLITICAL AGENDA
There's no cover up. The Dems have been invited to see the classified material. Another Fake Tweet from a Fake Ma Senator
@MSNBC Disgusting miss direction to hide despicable illegal abuse of power & IC by OBAMA ADMINISTRATION
Is he still president by July? What's the over/under and does Las Vegas have any odds ??
How does Ms Farkus feel about your statement?
" Looks to be".  "seems",  "May...why don't people have facts instead of speculate for their own agendas??
Sounds like a bunch of malarkey @SenMarkey
Podesta - Juell; Uranium transfer; Iran deal Russia holding its uranium. Tell Vlad I'm flexible.
Didn't you ask the Whitehouse for proof? Now you have it.
Um.. Trump requested they look into the surveillance. Not much of a cover up..
What FAKE NEWS crap! Dems would be dead if lying corrupt Fake News Media wasn't a full part of the Democrat party, & most effective part.
Hillary Clinton sold uranium to Russia when she was Secretary of State
Among many other things to get rich!
lol! Love all these desperate stories!
that's not true
@funder @greta I can't help but hear the #PinkPanther theme song when I read/hear "Trump..." make a it palatable.
You are the best Sir, Greetings from Boston Strong 
If u believe this, you'll believe everything they throw at u!  You're dream audience for Dems. Good many Amer. use brains & not pol'l affil.
and also.... when did @Sethrogen become a journalist? :)
Thank you
thank you senator from Massachusetts!!!
Whats the difference? The fbi could have stopped russia from stealing the election, but they didnt because they hate democrats.
Do you really think Russia stole the election,  you have got to put down the koolaid!
Mostly the fbi. But they ignored Russian involvement because they are compromised.
