When are you going to take a stand on Hasidic community medicaid fraud? When the trail gets close to you?

the ones that obama loaded onto Medicaid are the ones that will need to get a job. #getajob and get covered.  #obamacare failed
Not as big a failure as trumpcare we are talking about healthcare or are you trying to change that to tax breaks for the wealthy now Typical
this is your moment w/GOP leadership void,quickly establish a comm. to come up with recommendations to improve ACA!
bring in health professionals to help solve cost of premiums and other issues burdening the ACA. THE TIME IS NOW FOR SOLUTIONS.
Bring in a group of senators and gov's to discover real solutions to improve ACA. We don't have the majority but can have ideas.
Medicaid has been abused on wasted school programs. More democrat fraud....
Losing  faith
Thank you for speakingbthe truth
Change how we do things,  heal our country! Our country is in hale of hurt and chaos!
Lord! We need to PUNCH! Protect, Unify, Negotiate, Change,  Heal!  Protect & Unify our country,  Negotiate with all parties,
False Fake BS Chuck You Schumer. Although, there's plenty of fraud in these systems since Democrats have run them for so long...
Hey, you should bring this up while youre partying with them in the Hamptons today, you hypocrite. #whatthefuckchuck
keep it up Chucky. Eventually you'll get your own emoji.
Time 2 Address Real Drivers of Health Care CO$T$
Pharmaceuticals MONOPOLY Pricing
&
AMA's Price Fixing RUC & RVS Committees
NOT Free Markets
LEARN TO TELL THE TRUTH. I KNOW VERY HARD FOR YOU CHUCKLE. 
ACA IS DEAD BURIED.  AHCA FOR ALL WITH CHOICE
Medicaid has expanded to cover ILLEGALS...THEY NEED TO BE REMOVED ALONG WITH ABLE BODIED WORKERS !


U R FAKE. DON'T BELIEVE YR LIE AND YR MOUTH!!!!!!!!!
Schumer renegs on offer to work with republicans and @POTUS on the new healthcare bill
#ImpeachNOWreplaceLATER
Boo hoo. Illegal,refugees to looose free health care!
Post the CBC report on ocare
Start with giving any senator that votes for it the same coverage at the bottom of the barrel their plan has. And Trump Pence RyanMcConnell
When are dems going to go on the offensive with healthcare? Tired of hearing why AHCA is bad, why not start a convo about solutions!
Chuck can you say Balanced Budget?
Single payer will kill people https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/worldviews/wp/2017/06/29/against-his-parents-wishes-this-terminally-ill-infant-will-be-allowed-to-die/ …
#CBO doesnt have a good record of making accurate projections...thus being in this mandated gov mess #RepealAndReplace
2of2
@POTUS
Single-Payer Plan
Abolish Planned Parenthood Medical & Medicaid.
(legal residents only, paid for with National Consumption Tax)
1 of 2 @POTUS
1. Repeal Obamacare / ACA
2. Lower taxes (corporate and personal)
3. Build the wall (all of it)
4. Single-Payer

#SlaveryAndInvoluntaryServitude were #Banned so that
#AmericansCanNeverBe
#ForcedToLaborForTheBenefitOfAnother
#ChooseFreedom
people will have their medicaid it is the governments cost that will be lowered get it right
Isn't less spending a good thing? Oh, I forgot, you love spending other people's money recklessly.
Well it is fashioned after your wonderful ObamaCare. What do you expect.  Can't wait till it is repealed and completely replaced
Good! Maybe the 35% will be those who are too lazy to work & believe the government owes them something. Tired of supporting them w/my taxes
CBO says that 28B will be uninsured on the ACA now!  Senate bill has 22B uninsured. Whay ye say now Schmuckie @SenSchumer ?  No answers huh?
Yeah, cause everybody would be dead.
There is that many people on medicaid who should not be there.
You know you are lying crying chuck
What is your plan?  Millions of Americans were forced into more expensive health insurance and lost access to their doctor's under Ocare.
we've listened to all the hot air and lies from the democrats it's really getting annoying! Dam it do something constructive
Thank God Killery isnt president
Just FIX the ACA. It must be uniform in all states including the red ones. No opt outs or exceptions. Expand Medicaid...No more penalties.
Single payer????
Ith Medicare for all right?
Mr Schumer. Another lie. Quit it.

Oh no! They'll have to get JOBS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just got citizenship. What for? Appalled at Dems policies & obstruct/resist motto. Thanks.Just lost my 3rd ins policy.  Vote dems OUT!
Liar!
How much creditably does the CBO really have when it said Obamacare was affordable.
Yet another schumer lie. #fakePolitician
Senator, the current plan is unsustainable and you know it. There need to be cuts, it can't be paid for in current state. Show some honestly
What is your proposal?
Chuck, there's only 1 thing in ur statement thats true "it can never succeed no matter how it's tweaked" cuz the Dems won't ever allow it!!!
Why don't u stop wasting ur time & our tax $-help Americans! U,Nancy, & Liz need new jobs-no clue what America wants obviously-Trump is PRES
What are you proposing to help fix the items in Obama's bill that aren't working?
in 2036 omg what is wrong with you?
CHUCKLES....Hear this....OBAMACARE is DEAD! And unlike Elvis...it 'aint' coming back!  DEAL WITH IT...Mr. MINORITY!
The CBO, is constantly incorrect, as you have previously stated
yea ... obamacare was sooo much better ... you dems created this mess.
No don't try to get people off Medicaid by cutting unnecessary spending.   How dare they. Lol
Are you gonna cry about it?
CBO is part of the SWAMP like U! They sure got Obamacare figures wrong in 2010 ! So now we should believe them ? U R Democrap liar !
how is Obummercare working out Chuckschmuck?
Repeal and replace.
u are NOT in touch w/what American public want U live in your little world ONLY & DON'T LISTEN to EVERYONE FORGET Obumacare
"Bait and Switch" that is rare! Seeing the way Obamacare was rolled out. How many were added to Medicaid in the last admin? Didn't work.
Cbo is full of crap.
Do not replace with something WORSE than "Ocare" - there are problems with it, fix them!
Do not repeal w/o replace.
Chuckles. Now that Forbes has shown the how wrong the CBO report was. Will you correct your fake demagog tweet? Probably not #schumerlies
Medicaid was never intended to support the number of people that ACA put on it. It is way underfunded as it was. Get real about the issues.
Mr. Schumer, r u being intentionally misleading? The 35% "reduction" is still growth, but 35% less than Ocare's current unsustainable plan.
I'd like Senators and Representatives to talk about the healthcare plans they receive 70% of which is paid for by US taxpayers.
Medicaid will be increased iver 10 years
Only in DC is this considered a cut!


Chuck Shoemaker what's the answer to healthcare? Do you have an a clue do you? You're just that idiot screaming the sky is falling
Chuck Schumer has no answers , guess he's just part of the problem
One somebody like Chuck Schumer continues to rant and rave about a problem he was part of to beginning with is hypocritical of himself
So Mr Schumer stop obstructing and give the Republicans an answer for the Democrats fuck up
25 million people will die this year because of Chuck Schumer.
Truth






And you trust the cob, look what they said about BHO care and then look where it's at today it's dead. You are absolutely ignorant
Y start over, let's leave Dems Obamacare alone, it's not going broke, & it's not causing our economy to grow at a weak 1.3% #WakeUpAmerica
And the CBO was SO accurate w/ OCare... At least you now admit it's reduced spending & not cuts as you kept claiming!
You didn't care one bit about the people who couldn't afford Obama care they paid a fine and got NOTHING! FU
How about you get to work on impeachment or at least a sensible alternative to this awful healthcare bill?

Not as bad as Obamacare. Let the law as is was written on who is allowed Medicare and who can not, not everyone Free stuff for votes Chucky
The people that will lose Medicaid are people that do not qualify to be on it from the beginning. Reduce gov't spending and and employees.
And you believe CBO? They got every metric wrong on Obamacare and you laud them? You're delusional!!!
SAVING $2.4 TRILLION OVER 20 YRS.TIGHTEN YOUR BELT.????
It's an increase you tart over 100 billion more than today.
Time to start over wth somebody to replace Schumer. He is too anti American.
REALITY CHECK: Studies Show That 22,000 - 43,000 Americans Will Likely Die From 22 Million Losing Health Care - GOP/Trump Insanity
We have so many folks that have made Medicaid a generational program passed to rheir kids. What is wrong that we can not get them off - work
Chuck - this report confirms that it is slowing growth not that current people lose coverage.  Medicaid was always meant to be transient
It should be called #disastercare
Time to throu you out with the trash
no its not, Medicaid just won't increase, 40k SHOULD NOT BE ON WELFARE, JUST IN NJ 2M IN MEDICAID FRAUD. BY HASIDIC JEWS STOP THE FRAUD
CBO SAID OBAMACARE WAS GREAT MISSED THAT BY 100%
Unfortunately #Trump wanna destroy #American_civilization & #Obamacare
Obamacare =Last people's hope
Great we can get those people jobs then they can support themselves buy ins..food..& stop sponging of working man trying to support family
Lower Medicaid spending is a GOOD thing. Means more people are working instead of sponging off working folks. Too bad you want more poor.
After your support of the NObamacare lies & the disastrous law, you have #zerocredibilty when it comes to healthcare. #fakenews
Hey Chuckie some of your constituents and working class people are loosing their coverage now b/c of #failingobamacare. #retirechuck #MNYGA
Non-partisan? Not a chance but take a look at what the CBO said about the crappy bill you passed! That worked out well did it not? Idiot!
Crocodile Tears Schumer if only you were a little smarter! If you just could of acheived summa cum laude maybe there would be hope for you
We would like to choose
You mean the same CBO that was TOTALLY WRONG when it scored OBAMACARE?!?!  You're an OBSTRUCTIONIST and a LIAR!!! Go away, you're useless!!!
still not a cut. ......... fix what is wrong. you just wanna throw money everywhere ..... throw enough no one sees you pocket some
Oh Chuckles. It's sad how short sighted you are, and that somehow you're the best and brightest of your party.
Great no paying for slackers. Dems party of slackers and losers
Better than Obamacare
CBO did a great job of scoring Obamacare didn't they Chuck? They are the definitive beaintrust that brought the US into a 20T debt under Obe
Time to get the government out of the health insurance business...
Get ready to loose your seat in the next election
Its time to quit the BS and sit down and speak to each other w/ respect.. as many hands make light work.. many thoughts can solve problems
Want to oppose everything that comes from this admin.. what yall seem to b ignorant of is u cannot build a house w/out a foundation (2)
19yrs chuckwod. i would hope that w/in those 19 yrs americans would have the beat health care coverage for all. The problem is dems  (1)
Why don't you get off your ass then and contribute to a new healthcare reform plan? Maybe if you had to give up the Congressional plan....
Thank you for fighting for our healtcare!
Fake news won't report the deaths directly due to Obamacare- HORRIBLE! Repeal and Replace asap!
Time for Dems to openly talk about Repubs committing the same amount of money to trumpcare  to Obamacare, why reinvent the wheel
And what about lifetime caps.  Very worrisome.
What is your point Chuck? You should be finding ways to save Americans money. You don't need to brag about Trump doing a better job than you
Yes it is time you start to realize voters want Failing Obamacare repealed and replaced. Cut Medicaid and tell the lazy people to get a job.
Who believes the CBO.
Do you seriously put faith in the CBO? They should be hurricane forecasters.
Have you ever accomplished anything? Other than being the world's biggest #crybaby @dems are out for years. Get over it. #MovetoCanada
Democrats goal to have everybody dependent on the government. They want all power over everyone's life.
Exactly Kenneth, democrats can't see past the short term help to realize what the end game is and that's to have complete control
You block a meeting on AMERICANS AND our SAFETY! WE are going to VOTE YOU OUT
CBO scores always prove that the actual is exactly the opposite! So it looks like this medical plan should be excellent!
Frankly we have too many entitlements. You really need to get a grip and it's not Trumpcare!!!!!
smaller government it not your job to take care of us just stand up and do it for yourself  work for you health care
More fake lying news from a nobody!
#TrumpCare = #Covfefe
Could lower spending on Medicaid be bc more ppl would be able to afford to pay for their own healthcare?
you know what's worse Chuck? Yours and Cuomos handling of the garbage transit system in NY again. You see it again today idiot?
Schumer : pandering puppet , his leadership is why his party is dead . No ideas , just hate spewing responsible for GOP shootings God Knows
What about those who currently don't even have any coverage? Remember how Universal Healthcare was left out of the ACA? 
Correction...Still an increase but at a slower rate. Get your facts right and stop with the fake news.
Perhaps if you stopped your obstructionist in chief role, and actually came to Republicans in a constructive manner, America would win.
SoWhat Tha CBO Said all Sorts of GoodThings about ObamaCare that NEVER came Close2ThaNumbers They Predicted. Id Site Them But dont have Time
