Who has the power to authorize a nuclear strike? The president, and the president alone. [Thread] http://n.pr/2xOSota 
It seems shocking that the power was ever given to one person alone.  #PresidentDotard should not be trusted with a water balloon
Im not shocked, im just uncertain if WWIII will begin this year or next year....
Let's pass this bill quickly! He's totally unpredictable and we don't know how long Mueller will take. How can we help speed up approval?
thank you so much... he scares the hell out of me ... No one person should have this kind of power that could destroy our world.



PLEASE HURRY
Thank you Sen Markey. Move quickly please.
Somebody in Washington needs to scream, CRAZY MAN! Trump needs to be committed before it's too late.
Sad that up until THIS president, this was never a concern! #TrumpIsUnhinged #TrumpIsAMoron
Sadly, his tweets escalate. Not saying another government may not consider that aspect, but if not, his tweets initiate the end move.
Our President is doing a very good job.#TRUMP
What planet are you living on? #Sad
- it's OUR planet & nukes don't protect anyone or anything. 45 is too trigger-happy.
Agree #100%
Yes, please.  The world would appreciate the adults taking those codes away from your toddler in chief.
How about enforcing that part about only Congress being able to declare war while you are at it?
Hurry. Up.
Or, you could just remove him! How on earth did you guys spend time writing this bill & not stop & go, "Do you think he's unfit 4 office? If we have to do this to protect the planet from an apocalypse, maybe it's easier to just file for #impeachment " Just use the #25thAmendment
If They Don't Pass the Bill Then the Blood of Millions Of People will be on Their Hands..@SenateGOP @GOP
Get this bill passed NOW. Priority #1
CHANGE THAT IMMEDIATELY!!!!
This is a must.
Thank you!
Yes!
Thanks for that. Hopefully it wii pass unanimously. It’s scary that 45 has that authority.

So what would you have? A system where congress must be consulted first? It takes less than 3 minutes for a nuke to circle the globe....1
So any delays in pushing our own button could mean the difference between firing our nukes or being wiped out before we get the chance. 2
*unprovoked*
Indeed. I do believe there should be greater restrictions for preemptive strike functions
Put him in check before he blow up the country your choice
@MorningEdition @NPR Hurry. Lives depend upon it. Better yet- art 25.
We're asking you to be human, realize the devastation of our people if we do nothing. Don't be a Dem group dummy. #@realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Seems to me that mr Markey's principle is not about sole authority. It is about encouraging fear.
Thats an unconstitutional infringement on Separation of powers, don't do things for optics, do them for the common good.
Please pass this as soon as possible!
When is the vote on this thing? What's the hold-up?
While I do not want a nuke war I must ask why you never cared about the exec orders of 44?
Please add "provoked or" to your bill. Trump can be provoked by a tweet, as a grownup once pointed out. Need the safety catch on his power.
Please hurry!
This is why we have a problem with North Korea. 
ah but what are the chances of the bill passing?  Zilch.  Smoke and mirrors. Kabuki.
Gee, Apathetic Ed, Progressive's tactic of giving away cash & weapons hasn't worked & is reason Rocket Man is still in power ! Dem's Fail !
But it was OK for EVERY OTHER President since Truman who was ONLY President 2 EVER use nukes. Not too bias, are u?
I Have never understood why, in a democracy, this was ever allowed to be the case. Stop this insanity now!! Go @SenMarkey   !!!
PLEASE HURRY
This is really important work. Thank You @SenMarkey @SenWarren @RepTedLieu @RepKClark
Thank you for working to change this insanity. May your bill become law!
You are all so funny! You should all go to your safe spaces now before your heads explode.
Better get on that quick!
Cram it through now!!!
Especially when this particular human being is batshit crazy.
Especially not a mental ill President who is not in treatment
You have no choice but to do something, he’s insane and will kill millions.
Sadly we don’t have a sane human in charge. Hopefully more stable minds will prevail.
Get him a Staples Easy Button and a VHS of The Day After from 1983, tell Trump it's real. In the bunker he won’t know the difference.
Lol
In certain situations, there is not time for a conference to make a decision.  Looking forward to seeing wording.  Define "unprovoked."
1 person deciding what happens to 7 Billion. God how I despise America
Im a bot and i want trump impeached asap. Save humanity, save facebook ads, save tweets, save us all.
Better get it passed quickly. Numbnuts has his finger on the button as we speak
Dear @EdMarkey  - you could also use the #25thamendment to oust Trump.
Won't do any good since he will force the hand. By letting another initiate it he will still win
We don’t need no stinking 3 branches of government. 
Sounds nice, but couldn't this jeopardize deterrent credibility?
This is crazy. No matter who it is they shouldn't have that authority alone. That's asking for trouble!
Do you have enough support and can you fast track bill? Because you’ll be too late otherwise.
Hurry.
Reps will crush it. Because corruption reigns supreme.
How about 25th Amendment instead?
When is it coming up for a vote? This week? Tuesday, unless you work Monday.
This has been the case during your entire polotical career. Pretending it's suddenly a problen makes you look partisan and foolish.
Rand Paul recently fought for this @GOP killed it. They empowered Trump with evil authority to strike anywhere with any weapon at any time.
Just like every other President since FDR has had. All Presidents r Command n Chief, not just Democratic Presidents.
Please and thank you! We can't have this incompetent in charge of nuclear anything! One little temper tantrum and that would be it
We don't need nukes we have MOAB! One of those on Rocket man's next parade problem solved!
My goodness. Do something!! Get him the hell out. 67% of Americans want him gone!!
Not a chance in hell.
Zero-follower bot 
No I'm very real. I don't allow followers. I'm just here to comment when I see stupid shit tweeted by political idiots such as Sen Markey
Oh, so you're a real human. Well, worst of luck to you out there. Buh bye.
No. I'm real. Why do these bots bother?
I'm a far from a bot. You are just a typical liberal who can't get over you are not always right
Dear bot, you can't hurt my feelings. I don't give a shit about your opinions. Gfy
Right back at you. Have a great day
