Obama's farewell speech, nobody really cares.  FAILURE FOR 8 YEARS
I care too, so you are wrong.
couldn't watch someone that is so out of touch pat himself on the back
The next 4 years are going to be rough on you!
next 8 years will be hell for you
Nope, I make my own peace and happiness.  You should try it!
I did years ago.
Can't you tell??? Get a laugh out of getting a rise out of ppl like you
w'll always remember the time u spend us, even christ's did all gud, but stil ppl say he didn't!!
Yes we can Make America Great Again!! Even though u have screwed America up PE Trump will get us back to Greatness!!
see what you did. It's over, America will be back to God
@_Sin_Eater_ this made me think of you   
Thank You, May God Bless
Thank goodness he is almost out
@Zotshokazi30 @POTUS My Obama moment was when he came to SA..we got to dance with him at the gala dinner..
: bragging 
good leader
Good work! #obamafarwell
to apologize for being a LOSER!
your progress has caused upheaval all over the world. I'm sure you're real proud.
Where is home? A barricaded rental place
His presidency had lots of scandals. He continues to lie to us. Happy he is leaving! Maybe he will move into seclusion!
You obviously do not care about facts.
@mrgoldnyc buy @ShakoTshefu products #AfricanMediaGroup #Diamonds #gold #crudeoil
Thank you for the dignity, grace, compassion, integrity and intelligence with which you governed, Mr. President.
Mr Obama you representing,,,our dreams ,,hopes,,, equality,,and stand up 4rigth,,you are the best
wouldn't b able 2 get thru a full taping of my Obama moment..there r so many & every time I think of there family going
couldn't have been done in DC instead of spending the $ to go to Chiraq? Better keep him out of those "gun free zones".
@JanelleMonae @POTUS we wil miss you
Even as a Canadian citizen, I can think of hundreds of moments @POTUS helped make not just America better!
- shucks, I musta missed dat.
That's the great part - FAREWELL!!!
I will miss him a lot
to bad you're yes we can turned into no we couldn't
So? I've noticed NO difference in my daily life with him there or leaving.
farewell !!!!!!! B
Good Job Dude! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump
#FreeOscarLopezRiveraNow
and #YesWeWill
oh dang! How could I possibly have missed it! Let me guess, everything is rainbows and unicorns, right?
@souldancing @POTUS You've been a great captain sir. You steered the ship safely to shore through raging storms. God bless you.
And now we will watch the country move backwards.
sincere thanks Mr. Obama for making this world a better place! We shall miss you...arrivederci from an Italian follower..
ma dopo 30 secondi chi c'è #CheccoZalone?
We gave you 8 years and left us
+ $12 Trillion debt
ISIS importation in the US soil.
You fail.
Sorry #NoYouCannot
Dear Mr. President, you will remain in our hearts, even on the other side of the sea!  Kisses from Italy!!
#Allepo
Good he went to sanctuary city for support!
#YesWeCan
Good riddance
Thank youwe will miss you.
thank you and your family for your service to our great country. #ObamaFarewell  #heismypresident
I'm not American BT even as a Nigerian,Obama has given me hope.No matter my dreams#yesican #ObamaFarewell @ifeduyilee
. He leaves his own legacy Obama is number one 
GOOD BYE and NEVER RETURN under any circumstances.
^ phenomenal video, please watch
so very grateful!!!! You and your family are everything America strives to be! Wishing you the best life!
WOW LOOKING GOOD @Quichofilms
Love you
thank you, thank you, THANK YOU!
Outstanding Service. Thank you. God Bless
@Binc2000 @POTUS Obama please, don't leave us with that orange and his meme wife
 yessssss
OBAMA OUT! THATS ME IN THE END
u always missed & remain in our heart. God bless u & your  http://family.You  did a lot for us. W'll nvr forget.

You managed to fool a lot of people most of the time but now it's time to step down, go home and write a book.

With all due respect to the Office of President, you sir were an experiment gone wrong.
thank God your time is over, this country could not have survived another term with you as president.
and we are forever grateful to him and his
 Not ready for him to go. He's given me so much hope as a Black women, single mom & entrepreneur. God help us.
Keeping hope alive, and keeping it real. 4 more.
thank you for speaking so candid about Race #heartsmustchange
Obama full of gratitude that's what puts him MILES above the rest He fought for all people in USA and beyond
adios. Have waited 8 long years for this!!!
I will miss this President,Vice President their wives,families,administrations every day until sanity returns post-trump
Following @WhiteHouse in anticipation of Trump taking over 
#suregonnamissyou
well it's about time now we can move forward with this country
, I surely am going to miss you President & Mrs.Obama ★♡★♡
His greatest achievement is ensuring little boys can use the girls restroom. What power this man had!!!
#FarewellObama You will always be #mypresident a compassionate leader who epitomized inclusivness, respect & #hope
I feel like I have to apologize that most of us are laughing about #goldenshowers. Thanks Obama! You will be missed.
Your missed one.
Who wants to listen to any more lies?  Go away!
not soon enough  Cya looser
You energy impressed me since the beginning
yeah! That's my Prez! Gonna miss this man more than I can say!
#ObamaFarewell 
Thanks you Obama. You have made the difference! God bless you and American people.
We love you and will miss you dearly!
#YesWeCanKillMillionsOfInnocentPeople
farewell my dearest Obama.  You will always be there for us in our hearts & minds. True American royalty!!
it will be so go good in such an honor to see you leave for good.
Give me a hand and Smile..
.. 
Moving Moving Moving   pack it up!!! Woot woot! 
 1/20/17
NOOO
Please do Americans a favor.  Just stay gone.  Please don't come back.  #worstpresidentever
Don't need your farewell, just go.  You failed miserably.  #worstpresidentever
My #obamamoment was traveling and standing in the rain with Johnny and @DearFreckleGirl  to hear him speak 
What would u say to Austin, his family or the 4 kids that tortured him?
obama you the man!! Thanks for being a class act! Example for future generations to come!! The best president ever!
adopt me already, would you please?
I see u @suboihanglam!! 
More interested in being a celebrity than the serious job he was elected for.

From a 8 year Active Duty @USMC Vet, Just a simple "Thank You" sir.
how???? So scared of where we're headed under the new admin .
Oh my gosh, this is as almost as sad as saying good by to your kids moving out! ((Yes, I did miss them!)
obama makes rainbows from secret Stonehenge powers
I'm sad that POTUS term is up.
Finally!  #endofanerror
May we keep President Obama please and first lady Michelle
#I am gonna miss you ##. Hope Cupit
Essentially, all he did will be repealed, so then what is left of his legacy? Nothing except creating division and hate.
Thank you!  You will ALWAYS be my President!
I have tears to say goodbye
I am so proud to have called you our president for 8 years.   It's heartbreaking to see you leave.
What a farewell for POTUS. Obama care and NFTA gets repealed, along with all of his EOs and his bad foreign policy deals
Thank you for trying to instigate war before you leave office! Tanks create war not peace.
don't let the door hit you in the ass
How many idots will attend the losers speech.
thanks for the blind support morons!
#ThanksObama

agree! Yes we could!
Well, let's see what we would in next 12 years like in Germany. Or 18 like in Russia.
PLEASE DON'T GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this will be Obama's best speech because it will be his last
just thank you - Australians are gutted to see you go #Trump
And you did !!    Divided this country! With the leadership of the republican and gods help. AMERICA will rise above the ashes !
will miss you and @FLOTUS . you are welcome in Dublin Ca! @RepSwalwell
Drop the mic move please
Awaiting your farewell speech soon my president! Been an honor to have worked with you for 10 yrs!Barack
Please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please don't go!
go away
all I want to hear is " Good bye"
park the jet put down the pen and crawl in a hole
Thank you, Mr. President and your family. I have pride in you being my family's President. Godspeed.
thank you President Obama. Best Pres of my lifetime! Wish you didn't have to leave. Best wishes to you and your family
dont let the door hit ya where the good allah split ya. Na na na na na na  hey hey hey gooooodbyyyye
Both u & Michelle r 2 terrific people. U r able to relate 2 all classes and put people at ease. 
goodbye first family
yes we can? It was all BS.
Hit the Road Jack....
I bet he is ready to go. We are not ready though. I feel like he's breaking up with us.
he's got some great new material to use.
And we, the country are glad to say bye bye
.@WhiteHouse @POTUS Yeah, thanks for pulling us backwards while giving the illusion of progress. Worst eight years of my goddamn life.
Thank you.
#We thank @POTUS 4 saving auto industry, economy, 11mil jobs & housing markets! 4 bringing soldiers home frm 2wars & #Obamacare
Good Luck tonight. You are Our Knight In Shinning Armour!
Japan is the war criminal country. Japan can apologize.
#ObamaFarewell
Stay strong and confident. Bring your best as you always do. 
As you moved our country forward, Trump will set us back decades. Lead @TheDemocrats in #TheResistance
Bye Felicia.
@PoliticsVillage @POTUS no no no--you cannot go President Obama
c’ya.
Barack Hussein Obama .
Our best 8 years as Americans! Thank you!
G.O.A.T 
Show us Libya, Syria and other destroyed by @Obama countries.Only hypocrisy and lies is there. People are not stupid!
Bittersweet moment. Truly going to miss President Obama. #GODBlessUsAll
I, for one, am grateful for and to you and your family. Thank you for all you have done. You will be missed SO much..

handle it!
Don't have to anymore!

It's been an honor and a privilege Sir #Africametro
