Can they investigate Hillary Clinton too, for all the crap she pulled, intensive investigation
All of you are only interested in lining your pockets, lifetime pensions even if you only serve 1 term, I wish it worked for me
well then you should probably start investigating Schumer for Treason
don't give up! Don't let #Sessions get away w lying under oath. We deserve better. #SessionsMustResign #Sessions
#SessionsLied
please investigate with the same tenacity as the Republicans used on Benghazi. #russiagate
/ Are you destroying the Democratic Party from what it used be - I think so frankly.
I call BULLSHIT! You're all talk and no action! Investigate yourself and you'll lie saying you found nothing!
@TheBaxterBean Was Sessions theOnly one who broke away from the church group &why him? Usually, church groups stick w/theProgram
don't let up
Like you did when Clinton met with Lynch on the tarmac?!
are you saying Lynch is Russian? Otherwise not the same thing
.....On a tarmac. And because Russians weren't involved, It's ok? You're insane. Get back to me when you have a clue
lets start with #lorettalynch & #HillaryClinton and her #ClintonFoundation. Ur such #hypocrites. #DEMSLie #NeverBelieveADEM
Why are Dems not following up why Loretta Lynch pleaded the fifth amendment umpteen times!
@KlingSteve russophobia. Get help. Maybe we should have a reset with the Russians? We could get a reset button!
He is still just the tip of the iceberg. It's all going to come tumbling down.
Why haven't you done that to Hillary?
they have, the Republican regime has, this is about a republican regime installed to power by Russia, get it??
you people are ignorant Loretta Lynch lied under oath,really?
#fakenews.
Don't do it, it usually takes you right back too your own side. Think, come on, you know this!
.@SenateDems: 1st step of the inquiry: get Trump's tax returns. You can't get to the bottom of it w/o knowing his finances.
#hypocrites #corruptTRUMP #russiagate #Trumprussia #SEWERRATDONNY MUST APPOINT SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NOW... BEFORE ITS TOO LATE
2018 coming to your district voter back lash
@banner108  Jeffrey, This is your story, this is your song now-sing little birdie, sing for your life!
Key word is "fact." Like Loretta Lynch on Tarmac. Or Fast and Furious. Or deaths caused by youtube videos.
@SenMarkey We're coming for you bunch of hypocrites!
go to an elderly home.  It is time to collect social security
SENATOR DIANE FEINSTEIN, Congressional Quarterly News,9/10/13: "I had lunch yesterday with the Russian ambassador." HYPOCRITES.
Trump totally backs Sessions because trump is the biggest violator rules,ethics,conflicts,lies,false statements, and Some laws!!
much ado about nothing. This really lame
yes and that is a good thing. However , you don't use it to chase down unfounded lies.
well Mr. Sessions it is your turn a long with your hommie Trump
I believe you will investigate this as hard as you investigated Lynch and Holder. Thank God for Democrats
This current administration is .. unapologetically .. shamelessly .. hypocritical  
terrorist hypocrites..where were you when mass murderer killary klinton lied 30 times under oath?  Sessions is a good man
AND what about Killarys possible TREASON by selling nuclear uranium to PUTIN>>>>>   What connection does she have to Russia?
Unless it leads to a Democratic indictment
please do follow up vigilantly
Demand Prosecution, settle for resignation If ask is for resignation, you'll get apology If you ask for apology you get mocked.
this is so insane.  Sen Dems keep up the pressure.  Good work!
Are you digging deep on @washingtonpost $600m payoff?
#JohnPodesta the Child Molesters new employer

Nothing to see here
awesome! Can't wait to see what Obama hold over leaked Classified information! #moredemocratbullshit
@SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP 

Resignation is the only acceptable resolution.
This Russia invest. Must now include ALL money trails, real estate, oil deals, deal making prior to inaug. EVERYTHING. EVERYONE.
The comparisons between Watergate & Russiagate ends with the GOP.
vote out Democrats let supporters do their jobs they can't do
lying crying rats Drama
no evidence crack heads
nice try dems your not getting sessions!!!!
I want to know why so many dems voted for a KGB money launder for Sec of Commerce? When will you stand up for America?
Think the Congressional Republicans believe they can "contain" this & still make Trump their right hand with a pulse?
Where in the world do all these Russians come from.
In other words, let you investigate yourselves? 
YOU are the CRIMINALS!

#Warcrimes 

#DemExit #PeoplesParty
inquire just show the evidence like I said smoke an gun DEM's have nothing put it on the web please
PUT IT ON THE WEB NOW COME ON ALL TALK NO ACTION YOU HAVE NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!
What Sessions left off was: "but only when Democrats are investigated." #resign #RussianInvasion  @SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
He must resign. The Republicans are fighting it only because their agenda is threatened and they have no moral compass at all.
Вы Не Можете... Знать... наверняка: По Какому... Компасу И Куда..., Проложен... Курс... - Для Республиканцев.
Are you also going to prosecute #ClaireMcCaskill for lying? #Hypocrites #Witchhunt
proof no want to change! Border practices hire core services are birthcertfact All American. 2-3 rd generations show American©
@SpeakerRyan just another GOP that feels he is above the law and do as he please...he thinks he's better than the American people...
we can only hope you have what it takes to follow through with your words.
Please let this be True!.
