MOST NORMAL PEOPLE BELIEVE THAT THE POTUS BRINGS WORLD-WIDE HONOR TO HIS OFFICE AND TO THE USA
Cite your source?
Alternative Fact: @SenMarkey ‘Can’t Stop’ Demeaning the Senate.
as he is on his way to becoming the most effective president we've had in spite of all the swamp creatures. He scares them to death.
He does. Mostly bc of his effectiveness at disregarding our constitution and system of government.
and exactly how has he done that? don't give me talking points specifics please.
“@greta: .@SenMarkey: Trump ‘Can’t Stop’ Demeaning the Presidency via @MSNBC http://www.msnbc.com/for-the-record-with-greta/watch/markey-trump-can-t-stop-demeaning-the-presidency-974046275821?cid=sm_npd_ms_tw_ftr …”
RINOS, DEMS & MARKEY R CORRUPT! THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT US, THEY CARE ABOUT THEIR RE-ELECTION! RUSSIA DID'NT MAKE ME VOTE TRUMP, HILLARY DID!
You fit right in with msnbc
@SenMarkey, you are demeaning the American history and democratic process by which we, the people, elected our @POTUS
To elect someone rightly who then turns out to b a disaster & to then name that problem is not demeaning but defending our country
To obstruct, smear and resist someone because you did not vote for him is the priblem we are facing in this country now.
if that were correct it wld b a problem and is undoubtedly the problem of some. 4 many others 1/
President Trump said could be tape to get honest testimony from Mr Comey. democrats and republicans want Trump gone
Greta - we do not know what was said between POTUS & Comey. Why would Comey be intimidated if he didn't say something wrong?  Leave MSNBC.
Comey wasn't intimidated. That doesn't mean Trump isn't guilty of witness intimidation. One doesn't have to be successful, to be guilty.
That doesn't even make sense.
One is not legally allowed for whatever pure or virtuous reason to try to manipulate or change another's testimony. It is illegal
Was this man in a coma when Obama was President?
The implication being if u thought one president was bad then that is acceptable for all others?
When are you just going to realize outside of your fantasy lands of NY, DC and the west coast, nobody cares what you say.
Apparently you do.
Yes. I guess I do for the entertainment. Always a good laugh.
Disappointed that well-meaning,decent people I know believe in this horrible fraud and the thug advisors surrounding him in the WH. Stunning
Fraud?  He won. 
The people have been known to make mistakes in voting
Its the media thats Demeaning the presidency. Its Obama that disgraced the Presidency, the demm. That threaten the presidency
It is the truth MSNBC is the worst
Just another politician ignoring the will of the people.
Eddie doesn't have the cajones to say his political affiliation on FB
Are you kidding me. That happened long ago with cigar-smoking Bill Clinton!!
Know you claim to report the "facts" but why are all the Trump ones you highlight negative?!?#resist Trump
Sometimes the facts are simply negative
I have two words for you: Bill Clinton.
One word: worse
and we care what @SenMarkey says because - - - - ?
SEN Marky You have nothing to offer but bile. 
True. Trump is quite capable of destroying himself. He has an admirable start on that
This guy's sole experience with the private sector was driving an ice cream truck
And Bill Clinton's performance in that office was stellar...give us a break @SenMarkey
Seriously  after 
8 years of BHO  Markey full of Malarkey
Ed Markey is the epitome of what's wrong with Washington. He's stupid but never afraid to prove how stupid he is.
Who is Markey anyway, and why would anyone care what he thinks?
Markey demeans free speech and the Constitution with his liberal lying.
Does he remember how Bill Clinton demeaned the Presidency?
Your point being that we should now allow trump to do so?
Then he is in good company with all of you who demean him everyday.
And Greta obviously can't stop tweeting worthless comments from sore loser Democrats as if it is news... 
Sen Markey  Bla Bla Bla Bla Bla Bla Bla .... Stop the negativity already we are TIRED ... get over

 @SenMarkey , you are a nitwit. But a funny one
Pay more attention to your job instead of Trump.
So tired of the mindless banter of the Democrats.  What have they done other than investigate investigate investigate?
what i am seeing is one more politician that is not fit to be in office both parties are guilty of betraying the peoples trust markey is 1

One day when we fall.  With China and USSR in charge  I  think you people on the left  will feel your most patriotic under there regimes
Huh? Where were you from 2008 to 2016?
Love your quote "he only is matched by Wile E Coyote in terms of self inflicted wounds"  on tRump
U might suggest to him that that would include getting tough on Russia.
Greta,  I respect you, but the only way Comey would be intimidated is if Comey had engaged in criminal or embarrassing behavior.  Overblown.
At least he hasn't had sex with an intern in the Oval Office. That we know about...
Maybe she's not an intern.
Maybe own up to the failures of Obama & the DNC. Obama lead from behind, if that's leading, emboldened our enemies diminished  our respect
Where is the Middle Finger button on this site?  Not Greta -but that other smurf
greta Why all the Trump haters on?
Democrats have been demeaning it for years. That's why Trump is in the White House. Greta are the Senator really that ignorant to reality?
Honestly MSNBC is demeaning news as well as this country.
Just frustrates the hell out of you doesn't it Sen. Markey..and that is exactly why he was voted in...to upset the fruitbasket.
These types of newsfeed are the ones costing demcrsts seats and your ratings...
He doesn't get a pass Greta.  He has sullied the office of the Presidency.
Obama wanted to use the Presidency to fundamentally change America.  Thats not the purview of the office.  Trump has it right.
Heard the show today. Usually u analyze evidence unbiasedly but ur showing bias in evidence analysis & like all libs over promising the bad
Were you an attorney? Shouldn't you be aware of 18 U.S. Code § 1512; law applies to legal proceedings. Trump tweet refers to press.
You have no idea what you are talking about. Random citations from legal code with no context or case law shows ignorance.
I live in MA.  He is and was always worthless.
I l
Dem can't stop demeaning the country!!
The only thing demeaning is political hacks like #markey who have made a career out of BSing and getting nothing done. Time for a change
You are the demeaning person sir
That's because he doesn't understand the job
Mr. Frosty? OMG I thought you hit bottom with Howard Dean.
Can't believe we are stuck with this guy in MA. Another one who has been there much too long
All those folks in Iowa seem to disagree.
My friends wondered where you went when you left Fox News.  Now we know, you went over to "The Dark Side"!
He makes it real, love it
All credibility is lost with you
What a bunch of tired meaningless and divisive gibberish. This is all the Washington DC'vers ever say or are long over due for a breakup?
Where & how, pray tell.
Sen Markey sounds like only certain people should hold he office of President.  When did the US have a cast system! Markey is the problem!
I do hope the bozos stay the course because they will lose so bad in 18.  Then we will get thinks done!
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #LM
The democrats 'can't stop' demeaning themselves.
@realDonaldTrump  is a malicious child who isn't even all that smart. If his dad had not left him 1/2 billion he'd be dead today.
Only one demeaning the presidency is the elite in this country. They think they are sooo enlightened that we can't make our own choices
Talk about spin? Other way around!!!!
POTUS might say things, but he has never had sex in the oval office like some Presidents in the past.
And you know this how? Trump is a known womanizer and adulterer. You ASSume he hasn't.
Markey is a joke! Democrats are imploding. No message, no leadership, nothing but obstruction and hate!
Pres Trump talks straight to the people--how refreshing!!!
Dems can't stop demeaning the human race
Really! @SenKamalaHarris = @CAIRNational & Should be kicked out of Government! https://nyti.ms/2sTqyZJ  #WTF #Morbid #Resist is STUPID
Greta, I agree with you, the American people deserve better, great show today!
U: “There’s no good motive for saying this except to intimidate James Comey". Gee, no kidding, Greta? Rest of us already figured that out. 
The media & congress demeans The office/Pres everyday 
Don't play hi & mighty 
U disrespectvoters daily 
We r getting
Wow! Some of us in MA with advanced degrees and full set of teeth think he's doing great.
How Massachusetts keeps voting this chooch in is beyond me I left that state years ago lol
Daffy Duck in "duck season rabbit season
What hole did this guy crawl out of?
shame; mans still a clown after all these years
And @senmarkey can help but demean the senate.

Don't even go there jacko. Your boy lost the house and senate with his shitful leadership. The world laughed at him. Putz.
more sour grapes....go home sen.markey.  hrc is not our president.  Donald Trump is our president.
Den Markey, with all due respect your full of of dem crap.
Empty head; empty words!
Markey you, Pelosi, Warren and Shumer are old news give it up nobody cares what you say, your only message is hatred of Trump, nothing else.
Who cares what he thinks, he's part of the swamp!
#politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts
Yes he can! We out here say he can! Besides, No one intelligent watches MSNBC!
still has derangement syndrome
Even Greta thinks Trump's threat of "tapes" is WITNESS INTIMIDATION!!! 

(@realDonaldTrump's lawyer should get their advance now....)
trump fans see courage/tell it like it is. Divisive & bombastic are interpreted as strength & virtue. Civility, respect & equality are what?
How is Nancy doing?  Oh....
Get to work Sen Markey or go home 
Maybe Trump realizes POTUS is simply a temp job for the people & not a personal crown 4 selfish gains. Just maybe he gets it & whiners don't
I DON'T think he is. That is your view.
Oh Gretta, MSMBC just gets worse and worse. Not watching anymore, that's it I'm done. Get out why you can! Smh
Another hit job from you
Huh?
PS-I also blame BernieSanders Supporters that refused to vote bcuz he lost primary-Nuclear War W Trump safe Nbunker
Maybe we should try to join together besides being negative Mr Markey.
Sen Markey you and your colleagues demeaned the country for 8 yrs-sold our economy to the highest bidder-destroyed HC-fix that first @POTUS
Markey is just the kind of deadwood that makes up the swamp.
You rock Walter!!!! Take care!!! @VP
The only problem is he is showing u up and sticking it to you
Does he have the pose of past presidents? No. The pose of those men lead us to the point we are now on the brink of disaster. Use ur  & 
-don't want2 travel out of country anymore-I'm so embarrassed that he could afford the best hackers 2buy Presidency
Nonsense
Please get some positive Americans. What has he done to make positive change. Drain the swamp
Please keep lying to yourself Senator...
I don't understand these ridiculous type of comments. Especially when congress has a 13% approval rating. Who's actually the ones demeaning?
Exactly.
Yeah Markey took POTUS down on the mat. I hope the next time he makes Cheeto Face tap out and cry uncle! Fumigate the WH!
Trump has no dignity!
This account is a bot
The Democrats are demeaning the Presidency, with all their vitriol, obstructionism, and whining !
Get over it she lost he won #whining
IF Comey was planning on being truthful, tapes would be a good thing to back him up, NOT intimidating!
All talk.We need good jobs,tax cut,healthcare not Russia.Go to work.
We've got jobs already, Republicans want to take our healthcare, and our President being a stooge for a foreign government is a big deal.
Nice description of the last 8 years.
projection
Market=MARKEY. Auto correct .
Is this Markey or Malarkey?
Senate and House demean congress every day with their lies, politics and rejection of the people's electoral voice.
The people voted for Hillary.
Not the ones that counted .
so we agree, he's not the people's electoral voice.
As Greta clutched her "you're shitting me" Pearls....
Why permit such disrespect of @POTUS. Those who do, aid and abet first disrespect, then violence in our country.
Market,  You sir are a fool. The only person that has "demeaned the presidency is obama! Get your dems to help HEAL OUR country.
No, he's just a different kind of President. That's why he won, you jackleg.
So now he decides what's presidential and what's not isn't that up to the voters to decide not the swamp
Voters went for Hillary by 3 million. 306 beltway insiders chose Trump.
I need an Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes emoji.  Wouldn't need 140 characters.

Market is a prime example of why we need #TERMLIMITS
He's got 2 life times to go to overtake Obama's 8 years of demeaning the presidency.
Rediculous we had a pothead and a person who never worked that held the office that is demeaning
Oh please....we had a former President who defiled the Oval Office with an intern. Gimme a break.
My god you are hypocritical
Do tell why?
You whine about Bill Clinton's sex life while voting for Mr. P*ssygrabber
Ah, but his comment was just talk, Clinton actually shoved a cigar up there. So I'm guessing it's kinda different.
12 women say that it wasn't talk
The irony: @POTUS rating are significantly higher than the Senator.  Love you Greta but still trying to wrap my head around the fact you are
at MSNBC.  Morning Joe group and AM Joy???? I don't always agree with you but you don't go into the swamp. May be nice outside of work, but
the vitriol they contribute in this climate is damaging even tho I'm pretty sure they justify in their minds. All this is so below you.
That's not mentioning those like Elise's comments...Just am not able to understand. All that does not contribute anything positive
Sen Markey is a drama queen.
I think the MSM can't stop demeaning the presidency!
Yeah, reporting his actual words makes him look like a total idiot!
Bullshit
I think you are spot on in your observations here, Greta.
Greta was right on tonight.  Bet i know who she will never be i interviewing
Who? All Dems want is tax and spend and fool voters in the " it can work this time" socialism. Goodbye.
It must really suck to be a Dem legislator and know in your heart that you're irrelevant. #LiberalHack
The President has already done more than Markey has done throughout Markey's entire career.
Yep, he's groped a lot more women, stole a lot more money, and leaked a lot more secrets to the Russians
Just keep talking, stay the course, and lose even MORE seats in 2018!
Seems like the democrats are doing that and they just keep losing elections. Please keep using the same narratives.  How about Pelosi 2020!!
Markey sounds like a fish. Trump should take you outback & drop you down an old shithole. HA HA Just kidding. Insults get you nowhere.
MAGA!!
Yeah he's no Bill Clinton.
Hey Greta, do you get to pick your guests, or does MSNBC just frame the narrative?
Demeaning,  as in prosperity?  Tell us,  @SenMarkey, what have you done today to make America great?
Really.   We lived with 8 years of the worst in history and you are just now complaining?   Get a clue about what drives an economy
What did Obama do to demean the Presidency?
He inherited the worst recession in history and saved a lot of ungrateful people.
Right. Look at facts of what drove it.  Also, worst recovery in history...face it, socialism doesn't work....ever
Worst recovery?  Based on what?  The low gas prices, low mortgage rates, low unemployment rate?!  We've never had socialism.
Check facts.  Slowest recovery ever.  Accounting rules drove main issues. Sorry, do research...
Laughing. Whatever 81 followers. Your Tweeter in Chief is already driving jobs away with Carrier and Boeing. Doing great w/ allies too.
Greta can say she's not controlled all she wants....
Right and that's why his support keeps growing.  Keep feeding the false narrative. Last 5 elections. 5 for 5.

Filed under, "Things I won't be clicking"

#MAGA
Greta when did u become such a enemy to trump
