Im old enuf the remember the last "regime change" and it didnt go so well....
Yeah, Hillary and Libya. Total disaster
If u r unable to contribute to the narrative w REAL information/evidence, plz refrain from added ur 2 cents.  Thx!
So you think Hillary's effort in Libya was a success? She seemed to think so. "We came, we saw, he died,” Hillary Clinton - October 2011
When Democrats talk about regime change it is election butt hurt.
If u really believe tht, ur part of problem.  Being intentionally ignorant isn't best look on anyone.  Try 2 keep up if at all possible....
Sounds like your's is really sore.
Sorry, exit only :)
Probably, but what I want to know is: Who's in line to replace Assad? When dust settles, who will lead whole or carved-up pieces of Syria?
Susan Rice should be given the job. She is the only one I know that can lie like a dictator.
If Syria wants a foreign national as their leader, I'm sure they'll ask for your input on their list. 
Flashback: @NYTimes, @BBC: Syrian Rebels Force Man to be Suicide Bomber (Video) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBPX5KS2UsU … Fake News defends terrorists
Who among us doesn't expect to start hearing about chemical weapons caches soon?
Angry Liberal Alert on aisle 23. Engage fire hoses and man positions.
It's a big leap from bombing a parking lot to regime change.
Male politicians want a quick bandage fix;Female politicians understand whole complexity of issue, seek to permanently fix it. #TakeAssadOut
When Obama talked about red lines he really meant he was going to roll over & play dead & wait for a real leader to take care of business.
Did a 7 year old girl tell you this?
And a big distraction from Russian.  We need an independent investigation .
When Pres Obama talked about red lines it's code for allowing our enemies to build up massive military forces at the expense of our allies
More money for the industrial military complex. Mo money mo money mo money!
when was the last time cnn mentioned the multitude of chemical attacks by terrorists in iraq&syria,including w/ sarin
#Assad has to go. He's a war criminal. The longer it takes for diplomats to make it happen, the more innocent lives will be lost. #CNNsotu
When CNN talks about news it is code for neoliberal propaganda.
Uh oh. Look out everyone Jake Tapper got his hands a secret decoder ring and now he can figure out codes.
Of course it is, how else would it occur?  He's hardly going to be verbally persuaded to leave at this point.
Think Iraq and Saddam Hussein. How well did that work out for everyone? How long were we mired in there? This could turn out worse.
Is there anything better than a war to make us forget that bitch Putin?.
We DON'T need WWIII
Why isn't it code for dropping a 2,000Lb bomb on Assad's head .... $20K, problem solved. All about the money not the dictator.
That's a bit of a reach.
That's a terrible code.  I think it's pretty obvious what it means. Maybe he could say "going for a drive" to mean military action?
Funny how "certain" people always resort to claims of others speaking in "code" afterward. Tell me the "code" first and then we will decide.
Just as I could say this comment from Markey and Tapper is them speaking in code supporting Assad and against @POTUS Trump. #ridiculous
Truly yet ambassador Halley doesn't seem to real understand the words she say and there meaning or she is running foreign policy for trump
Uh ... correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't this supposed to have been the big mistake in Libya?
Um...@jaketapper it always was under Obama and so on.  Thanks for finally catching up.  Now report the fqing TRUTH Be a hero for the world
Shock and Awe here we go again!
what is “regime change” code for when said by #resist assholes and their #MSM minions
Break the code. Three letters.
Did you seriously want people to follow a 7 yr old #Syrian girl for news? Who's father is associated with radicals! Is CNN war desperate?
'Regime change' isn't going to happen by magic. It will be OUR military people and OUR money.
If you or anyone else does not see the writing on the wall, you are not looking.  Assad would be best to start hiding.  It is on
..your war mongering Obama occultist views are pretty apparent to the world. The biggest threat to people is Neo Nazi propaganda such as CNN
@SenateDems @RepAdamSchiff @MarkWarner RUMP is leading to war so he can take our eyes offRELATIONSHIP WITH RUSSIA! CAN ANYONE SEE THAT
Fucking. Duh.
they are profiting from this. They don't care what the outcome is longterm.
If Obama had taken action we wouldn't have Nuclear Russia the big player they are now in the Middle East!
Right cause the Dem from MA for the last 196  years (feels that way) is so in the inner circle!  Please
LOL! 'Code'?  You don't need the Enigma decoder to figure that one out, Ed.
Lol! Exactly. I was trying to figure out exactly where the obfuscation was supposed to be!
Getting old...  make up anything you want and call it "code".  Worn out lefty strategy.
Oh they will try..but they better give us and the world a really good reason. We have been down this road b4.
WE NEED A MASSIVE MILITARY BUILDUP IN SYRIA TO STAVE OFF ISIL AND STOP THE MURDERS OF ASSAD AND RUSSIA. IT NEEDS TO STOP!
OR WE WILL HAVE MORE PROBLEMS ELSEWHERE. KOREA, IRAN AND THROUGHOUT THE ARAB LANDS. SHOW FORCE STOP INSURGENCIES THROUGHOUT ARAB POPULATIONS

Back  to #trumprussia
Not much of a code at that.
Send Don Jr. and Eric
If he gets us into a war, he'll miss the days of the 35 % approval rating
Whatever it takes to distract from the fact that every senior member of Trump's team had interviewed for a job with a Russian ambassador.
Which Trump donors will profit the most?
Absolutely not. CONGRESS: get this buffoon out of the Oval Office. Treason is the pressing issue. #IllegitimatePresident #Indict45 #Treason
The problem here is not the regime change.  The problem becomes clear when you look at who is on the bench for the day after regime change.
And a war with Iranian proxies,If not the regulars.
How could he possibly know. That's fake news.
Trump is more desperate than ever to distract from Russiagate.  The obvious conclusion is he knows his time as POTUS will be over.
Yeah, that makes sense.  We are on the verge of war with Russia.  Use your brain
Cannot wait to throw all the shit back in his face that he said to Obama
I am happy with the CM strike, and want Assad gone, but "regime change" hasn't worked out well in the past.  Could just get someone worse.
As usual @SenMarkey shows how far a US Senator can shove their head up their own anus orifice.
Yup
Yet, just a week ago, Tillerson said that the people of Syria should decide.
That will have no results just like Yemen and this castrophy if ignorance
Give them a couple of days to do a 180 on that..this administration is like a leaf in the wind...
Better than the leaf that got stepped on for eight years
Don't do it @realDonaldTrump it's gonna be 10 times worse...
Boots on the ground. 
Not only no. Hell NO!
It's going to happen.
As opposed to playing rock, paper, scissors with Assad over whether he stays or not?
Good
u have been lied to u have no idea Russia/Iran military capabilities in a hot war. 23 0f 50 tomahawks failed good start.
God Bless President Trump and his stellar team!!!!!
Nah, we'll probably be greeted as liberators...
So... same as in all administrations ever?
