Give up CNN public is sick of your Trump hating reporting.
Cnn is giving the Americans what they want to hear, THE TRUTH. DEAL 2ITH IT!
Your opinion. Don't lose it. Delusional.
Correct, my opinion, just as this reply is yours....everyone has one! As far as delusional, thats you trumperteers role, you know, the head
in the sand thing
It is an can be both!
once again cnn not reporting but trying to say okay to kill children and not do anything like Obama the wuss did.
In 2013 republicans wanted Obama to do nothing- now trump commands missile attacks and gets thumbs up- should have allowed refugees into US
Obama wouldn't listen to military advisers fired those who disagreed wanted to look good without doing anything he was/is anti USA
He's not smart enough for strategy so we get tactics
Yeah we need someone like the smarts Obama had. Smart enough to dupe a nation into believing he was an American.
Don't know if that was a dupe but I do know that Mr Trump's ego is going to get us trouble in many ways
Trump isn't a politician so he says what he thinks and careless who agrees or likes.
That's right but it puts us in danger
Another "War of the Deal" adventure? Let us pray...HARD...
All talk from the Democrats never any action.
TRUMP created a distraction, hoped that Americans will soon forget about his problems
It's his Hocus Pocus change the focus. His trickery is getting old. His stocks went up. It was all about self interest. He killed babies. 
4 children were confirmed killed that night along with many surviving that were injured. In Yemen he killed 30, 10 being women and children.
Proof facts what ever you need..It's all over the Web
Oops, skank! @misskaydkay drop da mic.
Yo, for someone who's tweets are majority RT and hides behind a default pic, low # of followers and uses the word "skank"  UR cringeworthy
Lost in translation and cultural difference is why u thought a compliment was an insult. No problem, man. Gif's cool, too
If it translates from to Dutch to English. Skank is a terrible name to call a woman. It's up there with dirty slut. The mic drop was finale.
Anyone reading this PAY ATTENTION . DONALD TRUMP IS NO DIFFERENT THAN ANY OTHER PRESIDENT WE HAVE HAD IN THE PAST .
He is worst 6han any president that we have had in the past..keep drinking the kool aide
What is difference between tactic and strategy? @TehseenAbidi
The beneficiary.
Use to love CNN...now they're very biased...never watch again...
You wont be missed.
Lol
It's sad, no nation came to rescue Blacks out of 400 years of evil murderous White Slavery.
Donald Trumps time of "Great Again".
Lincoln did,,, and thousands in the North died fighting under his command against the south
How did previous admins strategy of trusting Assad to remove his chem weapons go?  Losing your memory Markey?
@GOP was responsible for no #Military action against #Syria when President Obama was in office. Forgot?
Nope.  He didn't need the authorization based on the AUMF.  He just wanted it.
No mind that your recollection of history is different that mine, it's different from EVERY news outlets besides FOX and Breibart.
So who sent troops and authorized the aircraft sorties in Syria prior to the new President taking office?
Just killing innocent people
He has no plan.
He had a plan alright, devert the public eye away from Trump Russia investigation onto another stunt of his!  He is a "Joke in Chief"!!!
That's some really dumb thinking, talk about tunnel vision!
A tactic to raise his poll numbers.
crazy how your words come back to haunt u...
Its always so easy to spot liberal democrats as your guests and your so called reporters boring again.
may be Hilary was right... dangerous...
Trump is our President so respect him!
Trump deserves no respect. Just because he's the so called president doesn't mean he has to be respected.respect is earned.
Let's not fall for the WMD'S again! Show the proof it was Assad that used the chemical weapons.. Assad says he bombed the chemical stash..
He only want to save the people from ASSADISM
ทใรมสาว
Hopeful is NOT ONLY the strategy, otherwise is going to be useless
Tactics pour panics et strategs pour la guerre  .Nirmela.
I hope you can count me(one person) in a state of union with you, wirh USA.
Pozor aby ste nedostali Nobel cenu za mier ako Obama
A 1 OR 2 OR 3 TACTIC ONLY-NOT A LONG TIME STRATEGY.????
hi
Zgx

'gs*::%!3
Equality is earned merit of courage
This is fucked up
Men deserve to reserve the right to be equle
Wait for it . He's not going to tell people like you what he's going to say or do. Discretion is key
Worried about Syrian bombing what about those killed in gas attacks by Syrian.
I believe based on your fired and amarosa it is called scandal collecting insurance
Good morning 
If DT hd attacked & bombed Fiji suddenly 4 no reason at all-t Rumpees wld be Congratulating him!!!
If the Orange guy attacked
Go Dems, Go Dems #MAGASHUAGA
Playing with words..tactics or strategy all don't mean anything to people  dying everyday in Syria
Hmm strategy. Isn't that what you develop when you gather all your resources around you? Trump still thinks he's smarter than the Generals.
Markey your hateful bias of Trum is showing to often.
CNN now trying to take fox down with complaints of one woman and lies from lawyer saying received many.
The Only thing The Manchurian Candidate President has accomplished since Inuaguration is he's raised the Price of a Barrel of OIL!Pipelines?
Yea! A KGB tactic! Notice hwPutin Screams and Cusses but he doesn't do anything to Ruffle the Waters!
He's right!
So True
This is not a game. Trump is playing the real life game of "Risk"
@cnnbrk @SenMarkey @realDonaldTrump @CNN Actually it was a "response" from a strong leader @POTUS Get used to it. This isn't Obama
And there are people who still think DT is original. We're in huge trouble
Go follow this Instagram Page: misspontaneoustv
It's all so embarrassing
Did we even have accurate information?we can't bomb countrieson alternative facts
If he wants to bomb #Syria again bomb the palace where #Assad is
I think he's right that could not possibly have been the "master plan"
And just one missile would have done it ......hence the term " Shot across the bow"
It's neither, it was an attempt at a diversion 
#russiagate
Trump very much lacks on everything upon using military might.
What was Obamas? Oh yeah do nothing that was pretty much his solutions for 8 years 
CNN sucks.  Fake
@jaketapper @SenMarkey @realDonaldTrump calm down, one genocide at a time please.
People gassed by Syria and Trump helped by Killing more for no reason. Gutless nincompoop
The criminal Assad killed hundreds of thousands of Syrian people .heh ,bad criminal
Putin, Rump's business partner is also involved by supporting Repugnant Assad
Fake news!!
Fake news!!
@cnnbrk @SenMarkey @realDonaldTrump @CNN more than Obama. He would invite them for tea in court yard
Syria is not stupid, why destroy a position of strength by a chemical attack civilians, does not make any sense. A rookie set up.
The chemical simply does not pass the sniff test. Less than 24 hours after hearing the US say regime change is not priority,  you gas kids??
Sorry, Ed, DT doesn't know there's a difference...
Dictators Putin/Assad/Trump working together to trick the American people.  Assad's airbase was pretty much empty when it got bombed.
So wrong caused more trouble  Trump is a threat
Smoke screen from other issues. War games. Shameful on all sides!
Who killed who doesn't matter to Trumpsters
How they gonna continue to kill them an make it look as though they do care is the challenge.
PRESIDENT TRUMP's Syrian strategy is on a "need to know" basis for you . RIGHT NOW you don't need to know. Might as well tell Assad.
Muslims kill 48 Christians at church today and CNN has no story...Hummm...Islam the religion of pieces.
Tapper looks confused.
Ed Markey is a senator?
The people of Mass don't believe it either
Kul
Strike is long overdue, is Assad only the best for Syria #smoke him out!
Lived in MA for 58 years. Wow. That's what Markey looks  and sounds like. From 2009-16 we called him Markey Who! Is he a Cherokee too?
you are a joke fake president!
A stupid president like Donald Trump is trying to change focus from Russia connection.Your sins!
of course it's a tactic.  Strategy requires planning and forethought - both are missing from WH.
Democrats had 8 years to address this matter and did nothing, now they are the Peanut Gallary. I hope Americans notices next election
It was a multi-million $ DUD. Trump'd done more damage if he'd flown to Damascus & bopped Assad!
Another worthless Democrat politician chimes in on something they know nothing about.
Trump intentions for strike was meaningless, it wasn't to help Syrians attacked with chemicals, strikes were to help him look better, FAKE
American shits killing innocent people..
You know nothing over there at CNN. Speculation is not News.
Then keep watching Fox fake news
Wouldn't surprise me to discover 45 and Putin staged this to divert attention from their previous collusion.
If it wasn't for the sore hillary supporters, this country would be a much better place, all these attacks on Trump with out substance
just started focus on Assad face don't kill the innocent ppl 
Right! Like when Obama found and offed the head of Osama Bin Laden!!
Markey is an idiot. Obama is the one who failed Syria, Russia did what Russians always do.
I haven't heard you say sanctions on Iran
duh! Was there anyone who thought @realDonaldTrump had a strategy?
This guy an idiot, what about China sanctions ? Sanctions don't work look at the last eight years. Who talking regime change ,tunnel vision
Kaine:"we dont hve a country whre a Pres can launch a missile strike whenevr he wants".Except Clinton in '98 against Al-Qaeda in Afghnistan?
just another impulsive act.  Base is still in use.  Bombing raid went out again. No real change


Its more like a sucker punch.  Especially after Trump's rhetoric over the last few years.
A tactic that make it look like trump is not involves with Russia he is playing with a fire
@jaketapper @SenMarkey @realDonaldTrump @CNN no shit!
This is the only thing they can come back with. This is not necessarily a tactic needed at this point. Let's see what develops first.
A failed one at best
Lol he would need a missle they might gag to much pollution matter fact speaking of pollution let's turn a middle over to louisville CW miss
I think the word you're looking for, Senator, is "stunt."
So.. there's this bully who u prefer not to tangle with. What to do? Well... U kick another bully's ass, to show that he could be next!!!
But a tactic in service of what? Trump has no strategy.
Markey? NO ONE cares what Markey thinks about anything. CNN pandering to Dems again.
It's worst that D trump attacked base in shaam
Precisely!
A disteaction, not a tactic nor a strategy - Russiagate - @latimes @washingtonpost @NewYorker @anamariecox @maggieNYT @Bloomberg @WhiteHouse
BE WARNED, 45. Troops R real ppl w/real lives. DO NOT SQUANDER THEM.  U/ur ADMIN/Family members , better think to the endgame b4 WAR.
True, for example, disagreeing with everything Trump does or says, NO MATTER WHAT, is a strategy. A shitty one but...
this is like eddie izzard's bit about the heimlich maneuver "well, it's more of a maneuver!"
I THINK THAT CONGRESS SHOULD START IMPEACHMENT AGAINST TRUMP INSTEAD OF CHEERING HIM MAKING A WAR
AMERICA IT IS STARTING WHAT NEXT NORTH KOREA SINJS OUR TARGET TRUMP SENT OVER THERE WORLD WAR 3 NX
Jake, I believe if we're to really understand the complexities this, we should get the wisdom of an 8 year old!  Just sayin'
No kidding!  Has this admin shown any capability to pull together a strategy except for distracting from their inadequacies or bad decisions
A tactic to line his pockets and divert attention from #Trumprussia
You have him confused with the thieves in your Democrat party. Communists and pedophiles.
Because tactics doesn't involve strategy and vice versa
Just a show.
It's part of his overall strategy in ME to respond quickly to terrorism. We know, you're used inaction. You don't understand.
“@CNNSotu: On #CNNSOTU @SenMarkey says that @realDonaldTrump 's missile strike is a "tactic, not a strategy." http://snpy.tv/2nQVDqO ”
@SenJeffMerkley You took the words right out of my tweet! Thanks for opposing every lunatic thing Trump does. #TrumpStillUnfit #ojtPOTUS
The U.S. just found out last tuesday that Syria still had chemical weapons. So no, we had no strategy. We believed BO. We will get one now.
Hilarious given Trump's inability to pull together and execute a strategy on anything  related to running the country
Amen
It's a distraction not a tactic
Easy for you to say dam if you do dam if you don't, stop criticisms and support our President decisions .
The show should be renamed #DNCTalkingPoints Who really cares about a #CNN show ostentatiously called #StateOfTheUnion
The people of Syria don't need more missiles. They need a realistic, articulate plan to safety.
Oh you mean like the one Obama had. Yeah, right!!
AIPAC Israel 1ster Kushner had @realDonaldTrump push Israel Lobby agenda vs #Syria: http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ … #FireKushner
@CNN @SenMarkey @realDonaldTrump #ClintonEmails also pushed #Syria regime change for Israel: http://america-hijacked.com/2016/03/22/clinton-email-shows-us-sought-syria-regime-change-for-israels-sake/ … #SyriaStrikes
واو
I thought @SenMarkey was dead
How did strategy lead from behind work out or cross red line and their will be consequences?   Cruise missiles sent message to many nations
Yes but the tactic has removed the Russia story out of the media for a bit
Which was probably the real purpose all along
