Fake News
Tell me how
Does anyone take this seriously? He was not my first choice but America wanted an outsider. He's from Queens, is in unfamiliar territory
You realize when you're president, public words mean something right?
A politician does but America wanted someone who talks like they think,  unfiltered.   He's from Queens. do you know anyone from Queens?
I know hebwon the election but most of America doesn't want him and didn't vote for him.
the office of President should be shown respect.
Tell that to @realDonaldTrump
He'd love that! But he's not all wrong really. The media does seem to be on a constant attack. He asked for it though by acting outrageous.
It's not an attack if Trump is being outrageous and violating the oath he swore to uphold. It's simply reporting on the actions of the POTUS
I'm not defending Trump. But the way I see it is that the media is now trying to kill the monster THEY helped create. I'm sick of the topic!
No ? the media, all media helped DJT's rise 2 the OO by giving him ridiculous amts of free air time. Even so, the media must report on 1/2
His actions & performance as President. It's not favorable coverage. But it's due to his abhorrent behavior. Not their reporting of it.
BS
Do you even read the constitution?
He doesn’t know how to read.
Whaa mow ur crying because of the shit you spew
IT'S TIME FOR REVOLUTION
Venezuela.
Korea.
Cuba..
Suppression of the Press...
Good they shouldn't promote lies
He has tasked his Minister of Propaganda, Joseph Goebbels, to look into it.

Why arecyou normal whites letting this demon run president crush this homeland of ours, us minorities are helpless it takes whites to fix
Hitler got rid of the media first also. What an abuse of power and using our tax dollars for personal vendetta.
When did our president become a dictator
On 11/9/16
SUE and SEIZE his ASSETS...
RACKETEERING, MONEY LAUNDERING, REAL ESTATE FRAUD...TAX EVASION...
Enough is enough already. Get Trump out of the White House
He’s coocoo!
And yet, twitter did not suspend his account 
@NBCNightlyNews Need to stop #fakenews, especially when nuclear crisis is involved. So irresponsible, and life threatening.
Trump Presidente amenazó a NBC usando el poder!!!

  Homo neanderthalensis u Homo sapiens neanderthalensis ERECTUS
Not a good businessman.
He has totally lost it.
I wonder if Trump ever heard of the 1st Amendment. Seems he thinks he's a dictator & makes the laws. Why is this misfit able to unravel USA?
Media freedom ... anybody?
Caesar uses the power of the state at will, to settle even personal scores and vendettas.  What a time to be alive!
The liberal media is engaged in Slander against the President daily. Their license should be revoked.
Dotard
He needs to b shut down
With each new Tweet and words spoken Trump continues to prove how stupid he is. The world laughs at Trump throughout each day
About damn time! You all need to be held accountable for all you do and say! @POTUS
Fascism at its best. Free press is to protect people from tyranny. @realDonaldTrump - grow up and stop whining.
A fine example of Trumpo-Nazism
@nytimes is next!
Line up the lawyers, roll up their sleeves
Is it me, or does this administration plan for full employment for all lawyers?
Not fake news just Liars
I think we need to consider that we have a fake President!
Mr. Trump can you spell dictator how about authoritarian despot how about unhinged idiot.
You are such a fool. Do you know you are the oldest bully I've ever seen!!
@Verizon frequencies monopoly 3rd party #poa not me as U'S sea of llc registry THEiR licence @morning_joe right free speech #dail9 admin§
Gag the press, worked for Hitler.
Great to hear we stand up to fake news
If @realDonaldTrump acts against the media, it would end his presidency. Over, done, kaput.
Is @POTUS  following some kind of Hitler guidelines book or something... Here's something to read Donny, the 1st Amendment! Where's that IQ?
First Amendment to the constitution
FCC & DOJ needs to investigate the Mainstream media for colluding with each other to undermine the Presidency of the United States
Putin and hitler would be proud. Dont forget,bannon the puppet master
Where are the jobs he promised US citizens? Where's uncle Ben when you need him?
Why the hell is he elected? For this? US becomes a joke with him.
He thinks he is a dictator. Lets show him America will not allow it. Email your reps and call and snail mail daily. #impeach
He thinks he’s a king or a dictator! Stand up to the bully GOP!! He’s disgraced the office enough.
wouldn't that violate oath of office,  preserve & protect constitution (1st amend)?
Good!
But to be honest, you have to also report the good things. Then nobody would have any complaints
http://www.equalrightsamendment.org  Time for Nation to FINALLY ratify Equal Rights Amendmt. Effort started in 1972. Need 3 more States. Let's do this!
He isn’t just threatening NBC, he’s threatening all of us. Isn’t there anyone who is willing to stand up to him? Then we all must! #Resist
It is possible to be honest AND negative. Sadly you all are very rarely honest. President Trump has done nothing but improve our country.
Didn't you guys get raked over the coals just yesterday for intentionally misconstruing the nuclear weapons comment?
Now this 
#Credibility
Maybe if the media actually told the truth and facts, instead of just slandering the President things would be different.
I will turn to NBC now, more than ever!
Keep reporting
Trump campaigned on increasing the arsenal.
May he fail spectacularly. #FreePress
It's the fascist way!!
DO IT
Get them Donald
Shock horror
@POTUS has never read the constitution, he threatens private citizens, businesses declares war via twitter, He has to go.
No. He just asked a question. #FakeNews is cornerstone complaint for @HillaryClinton. When lies are reported as news, when is it not news?
Once again trying to go after the media bc they r not "treating" him right! This shouldn't be tolerated by @GOP. President abusing his power
Dictatorship
@ceciliakang @peterbakernyt @sbg1: @realDonaldTrump never thought he had smarts/discipline to measure up to his dad’s expectations felt 1/2
2/2 he was justified in lying, cheating, stealing for money & his dad’s love. Threatening media was part of his strategy for dad’s love but.
3/2 games & lies & threats he now sees have diminishing returns in @potus fishbowl and now the word is out about #TrumpMicropenis @Acosta
Hmmmm maybe because NBC is going to release something on him????
stop i need to get off...
Fascist much???
And America complacently allows a dictator to continue in office. Yay I guess.
They’re doing their job. They’re also doing the right thing.
Trump out. By any means necessary.
@realDonaldTrump The FCC regulates the media and they in turn report on you. You don't get to tell them what to report on.
about time
@GOP On 1/20/17 45 took an Oath 2 uphold the Constitution. Yesterday he grossly violated that sworn oath. Anything 2 say? #traitors
Disgusted. Check out Ben sasse's statement.
That's 1. 239 to go. I won't hold my breath. Waiting for SHS 2 say it was a joke.
This A$$hole really does believe he is King! I'm sure as POTUS you must have something more important to focus on.
???  Propaganda
Trump thinks he is king, He is barking up the wrong tree. The American people will never let anyone take the 1st Ammendment away ever!!!
Here we go again, the bully fake president wants it both ways. Abuse of power from the WH. As a businessman, Trump would just file a lawsuit
@SpeakerRyan is Dictator Trump’s great enabler Wake up Mr. Speaker & use your power #ImpeachTrump
FDR created the FCC
No wonder I can’t sleep 
Please hurry Mueller
That isn’t the way it’s supposed to work.
That guy running the FCC is a bad hombre too. Watch out everybody. Hey where’s my constitution ???
Abuse of power!
Lying and keeping critical information from the public should be a crime...if citizens lie to gov...it's a felony
what's happening in PR? you know, that place that you care about so much except when you don't.
oooooMy more mess if the white men not getting along that means look out people anger they may cause us small people stress in whatever 
All news outlets should join together and blackout all news about #DotardDonald.
I wonder how this malignant narcissist sociopath conned over 62+ million voters? Not one of them saw any of this coming?
Well they can't report news accurately #FakeNews #ProjectVeritas
This from a president that gave away classified information to the Russians who were visiting the white house.
No way !!!!
Any 1 beliving @realDonaldTrump's fight against the media deserves 2 b laughed at. This is so obviously a child crying 4 not getting his way
He proves the vindictive quality of his character daily. He reacts to narcissistic injury as malignant narcissists do-wrathfully.Dangerous
Please keep making the case to eliminate the FCC.
@PressSec was 45's statement 2 take away NBC's license a joke? Asking because if not, he violated the oath he swore to uphold. #enact25now
Actually, he didn't, but wasn't expecting objectivity from those who publish "all the lies that are fit to print".
Do not run from him news organizations. Now is the time to CALL HIM OUT. Expose everything you know. NO holding back!!
#trumpunfit
that is #Fascism ... one day you will have the guts to stand up as a free press and say it!
I'm hope it's another one of our clown in chief's 'jokes'. Right, Sarah Huckabee?
Dangerous territory. Supporters be careful about what you wish for.
That sound of crickets chirping brought to you by the GOP.
NYT u better watch it
Not much different then in 2009 when Dems threatened to use gov power to target conservative talk radio with the "Fairness Doctrine".
WithTrump's attacks on the free press,now is the time for mainstream media to re-double its efforts to expose Trump and hold him accountable
Mueller impeach da gutter trumpet sooner!
#UnFuckingFit
He's now targeting a entire network. Next it'll be the Govmnt should be In charge of media to keep them in line. Sound familiar?
Where is @GOP devotion now? Here's their chance to speak out and protect the Constitution?
Every morning I wake up to see what fresh hell President Mongo has created for us. Just one effing morning I'd like no crazy news.
so you don't like to hear the truth? typical for cry-babies!
More like I'd love for our leadership to have better truths.
SnL gonna love this
but where is your Hilary email story?
That seems to have lost traction with trump-a-tears since the whole Jared-Ivanka email $#!t hit the fan base.
Dangerous move!
Well of course, they are actually reporting what an embarrassment Trump is- he'll try to bully all of them except fox "entertainment" news and Brietbart- that's what wannabe dictators do- first step is shut down free press GOP always cries about media
he doesn't understand the historical power of being president. It's a government position, not a private executive position.
The only question should be: Did NBC report correctly on nuclear arms report?

Good no one in the WH is related. Oh!  Wait...
Wow, straight from the doctrine of Facism 101. Silence all those who question or ridicule.
@realDonaldTrump Fake media n news channels r on nerves of ppl worldwide uncontrollable
Right, calling for truth is dangerous these days!
I presume this holds true for the foreign press as well!?
Yes, I did. "..been more bark than bite! Should Trump silence the press over it's lies? No! Should this hold true for foreign press,too?Yes!
#Trumpisacommunist

Now after NBC!
News Crowd: Should we share this headline with voters? President Trump threatened to target NBC using... #TrustNewsAgain #TNA
