Sad state of leadership!
Yah think? What a stupid thing to say, seriously. Someone needs to take Trump out of the WH NOW. #25thAmendmentNow
45 likes big fights n he will say anything 2 keep the focus on him.so far news media has been his big fight, is he getting bored?
But we don't have Kennedy.
Kennedy had seen war 2 n held off on what his military advisors recommended,45 knows nothing abt.war let alone a battfield
Scary times, even scarier POTUS!!
"Fire and fury" 
Trump think we have dragons 
The Mad King about to drag us into a nuclear war!!
Trump saw this last Sunday and declared to NK "fire and fury".
Don't even hint at a comparison of Trump2JFK-what an insult to the Kennedys.Yes, we're in a huge crisis but this is because of an ineptPOTUS
@allinwithchris True
Except John F. Kennedy was an incredibly intelligent person, capable of strategic decision making.
and he had seen war
Amazing work!
I miss JFK.
Yes but JFK was not bat shit crazy for that matter neither were  Khrushchev or Castro Trump is not like those men
I fear we are 2 seconds away from blowing up the world & I am scared

"We will handle North Korea....We handle everything." 
https://www.youtube.com/embed/QlUT1V5Iskw …
where r the facts,details,this stmt means nothing
@chrislhayes @SenMarkey @MSNBC "Mr President, I knew Pres Kennedy, you're not Pres Kennedy".
Except there's no JFK to save us.
Kennedy n Stanislav Petrov2 prevented nuclear war.Kennedy had seen war n held off.Petrov ignored message from satellite that malfunctioned
One that our president is escalating
Great, and instead of JFK we've got Dono the Narcissistic Jackazz Clown leading us. I couldn't feel more confident.
Well, that makes me sleep well. Thx
... but without a proper president to navigate this. Leaving #Trump in charge now is foolish and dangerous.
The Stupid Missile Crisis.
Mattis needs to tell him to shut the f... up.....
I don't feel safe. Trump mentally is not capable. Seriously. Impeachment or America is in trouble.
American is already in trouble and has been since 01/20/17. Trump needs GONE NOW. #25thAmendmentNow  #ImpeachTrump
Interesting read! 7/25/17 NORTH KOREA: HOW KIM JONG UN’S FAMILY WAS PICKED BY RUSSIA TO LEAD AND THREATEN AMERICA
Get Pope Francis involved.
A page from Ian Fleming books, if Russia or China nukes Guam, Trump will think it was North Korea and start a war.
Trump is as far from Jack Kennedy as you can get though. These are perilous times.
Fortunately, #nuclear #deterrence is based on the "Rational Actor" model of human behavior. And we have #Trump + Kim. So. This. Is.  Fine.
This is a tad hyperbolic {{ I hope I don't eat those words }}
Except we are the Russians.
Only diff is then we had a sane President who cared about US,also a war hero.
Nevevr fear to negotiate. It's  time we grow the F up  start acting like adults  USA human Lives are NOT up for negotiation.#AllLivesMatter
Col. #LawrenceWilkerson says he's "incredibly concerned" about Trump's handling of #NorthKorea  #inners
@mtatulli BTW, Col. Wilkerson was Chief of Staff for #ColinPowell not "hair on fire" guys or #fireandfury
With the village idiots behind the Resolute Desk. #LawdHaveMercy #Trump
The only problem is we don't have John Kennedy! We've got Elmer Fudd!
#25thfor45
John F. Kennedy wouldn't foolishly threaten to nuke another country. We need a wise courageous leader. Congress remove @realDonaldTrump.
Cold war all over again.
I think we are witnessing the lengths that Trump will go to in order to distract from Russia investigation.
You are a Senator!  Pull the Dems together and non crazy Reps and stop this insanity!
Colonel you had on was a no nonsense bad-ass! Who was he? Is he on Twitter?
But this time, it's two delusional narcissistic dictators squaring off. Oh, and did I mention that neither is especially bright?
Without JFK...
@chrislhayes @SenMarkey @MSNBC No. Kennedy wasn't crazy.
I believe I predicted this. Trump is going to get us all killed.
Well Said, I LIVED thru that one, I would like to Live thru this one.
#StupidMissilecCrisis created by#FakePresident

Except JFK had a brain and was lucid. Doofus45 is just wetting himself at the thought of military action. Boys with their toys.
Dear Vice President Pence. Invoke Article 25 now! It's time.
The result will not be a peaceful one, as Jack Kennedy wAs able to create! Trump doesn't think before he threatens! Jackass!
No, Kennedy was SANE, level-headed and understood history & threat. This is 10,000 worse.
But without intelligent leadership.
This is no joke. We don't have a Kennedy. We have an asshole at a freakin golf course trying to start a war.
Notice we're not talking about Russia.
waiting on that wilkinson interview. Please post the full interview. Thanks.
The difference being that we completely brought this crisis on ourselves. We are being led by a large child. This has to stop.
But unfortunately we don't have someone anywhere near the stature of Kennedy to thwart the danger.  Instead we have a toddler in office.
Sure, if it's an extremely dumbed-down version of the Cuban Missile Crisis with two idiots in charge instead of JFK and Khrushchev.
#StupidMissileCrisis 
a bit hair-on-fire, don't you think? This isn't helpful.
And Trump is...
With a president that is no JFK.
No, we are not.
I would say this is a tad bit over the top.
GOD HELP US! GET THAT LUNATIC OUT OF OUR WH  ASAP!!
Trump's going to get everyone killed. What he fails to realize is that he'll die, too. He's probably ok with that b/c it'll take care of RU.
he was told NK should be his top priority. He's let it get away from him now all bluster
he's the kind that will use them just to say 'see told you I wasn't a wuss'. That scares me
No. It's potentially worse.
Completely different. This time too many idiots are provoking it by retweeting everything and offering up stupid opinions
@EvelynNFarkas: #NK talks like that cause their the little guy. @realDonaldTrump talks like that cause #trump's a #little #mind. nuff said.
with ridiculously stupid people making the important decisions.
Remember when Trump said he wants to use nuclear weapons? Only months into his Administration & he turns to nuke war instead of diplomacy
Well we don't have a JFK at the helm. That's for certain.
From #TraitorTrump's new book "The Art of War": "If you ever find yourself in the presence of a hornet's nest, give it a good swift kick."


STOP TRUMP! !!!!!!
Except both parties are looking for an excuse to USE the weapons instead of a way to back down.
