Reports show more Mexicans leaving the U.S. vs coming in. So what's the point of the Wall & why would U.S. trust anything Trump says
The gross number of drugs coming in. You are delusional sir!!
Population control is U.S. problem. Unsolved inner city killings has nothing to do with Mexico. White Republicans fear becoming minority's
The "White Republicans" don't bring up race. It comes from self conscious guilty liberals who need illegal votes to push their agenda!!
The White Republicans display their racist views everyday. Look at the new WH. Wake up.
Name one racist remark that came from Trump or his administration and please be specific!!
Central Park 5. Even after they were found innocent, Trump still pushed to get them locked up, not renting to blacks, & PRES. Obama
After the overturned convictions he stated his opinion based on the statements from the investigators and the admissions of guilt. He didn't
We are paying more in tax $$ to support illegal Mexican aliens than the cost to build the wall. Building the wall Is a no brainer Chuckles.
Do you have hard statistics to back up your statement?  If so, publish that link.

 Heritage 
Oh no, more laughing faces. Scroll to bottom of Heritage article. Everything is sourced. Find something to dispute let me know. Thanks!
Or a green card to access these benefits. The article claims illegal aliens are accessing these service & thus costing tax payers $$

@SenateDems Have you even tried to reach across the isle to work on a better solution or are you just obstructing progress as usual?
The R's obstructed for 8 years. Mitch McConnell proudly said they would, on camera, at the beginning of Obama's 1st term. Have u got amnesia
Really!? 8 years?  Seems Dems had enough control to ram Obamacare through w/out a single Republican vote. How were they obstructed again?
If that's the case, let the R's ram thru with the wall w/out D's.
We have a thing on the right where we don't just band together on anything with an R next to it. We vet everything and actually read it.
You vet everything so I guess all of this Russian involvement with this administration is ok with you. That says all R's are traitors.
Hmm You won't see this because you posted before I could respond, but please do present any evidence you have that there's Russian influence
Ted Cruz has the best idea.
Democrats don't want money for the wall because your not for Americans.

Politician Chuck Schumer in 2009 was "#BuildTheWall" Somehow his position has changed with a republican in W.H.   
.@SenateDems @realDonaldTrump We don't care if Donald pays for it himself with back taxes, WE DON'T WANT A WALL AT ALL! With Love, Arizona
A few years ago the Democrats were wanting the wall built. Hillary Clinton was one of them.
They will Chuck. By way of things coming into the country. Border taxes, etc. or did you forget that?
Impeach this bloviating embarrassment
Money should already be in the budget, passed years ago. #schumershutdown
#GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown
We want the Senate Intel Cmte to devote full time staff to the Russiagate investigation. Time's a wasting & nothing happening!
@POTUS you have the ability to do something yet you are surrounded by leaches that helped you. You know that money should be going there.
The Senate Democrats Socialists don't want America secure and safe. #schumershutdown
#GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown #GOPShutdown #TrumpShutdown
We are not paying for that white elephant monument to bigotry
Ever seen a gated community? How about the wall on the southern border of Mexico. Israel's wall? Walls have a function. Acknowledge that.
My argument is not about walls not having a function. My argument is this wall is a waste of money as many experts have said.
Just as many have pointed out it has it's upside. But, that doesn't serve the narrative or fact that many nations/communities have walls.
To keep"others"out,curtail community&insulate themselves from people who don't look like'em.Their churches've shown exclusiveness by example
Just one question, then you're blocked because I tire of your hypocrisy & lack substance in your arguments. 

Do you lock your doors?
Over and over trump insisted Mexico would pay. Before this phony's campaign I NEVER heard Americans insisting on a wall. Repub wish list???
The wall is just another vehicle to rally the far right base.
Oooorrrrr,... it's a hoped for way to regain our sovereignty -
Like the American Indians lost theirs.   Didn't know we had lost it.
What I meant by that was that our sovereignty is being diluted by an increasing apathy and awareness of what this Nation originally was -
Please elaborate, what is it that you'd like to "return" to?
Times when people respected our flag, not using it as a sweat band, when people worked to become an American citizen, not invade 4 handouts.
Immigrants are less disrespectful & get less from gov't than native born. Racist rhetoric and fear are easier tactics for winning elections.
I don't care who he thinks will pay for this ridiculous wall. It probably is just a backhanded money making scheme for himself anyway.
Thank you @SenateDems for reminding the people of @realDonaldTrump's actual words and hopefully he can make good choices regarding shutdown
Shut down is no big deal. Reid & obama did a fake shut down. Closed vets memorials like cry babies. Only to back pay the workers.
No, we just don't want a border wall, period!!!
Top funny. Hillary and Obama....oh, and Bill Clinton all wanted a border wall and voted for one. Hypocrisy.
Gee Kristi did they PROMISE that Mexico was going to pay for it ?
So much winning 

#LickAWitch
If Obama would go away and enjoy retirement like other Presidents always have we may not have to think about his America hating arse anymore
Obama isnt old enough to retire. now trump on the other hand.... needs to be put in a home.
Retirement isn't always about age. Unfortunately, some ppl will have to work until they die. Others make 400,000 for speaking.
Or, get an inheritance from daddy.  Not outraged about that, huh?  Hypocrisy.
But when you start from nothing yet resume includes undergrad degree from Columbia, law degree from Harvard, civil rights attorney...
We don't want a wall, because we are a party of the people. That means that we do not support bans or walls. We support legal immigration.
You the party of hate, violence, disrespect. We see it everyday. I.E. Berkeley. You don't even know what sex u r our what bathrooms to use.
Stand firm,Dems!There is a crazy man trying to steal billions from hard-working citizens while insisting we cover his golf weekends!Stop him
I forget. Did you and your ill raise hell about Obama's endless golf outings? At taxpayer expense? Asking for a friend.
If Obama had spent $10million for 3 weekend golf trips in his first 100days while his entire cabinet is under investigation?Yes,I would have
Again, hysterical rhetoric. His entire Cabinet is not under investigation. Google the number of Obama golf weekends compared to other POTUS.
Google it for the 1st 100 days-and then get back to me.
Unprecedented.Criminal.$elf-$erving...Own it,fella!
Are you aware Obama vacations cost 85 million dollars over 8 years?
Trump-being the overachiever that he likes to think he is, is on track to spin at his first six months. Woo hoo
I notice you don't have anything to say about the Obama record. The facts speak for themselves and to your rank hypocrisy. #selectiveoutrage
Actually we don't want Mexico to pay for it either. #DumbIdea that solves nothing.
President Trump said early on that he would build it and they would pay it through taxes or through trade
If you are so dead set against "the wall" then why don't you have all border fencing torn down!?
Could we get military officers promotion confirmation done? #supportthetroops #promotethemnow
If building the wall keeps criminals out of this country then build it! Use money seized from cartels.

#BrokenPromise U can keep ur Dr., pensions must be protected, transparency will be the touchstone, wait-what..that was the last POTUS?
Fool'
Dont be stupid.  The wall is a silly idea.  Just stand up and say so.  Got a problem with that?
Plus it's dumb and disgraceful.
And you can keep your health plan. Period.
Whtpy protect our people when you can play politics with safety
I for one didn't want the stupid wall under any conditions!
45, forget the damn wall already!
Put wall on hold until after the impeachment trial.
Honestly, I don't want Mexico to pay for it either.  It's useless and will only line the pockets of overpriced contractors with Government $
Do you realize that people can go over walls, under walls...& around walls via boats. Or are you going to wall up our entire coastline, too?
Actually, I don't want our money-any money-going to the wall because it's a cruel, useless, ruinously expensive, bigoted bad idea. #NoWall
The argument should not be about who is paying but why is a wall being discussed at all
That's not the only reason.
I don't want money for the Border Wall because I don't want there to be a fucking border wall. Mexico can keep their money.
Besides, walls are stupid. #NoWall
How about you do something about the Russian ties. Don't let this go to waste. Don't get distracted
@realDonaldTrump Senator you and Nancy are really becoming a disgrace to America from your Morality to your Patriotism no American bone!
Mexico should be ally, Canada should be ally. REAGAN: TEAR DOWN THIS WALL!! #Resign  @realDonaldTrump
@POTUS no solo quiere construir un muro irresponsable y devastador en nuestra frontera, ademas engaña y nos quiere estafar con la cuenta
Our social safety nets and infrastructure r being decimated for a wall. What was last estimate $ for wall? What is ROI of this wall?
You did vote yes on the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (Pub.L. 109–367). So little done since Jan 2009.
We don't NEED a wall. A wall is not going to stop anything other than migrating wildlife.
Exactly! #notmypresident #disgustingman #cantlookathim #ineedsomesleep
No border wall needed.  Pay people to increase security makes more sense and less dollars.
know illegals & other fraudulent votes went to Dems. Do what CITIZENS want or you 2 WILL BE VOTED OUT along w/ other gone Dems.
When @realDonaldTrump collects $s from Mexico or its citizens and it goes to gov are Senate Dems going to block the Wall?
someone.    Trump,GOP, their awful policies. We're counting on you to not repeat the mistakes of 2016.
free college for 2 years, it wasn't so radical then was it? Come on dems, there comes a time when we have to run on something & not just c/
would be another great point to run on in 2018 and following the lead of NY,perhaps a push fir college free tuition. When PBO proposed debt
Now the push 4 expanding Medicare begins right? We could lift the caps on Social Security & strengthen it too.A 21st Century Glass-Steagall
If Trump believes Mex. will pay for the wall he should find it himself and get his them to repay him.
Well, the Democrats can't even #house all #Americans...so there!!! And the fact all of you can't get #SinglePayer accomplished...beyond me!
We will build the wall. American people know who is causing trouble.The @SenateDems and @HouseDemocrats. You sill be voted out.
Hey @realDonaldTrump real this is not ur own business that U can lie &cheat 2 make $$ from. This is government which stopped U from scheming
I think you NAILED him.#RESIST
There is no way that the American people should be duped into paying for the wall. As a Dem I beg you to do whatever it takes to stop this
No wall money from my taxes maintain what we have but no grandiose scheme wall. Give the Coast Guard money to stop drugs and immigrants!
All those Forgotten OUT OF WK Americans that voted for 45 Cant Pay the WALL They THOUGHT 45 had that Covered Maybe 45s TAXES could HELP
SO MUCH GOOD could come from 45s TAXES think of the programs he's trying 2 END his taxes could save at least 1or2 THAT would Be commemorable
100 DAY MARK HOW MANY   DONATIONS  IS HE behind w/tje Promise of NOT TAKING A SALARY lol aside from ILLEGAL REVENUE  from PERSONAL BUISNESS
OOOPS 45 impromptu  live on tv Those Docuements must have weight only reason he'd put cloths on or leave the golf course Who has the Keys ?
we do not need a God Damn wall, period.
I won't pay now. What don't you got a job?
Dems, why don't you actually do something for us the American people instead of whining and crying about Trump?You've done nothing! Go home!
Reminds me of your role during the Obama administration.
A complete border wall is bad policy, i.e. a waste of resources regardless of who pays for it....it's also bad for migratory animals
POTUS is a liar and a cheat.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  I do not want my money spent on a wall #BrokenPromise
A mine field and barbwire much cheaper. Works in Cuba.
You would oppose free icecream from Trump, be honest
we don't want a wall period.
Among other valid reasons
Start a  Go Fund Me for this wall and let his supporters pay for it.
It does not matter who pays for a wall, it is a stupid and childish idea. It would never be completed, maintained and will be torn down.
Cartels/human traffickers use normal ports of entry. Wall's only purpose: to make "base" feel something's being done to stop the brown ppl.
And because that money could go to healthcare.
Lol
Um, I thought the Dems don't want a wall period.
Let's just be clear: We don't want a wall to begin with. It's a dumb idea that won't work.
@HeatherRubybean @realDonaldTrump How about no money because the wall is stupid & u & ur base want it for racist reasons?
That's the wrong answer. The one cited should only be added as a besides note.
What DEMs WANT is a fully staffed House & Senate investigation into #trumpRussia. Now!
Drumpf draining the treasury! He has deep psychological issues. Playing the biggest Con Game on USA citizens! Wake up Democrats!
U R blessed,doesn't means u cn abuse ur power. ALMIGHTY GOD is ABV u, wht goes around comes around !
X wall ,No 1 jb of prez is 2  care  citizens welfare,  u hv heart 2 C Americans who voted 4 u living poverty .what kind of human r u ??
And because it's really stupid.
Just say the truth...that the wall is an absurd idea and would be a huge boondoggle while not accomplishing any of its stated goals. #resist
HEY, @SenateDems We don't want the friggin' Wall at all, never mind Congress forcing us to pay for it.  #Resist #Russiagate #LiarTrump
Yes he said like a 1000+ times. So has that changes lol.
#Mexico Damn sure shouldn't have to #Pay for the #TrumpWallofShame anymore than the #USCITIZENS #TAXPAYERS 
Americans have been supporting the Mexican drug industry, and all its evils, for decades.  And a wall is the solution?
Not only did he say it, he screamed it. Over 100 times!!!
Impeach him! What will it take?!
He's not Mexico'spresident
And so they will through tariffs! Ur pushing 4 another Civil War! Is that The real aim here? Makes us wonder.
The wall is to keep us in after he sells all of our civil rights to his billionaire buddies!
Cannot watch this turd... makes me throw up...
Humpty trumpty sat on a wall Humpty Trumpty told a big lie all the Donald's horses and all the Donald's men couldn't cover for him
@SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump Obama broke all of his , but no our wonderful  POTUS  hasn't &  in time he will fulfill all, 
And he's not gonna get it unless Mexico pays n they won't! Why shd they?
He has a lot of money 
Let 45 pay for it.
I hope you guys and @HouseDemocrats are, you know, also working on stopping #GoldenCaligula from torching the Far East? 
Well, that but mostly because, and I can't stress this enough, WE DON'T NEED IT! 
Stay Firm @SenateDems NEVER EVER give into paying for Ridiculous F*cking wall! No voter signed up for that. 
Have *45 pay for it himself.
Then Please explain why there was money to build the wall, years ago & the wall was never spent for it???
Can't build it period. No place to put it. No enthusiasm for paying for it on either side of border. Just a blowhard promise.
Please also talk about WHY GOP Senate/House are reluctant to investigate the President's ties to Russia & Conflicts of interest #TrumpFail
Even as far back as Bill Clinton said that their should be a border wall. Trump may be successful, but for right now we need our security!
#NoWall I don't care if that so-called president can deliver on his big promise to get Mexico to pay for it! No wall! Hold strong Dems!
Or because the wall itself is a #wasteofmoney and not necessary.
fuck him
THAT'S why you don't want it? #Yeesh
How are they putting a wall over the Rio Grande River?  They are crazy!
also said he was all about the miners. 23,000 to lose health care and pension. Keep the Promise!.4 days!.
@realDonaldTrump
Racism and Bigotry is USAs biggest problem This Redmap Republican Majority is the worst problem to our democracy in history
@SenGaryPeters No to funding any wall. No to Bombs No to Republicans Yes to Sustainable Jobs.
Never forget collusion
DEMS HATE AMERICANS.. STALLING TRUMP VETTING TO ALLOW AS MANY OF THEIR PARTNERS ISIS IN AS POSSIBLE.  THEN MADE A RACE LIE OF IT.
delusional liar! Flimflammer!
So we're supposed to pay for a wall we don't want that he said Mexico would pay for?
Thanks for noticing. Now let's get rid of the death penalty. #demsletsgo
WE DONT WANT MONEY FROM THE BUDGET GOING TO THE BORDER WALL BECAUSE WE DONT WANT A WALL
Pathological liar and bloviating fool. Congress job to reform immigration rather than throw money at a wall.
Well, and because it’s a terrible, wasteful idea. Let’s not forget that.
Mexico will.
#NeverHillary #Divest #WeThePeople #OurVoice #DumpTrump #Resist #WeAreResistance #PlannedParenthood
$1 can change politics in our country! Is $1 worth Health Care & Education?

Donate to #OurVoice and be heard!

…
Get the $ from Mexico first before building your wall. You promised Mexico would pay. Now keep your promise!
Exactly!  Why should we take the money from our budget, when you promised us mex would pay 4 it your the deal maker go deal with mex 4 money
It is time to build a bridge from Canada to Mexico, going over the USA.  Trump will pay for it.
No goddamnit we will NOT pay for it. Infrastructure, yes. Wall, no.
I've only seen a handful of Dem Senators call out @realDonaldTrump on his bullshit. when will all of you do it?
Exactly.
You guys voted for the wall in 2006
 Hypocrites!
it was wrong then to vote for the wall and it's wrong now are you for the wall..
It's never wrong to vote for the wall. Don't you know, "good fences make good neighbors?" Wall will be good for Mexico, too.

He never said how!! Mouth breathers believed it!
Trump and his followers are like scientologists, but with none of the pretence re. a compassionate endgame, & all of the delusional bullshit
And it is a useless idea. And that money is needed in other areas.
Yes. No tax money for the wall @SenateDems
The @GOP has the majority. Why are we having this discussion. The Dems are a boogie man for Trump. They. Have. No. Power. It's all on @GOP.
Also, because a wall is stupid and we laughed when he mentioned it the first time. Please don't dicker over payment; oppose construction.
You want to con someone, play to their fear. Promise re'pubs safety and sovereignty behind a wall. They'll fall for it everytime. Suckers!
U must have been in a COMA not to know Trump was lying 1 of plenty
DO NOT give in to this piece of human filth!
Build what wall? This one? Smokescreen. Follow the money. The biggest heist is in play.
Um, we don't & didn't want it because it was a bad idea. Think this post should've been re-thought.
@SenSchumer TIME TO DEMAND A NEUROPSYCH EVAL.  DEMENTIA WOULD BE EVIDENT.  MSG ME.
Don't worry, Trump will get the money from Mexico one way or another. It won't be that hard. Many options.
Noooooooooooo dummies,  not cause he said so...BECAUSE ITS JUST A STUPID IDEA #Fullstop
Exactly. Why should we pay for it? You lied to us!
Not broken. You're just not LISTENING! Ears on, please!    
please stand up strong for We the people!!!!!
Hopefully there are no Democrats who want Trump's wall at all
also we don't want a pointless ineffective sham of a wall AT ALL! #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #immigrationreform

That's right. Vote no on wall.
Also, people climb walls for fun sooo if someone really wants to come here, they will figure out a way lol
That, and because a wall is a stupid idea.

No we don't. And we don't want any deal that trades healthcare subsidies for his stupid wall! No wall! Save the ACA!
