Nah, I'd rather hear it from Comey.
I don't think we saw the same hearing. What are you referring to?
I'm still a bit confused as to what narrative you feel has been contradicted. Do you mean the AG not telling him to stop the investigation?
Does he think Trump will take personal responsibility for anything ? 
Gee Tony, I'm pretty sure someone is under investigation by a special prosecutor. Tell me again who that person is?
Not gonna be the answers yall want. Rice and Obama are in deep.
He will everything not to . People's Power is the answer
There is no need to #coverup #legal behavior obviously #TrumpRussiaCollusion has occurred & is occurring 
#TrumpRussia
#TheResistance
They just follow their Scripts like good little Clowns.
WRONG, BECAUSE ITS FABRICATED
Why did Trump try to releave sanctions on Russia the minute he walked into the White House?
Paris Deal is wealth distribution plain and simple.  The New World Order... Punish the US and give money to poor nations.  Obama=BAD DEALS
We all got the answer nothing ever happened. Move on
be quiet
He gave his answer. There was no collusion. Zero evidence has been offered by anyone.
There r no answers. There is nothing there
Once and for all why can't Trump say " Go ahead do your investigation I have nothing to hide".
They are investigating a crime to investigate
Democraps keep beating a dead horse and wasting taxpayers money for nothing. That's why Dems will always lose from now on.
Keep on pressure on speculations. We'll keep pressure on facts #SethRichMurder #HillaryEmails#Bengazi#ClintonRussiaUranium#ClintonFoundation
If Trump has nothing to hide he should welcome a full inquiry so he can move forward with policy
CNN will cry
Are White House is a dark lie .. and has zero credibility .. garbage elected .. garbage results

The Russian probe is an unsubstantiated witch hunt. Where is the proof. If none be quiet.
Marley needs a haircut-the weight of his mange affecting his pea sized brain!
He has given answers and no real proof has been shown yet to dispute his answers. What American people want is for you to show proof or work

I this k Trump already answered by saying there was no collision but liberal media doesn't want to stop reporting on the lies
And show your tax returns
#houseofcards #theunderwoods #PoliticalThinking
. Believe it or not, with the Eastern Block/ Asia under his control, Mr. Putin has successfully outsmarted the "# 1 man".
These democrats are actually delusional
Markey is a poor imitation of John Kerry.
He's already given the American ppl answers on Russia. Most Americans heard it, you missed it? Btw, what's the question?  &it costs us $$$$!
And Pressure Burst Pipes which is why T Rump and family and Adm. Need to be vigorously investigated until one or all break and give up each.
The democrats will find out in 2020 when the American people reelect Trump they are sick of the tired of the BS and wasted millions of $$$
Agreed and just saying it's fake news or a witch hunt doesn't cut it.
But that won't stop the bots from saying it ad nauseam
When is she going to go away?
Maybe u can provide evidence of collision??
once@again there is no there. The answers are with the Obama administration and their illegal masking as well as collusion with Russia.
@gehrig38 @AnnCoulter another embarrassing Mass pol that needs to disappear. #fakenews
He will and he should.
0 evidence so far
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
We want to see that every single day until we get answers
ONLY REASON #WH IS NOT FORTHCOMING & WORKING WITH CONGRESS TO FIND OUT INFO ABOUT CYBER ATTACK IS THAT THEY'RE FRIGG'N GUILTY #russiagate
American people are sick and tired of the Russia talk about investigation that have don't nothing produced no proof since July 2016
THE RUSSIANS are comming, THE RUSSIANS are conning, Hide the women and children!!!!! LOL LOL LOL LOL
That is the truth
Marley doesn't want the truth - only wants perpetual investigation cloud
Yes, Sen. Markey. Until Trump acts the difference between President of Trump Organization and The President of U S A.
Still not heard of any evidence at all..... anyone else heard of any? Maybe that's because there is none. Get over it
Really ? No one talking about it out here in America - only the left - fake news
Wolf Blitzer knows there's no evidence of collusion yet he perpetuates the lies ! Diane Feinstein told him at least twice. 
No answers to give!
He can't for obvious reasons
Come on !!!anybody going to show or provide any evidence ??? To date NOTHING
Became so desperate after losing the elections, they couldn't believed that they lost to a businessman, no politics background.
Crying over something that not there.
Please stop Pakistan and IsI to killing Baloch in Balochistan  they are asking just simple right
...and your taxes, and remove Bannon, and, and, and...
Even the Paris treaty announcement seemed contrived to conceal or drown out the Russia probe.
Anyone else notice Wolf looks concerned? I think he's realizing the Russia story is a nothing burger.
Markey, I voted for Trump and I'm not Russian. Time for you to move on and get some work done. Your constituents need you to represent them.
Trump proof that : president above all laws & iwill be her for more year so everyone keep silent., but what happended to Nixon unfairnes,
I am sure Trump #voters very disappointed that he committed an #impeachable #offense to our #nation.
Blah blah blah
You mean, give them the answers you want to hear.
Will sources inside @SenMarkey @CNN @jaketapper @brianstelter @wolfblitzer report on how Macedonia caused @HillaryClinton to lose to @POTUS
Russia didn't make middle America vote for Trump it was the elite Democrats who didn't care
Yes. Cause we ain't playing.
Yawn
I have answers!!! It's made up bullshit!!!!
There are no answers.  Fake news.
Shut up
Th Senate really needs to let this go. This is taxpayers money being used. And they keep forgetting they work for us so start doing ur jobs
You mean the left will keep wagging the Russian dog until the next election.

1 factual bit of evidence.
Just 1.
That's all I want from #cnn
It's no longer answers we want from @realDonaldTrump. We want him gone, as in disappear with his family. We don't want to see them around.
Faux investigation in search of a crime. JournOlism schools teach the Stalinist Beria method to democrat party operatives.
Here's your answer on Russia, its the end of the Democratic Party.
He gave you a answer but you don't believe it

Hey lunatic, WE THE PEOPLE are BEHIND Donal J Trump 100%.
Talk to Putin.
Russia attacked American democracy. It's called act of war - sanctions! All negative "fake" tweets yell 4 Benghazi & now standing with  
Market must not be hearing a year of investigations & no proof, wasting Americans time who need leaders who will work for them, vote out!
Cnn is there as usual to mount the pressure as usual
I think you mean, until you come up with any evidence.
I thought there was a independent investigation underway. Let be an independent investigation.
Not Russia #sethrich
It's up to the accusers to produce the evidence.  Trump is under no obligation to provide proof of innocence.
And his tax returns
.@cnn the American people could give a flying fart about Russia. Talk to real people instead of self interested pols...then get back to me
Investigate this! SOS Hillary sold 20% US Uranium One 2 Russia! Other than $ what was her objective? COLLUSION AT ITS BEST! She still lost!
If Trump thought things were bad when no American banks would lend to him, he'll find pressure to face #TrumpRussia will far outmatch that.
Wonder if we can get some answers from the Obama hacks on the unmasking.
Please CNN stop with the Russia bullshit!
Putin made him do it! 
fake news!

But hee won't Senator; can't u read his lips: get d information urself if u can!
I  wish Trump would let this get investigated and be over. It makes him look guilty with all this hiding stuff.
Trump's answer on Russia doesn't mean anything, he needs to show his tax return.

He already told you
If he has nothing to hide, he should stop interfering with the investigation, because Americans don't believe anything Trump has to say.
We won t have to worry about it Sen. Markey! The world is coming to an end! I heard you say it on the  Climate News Network!
Put the crack pipe down dude!
#ImpeachTrumpPence #ObstructionOfJustice #CorruptCabinet #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #MangoMaggot #GOPcollusion #GOPcomplicit #RESIST #russiagate
Fake news
Here is the answer Trump should give: FU!  
GO TRUMP.
He can't he'll go to jail for treason, where he BELONGS!
Lol nope
Thank you Sen. Markey.  You are truly a good Senator, a servant of this great nation that is being destroyed by Trump.
Lol another uniformed dem!  Did u c all corrupt emails released today from HRC and the dem party?  I'd be embarrassed if I were u!
The answers will be that a bunch of corrupt, hysterical liberals and #FakeNews media set out to fabricate and distort to try to hurt Trump.
Pressure the only pressure is from the anal hurt liberals who lost the election that they were told they were going to win..keep crying
Don't worry about his answers; he knows only how to lie.   The intelligence agencies have the answers.
There is no answer sore loser move on.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah fake news and information blah blah blah blah blah
Left wing nuts praying for a russian conspiracy.  Lmao.  Truth is Hillary lost because of CNN  lmao.
Yes we want and need answers!!!!
The American people don't give a shit. They just want the work that is supposed to be done -done.
All MSM & Democratic tactics to stall the MAGA agenda. Dems and Intel agencies have said repeatedly no evidence that Trump did anything
How can he?  There has never been a connection. Even the CIA NSA and FBI have said that.
@EdMarkey The tide is turning Senator. It is the a Dems who are going to answer for this farce. You will be at the front of the pack.
NO ONE CARES
Good grief.  Another 30 year plus politician killing time until his defined benefit package kicks in.
Wow...!! 100% reason for Taxpayers to vote on #TERMLIMITS
WE MEED ANSWERS ON BENGHAZI,,,,,, WHY ISN'T THIS BEING PURSUED,,,,,,, WHY DOES THE DAWG GET A PASS!!!!!!!!
You damn straight it is!!! #CountryOverAllParties
CNN BS!  The American people already know that the Russia nonsense is nothing but partisan politics!
When your entire career was nothing but voting present and you've only contributed feel good nothing bills... Russia, Russia, Russia!
Answers to what, exactly?! Rumors? False reporting? Lies?! Every official questioned UNDER OATH has said NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION!
!,!!!!!!.,,0
I really don't think cares about your pressure. President Trump been in the pressures cooker since Nov 8. I don't think anyone as taken more
The American ppl want to know what was on Hillerys private server And when she goes to JAIL??
Sen Markey you my Friend are a weiner!
I agree let's get the freaking answers now ! Stop dragging your feet !
What is it you want him to say about Russia exactly? How about you show me some evidence of what you claim
If he answers, he implicates himself, which he'll eventually do anyway given enough time. When his attorneys start bailing, it's over.
Lol good grief you are so misinformed
shrug, issue is, if he really has no connection to russia himself, how to prove a negative? usually why it's "innocent until proven guilty"
