That is a lie, Trump just leveled the playing field before it was FaceBook/Google who could do that. LMAO!
@SenSchumer  Sure because he does not use emails and his taxes records are protected! What can we sell that belongs to him? Lets!
Thank you, Senator Markey!  Please fight to protect #BroadbandPrivacy.
Under Obama, Susan Rice requested and revealed the names of private citizens.  She wire tapped POTUS 4 one year prior to election & nothing
Could not punch your way out of paper bag! Big talk no results! You and Crocodile Tears Schumer! can't wait to talk to your Backers! no $
What people dont know is that Facebook and Google do this without asking for permission already. Fix that first, then talk..
Do you work for Comcast? How does changing current regulations on ISP help if you want to fix it? Also Google etc are free, cable is not
Look up Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or ICANN. Obama was doing same thing in 2016 YET ..I heard crickets.
The American people will give your party the majority in both the House & Senate in 2018.

Pass laws allowing us to sue @ATT
what American people ? You ain't talking about me sweety.
He said people , not reptiles.
typical response from the left winger.
first grade or second, such childish to reactions,, stick to the facts
I'll stick to the fact that you sure as hell wouldn't be so casual with me face to face.
American privacy at stake concerns you both? Then the Obama admin spying for partisan political purposes must have you really upset today??
How's the weather in St. Petersburg? Trump deserves to be investigated for Treason. Trying to divert the blame, shameless
oh dear Lord.
You & ur pal chuckie can both go to where the sun never shines & it's really really hot
Please keep fighting for us. If Trump has his way soon we will have no rights left to fight for.
So phony. Google & Facebook have done this 4 years. No outrage from u because they support the Democrats with big donations. What a joke!
That is so far from the truth. When will liberals stop deliberate lies to criticize the president.
@SenSchumer thank you thank you thank you
@SenSchumer is that SenMarkey or SenMalarkey? The bill levels the field between ISPs & service providers. FOCUS on better things
That's like saying it leveled the playing field for Mexican cartels because the Mafia already was successful at extortion.
No what it means is your personal buying and browsing habits are already being sold by search engines so companies can target advertisements
It's trivial to switch search engines it's not to switch ISP. If you really care then why allow more data to be sold than fight for privacy?
Good point. I just think there's way more important things going on right now (even more so than BS about Russia and Susan Rice) eg N Korea
Thanks for your work on behalf of the citizens of Mass.
Please fight this deplorable act !
Concern 4 privacy on social media (no such thing), but no concern 4 Intel Agency's Susan Rice, revealing names of private citizens 4 party?
What he signed was a bill evening the playing field since Obama gave it only to Google and Yahoo who just happen to be supporters
Liars! Anybody who uses social media is already being tracked and profiled.  It's a common practice that has always gone on, well B4 Trump.
Appalling! Shameful!  What can we do to fight this, and what can enlightened members of Congress do to fight this? #BroadbandPrivacy
I notice there's not ONE valid tweet of defense for this action. It's all "well, how about Obama....?" He's GONE. Let's look at THIS.
There seems to be 50% "but Obama!" & 50% "but Google, level the playing field!" both seem like bot troll talking points.
You're leaving out "...but Hillary!!"
There is no scandal
Trump is under investigation for treason to Russia, that's the scandal.
Your sorry a$$ already had it so two companies were already selling info. This law only evened the playing field. YOU Are A LIAR.
This from the Treasonous Clown who won't even show his tax returns!!
Your a fake. Ed.
Thank you for fighting for us!
And who are you? Oh ya, NOBODY!!
Trump, the same guy who hates private leaks?  @brianstelter
Don't go to a web site if you don't want to be tracked!
Really! Are you really that stupid? The Post Office sells your info, stop supporting them and call Post Master for a hearing.
It's amazing he's willing to sell our private information to the highest bidder but yet he won't show his taxes  what a joke
Ummm, in case you didnt know, Google has been using personal search history for years to make money.
It was ALREADY legal, Senator. Google and Facebook were always doing it. 

Try and keep up. You look pathetic not knowing this.
Hey, then include google & other internet platforms.  Could we have an IQ check of the Dem party?
@SenSchumer Democrats, always missing the full story, or just plain lying about it.
@SenSchumer Why didn't you mention that Obama regulated everyone but Google & Facebook, his pet political buddies?
@SenSchumer Customers should demand an opt-out, or a smart company should offer it.
@SenSchumer Wrong again Chucky. Obama left Facebook and Google out of the regulation. Trump is leveling the field.
VERY BAD!
@SenSchumer this coming from the Dems...nothing but a but of corrupt douchebags
Please fight to protect #BroadbandPrivacy. I know you've been committed to this issue 4 a long time. Thx & please continue. Important work!
The interesting part about this is the GOP is selling us out and next are they going sell our children into slavery
Hey Obama let Google and Facebook do it. So what the big deal? Dems arent getting a slice of the pie?
Thank you for your services.
Time to sue?
I'll vote to re-elect @SenMarkey ! Keep up the good work!
SenMarkey and SenSchumer want to shut down GOOGLE, which had been selling personal info long before the new law passed.Can FB be far behind?
How is this different than the surveillance of the Trump staff, unmasking the names and releasing them with no detail to the media??
Google and Facebook already sell users personal data in massive amounts to advertisers. Where's your fake outrage over that?
Go for it...!
Keep fighting for # BroadbanPrivacy
Worry about the government spying on citizens!
Any news on the past administration #SusanRice cutting into then private citizen #TRUMP, and past administration? There needs to be hearings
I pray you mean that
#Trump is no friend of Americans
Yes, just like google and Facebook! That's a large majority of their income! Denying FB AND ATT the same is a democrat created monopoly 4 FB
Wow you really put up a fight for the people on that one.
Would have been better to even the playing field & take it away from Facebook & Goggle?
You already lost! Don't you think it's a little late now. #clueless
Trump wonders about his approval ratings? Every single thing he says and does is wrong and bad for Americans.
Susan Rice just identified Americans illegally. But that's ok, right?  Double standards Dems have. Get to work and help
@SenSchumer susan rice bill?
Wow! Thank you Senator for standing up to this and every other insane move of Trumps! I appreciate your efforts to fight this admin
Privacy?  Lol ok.  Better talk to Susan Rice about unmasking American citizens illegally.  Hyposcrisy!
We don't need that extra government overreach.
@SenSchumer do like zobams did for google and facebook?
Trump is using the Russian playbook on how to turn a Democracy into Russia. Connect the dots.  Dems and Repubs must fight against it. Now!
Big deal... Dems made it LEGAL for a president to spy on political opponents.
o please you can't fight you're way out of a  paper bag
Crying wolf again are we...#chickenlittle
Didn't yahoo and facebook ALREADY able to invade our privacy? Isn't the bill making the internet a equal playing field?
Good ... Another Hussein enacted hateful decree is gone .. chip chip chip ...that legacy is starting to crumble - THANK GOD & God bless 45
How? What can be done?
Disgraceful!

@SenSchumer  @NYGovCuomo Is there anything you can do about this?!
You can go pound sand or blow smoke up somebody else's butt!
I'm confused. Are we supposed to be outraged by unmasking and privacy rights or are we not supposed to care?
#Trump shows us every day that he does not care for people, and certainly not for average Americans. Only personal gain and tax cuts for 2%
@SenSchumer 
Unfortunately, with a Republican majority, the fight is one-sided...they gave the advantage
why doesn’t dnc buy djt family information.
Making America great again
@SenSchumer excellent!
But you were already letting Facebook and Google sell that info
What's your bill? How can I assist?
@SenSchumer why don't you look into KILLery & what else she gave to Russia & what obummer gave the devil in Iran beside $150M!
How about protecting Americans from being spied upon by their own government?  You ready to fight on that one?
So, to stay on topic; you like this legislation?
Ask Rice about privacy!  Hahahahahaha!!!!
How bout some protection for citizens from those who ignore laws lie cheat get over on the US impersonating Americans & get yr PROTECTION?
E
@SenSchumer fights over you lost
Isnt that exactly what the fbi has been doing to hillary for the last 30 years? It eroded the rule of law. trump is making people wise.
@SenSchumer Please get impeachment proceedings going. Can't stand much more of this #russiagate
@SenSchumer How are you going to do that?
How about fighting to prevent Dems like Susan Rice from spying on and outing US citizens??  Is that too much to ask??
Thank you, Senator Markey!
Thanks Mr. Frosty
I'm with you guys. What can citizens do to help you?
#BroadbandPrivacy
You international?
Thank you!  How can any American be ok with this?
@mo_lazarus Whoa...This is increasingly Frightening on a Daily Basis-Is ANYONE going to STOP this Dictator??????????????
Do some research and find the truth about what Obama administration did. Ur privacy was never protected , the truth is at your fingertips
How do we fight this? My sleeves are already rolled up!
Will you look at passing any state driven legislation?
Stop spreading Misinformation for political gain.   Google, Facebook, and Twitter have already sold our information.
You going to obstruct or be a real senator?  Don't go , fight the real not fake fight
Do they know what the hell the 4th amendment is? Musta been skipped in their political science classes. @RandPaul wimped out and abstained
Thank you!!
Counting on you. Lucky you are my Senator @SenMarkey
did he hold a press conference with him signing it?
Money must b given to owner @CopyrightOffice patent rights are federally protected! Form of racketeering slaves if IPO '. Rochford is slave©
@SenSchumer What happened to the privacy act! Out the door like everything else with this regime -big brother not far off #1984
With all due respect, sirs, hasn't this ship already sailed? Do you plan a repeal effort?
Please do! Nobody, Republican or Democrat, voted to have their privacy sold.
#Google and #Facebook have been doing this all along, this bill just evens the field. I'd like no one doing it all in the next bill
Where did you hear that talking point? Why should It be "leveled"?
Please, never give up - no one wants 1984 to become a reality. Thank you.
The Republican party has gone off the deep end. Now our ISP can sell our info, and we pay them to do it? #BroadbandPrivacy
But you won't fight to protect American citizens from illegals.
The person that won't release his info just allowed ours to be sold without consent. Release your taxes!
Twitter, Facebook, Google etc. already sell your data, where's your fake outrage over that?
Thank you for trying to stop this
How do we protect.  Buy his info.  Duh.
I don't like it either. Every time you search something on Google, they sell your info.  You guys act like this is something new??
@SenSchumer Also should be suspended from covering any WH functions, for 1 year, plus pay a heavy civil fine.
Hey who's going to buy Trumps history LoL that be to funny
Totally disgusted by this. They think no one is watching, but I have republican friends who are paying attention....
@SenSchumer Media companies who ban freedom of speech should lose there tax exempt status and government grants.
@SenSchumer Then help get my proposed bill pass,Start sanction media companies who ban free speech.
@SenSchumer if this is for real post the whole bill with his signature
I am a Republican voting blue for the first time. I will vote again blue all the way in November.
Chucky....lay off of Twitter. You're on here more than @realDonaldTrump
Chuckles the NYC clown
Yes please <3
Net neutrality is so important.
Yes please. So we can silence any dissenting voices from those on the left. We need it in the name of fairness. And equality.
