*Propaganda alert*
Deputy AG said Comey must go. Trump simply agreed. Same Deputy AG confirmed 94-6 by the Senate
I appreciate you warning us of your propaganda.
CNN BREAKING: Democrats take break from calling for Comey's firing to become outraged by Comey's firing.... TRUMP RIGHT AGAIN
Maybe you can tell me: why do you think Sessions and Rosenstein would write these letters today?
No better time than the present. Hillary would have fired him on day 1.
Dates against him are cited as July and October of 2016. Suddenly, the day of federal grand juries, and the day after Yates' testimony (1/2)
One has nothing to do with the other. The FBI still exists, no one died.. He can still testify. 
Prove it fake. Provide citations. Or disappear into to irrelevance...
Still waiting on your proof that it's fake news.
You're the one that initially said it was fake. So prove it. Oh wait, you can't. Figures.
COME ON MEDIA GET REAL THE INVESTIGATION IS STILL GOING ON--GET THE STORY STRAIGHT
I agree. Stick with this and follow the money.
Makes sense to me!
So very true!

#FakeNewsMedia #fakenewsitu #falacious #CNNisFakeNews

Impeach that fat, incompetent Russian spy! This is absolutely ridiculous! Embarrassing!
Just CNN spreading unfounded bullshit again... Go figure
So that's why Robenstein (an Obama appointee) recommended it?? 
Fake news people! You al better get on the trump train  because we're going to make American great  again he's doing all the right stuff
Why don't we give @realDonaldTrump the benefit of the doubt? Because there is no longer any doubt. His behavior says it all.
We need #SpecialProsecutor now!
You your still the nut job
.....Now that Comey  is fired,maybe it's time Comey starts blowing the whistle on Trump and his people. Interesting News CNN?
Democrats and CNN wanted Comey fired yesterday.  Today when he is fired, they're singing a different tune? #DrainTheSwamp
Never loved Comey.  Trump was GRACIOUS and gave him a second chance....But Comey betrayed the trust.
Crooked Clintons News Network lead by fake liberal socialist leftist communists Crooked Hillary blabbering fake debates rubbish nonsense
Ye it is because it was getting close to BOs oval office ... #SethRich leaked not hacked
Hair on fire alert!!!
This country is about to get a new face lift ! It's been coming for a long time! Wake up Democrats you lost your way there's still time
Who have I fired so far?

Sally Yates
Preet Bharara
James Comey

Who was investigating me King Trump?

Sally Yates
Preet Bharara
James Comey
Troll. Go hide buddy. Preying on ignorants? Talk to AnTifa
Shove that fake Russian boy account far up yo a$$
You wish friend. Call names as no other argument suffices
HELLO,this is what happens when you elect someone who isn't in politics! Total lies & dysfunctional behavior.Trump administration beware!
Trump is NOT stupid. Claim SatNightMassacre, push the RussianConnection, he wouldn't have fired #Comey if that was true! #snowflakes
This happened because Comey indicted Hillary during his press conference without the formal indictment.
If it's fake news why not be open and above board. What's there to hide? Whole shebang looks guilty. And again: Hillary is not president.
Good. Acceptance is part of the grief process. #hillaryEmails never will be president.
Oh really. How close are they? Close enough to even say that a crime was committed by someone in the White House?
How in the heck does he know this... Ridiculous
#FakeNews #Hypocrites #Democrats
Show me the evidence to support such wild claims. Their being none I will receive none
.@realDonaldTrump is shaking im his boots.
You wouldn't understand, troll.
Hillary is. Podesta is and many more
I'm a sheep. You have lost your mind along with the rest of the liberals.
LMAO on what charges? Don't say Russia lol
Jake has aged 10 years since Trump took office.
Fun, is it not? What might he look like in four months from now?
OH BS
True
Thank you Captain Obvious. Comey was obviously not fired for the stated reasons.
What Russians wanted to achieve is what dems & media have been giving US: Disarray in our government & hostility toward the elected POTUS.
@adoniahodgkins Pure and simple. Anyone who believes Trump is innocent patriot is not paying attention.
More lies & fake news from the sore-loser left-wing drama queens.
Mr Trump fires comey cannot stop God not to reveal all his hidden secret about Election 2016 and connections with Russian.
No, this happened because the Trump-Putin witch hunt is over, no evidence ever produced, and Comey failed to prosecute HRC for her crimes.
Look at all the libtard diaper shitting. this is priceless. #Maga
ridiculous.Comey wasn't personally performing the investigation. Trump didn't shut down FBI. CNN, the worldwide leader in fake news!
Yes senetor, we all see this.
Very Fake News.
Yes @jaketapper the timing is a bit fishy & makes no sense
After 8 months of listening to the MSM and Democrats still nothing on Russian ties to Trump. I've lost hope in the MSM and Democrats.
Teah!  What happened with the chanting "Crooked Hilary, Lock her up"
Bang on
#speculation
@Worthy1ne
IMPEACH!!
It's time to bruh!!!!
Just how big is the Oval Office rug? DT can't sweep too much more under it without fallout!
Spoken like a true idiot for not recognizing that Comey's firing was RECOMMENDED by the over whelming voted in Rosenstein!
Provide proof with your accusation.
This is why CNN is a propaganda network. They hated Comey a few days ago now they defend him? Investigations still go on without Comey.
CNN STOP THE LIES. You know all information on any investigations are still at FBI headquarters. So are they All Covering for the POTUS?
And what will the Senator say when investigation is over and nothing is found?
What a bunch of BS. Stop the hyperbole you hypocrites!
Prove it!!
bullshit! Dems call for him to be fired. They got what they wanted why are they crying and throwing tantrums? Geez get a grip!
Investigation?  The one where top democrats have said after 10 months no evidence of collusion?
Do you really think James Comey was conducting the Russian investigation? Fake News Network
Don't allow @POTUS to sweep Russia ties under rug. Need swift action for independent investigation. Please!!!
Done
Give me a break! Everyone is tired of this play out if your Russian playbook. He didn't do it earlier because team wasn't in place in DOJ.
Who woke Ed up from his nap?
This would have never happened if voters listen to never trump at the RNC they will lose all their seats and they brought it on themselves
Too Close for Trumps liking? Guess what Russia issue is still that!! Trump believes Hillary  can't get away emails neither should he.
Lol. Hey Dems have a new BS narrative to hang onto. Dems failing party has no message other then being an obstructionist party.
False narrative very sickening
This happened bc Comey should have kept his mouth shut while performing his investigation; instead he wanted the limelight & fame.
This happened bc Comey, an unelected official, hid behind the "classified info" tag, refusing to answer questions from elected senators.
Comey, an unelected official, thought he was untouchable. He smeared H. Clinton but, refused to indict her effectively WASHING HIS HANDS.

Trapper / CNN are biased "Trump haters".. Both scared shitless of a real investigation into HRC email, Clinton Foundation, etc.
Whispered, you need to get another job!
U really think that 11 months is not ENUFF time to find something with the resourcing the FBI? This won't stop any investigation relax.
Comey had info on Hillary that he should have turned over to the Grand Junction. But, Obama said no way Jose. Right?
Agree with u Markey
You are done like co no integrity love ser and traitor
After months and months, NO EVIDENCE. Wake up and shut this Fake News #CNN off, it's all just hate and discontent.
Say what you mean, Sen. Markey.   I think he just did.
Exactly. We demand an independent investigation now. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #ImpeachNow #russiagate
Lmao!
Hysterical! CNN digs up another fool who supports a dead agenda! Whine whine whine. Where is a sliver of proof? CNN wasting our time.
Sen  Marley and the rest of liberals really truly amaze me. What a joke.
Why would you fire someone that has the goods on you? He can still testify...nothing changes
bull
Remembering Watergate, the exact same thing happened, only then Archibald Cox was lead independent investigator. Nixon wasn't helped.
Please! Get an independent investigator! Shut up! You'll find nothing!
Uhhhhh, WRONG!
Hahaha... "main stream" alt-left media meltdown is hilarious !!!! Hahaha.... go back and listen to your calls for his firing last October ..
No..tired of u Sore Losers...
I wish someone close to Trump will tell him to,  keep friends close, keep your enemies closer. Never fires a person who knows your secrets.
Does Trump think if he fires someone that the person is no longer a credible witness? Does he not realize how guilty this makes him look?
Thank you Trump, there was no good drama on tv, I bet no one can say that now.
TRANSLATION: Hi we're CNN. We formulate your thoughts for the globalists agenda. We don't love America & wish to destroy morality 

Absolutely
Yup
Markey I don't believe you. Other presidents have done the same.
Simply speculation. FBI will continue on course, Comey or not.
Imagine if someone murdered your loved one, then fired the local police department, then made a fortune robbing your house. That's happening
I feel an impeachment coming. 
Why aren't more people saying this in public??!??!!??!! I don't get it?!??!!
This happened because Republicans were irate that Comey didn't charge Hillary and Huma. Talk snowballed & the result was Comey's firing
Of course this is CNN's take...would you expect anything different???  Lol
Ya think?
This crazy world of Trump keeps turning and turning.  Please stop!  Please stop this craziness!
By the way: Per Trump's letter-  "Best of luck in your future endeavors" is a direct quote from when @WWE fires a wrestler. So yeah
hail hydra.
Yep!  Trumpie is a crook
Markey is a totally ignorant vile politician who will TRY to fool the American People with Rhetoric...America knows better!
Comey MUST have regrets now 
About his decision to release news on more 
Clinton emails so close to election.
Proof trump lies, yes. Proof Clinton lied, no. Proof trumps inner circle in cohorts with Russia, yes. Proof trump makes money using WH, yes.
Lmfao the investigation would go on whether comey is fired or not (witch there is no investigation)  idiots
Fake news
Indeed, "very close" to WH; they found documents incrimination Susan Rice&the Obama Admin's unmasking of names of American citizens.
And the Oval Office really thinks they can keep getting rid of people until when?
Trump is so GUILTY - put him in jail.
@SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @congress IF U DONT DO YR JOBS U R AIDING AND ABETTING AND PARTY B4  - TREASON
yeppers
2 or 3 times under oath Comey has testified he has not known of any unmasking of Trump & others.Clapper & Yates have BOTH said it happened
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Pathetic Clinton news network
How quickly they change the story in just matter of a day. They Dems said that he screwed up the election, now they support him? 
The truth will come out trump will be out of office if not 2020 that will be it for him
This is getting good... going to make some pop corn.
Please!
cover up
Hope this senator has evidence of this and if found wrong, quickly and quietly resigns for undermining the office of the POTUS.
Fake News
I think most people can agree with that
We the people are not stupid we all know why they are all crooks
What's going to change after Comey's firing??? The next guy/gal will continue the investigation unabated. You've all lost your F'n minds...
They have nothing. Nice try left-winged CNN!
Federal prosecutors and all these special committees will make a butt load of taxpayer money. Darn it!
Here we go propagation! Trump can fire who he wants. Hire who he wants . Drain the swamp.
Which administration?
When and who is going to deal with trump?? If you stand up to this bully he gets ride of you one way or another
Unless the GOP as a whole repudiates and withdraws its support of Trump, then Trump will continue to be above the law.
Thank you Senator Markey.
Ask Merkley why he stated that defending the Constitution is a virus that must be stopped!
Bullshit.
Recall Sessions was recused from the Clinton investigation and the Trump investigation, but yet he writes a ltr to recommend Comey firing???
You people on the left love to make up fake news what is wrong with you people
Great.  CNN will now talk about this 24/7 for the next 3 mos.  Un-watchable!
All trust is gone. Sad state of affairs we are in.
And how do we know that?  Dems would criticize the timing of dismissal whenever it would have happened!
I thought he got canned because Hillary wanted it.
Fear of revelation of its ties to Russia?
Exactly what I  was thinking.
We got fucked by this clown president!
We become a 3rd world country
When you asked him to separate fact from suspicion, that's when I fell.  Thanks so much for being a true journalist!
Don't let up on the pressure.  Keep it up.
This quote could easily have appeared in NY Times in 1973.
@POTUS ****RELEASE YOUR TAXES****
Don't give up! They can still nail them!!
Such idiots. The work is done by Comey's ppl not Comey. Anyone can step in and lead.
The same day the EDVA issued subpoenas for Flynn and Comey was there yesterday. Coincidence @EdMarkey Time for more than talk
He's right. And we shouldn't have to endure 15 paid Trump imps lying about it on @CNN.
No shit!
I am not communist you sheeple. Patriotic American who stands by Constitution.  Trump is unwilling to uphold the Constitution.
Probably also partly because Comey is considerably more attractive and telegenic than Trump.
Very very true
LMAO 
Subpoena # Comey now he has got nothing  to lose,he will sing like a bird.Gloves are off .
I agree with you.
