Republicans suspended committee rules to advance a vote on former Oklahoma attorney general Scott Pruitt’s confirmation as EPA administrator
Obama did it, so they're just following his example..... thanks
uh, no.
How did Obama care pass,,,,,,, ????
Are you saying Committee rules were suspended in that case as well?
Dems bypassed all kind of house rules   Did you forget who created the nuk option......????
I thought it was Bill Frist and Trent Lott.
pathetic.....not news...propoganda....why dont you headline what the dems are doing that is insane
those are not the facts.....democrats did not even show up....like little spoiled babies
you know R's boycotted in 2013, right?
thats my point
your point is that R's and D's are both 'little spoiled babies'?
drain the swamp
by nominating bankers and oil tycoons to secretary posistions?
as @ForecasterEnten said on @FiveThirtyEight podcast: Rules are Schmules. Or was It @jodyavirgan ? Either way. Schmules.
it was i
I thought so but I was smushed on the train when I heard that perfect quote. Thank you... for all you do!
thank you for your journalistic integrity. keep up the good work!
still a heartbreaking time we live in.
Trump will break your heart daily and will eventually crush it.. MAGA
because HARRY REID set the precedent
the Democrats have quit their people.  Making it way too easy for the Republicans where is the Democratic Leadership it's nowhere
Lovely. I hope they remember that the internet does not forget.
Warning! Red alert! Dictatorship in progress.
that swamp is becoming a well oiled machine
Great news! 2020 Precedent!
illegitimate Cabinet heads. No mandate!
@AnillaManrique They need to change the rule about changing the rule.
Unacceptable #graphimbythemidterms
I suggest we dock their pay for every day they don't show up at work.
Good for the GOP! Obama with his 2 a.m., and eve of holiday signings and other shinanigans make GOP look like absolute saints!
@SenMarkey apparently these rules are made to be broken? How is it that easy?
if dem decide not to show up and perform their jobs, they should be fired. No question about that.
We are more than half of America. We will not forget. We are organizing now. And we vote. We will not forget.
they just cannot play fair
so what's the point of having rules?
yay! 

Hey NPR cant wait to see you lose your federal funding. Maybe #ANTIFA can make up the difference...
They are following a spoiled man parading around pretending to be the president.  The GOP wants him to have credibility
R senate majority made clear with Garland nomination that they're willing to subvert senate rules, constitution and democracy.
@NRDC Are rules merely suggestions until they're in your way? If you can't win fairly, cheat. Great lesson for our children.  
It's a full-on Seizure of State Power by white billionaire class.  Rules don't stand in the way.   #refusefascism @NPRinskeep
I believe the term is "coup"
@NRDC see illegitimate government!
surely this shd trigger a double dissolution from a vote of no confidence.
thank you for reporting ! Ppl need to know what's happening in our nation
#DemsNoShow -Sadly, the democrats have chosen not to participate in doing the country's business. To caught up in their own ideology.
Then stop boycotting 
we don't have rules anymore.  Time to get creative!
ILLEGAL FACIST BANNON PUPPET
Gee, if GOP takes on enough initiative, how will they blame Democrats when GOP's plans crumble into chaos?
#notmycongress #ClimateChangeIsReal #EPA
listen to @Jason_Stapleton on his show, "The Jason Stapleton Show" for clarity on this issue, and rebuking of ridiculous media spin
The more the GOP works to further Trump's agenda, the more they will be hurt when Americans finally decide he is toxic
OK's earthquakes.a template created far reaching aftershocks - (illustration compliments of American Petroleum Institute)
hey, if you can't win fairly, cheat. Welcome to Bizzaro America.
anarchy is contagious and I'm sure they know and welcome it=martial law means military law for all, no election
That rights, rules don't matter to GOP.  It's all about power.
the lunatics are running the asylum ...
our environment will be bleeding orange soon...
truly disturbing ...
why even have the rule if you can just tiptoe around it every time?? doesn't seem fair to me
looks like US lawmakers are gonna suspend a lot of rules (and laws) in the coming days. #BOHICAmerica
about time they got the spines. Sick of the obstruction from Democrats. They'll all be out next election
when Obama took office the Republicans said their one mission was to obstruct every move. Remember that? This is no different.
@SierraClub the Republicans have given up any pretense of being a legitimate party.
it was the Democratic Party who changed the rule to allow simple majority votes . So thank you Harry Reid you old fart.
where we're going we don't need rules.
this is the same GOP that tries to suspend independent ethics oversight any sec they thnk they can get away with it. They all NEED2 GO!
2018 can not arrive fast enough! #shameful
@senmarkey , @GoAngelo, @EricBoehlert in politics .Lil silly joke. It the right '' some or whomever did '. Who forgot Democrats boycott
Trump inauguration in the White house January 20. Don't mind. By now. No one don't know what Trump
thinking. It not about Right Wing thinking. It about Trump thinking saying.
keep up dems. OBSTRUCT OBSTRUCT OBSTRUCT! #Illegitimatepresident
GOP is shamelessly party over country!
they have made no secret that will and intend to block as many as they can. hows that working out for them? self exploding.
They are going down in the Russia scandal. Remember their names.
@POTUS Just think of outrage if Obama.  GOP is ok for White Nationalists & Racists. They're setting a precedent they won't like later.
#Fascism #Communism at its finest! Why not just suspend Congress all together #Trump?
publish the senators' names - both sides - so their constituents can voice to them to act ethically, follow rules, and stop the games.
GOP are riding high, but are they really Proud of who is holding their reins?
congress only has three rules, money, money and money! @GOP @DNC
How soon do you think he will declare martial law?
Nazi template Nazi protocol Welcome to trump Reich Heil!
The GOP railroading these noms thru over Dems attempting just to *pause* the process for more info is making the Cabinet illegitimate.
You must be in favor of the travel "pause" to give admin more time to get info on vetting methods for problematic nations.
Keep boycotting DEMS, you're on the way to helping us get a second term for Trump.
Midterm elections are gonna be soooooo interesting.
Perhaps the democrats should, you know, show up?
what is the point of having rules if you're allowed to simply suspend them because you're not getting your way
the @SenateGOP act like they are morally superior but their actions say they have to cheat and lower the bar to get things done
the rule of law party.
How is this democratic? Why aren't they reaching across the aisle? Sad for America.
They pretend to be so American. Karma won't be kind, hopefully. This isn't a monarchy.
... "Senate committee's GOP leadership has suspended rules to bypass a boycott" ... exactly what Harry Reid @SenatorReid  did ...
We need a Rule to Suspend Senators PAY for a NO SHOW @senSchumer @senFeinstein @senatorMenendez
They. Do. Not. Care.   Stop acting like they"should". Not caring ar all.
They just can't wait to tear the American world apart
@ApocalypticaNow These tools don't get democracy.
we are descending in to complete and utter lawlessness at the hands of the @GOP. How is this allowed to stand?
I love what the @GOP is doing! When these "qualified candidates" crash and burn, they'll have no one to blame but themselves.
starting to feel official that we are a one-party state. Even if Trump goes, this isn't going to change
Scandal that takes out Trump will destroy GOP. They bet on the Putin puppet and will go down with him.
2018 can't get here fast enough.
lets hope there's something left of Congress' power by then
welp, another nail in the coffin.  It's amazing how fast things go downhill.
this is not democracy. This is autocracy. He is a danger to our planet.
"Suspended rules"? Wouldn't "violated rules" be more accurate? This is shameful and disgusting.
Lawless, pathetic, disrespect for the very core of American values.
When do the people get to suspend the govt and start a new one?
why are the Dems boycotting?
lie, cheat, steal...who cares about #democracy
I'm making my own rules: no taxes until I am represented by government
stop the madness!!!!
To quote a former President: "elections have consequences"
Dems are cutting off noses - voters don't like them to not do their job.  Better to show up and vote NO than to not show up-POOR BABIES
Merrick Garland, remember him? GOP didn't show up to vote no... Remember that?
They didn't do a NO-SHOW they denied him a hearing.  NO NEW SCJ IN ELECTION YEAR FOR 80 YRS-REMEMBER THAT????
yup, it worked again! When government attempts to Stimie the people the people will Stimie the government! Lead follow or boot on neck
why do they have these rules if they can suspend them whoever they want?
because Barrack threw them out
what then is the point of having rules?
What is the point of having senators if they don't show up for work?
What happened to the #GOP who claim to be defenders of #democracy and the #Constitution? This is a gross perversion of governance.
this is the Democrats quitting then I want to show up to the run the government going to make it really easy or Repub
