Zero zero zero evidence of any wrongdoing.  Democrats are just TRYING to create something. They're trolling.
Give yor evidence 2 FBI. They claim probable cause, which = circumstance + Facts that would make reasonable person think crime was committed
Please. You don't know substance of their investigation.
Funny the Hillary's FBI investigation didn't bother you.
Sad thing is nothing will come of this because spying is a way of life for left and right big brother will be watching all of us

Time to become Amish
Huh?
Because CIA killed our president in 1963, took over our government; because we killed Native America, committed sin of slavery. And I care?
Asking Trump about this or anything is moot. He is a liar.
He will remain a liar to you as long as you avoid making an actual case against him. Repubs hated Bill this much when he was in office.
WELL SAID!!
Again, do you all think I'm FBI? How in God's name would I have evidence? 
Obama not being investigated by FBI.
And that's a shame!!
What is charge against Obama? Who has proof? Breitbart news? 
The same charge they have against Trump. NONE!!!!!
Enjoy Trump's last days
Dream on fool
The question is what to do about the illegal leaks? Who knew about them? Where is Bob Woodward when you really need him.
Woodward would have rightly nailed Trump, not leaks. Although leaks, a pee tape, might be right in the middle of this scandal.
The leaks are illegal. The people behind them should go to jail And your comedy is lacking. Obama is the worst president ever. He failed.
You're starting to sound like someone on MSNBC.
It SMELLS a lot like the corrupt media and establishment are having their revenge for Trump's takedown of Bush and Clinton dynasties!
I don't know anyone who buys the Trump/Russia hoax! Not one person.
He should know the smell. He covered for Obama for 8 years.
when you make unsubstantiated claims we can't trust you or MSM any longer. Fake news reigns @ MSNBC.
Yeah from a Democrat! How about a show on the AWFUL cheating, lies, schemes of Podesta's and the DNC emails.  Like Hillary cheating.
this is clear Greta all the Nunes stuff is smoke for Trumps supporters what they are saying is Nunes prove no WH involved
Because? They have something that Nunes wishes to keep hidden, maybe?
Where were those words when it came to Hillary & the Dems??? Disappointed in you Greta!
They so quickly forget!!  Selective memory!!
Only coverup was by the Obama Administration and Dems @SenMarkey
Yes it does against the Obama hold backs.  How can you say "cover up" and refer to OUR President? Is that the #MSM line for the week?
Absurd. Greta, i thought you had integrity? How long can you listen to that garbage?
Greta you have lost our respect with that.
Any attempt at defense is demonized, it's horrible situation of bullshit allowed to proliferate, built on nothing, it's all absurd.
-NO  it is the #OBAMAADMIN who have destroyed the impartiality of the #CIA #FBI and have a HUGE COVERUP -wake up
the democrats wreak of such corruption they only smell themselves
The only thing that smells is the confession of #EvelynFarkas that Obama DID surveillance (and leaked info)on Trump
Even though she admitted that Trump Tower has been spied on since 2014 the left do not care even though they're being spied on too
It's pathetic 
I look forward to when Greta on MSNBC has to report the unlawful unmasking and assimilation of Information about Trump's team.
Witch hunt orcastrated by dems with no proof of wrongdoings #maga
seems the good senator is afraid of seeing evidence that would indicate Trump was being surveilled by team Obama
Well it didn't take you long to convert to MSNBC lefty
Sounds like Ed doesn't want to see how Obama's team committed a felony. Crazy Ed Markey political hack
trump will be impeached. 18 months
And you sound like a seditionist
Only a desperate democratic senator with a bad comb over would say something that stupid
What cover up Greta we will again find out what obama administration did ? I'm sure it's not going to be good! 
Sure it does. Keep saying it and maybe it will come true. Show the evidence or move on!
Read Victor Davis @VDHanson today in NRO. His scenario is most plausible. Can't trust Schiff & Dems one bit or Obama administration.
@DanScavino "Smells"... is that the new fake news of Alinsky-ites
Because it is a cover-up.
Smells of Obama administration cover up . Embarrassed having my 2 senators
i am having a bit of a problem with "cover-up" being used to describe a leak...usually stonewalling is trying to keep things....covered-up
You are unfair and unbalanced
is there anything that Trump is not responsible for?
Fallacious Democrat prevarications smoke & mirrors, conjuring nonexistent demons from demented depraved imaginations from lost twisted minds
Oh Greta you sure have changed.  Didn't take long to become an MSNBC shill.  I am surprised and disappointed. I used to think highly of you.
Come on Greta you're better than this why do you keep perpetuating the story? The media will not let this go, for the love of God move on
Great reporting. You need to go hang with Rachel M Lickalotapuss. You make the perfect pair.
The problem with Markey is somebody has something and he doesn't know what it is. That scares the liberals to death.
Or you're playing partisan politics and you're dead wrong Senator.  Why not get the facts before engaging in the same old claptrap
that is nonsense! Sen markey is on drugs if he believes that. Or he is just a democrat
only way anyone can b elected pres n america is win 270 electoral votes trump won landslide electoral americans put him n office not russia
more like something DNC would do  blame trump cause dems so scared he is going 2 do great job if him russia FIXED ELECTORAL VOTE prove it
stop
So the biggest buffoon ever to enter politics coopted w/Russia a General, Senators,Congressman to steal an election that he entered on whim?
You are full of it Greta! Better start watching Hannity again. He's all over Farley or whatever her name is that spilled her guts on MSNBC!
Yes it sure does!!
But Hillary and Benghazi wasn't a coverup right? #liberallogic
What, a more political hack, Elizabeth Warren, was unavailable? This is the same guy who said today that pagan and Sotomayor are moderates.
Comey said FBI opened Surveillance on Trump in July DURING THE CAMPAIGN & found NOTHING & cont Afterwards & the Scandal is Trump???
That what I think about it The Democrats have no proof just want to keep this stirred up.they be better off looking into Hillary's 20% oil
OMG Greta! The Obama Admin spied on Trump & now its a Trump cover-up? What Stinks is using our Intel agencies to spy on Opp party & Congress
smells like a lib at MSNBC has drew You in
Dear Greta, just tell us this will all be over soon. Wouldn't you love to discuss real policy issues and see some issues solved
Good bye Greta you've lost your mind
Reminds me of a tween show on Disney channel.Do something stupid, lie about it, get caught, claim you are innocent, repeat
really greta?
Get guests that don't have agenda of sedition. Example: Adam Schiff is tweeting anti Trump rhetoric, speculating to MSM & crickets from you.
The executive(=POTUS) is the only source of data, especially classified data. Any other volunteers can be jailed by the JD! Look @ the past!
you mean cover up for Obama Adm. You must have your facts wrong as usual. You liberals are unhinged.
Evelyn Farkas broke story on your network.
she is calling MSNBC fake news. We already knew that. She broke her lies on your network. pathetic
They say you act like the people you hang with.   #msnbc
Naaah!What it really SMELLS like is Los & deflection from the truth 2 hide the REAL story, which is that the Obama admin. DID spy on Trump.
Now scandals are layering like perfumes & I didn't find spicer as whimsical today either 
Based on what solid evidence Senator you can't just throw around Rumors!
No it doesn't, and you know it, @SenMarkey. It sounds like someone came across something and didn't know what to do with it#StoptheNonsense
Does anybody really care? Start doing the "peoples business'
B S your smeller is off.
flynn is talking. katie bar the door
Ridiculous
so sick of the partisan hypocrisy. Nothing getting done in D.C.   They're all chasing their collective tails
OMG, what a crock
The intel and unmasking speak for themselves! Obama watergate! Big"O"going down or his AG and uderlings take sword
Not. This looks like the way to catch a leaker, Katie Walsh and get the Gang of 8 2 view the intelligence in the SCIF at Eisenhower OB.
Ridiculous! Just because you say it doesn't make it so! Clinton Foundation and Russian Uranium deal really smelly!
congrats Senator, you nailed the latest talking point. You're eligible for a cookie and a future assignment.
Let me guess, another cover-up without a crime that leads nowhere . . WHAT IS THE CRIME?????
More likely, you are smelling a cover up by the Obama administration. They were trying to get info against Trump well before election.
Lmao ... it has "SMELLED OF A COVER UP" for the past eight years!
THe WH asked for the investigation.  If they came up with factual information, what is the problem?
Nunes said he told Paul Ryan first before he went to WH. What did he tell PR and what did PR tell Nunes?
https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2017/03/levin-this-smoking-gun-is-a-big-deal …
Yes your right a cover up by Obama before he left office,
Yes, but who is being protected? Maybe the last administration?
HMM Thats beneath you Greta!!  Nunes has more intelligence than this!! greata@MSNBS
Oh my, you're leaning to the left. It unbecoming.
this new since of smell since u left Fox. Smell still lingering from Obama and his admin..
Dems and Obama Admin stick to high heaven!  Quit pussy footin around Greta!
Thats exactly what the leftist news wants you to believe, you promised me that when you got to MSNBC you wouldn't let anyone think for you?
i see, msnbc that explains your position, nuf said.
no it doesnt.
Yeah, your right, the WH wants to cover up that Obama's agencies collected and disseminated intel on atrump
Shame on you Greta.  You've become exactly what I prayed you wouldn't become.  An MSNBC partisan hack.  SMDH
How do we expect politics to ever be civil when "reporters" parrot inflammatory headlines for ratings??
WSJ. Reported this. WSJ is owned by Murdoch. Right wing newspaper.
BS! Is this your doing Greta? Shame on you for proliferating this stinking "news".
The cover-up is in John Podesta and Farkas and the UNMASKING of American private citizens. Get serious!
another liberal conspiracy theory.  Just heard it came from NSA
Shame on you 
Flynn offers to testify in exchange for immunity. Wow.
You mean orchestrated out of the White House before 1/20/17 and being covered up by Democrats.
They sure are nervous!
the only cover up is of Obama admin abuse of power & corruption of IC; you can't hide this DESPICABLE
COVER UP is being done by DEMS & MSM & not covering the real crime that Obama surveilled, leaked intel. AND started the "russia" story.
It would be nice if there was any legit evidence behind these baseless accusations... tired of the jackassery
So is that NOW the left wing talking point? 1) Russia stole election 2) Trump is unhinged 3) Trump is treasonous & NOW 4) Cover up. SMEARS..
That smells like a cover up for corrupt democrats
Remember Funny Girl? My dope was duped. Seems to fit here.
WHOSE NAME WAS UNMASKED? 3/17 Nunes leaked FBI is still investigating 1 per in WH 3/21 Nunes goes to WH 3/25  Boris Epshteyn suddenly leaves
Political crap 
Greta I don't think it's a cover-up I think they just needed the information out there and didn't have any other recourse.
Democrats are pathetic! They want multiple layers instead of the bottom line-Obama's political espionage!
I now understand why you left Fox.  What a shame. You are part of the biased media reporting. You used to be credible.
She seems to piss off the left & the right. That's tough for ratings but suggests integrity & non-bias.
How can we the people hope for a better life when watchdogs become politically motivated and lie to us all? Who can we trust now? What say U
N u figured this out whn? I need 2 run 4 office or put a psychic sign outside my door!
Anything DT is involved in is criminal in its beginnings Evidence made up planted AskJohn Baron/JohnMiller or his dad's alter ego Mr. Greene
YOU GRETA are like Judas, "sold your soul for a some coins" shame on you. I respected you before, NOW? first time watching and will be LAST!
@DevinNunes is a nitwit.  He couldn't have orchestrated anything
what does 30,000 deleted emails smell like greta?
Not if the intelligence is valid... #FTR

Greta have you had your interview with CNN
cover-up that is being orchestrated out of the White House YEP the Obama WH! Sadly you did NOTHING but help him do it!
Its a 'hit dog' that hollers loudest.
You are so full of BS who cares who the source is, is the material true is all that matters
Really greta? Just stop the speculation , you claim to go after facts... guess not! Proof in the pudding!
Smells more of democrat & MSM conspiracy against present administration
It's ok to feel that way but if it is true please don't whine
Oh please @SenMarkey ! Only coverup is from the left! What are they hiding 
Haha. Greta full of Fox friends, still!! The investigation, Michelle, is not left/right. It's FBI. It's Russia attacking non-Trump campaigns
Of course they would say that, that's what they do. They are afraid!
