GOP = Gas and Oil Party. Fuck them all!!!...#TheResistance
Thanks for the concern!  We are in Nebraska where the pipeline goes through.
We'll be chewing our water  & wearing gas masks
Yeah...like all the BS they pushed 30Yrs ago saying we would be under water, or wait no frozen by now, hot? Who knows
30 years ago the projection was the same. The model has gotten better.
Green is nothing more than the new Red. It's been exposed and will change its brand once again

can you say New Sink holes.
Please give proof how climate change will worsen or stop trying to fear monger your illiterate supporters. FAKE NEWS. #EDMALARKY

Thank you Senator!
@Marina_Sirtis #KeystoneXL #DAPL #climatechange #JointSession I would bet, that Trump's family, somehow has oil interests. 
Oh Tim, this time it's changing in ways you cannot imagine or survive.

The key is not reducing supply, but in reducing deand.
@Marina_Sirtis  Listen people. It's safer than rail or truck. It's not funding terrorism like Saudi Oil. Give Canada a break.
Just keep it in the ground!
of course.. it's about money. Greed driven!
how? This oil is already being transported by more carbon intensive means
@Wyobandit @randytuggle 97% of scientists have proven it, won't see it on Fox(fake) News #trumprobot
@annemariayritys Why do we have to be the middle man! We have all the hazard!
Looking forward to your help in stopping Spectra here in Mass...
so what, you think the oil wasn't gonna get sold if the pipe didn't go in. I mean, I guess u could be that stupid.
We must stop them.
And Fred Flintsone with his peddle car single handily saved the dinosaurs @SenMarkey
@CliffBarackman How so? Please cite credible studies...
if no pipeline, oil will be shipped from a new arctic port.  Is that really better?
I buy oil dude affordable oil is in help of the people YESONTRUMP
when a fool speaks his name is ed
Admit it.The climate fraud is a proxy for anti- capitalism and anti- prosperity.And its outed.
@ProtectWinters it won't worsen climate change. The oil is being burned either way. Either we get paid to transport or we dont
sounds just @TurnbullMalcolm @JoshFrydenberg here in Australia who put their buddies in #coal ahead of people #globalwarming
The climate's been changing for 4.5 billion years. Nothing new. We can't effect it. We are very small.
China is screwing the climate faster than the rest of the world ever could.
@SenateDems that is what Republicans do.  Oil interest over people all the time
#KeystoneXL and #DAPL will lessen carbon emissions by eliminating use of ships/trains/trucks for transport of oil.
where is the proof? What happens when the pipes fail and the water is tainted... the people lose...
@SenateDems And what are you and other democrats in power doing to combat this, specifically?  What  new DNC leadership position?
@greenpeaceusa and when it blows. It blows the red states, btw...
@greenpeaceusa @realDonaldTrump #MakingItWorse
@SenateDems We can use our own oil STOP GETTING OIL FROM OTHERS!!!
keystone will not creat jobs fact is the people building the pipeline already works for the oil companies folks r been lied 2
@SenateDems Not true
nope but those policies are what have led to the 4th lowest a good gdp under any president!!!
keystone is not a job creator fact is fossil fuels created 200 jobs per year where clean fuel creates 50,000 per year
@Marina_Sirtis climate change isn't man made its a natural phenomenon. The many trucks and private jets pollute much more anyhow
Senator Markey, pay attention to the president! That's what I'm paying you for!
you're paying for it?  Lol, you got a job? One other observation you're not the majority. Fools fool
False statement.
@greenpeaceusa GET EM ED!!
totally agree will be a rise in cancer rates due to benzene in our waterways from lack of regulations just look @ our history
Climate change? How? Facts please
@Marina_Sirtis #FakeNews
Not hardly . . . wake up …
@ChristopherNFox Living in the past. Reducing America's leadership in the future.
yet he won - no the one that is full of is watching from home
@SenateDems Focuss people. #TrumpRussia
Where is your proof? What about the jobs it will provide?
#NoDAPL sends an oil pipeline over the largest water source in America. Bad choice really stupid
No it will create jobs and more independence from foreign interest.
you've got it wrong
Nor buying any Dem bs anymore.
What's the pipe is laid, the workers who put it there can bend over and take it up the ass just like the rest of us!
Ed you change your last name to Mularkey because you are pushing a bunch of 
You mean those fuzzy numbers y'all claim are climate change.
Let's move forward with Next Generation Nuclear Power!
I don't believe this!
Not true... There is already a pipeline there and things are fine.
Hey Ed, Term limits are good news for all of us. See ya
oh stop it.
climate change is uncertain, what do you really know about it.
Can you prove it?
