How about a really mean tweet- that should scare them
All talk!! No action!! Gotta golf now! Worry bout that later....
Just turn it over to someone who knows what they doing and then u can go
Relax! He's finishing his score card for the back nine & has to get a couple of Russian hookers under his belt. Then he'll get around to it
Action against North KOREA by USA is planned to reinstate TRUMP and make him Hero like BUSH.
He is too busy playing golf!
#ModernDayPresidential
I believe he's packing Jared's suitcase now.
He can't even find the giant black limo in front of him.
If Obama played golf during a crisis, Republicans would be having a fit. Wait—they did.
That's funny
Go play golf?
Trump is a weak leader
I mean come on..it took alot for him to login..to cell phone..big step..and then the message..all by himself..no writer??
Probably Republicans, right? They are warmongers, men are warmongers. No war with N. Korea. Their leader is a psychopath.
War?
"Stronger?"  Be careful what you ask of this dimwitted ignoramus.
Be sure to use caution!
He has no idea what to do.
Lawmakers demand stronger #Trump response after #NorthKorea missile test
http://politi.co/2tmx6hZ 
#SouthKorea #China #Japan #Russia
#ICBM
Hang in there potus is coming up with the greatest plan ever  His supporters keep tweeting that's its coming 
DPRK:   TRUMPF:
Since he abdicated America's leadership role in international affairs, who in the world is listening?
He already tweeted...what more do you want from this incompetent #FakePresident?
How about "any" response?  Bueller?...
He'd respond but the bone spurs in his feet won't allow him.
They wish
He could send them 2..no, 3 tweets! And a video of his wrestling might!
I hate to say this, but I don't. The LAST thing we need is to be at war under trump.
Maybe he will make a video of him clotheslining Kim Jong Un and show him what a badass he really is
if you were in n. korea, and your "enemy" was led by donald trump, what would you do? what would/should china do?  trump changes all.
please don't..... Instead of pressing the diet coke button we may not see the future
Funny everyone  obama for leading from the rear.  Including letting people be gassed in Syria.No response from obama.Remember the red line?
Never happy no matter what he does it will wrong in their eyes or pocket book
Good move.  With NK threat playing golf should solve thinks.
OMG. Someone please tell me there's a grownup gonna keep us from being blown up. Strong leader. Ha
Comments here are so ridiculous and uninformed that politico is a comedy site. He won. NONE of this crazy shit means a thing! Typical Dimms!
More Tweets? Stronger Tweets?
when they become president they can make the decision. until then shut up he just did it the last few hours.
It would be unwise to push a president like tRump who has proven he has a short temper.  Americans don't want a war with NK.
But...that would mean he'd have to leave his golf game...
What do they want--more tweets? That's all @realDonaldTrump knows how to do.
Perhaps tweet a gif with Kim Jong Un's face superimposed over Vince McMahon's as you clothesline him at Wrestlemania.
Maybe he'll wait until he TALKS with other leaders at G20 THIS week! Dimms want I'm to say something premature to poison his visit!
Thia the only bi-partisan war he can start   as long as our diplomats gain support from China and Russia or it will become a shit storm.
Trump is too busy golfing,attacking the media, tweeting and getting ready for meeting with daddy Putin to work about N Korea
Let the LAWMAKERS do it.  Don't they have to debate the articles of war before POTUS can strike, unless its imminent
When will you guys realise trump just want to watch cable news,play golf, and be on Twitter.
Trump doesn't have a clue what to do.  In way over his head.
Wrong!
What? ANOTHER TWEET???
They'll just have to wait until he is back from his golf outing. Really, where are the lawmaker's priorities.
His only response will be yelling Fore! On a golf course
So childish, uninformed and stupid!
He's a chicken shit
He can only give strong responses through his twitter account.
Has he been paying attention to his security briefings? I don't think he listens to anything besides revenge-plotting for "enemy-listers."
Can't it wait? He's in the right side rough.
Why didn't they demand stronger response from Obama? He didn't do anything to stop little Kim and now he might have weapon that can reach US
He thinks kim is smart remember when he said that
Like - tweet his wrestling video and change CNN logo to pic of Kim John  Um?
Noooooooo.....He only has 2 settings: Either it's all about him or somebody has to get hurt because it's not about him.
He already tweeted about it. What more could they want?
Everything is awful.
US,China,Russia,Japan,South Korea really should work together on this, not independently. It's crazy for us to go this alone.
Really? Most Americans know Trump has no clue what he's doing. All he can do is tweet. So tired of this whole administration!
Stop showing your ignorance!
You actually believe Trump is doing a good job? Stop showing your ignorance!
Putin is telling him that's it'll be alright after he takes over
I've been reading up on this.
You mean something other than goading them into with his tweet late yesterday?
China and Russia left him out of the talks because he is inexperienced and knows nothing.
After he changes his underwear, he will go visit Poontan for instructions.
Stupid lawmakers, they have been quiet on Russia because Russia won them elections. Be principled numbskulls. Say the same on Russia!!!
Lawmakers didn't say Crap to Obama for 8yrs but now with Trump they demand action. They are self-serving,hypocrites that should be voted out
Maybe north korea should criticize him, that seems to get his attention more than anything else #weakprez
Trump ought to do a video with him taking down North Korea's illustrious leader in WWE fashion. 
And they'll get it; a twitstorm
President Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love #TheBase #TrumpBiographyTitles
Oh FFS.  Trump has no foreign strategy.  He's just gonna wing-it.  Got that?!
Sad. You have NO idea, Snowflake!
Why dont our lawmakers turn to NATO?  We are not to police the world.  Lets hear from NATO.
You mean a tweet isn't going to pass for a response?
Good luck with that.  Lol
Haha
Be careful what you wish for @politico, next time it'll be Kim Jong on the mat...
Lawmakers demand a trump response after n Korea. Good article.
Perhaps DJT can make a fake video where he body slams Kim Jon Un
