so why are they being allowed to proceed without meeting the requirements (disclosure of financials, resolution of conflicts)?
@NoLiesLizzy and the Democrats haven't done a single thing to stop them not one thing
a lot of people were feeling ignored this last election well it's going to happen again u guys need 2 do something
Shutmut, ... Says you, our #DrainTheSwamp Poster Child
you mean ppl who are aleady rich and successful and have no need to be bought? How'd you get ur money, Chuck?
what do you think senators are?
You are Anthony Weiner's mentor and therefore not a good judge of character. Rigorous scrutiny for those you "mentor".
if any incident of terrorism happens in US I hold you and the party of Andrew Jackson and Nathaniel Bedford Forrest responsible
Just make sure you don't vote yes on any of these appointees then.
thank you for doing your job even though republican obstructionists will try to make the trump xmas list. We support you!!
keep the pressure on the swamp-dwellers. Block them! People of conscious are behind you!
None of these liberals have researched their own party..Reid, Menedez, CLINTONS. Pots calling kettles black
yet, not crazy

therein lies the rub
@NoLiesLizzy what good is scrutiny going 2 do they'll just vote them in any way they don't give a s** that they're crappy people
@SpeakerRyan is like a shark on Feeding Frenzy he's one of the least Christian people I think I've ever seen EVIL
@chuckschumer HOW can BEST EXPERTS be BAD for Cabinet? Cause they aren't DC insiders? PLEASE EXPEDITE PROCESS? Partisan Obstruction So PETTY
When they DO refer back to past admins, please remind 'them' that most of past Nominees had VAST EXPERIENCE in their fields!
- You-tube is nothing but commercials now.  What a waste!
- You-tube is nothing but commercials now.  What a waste!
confirm the Cabinet
so the Cabinet launched into the seas of Democracy  Yo ho ho and a bottle of Rum https://soundcloud.com/k-k-k/yo-ho-ho-and-a-bottle-of-rum …
Your policy is scrutinize and then vote yes. You are nothing but talk.
you voted yes for Pompeo.
This swamp cabinet will #DTS, who better to revolutionize a 4 trillion gov than uber successful billionaires @POTUS
#theSwampCabinet#greenSlime
God forbid we get people that are successful and know what they're doing!!  Who would want that?  Dangerous!
South is getting rocked. You will be held responsible for slow federal relief because no @POTUS cabinate
your job is to make sure they are fully vetted. Do it !!!!
@slkavney AND ALL THE SLEEZY GOPers are A-OKAY with it!
HRC had many conflict of interests -her brother Haiti, Podesta  company, pay for play, etc -Yet you endorsed her! Hypocrite.
Sent. Schumer, This is the most corrupt, unsympathetic, and egoist cabinet with an agenda to destroy the US. Who will stop them?
such hasty generalizations about their philosophies and "alternative facts." U don't want successful ppl running these agencies?
Confirm them.   #obstructionist
At least they know how to make money.
please be fearless in proving they deserve a Cabinet position
president Trump selection for cabinet will make this country correct right prosperous and successful you dimwits have ruined it
Obama was a professor with no scholarship and you elected political morons to ruin this country Trump's Pixar excellent
In 2011, average us dem senator worth 3x more than repub senator. 2012, 2x. Your thoughts? And I understand you're doing well.
Kettle and pot, Chuck?
Remind me again how Obama reigned in the bankers?
So multimillionaires instead for Hillary?  Unlike Sandy Berger, Clintons can't order these guys to steal public records.
you DONT HAVE THE VOTES. Every one you try to stop gets us closer to winning in 2020. Keep it up!
Agreed!  We need backbones made of steel. Not this wishywashy crap.
The goys are waking up. 

@NormanGolightly
Obama's cabinet was full of corruption & you gave them all a pass. Hypocrit!
Senator Al Gore was chief Senator that fought the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
Having a record of success in business is bad? What qualifies a candidate?  Accomplishments don't matter?
what are the chances any of them are actually blocked? Which R Sens should we be calling?
Senator you do not have the votes and you need to get on with this. You lost 34 States and it will grow with road blocks.
The richest & most corrupt cabinet in history and they haven't even started. #swampSoFull #ImpeachmentSoon
Fight like hell! I'm behind you all the way!
we are counting on you Senator Schumer.
Hey Democrats--"We The People" are watching you too..so do your job and stand up against Trump! #NotMyPresident
you are so right. Stop Trump,
Yes & you'll fight for a day then roll over. Just like Obama/Hillary Dems always do.
#drain the swamp#no build a canal to connect more slimy creatures
@OurbabyMinx how about we scrutinize your dirty dealings.
Oh so having money is bad now. You seem to be OK with billionaire Michael Bloomberg or Hollywood millionaires.
@OurbabyMinx they know how to get er done.
So why aren't you blocking them? @whirrll
won't matter they will all get thru. Rules, laws, respect are not words used by Trump. America has lost everything today
So what do the Dems intend to do? The time for polite silence is OVER!

and What do you think HRC would have? a bunch of foundation insiders!
@BreezyLovinInWV his pick to oversee public education is a public ed hater and wants to put her God in all schools.
they are ALL HORRIBLE!!!
@cdelbrocco Scrutiny!? How ‘bout vigorous outright rejection? Can _any_ politician stand up straight and say “No. Never. Wrong.”
This sickens America! The REAL patriots!!!
Everyone of them is a million times more intelligent than you with proven success and not on the gravy political train like you!

hushhhhhhh chuck
I don't care if they are rich. It's the ethics issues that are a problem across the Trump administration
@realDonaldTrump #racisttrump the whole cabinet is racist they hate Latinos blacks handicapped women, @maddow @KellyannePolls
shame on you chuck schumer
http://www.operationveracity.com/trump-scam/trumpinc.html …
keep up the good fight.
pls tell me it is NOT ok to invest in stocks & enact legislation affecting said companies. Even in Congress
@DNC Come on, guys! These graphics are petty gimmicks that won't be winning us future votes. Let's be smarter with our strategy.
and his donors get top seats
and other than Mattis, not ONE has any experience in areas they are nominated for "Good work, Brownie" all over again
you are the (Sch)muck in the swamp!!
jealous so you hate!
Sounds like envy, Chuck!
@cdelbrocco but they will be confirmed and we lose
◆Please stop calling it a swamp...Trumps cabinet is *Sewer..A Goldman Sachs, Billionaire  *Sewer.
VOTE NO on every one of them.
Keep fighting, attacks coming your way, I'm sure.
very rigorous scrutiny!
@TheDemocrats  Nominees Background Checks, Security Clearances.Check out @mattyglesias's Tweet: https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/822282429314514944?s=01 …
please keep fighting. this is an abomination to America and standards of excellence.
@comeonnoles USA is now controlled by the1%Gop now has gotten its dream a mostly white millionaire dictatorship with no media
@LeslieMarshall Senator, you apologize for causing 2008 meltdown. You & Dodd won CRA argument w/Fannie & Freddie Am economy lost
oh-- you didnt attack the Generals!!!!
at least they will get something done for the people instead of just collecting a check
you are way off base. Overlooking their tremendous qualifications.
People are moving out of NY in record numbers. Check the facts. I guess the writing is on the wall. NYC and California =Swamps.
A cabinet full of smart business men who know how to get it done. Unlike you and your team; all talk no action.
Talk about election fraud. Had to be going on to get you elected. You sir are an embarrassment to this country.
DRAIN THE SWAMP!! Starting with you Chuckie Cheese!!!
Stop bitching & stop it! You should have fought illegitimate election, where is independent comm to investigate coup& treason?

Stand firm against this unqualified bunch
You my friend have made no secret of your dislike of Trump.  .   You are against this administration before it has started.
yes, but sadly, every single one will be confirmed. In reality our party has become quite powerless & weak.
Don't roll over!
We now have a admin that will only work to benefit themselves and do nothing for the american people.
YOU TELL EM CHUCK!! #fightingdems #FearNothing #TheResistance is WITH YOU 
STOP THEM.
we are counting on you guys!
@thisjustinlive No sir, it is a septic tank cabinet
all with the worst intentions for the country
and special friends of special interest, like this Pruitt guy http://nyti.ms/2k1MRoB 
will you please vote no on Sessions and DeVos's noms, at the ? If I see Duckworth and Durbin, tell them 2 join you.
Necessary to take on exisring stench-filled swamp full of corrupt establishment millionaires, whores & pimps. @realDonaldTrump
You obviously don't understand what #DrainTheSwamp means. It's self-serving career politicians and lobbyists like you. It's.....
not successful billionaires, Wall St bankers, or titans of industry. #clueless
hey hypocrite http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/3100115 … pull that log out of your own eye.
Trump just adding the alligators #SwampCabinet

I must say, DJT telling the American ppl she was bad for taking $speaking@GS. Then lining his cabinet with them. Master Trolling
literally none of these people pictured should get a single Dem vote. Unprepared, not representative of America & dangerous!
You got nothin. Nothin. Nothin. Thanks To Harry Reid for leaving you nothing but a title.
Pack of losers, but you're gonna have to pick your spots- can't dump them all. Pruitt and DeVos are the least qualified.
@realDonaldTrumpTrump never disclosed tax returns. Republican swamp invites swamp http://cabinet.One  hand washes the other
If Republicans accept these candidates is because the @WhiteHouse is corrupt and unethical. Protecting corruption.Civil war soon
The swamp is being filled with swamp monsters& bottom feeders.Welcome to the USSSR.We've been annexed.Thanks to spineless Dems.
hoping for due diligence on the part of democrats and responsible republicans.
. That's the Emperors way, friends and family that will cash in on foreign opportunities when in power. Oil, Gas, real estate etc
stop being a theatrical blowhard & just confirm the selections, then get the hell out of the way and let them fix what u screwup
good bye Obummer, hello President Trump!
hey Chuck, the ppl are in a MOVEMENT unlike b4 so get used to it! Dems have torn down our core values! Enough said???
Then get your Dem colleagues to step up and do something! Should have done something b4, supported @HillaryClinton
I’ve drained the swamp, scraped up the scum and now filling my cabinet with it. #EndDemocracy
please fight every one!
Bankers, billionaires and bigots
I rather have billionaires,bankers then all of you crooked politicians that only think of yourselves.all you do is spend our $$$
"Wall Street Money Rains on Schumer"
http://www.politico.com/story/2009/09/wall-street-money-rains-on-schumer-027643 …
you mean successful?
none are #superdelegates something has to be done! Maybe a door prize or gift card for putting up w/ #Establishment fools like u
After 8 years of incompetence, a cabinet that gets small business, our military & foreign policy. Confirm them Chuck.
@LeChatNoire4 all of the above should not be confirmed.
Yeah, God forbid we get success driven people instead of politically driven dems. #schumershutup
chuck you are the swamp.  Remember kings highway!
Oppose! Obstruct! Deny SCOTUS!
keep fighting the good fight!
@BlazeBerner Come give 'me HELL!
Aren't most of these your constituents?
Why are you all letting these pigs in?  Help us out here....we're dying.
@cdelbrocco Each and every one has the intent to destroy the dept they will be in charge of!! #shameful #RESISTANCE
Will Democrats at trump inauguration be seated between Comrade Comey and Putin, or seated at their feet?
Well #trump lied about 99% of everything including #draintheswamp when he's #fillingtheswamp. #notmypresident @SenSchumer @paolo_sf
Go there Chuck ! Fight them tooth n nail !
Flexing your puny muscles .
@RepMoBrooks R's complainting  R's scrutinized,blocked POTUS Nominees.Why should D's rush Confirmations?
every representative in Washington is a millionaire, just like you.
Politicians have failed America. Give business people a chance.
@SimmoneFrank Truth Shall Prevail! Stand up and Stay Strong 
is he starting an administration or a pirate ship?!?
drain the swamp means get rid of The filth like your self who's been there wayyyyyy too long. Ur days are numbered
So don't approve them w/o thorough vetting. Then don't approve them b/c they're opposed to offices they'd lead.
Your so out of touch your friends fill your head, but we are all jumping ship College Educ Women Your making us sick
Trump's version of taking on Wall Street
Um Chuck... do you know who your donors are, bud?
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems -it's time to drain the #gopswampscum and time to repeal and replace #donthecon - #impeachdonthecon
