No Shit. Where was your spine a year ago?
Bologna. Bogus stats. Stop insulting voters.
Its great that people want the min. wage raised. But think about the cost of living it will go up as well thus no one gets ahead.Status Quo
If politicians can't live on $175,000 a yr, what makes you think citizens can live on $15 hr.?
Help women get training for 21st century jobs so they can get real pay. Even $15/hr is not enough, wouldn't you agree?
And the other 2/3 would be unemployed or on the way out.  Good work!
Yeah, and the other two women may be out of a job because of course employers will have to reduce staff.
One in 3 women might receive a raise if they would expand their horizons and get a job skill that is needed in this economy.
Employer A struggles to pay employees $10 per hour because of high taxes and Regs. Government tells Employer A to pay $15/hr. Bye bye jobs
If your margin cant support employees, do the work yourself or go get a job. The law should not entitle you 2 exploit others. Not in my name
Guaranteed the employer struggling to pay $10/hr is working many times harder than any of employees.
That's what employers like to tell us but you don't see them selling off their businesses and going to work 4 some1 else.
Many employers started or family started their own business, I would rather work 80+ hours in something I have pride in.
Exactly, there's huge freedom in running your own business. The freedom to pay workers less than a living wage not included.
Most business owners take 2 much out of the business, leaving cash flow unnecessarily tight, providing an excuse to rip off workers.
Raising the minimum wage will cause mass inflation and then workers will be even poorer. We know this, stop lying to people
And the price of a cheeseburger would increase to eight dollars. Change can be had if you work for it not by a handout. Better yourself
Including substitute teachers in most of MA! Licensed or not, the per diem rate comes to $11.50-$14.50/hr for a vital job.
2024 is far off
2024 what!? Why do women have to wait so long when men get $15/hr now 
More than one in three... you couldn't just write the actual fraction?
2024 is seven years. Those women need that money now and by 2024 the minimum wage will need to go up again.
Exactly
Let companies know they can not give a Base Pay & work people 6 days a week 10 hours a day & pay just about nothing & kill the person
Cough cough *bull
Bull shit. Raise the min wage on a job that's worth $9.00 an hour at most
Really 2024?
What do you buy for $15 in Washington DC ??? A cup of coffee and a bagel, extra for the cream cheese and lox !!!
How would those women feed their family when the cost of food rises?
How about by 2017 ... wtf is 2024 a-hole? By then it should be much higher.
And how many would lose their jobs as their marginal utility to employers fell?
Economics 101.
Too long. Minimum wage, by most accounts, should be in the neighborhood of $12/hr now.
That says something, eh?
Women should be paid the same  as men
Pay for it by cutting your bloated check.
Sir, can you explain a bit more please? Also why are all the Dems so hell bent on @POTUS
And as many would lose their jobs you dolt.
With the new tax plan for corporations this is much more possible all in their own.
And 2 out of 3 would lose their job
And the other 2 will lose their jobs.
i could stop turning wrenches but who's going to fix you car
Raising the minimum wage is a political carrot for Democrat votes. People are waking up to their Robin Hood game
10 out of 10 businesses will raise the cost of their products to cover the wages so everything is more expensive -purchasing power neutral
What's wrong with people like you? Poor people can't be poor if they have money just like the rich can't be rich if we don't give them money
And what happens to the other 2/3 who's wages aren't raised? They will pay more for everything because of the inflation by raising the MW
The other 2 of 3 will become unemployed by your stupid ideas
Then a happy meal would B 7.00 how exactly does this help. Its basic math, at 15.00$ an hour there is no discount
Would u make corporate "donors" wait 7 years b4 giving them what they want? U think people making min wage have 7 years? U insult the People
Pay women the same as men for doing the same job and this statement might not need to be made #genderpaygap
Which, to me says, we have too many crappy jobs in this country, and not enough good jobs. How about you actually FIX a problem for once?
2024? Come on Democrats! Your conflicts are showing. Working families need $15/hr NOW! Why can't u respond to our needs in a timely manner?!
Sure . Because everyone can afford a $10 burger at McDonalds.
If you ever took an econ class you'd know about pricing elasticity. McDonald's would have to pay a good portion of the raise w/it's profits.
Pay inequity for women in same jobs never even discussed by GOP
Women not included by GOP when decisions made@ their bodies
McDonald's makes more money then they know what to do with. The can afford it.
Why wait to 2024. It should be at minimum $15 an hour now.
I want what you make Ed!
Inflation and diminish those wages of those that worked hard and didn't settle. Maybe we can make more people dependent on the government!
2024? It need to be done ASAP. It would help the economy also with people having more to spend.
It will help put more people unemployed and on welfare
Wont be working at all as too high wage would force businesses to automate.
I would go up by $4/hour  $11/hr with 14cent raise in 3 1/2 years.
Frankly sir, you don't care. You're a senator to get your pockets lined, nothing more.
A statement without any supporting detail!
Not to mention, why even mention "women" in this tweet? Are you implying women are cheap?
If people made 15.00 an hour, could they afford medical care for their entire family?
Not really. Deductable was 6000 for me and $217 a month. Cheaper to pay fine.
As long as you don't get sick.
Fine fine fine I'll probably pay my workers that but I'm firing my 2nd floor maid at my winter villa in Aspen. That's on you Sir.
$15 in 2024 will leave us at the same issue we are having now... WTF.
This is why progressives just want to start a new party. Democrats don't even pretend to put working families first.
Sure give them a raise that would be passed onto the customer, and they would have no incentive to go to school to get higher paying jobs.
Democrats provide a quick bandaide approach that gets votes, but does nothing to solve any real long term problems.
By 2024? Are you stoned. By then it won't be worth any thing.
Why stop at $15? Surely your version of justice would demand more!
And That's still peanuts. This is not a living wage. This is for first time job employees. I.e.  High school students ! #RaiseTheWage
