Thank you Sen. Schumer.  These young people are terrified.  I have heard their stories. I wish the Republicans  would listen.
This boy is in a gang. You're not getting the whole story.
I read that story. I don't believe that is what the senator referred too.  He supports DACA as intended
I was referring to my own work with churches and sanctuary.
You must not take one case as representative of the undocumented community.
well he wasn't an ice priority, he was picked up when his illegal alien felon father was picked up.
press this matter. Very unfair to these young people who trusted the govt
it's not 'their' government to trust, they are illegal. Deport not support!
you have NO compassion! Do you have children??
yep  grandchildren but I am not certain y that is important to u.  If u r  here illeaglly u have to go
oh! Then just a closed mind.
IF I rob a bank in a sanctuary city would that be an undocumented withdrawl? Undocumented = ILLEGAL enforce the laws
lol...
Thank you!  Our students are scared. Our young people are scared. This is not America! @SenSchumer @SenWarren @SenGaryPeters @SenStabenow
they should be and if they are not legal they should go...
Those protected under DACA are (were) legal! They should be protected! @April_in_NYC @SenSchumer @SenWarren @SenGaryPeters @SenStabenow
Dude they are ILLEGAL what don't you understand? Why are we wasting tax payer money on Illegals? {and you}
they dont get it. They seem to think illegals can vote? Deport not support?
gang member!
where was all this when obama was deporting people chuck?  Oh that's right, you are a hypocrite
Except for the gang membership, yeah?
Self-admitted gang member.  Not contributing to this great country.
I hope you are playing stupid. He's a gang member who is not working & contributing.
#PRESIDENTTRUMP IS RIGHT......
unless they became felons
#IllegalImmigrant & gang member. EXACTLY the correct kind of priority. Stop putting criminals above citizens & LEGAL immigrants!
gang member, stop lying Chuck
DANIEL AND HIS FATHER ARE NOT WORKING.????
Hey Democratic you don't work for #Illegals. You work for ONLY THE AMERICAN PPL. We pay your salary thru our high taxes.
are you serious? DACA recipients are not criminals! This is enough, impeach now!
if they are here illeaglly then they have done something wrong
 Deport...Not support.
why do you keep spelling illegally wrong?
#fakenews Most are adults-20's and 30's. America is broke and tax payers can't afford to pay. Maybe @MerylStreepPage can help.
and I know gang members are great contributors idiot
Other sad case is the Phoenix mom deported to Nogales, Mx. Hard working with 2 kids and paying taxes.  No sense at all!
and a felon ask the person how much fun her life's been since she decided to steal her identity
. What Part of Illegal Don't you Understand? They are ALL Criminals due to being Illegal! Enforce our Laws NOW!!!
ditto that
ALERT #AMERICANS....THIS SENATOR WORKS FOR YOU, NOT #ILLEGALFOREIGNERS. YOUR TAXES ARE SO HIGH BECAUSE OF #ILLEGALS.
He is gang member you dim witted twatwaffle.
Especially if they are gang members
Even the ones that self-identify as gang members?
did you miss the "self-admitted gang member" part there Chuckie?
Is that a tear in your eye?
Gang member, but of course the Dim party will help him to vote.
DACA recipients aren't.  Gang members, are.  Get with it chucky boy.
ALL illegals are priority. It's called enforcing the laws.
dangerously naive to assume every one of these is "working&contributing". Although I guess that sounds better than gang-banging
you still whining like a little girl?? go get your lollipop and sit in the corner
The problem Chuck is, that sometimes turkeys hang with turkeys and hard to tell apart. Maybe he should've hung around eagles
DACA guy admits he's a gang member, he's here illegally. Deport him now.
The trafficking community will miss Ramirez.
If this "self-admitted gang member" is in a gang & who murders another Kate Steinle type, WILL YOU RESIGN SEN. SCHUMER & MAGA?!?
I'm sick and tired of people who defend criminals and Illegals. I say deport all of them.
He's a gang member and here ILLEGALLY. Get him out BEFORE he kills someone. Follow the law
Isn't he a self-admitted gang member?  How does that contribute to our country.
You've done nothing EVER to keep us safe! Only lined your pockets with special interests groups bribes! About to END!
Since when do admitted gang members contribute to society? I'll wait for your answer.
do your job well, or, sir, YOU may not have one to do
But are they here legally.  Are we a nation of laws or not?  If I go 2 Mexico and decide to stay I must obey their rules. #MAGA
Keep fighting Chuck - a constiuent
yes but at what cost to the tax payers??????
send trumps wife BACK...
send trumps wife BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
send trump back.she's a gold digger
If the have become Americans , FINE, BUT their parentsd  are breaking the law if here ILLEGALLY !!!!
they are still illegal and need to be deported.
Don't they have more important hardened criminals like those drug dealers & rapists to worry about?
sure they are!!!  Hahaha.. 1000 seats lost and I wake up smiling again, knowing MY taxes help deport, not support
you sir serve at the pleasure of the CITIZENS of these United States so do your job for us tax paying CITIZENS
#investigatethe23
Plz let them know they could work on getting legalized
No matter how you word it if they are here ILLEGALLY then they should be DEPORTED. Chuck do your job or step aside.
No they shouldn't. So step up and do something to stop it. Stop tweeting and talking and DO YOUR JOBS
I want you to eat my bullet or tomahawk!
The American people have spoken and are tired of illegal immigrants pouring into our country. We are all for legal immigrants.
u and your party suck.
the majority of ICE arrests were criminals
, therefore making it illegal. The guy had 23 years to become a legal citizen and did nothing. Round them up and send them back.
On 6/23/16, The Suprm Court upheld a lower court's ruling that DACA was unconstitutional
we are very tired of you and your big mouth
stop all immigration we don't need this dead wt on our backs!
They are here illegally!!  You should resign
You are off message @SenSchumer  Let Obama set you straight!!! https://twitter.com/zlando/status/829980829032005634/video/1 … #TrumpImpeachmentParty
how bout some examples?
what does that have to do with it? THEY were AMERICANS and they would be disgusted by YOU as I am
if ICE is breaking the law then prosecute; if not then they are doing their job. Am I missing something?
ya know, had you been working WITH the president, this may have been considered. It is because of YOU these people may be @ risk
U need to go back and check, they said there were black marks on his record, find out what they are? then comment!
DACA was ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court, you know who they are...Right?
contribute what to not pay and file taxes, to claim assistance from our country...this is not what we want
Exactly.  Were ICE agents given quotas to fill and this was an easy way to get numbers?
U know what the young people do in my office? They play on their iPhones. Read their kindle & talk to each other. No work
then tell them to work and get off your phone.
Baloney. The young people of today r living off Mom & dad plus they r getting handout from u. I'm tired of supporting the brats
They are criminals who came into this country illegally. Now do your job and deport them.
End Daca and Dapa. Deport all who came here illegally and respect our laws!
these applicants have not had background checks, Obama allowed these applicants to be approved on an honor system. Unacceptable
He was a GANG member -
there illegal ! Deport them !
sounds like your policy on white collar crime too
how about the 493k illegals that Obama deported last year? You don't give a shit, you are trying to rally minorities,..#fake
Why didn't you stand up for the 91 Cubans Obama sent back to Cuba on 1/19/17?  Double Standard!
Sen. Schumer, those young immig came to this country r now our children.  We must protect them make sure r productive citizen.
ILLEGAL IS ILLEGAL.
U would rather cause chaos and civil unrest and destroy America than work together and MAGA
that's not their priority, criminals, drug dealers, stop your fear mongering
what part of illegal dont you understand.
illegal immigrants mean they have broken the rule of law...thus criminals
they broke the law chuck! Deport them all, sort it out later!
One small detail,  They are illegal
Worry about ISIS and this country's safety, Trump is trying to keep the US safe YOU are not, Work with him!
Perhaps not a priority, but nonetheless Illegal immigrants Mr Schumer, we don't get to pick and choose the laws we follow!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @BBC
lies
Facts not fiction!!! We are a land of laws, its not ok to break the law. You're always making excuses for lawlessness
@SenMarkey Time to pass the torch fellas. Ds are in shambles. Time to step aside and give young new ideas a chance. DONEIN18!
as gang members chuck?  Your okay with that?
oh so now you are saying that children are working so we now child labor?
Chuck, ultimately at the end of the day they broke the law by coming into the U.S.
illegal is illegal and against federal law#growthefup
They're a priority because Trump wants them to be. He is ruthless, and this is his way of humiliating Democrats.
the young people are the future light and bliss of our nation. we need your sincere support every time.
wrong focus at the moment
Then do something!
DACA was a compassionate & logical immigration response.
They were let in illegally by the would be king gotta go can't stay here & be permanent Democrat voters (Sorry)
thank you for speaking out for DACA recipients.
DACA was ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court in June of 2016 moron. Illegal means illegal
OR was that to "deep" for you to understand???


Is that what they are doing? Why so much love for them? How in debt to America are they?
what about the 20 trillion dollars of debt???
get them out! Spend your time protecting legal citizens. This is getting old...
and why should illegals take our jobs while we set home this is our country.explain why 5 muslim states refuse any refugees
they are fucking illegal aliens!!!
the ICE raids are to distract the ppl from the shit storm that's hittin admin courtesy of Flynn. Keep us all busy, u know? Sad!
@SenMarkey not to mention DACA is still the law so......
They shouldn't even be on ICE's radar. Why is our country suddenly all about ruining people's lives for no reason?
our citizens are like second class citizens. ICE has a job to do. Don't interfere with their job.
GET RID OF TRUMP. THAT IS ALL U NEED TO FOCUS ON. WHEN THE HEAD IS ROTTEN THE WHOLE FISH IS ROTTEN. CUT IT OFF
U KNOW HOW TO SOLVE THIS? GET RID OF TRUMP. IF U DON'T TOMORROW THERE WILL BE A NEW FIRE & THE NEXT DAY.
they are wasting our resources. If they are going to do this they should be arresting cartel members. Not innocent people. Grrrr
And they're telling us illegal voting isn't significant.  Ha!
I wish we can deport Chuck Schumer.
Any one here illegally should be deported. No exception.
too bad
He was in a gang. You don't see a problem?
Chuckie Boy, if they are in this country ILLEGALLY they should be removed. They can come back following the immigration process!
DACA is a cheap labor scam.
Senator these people no nothing of how this was country came to be.
What about MS -13?
BS
Are they here legally Chuckster?
You might as well change your name to Harry Reid.
you're here illegally you're going home get used to it
And with your Neoliberalism, they're gonna get screwed by the same Oligarchs that's screwing the rest of us & ur so down w that.
are DACA students being targeted?
Were you paying attention?  Criminals and repeat offenders are targeted not innocent people. Why the hysteria
if they enter the country illegally,sorry to be the one to tell you it's a crime.
Senator, there r laws they have to live by!  Legal yes, Illigals NO!   Get a grip!
DACA is law...u need to get a grip
Exactly tell that to the ICE Agent and @realDonaldTrump who have seem to picked them up!
Schmur. GROW UP ..be part of the sulution. .. not the problem.  BTW. Both sides need to GROW UP
and stealing us blind
Agreed. #ICE should focus it's $6 billion annual budget on catching dangerous criminals not young dreamers!
exactly why not go through jails. Low hanging fruit, instead raids in towns, people who have lived here 4 yrs?
not...If they're gang members! Find out about that then we can see...
ICE tells parents, your citizen children can stay. They will be taken by child services, or you can take them with you. Cruel!
No Cruel... parents made the choice to come illegally to take advantage of America. Choices have consequences!
you going to foster them all? You're okay with parent less children?
what part of illegal do you not understand?
now now sir, take yr meds n we will talk next month.
that entered illegally???
You should have done something about it when you has a chance but you CARED more about re-election. Teaparty won anyway!
Can we not suspend ICE activity & enforcement in NY? Until "we figure out what's going on"?
You have definitive proof on every one of them that not one has committed a crime? Share it with ICE immediately
only if they have not committed a crime, but still here illegally
we promised these kids deferred action. America should keep its promises.
no not "we". Just you liberals who spend everyone else's money like drunken sailors
They were there for his father. @realDonaldTrump said he wasn't going to split up families, why are you so mad @SenSchumer?
