So says the fake Indians lackey
GOP corruption at the highest levels they are destroying our country
Could Sen. Markey be speaking of Benghazi??
the Russia cover-up is how Clinton Obama sold 20% of our uranium mines Clinton foundation 135mill$ from mine owner let's start there
Sent Ed Markey? Oh I see, MSNBC FAKE NEWS
We need the truth Senator. Our Republic is under siege by Traitors. Thank you for the hard work you do. God Bless America!
No scotus for a Russian appointed president. #independentprosecutor
Yes it is.  Worst then Watergate
Yes...the cover up of Obama's administration spying on Trump.
ha ha it worse than that it's as easy to spot as an Arizona dust storm wow call these criminals what they are criminals
The DNC you mean of course.
if it looks like a pig, smells like a pig, it's usually a pig
Ya think!
I don't think that's what you smell
fake news and McCarthyism
No, that would be his own backside he is smelling!
@realDonaldTrump ACTUALLY THAT SMELL IS SHIT AND THAT WOULD BE U DEMACRAPS ON FAKE NEWS OUTLET AND CRY BABY CORNER
The shit you smell is your own!
Yes, & messy huge cover
speculation
Really? I guess The Fake News media hasn't heard about Evelyn Farkas! Surprise!
Senator, it IS a coverup!
No, it REEKS of a cover-up.
If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck it's a freakin duck !! 
Very shitty smell.
Smells? It stinks to high heavens! Overlap Watergate and it fits perfectly. All The Presidents Men!
@SenMarkey Ya' think?
YEAH BIg STENCH
Stench of cover up, not just a smell.
It smells of much more than that!
you just smell
THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION is in full cover up mode right now >>EVELYN FARKAS WILL BE THE FIRST TO TURN ON OBAMA.
Those who believe that the Russian narrative is anything more than Dem BS is Deluded. Where's the proof? #thealtmiddle.net
It smelled of a cover up weeks ago. Now it's stinkin' like a corpse
@MSNBC Donald Trump Is The Worst President
Place your bets. 
#ImpeachedbyJune, #ImpeachedbySept #ImpeachedbyChristmas
Ya think ?  Ever had skunk stew ?  Your dog ever rolled in something dead ?
Bipartisan Senate Intel Committee testimony reveals lack of an organized response to new form of RU aggression beginning pre-2016.
Trump has been covering more crap than every car in America.  Tax Returns???????????
What was your first clue Mr. Markey
Cover up what.  The Russians did not vote.  You people are pissing off a whole lot of people.  Time for you to go!!
Smells of a set-up by Democrats rather than a cover-up by White House. They want to impeach President. Need evidence to succeed.
sure does if you sniff deeply it has Obama/Clinton odor. They have  particular smell. Bigger than Watergate.  Clinobama smell'
Markey is a freshman Senator, inexperienced and flakey.Cover-up began when Hillary destroyed 33,000texts And emails
Let's hope you use more than your nose to come to conclusion. Try waiting for the facts and quit playing politics. America is tired of bias.
@SenMarkey It just STINKS!
Looks like treason to me
cover up 
That's the stink of the nondraining del.
Smells!?!? It's foul-smelling & putrid.
Time for the Senate to subpoena Trump's tax returns.
Oh please..... Cover up??? Of what?? I'm still trying to figure out HOW the Russians "influenced" our election. They won't even tell us that
Oh like all the Clintons scandals oh right she's a Dems so no problem
what you are smelling is not a cover up it is Dem BS
it smells like my marsh at low tide, bad very bad
Where was all this outrage when Hills allowed our men to be murdered in Beganzi? Or any of her other crimes?
Just wondering if any of you watch anything besides MSNBS. CBS, NBC, CNN?
Ya think? If this crap keeps up we'll all be learning to speak Russian. 40% of Americans are incapable of sorting fact from fiction. Sad.
That's all it is stink lies and corruption! Take a stand! 
But the Clinton email scandal, Bill meeting with Loretta, Russian plutonium deal are not all about cover up? Never heard a peep on those! 
Have you ever noticed that every single thing they accuse Trump with, Hills, B.O, Polosli, Bernie S. the Left have done  the same thing?
You might mean STINKS of a cover up. Something akin to WHAT kitty covers up in the stinky litter box?
Looks like trump shit, smells like trump shit. Ahh, it's trump SHIT!
When it looks, walks, and talks like a duck, it is.
Most defenitly Nunez is doing the cover up for Trump with his ties with Russia. Just by running to trump says  everything.
Thank you @SenMarkey.  You are speaking the truth. #trumprussia needs to be exposed. The health of our democracy is at risk. 
Trump is going to smell something totally different when #impeachment day arrives. #trumprussia
@maddow @CNN @nytimes This hot steaming mess makes you want to scream at the @realDonaldTrump supporters "I told you so you jackasses! "
He should know that smell after all he is a politician
Really, u would say any lie about anything to do w/ Reps, cover-up is the name of the Democratic game.#DemCoverup
funny how the majority of the idiots that comment here already have all the facts and know what's happened. Think independently!!
@PressSec Per Sen Ed Markey...it doesn't pass the smell test. @SenMarkey
REEKS is more appropriate.
You think 
No that is just the gin smell on your breath.
WHAT A MESS! Now Flynn seeks immunity WTF!
Is that fact! Really? I never would have guessed!
Yep...they're in cover-up mode.
Tired of politics, try Star Citizen and get 5000 free UEC when you register and use this referral code STAR-9XHW-MCSR.
How bout if you and your D.C. Buddies start checking out the smells. @EdMarkey this is your country too.
You are right markley... I can smell it all the way from New York
LOL! Oh ya think? #NoBrainer
This should be easy to get to the bottom of this since Trump Administration is full of amateur politicians.
odd Ed never said that about @HillaryClinton and her server, IT ppl, phones being smashed with a hammer
The sooner we uncover the truth, the sooner we can remove this abomination from office, and get on with our lives.
This will become the biggest scandal in US history consuming all in it's path.
Markey smells
@I_Spy_a_Russian No... Thats called Eau de Trump. Yes it stinks but it wont last forever. #dumptrump #notmypresident
Skunk Trump
where has Obama been?
to me too.
If your best evidence is a smell, I think you socialist Libs are SOL.
umm, yeah?  
U know it!!!!! Lock them up!!
Yes it certainly does. It's feeling like the Media will be our only hope for getting to the bottom of this Scandal. Much like Watergate.
It smells of a cover-up....I'm in California and I can't breathe it stinks so bad
Is he talking about the clintons???????
I think its just the smell of Pelosi and Schumer as they see more seats going to republicans.
You smell.
Most with a nose do smell. 
This stinks of rotten people
Candyland, unicorns, and rainbows. #yourworld #lemmeknowhowthatworksoutforyou
now we can expect the GOP majority congress to get serious about the investigation??...they know they can't help Don so turn on him now!
I googled and a cover-up actually smells like rotten eggs with a splash of vomit.
Lets get past the "its a cover up" stage and get to substance of what is actually being hidden. Too much is at stake. #supremecourt #russia
now Israeli approved new settlements. Palestinians don't have choice except violence & blood against Israelis
I'm getting a lot of use out of: No !

Ya think? Duh
The problem is always the cover- up.
The smelly smell that smells...smelly.
Thats what you get when you put the Presidential race above the human race!
I'd rephrase that. It REEKS of a cover-up!
Yep smells awful, like liberals.
John Dean said that very same thing!
it sure does TREaSON
This thing smells worse than the NJ Turnpike in August
Ya think?
Its actually Russian hooker urine but you were close bub.
How does a coverup actually smell?
...like justice
or cheetos
WOW REALLY!?!?!?!?
