you are ON FIRE! Proud to have you representing me in Washington.
#PIZZAGATE is real!
not a lot of branches in your family tree, eh?
Great comeback, Cindy. What page of the CNN playbook for Lefties is that line on?  LMAO!  #pizzagate is real!
Dems are great until it's your kids, eh Cindy?

#pizzagate

It's coming down-----soon!  #pizzagate is real!
they are hypocrites! #SoCalledPresidentTrump
Trump is a big loser and a scam to americans
And said nothing when Il Duce threatened to destroy a man's career
i am with you all
@lmich2010 @SenWarren stop price and stop him now
No you are insulting Americans ,obstructing, stalling , drama, playing games, not getting work done! Approve Cabinet
#interferingwithMAGA
judge's should be scrutinized when they are political hacks.
Why would they respond when @POTUS is right. Do something worthwhile for the country.

The judge clearly overstepped his authority,  or in this case did not have any authority over this matter
YES! 
she should be silenced. not a white on black thing.  was a black on black thing. mischaracterization by Dems as usual
Then do something about it, Sen. Schumer! Trump is killing our country. You and the @SenateDems have got to stop him!
you have the US up in arms with your delay in appointing cabinet. You guys lost and now act like little brats #so sad
Do you idiots forget when Obama insulted the entire SCOTUS in the State of the Union and you libs cheered? #hypocrite
They are the self-described  "Unified Republican Government" more aptly described when you put Banana
did you ever hear this Chuck?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmVAbxDgV2s&sns=em …
The @GOP are the lowest of human beings following like lemmings the worst human being of all @realDonaldTrump
@SenateMajLdr @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan R's biases,convenient use of one-sided rules Unfair
how about the President tweeting about his daughter's business issue with Nordstrom's? Conflict of interest? Act now!
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/elizabeth-warren-race-card-martin-luther-king-neice-234808 … hey Chucky you may want to check with Martin Luther King's niece.
You expected something different? Bill of rights under attack (except 2nd Amendment). #ImpeachDonaldTrump #LetLizTalk
the fact is you and your party picked the federal judge to pause the ban. The most liberal district (9th) either way
they did choose what judge to call to pause the ban. The Supreme Court will take care of this trash. God bless America
SO CALLED  judge had no business doing what he did
...SensObama & Clinton!!!
Chuck. When everything is a crisis nothing is a crisis. The Democratic strategy is failing!!
Schumer, you are disloyal to our country. YOU ARE ANTI-AMERICAN. @realDonaldTrump
confirm the nominees!!!!!!
GIVE IT UP...WE NEED TO CONE TOGETHER...IT'S YOUR TURN TO COMPROMISE
we need action like #LetLizTalk
confirm the nominees now!!!!!!
if you worked as hard doing your job as you do running your mouth maybe things would get done# bun
and what are you doing about it???? you are just as bad. Impeach him!
Did they also violate a rule? Please state rule violated.
Elizabeth WILL be the next Hillary! We Republicans couldn't be happier about that!! Yet another unqualified candidate
the GOP has sold their soul to the dark side. There will be a voter uprising in 2018 & 2020
the judge did not rule on the law; just his emotion
YOU MUST GET "reasonable" repubs to impeach him already. He is going to get us ALL killed. This is not a drill!
they have totally sold out and don't care about the American people
They never have anything but insults and lies.
HI CHUCKIEEEEE-CHEZZZE.TAKE POCAHANTAS AND HER T-P HOME WITH U
Schumer the biggest clown in Washington DC he needs to shut his mouth and go home
Jesus asked a crowd listening to him preach, “What does it profit a person if they gain the world but forfeit their soul?”
MUST keep pressure on the GOP. How much of DJT can they take? #resist
Make it up, tell it to yourself often and eventually you'll believe your own lies Chuckie
Finally the Republicans are growing a backbone.
Senator Warren I see u would not go down the "sexism" rd.BUT for most women out here ,it was blatant sexism!Disgusted
You liberals look so pathetic screaming about Nominees, makes you irrelevant,  out of the Mainstream!
don't let McConnell get away with trying to silence women! #Neverthelessshepersisted
My dream is for Warren, Booker, Sanders, and Please one more Crack at Hillary for President? That would seal Victory!
fake tears & fake outrage go hand in hand in UR world. Sadly, U can't cry me a river b/c rivers are real. #imwithher
I'm sure you've never seen politics like today, you may need to tweak a few things.
you guys need to put the baby bottles and soothes away and do what you were elected to do. You lost so get over it!!
- So get up there and read it til you're stopped...then the next Dem takes over, and the next, and the next, and the next, etc.
They could understand her because she was speaking in her Native American language
Shame on GOP who left their consciences at the door, chose power
 over people, and sold their souls to the devil
statements on judge did not violate senate committee rules
It's called "honor amongst thieves."
what r u doing abt @POTUS tweet re @Nordstrom when will u start talking impeachment #ImpeachDonaldTrump
How is this not a Constitutional violation 
when a democratic leader was silenced for using her voice  by Republicans
Sen.Schumer please stand up to the disgrace that's become our govt.!Pres Bannon is a joke while we watch USA implode
I would distance myself from her. Have you seen her recent polls?
he'll never outdo Obama's insults thrown at the SCOTUS right in their faces during one of his speeches.
@Isabellarowling @GOP silencing of @SenWarren is a tangible example of their war on women #ShePersisted
They're blinded by their hunger for absolute power that is threatened by anyone that's  of different color & sex.
Thank you Senators. Continue to fight the good fight. #LetHerSpeak #NoOnSessions
Why isn't the US House Oversight Com. going after what has happened in Yemen?Double-standards should NOT be the norm.
Chuck makes me want to UPCHUCK!
@Isabellarowling @SenWarren please do everything you can to get these thugs out of gov ! To save this world of death and hate
don't 4 get RUSSIAN influence in ELECTION!!!
not sure anything he says or does will satisfy u or base your playing to, also not sure your expanding yr base
The media is false and the judge is too far left to see the rule
Get over it old man
Chuck finally finding his voice. Your Madison alums proud of you!
.@SenSchumer @SenWarren lol @ "up in arms". No Senator, they were tired of listening to her babble in circles...
.@SenWarren speech had the GOP up in arms, yet they had no response to Admin's #alternativefacts, insults of a federal judge, the media, etc
DO SOMETHING!!!!
Do something about it or I will not vote for you again Senator Schumer!
We want action! Not words!!!
@GOP has double standards and twist as needed. Bullshit.
Stop playing your games and do your job.
simply bc they r fucking crooks and hacks. They r useless
They're all wearing glasses made of one way glass!
And the lies they are trying to propagate. People should be outraged. #factsmatter
You've insulted the Country with your obstruction that the GOP did not do to Obamas cabinet picks, you assclowns.#WAH
That's what happens when you violate the rules!! Must have learned that from Harry 'Dirty' Reid.
time yo realize that democrats got clobbered on #Nov8 Get over it and help to #MAGA

Your answer to your Democratic lack of ability is to follow this woman?
you helped make the rules and if tables turned would have responded in kind, hypocrisy alert
Chucky, you and Pocahontas are the alternative/fake news. You would know the truth if it smacked you in the face!
The Republicans are ruining our democracy. They insult my intelligence every time they open their mouth. Liars all
Oopsie-daisy!
VIDEO- BUSTED: Blubbering Schumer Eats Own Words: Proclaimed U.S. President Deserves ALL Cabinet Picks Confirmed http://truepundit.com/video-busted-blubbering-schumer-eats-own-words-proclaimed-u-s-president-deserves-all-cabinet-picks-confirmed/ …
They are Bought and Paid for, that's Why. Lobbyist and the Trump Shadow Blinds them from the Truth. Very sad to See.

If it was not for your persistence, our democracy would already be in ruins. It is getting close. Persevere
he wasn't on the senate floor talking about another senator she knew what would happen so did the 99 others #rules
is Sessions getting confirmed today. Then let it go
I have a box of tissues for u
it is a bad rule that does not belong in American Democracy #BanTheRule
dig in them heels, Chuck. Resist every inch.
it's disgusting how much hypocrisy is on display. I weep for my country.
Chuck you know Warren is a wing nut and some judges are political, rip us apart more Chuck .
We still don't know if GOP govt is legal...Russia...Comey?
yes Democrats throw a hissy when they don't get their way
Let the rules work.  She broke the rule.  You keep it up and you will too.
only the truly ignorant would buy what you're selling. #PartisanTalkingPoints #WeAreSickOfYourShit
Nailed it. Trump is the number one most divisive politician in America, and Warren is a close second.
big fat slap yo belly lie
Republicans seem to have no problem with POTUS incivility.
why did Sen. Udall get to read the letter uninterrupted???
WAKE UP CHUCK!  ELIZABETH WARREN IS OUT FOR ELIZABETH WARREN!
The @SenateGOP are silencing those who are getting close to the truth. STOP THEM. Pick up .@SenWarren 's speech & finish it.
you could learn something from him Sen rubio
@marcorubio. Your right as long as he shows up for work!
did you hear Sen rubio
Keep on talking #truth they can't face themselves if you do
@LisaZucker3 @SenWarren They're doing some strange for a lil' piece of change
@realDonaldTrump An insult is the way politicians are paid to do what they want & obstruct vs. what's paid to do.
it seems the left only loves parliamentary procedures when they cut their way.
. @potus You two are NOT healthy for or country 'IT'S CALLED A PEACEFUL TRANSFER OF POWER' you 2 senators don't get it
#LetLizSpeak
hasnt the potus been in plain violation of Art I, Sec. 9 of the Constitution since day one?
Now you are all high and mighty after 8 years of dishonest BHO. Am sure all your minions erase negative comments.
Chuckie you should have deployed your alternative tears!  Liz is a blowhard who is all talk and no action
Because your party has not stopped whining and your not doing your job. What have you done that was in your campaign?
Consider the Rule XIX sanction he first volley of your 2020 presidential run. Now everyone has read that letter.
Right on!!
are you going to cry about it chuck... I have a democrat sized crying towel for you, Trump made them in America...
he's never made anything in America....now he's making a fool if himself and all of America..
sounds like a jealous lie... Are you a jealous jelly fish perhaps?
They wanted to muzzle her but it can't be done. The world has now read Mrs Kings letter. True then, True now. We will be heard.
Stop restating obvious. That won't change. State what YOU r going to do. YOU should be reading Mrs King's letter on the floor.
stop the hissy fits already! You work for us right? Well do your job! Keep us safe help us prosper #shameondemleaders
your going to get smacked down in the Supreme Court. (What usually happens to the 9th district) you dems are babies
get to work I can't believe how upset you are to have Trump as your leader ..
selective outrage.
#the3monthtempertatrum
When the balance of power swings back to the left in 2018, have the balls to ram it down their throats.
#womensMarch dont send your kids to school
Your female pit bull just got what she deserved. I hope you pay for this in 2018 elections.
It feels like they've joined a war on truth, eg disclosure rules for foreign investments, attempt to gut OGE...
Because @SenSchumer, it seems the only way to reach him is through his wallet, as evidenced by his Nordstroms-Ivanka tweet. @SenWarren
She needs a new game plan as squawking with no results or changes is getting old, people don't want to hear it
if you felt this way about your colleague why have you been silent for all this time why now voice this? Hum
The Judge wasn't even close to the Constitutional right of ANY Prez including BHO who did the SAME exact thing!
since @realDonaldTrump feels the need to atk & de-fund our "sanctuary" city, how do we take his tax breaks away? @SenWarren
Chuck u need to slow down man. You are letting the Donald get to u. Miss Warren got  Mitch slapped . #pocahontasrocks
Every one of you should try to read that speech. Embarrass them.
the stifling going on in this country with the press but not limited to is criminal!
