Right on! Get rid of the pollution-main cause for warming. Per the real scientists.
@FoxNews we will be left behind and should be leading and investing in the future not the past
Pope Francis told Trump, pull out of Paris climate agreemt is immoral.  Science clear, humans are responsible  & must lead in changing it.
#tRump's anti-NATO stance makes Germany free world leader, his anti-Climate stance makes China enviro leader. #MAGA at nothing! #resist
They would. We can not go back. Why is this so difficult to understand/accept.
America would love it if you stop reporting fake news
:

Not done yet. Without principles on either side, @potus could be playing bait & switch for future "fake news" fodder.
Now if we are still alive in few years then we will know that man made global warming was bullcrap.
If you think China will abide by any regulations, you are a very foolish person.
If even that was true. Who gives a fuck what China would love? #FakeNews #HowAboutSomeRealNews
#LiberalLogic
You know the Russia fairy tale is dying when this schmuck starts talking about China.
Good because you know China is following the Climate agreement to a T.
Where can I find that information ?
I'm sure your leading the way and riding your bicycle
the world is moving in one direction and we are moving from leading to being left behind. Stop Trump's insanity!!!
The world? You do realize that most countries are not honoring this agreement, including China. Watch and see
Fake news. China does nothing in the accord until 2030 and Obama got fake praise. In fact, no country is held accountable and could leave.
I'd love it too. @jaketapper @SenMarkey @CNN
China will love it if Tapper keeps attacking Trump.
Why ?  Because they had no skin in the game and it's another reason to stand pat. If you have nothing climate change isn't a priority
U.S. Is irrelevant. That's what PutIn wants.
You don't need money to save earth  so stop it 
we will be happy too! Job killing agreement gives millions to corporations to make energy that's too costly and ineffective to use.
let's send it to congress,  let the dems in the coal mining & manufacturing states dare to support it. Thats gives us the blue wall for life
Interesting interview,
And there's your answer:  China would love it.  Once again the petulant boy who is our Commando-in-Chief seeks the approval of men in power.
It doesn't matter . They would violate the agreement and lie
Too many cooks/crooks in the kitchen making too much $$$. Follow the $: who paid for the reports?
Wow, one of the planets biggest POLLUTERS NOT GOING, #POTUS45SUCKS
yep
Well good! Maybe they'll be more cooperative then on trade and PRNK!
Russia would be happy too. Make no mistake, Trump is kicking the legs out from under the US so Russia can be world leader. #resist
How is China's war on coal going, Senator?
China will break the Paris climate agreement no matter what the US does.
isn't all this wait and see about paris climate just another distraction from Russia investigation??
China lags in equality in complying with that program. American taxpayers  carry the brunt as always. I hope to G-d that Trump pulls us out.
Please tell us why we should bear the brunt of the cost on this job losing deal?
LOL!  China did not make ANY meaningful commitments. The whole thing was a joke.
Bullshit. We pay big under the accord as written; they ride free for 15 years. I know that few of your viewers read, but it is what it is.
Trump just wants America to be an oil and arms depot, with him getting "commissions", of course. Kind of like Putin.
Works for me. China doesn't follow any of its guidelines.
All So Senator McConnell can send dirty coal to unregulated 3rd world that comes back in toxic jet stream drowning soil crops with Soot InUS
Markey wants to stop CO2 emissions but thwarts nuclear power at every opportunity. He's a hypocrite.
Because china obligations are wsy down road and they are voluntary
Trump is treating this decision like a reality tv show, building suspense, instead of saying right away ok to stay in agreement.
No the American ppl will love bc they won't be kneecaped by the money transfer scam.
Hey what percentage of climate change is caused by humans I can't find a number
Paris climate agreement kills jobs. Settled science
Of course. All kinds of energy innovations open up for them. GOP so short sighted.
Possible DEAL Donnie struck with China's President in Mara-a-Lago.
Of course they would.  Puts them as one of the leaders of saving the environment. US used to be before DT.
@SenMarkey when you start riding a bicycle everywhere I'll start listening
So maybe Obama should have actually followed the Constitution and made it a treaty if it was that important, why did Obama fail to do that?
America will love it.
And that's where Ivanka's shoes are made, correct? --- go figure
Also where Kushner is selling visa's too..hmm nothing wrong with that..hypocrite's ,traitors the whole rotten administration
give us FACTS! This is all bullshit. They all can pull out..bs agreement..Trumps an idiot too
Can't lower the bar, we're equal to China in anti-pollution policies...Trump d/n care his finite energy is just about used up...
Renewable energy technology leadership is going to China.  The US will only be a follower.  Thanks Trump!!
Do you wish to take place in the largest redistribution scam in history Sen Markey.With America on the losing end?
China would love it if US remained part of the Climate accord, China has no restraints (1 coal fired plnt week) but loves hampering US manf
I sincerely hope the President changes his mind on this. We must stay in Paris Climate Agreement for US and the world!!
He actually CAN'T do it. It would take three years to get out of the agreement. He's trying to please his base.
Not really.
Simply don't comply or anti up. No problem.
You really think he's doing it out of a conviction? You think he has convictions? What earth do you live on?
You have no idea of the amount of money changing hands over the Paris accord scam. Otherwise you would be outraged and demanding withdrawal
i pray he does..
Of course they would. China, a country of wonderful culture and history, has sadly been killing their people ecologically for years. #smog
Did you ask him why this is happening under his nose? http://www.bostonherald.com/news/columnists/howie_carr/2017/05/carr_lawrence_illegal_immigrants_swept_up_in_raid_prove_sununu?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=socialflow … #sanctuarycities #openborders
The @GOP is either under the control of the Russians or paralleling their wishlist due to their own spite.
It's just a pledge-- there's no enforcement, correct?  Say, for example, France agrees to it but doesn't stick to the terms-- what happens?
Fake News,all lies.
Pull out its a fraud
So would I, Jake, so that offsets China.
why?
The question is will Russia?
