Support SR 168
Omg Markey... give it a rest
They are just voters for the communist democraps .... end DACA
Sounds like 800,000 illegals need to go home and wave their flag in their country not mine
Why? They aren't adults? Can't they do what's legal and moral? I would go to my homeland and apply for citizenship. Is that too hard?@
Thank you, Senator. Dreamers deserve our support. I hope you will co-sponsor the Dream Act to provide them with legal protection.
Some people are idiots. Dreamers are adults. Go back home and apply for LEGAL CITIZENSHIP , DO THE LEGAL, MORAL THING!
DJT out issue where it belongs. Now let's see u all bums do your jobs rather than never-ending politics.
DACA was illegal from the start. But I guess that doesn't mean anything to lib Dems. End DACA and let Congress resolve the issue.DO YOUR JOB
So will you pledge to prioritize a bill to legalize Dreamers?
Please make this a reality for our Dreamers. Trump needs to go now.
My dream is 1 day 1.6 MILLION homeless American kids will receive as many benefits DACA Democrat's don't give damn abt US citizens #DemExit
What about us  American dreamers you lieing Demorat
SenMarkey You n Family live Without security on border. WeThePeople taxpayers owe no illegals anything. Civil War 
Texas HumanTrafficking
Who woke up Mr. Frosty?
@POTUS is correct.  It's you and your fellow senators & congressmen that have failed the dreams by not doing YOUR JOB! Now you have 60 days.
You should be THANKING @realDonaldTrump The courts about to overturn #DACA would not have given a grace period for congress to act.
Ok. Then you guys need to vote for it and stop attacking the President!!!
.@SenMarkey Attn #DACA rcpts: If status to expire before 3/5/18, you are eligible for another 2yr renewal BUT MUST APPLY BY October 5!
#DefendAmericans
Why?? Because their parents are illegals too?  It's been wrong from the beginning.
Thank you, Senator Markey! Proud to be represented by you. #DefendDACA
DACA wants more Free money n Education Deport
Thank you for fighting to #DefendDACA
its time YOU start doing your job by upholding the constitution and make laws that protect them, instead of relying on unconstitutional EOs
Thank you for helping protect the Dreamers and #SaveDACA.
Maybe you could give them a trophy and send them back home
Everyone register as DACA.
Deport! Go President Trump 

#DefendDACA
Little Eddie you are the problem and u r an embarrassment to the state of Mass and to America. Just stop talking and go away. #CompleteMess
Please go away.
And you are going to do WHAT EXACTLY?
I'm sick and tired of you Democrats kissing Muslims and illegal aliens ass what about your own people senator
You was elected Senator to represent American people not illegal aliens from Mexico and crazy Muslims who want to kill us
I don't give a damn about those 800,000 illegal aliens worry about your own people senator
Will Trump prove he's not owned by KKK, Nazis, and white supremacists?
#DefendDREAMers #DefendDACA #Cville2DC
#imadreamer
this daca problem is the result of not enforcing the law years ago, lets not compound the problem by not enforcing today
What about our citizens? Our children, who are dying everyday across America!! What are you doing to protect the children of US citizens?
This is only one city #s..there are many more hundreds of US citizens dying..and you politicians are sitting back doing nothing about it!!
No they most certainly do not!!! What Obama passed was illegal and unconstitutional... Time to end it....
No! No! We need to invest in our citizens..Our American youth! Many are dying from over dose and dying in the inner cities from violence!!
And what the hell does DACA have to do with that
And the rest of the country doesn't deserve protection for illegals crossing the border?the county needs protection from u politicians
American citizens have dreams crushed by the millions of illegals you Dems let into this country. Protect Citizens!
More than 800,000 Dreamers deserve our protection. It's time Trump stops threatening their futures. RT if you join me to #DefendDACA
They are not citizens. They broke the law by coming here illegally & using fake SS #s. They deserve deportation not protection
They were brought here as CHILDREN and have been raised American .. they deserve to stay
You are part of the swamp that hasn't done your job in years. Now someone wants to take action, you don't like answer but you have no plan.
They should register and get the proper documents. If they don't out they go. It's that simple.
DACA has them registered and they pay for all the documentation .. now what? They're victims of their parents decisions ..why persecute them
Why do we keep giving different names to illegal aliens. They're illegal, and they're here illegally. We should do with them as any criminal
So children are criminals then? Really? Arrest all the babies and send them to jail
Nobody is trying to hurt them.  If the laws would have been upheld they wouldn't be here to begin with.
You in congress should have passed a law!  Stop blaming Trump for congressional messes.
That's what I wrote- pretty much
Thank you Senator
Oh ya
