Any other Constitutional Rights you'd like to stomp on Ed? We know there R many#CommySenatorsInMA
Does this look like a hate group?
So its ok to beat up white people if you think they are kkk?
As long as you are not White you can beat people & tear apart the City? Look in the mirror. Maybe  BLM will take you job. Just give it them
Can't you cancel the whole thing based on "hate speech", "domestic terrorist groups", "inciting to riot", ...
I've got a novel idea. Why not do their jobs and use crowd control to allow people to speak? Even pinheads have a right to speak.
Never let a crisis go to waste
No I just read KKK are attending called Bakers office every one call now 6177254005 unacceptable please call nowv
"The free speech of certain groups will not be accepted here."
Make sure you tell the KKK when they show up to this.
Yeah F free speech unless it's something I like.
Is this a peaceful protest or a planned riot with RSVP?
Boston globe news! Tell it how it was: White Supremacist terrorist attack killed innocent American as result of Trump's hateful rhetoric!
Unfortunately it's going to be very hard to untangle the motive of the driver in Charlottesville.
Terrorist attack by White Supremacist! Not hard at all! The hands of the driver are the hands of all people like Trump that promotes hate!
Hook line sinker.
Now, imagine if it was an alt-right the person killed. Be truthful and accept that the outrage by Fox and Republicans will be unstoppable
No one wants #WhiteSupremacists or #AltRight or whatever "totally not KKK"-inspired group" ya'll claim to be from Boston don't mess around.
You will be supporting the free speach of all Americans right?
White Supremacists?? They are a Right wing conservative group. THIS is why Trump won. If you don't agree w libs, you're racist. #Boston
Have you disavowed Islam yet? They killed 14 people in Spain. That's 14X as bad as Charlottesville!!
THERE IS MORE THEN JUST ONE HATE GROUP IN THIS COUNTRY. ANTIFA AND BLM ARE HATE GROUPS WHETHER OR NOT YOU CAN SEE THAT
Follow Illinois...label them terrorist groups and pull the permit(s).

I hope the Boston Police Force will be more prepared to diffuse any violence better than the Charlottesville police were! 
They're on it! And they won't tolerate Antifa!
This time they'll go after white supremacists who can't deal with the fact they're LOSERS!! No monument or statue can change that!! 
They will not be tolerated here in the cradle of Liberty. Crispus Attucks name is revered here (if I may use the pun)
The cradle of Liberty, unless it's about free speech
BS it's hate speech & Naziism that never can be tolerated Next ya want ISIS to fly their black banners in Beantown? .. nope
Take a stand by giving them no audience. Clear the streets and ignore their presence. Stores and restaurants close temporarily. #takeastand
That would be a way to handle it. Better than taking away free speech and doing exactly what you b!tch about.
Go Boston Strong.  Don't let Nazis and White Supremacists take over Boston Common.  

Day 207 
FAIL 
Mourning
You're so brainwashed you think they are actually Nazis.
Why are you even allowing them to march?  Don't let them march. They will only hurt Bostonians and they have been through enough.
They have the permit. Why don't you tell the Marxists to either get one too or stay away.
So they're calling it a "conservative" rally? If any supremicists, KKK, etc. show up it's not a conservative rally. Sorry.  It's a set-up.
Why are you consulting with a Marxist front group (SPLC) on security measures?
Calling everyone nazis amd racist won't work you fool.  AMERICA has woke up to this elite game.  Antifa expects to injure thousands at rally
But your going to let Antifa and BLM run wild in the streets. What. Are you afraid of calling them out as hate groups?
Stop race baiting you hack
Will you condemn ANTIFA and anarchy on the left as well, Mr. Grandstander? #Boston
That's a lot of people who took the day off from work...
You lost my vote sir.
Does that mean ANTIFA and BLM will not be tolerated when they are smashing heads and spitting on people? I hope so!
Boston also condemns communist antifa and any violent wings of BLM. You are not welcome here.
Markey is a member of the communist party of america & endorses Antifa < Fascist terrorists & hates the USA 
Vote race baiters out 018
Boston has a history. They're in every State.  @chitowprincess1 @BostonGlobe
Good News is BPD has historically been good at this kinda thing, We will outnumber them 100 to 1 and it might rain.
Well done. But still waiting for your condemnation of violence & hate by #Antifa.  Waiting... waiting....
Attended like the trump rallies?
Call 844-9-NO-HATE to report hate crimes in your community. #Charlottesville #Boston #BostonStrong #CivilRights #RacialJustice
What nationality are ANTIFA?  All black or Hispanic?
you guys really need to do something about Maxine Waters. You may not realize she is the flaming this! Cant take your party seriously w/ her
It's a rally 4 free speech Ed. Lord the moral panic of these nuts. We will get to see if the Antifa peace unicorns show and start bashing
They are killing the 1st Amendment, going to destroy the 6th also.
But it IS accepted and promoted at the WH
Thank you @ Ed Markey 
the dems are violent only True american Patriots are not violent
I guess Charlottesville makes you a liar, doesn't it, R. Arthur Bohl?
America's small racist fringe elements present nothing of the danger to us as do those who use violence to stifle freedom of speech Senator.
Conservative Rally? Come on @BostonGlobe Bostoncall it what it is...a Hate Rally
A malaise does not disappear by enchantment, we arrived at a point where we must make a new rebalancing of the populations.
Thank you 
You all celebrated Fmr KKK Sen Byrd at his funeral & on Senate floor
Let's face it this evil has been empowered & encouraged by Trump
What about BLM and Antifa?
Bad timing for Trump for this rally. He's gonna have to choke out another 'SINCERE' anti supremist statement.
Why, is another Bernie supporter going to try to murder people?
They can say what they like. It's what they DO that matters. We've seen what they do. Now what WE do matters.
When is ISIS going to start holding rallies?  We don't stop domestic terrorist rallies.....
Boston, y'all need to show these bigots and Curt Schilling the fucking boots. Don't let these infected rats destroy ur beautiful city!
@SenateDems @BostonGlobe Who is organizing this? The point?
nice to meet u sir
Did you read the article Ed? You are starting to act like a nazi. Dems are the real fascists.
Please cancel this
Now all we need are the other 49
So you're stating you're ok with leftist fascist groups violently shutting down free speech?  I accept free speech, ignore idiots, do you?
Let’s hope the Springfield police department gets the message as well.
