Fire and Fury Friday!
Trump didn't use scary language just the left that has no answers trying to make a big deal out of everything the President says 
#MAGA
TRUMP IS NOT THE ANSWER EITHER!!!!  Wake up man!!!
He's what we got and he's surrounded by great generals and the best military in the world
Uh no!
N.Korea did not begin the threats. News came out about them successfully miniaturized nuclear warhead. Afterward, Trump makes threats to NK.
Nonsense. A lie. You are wrong
Why does anything the truly stupid senator from MA matter? I guess that was a confusing question. This time, I'm referring to the male.
JFK/Cuban Missle Crisis. "an explicit threat to the safety of US .. the West ..will require a full response..we will not shrink from risk"
And stop tweeting?!? Move on...
Trump is far worse than G.W.B.
But far better than B H O
The message from POTUS isn't scary - it's STRONG.  Put a pair of big boy pants on and speak for yourself.
NO!  STUPID's MESSAGE WAS NOT STRONG!  IT WAS JUST PLAIN STUPID!!!
Yes he should go on an apology tour. He should funnel unmarked cash by the millions to those who hate America. He should be like joe .NEVER!
U used 2 have a good show..now u just bash Pres abt anything & everything cause of ur personal fallout w/him..
Not true!  Trump is stupid and knows nothing about being a President!  What do you think he is going to help you with?  Nothing!!!!
I wouldn't mind if Joe gave CONSRUCTIVE criticism, but this cheap smear campaign ain't worth my time listening to.....
stop it now.....plainspeak is what we all know, not the lying politispeak that DC talks!!!! Kim understand that...why not Dems????#MAGA
Your out of touch!
HELP! Trump is a madman... NUTS!  Mentally disabled with Senior Alzheimer's Dementia and Narcissistic Personality Disorder!
You lost. You're a loser be happy
The Senator is a total loser
Like he is listening to anyone? You people are nuts!  He never listened to anyone, ever in his life, not mom, Dad only money and power
Massachusetts Coward not very smart! Markey don't lay down to Bully Kimbo!
We have a President with balls and suddenly the libs are like a bunch of pansies.  Nothing new though
Trumps language is scary, meanwhile NK stating they are prepared to launch attack against Guam...boy r u all focused on the wrong message!
Oh My .... Scary language!! Grow a pair, Senator - The time for PC has run its course. Refreshing to hear some passion & resolve from POTUS
Yeah that's the problem not the decades of appeasement and kicking the can down the road
But Bill Clinton had put a stop to this with billions and lots of sweet talk
Uh, let's see..... Is Ed Markey president? No. Is he relevant? No. Is he on MSNBC? Yes. It figures.
Can Congress @SenateMajLdr  return 2 emergency session when @POTUS is a lunatic  with nuclear launch  codes?
On the contrary, the President needs to keep it going!
Obama Must Continue Tough Talk With Rogue North Korea
When will any GOP have guts to say so, and do something ?!!
There is a simple solution. Have 45 committed! #PutinsPuppet #FAKEpotus is #DELUSIONAL #DANGEROUS #PSYCHOPATH and @GOP is #COMPLICIT
Thank You President Trump for standing up for America.  Not like Obama who draws red lines and then runs and hides.
As if sweet talking has produced any results
ADD NEWLY COMMISSIONED BRIG. GEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM ASSIGNED TO COMMAND A BATTALION OF MERCENARIES FROM SOUTH CAROLINA!!!!!

GARBAGE TEE - VEE !! 
NO THANKS IDIOTS @JoeNBC  AND UBER LIB @SENMARKEY !!

oh really let's be really nice!!!
Scary language is exactly what we need, you whimp! Has everyone forgotten how the US used to stand up to bullies. Ask yourself WWReagan do?
Talk about trump and say nothing about a guy threatening to use nukes on us. Really
Where is Ryan and MCCONNELL??????
PC carrot/stick failed 2 stop the Kim's nuke program. Kim Punk Un doesn't respect non credible,weak DC wine&cheesers. Time for new approach.
The only people who he's scaring are AMERICANS.
Maybe Trump should Bow  to foreign leaders?
Patty cake?
@Varneyco @MariaBartiromo cause Ds spent 16yrs talking, giving $$B signing agmts w/no bite ~ n string words bother U ~ hide Behind our back
Yeah and kiss ass like Hussain Obama did.  That worked.
Says the ass kissers!! Stop the lies and nonsense!!!?!
well the idiot in chief is about to get us into WW3
I think it's funny that the liberals are helping Trump to scare NOKO. You keep calling Trump crazy and maybe they will believe you.
BOO!
What the hell is wrong with you people? You're more concerned with Trump's words than with North Korea's threats? Talk about lunacy...
If it were obama it would have been hailed as a landmark speech the greatest world leader taking on a tyrant but your cheerleading for kim
Is this person still around haven't heard from him since the election when he predicted Trump would lose. He should go to NK and live
If trump were to do what he has threatened it would distract from #TrumpRussia which I believe has been his endgame w/NK all along
'Oh boo hoo  you're scaring me' ... is not going to keep our land and it's people safe from rogue nations. Grow a pair.
Who are these has been democrats that come out of the forest to visit Morning joe. They need a relevant guest. Worst guests in news history
What,b like the failed @POTUS44 and just say please stop.This calls for a tough stance. U R a freak show...Ratings!!!
Sen Markey would capitulate even more so than Obama, he is someone who doesn't believe in putting teeth into dealing w tyrannical leaders.
Why and talk like a coward shut up
King the Trump enabler has NO regard for elder  Americans being scared shitless !    He needs to be DRAINED from the  SWAMP.
Bababooey..barry sat watched ignored NK...now it  trump issue....Silly libs
Markey is out to lunch - now, has been and will be.
Spoken as a member of the weak spined liberal Democrat Party whose policies (under Clinton) led to the current situation, who's scared?
We hear this every day...find something force resignation struggle with pence end of story
hello, you are supporting NOKO vs your POTUS ?? What is wrong with you people ?/
When you have the IQ of -0 this is what you get, A Damn Fool
Just leave it at "Trump must stop" ty
Senator Markey was well spoken (intellegent) on your program. Thanks. @Michael36776349
Yeah, maybe he should be giving a comforting speech on NK like BJ Clinton did with the deal he madewith NK in 1994. Thats working out well !
Trump isignorant. He doesn't read.Doesn't understand complexities of dealing w/NK.
But BJ Clinton did right? You're just another F'ng idot

Trump is a wise old owl, if he keep talking about NK in this reckless way  it take attention off Russia, and media falls for it.
@RepPeteKing   What a shock that he (King) would agree with madman rhetoric. There is no bar for being presidential anymore.
Ummm...don't you think the "madman" would be the lunatic threatening to nuke the US? WHATS WRONG WITH PEOPLE? Who's side are you on?
Anyone else feel like the #trump doctrine is evolving to something along the lines that our president is crazier than your leader? #NKorea
When I hear GOP defending DT bombastic rhetoric & still try to normalize him makes it clear the GOP has lost the ability to recognize normal
Are you suggesting Trump deal with this lunatic the same way as the past 3 POTUS? I think that's what got us in this mess to begin with.
#DraftDogerTrump  should not have control of the football. He is out of control and reckless.
You are all sick This is what you want Trump to say O please dont nuke us we will give you a trillion dollars To blackmail us with
This is just proof of our trigger happy nature, & we wonder why there are so many police related shootings. This is who we have become #sad
How many times are you Liberals going to allow North Korea to threaten to NUKE the US? When LA is actually off the map will you wake up?
WARNING! Cnbc is a member of the ANTI AMERICA OBSTRUCTION PARTY and considered an ENEMY of the United States. They must be eliminated
There goes Donald Trump making America unsafe again with his big mouth, just full of stupidity and ignorance. #MAUA 
Who is more pathetic, Markey or his Lemming Snowflake supporters?
Yeah just draw a red line and ignore it that will solve everything
Someone needs to explain to trump et al that there's major differences between a "strong" response and a reckless response.
Not going to happen senator. You can't tell a psychopath to stop doing what is part of the very fiber of his being.
Stop Making Sense - Psycho Killer
Good idea , but a dollar short and a day late. This legislation should have been written on 10/9/16. Who knew? EVERYBODY!!!
The difference between Trump and other presidents is that he actually wants a nuclear war
Mr Marley to speak against our president wile a crazy dictator threatens us. Is treason and he should resign
LOL
Lincoln – The Great Emancipator. #Trump – The Great Tweeter.
You suck!
