idiotic
if Congress and Obama had formulas that added up, we would not be 20 trillion in debt.
If @Oprah were president, she would take expert advice, unlike some know it alls. And she would not try to profit. She's trustworthy.
Wow. The degree of your stupidity is scary. Oprah? Why not someone equally qualified? Like Rosie? Or Whoopie?
Which makes him pretty standard Pres. (adding to our deficit). Has any Pres lowered the deficit?
It's the same formula that Mr. Reagan used.
Yeah Ok Pal, keep in that STATE OF DENIAL...It is really WORKING for your party....geeeeeeez!
that place is really weighing on you !!
having my favorite Senator as a guest still will not get me to watch!
why cover this negatively Greta?
go back to math class. Lame
Try contacting his office for constituency services - they never respond - that's what doesn't add up.
and your plan is what? Divide, character assassination, put Americans into food groups. Great plan senator
Great interview.  Thank you for your service to the majority of Americans.
Sell out!
Hahaha! Any Dem Pol talking about #'s not adding up is insane. These ppl doubled the debt in 8 years. #hipocracy
wow! No one watches that channel! More people will see you on twitter! LOL!
Who will believe anything you say?
can we offer Sen Markey a better calculator.
He couldn't turn it on
the more they try and #resist the more ridiculous they look and further down the toilet @TheDemocrats go!!
@TheDemocratsE Markey is constantly attacking the President.There is NOTHING that he sees good about DT
And the Democrats have a formula of hate, protest, impeachment, and oh yeah I forgot stronger together?
Greta you've sunk to new lows and Senator be sure you work with your old formulas that got us here #Idiots
I thought you knew better Greta...sad
She sold out
more nonsense from a guest on MSNBC!
Why waste your time watching that nonsense. @FoxNews tell the truth
pres obama put us 10trillion in debt did that add up
yea that's why he is the President
this is talking point number 23 in the dem handbook.
this from the democrats who's formula has led to higher poverty and lower wages, more welfare and food stamps?
Markey is a dem stutch.  He has been in politics far too long.  He's a 
Senator Markey had 8 yrs, what's your solution? Just slam any proposal that anyone other than a Dem makes? Fix it!
You were elected to fix things, not bitch about what the President proposes, you passed ACA, it's failing, Fix it!
like Obama did???  Give us a break. We don't buy it and don't want to hear it. Get with the program or get out.
remember the health Care act, pass it. Will see what's in it, quote Nancy the airhead
@CNN @FoxNews @KatTimpf @DLoesch @TomiLahren Is being a Democrat a disease or mental disorder ... ?
you know what formula might work for the #Democrats ?? Similac! Bc they're a bunch of babies!!!
Only bc @SenMarkey still believe in common core. Look beyond your democrat glasses and see with your eyes.
what is he a chemist now?? SMH....
Of course not, but then these are the same Wall Street bankers who gave us the housing crisis
neither did Obama care but it sure as heck didn't stop you Nuts for passing it. And it's a freckin nightmare!
and the debt we r in now does add up?  Hmmm
Name 1 expert pollster, Democrat or Republican who got it right on election night! And they still don't get it!
Sen.Markey is a typical MARXIST DEMOCRAT establishment poltical chameleon & a FRAUD. How did you keep a strait-face
Democrates had 8 years  How did that work out. Their time is up & we have a real president that s America. @ec3663
I luv it that now that a Repub is in the Whaite House the Lib's are worried about spending!!
For 8 dam yrs the Dems havnt anything to add either so you point?
screaming at my TV when he said where money come from why did you not ask well Dems put us 10 more Trill in debt
funny tell that to Wall Street... the economy seems to like his formula...as I'd guess does the 401K of the senator
he had no clue!  President Trump will make it all work out in the end. Enjoy prosperity soon it's coming 
Markey is lost. 1.9% growth for the last 7 yrs. all they want is more of it so they can shackle the less fortunate
is he using common core math? Trump is not!
Marky has been a full time politician since 1973, 44 years!! Bereft of ideas all he can do is lash out.
Being an ignorant, lying jerk ought not be a ticket to airtime on your show. Won't last if you keep up this Leftism
ok respect his view but tell us what he would do?
love how Dems won't confirm president's cabinet yet criticize him for inactivity
sometimes you have to have do the right thing. You have no loyalty Greta. MSNBC SUCKS and I won't watch you there.
He's lost and full of BS Americans are starting to hate the crybaby Dems
Obama spent $10 TRILLION in 8 years and now they wonder about budgets????
he's retirement material !
since when has a democrat worried about spending?  20 T Obama debt?
The lackies at MSNBC tells you who your guests are going to be. They think we are going to be swayed because of you
Markey you got something better? NO
Money..Money..Money-- your guests should go to Monaco (ABA). If there is prosperity and growth there is money. QED!
The Dem's have a plan that doesn't add up #Wakeup
I just have to know. What is in the water of CA, NY, MA, ME, AK, and IL? Really, what are these sinators smokin'?
He and my former party gave me zero for the last year's. There was nothing added under Obama but debt.
Looks like a funeral director. How ghastly!
You sold us out Greta!!!
dinosaur speaks like schumersaur and pelosaur don't they see they are too old and too repititive and too shrill
And the 7 trillion used on DNC and Palestinians do? Ask Obama the Kenyan where the money is, then pay back China.
and he's a liberal. Nothing else to be said
this guy deserves NO airtime he's a hindurance
Dems are losers very disrespectable last night Divided
wrong!
