I am bipolar. I am not a gun owner for very good reason - lack of impulse control. The GOP is walking a dangerous line.
Take away my lithium but make it super easy for me to get a gun? It doesn't take a genius to see how this will turn out.
Particularly considering seroquel was something like $300 for a month of a daily pill. that's almost a paycheck
Mine costs 15 dollars a month. I live in Canada and even our mental health coverage is bad.
I ended up finding a coupon, but it's still $80 a month for meds plus doc visits ($150 every 3 mos.)
and that is best case scenario and giving up emergency care in times of crisis.
And going unmedicated leads to worse things. I've lost jobs and a marriage.
I haven't worked since my last attempt last Feb. I lost my fiance & my apartment.
bullshit. if they're disabled they are receiving medicare and most likely medicaid both. democrats are big fat liars
Most needing treatment for mental illness and substance abuse are not on disability. You are a cartoon character
i'm sure your hatefulness serves you well . democrats are such hateful peps
Republicans only feel hate and fear. Not sure where I expressed any, lie yet again Heidi cartoon
dog face Kim
I loss my son to the poor mental illness and addiction services in this country. Lack of support is just killing loved ones.
I an sorry to hear about your son. It is so important we share these experiences and #resist
am*
Thank you for working so hard to #ProtectOurCare
I'm missing the #GOP logic in saving ALL life (no abortion) but not providing a healthy life after birth (no coverage)
This bill is terrible for mental health. That's something that's very personal to me. @RepJoeKennedy
me too!
Ditto. Mental health resources already suffer. Now they are cutting the insurance and funding for services.
Wake up. Govt doesn't "cut" insurance. Ins. Cos have & will offer MH coverage. @kslgoblue84 @sassyteapot63 @RepJoeKennedy
Read. The 'Trump Care" will not include MH Coverage.
Read. Ins cos will provide MH care regardless. USG doesn't mandate car insurance. Plenty of plans available. @kslgoblue84 @sassyteapot63
We will see.
#Trumpcare, everyone loses except the wealthy.
#Trumpcare - and nobody wants it except the wealthy. doctors, insurance companies etc, don't want it,
Republicans generally don't believe in mental health care. Look who they elected potus.
: POTUS 45 needs to meditate.
Thinking that won't help. He needs Electro Shock Therapy, or tranquilizers
There is no treatment for a lack of conscience and a drive to manipulate and exploit others..
how's about a lobotomy?
That was my next thought.
I think that I've finally found just the Dem I've been looking for to run against the monster currently in the White House!
How can the @GOP raise hell over the ACCA for years and come up with this joke? Psychos are literally killing us.
30 years as a MH therapist. Removing the mandate takes us back to times where tx is difficult to provide and access.
@WakeUp2News oh yeah this makes a lot let the mentally ill get guns but not health insurance.  This is the GOP
This makes alot of sense . Let the mentally ill buy guns but not health insurance.  This is GOP.
Truly MAGA Joe 2020
so they remove mental healthcare benefits but also remove the gun ban for people with mental illness? Interesting
, thank you. Mental health is physical and human health.
@donlemon PLEASE cover this!!!
Nothing serious  wrong with healthcare, just needed tweeking , the rich have become super rich a few tax changes could help all, no they want the min. Wage workers to pay more
Thanks Rep Kennedy
@JackARoe212 
But at least they will be able to purchase guns...
Proves GoP never really were "pro-life" #hypocrites #ProtectOurCare
someone needs to stand up to the drug company's I see seniors everyday who cannot afford there meds
Thank you Rep Kennedy for spotlighting this travesty!
on the record!  Well done, sir. You have my vote!
Thank you 
after watching this, I'd definitely go with BOTH @funnygirlescope. @RodneyDavis is both tone deaf and callous.
@thenurse75 if treatment for mental illness is cut off I will die #ThanksGrifterPOTUS #GOPSucks #FuckYouPaulRyan
- this is devastating! Thank you for pointing it out and demanding a clear answer!
Nice job Joe.. Well done.
thank you, please keep fighting. We need mental healthcare now more than ever. #ProtectOurCare #ACA
"nobody knew health care was so complicated!" #Unfit #Unhinged #Uneducated #Unqualified #ThreatLevelOrange #ITMFA
This is not acceptable, as ive been saying trump is robbing america, all the good programs weve had,ive grown up with.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr the American ppl know for sure most #Republicans are heartless careless irresponsible #cnn #msnbc
I work in the Elder Abuse field. We already lack enough mental health resources which is the cause of much of the abuse.
Thank you! I loved the way you politely made him repeat his first response after trying to skirt it or refuse to repeat it!
disgusting your no Kennedy
@IndivisibleTeam 
But… they can buy guns.
@paulryanslies Let me see we can sell them guns then arrest and put in private prisons? GOP plan...I think so!
It Is #Shameful of Them!
Meanwhile rich CEOs can get huge tax cuts.  Fight 4 us, please.  Push single payer or Medicaid 4 All. #impeachtrumpnow
Why can't everyone agree that Reps won't come together and put energy into fixing what is wrong with ACA  They r making worse
thank you!!!!!!
do they know that would be stupid?
Incredible that the mentally ill can get guns but can't get medical care under this new plan. Does that make a lick of sense?
Hey but you can get a wall!

Support Joe Kennedy in preventing the repeal of Obamacare and replacement with misery.
maybe we should give them guns?  #sarcasm
Well, providing health care is not actually the goal of this so-called health plan. Enriching the wealthy, is.
hero
@GoricaLalic it is a pity GOP and Trump are moving this country to this level of disregards to mental illness.
.@RepJoeKennedy thank you for standing up for the need for #MentalHealth care. That's something I wish my mom had
I know people who have been there Khary.
Those that need #MentalHealth care are people who need help.
What can They be thinking of?
@TripleMinority
That's so Reagan.
They like the crazies on the street untreated, helps justify mass incarceration slavery
Also plays well on TV.
Thank you! Keep it up
SURPRISE DJT lied to American Ppl! Gonna keep your healthcare ! Ryan is a sorry SOB! Dump GOP so bad for America!

Thank you Dem's Thank you Sen. Kennedy.
I've been trying to figure this out, thank you for asking. So now, one would need to pay more for plan covering Mental Health
assuming they have to even offer this care for more money, they might not even offer in every state
Joe Kennedy is the USA's @JustinTrudeau he is awesome. @BillieO2 @In4mdCndn @yourbodybible @amandablount2
It's a sad and dangerous time to be a citizen of the United States under this leadership, especially 4 those in need.
@thejennychoi The irony that the Republicans repeal cuts for mental illness is that the Republicans are mentally ill.
Great. Fix it then, retired Firefighters in Iowa pay 1/3rd of pension to healthcare premiums...
@SeriousOne1975 Dr Paul swore  with Trump to assure a replacement would go ad repeal occurred he swore everyone will have ins
And of course the inhuman robot trump lied @konaalii @RepJoeKennedy 

Absolute power corrupts absolutely
YES POWER CORRUPTING OF OBAMA, PODESTA, CLINTON'S, CONGRESS ETC THESE PEDOPHILES MUST BE LOCKED UP ! NO MORE EXCUSES. THEY'RE EVIL ALL DNC !
he needs to be looking at 2020 he got my vote unless Evan McMullin runs on the Dem ticket just saying
WRONG/LIE.  They are actually improving coverage for mental illness and addition.
@Rose_Bites they know that tax cut doesn't come with anti bullet super powers right?
don't they have common sense self preservation instincts???
@gretchenpeters Our GOP leaders have collectively lost their minds. Thank you Sen. Kennedy for making them admit. #ParseThis
GOP lets Dems read plan instead of telling them "need to pass it to see what's in it." @NancyPelosi
what does it matter what the dems did? would you accept that logic from a child? "he did it first!"
what were your comments to Obama & Pelosi when ACA was rolled out?
I preferred single payer so they were critical
@jasoncollins98 so the mentally ill can't get medical care they need, but they can get guns.  Awesome...
We're more a danger to ourselves when given a gun than we are others.
that's why I will never own a gun
Same.
Thank You for this!
@bennydiego and some of those people can go and buy guns easier #sad
Thank you for getting that statement from them on the record!
Way to go Joe!
Well done! Thank you, thank you!
this should surprise no one...  GOP hasn't supported mental health care for as long as I can remember.  Reprehensible.
brought tears of joy to my eyes knowing our leaders are fighting for equal healthcare that covers all aspects of health.
I'm a mom of a bipolar teen and this disgusts me. Don't preach morals when you have none.
@OFA but the mentally ill can still get a gun ! What is wrong with this country ? #ACArocks
I thought the GOP worked for the people - how about they give up their pay and insurance
#Leads
Thank you for making them state what they are dping clearly and on the record. Who was the speaker?
I'm impressed. Why doesn't the Democratic Party have a shining star like you in leadership instead of Pelosi?
hey the MIs will have guns to seek revenge. That's just insane. No pun!
sounds legit
Thank you on behalf of the people we care for who live with #mentalillness
thank you for questioning this sir there are to many who need mental health services.
you nailed it! Mental health is equal to physical health
Thanks you, Rep Kennedy.
good on ya!! Way to get the truth out!! #gingerfication #gingerpower
thank you Joe! Keep Resisting!
Gop no it's disastrous for our country and yet they persist...take off the American flags traitors, put on russia's instead
Good job and thank you.
Thank you Rep Kennedy for calling them out! Do they have no shame?
what? Removing the requirement of Mental Health benefits. Will someone please take a stand and stop this.
for President!!
@altusda well this should make us safer...nothing like more unstable people NOT getting help
This is exactly the opposite in what we are calling for in the wake of school shootings.
so give em a gun instead? #TrumpRussia #somelastterms
Kennedy 2020 #MakeAmericaAmericaAgain
Good to know that Congress thinks that the brain, the body's CPU, is not an important factor in health. Got it.
@EricBoehlert @CreighDeeds had  a tragic incident with his son that they seem to have forgotten. Shame on them.
issues will also be in trouble.
Keep fighting the good fight for those being left behind and Thank You
, thank you! 
Thank-you for your eloquent speech. Again, the GOP DOES NOT CARE for Americans in need.
I bet @seanhannity will blame #wikileaks. Joe, we appreciate how much you care about America. Unlike @gop, @FoxNews, @PRyan.
keep fighting!
what the????
.     wish you the very best in confronting these so-called Christian's on heath care---out to hurt the poor-elderly- sick.
The disadvantaged would have to drop ins& take chances lest they go broke. Meanwhilst fatcats get tax breaks on poor's back
Thanks for fighting for our healthcare @RepJoeKennedy! 
Could the Reb counsel have mumbled his jargon any lower? Thank you for persisting.
@Heather61048001 a blow to mental health 
thank you for standing up for us Joe.
Thank you RepKennedy.PLEASE find advocates to help Us &You #Resist. OurRights&ProtectionsAre Being Destroyed by Republicans
What about the very high premiums, deductibles, copays?
.@RepJoeKennedy So Americans couldn't get get mental health care coverage before Obamacare? Liar. I remember. It was & will be available.
You have to admire the fact they will give guns to people with mental health issues, but not give them treatment and care.  Fascinating.
@Abby_Whipp thank you Congressman Kennedy
Dear Joe. El you pls run for President in 2020?
@Chemswagg it doesn't matter who what and how it effects people just as longe as they appeal and replace Obama Care
@lizfinger1 My friend who is blind and has severe cognitive issues due to a rare type of brain cancer, can get a gun.
But if trumpcare goes through as written, he will lose his healthcare. What a trade off.
@OFA But at least they will be able to get guns! Who are these people?
GOP will stop coverage for mental health treatment all while giving greater access to guns. The worst kind of twisted.
yeah but hey at least they can buy guns now
@altusda but hey they can get guns
Now you are what representatives should do. Fight for the people, not the Insurance Companies.
hang in there, Joe!
you go Joe your family would be so proud of you.
I'm bipolar, and I suggest they keep my insurance intact. I really, really do.

My neighbors agree.  
#Trumpcare is No Care!
@riversanctuary just like when they kicked them all out of the mental health facilities #Trumpcare SUCKS
This is concerning given the amount of heroin overdoses daily in Louisville, KY
Wow! Millions lose mental health coverage under @GOP #TrumpCare plan but people  passing it keep their coverage. What a deal!
.@RepJoeKennedy a true Kennedy..Thank God!!!
Holy crap! Just like that...
shame! #RepealAndReplace
Keep up the good work, don't let these scoundrels get away with eliminating health care from those who need it most!
Soooo the GOP eliminates funding for treatment but won't prevent mentally ill from buying guns? #AmIRight?
Bravo
@Eyemsue this is just what Regan did! homeless in the street! mentally ill on the street! shame shame.. #historyrepeats
and shame some more
@psychopappy1961 #trumpcare bombs again
@EricHaywood The cold indifference in which the GOP lawyer responded was astounding
@JumpTheRework now they can buy a gun bc trump signed it so! On the street w/o medical help or housing, buy gun-fine. #WRONG
making us proud here in Massachusetts!
Disgusting
.@RepJoeKennedy Thx SO much for fighting to keep coverage for mental health & addiction. Amoral of GOP to try to repeal it. #ProtectOurCare
Do you see the reaction when forced to admit that? That shame? If your embarassed to say what your bill does, that's a sign.
I know what trump is doing. He is culling the poor ! Make life MUCH harder but make access to guns easier.
taxpayer funded healthcare coverage for congress and senate should be cut and be required to subscribe to their own plan
@KateElliottSFF Just knowing what they're doing is disgusting. I don't need to watch. I'd just get super angry.
Thank you for this too!! You're absolutely right to make them admit what's missing!!
.@RepJoeKennedy Thank you so much for asking ?s others aren't! Can't believe GOP #AHCA eliminates mental health coverage. TY for caring!
@jongarysteele does any GOP actually care about anything but the rich?
Oh Mr Ryan, have you no shame?
and that is inexcusable!
for President 2020
they don't care.  It's about winning and making $ for their handlers.
Not surprising repubs, so called Christians, are openly admitting they've lost their their compassion and concern for others.
thanks Joe for supporting MH services
I have bipolar disorder.  Passage of the ACA lead to leaps and bounds in improvement.  My life is stable and peaceful.
@NastyProud those people make me sick
Thank you Joe. Thank you for speaking up.
Thank you for bringing this to light! 
Well at least they won't be kept away from the gun counter by mental health treatment right boys?  #Republicare   #trumpcare
That will really help the opioid problem. Thanks GOP. #protectourcare
mental health is lacking in most of country.  The addiction issue needs changing as it has become a revolving door program
@ASlavitt EXACTLY Why the disconnect? This will turn from a problem to LETHAL -LIVES MATTER, ESPECIALLY MEDICALLY FRAIL 
hell yea Joe!!!!!  Speak up and call these #fake #Christians out!!!
Thank you so much Mr. Joe Kennedy.
GOP blames every act of gun violence on mental illness. Also just made it easier for mentally ill to buy guns. Why?
Absolutely insane! No compassion.
Results in the j system having to pick up the slack and costing us more in end, let alone the morality of it.
DO NOT SIGN THIS FIGHT IT HELP THOSE WHO CAN'T HELP THEMSELVES..........
great job Joe Kennedy
hey, at least they get better access to guns!
at the same time they make it easier for people with mental health problems to buy guns. And Trump think Sweden has problems
@IndivisibleTeam @IndivisibleKy In a time of opiod crisis, we need so much mental health.
give the ppl what they voted for... take it all away... it's what Trump promised
People need to internalize the fact that the GOP -politicos and voters alike- does.not. care. abt their fellow Americans.
my daughter has multiple mental health issues! This is not right.
@GoricaLalic Well there u go!
Thank-you for making it clear how insidious these people are and how terrible their plan is. THANK YOU Thank You THANK YOU
thank you for READING God's Word to them.possibly the only time they heard what God says about how to treat people
I repeat  "GOP plan will not cover millions suffering from metal illness & addictions. "
Think of the suffering and what do you think that will do to the crime rate?
This is beyond comprehension and the answer was muddled but @RepJoeKennedy persisted. GOP Trumpcare undermines mental health.
nicely done!! Go Joe!
