He didn't defend them. It is a sad day when you don't acknowledge Antifa and BLM as hate groups and killers
Please show me a legitimate article that writes about Antifa or BLM or any of their ACTUAL members killing someone.
Dallas cops ambushed last year by BLM. NYC cops assassinated in their cars by BLM. Obama had them as guests after they killed the cops in Tx
It wasn't the BLM. The gunman was a supporter of the New Black Panther Party, which is listed as a hate group.
Read the entire thing. He supported all black hate groups. Racism is on both sides. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_shooting_of_Dallas_police_officers …
"The suspect said he was not affiliated with any groups, and the suspect said that he did this alone.”
The suspect had blm, had previously pledged allegiance to black panthers, etc on his FB and his sister urged him to do the shooting.
Sorry but simply stating facts does not make one racist. Law enforcement already concluded he had no affiliations. Stop lying. It's pitiful.
Fat chance that will happen. We are 100 Million strong and we will defend our votes that placed him as our President!!
Obama administration's Ukrainian nazis
To disclose what was not previously disclosed to you and should have been disclosed
We been here before...and I don't wanna take that route
So there's your beloved American leadership anointing nazis. What's your take?
You are a clown who repeats hoaxer Louise Mensch. Trump has disavowed white supremacists for 20 years on tape while u support Marxist Antifa
You know all you people that are bad mouthing the @potus are pathetic if you aren't part of the solution you are the problem
The problem are proud nazis publicly attacking others and vocalizing their supremacist beliefs.
All of the nazis? Most of the people at the rally were people who thought that their race (white) was under attack. No difference to BLM
White people have never been "under attack" for being white in America on a broad  scale.
Ok? In your opinion though. It's all opinions, so I don't really see why people are calling these rallies "white supremacist rallies"
What exactly "bad" things are Jews doing besides existing??
its their opinion, I could say "What exactly 'bad' things are Whites doing besides existing??
Honestly I'm tired of the word opinion being used in political discussion and awareness bc it only deflects issues and prevents progress

What kind of sub-humans would try to bully a man in a wheelchair?

Antifa.…
Bull . You are so pathetic. Twist the Truth. You come out against menthol cigarettes. That should get u reelected. Stop OBSTRUCTION!!!

It's a sad day in America when Senators blatantly lie about POTUS.
Still time for this Democrat to retract his support for alt left violence With Dems leaderless, would be good start.
It's a sad day in American history when the President is under attack daily because of mainstream media hatred, land you're a puppet.
Apathetic Ed pushing the anti-American Progressive agenda. I listened to POTUS speech, although not ideal & succinct, not remotely racist !
Who defended white supremacists?
You are twisting that!!!... It's about FREE speech...Is FREE speech a bad thing or not?...YOU ARE TWISTING THAT ED AND YOU KNOW IT!
It's EVERDAY when a Liberal TOOL like you propagates hubris and bullshit; It will cost you at that polls.
It's a sad day when you ignore followers throwing piss bags at police who are at work keeping the peace, for us, and no word from you. Shame
He did not. But you defend violent leftist. Go crawl back uder your rock.
Yet you ignore free speech suppression in Boston and condone urine and other objects thrown at police..hypocrite if the commonwealth
You misspelled "expressed".
Thousands exercise their right to free speech in Boston. I'd say this free speech rally was a rousing success. 
Thank god for the internet.  They can't control the narrative, but Markey and Co. just keep on lying!
Will you immediately & specifically condemn Sen. from MO. who made comments about the president?
Have you & will you condemn the communist AntiFa/BLM domestic terrorists for the violence they caused & throwing bodily fluid?
It MIGHT be sad BUT no surprise when democrats defend communist AntiFa/BLM agitators & terrorists.  Like you.
Get the facts straight
You won't last long in office.   rep Ind and Dems have woken up to your victim Pimping you have done for years along with your poverty pimpi
No it's a sad day when the left endorses and encouraged mobs based on total lies they themselves are responsible for making up!
That is a flat out LIE. It's a sad day when Democrats don't heed the words of MLK but instead promote division with lies #BostonFreeSpeech
Every rally that takes place after the Charlotteville, VA one will only further their agenda of hate and violence. Stop them now!
Please make public statements that condemn those who issued the license for the "Free Speech" rally this Sat.
http://www.bostonherald.com/news/local_coverage/2017/08/ku_klux_klan_to_attend_boston_rally … Senator, please speak out against the rally planned for Boston. KKK and WS are not welcome in our city.
Sure your name isn't Malarky
Its even worse when demlibs created all 3 hate groups present that day in va
Lair.
Thank you, Senator. Please urge House to impeach/invoke 25th amendment. Congress must act to remove neo-Nazi sympathizer dividing our nation
Yes, it is. #impeach #25thAmendment
Omg,  what a coward... All the great things this man did for his state, All respect lost
You guys need to get real.....I watched the speech and the President did not defend the actions of ANY one group from Saturday's event.
No he didnt.
You mean when you were hugging Senator Byrd the former leader in the KKK?
It's cuz these the same people that voted for him lol
@SenMarkey, Please make sure you defend America through actions and not just words. USA needs you to be strong and collaborative against h8.
Where did he say he was defending White Supremacists? I'll wait.
Egg o
He will continue in his ways until he is held Accountable. So far he has Not. #PRAY FOR AMERICA
Does this mean you defend Antifa?
Very sad indeed.
What about Obama supporting BLM? Who is also a hate group. you politicians are feeding BS to the mindless to fuel your propaganda machine.
HELP https://www.gofundme.com/people-are-trying-to-kill-me …
We have reverted so much in the last 8 months but it began with the presidential campaigns
Yet the powers that be, will do nothing to get him out of office or impeach his arse. Shame on all who put him in office, smh

who r u lol
Just a fan of your tweets.
hope you learn something!
It's a sad day when they sold ur ice cream truck...
It's a sad day when a celebrity tries to take part in politics. You can't be more disconnected from the struggles of the common man.
Nazism is Anti-American. We must make Nazi traitors subject to the Treason Felony Act 1848. We cannot have Nazis in America. It's just WRONG
TRUMP DOESN'T EVEN DESERVE TO BE CALLED PRESIDENT. THIS MAN NEEDS TO BE PUT IN A TIME MACHINE AND SENT BACK IN TIME. GOD AND JESUS HELP US.
MR MARKEY YOU ARE SO CORRECT. I AM ALMOST ASHAMED TO SAY I PROUDLY SERVED THIS GREAT NATION IN THE MARINES. WHAT THE HELL IS TRUMP SMOKING.
He did not...smh If the racists black groups are entitled to peaceful protests so are the racist white groups.
Its a sad day that even with all the hate going on in the USA, ppl still attack The President! #SpreadLoveNotHate
Are you for real...you are being irresponsible with that B.S.! He has never sided with white supremacist. Completely and utterly false.
P S we never trusted him in the first place ..
Everyday that trump is president for will be a sad day
NOT ENOUGH...reconvene Congress, censure Potus, demand resignation....not one more drop of blood...what's wrong with you all?!
The democrats need to be louder and angrier!!
But don't say shit though bye bye.
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …

Like RACIST-EVIL FATHER, like RACIST-EVIL SON,#tRUMPPiranhawas taught long ago...non-white is alt-right, I believed him the 1st time
Racist ideology at ANY protest is wrong & MUST BE CONDEMNED, NO ONE SHOULD tolerate bigotry & domestic terrorism by the KKK & neo-Nazis
THAT'S not a fact, but you defended BLM
Right!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How many of you have maids and butlers etc. unpaid aids
Just trying to be on the other side for reelection
Go away
If you were honest you would see he's not defending he stating the truth both sides were violent both sides have extremes this is just afact
I like you Ed, seem cool
And even sadder that we allow that President to remain in office and govern the American people.
A) he didn't defend them. B) every president up to Gerald Ford did so congrats that gives you like 7/45 lol
Thank you
Everyday is a sad day when he's our President
Why can't congress call an emergency session to denounce Trump's comments and call out white supremacists?
He didn't!
Despicable comment SENATOR and a total LIE.
Please. Remove him.
ahh yes a man endorsed by the kkk, doesn't correlate to me bud sorry
Just bc they endorse him doesn't mean that he supports them. There's not really anything he can do about who choses to support him.
this same racist, vile man stood in defense for those attending a neo-nazi rally
It started out as just protesting a statue being taken down. Not everyone there were neo-nazis.
you might want to reword that last sentence, doesn't sound right to me
Just because the majority were doesn't mean they all were.
don't lie to yourself, they were all there for the same damn reason
It's a sad day when you can't support the right to freely assemble. (1st amendment, look it up.)
He supports them because they are his supporter. If he went against them he would loose all his following and then EVERYONE would hate him.
No it was a Sad day when the likes of someone like you became our senator
Seems like we keep going backwards smh . #ImpeachTrumpNow
In front of the entire world, on live television. Wow.
Do something about it!  #ImpeachTrump #Impeach #ImpeachNow
The President never defended the neo Nazi white supremacists you dolt! Quit lying 
Can u run for president pls 
He did not. It's a sad day when a US Senator spreads lies to Americans to propagate hate and divisiveness. Be part of the solution, Sir
He has not.He delays opinion to the hatred between whites and immigrants a problem he inherited.
Defending their rights is different from defending their views
Bruh everybody going in on trump @EddoTheCreator
But indiscriminate remote bombing is business as usual?
It was a great day in American History when President called out all sides White/Black for commiting racism and violence. KKK, BLM, ANTIFA
Imagine thinking than BLM who stands for equality is the same as Nazi who ... are freaking nazis
It was a sadder day when he won the election.
Clean out your ears! Or take of the selective hearing filter! He condemned both sides for the violence as he should! Idiot!
Show me where that happened. Don't worry I'll wait.....
What a propagandist. How many times does Trump have to say he condemns them along with Antifa the hard left version of white supremacists.
Thanks Ed for standing up. I've been so proud to be from MA since trump was elected.
Much sadder when all congress will do about it is say, “Aw, shucks…” about it. DO SOMETHING! #impeachtrump NOW. @fabucat
It's a sad day in American history when a sitting Senator openly and brazenly disregards the First Amendment.
Quit your job. You suck at it.
@itsgabrielleu It's a day for Americans to WAKE UP & FIGHT!!  TRUMP MUST GO!!
Not a surprise to most. He's the proud birther boy and the GOP was silent
You do know Hillary started the birthed thing during the 2008 primary, right? Then Dems tried using it on Ted Cruz in 2016. Hypocrites.
"birther". Sorry- auto correct
Well if the military won't obey him, he has to get an army from somewhere.
Great. Tweets don't help anymore. Do something about it!!
He (Markey) doesn't know what integrity is...
It's a sad day in Global history when a "powerful leader" re-traces the steps of another, that lead to the deaths of millions... Wake up US!
It was a sadder day when a white supremacist was "elected" president of the US.


What about the dude on @AC360 that defended these actions and words... oh yeah he was black
*is a white supremacist
Fine. Just make Pence president
He must go completely unhinged.
It's even more sad know that still people which believe in persons like that
Are you surprised! This country  was built on white supremacy.
This country was stolen from the native americans , built with slave labor  run by white supremacist and people still don't see the problem
Re read your history maybe...The Indians willingly sold land for money and guns and all sorts of things...No totally whiteys doing...
They had their own slaves as well. (people of other tribes)...Pick up a book and gain a understanding of history, not make up your own.
Im sure that there were many people that did not flat out steal the land from Native Americans
Are u serious?
I do not know who you are, but it's sadder that that little man calls him "president"
God help us all
I totally agree this has gotten out of control Trump should be impeached who agrees??
Where did he say that? And you have no right saying anything until you denounce Antifa.
Can you please talk to your colleagues, the Senate Republicans, and see what can be done about removing trump?
Time to remove him from the Whitehouse - impeach as unfit
@NatashaChart Remove him from office, now! Trump's mentally unstable & can't be trusted w/power of US Military! #ImpeachTrump
Can you prove it?
Less talk, more action. What are you doing to remove him from office?
Let's also condemn the domestic terror groups antifa and blm.
He didn't, you liar.
The Senate should censure him.
Can you prove your ridiculous statement?
Or when senators grossly misrepresent what was said to push an agenda...
This gets the point across.

So you get the point being made?
Ed Trump has become unhinged time to invoke the 25th ammendment
Who the fuck is Ed Trump?

It's a SAD DAY when you refuse to call out the Alt/Left
If you would've watched about three seconds of the press conference, you would know he did none of that.
Get facts, lies.
You are another one that is driving division in this country. Listen to what the President said. #NOREELECTION
We did it was bad. Btw there won't be a re election, there will be a republican succession. It's in the constitution.
It's a sad day period. trump was falsely elected.
Education a problem for you. Does Electoral college ring a bell?
You are a liar!
Could you post a link of " the President of the United States defends white supremacists." Because NO ONE other than #FakeNews heard that.
Sorry not a reporter and I heard that. What's better is white supremacists heard it also according to their responses.
He doesn't identify today as a reporter.
Yea my ascap publishing supports that . 
And republicans still don't care
Hum so Robert E Lee is the devil?

Its a sad day in American history when do nothing Senators spout ridiculous lies and accusations like this loser
Aww truth hurts
If truth actually hurt, sweetheart, you would be dead.
So you rather him defend communist? He is correct to blame both sides in the craziness that happened on saturday. Both are evil.
Go back to selling Popsicles!  You're hardly qualified to judge anyone!
@realDonaldTrump  Thank you Senator Markey
The way the leftist media has spun this is despicable. How do you sleep at night knowing your people are are thoroughly deceived?
The right media seems to also be finding fault here ..so... whose being deceived if you're omitting information?
Both of you...
l o l
NAZIS, that's the name.
White Americans and politicians most republicans have always passively condoned white supremacy. the founding fathers was slave owners!
Bullshit. White Americans have fought and died including my uncle and father for all Americans. As have many blacks fought and died.
Thank you Senator for not hesitating to stand up for what's right
