Thank goodness it's not a done deal. It will go to litigation
declaration of war....ur a fraud,
@SenMarkey and meanwhile @realDonaldTrump ramps up his actual war machine. So many fronts to battle. #collusion #coverup etc
your a fool

You want War ,,,,,,,Dirtbag Sen. Markey: Trump's,,,,,,,U GOT IT !
. @HowieCarrShow. Howie, what's wrong with this guy who's a politician from MA a Sen. no less. Hopefully, not to be re-elected.
HRC state Department recieved $6 billions 4 EPA the money disappear. 
End up at HRC foundation
Enough with the fake "climate change" BS!  We are sick of it! #whywevotedforTrump
@MSthe problem with denying reality is that it slaps u in the face anyway and it hurts a lot more
I rest my case. No clue about anything.
How long are we going to put up with this Bozo.  This guy has no business being president.
Not war just common sense which Sen. Markey does not possess.
more idiots come out every day
We are sick of seen EPA $ disappear
indeed!
A war on the philosophy on human longevity. Aside from the VARadiationBelt+BeerenbergVolcano naturally warming the ArcticWaters CONT
CONT somehow us Humans are supposed to overcome smaller ecological systems that do NOT even make a 1% difference in plausible CONT
CONT outcomes from the NATURAL movement of very large ecological systems at play. The HOLDING on to what we Humans understand CONT
CONT as modern Western lifestyle and FEELING good about just living happily IS more important than fighting #climatechange
war...seriously?  Seriously LOL
#leftwingnut
sigh here .. on the dotted line.  don't worry what it is !!
Trump's war on humanity.
This old folk should open his mind for new technology of clean coal power plant. Don't use loud mouth but brain to make smart policy
@SenMarkey We know war. For 8 yrs BH0 & Dems have waged war on middle class, small business, ppl enacting their religious beliefs.
@SenMarkey His choice.
BACK IT UP! Exactly what intel do you have to state this as fact ?
So effeminate liberals swinging purses is "war" now?
Whatever. Don't care. MAGA on.
EPA is where the Democrats steal from people
he doesn't care about public welfare r the Land just trying 2 Wipeout President Obama u can not do that 44 will always be
He's proof that the Dem Party has lost it's ever loving mind. And not one of his pals disagree....so there u have it! The Wacko Party
Dems appear to be throwing around the declaration of war phrase for many issues these days.
said the ice cream salesman.
Dems have been in war with Trump since he got elected!  What's new?
trump says "make in the USA" while destroying incentives for US companies to make clean energy technology in usa.  #WTF?
if epa is great then why are not working in that field pays. Govt pay less so most can assume they couldn't get a job anywhere else
Exactly. Trump's EPA interference is a declaration of war on Americans having clean water & clean air. Our poor kids & grandkids...
LOL, @SenMarkey Markey is a buffoon.
Time to purge the unelected officials and the EPA and free America from their tyranny. MAGA!
Trump is doing a misservice to our children and grandchildren. Reversing EPA regulations will only prove to hurt our environment.BAD!
let's make America great again........ how's that working so far ??
His idea of making America great again is back when slavery was legal, women couldn't vote and corps could kill us.
@Potus45 & the @GOP want to pollute this country & turn it as dark as their hearts #ImpeachTrump #Resist #LockHimUp
judging by this guys age he is responsible for all the bad laws written in the last 100 years, come on term limits
under Obama epa carry  out Obama's agenda to make America small
lol. #climatechange is a mythology and the entire EPA could be replaced with a few clean air/water laws.
@SenMarkey @SpeakerRyan  a declaration of war on incompetent democrats and their previous laws and regulations.
lol typical ridiculous libs
it's about time someone declared war on the all knowing wizards of weather
pls no impeach him that is the best congress pls do something no war are family our country pls do something to stop that pls god
omg stop being so dramatic and calling everything a declaration of war. You and Cheney are irresponsible with words
a war on the next generation, all becs of greed.Shame on them
So can we have a national vote/ referendum on global warming & EPA regulations? While we are at it can we vote to end gerrymandering?
We gonna have a draft and everything?
Can't wait to vote against you
Thank you, Ed. Perfect response.
Oh don't have a hissy fit. Mr. Trump has a great mind and great intuition. He knows the truth about the environment from the shows.
Um..what?
Oh right, that show "Environment Now!"  every Sunday on Fox News!
@JudgeJeanine on FOX is the best. Great lady. Nice ass!
Still prefer their Saturday night show "Drill, Baby, Drill!!"
another hysterical nitwit
