We volunteered service instead of dodging the draft.
Thank you! Anyone who wants to serve, should serve.im proud of all
I am a disabled vet, author, artist who just happens to be transgender. I dont know what the fascination with my junk is.
He's trying to distract from his many legal problems.
Obama's legacy after 8 years,  will consist of a book  with  blank pages
Thank you, @SenMarkey. Anyone who is brave & strong enough to serve should get the chance.

T is just trying to change the subject again from the Russia investigation. Using our trans military for his nefarious needs. Desperate.
Unfortunately people just think trans people are just there to "rub dicks with other soldiers"
No one is questioning their dedication or their patriotism no doubt they are both, however, they are and will be a distraction and burden.
Susan how are they a burden? Did they distract you from enlisting?
If you're willing to serve and possibly die for your country I have more respect for you than most anybody. President is blind here.
To be clear, what exactly is the demand of which you're speaking? Demand "to be accepted" is far too nebulous/vague to warrant a response.
Thank you for standing against this hate filled policy. Please continue to stand for All Americans not just a select bigoted few.
Thank you, Sen. Markey! I  being your constituent!
Thank you! This constituent appreciates your support.
Don't stop the retweets 
I am nit a hater, but who says we owe it to these ppl to change their sex at tax payer funds?  We already pay for traitor Manning
Why should we pay for Viagra for impotent servicemen? We already spend much more for their erections than trans healthcare would cost.
So are diabetics, but they can't join the military either. Trans-gendered individuals need ongoing hormone med just like diabetics need meds
One a transgender person's body gets in line with their identified gender, then they no longer need hormone treatment.
because you ain't going to do it!!!
What a joke. You're pandering to 0.3% of the population. What percentage of that 0.3% will join the military? Stop the fake outrage.
There are thousands already serving and scores more trans vets. They volunteered to put their lives on the line to keep us all safe and free
The numbers are definitely bloated. LGBT biased reports put it at 15k. CNN says 1k-6k. Liberal math to push agendas. No thanks.
1-6K is not thousands?
You missed the point. The numbers are skewed & the source can't be trusted based on track record. Still talking 0.3% of the population.
I guess it won't matter to you until you're in that small percentage of people being discriminated against. smh tired of the bs
I'd rather not pander to small percentages & have my tax dollars spent on sex changes because people see medical loopholes in the military.
They are a distraction.
I just got banned on fb for my oposition post...3 day silencing
#Hollowedhartzler has got to go!  Please join @ReneeHoagenson twitter acct. She believes in equality  & she cares! #Mo4 #Resistance fighter.
Wrong.
Ed Markey. It appears to be that you have never been in the military. I have and this WILL NEVER WORK. WAY 2 MANY PROBLEMS.
Be a guest on The Joe Madison Show, SiriusXM?
My 93 yr old mom served w her brothers in WWII. She has no prob w transgender or any American who can serve honorably.

No wonder we are $20 trillion in debt! Dont care about foolish things u spend for, yet VA wont take care of me!
Does that include PFC Manning?
As always, pandering to freaks! As a Army Vet, there is no way I could support this crap, even in the military.
Ed & Pat, transgenders serving braver than Trump in Vietnam era. He had at least 5 deferments to keep from serving. Trump has to look tough
.@SenMarkey 
We cannot have people joining the armed forces with a motive of free surgery and meds
Care about readiness
c@SethGitell
Saying that "ALL trans" are patriots is like me saying that "ALL trans" are pussies. Except your comparison is much less true.  #LGBT
Thank you Mr. Frosty
Thank you 
#VirtueSignaling
Thank you for your voice, Senator. Patriots support letting fellow patriots serve without discrimination! #Resist!
Eddy, apparently and fortunately for the country the Commander-in-Chief, Donald J. Trump disagrees with your foolishness!
Unfortunately the bill discriminated against other groups. They shouldn't get tax payer dollars when others do not.
They are only a distraction if you "Know" and are strangely obsessed. Those who take these things this personally need pro  help. #LGBTQ
As long as they do expect the tax payer to pay for their surgery and hormones-they can do what they want.
We must open up all branches to the transgender Americans for recruitment.
Service and Honor, as a Vietnam Vet I can tell you they don't even know what they are by looking at their utilities.   Adios
Vote your #criminal party home/prison/

 institution they are all nut cases and we

 need ppl to work 4america not complain

 4america
PC #DemsResist are a bunch of ‘#Socialist, #Hypocrites’The American Ppl totally reject their PC POLICE BS vote yes #ACARepeal #MAGA stop DNC
Amazing trump does these things when he was a chicken and refused to serve
How would you know? Have you worked w/transgendered people? I have. Yes, they are dedicate but have everyday issues not suited for military.
no,I'm sorry ed.there very,distracting.Will stop disagreeing with everything trump says.do your job or your out!
I think we need to ban imbeciles from the White House.
Transgender service members, you are loved. You are valued. I am so sorry this is happening and doubly committed to resist.
You all will say and do anything for a vote.  Have you sold your soul to the devil too.
You are all seven steps behind the great Prez Trump.
1) increase tensions with North Korea.
2) plant seeds about NK's rapidly developing missile capabilities.
3) ban #HealthCare.
Timing of it is the distraction
Please help remove the bigots from the White House.
Why should we pay for gender re-assignment surgery? It's their right to do it sure...not our responsibility to pay for it. Bottom line #LGBT
If someone is willing to put their life down for me, it seems like a small price to pay.
He's trimming the fat. Which is what our country needs. Let's get down to personal responsibility and gain some pride in that. #LGBT
Act.
Love.
Can't we still love them, but want mentally strong healthy and sure soldiers?
@realDonaldTrump and the entire @GOP are the distraction. They are ruining this country.
AH yes, yet ANOTHER issue changed by tramp to defer his russian ties!
Your nuts
Ed, you are slobbering again. Up Down Up Down watch your eye.
Ppl must be getting close to truth of dt/putin connect! Y else would he throw the HRC meat out to his rabid base..trans...all distractions?
This is 2018's biggest issue.  Trump gave you a gift. 

Thank you for your positive sentiments- tot agree, but you need to learn Trumps shell game Senator and you need to learn it now.
If the enemy breaks down our doors and our service men and women defend us all with their lives,think anyone should care what sex they are?
I agree and bless them for their service to USA 
When I led soldiers, I didn't care who they loved. I cared that they were prepared for & accomplished the mission. Period.
YOU DIDNT LEAD YOU WERE LEAD
Disgusting.  Bye, bye American pie.  When is the senate and congress going to do something before it's too late?
Thank you Senator Markey.
Oh go vote for healthcare you have YOUR Resists ban on and hand out to #LGBTQ community ya no its all about the MONEY TO YOU
Your comment is incoherent...same as trump.
Oh that's so typical for a liberal you know that's as Old #old You are 
Why you think they who sex change at age 55-60 should serve MR PC world , listening to ground generals mean MORE!Then U all on streets
Who r Generals & experts that told POTUS to do this? Who r these ppl? Public has a right to know..please ask for a list of names from POTUS.
Can he really do this??
"Mr Frosty" aka Sen Markey is completely out of touch. Hasn't had a real job since he drove an ice cream truck years ago.
That's not what he said.  You can't read what you want into it.
Having served on active duty in the Marine Corps I don't believe taxpayers should be paying for people to transition.
no offense...I am smart and talented, but even with my degrees, I am damned confused, how do know which type has the equipment I like?, Ed?
His Tweets are the distraction. Chum for base. He promised affordable healthcare for everyone. He has failed. Focus on his failures.
That's a whole lot to focus on. But I think I can do it.
If you forget any of them, I'm here to help refresh your memory!
Is there such a thing as bone spur reassignment surgery? These people are braver than their commander in chief
As a veteran I welcome anyone willing to sacrifice their lives on the alter of freedom to protect our citizens. Even draft dodging bigots.
One would hope so!!! more love and tolerance is needed NOT less
Our current pretender in chief would not know about service,honor or love of country.
Thank you for representing ALL Americans! Proud to be your constituent.
