By revealing code-word info to Russia, he may have compromised intel sources, endangered fight against ISIS, undermined trust of intl prtnrs
Congress must investigate this irresponsible action & take steps to ensure Trump does no addl damage to US natl sec in his dealings w Russia
Check out my statement on President Trump revealing highly classified intelligence to Russia. #TrumpRussia 
https://www.facebook.com/EdJMarkey/posts/10154761462471379 …
Thank you, Senator. The majority of this country has never been this frightened of a President's actions. 
Are you talking about the threat of expose of one unnamed source or the possible exposure of thousands by the Secretary of State?
Is it possible to trust RUSSIA more than we trust ISIS? WAR benefits the BANKS and the ARMS makers. Who decides who the enemy is?
Hillary Clinton had lack of judgment 30,000 times. I hope PRESIDENT Trump gets to claim "no intent"
Need to get your facts straight.
HE SHOULD BE IMPEACHED AND IMPRISONED! POINT, BLANK, PERIOD!
Really?  Getting your information from an anti-Trump paper is sound judgment?  *LOL*
And you have the facts to back that up? Just like you have facts of collusion.  I'm impressed, please share your info.
more LIES, leave him ALONE so he can FIX what barack OSSAMA screwed up. why did nobody go after ossama for TREASON ??=CORRUPT.!!!
the leaking for political gain put the whole story in the public domain is even worse for our country's image and safety
You speak of judgment only you have no clue POTUS has authority to declassify anything he wishes.  Nice1 Senator lol
but he said "I am very intelligent"
If it was me, I would be in jail, but not so with the president.
Can't you guys watch him better.   Are they going to fire him?
THE INFORMATION  IS NOT "MOST SENSITIVE"  THE RUSSIANS NEEDED TO KNOW THE INFORMATION BECAUSE  LOST A PLANE FROM A LAPTOP BOMB
you might want to talk to the secretary of state, he was there and nothing was disclosed.
You democrats have got to be the dumbest people in the world.  This has been all over the internet since March 1st.
our elected officials need to be held accountable for choosing to attack the President continually based on tabloid equivalent news
My conspiracy theory. Russia continues to upend our democracy by feeding lib's bs, Liberals jump on chance to demean our prez.
and your decision to attack the President of the United States on social media based on unfounded, unproven material should be a crime
And what was the Russian Reset ? and uranium sale ?
This is BS! False Report. I am a Democrat. Obstruction and getting paid for what.? Get to work for the People.,
BleachbitCH did it.  You have evidence of your fake bs?
Just Impeach Already #ImpachAlready
Unfortunately, I don't think it is a lack of judgement, rather it is probably a lack of understanding.
SO is putting U.S. classified intel on private server. YOU hack. Hillary is a criminal. Prison long over due.
were you there? did you hear what was said or just guessing? I bet you are guessing
Wait...  what?  Did you even proof read this?  And besides, it's not like he unmasked ST6 - on Nat'l TV for the Bin Laden raid- to BRAG.
Really What else did you expect of him? The world knew he wasn't smart. How did he get to the presidency? The man appoints family
Where's the proof????
Says the idiots from the party who was with HER!
Lie!  Gen McMasters has just said you are lying that did not happen!!!  I think you know who he is!!  Get lost! It ain't working!
Presidents can say what he wants and you know it. The stupidity of the tweets makes me laugh. He can declassify by just his words.
He can, and he has repeatedly shown the lack of judgement requisite for that responsibility.
My guess is @realDonaldTrump didn't realize that the information was classified #mailingitinasPOTUS
That, or treason
You Think?  Why is the Senate doing NOTHING to get rid of this guy.  He is DANGEROUS and UNFIT!
Yes!
Don't believe everything you read.
He is too easily manipulated by diplomats because of his giant ego that constantly needs stroking!  He is not smart enough to see thru it!
Truly he doesn't have a clue!
Why wouldn't a responsible elected Sen. Wait to ensure this isn't liberal FAKE news?! You're part of a knee-jerk Media circus!
No, no, it's treason. Let's call things by their proper names, it makes matters simpler.
His judgement is questionable at best.Learning curve not an excuse.To Declassify on the fly is not an excuse. Tired of excuses and cover up
The lack of judgement comes from all the Dems and liberal media who just want to keep a circus going! Shame!
Why is he being given this information in the first place?
The fact that you tweeted this without verifying - shows your astounding lack of judgement.
24 hour news cycle. Comey...who!!!
You need to put more pressure than this on you GOP colleagues.
Can you just say treason, for the love of America?
Wake up! You are part of a foolish media circus!  No rumblings from Dems over Hillary's 4 year violation of Nat.Sec.
Yes, because giving our secrets directly to Russian spymasters is just like using email like powell, rice, and bush did in office.
While I appreciate the subtle art of understatement, Senator, I wonder if the time for it has expired. #Impeachment
Duh, you are all part of a sorry media circus. Where was your fervor on 4 yrs. of Hillary's breaches?!
It's true, he did share that intel, but so what? We want to buddy up with the Russian intelligence services, d'oh!
Please keep watching this. Thank you.
So scary!!!
Whats scary, is the crazed Dems & media circus over Trumps win!  Not a peep on 4 yrs. of Hillary's blatant crimes!
Hopefully your colleagues wake up. This is unacceptable. Country over party needs to be how things operate.
You had me at betrays, but lost me at judgement, Senator.
Our president is either incompetent or a Russian spy
Betrays the ISIS op that was going on! He probably is going to get people killed.
The traitor has to go
