No, it means they will have the freedom to buy the insurance they want to have. Freedom scares you, doesn’t it?
Wrong. It means that they would've had terrible plans that cover little IF even available in their area.
My original point stands. Give ppl the freedom to buy the plans they need and competition in the system to lower costs. Ocare screws both.
Sounds good on paper, but there is not enough information to support this. And, still steals HC from millions.  Sorry, OCARE works better!
Ocare is failing. That's how well it's working. And those people will be able to buy better and more affordable care in the free market.
No, they are not.  Sorry.
As I have been saying, the best thing to do is to FIX and Repair the ACA. I know it's not perfect and has kinks in it.It took at least 2 yrs
They need to get rid of Oboma care tear it up and start from scratch instead of a little tweak here and there that will give less coverage
We need to shame and silence those who cannot spell, read and tweet nonsense.
I can think of 1 person who fits that description to a tee.DJT.
ACA time after http://time.You  didn't come up with this Health Care Plan over night.It took time and Team work.Fix and Repair ACA.
That's what I'm saying! Come up with a better plan
Govt should not be involved with healthcare to start with. ...and they would not be if it were not for received donations.
WRONG! The govt should provide or facilitate quality, affordable and accessible HC for ALL Americans.  It's a national security issue!
Why worry over something due to failure.
The GOP is trying to send a Rope-a-Dope health care bill for vote. They have lost their way to krafting an acceptable bill.
Your opinion of Obamacare; you can keep your doctor, keep your plan, lower premiums. Can you inderstand why we do not believe your BS?
The GOP is as disfunctionsl &dishonest as Trump!  Lord, when can we vote them out! They are a bad circus act!
Why are we using a "throw it against the wall & see what sticks" method of instituting healthcare laws? We have devolved so much.
We as Americans deserve truly thought out and belabored discussions before government should be able to possibly upend our livelihood.
No, it means millions fewer forced to spend money they neither have or want to spend. Tell the truth for once!
No, you've stated a falsehood.  SAD!
Prove me wrong! How many were forced to spend money, they can't afford to spend, on Obamacare?
This entire administration is WRONG for the American people and the world!
Vote no
MORE LIKE ANY BILL FROM THE @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems, MEANS NO ACCOMPLISHMENT. JUST WAR ON OUR SOIL.REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE.FACTS.
Geez is it a healthcare bill if people are UNINSURED?  Hello??  Help me out here!
Fuck Fox, Fuck the Skinny repeal & all the Republicans in the pockets of the Rich, fuck their Huge tax Cuts!
The header in that video is everything wrong with Dems. It can only be their way or the highway. Sad
Dems, please call it what it actually is "genocide by economics."  You don't need to mince words or water it down
@SenMarkey @SenWarren  Stop the Insanity! You know ACA IS SOCIALISM. Do something to help US. You will be voted out!!!
And what is wrong with socialism? What's wrong with health care for all?  It's FAR better than having an idiot as our dictator-in-chief!
Only because Obummer care FORCED American to buy health care. Whether they needed/wanted it or not. Once again Dems continue to lie
President OBAMA did not force anyone to do anything. And, it's the GOP'ers that are lying to the people. Catch up, k?
Can't get any more proof that #republicans do NOT care about the #American people! #Greed #TrumpMafia #Liars&Crooks #NoMoreRepublicans
Working side by side with the Republicans doing research, talking to Drs.,Ins. companies, Hospitals.U had meetings and discussions about the
Please fucking save us from @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump
Just VOTE NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NON NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NON NO NO NON ON NON NONnonononononononononononononononononnono

Stay strong. Keep fighting. You are saving lives today. Thank you.
Trumps house of cards did not leave room for the American people to have healthcare. He has gone out of his way to to the name"Obama care"
Fix the ACA... chanting...
It's hard to feel sorry for millions of Americans who will lose their healthcare that voted for Trump. They were warned he's a con & liar
McConnell & Ryan should be in blocks in the town square with all those about to lose their healthcare throwing rotten tomatoes 24/7.
Yeah let's stick it to the poor and disabled. Let's make meds more expensive so fat cats can make more money. Come on and Cheer Dispicable!

Stop lying crying chuck, those ppl will have access to private plans.
Stay strong
Impeach the president NOW!
I feel more threatened by the GOP than North Korea
Top insurance CEOs openly blaming Trump sabotage for rate hikes and empty markets https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/7/26/1684215/-Top-insurance-CEOs-openly-blaming-Trump-sabotage-for-rate-hikes-and-empty-markets … (1/3)
GOP has been sabotaging ACA since it was made law, let's be real, they never tried to work with DEMS! Just didn't like Obama!
Why don't the Republicans hire an actuary to explain the law of large number to them and why the individual mandate is key.
Oh go stuff it !
Just wonder do dems and rep. Listen to the people?  Middle class voted Trump in office for a reason
Since they're not involving you, WHY aren't you writing a replacement plan that fixes it?!? #SinglePayerNow #SolutionsNotProblems
That's because they will have the LIBERTY not to take out insurance. Democrats always resort to force.
Are you seriously suggesting the ACA is a well-functioning system?  ALL of us need to work together to repair or replace.

Then there's failing Obamacare u let happen
Again given the 160 Amd GOP added it's hardly Obama care as evidenced by today's debacle #KillTheBill
Not all GOPS but 99% of them!
Thank you to ALL Senate Dems for helping to #KeepKidsCovered. I work in #PedsICU. This bill would devastate my patients. @LittleLobbyists
Healthcare is not a right. Get over it.
Guess you shouldn't have made promises you couldn't keep except by financially raping the hard-working middle class. 
#Trumpcare
#FullRepeal
Lies
You can't legally force people to sign up for something and then cry when they don't want it if they're not legally required to buy it!
Guidance
