Its terrible that our Congress now has to devise bills to tie the President's hands; basically removing all Presidential power.
It's necessary. He's terrible.
He's our president and deserves respect for his service.
Respect is not given automatically to any position just because of the position. Respect is earned.
http://1.You  are one of those low information Trump supporters who never learned your civics. Trump is a money laundering...
does no good if the situation escalates while you are on break.  Does Congress think war will wait 4 your vacation 2 b over?
This is a priority. Please make this happen. If there is a way I can help I want to.
It's unconstitutional. You guys try to but into everything our president does? Defending our constitution, something you failed to realize!
Pretty sure the article 1 section 8 clause 11 of the constitution stops any num nut president from starting a war.
You both are against the U.S. Constitution then! @POTUS is the Commander n Chief! Hands off his command! #NoCoup!
You have a great opportunity to act when defense authorization bill comes up in Senate, probably in September.
Both of you are traitors to the USA.  You should be ran out of office and arrested for treason.  @POTUS was voted in and is our President !
Not at all.Appeasement/payoff policies of Clinton and Obama have drastically failed in producing a nuclear NK. Why assume nuke retaliation?
OMG, what traitors you are. Shall we just draw a line in the sand and keep moving it? Do we wait until they hit Guam, LA, or SF?
Please! Im developing a nuclear war emergency plan with my family. Will nuke war happen today, tomorrow, this weekend?DT's agitating NK.
Yes, I am alarmed and thank you for asking.
I guess you just want to wait till the nuke hits US, huh?  What will your constituents think about you then?
He expects people to believe that this bill would stop working magically after Trump leaves office. That's cute. Dangerous, but cute.
Not so much "could they" but "would they". We have our doubts
How long is it going to take the bill to become law? Trump could act today. What's your ETA?
You guys are out of your lane
Thank you @SenMarkey and@tedlieu.  We're counting on true patriots to save our republic. #25thamendmentnow
Senator this bill could not be more urgent. Crazy incompetent dementia fueled @POTUS re: North Korea; expelling embassy staff from Russian..
No
Hard to believe legislators wouldn't come together majority to override a veto when it comes to a NUCLEAR 1st STRIKE #WhatHappenedToUS
Thankfully someone is dealing with this Trump disaster.
I think you should rush that bill through!  Trump is unpredictable and seems to be provoking Kim Jong Un.
Senator Markey - please add this to the bill
One of the most brilliant and chilling things ever written about nuclear war, by the late Roger Fisher. 
But what's to stop him from launching a strike in the next 3 weeks?
Totally with you Senator Markey. As you said, these are the Keystone cops! Keep fighting for us!
Interesting, so now the Legislative branch is the Commander in Chief. Dems, always moving the goalposts.
While I applaud your efforts and believe Trump is insane and must be removed ASAP, I doubt Republicans will ever bring it to a vote.
You should also restrict his ability to speak.
Thank you sir -- hoping it passes.
Thnk God some1 is thinkg @ this but truly wish Congress wld call in 25th 2 eliminate the problem al2gethr. Y thy haven't already is mystry
i was alive during the Cuban crisis,
 and this is WAY worse...
 more players, 1,000 times more firepower

I'm alarmed we are waiving Guam as bait.
Yes it does. I hope your bill passes.
What about inciting a strike
by another country

How stupid to not understand letting NK believe theyre scariest
is all thats necessary here
Totally agree with you I wish Trump would have listened to President Obama continue trade with them left them alone then he opened his mouth
NK may be 1 of easiest to handle
NKs really only NKs problem
UNTIL someone makes him prove hes a tough guy!

Hes a big baby
But...
Sos Trump
I hope we can have one of our senator or congressman bring diplomacy to NK before the little one beats his chest even harder & the fat 1 2
Proud to have you as my senator.
This is UNACCEPTABLE. You write bills and think they will somehow make a difference. Trump must be removed. He is insane. Congress do ur job
You lost me at @tedlieu - he's a 
Actually everything trump and the GOP has done since he took office terrifies me. He needs restraints and now.  The man is crazy
Alarm me? No...it scares the ever-living shit out of me.
Well you all better get on it then.. come back from your month long vacation .  Time's running out!  Not a great time for congress to relax
This fool is totally gone off the deep end and needs to be stopped by congress now !!!!
Please, please, please get this bill through. Trump is insane.
Shit yes, I'm surprised to wake up in the morning
Yes! The ratcheting up on both sides leaves less options on the table not more. We're not playing toy soldiers. War isn't glorious, ever.
You better do more than "...restrict his ability...". You better REMOVE him before he enters a nuclear war.
It should alarm every reasonable person worldwide. His remarks are irresponsible and extremely dangerous.
It is ridiculous that Congress has to Trumpproof the country. Yes, it's necessary & I hope it goes through quickly but you need to impeach.
We're all for your bill.  Let's get it passed ....yesterday!
PLEASE HELP US!!!!! BILL IS NOT COMFORTING!!!! WE ARE SCARED SHITLESS.  GET TRUMP OUT OF OFFICE NOW!
Get it done!
Nah let Drumpf drop the first nuke. Paint "thanks Obama" on the side of the missle too.
and how quickly is this going to a vote, and can't he over-ride anyway?
It's a MUST!
Problem is he doesn't respect any law. NPD create their own laws and reality detached from normal.
Yes, it is horrible!

No they cannot trust him if he hasn't already given them to Putin which I think he has
Probably if they collectively grew a set.
Great idea....you better fucking hurry up about it!!!
Also, N K has done billions of $ damage w/cyber attacks, remember thehospitals, inEurope, hacked, HBO, NETFLIX Financial cos in Eu It's, N.K
Great, CONGRESS must pass. AMERICANS r weary frightened th dt could wakeup & trigger a war bc of something he sees on tv in middle of night.
How about a bill preventing @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP from delaying the 2020 election? 52% of Republicans polled, said they would allow this!
Do u actually believe Un would risk his ctrys demise over sanctions? He is playing Trump, pushing his ego buttons, knowing Trump is done
#25thamendment
It takes two ppl to launch nuclear missile. Plus, regulations r in place, shock, Trump ignores any & all. Generals w/stop him, fingers crosd
Senator, keep up your great work! Thank-you!
Just like obama putting shackles in the military ROE..this bill wants the us to bombed first? Then retaliate?
I'd RT but I don't want his face on my page ever....#Senate #antiwar #support
Restrict ability by removing an unethical, unreasonable & #corrupt, erratic person from the WH.  That would be a definitive path.
I'm 100% with Trump!  Use your bill to neuter true nut jobs, like you and Ted Lie U. @tedlieu @SenMarkey
Thank you and please proceed on this with urgency.
Thank your for protecting us from this crazy person.
Just 25th him instead. Lock him in a rubber room with his propaganda to live out his days
Don't forget to throw away the key!
Terrified...he's batshit crazy and we are collateral damage
Yes, please - govern HIM!
Stop him! He's is NUTS!
Yes! At the same time, where are the unified voices of the UN against North Korea's threats?
Congress needs to get back to work! Please get this passed & implement the technology to ensure it as it as well.
Wow . You guys are so upset you'd rush the USA SAFTY
His rhetoric  is  very disturbing and provocative-he needs to be muzzled
At this point, I'm surprised congress can get dressed in the morning let alone make decisions. Not your call pal, don't care who the Pres is
Your bill is stupid Ed. U restrict every President here on out. Anything hindering proper expedient use of force is a threat to all of us
@neverquiet1 @tedlieu Alarm me!  I'm still trying to get the stains out of my underwear
I guess we have to wait for DPRK to strike first, kind of like we did on 9/11. Then we can surrender even more liberties for fake security!
Thank you! We need to keep all dangerous things far away from Trump. Way too risky because he is an irresponsible loose cannon.
There is no need to nuke anyone.  What a fkn nightmare of a time to be alive. Who but madmen would just lightly throw that shit around. 
Please,please, please save us from him ASAP.

Signed, 
America
Please pass HR699.
You don't like it? Go ahead, run, and get elected president, Ed. 
Sorry. Legislative power does get to take away power from the executive. We have one president/one executive for a reason.
The Legislature is well within their rights/responsibility to limit executive power (note the War Powers Act). One President doesn't = King
I am very alarmed at trumps N. Korea threat. Any @GOP courageous enough to stick their heads out of their shells?
GOP all suck part of cover up Ryan is a drunkin failure Cruz is a loser Mitch is old. On and on
McCain?
Someone needs to be able to reign him in!
Markey is laughable … he needs to go back to driving an ice cream truck. Mr. Frosty.
It alarm me very much
@SenatorLankford @JimInhofe @RepMullin your train has gone off the rails. Stand up. Now.
Yes!
Can we please fast track this bill into law? What do we need to do to get this enacted ASAP?
Ummm … the nitwit is in the MINORITY PARTY… he can't "fast track" anything … or even bring it to the floor … totally useless bill. LOL
In a functioning democracy, the legislature could put nation over party to prevent the psychopath in the oval office from launching nukes.
They didn't for the previous 8 years.
Can you get this done like yesterday.
@indivisible_ma @tedlieu if this passes, it might be the best thing to come from the Trump administration
The codes r changed every day. Can he keep up? Can they tell him it's old expired code. Has he had Catarac  surgery. Politicians no glasses?
Thank you for taking that step. He is of no mind to handle that or any part Presidential. He is such an embarrassment to America. Impeach
CNN: "introduce legislation in Jan. that would prohibit a first-strike nuclear launch without Congress first declaring war." Hope it passed.
Thank you, Senators!
You gave them the ability then did nothing, take a seat
Ten bucks says it doesn't make it out of the subcommittee for stupid stuff. Lieu is ranking member on that one,eh? #tcot #MApoli #MAsen
Good to know there are some sane folks in our federal government who are willing to take action! Thank you.
He don't worry me. More power to him

In addition to good policy, this is a comedy duo I'd pay to see.

Thank you!! Very alarmed over here.
Of course but I believe #trump exaggerated NK nuke to save himself family and start a new diversion
You better hurry
Good luck. This demon is willing to sacrifice America with his idiocy. Hope you can stop him. Better yet...impeach him. Problem solved
Yes, he scares me really scares me.
PLEASE!!  DO SO!!
Look it Senator, this won't wash. Yes, a little nervous with him but he is surrounded by 3 outstanding Marine Generals. They are all we need
Umm Mr. Markley can we get that done soon please?
Why haven't you brought it to the floor? What's the holdup?
No he doesn't bother me. I'm sure he's following the nuclear protocols. Some you wouldn't know.
Please do anything and everything you can to keep this 10yr old in his room!!!
Go away
HR 669 Yes but also invoke the #25thAmendmentNow!
Yes and please
Only problem with that is getting the GOP on board......
Hope so
It probably wouldn't actually. Even though it's not clear he has constitutional authority to engage.
Thank you! Keep up the good work!
YES!  Way too much to say about that here on Twitter.  I appreciate the bill.  Absolutely
He scares the shit out of me
Yup
Thats a dangerous and unconstitutional precedent to set Eddie Malarkey
