@SenMarkey along w fellow Dem's support for open boarders, sanctuary city & state policies & lax drug enforcement has fueled opioid crisis.
BS
How do you know is BS?
That's pretty easy fella.  It smells like shit.
What it smells like shit is your comments, so strong smell I can smell your shit right here in Jersey! Smfh
I said done!
How fitting your on #FakeNews
That's the plan. The Trump and Republican Don't Care Act.
Opiods killing at all time high under Obama Care but this idiot wants to blame a law that doesn't exist?
http://news.workingpartners.com/2016/03/11/opioid-overdose-deaths-at-all-time-high/ …
Trump said: Who is Will. Is he a Democrat?

More lies!  President Trump is working to correct this horrible addiction.

Take all campaign money and put it in healthcare
become homeless and die or put into these FEMA camps they have put up all over America
people will die under this plan sick children will die.This is Paul Ryans death sentence for the sick in America. Nursing home patients will
Show the proof of your words. How did you decide on the number?
This Sen is out of his mind.
OK OK, OK. This is easy. Feds make a one time $1tril. HC investment fund. Mandate the states provide single payer HC of choice. Done!
Government will take that HC and use it just like the SS.
Bull!! Time for them to stop the prescription drugs!
Shameful Class warfare period - not surprised by the Kathy Griffin, Johnny Depp, Stephen Colbert, NYPublic Theater type speech
#FakeNewsCNN
solution...don't use opioids.
He talks about death too much, so much that the questioner did not even follow up on the assertion. Attempted to stoke fear and without fact
Get off of drugs you DemonRats !!! There is REAL news today !!!
There thousands of people that have died  with the current Obamacare ...the country is still under Obamacare people are still dying
Than they should pass it or more will die won't they
That's what they want. How does anyone not get this? Republicans see people as collateral damage. Or consumers for products. That's it.
Kate, really!!??
Hey @CNN your banner for this story is immoral. Shame on you. Click, click, click.
And They Don't Care !!!!!
when will ee learn that truth does not impact the GOP? So what is the alternative strategy?@OFA
Wait until the next elections and kick out the GOP.
The Representative IS...Clairvoyant...and QUITE...Speculative with HIS "Narrative". @FoxNews
@SenateDems @SenMarkey @CNN Is this Repubs method for population control? Looks that way. Eliminate sick, elderly & poor.
Total bull!!!
Gop population control
"Just Say No"-Nancy & Kelly Anne love you!
How many will die when Obamacare collapses? Repeal and make HC free and open.
That's the choices that they made when they made the choice to use drugs in. FIRST PLACE
But deaths in sanctuary cities ok with demos
Opioid addiction, meth labs, mass shootings, evangelical terrorists and Trump - brought to you by the red states of America.
Oh Freddie, you are so biased, Feel for you
Says the guy who believes cow farts are going to kill us all in the end.

@KellyannePolls look how cnn's reporter likes you.
Let them die. Rest Millions of us need to survive.
BS FAKE GARBAGE NEWS enemy of the American people
Watch OAN Network !!
