another wanna B someone that can't stand the fact that TRUMP has the support of the people they never had or will
And your party isn't doing a thing to work in cooperation FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE! You have no right to criticize!
Exactly how I felt the last 8 years. GOP = Obstructionists from Day One. Shameful. #NeverTrump
We were definitely opposing party,But NEVER VIOLENT PROTESTS,OBAMA HAD HIS ENTIRE CABINET, DID NOT WALK OUT
PBO didn't have full Cabinet until mid-April. WTF is your complaint exactly?
Typical Liberal! Couldn't formulate sentence without profanity!
I think you are thinking of Obamacare!
could it be you forgot. That 2+2=4.
Clearly America's deplorables are fighting against radical liberalism and socialists like Markey. Markey =malarkey
libs talk of formula, omg you lost so bad w/ ur dem formula, u wouldn't know a good one if it slapped u in the face
whatever happened to that bill you and @RepTedLieu are working on regarding the nuclear codes? Get that passed!
working better in a month than the last 8 year formula - right Greta?
Pelosi said written policy wasn't presented, how does this intellectually constipated sourpuss know his formula
First no one made such comments for 8 years. Second if you listen he said public and private funding! Can't Read?
Markey needs to be reminded of we do not know what is in the bill till we pass it, that formula didn't add up
Markey and MSNBC are idiots just trying to be relevant
well Obama formula was on the negative numbers
Markey, like all Dems fails to factor in t revenues from a 5%GDP!
None of the Democrats deserve any respect after their complete disrespect to the spouse of a brave Soldier. Say Bye
the way the Obamacare formula worked perfectly? You had no problem voting for that... Hypocrisy!!!
give us a break. I knew you were a democRAT even before I read the article. Get to work for this country.
Hell, if his formula doesn't add up then it's perfect for D.C.
Economic growth will increase revenue, and trade tariffs will make a major difference.
The military doesn't need new . Its own report shows $125,000,000,000.00 in yearly waste. They buried the report.
all Greta tweets kust like boss tells her. ANTI TRUMP!!
what's the formula? He never mentioned a "formula". If Y=shit, & X=democrat, then XY=democrat shit? I got this
The $$ could be easily found if you got the fraud out of entitlement programs
I'm a disabled vet and felt neglected during the Obama administration. Don't you think we should take care of vets?
These dems really need to start taking their medications
@my2twh @SenMarkey @MSNBC ...And water is still wet.
no kidding any economist could see that sure everything that goes up tends to come crashing down
#BasicMath
Yea,like he would know
poster boy for term limits.
has he seen the numbers? Could you book a more political hack next time. Again 20 Trillion in debt.Focus people
And democrats the past 8 years did? Give me a break!!
hey Marky is one thing you forgot president Trump is smarter than you
What doesn't add up now how he got to be @SenMarkey
Ed Markey, oh brother!!  There's another loser.
not worth looking based on source MSNBC. Can we all work together to MAGA.
Markey..you don't add up..get out while you have a chance..you are not an expert on formulas
MSNBC is a network that I can not watch so biased
no respect for any democrat they are full of hate.
You used to be fair and balanced.  Now you're making me sad. I'll unfollow you now and wish you the best.
the Dems are so tone deaf
Yeah Sen Markey we saw the healthcare bill u and your friends voted 4 thats why u now are the POWERLESS party!
another negative Greta
Loser democrat. What he says means nothing.
Markey doesn't add up !
What adds up for Markey - protecting the interests of the tort lawyers and equity vultures who are his big donors.
Senator is using "Common Core" Math.
. Is this the same politician who failed to keep a financial leash on Obama? Is national debt not over $20 trillion?
works for me my 401K looks great  one of those forgotten Americcans not wealthy at all middle class U overpd
SenMarkey and his fellow Dems have amnesia and have forgotten everything they said and done over the last 8yrs-SADD
what doesn't add up is that governor the Dems used for their speech, wow, are they desperate
we watched your 'formula' decimate our country for 8 yrs. Get lost!
He's cutting your paycheck.  Just like you cut Americans.
fix USA workers 1st,secure borders 1st cut taxs 1st get rid of slush funds 1st dont give money 2 other countrys 1st
Under @POTUS44, the debt doubled. Hardly going to listen to Dem, about how a budget does'n"t  "add up".
he's the dumbest person ever to serve in Senate
they add up, but since when did Dems care about fiscal responsibility of our country? Surely wasn't in Obama years
And, of course, you wouldn't lie about that.
Like you Know Senator? You Establishment minded drones have No clue. Get off the Tracks, watch and learn. Then leave Gov.
Sen Snarky you mean...
Since When has the Democrats have anything that adds up. I have never seen so much negativity. You know they're sad
: senator just shut up. You do not have one clue about Americans. Real deplorables an never will.
... Statements like this are the reasons why The Dems lost The Election and why They lost " So Many " seats .....
MSNBC folks
oh like you can add #hick #hillbilly
greta why republish the silly words of this man?
Never mind that he hasn't even seen it
Because you can't count. Get out!!!
better get yourself another adding machine!
And neither do the NUTTY LIBERALS!!
Markey the results are in.....
Must feel great to tweet out fake news at fake news and hateful #MSNBC
maybe he needs a bottle of formula.
he's a supporter of Common Core math...they don't know how to add either
DT sounded like a Democrat last night. Socialism is a failed system. The Govt ha 3.2 trillion I tax revenue .B wise
Dems #'s never up either! All use new math!  Unemployment discounts able bodied wanting jobs but not included in #
It's really nice of @SenWarren to dust off this old relic and write some words for him. Thought MA had only 1 Sen.
Only thing missing from this guy is the 'la'. As in Malarkey
just like his chances to win the election??
why do you have to be so low , give trump a chance
every formula fails if you want it to...
Republican voters love Trump and if Congress wants to keep him happy - they will approve whatever he desires !
they wish
Democrats Libtards don't add up
Trump numbers don't add, subtract, multiply, divide up correctly no matter how many ways you slice them. Planned?
Is this just JEALOUSY?
Did Markey fail in math?
He's delusional. His own friends can't stand him.
@CNN @FoxNews Is being a Democrat a disease or mental disorder ... ?
I'll put Trump's words and deeds against anyone else in Washington. Business is business as politics are politics.
Perhaps it's to difficult for a Democrat 
Anything that a Dem senator says falls on deaf ears.  Your actions last night toward a fallen vet sealed your fate

Let’s see…Trump the guy who builds things on time on budget vs the guy who gets paid by taxpayers for…?
But Obama's doubling of the debt added up?
// perhaps your calculator needs batteries
Don't use Common Core and it will ;)
loser
are you not supposed to mix spray tans with propecia?
