Government should have been doing their job for decades, media was not exposing them and they ignored the People.
Maybe these overpaid Senators and Congressmen should work for free since they screwed around so much or step down.
No wonder after every election Senators do not want to look back, but look to the future. #TermLimits
at the expense of obamacare and common core,sounds good to me
weapons instead of healthcare and education?! Sounds like great American values.
and this remark is based on ....?? Trump is a business man if anyone can do it he can
omg.. Greta jumped the fence just for a job!  Can't believe it!  Really? That desperate?
coming from some  who's done nothing for our state since he was elected
More liberal clap trap. Anything to keep people needy & afraid.
Even if true - I'm ok with it
good grief. Please stop spreading the BS. The liberal lies are running rampant .
if we don't get out military readiness back on track, we are seriously putting our country at risk.
Markey = Full of liberalism malarkey.
fine with me
bs Greta and where the hell did you pull that from???? You know better!!!
None of that matters if we can't defend our own country.
Old arguments. Let's take a chill pill please and all try to get along. We are now choking on all of our freedoms!
defense is most important. #PeacethroughStrength #MAGA @MSNBC = #fakenews
Need to not appropriate new  and just use the $125B in waste that was reported by the very own DoD. 
#1 defense ..without which all else is in jeopardy
those things won't matter if we don't have security
Horse Apples! You know better Greta
Bad decision.  Very bad decision..
Good. I'd rather follow the constitution. Provide for the defense.
maybe it will come from all the foreign countries who have been robbing us for decades.
26% of the EPA budget
too accustomed to zero economic growth 
blah blah. Throw grandma off the cliff. Same tired bull. Country Over Party!
economic static analysis..  look up the opposite
without defense and security, the others really doesn't matter if we can't protect ourselves.
no it will come at the expense of politicains lining their own pockets...healthcare...there is NO healthcare moron
Trumps military increase will be paid for by 5%GDP!! Huge GDP, Huge revenue.  No Brainer.  Dems dumb. Obama Econo
get a life liberal.
so frightening.
Education? Our Federal Education has turned this country into a generation of illiterates. Back to the states
:(
All you have to do is make up your damned mind on what you want, it's that simple.
bullshit, Dems are speaking lies as usual
Agree, and increased military spending will also be at expense of State Dept and diplomacy. Vital to democracy
you greta are a GD traitor.
You belong at MSNBC. Nothing but negative toward Pres. Trump.
How does he know that?
Ho would he know?
Greta, now that you are on the Socialist network, you should pay.
BS. He's cutting the FAT out of the Bloated government, long overdue which is why both parties r peeing their pants
good ol MSNBC FAKE NEWS
well, we may not need the health care, education and clean air or water if we don't defend this country.
won't matter if we have all that if we don't have a strong defense.
But rightly so!
Oh God, Really?
Such BS tax and spend liberals never learn. No longer will the oeoplecaloow such waste and abuse.
Ask people in Mosul if they prefer security or more money for education. Priorities.
same old same old , hey why don't you que up the wheelchair ad? Step aside your rhetoric is not working anymore
and regulations
this is an unfair assumption. Typical of MORE S$@: From NOTHING BUT CRAP network
Yada yada yada #LiberalHack #CryMeARiver
gee, imagine putting the one sure thing the Feds are supposed to be doing ahead of all else
Greta, you know that statement isn't true!
we will certainly all die Or prove the lies, manipulations,& class warfare of left is finally going to Bexposed
just the way Ogoner took money from vets, SS, education, infrastructure, and etc!
is that info out and factual?
Oh Bull!!!
Liberals aren't smart enough to know they lost. They messed up healthcare and weakened military. Get out of the way
We have the strongest military in the world by far already!
Better research that a little, age is catching up with equipment and we have fewer enlisted
it's all about Peter & Paul in the budget. churches used to know those in need & care for needy. Where's all that $
who cares? We need more stupid, sickly, dying people to keep the GOP going!  #TrumpSucks
If we don't defend ourselves it will be someone else's healthcare, education and clean air n water! Wake up!
if we are not around we won't need health care, education, clean air and water.
What nonsense. to Dems, everything comes b4 defense. Yet, they want something done re Russia. We going to throw water on them? Books?
not true it would b ok if it did,without safe USA just another chaos riot filled 3rd world country LIKE DEMS WANT
not true Markey-tax revenues will increase dramatically due to increased job growth sheparded in by the President
about time those agencies learned to tighten their belts.
But yet we fund how many foreign programs as a country in financial crisis?
I swear they are becoming the Demonicratic party because they demonize everything which opposes their point of view
Can't they wait until they see the final project
that about sums it up
Common Sense has come to the White House and the democrats can't stand it. Reps in Dems clothes don't understand.
Markey is an idiot!
interested in why anything hacks like @SenMarkey say matters, career politico not interested in us as much as his own greed
whatever.
nope, but it will be partially paid for by attrition associated with frozen Govt payroll levels and attrition. 
yawn. The usual mis leAding drivel from the left
give us a break. That's more of the old tired playbook. Get real and get onboard. We r going in right direction
tell me someone does it pay to give the likes of Boeing billions while destroying our water, air & land
About as much as being locked into an unproven assumption advances the discussion
If we're not fully prepared to defend our country,  everything else may become a moot point.
You don't think economic growth will result in more tax revenue?
Because after all...if they get us all killed we won't need the social services...
Freedom is not free.
Yes it will. The erosion of consumer protections has begun. Will be much to undo later.
please stop the fear mongering!Pres Trump understands finance better than any other politician.

Clean air and water?  Really?
you are right but what good are all these things if you are at risk because your country is not safe?
Pure BS and more fake news!
I'm fine with that
Cannot believe how the Democrats turn their backs on our military!!
seriously? You think every vet and active serviceman is a Republican?
Actually, most of the money will come from leaner and better monitored spending, unlike the previous administration
we spend more n education, air and water than we should. Fed needs to get out of edu and HC. Air/water are fine.
they always say that!
maybe these protesters can join the military
Cut the health care, education, food, housing for ILLEGAL immigrants...that will help
- There goes the Democrat's classic, all-hype "scare tactics" strategy. It's all they have!!
I guess we should be scared!  Lol Senator, we're not buying it anymore!
Ed "two term" Marley is just another embarrassment from MA!
good
Potus HAS reached out 2 them individually &had them to a dinner.All they do Is "RESIST" EVERYTHING!JUST TO OBSTRUCT
Remind me again, which party shut down the gov. multiple times when they didn't get their way?
Sounds like a good diet for those areas! Good decision. Enjoy your higher workload! 
woohoo we saved grandma from going off the cliff
That statement is factually incorrect.
Tell Sen Markey,not a single Democrat has basis 2complain when they're not making attempt whatsoever 2 work w/Potus
and you were told this by..............
it was a quote you knew jerk puppet!
Trump cutting government fat and waste. Counting on greater GDP to bring more funds
From experience, a lot of waste and overreach in these areas. They need tightening
simply not true , stop with the lies please!
Guys a little lost and behind
just unfair and unsubstantiated
what do dems care about spending $- look at how much was spent the past eight years-hypocrites
At least we will have a defense now!
And where did u come up with proof of that Ms Greta
nice propaganda.  Most wait for the details which you don't have.
That sounds Like Crap to me
no it won't Greta! You are thinking like a liberal again!!
she didn't say it quoting Markey
let's lower the DOE budget! Just move the money around and we'll be in much better shape
same old same old
Even if he doesn't repeal the ACA, he has a plan to destroy it. 
#trumpdumpcare
Sen Markey is correct: it will come at the expense of wasteful Liberal  boondoggles. You go, Mr  President!
yes! Let's take that EPA budget, since they never clean anything!
definitely.    All the EPA has ever done is make rules that takes money out of our pocket.Can EPA
One leads the world by strength . We all saw how a stupid man in the presidency led from behind in weakness ! Dumb
not if libs go to work and help out !!!
a recipe which makes no sense, the people lose out on programs which would benefit them greatly.
Yes,that makes complete sense, because ONLY DEMs care about clean air, H/C, H20.This is PATHETIC Dems! FIX UR party
and well it should, it is more important, if we do not do it we will not be around to the minor stuff.
What will we be defending?  Russia and the US already have enough nukes to end the world.
As an American I want to defend my fredom to live the way I want to. Any none US citizens tough.
will come at expense of dems groups that get illegal fed finding by DOJ. THANKS OBAMA
enough with the clean air and water B S compared to other countries we have the cleanest water and the cleanest
Go get a bottle of Flint water. I hear it's to die for. 
#trumpdumpcare
you don't know that.
OH well
He's already signed a bill to let coal companies dump "COAL WASTE"!!!! into drinking water supplies.
, please site your source, I am concerned over this one.
hes fear mongering to pander to his base
I wonder if he can spend and give away 10 trillion like Obama.
Look in Prlosis and Dems purses and pocketbooks
there's a reason he ran as a republican
