Women's groups, veterans groups and Senior citizens all oppose Trumpcare. Republicans who support this will be gone at mid-terms.
Wrong. 20 mil have lost OCare because of premiums. WE WILL VOTE. Seniors were robbed with the ACA.  Veterans already been helped + will vote
Wrong. But when the mid-terms come along the bloodbath will begin.
Go get your black mask + hoodie and beat up old people in red caps cuz that's what your party represents. I'm gonna get my good policy back
I have no idea what that even means. But goodie for you getting what's best for you. The kids, vets and seniors  can just die #allaboutyou
Obummercare is horrible because all the insurance companies are leaving and deductibles and copays are astronomical
Senator Markey thank you for telling the truth about this Bill. I'm glad you are fighting for the American people.
Please tell me how Obama care is better...without the Political Rhetoric PLEASE
Please tell me how this bill is better than Obamacare.... without the pilitical rhetoric please.
Blah blah blah - same old talking points for the past 40 years. Maybe even older than Ed himself.
It's all about Trump & his billionaire friends. 
1. Pharmacy vs Insurance vs cost of services
2. Services covered vs patient demands/needs
So you think its going to continue Obamas legacy huh. Thanks for the insight. Tell us some more lies, go ahead I'll wait.
Boot those off Healthcare, especially those who are working in MA and getting free Mass Healthcare. Tell the truth you phony
In your court now. Change it or stop complaining
THE SENATE MUST NOT PASS THIS!!!!!
Senate Should It's A start a work in progress.
@RealEthanHunter
Fuq your pre-existing conditions! I was denied Obamacare.
Every time I mentioned that phrase they laughed at me!
But it will save soooo much money by not having to pay out on Social Security...we will all be dead! No, I'm not laughing.
Nothing more than a bully move for the wealthy... Want to live work harder for less.
Health insurance with massive deductibles is not care stop mixing the terms
LMAO Hypocrites. Premiums are sky high, deductibles sky high, and you took insurance from millions to give it to others who pay nothing.
What if you're wrong Ed?  Will you issue an apology to America?
You and @SenWarren need to do whatever you need to do to stop it. We are counting on you!
so what can we do Senator?
Wow sounds just like Obama care
@SenSchumer Wait a minute. You lied to us about #ObamaCare so it's obvious you don't know what you're talking about.
Ed ed ed, check your facts. That was Obama care. Were in 2017 now. Get with it man!
If Obamacare was so good why did you not use it? Why didn't you get it right the first time?
Shame on u for exploiting Americans with Scare tactics!  We the people aren't getting fooled Again. We want u out of office. Vote u Out
Survival of the fittest.
Led by #Trump, the poster man-baby for the lucky sperm club.
So what is really in Trumpcare?  What does it entails? They keep in saying repealling it but what does the American people benefit from it?
The thing I don't understand is that  is that everyone has a human diseases have a genetic component that makes it precondition, HELLO!
I am from Massachusetts daughter died overdose Sun waiting for bed addiction other son autistic adult SSI since age 6 I hope he doesn't lose
And yours is going bankrupt because it was designed to do some Democrats lie constantly and that's why we're now independents
ACA already raised costs
@CNNPolitics @maddow @SenBookerOffice Dont Be Impressed With Chuck Schumer, He Retweets Toilet Paper. He Is But A Panderer To Fools.SAD
MAN
Please find 3 or 4 GOP senators with a soul and vote down this atrocity.  Thanks.
You mean like Obama Care? Then what's the difference?!
...ANOTHER FAKE NEWS!!!
wish Americans had YOUR healthcare plan!
Obama care made me go back to work so I could afford insurance. Premiums and deductibles doubled.
It isn't this simple. Few who claim to be expert in #healthcare have faced major health issues, created idea patents, #innovation Lets talk
Hypocrite you are evil.  You lie and put your party before our country.  Shame on democraps.  LIARS
Baloney! OCare is dying. This bill saves HC for many. Unlike OCare which was flawed from the gitgo.
#InsuranceDeathPanels is what the #AHCA will be. #VoteNoAHCA
Let's not forget people that choose to to without healthcare then get sick or injured, the rest of us pay for due to increased hospital cost
Trum-publicans have to save face for their leader even at expense of Americans! Shame on GOP. 7yrs. obstruction & they never offered better.
I'll pray that our elected officials start REPRESENTING the people not their wicked parties
More so than ACA?  if you like you doctor...if you like your plan. Full of Ed Malarky.
Obama care cost millions of jobs and raised costs and you said nothing :(
I thought that the ore existing condition clause was staying...
@moberzan Put millions into the richest's wallets.
If what you are saying is correct. it would boot people w/ pre-existing conditions off.. therefor premiums would go down. so something wong
You don't speak much and don't understand what you've ever done for MA having lived there 50 yrs....when u speak, it's nonsense.
Millions have already been booted off, high deductibles and premiums! So what's the diff? Ins you can't afford to use or no ins at all?
An other Chicken Little!
If Obamacare is so great then why aren't u and congress on it!
And exactly what is Obamacare doing?????
Don't you want to retire & spend time with your family and travel?! You're so old, just relax and enjoy the rest of your life. #TermLimits
I vote on getting the government out of my health care period!
The @GOP only has 1 agenda in mind & that is 2 B viewed in history (cont.) #Impeach #impeach45 #resist #asswipe #russiagate #p2 #VoteNoAHCA
...as the party that presented an ACA plan.  But at WHAT expense?
#Impeach45 #impeach the #asswipe #resist the #asswipe #VoteNoAHCA #p2
In real world of pre-existing conditions; It's not a question of if you have a condition, it's which one and when.  Health care = lifetime.
What about the invisible w/o care paying penalities bcuz i make 1$ too much ?
We want the same Insurance as your family! Why is this not possible. @chuckschumer huh?????
I can see your @chuckschumer s croney! 
It is such a crappy piece of legislation that  GOP had to exclude themselves.
FAKE NEWS F LIES
American ppl once again get the shaft while MOC vote themselves raises & exemptions from this horrible bill #VoteNoAHCA #WhoWillStandUp? #
yeah, but think of all the increased profits for insurance companies...   #Trumpcare #VoteNoAHCA
CEO Aetna 27+mil last yr Humana CEO 66  what brd mem earn Dont have 2 b rkt scientist know why premiums r high Do these guys golf with Don?
But its timed just perfectly so you wont really be fucked until after the next election. It only allows pre existing conditions for 5 years.
will it render my insurance basically unuseable by increasing my deductible from <1k to >6k? nope. that was the ACA.
US Congress is all too willing to see that Israel can provide free health care, education&housing,to its citizens but for the people in US?
Not hurt, kill people living with pre-existing conditions.
May everyone supporting this horrible bill have insomnia forerver!!!
And here is what Obama Care will do.
Cost keep going up
More Doctors pulling out of services
Quality health care options going down
So. Instead of Fixing the parts of the law that aren't working well. Let's repeal it and replace with trash?
except  for members of Congress and their staffs! #voteNOAHCA
That's one of the most galling aspects of their doomed "plan", aside from the built-in genocide it provides...
Lol
Republican Death panels
Fake Congressmen that push a fake agenda.......Just like the Fake news.  Drain the swamp cannot happen fast enough. Term limits now
Your crap ACA wouldn't make it through the year, your liberal nirvana of single payer is dead. Next step remove cross state restrictions
45 yr old coal mine worker voted Don no coverage pre exsisting cond no Medicade either U pledged how much 2 help them Put up /shutup
He should have to sit in an interview and watch a recording of his repeated claims of how heneould@do it better, cheaper and covering all
Damn that's what Gay Boys plan did
#VoteYesAHCA #TrumpCare
Vote no!
This is true. Responsible Dem Senators must try to use their influence with Republican reps to make them vote NO on new healthcare bill
Most cowardly excuse yet. @TomReedCongress on @CNN: I'm voting for it b/c NY won't be a state that screws its sick people by getting waiver.
Thank you! #VoteNoAHCA #mapoli
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Wish it would retire you
