So u want the government to take over the Internet now? You want price fixing? If this happens u will put service providers out of business
Do anti-trust laws put companies out of business by not allowing them to have monopolies?
Anti-trust laws are in place 2 ensure competition for better pricing and innovation. Net Neutrality promotes price fixing.
I think you forgot to read about what net neutrality is before you decided what it did...
We're actually "in" net neutrality now. Providers want to accept payment to block or slow specific traffic. They just got permission to ...
Sell your browsing history, now they want to be able to let someone pay Comcast to stop people who went to X from going to Y.
Doing gods word. 
But that isn't what "our" oligarchs want.
They want the riff-raff (99% of citizens) to know their place - and that is in the Dial-Up lane.
Right on!
For real? There are bigger things than internet speed
So we should ONLY work in bigger things?
The internet should not be regulated like books
Modem speeds for all!
I thought anyone could purchase speed of their choice.  Business cannot run on same speed as average person.  Another Chuckie false news
Why not let the free market make that choice? Dangerous for government to choose winners and losers. It's never worked. Wise up Chuck.
Private is better.
And all websites have an equal probability of being returned at the top of a search list Google 1 largest companies can't charge for winners
Seriously?? That is what you are worried about? Somehow, I bet this benefits Soros
No.  #NetNeutrality  means you #liberals want  to control the Internet from alternative media that destroys your Russia narrative.
Comcast must be in your back pocket
Seriously?  No one cares.  #biggerproblems #equalisnotequalanyway
Why is the government involved in this?  Get out of my house Chuck
YES! #ProtectNetNeutrality
Yes your hate rhetoric is responsible for the shooting !!!! Shame Shame
So how many poor people do you think Paul Ryan's $20,000,000 could feed?
It ensures that capitalism is not used and that you and your cronies run the internet. Screw u Chucky.Your pedophile practices will soon end
I vote in NY.  What you say sounds very pretty, your focus groups probably loved it.
Ya all lazy welfare scum need to load their Facebook pages
fake chuck
#fakenews
Wow!  This is definitely on the top of my priority list. Terrorism, who cares? Immigration? Who cares? I want good internet!
Dem's are liars  don't believe them. Check out dem cursing at lgbtq in California gather sig against gas tax in California
Cable a joke get broadband @SenSchumer
 that's what's important to you?
That will never happen, If one site is small will load faster, but when is 1000 times larger with 100's of adds take forever
You don't know much about the internet.
Dear Chuck: stop meddling in private industry
But we'll only be able to see CNN & C-SPAN...
States that voted for 45 are also states that viewed the most porn, staying for the longest site time. It's called voting against yourself.
Lame joke.
What about ISIS, child porn, scam websites, etc? Should they be allowed the same treatment as others?  PLEASE REPLY
No, they won't. Sites with higher volume will slow way down. It also increases the cost of entry considerably for smaller enterprises.
Lying
I agree, but it's WAY down my list of priorities, and should be on yours, too.  HEALTHCARE FOR ALL WILL WIN THE SEATS & GET THE POWER BACK.
Never has there been so much hate filled words from Fake News Media and the liberal left towards one man (POTUS), which triggers the weak
minded to perform ruthless and violent acts of destruction. Much of this lies at the feet of the Obama administration. Divide and conquer.
Why do you always think government has the answer?
That's all this is. Access for all. No charging for more 'speed' ie, more $ gets you better Internet. Doesn't sound fair to me.
The problem is that it works 2 ways. A politician could legally be able to pay to have his competitor's website slowed or blocked.
and it's specific. your provider can sell your DNS history, so that politican could just target people who previously visited specific sites
So much for trump/GOP working for the people sounds like working for big business to me
It's incredible how anyone beside some rich big business that can pay to get faster speeds will this it's a good idea to reverse this
What about shooter? Who did he follow and listen to ? Maybe investigate like he was conservative?
EVERYONE KNOWS NOW, CHUCK.  #DRAINTheSWAMP 
Websites WOULD load at the same speed if you worked to block some forms of advertising that hijacks the website until their ads load.
Hi [provider], how much does it cost to slow down access to all users who have browsed DNC websites more than x times over the past year?
I think we should have salary neutrality. All federal elected officials should be paid the median income of US citizens, about 52K.
Again, not what net neutrality is
You mean like a fishing net? Time for your Pamper change.
Should a Politician be able to pay to make sure information about protest dates and times download exceptionally slowly?
...even if they are the slowest in the WORLD!  More Democrat bs.  I bet the internet companies are paying you kickbacks on this.
ISPs DO NOT want net neutrality. ISPs could charge insane amounts to both businesses and consumers if net neutrality is removed
Like this: Should Comcast be able to block access to websites of certain politicians for a fee?
It's more than that.
The Internet isn't a toll road, and should never be.
Accessibility is it's core purpose.
Simply no place in OSI Model!
While you filter and censor. Bandwidths will improve once you remove what doesn't fit your agenda.
Thank you.  Net neutrality prevents censorship. I'm shocked this is even a debate. It's scary #ProtectNetNeutrality
So you think Hillary should be able to pay Comcast to block you from online donation pages supporting Trump?
uh oh... he said something and I can't find a legit reason to oppose.... uh... ddddddd deflect!
so communism for the internet? Does this mean we all pay the same price? Didn't think so. Keep on giving us reasons to hate D's
No, not "communism for the internet" and no, you don't all pay the same price. Look up what net neutrality actually is.
so we all get the same thing for a different price, sounds like a bad deal to me
No, again look up net neutrality. It prevents ISPs from slowing certain pages/charging more for certain pages
how does an isp charge for a webpage?
They can't right now. If we repeal net neutrality, they can.
how did they before?
They never have, because they've never been allowed to. Net neutrality repeal would change that
CHUCK I am so happy to see you taking a break from hatred of republicans. thank you sir
You only care about giving the NSA, CIA, and FBI unfettered access to the communications of Americans. 

Even the FISA court rejects you.
Do something instead of protecting criminal and complaining @SenSchumer
really? A Milton Cooper editorial? The guy said Kennedy was assassinated because he was about to reveal aliens were taking over the earth?
This "NetNeutrality" is like "Affordable care Act" nothing neutral about it. Stay away from our internet
Do you have any idea what Net Neutrality actually is?
no, she doesn't.  A bunch of rich people told her it was bad.
you are communicating with a Bot named Alex
Not a bot, just actually passionate about not handing censorship powers over to comcast
no one on twitter but any trust into an egghead. you are new so finish your profile and get some followers to be taken seriously
Not a fan of getting death threats from trump supporters 24/7, so nah, I'm good
then you are a troll not a twitter, and if you are that afraid go over to FB
Get my gov out of the Internet. I believe in the free market.  Stop big gov from controlling everything.
Most regions have only 1 or 2 ISPs that actively prevent competition, there is not a free market for this
Have you considered the different technologies involved? Or the topologies under consideration?  Or are you just blowing smoke again?
Our votes must be recorded ...

I want to be able to look up my vote in a database ... period 

I can look up this message ...
Wake up America we have been had ...
Look up Donald Marshall,
Alex Jones reports Pence planning coup to overthrow Commie Trump
