With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
@realDonaldTrump #FakeNews & #StandForAnthem has open the eyes of thousands of Americans who're FED UP! with Congress! #MAGA 
It's not "common sense" to ban media. Did you have the same problems with media when some questioned Obama's citizenship?
I did! Media been on a rampage on POTUS45 since he took office! I'm sure your family is happy with their 401K DJI UP#SilentMajority RULES!
If the economy was the sole indicator of success it'd be great for him, but it isn't #Healthcare #PuertoRico #MexicoPayingForAWall
Just name any POTUS in history who had a perfect record in every area? We ALL have to pick & choose what's best for our families!
And I don't believe Trump is good for the American people. No one's perfect, but his constant spewing of petty hate is embarassing
He's just defending himself like most of us would do!I'm in martial arts, I respect & help but you take a strike at me I will defend myself!
He should focus on solving problems and not media criticism. Maybe if he did that, there wouldn't be so much of it.
Is the freedom of the press also a right to blatantly mislead the public?
You mean like when some media members falsely claimed Obama wasn't an American citizen?
Yes correct, same shit happening now and you support it
I read the NBC story and it says they talked to officials about the meeting. How can you tell it's libel?
Funny thing is you believe the side you want to, exact reason for the "well i read the story" so it must be true then right?
It could very well be a lie, but according to Trump ANY criticism is "Fake News", so let's just ban media
Where he is coming from NBC, ABC, CBS and CNN have been on a smear campaign for a little over a year. One gets tired eventually
I bet Obama got tired of the FOX smear campaign (and don't tell me there wasn't) but he didn't call to ban media!
When will this nightmare be over? Dolt 45 goes after any1 who does not agree w/ him. MALA-Make America Love Again
That would be a twitter trend if u so wanted. #MALA
I think  #MakeAmericaLoveAgain is desperately needed right now
I understand. And our young people r online & so r many beautiful communities. I like #MALA Make America Love Again is of massive importance
I was such a loving person until I saw what Dolt 45 and his neo-haters are doing to those on the margins #MALA Make America Love Again
This is how it begins.  Fascist Dictators   https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2017/4/6/1650811/-The-14-Defining-Characteristics-Of-Fascism-Trump-Is-a-Fascist …  #NeverAgainIsNow
ABSOLUTELY AGREE
Please stand up and advocate getting rid of this man who does not respect, and does not defend our constitution. That is the supreme law.
How has he not respected and defended our constitution?  Has he not said that America is  first?
The 1st amendment has been broken by him. Please take your bot self and leave.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Thank you senator for speaking up.. please get others in the senate and the house to see what it really going on ...
Why doesn't someone bring back the Fairness Doctrine?
No senator, but it’s called “acting as a public trust”..is #MSM acting in the public trust by lying and distorting the truth? Me thinks not!
It's time for an intervention: the MSM isn't perfect but they are far less worse than the WH that lies constantly. THAT can be fact checked
Country what? Music? Bumpkins?
Hey Ed...so when does slander and misleading the public at large come into play? Irresponsible & biased reporting can not go unchecked!
Fake news helped him get elected. Telling his supporters that he was going to build a wall along the Mexican border & make Mexico pay for it
And he will if he can get the obstructive congress to consider our country and not their party.
FCC licenses require holder to operate in the public trust!  Lying to the public #FakeNews doesn’t qualify!  YES licenses shud b challenged!
So what are the lies?
Show me anything Russia that’s true!  Let’s start there! Talked up for a year and they have ZERO.because it’s not true. But the mantra stays
Bring back the Fairness Doctrine. MSM have been telling one-sided lies to America continuously for 2 years. #MAGA
Throw his ass out. I know that’s not how it works, but it should be that easy when someone is this out of control and dangerous. Disgraceful
I thought the same thing about Obama. Unfortunately, the love fest blinded people to what he tried to do to our country.
U think he is going 2 listen?Someonw would feel bad as president dealing what he has shaking hands.U can't teach a dog new tricks
The only fake news being. Heard is off your twitter account. And the lies you are telling and. Getting caught in sir
So Obama/Dems proposals to 'regulate' internet news and 'hate speech' and add the "Fairness Doctrine" had nothing to do with Drudge or Rush
Fairness Doctrine was only called "Flush Rush" out of affection.  Obama investigated  A-P,  Fox's Rosen and Atkisson.  A real 1A champio n..
Maybe Twitter should cancel his account.
It would be worth Twitter cutting off his account just to watch his head explode - nightmare over
Ed, that is true. But what do you call what the liberal anti-Trump press is doing?  Freedom of the press? I don't think so.
With all the lies that are coming out of his mouth at what time can he be impeached, NO REALLY WHEN?
He doesn’t care what he says he knows there will be no consequences for anything he does or says
So it ISN'T ok to undermine #FirstAmendment bc its a constitutional right? Y doesnt same apply to #SecondAmendment ?  its in there isn't it?
Weak!
@POTUS threatened to use IRS & FCC to limit free press & speech!
How are Dems not angrily, in unison, not fighting abuse of power? #1A
What do you expect from a moron??
It’s only fake when it’s news about him he doesn’t like; he wants a dictatorship … dangerous talk that should be called out more strongly
Seems America has been on e-goverment since this administration. President Trump asks constitutional questions on Twitter.
No (pats little Donnie’s head) @potus you are bad for country
I Don’t agree with him about most things, but he was legally elected by his own people! Why don’t you moan about African despots? #easier!
Trump is blatantly violating the Constitution of the United States (specifically the 1st Amendment).  POTUS is sworn to uphold the Constitution.  Trump is not doing the job of being POTUS.

Congress has the obligation to hold him accountable for that, and to #ImpeachTrump.
So why don’t they?
Thank you Senator...he does indeed need the schooling as *he* knows NOTHING !  Please do something!  America sendIng SOS!
Who's lying?
With all the lies coming out of trumps mouth is it appropriate to dump his ass? #morontrump #dumptrump
He is violating the oath of office and should be impeached.
My gosh save us from this insane dictator please
If Freedom Of Speech begins to be taken away, I officially give up. You said it very well, more so than I could have. Power=Irrationality!
Don get off of Twitter for your sake and others
This is his new policy for the Press. He took it from his Idol.
Eddie get your head out of the sand  why aren't you tryin to help this country
How polite.
senator as one of your constituents who voted for you please impeach t his unstable mad man I want a better life for my children  thanks
Oh my God, save us!
Can we revoke his license of being the president...
A very different kind of #inconvenienttruth isn't it?
Yes and let's not selectively forget #peaceful protest.  You cannot extrapolate what works for one (media-free speech + NFL-peaceful protest
Just how unfair it is--on both ends of the aisle...
I cannot fathom that this piece of garbage is allowed to act and talk this way. We should send whoever we have to to the White House and
First Amendment for Dummies...
I wonder if we told Trump the first amendment is actually half of the 2nd amendment if he would only try half as hard to destroy it?
Mr Trump’s mistake was in not running to be North Korea’s president. They understand having a cracked autocrat

#resist #impeach #GOP #Trump

Right on, Sen Markey!!
@thrump at what point did you obtain any lincence to run your mouth.  So let’s question yours first and then move along long to next.
Headline “Americans thankful for strong leadership from Pres. Trump after Hurricane”.  That, Herr Trump, is what fake news looks like.
American Presidency is not a trophy or prize that bestows license to do anything you please.
Silence the Liberal Liars, POTUS ! About time someone does something about #FAKENEWS we see daily via socialist media, hold them accountable
Thanks Senator.
Trump's trying to turn his Presidency into a dictatorship like Putin's Russia 
Yep!
Taking away freedom of speech is typically the first move dictators make so they can impose their ultimate tyranny.
#25thAmendmentNow
THANK YOU, Senator Markey 
When will he advise why, or how its fake.
It's not how democracy works either.
Shut up Mr.  Frosty. Why don't you try living in the state that you represent? Talk about fake news, how about fake residence? #clown
thnk P45 wld  like to have/ add a channel TrumpMedia. subtly introducing the idea. Bcause talking license is quite a stretch
No just the 2nd , right Eddie 
He has a pulse!
Donny is getting a little uncomfortable!! Maybe scared that the news media is dead on getting the truth!!
Liberals can't take the heat and they only love hating and hopelessness
Now the mask has fallen- remember Germany 1933 Often similar wording by Trump (I will never call him President)
The #FirstAmendment was designed by men who still used block print presses. They could not have fathomed modern mass media.
Really? Crickets from you when conservative speech from @va_shiva was silenced on the Common but #FakeNews lies are #FirstAmendment issue
as i silently smhh I ask this questing again and again- How the Heck did he get to be #45?
He would like to have his tweets as the only news source
This is strait out of little fascist handbook 101
This is not Hitler Germany. He needs to be gone
He needs out, treason is treason
You've done this through your #Netneutrality advocacy, Senator.
Then the networks need to get out of the NEWS BUSINESS and call it something else BECAUSE it's NOT news #AssociatedPress @realDonaldTrump
apparently trump didn't study american history.the constitution is more important than trump
The biased media is a disease, if the msm can't report unbiased news stories, they don't deserve to publish.
So you mean Fox too right? Biased reporting
My 12 year old was rattling off parts of the Bill of Rights yesterday. No doubt she can name more than our president.  Sad. #FirstAmendment
@realDonaldTrump how long is this guy's enemies list?   #Nixon #impeach
Ed-he is a liar! NEver told truth ever. I prayed @GOP had integrity. U didn't!time is up! Women exiting GOP. Gig is up! #blocktwittertrump
Mr. Markey be real! There hasn’t been true freedom of press in 40 yrs! The country is controlled and lead by the rich!!
Lol everything is “bad for this”, “bad for that”, “terrible people”. Funny how he never says that about his behavior.
Only bad thing for country is #moron #PutinsPuppet
Please DO SOMETHING, Senator.
#TheThreatofChange
#resist #TrumpIsAMoron #TrumpIsAFuckingMoron #standupfightback
More inane snark-preaching from that Senator from someplace in New England. Give it a rest Ed. You lost and are going to lose more in 2018.
Hey Mr Frosty he said challenge not take away. Where were u when Obama spied on James Rosen?
He undermines everything else.

#DonnieDaycare #DonnieDotard #25theAmendmentNOW
At what point is it appropriate for @Twitter to block Trump's account. It is bad for the office of the US President, America, and the world!
Blocking account won't stop him being an authoritarian. Twitter is the public's only window into what's actually happening in the WH.
Censure him
It is the right of the people to demand accountability on their public airwaves, Senator. It is time you resign.
At what point is is appropriate to remove a fascist from the White House?
TERM LIMITS for all elected offices. There shoud be no such thing as a career in politics so. End the corruption.
U were very silent when Ur God obama threw the Constitution in the barrel and used the IRS to stifle free speech. Hmm funny
Your continuous tweeting is bad 4 the country.  I heard a real die hard Trumper the other day saying "If he would just keep his mouth shut"
@SCOTUS Delare POTUS & Flotus incompetent to serve our country, plz
Yeah. He’s terrified all those law and order types and strong constitutionalist will continue doing nothing #StopTalkingStartDoing
He’s mental
"Slandering is not apart of the 1st amendment"
He doesn't understand how anything works
I'm disappointed to reside in a state represented by you.
@realDonaldTrump I agree but this is exactly what's happening to the network @RT. They are being silenced by our government
Maybe if the FCC would do their JOB we wouldn't have to go to twitter to get the Truth, thank you Mr President TRUMP 2020 PENCE 2024
Ed you've been in house (& now senate) since 1976. You've accomplished NOTHING & are the poster child for #TermLimits
Found the bot
The dufus president talks about how he loves the military and their sacrifice, yet he wants to toss a fundamental freedom in the trash
That is because Trump is a fuckin moron...
And Trump knows his base, they're just as dumb.
And like Trump is.
He’s not MY President! He’s crazy and NEEDS to be dealt with!
Are you an American citizen? Because if so then congratulations. He is.
So you believe that it’s within your rights to yell FIRE in a large venue?
So what your saying is POTUS shouldn't say what's on his mind you clown
Senator, @realDonaldTrump is #Unfit, a sexual predator and needs to be removed from office. #25thAmendmentNow
But..he doesn’t understand the Bill of Rights or the Constitution for that matter. In his mind, these don’t apply to his administration
This man is a stark raving lunatic who thinks like a dictator. Supporting your stand against his policies.
They took the teeth out of FCC ages ago in this to allow billionaires & RW media to thrive.
Thank you Senator for standing up for our first amendment. Nobody is above the constitution, not even the President. #LawOfTheLand
@realDonaldTrump My God, man
