Sink Trump
no I wont vote for you or warren...  you dems are nuts.. gone off the deep end. all you do is trash the president..time to move on...
Please, do.
Hurry up
Think #trump's going to cover Fields's #Legal fees? It was a campaign promise #StopPresidentBannon #manysides #Charlottesville #kkk #racism
You might want to get your asses back to D.C. like NOW!
WATCHING VA right now. How can Trump condemn white supremacists when he has them in the WH running our country !
You're upset he used the terms 'locked and loaded' but you don't give a darn that Obama not only ignored the threat but covered it up.

Lol, "I can't read or understand, don't get the points being made, so I'll put up a stupid Trump meme just because"
So when Kennedy stood up to Russia in the 60's and had us on the brink of nuclear war he was a hero and leader but now Trump is nuts? #swamp
You're nuts if you can't see the difference.
Help me understand. Seems like it's all party driven. Dems lost and just can't handle it.
WTF does that have to do with comparing Kennedy and Cuba to Trump and NK?  Trump thinks  his Dad can beat up the other guy's.
Thanks that clarifies it much better.
OMG anything done with Ted Lieu should be called illegal. He's horrible. Ask him about paying the Iwan Brothers. mmmmm
Would that mean that the football isn't accessible without first checking with Gen Kelly or Mattis?
Not possible unless Congress takes action
What's goin on Major
Glad for the connect, thanks for your service, and keep up the good fight!
Thanks teammate. Arm-in-arm
you're attempting to change Nuke policy to put that power in hands of Congress? How is that not a power grab by legislative branch?
"He's mentally impaired. He's dangerous. He could get millions of people killed if he's not restrained." Former GOP Sen Gordon Humphrey
Only former @GOP have guts!
....that's because the former @GOP are the ones we USED to vote for.  Moderate. NOT Alt Right Extremists, not lobbyists or oligarchs....
And I will be clear I never voted #Republican Proud to Say

So we can't do a first strike unless Congress approves? Way to ensure rapid response capability Ed.
I think you are too late. This country is out of control. And ALL of you in office who did NOTHING to stop the madness are responsible.
Thank-you sir, signed...... Everyone in the world '
Thank you for your hard work.  Tweeting my Senators next.
Thank you @SenMarkey and Senator @tedlieu
You need to do more to get that nut out of the White House!!!
too late the klan in friends taking over charlottesville as we speak
Thank you Gentlmen for all you have done however more is needed #25amendmentnow
So North Korea can threaten us, and we are expected to close our eyes and ears and just say bums when they finally attack us.  pff
I have an idea....why not send our snipers over there and take the bully out, then we would not have to kill all. Just a thought
What about getting mentally impaired 45 impeached?
Please please do everything you can to get this bill passed. This madness has to stop. DT is beyond dangerous.
We should be talking NO nukes at all. A retalitory strike would be genocide, and fallout would murder our allies in the region.
So, you want any leader of USA to have hands tied ? Nukes are deterrent for USA's enemies. Want to remove that? Ed, your playing dumb poker
How about passing something to get him out of the Oval offce
Thank you, but it will not pass.  You need to remove this fool from office now!
Yes, thank you! Trump is a cornered and frightened man who will do anything to avoid prosecution by Mueller.
It's ignorant and arrogant to think you can control a madman via legislation. This is a joke. Move to impeach or do nothing
when is the 25th admendment going to be started? THIS MAN CAN NOT GO ON & GOVERN ANY LONGER! WE MUST HAVE THIS MAD MAN REMOVED FROM OFFICE!
@YesWeCan4Us @tedlieu I would vote for it right now, sir.(and 25 times illegally but keep it on the dl)
THANK YOU @tedlieu @SenMarkey! Trump is a weapon of mass destruction and must be forever blocked for the sake of the entire world!
That's naive Senator. The rule of law is all you can control. Trump ignores and flaunts law routinely on matters small and yuge.
Been reading about this for months. Twitter doesn't make legislation. Status?????
Grab that congressional emergency brake and pull hard!
What make you think Trump will follow ANY law? #ImpeachTrumpNow
 Save America & let people live!  Our children shouldn't Die so Trump can see his polls rise.  Insanity shouldn't be followed.
If Congress has power to enact war how can pres be able to fire nuke?
Congress has to be in session first All of you are assuming we have  the time for you to finish your nice vacation. You better be right.
We need #25thAmendmentNow
I called and spoke with a very nice staffer in your office! PLEASE get back and VOTE..our entire world is at risk.
We need a bill to remove ALL decision making from Trump
At least the decisions concerning us.I have no prob w him making decisions about egg whites or huevos rancheros.We know white matters to him
How about invoking #25thamendment? 45 is mentally unfit to serve as POTUS. When are #Dems going to take off the kid gloves & fight back?
Thank you, gentlemen.
When are you going to stop this man cold? If not stopped, he will kill us all. HELP!!!!!!!!!!
He want listen to anyone.  GOP let him do what the hell he want to.
How about #25thAmendmentNOW ? That would help a lot @tedlieu @SenWarren @alfranken @KamalaHarris @RepJoeKennedy @SenMarkey @SenBlumenthal
How many times does he have to say his last resort would be War to your deaf ears senator
Wait till he starts the draft
Hurry please like now
Trump isn't going to use nukes first and you know it. A US pre-emptive stike wouldnt entail nuclear weapons.
Our largest risk/exposure is TRUMP, not Kim Jong Un. China will NOT tolerate preemptive U.S. nukes!!
Senator, GOP has decided that they'll put the people through hell, disorder, illegal presidential acts to get tax breaks for 1%
Why isn't congress been recalled to DC? I know only congressional leaders can do this. If not now, when!
CAN YOU GET IT DONE?? America
.. hell... The CIVILIZED WORLD is pulling for You!
I don't believe any Military Personnel should risk their lives because he is a lunatic deflecting his own legal battles.
Senator Markey, I'm so grateful you represent me.  Thank you.
OVERTLY demonstrating 6th-grade-intellect in #ForeignPolicy matters
For whom #25thAmendmentNow tolls 
It is for thee
Free wheeling in the absence of State Department...invoking Star Wars tag lines in your 6th grade understanding of the world... 
How many GOP r signing on? None? Wouldnt b surprised. I see the only option as mass protests on D.C. because the cowards r selling us out.
Thank God for sane people like you. Please do something to get this stupid war starter out of the Presidency.
@SenateDems @SenateGOP Do the right thing and pass this now!
Senator,is It asking TOO much of all you Dem congresspeople to call a press/news conf & Speak out FORCEFULLY Against all the 45 is spewing
@bob_levitt @tedlieu I have a brain aneurysm I need to rest!
@bob_levitt @tedlieu PLEASE WE BEG YOU JUST DO IT BUT HURRY!
Thank you sir!
Problem is tail wagging the dog. We need a POTUS we can trust with this responsibility, not a crippling of necessary role of the executive.
Please hurry for our children's sake - this is not a reality show - this is our actual lives
You think the possibility of a nuclear war would make them come back from vacation, but hey treat yourself I guess...
Please hurry!
But what Republicans will support it?
You will lose this, too.
Then GET IT PASSED ASAP! That nutcase is one criticism from starting a nuclear war!!!
Keep the Pressure up Ed & Ted.
You have my full support!
Thanks @SenMarkey for standing up for common sense - proud to have you representing me & MA!
Well Ed if we are hit first with nukes doesn't matter what happens next. Of course you will be hiding in the bunker with the other cowards
Please ask @tedlieu if he has spoke to Imran recently....thanks
Please! Work a little harder. This shit is scary.
Sounds like a great idea. So other countries get the first shot at using nukes on US citizens? Way to think about America first Ed #swamp

Thank you Senator! I hope and EXPECT my Senators will sign on. Right, @SenSchumer and @SenGillibrand ?
but can you pass it before he pushes the button?
@VP @SenJohnMcCain @GOPHouse @DFLHouse It would be simpler just to Impeach the President.   Just get it done, please
I hope that's enough @SenMarkey.
Thank u Senators- hope it can be passed very soon!!! POTUS is unstable
add the rule that this POTUS can NOT drop anything but "F"Bombs
You are on my list to be defeated next election. Support our president or lose your job!
No it won't.  No more than gun laws prevent criminals from illegally possessing guns.
As I asked Ted "he didn't respond" does this bill affect just trump or all future presidents?
You need to re-rack why you are in the Senate. Because it sure isn't about protecting this country.
Buy a clue. A rogue country just threatened to bomb the US and you're mad at Trump for saying there may be a response?
The reason we're in this difficulty with North Korea is because Clinton enabled them and Obama ignored them and covered up their development
Truth that no one talks about
Thank you for doing something! The American people do NOT want a war with NK, especially with a madman @realDonaldTrump at the helm. #resist
Chances that you will do so? Nil.
You guys are absolutely insane, are seeking to violate the Constitution and misappropriate the powers of the President.
So make rules by President determined by Congress? Starts with no power until congess decides what his powers are?
they apparently haven't read their Consitution lately. Or ever
Yes, it would...  If Congress weren't out on vacation...  I'm crossing my fingers we'll all still be here when you people get back to DC!
Sir, please can you adjoin a clause in your excellent Bill invoking the 25th? Thank you
Please hurry.
Yes, but when? If not until September, it will be too late.
One of my tweeps said to #pinit mid Sept. I am thinking he meant that will be the day the missile goes boom
Since Constitution mandates Congress declares war, get it in writing that Nukes are definitely an act of war & re-assume your rights.
And here we go! You & Lieu engaged in some power grab or What? Tie this shit up in courts while little Kim goes off
Senator Markey, get this bill passed! We do not want military conflict with China, period!
Just put the wheels in motion to remove him from office either by the 25th or impeachment
GOP congress do ur duty 2 the ppl of this country, now.
...without Congressional approval.
This would be terrific....
THANK YOU for all you're doing.
#TrumpIsDangerous
#TrumpIsIgnorant
#NuclearWarIsntAnOption
Our country is not being protected, represented or served by this deconstruction of government and pathological lies.
Can we just get Trump out of the WH. ...asking for a friend
Love POTUS. #MAGA
Then by all means grab your potus and move to russia!!
That has to be the most unintelligent thing I've seen today. Thanks for the laugh! I laugh all day at pathetic snowflakes!  
I laugh at bots!! You are on the wrong side of history!
Actually you are the one lacking common sense! You are as crazy as trump is!
or get him out of the White House! This will Not end well! He Knows Mueller will find dirt and he has Nothing 2 lose
Unfortunately, that takes VP and Cabinet, I think? How to put together a proper body to do it when @GOP is so corrupt?
That's the default but it also says "or of such other body Congress may provide by law" so could still be done with a minority of GOP.
You call nuclear war being prepared? This is dangerous, reckless and ignorant. If he truly cared, he'd fill vacancies in State Dept.
I concur
If i get nuked im going to die happy because it will serve you right for rewards slanders
TFW your attempt to make your political enemy seem unhinged exposes how big a tool you actually are. Time to retire Ed full of Malarky.
When is Congress meeting about this? Not soon enough?
Thanks for all you do to save our country (and the world).
slanders is a bigger problem then trump. i was a democrat for 40 years but ill never vote for another democrat while the party stands by him
No, he isn't.  Trump has the nukes and the desire to use them.  He is the clear and present danger.
too bad. beries bigots have harrassed me for years. If sanders is still oputreach director ill vote for trump
Sanders isn't a democrat. He is undermining the democratic party!!
but its not just him. all the people who supported him within the party must be russian plants too because no american could be that stupid.
Thank you so much @SenMarkey  and @tedlieu .  Please do this quickly.
Hurry! Please!!
DO SOMETHING!
STOP TWEETING AND GO REMOVE THIS UNFIT FAKE PRESIDENT FROM OFFICE.
#25thAmendmentNow 
#IMPEACHTRUMP
Please be swift but thorough. Frightening times.
Sounds good. Then let's get to work on impeachment.
