crazy people I am your Prophet.
"RIGHT!"
Was the "beautiful gift" Putin sent him when he was in Moscow for the MU pageant a Russian prostitute? Like in the dossier?

Coming from this source I believe nothing! Fake news!
Keep investigating his Russian connections!  trump is guilty!
BIPOLAR ASS HELL!
@SenMarkey Just in case you "don't recall" Donald. Your own mouth is going to sell you down the river!
@sixdegreesrcrds lies n more lies
How can one say it is "fake news" when the words came from his own mouth?!
Didn't you know, those are actors paid by the Dems, fake news. Right? The man is a LIAR!!
A BALD FACED ONE AT THAT!
why haven't you impeached him yet?  Take out the garbage already.
crook liar
You can't move the Overton window this fast and expect no one to notice.
everytime he opens his mouth a lie falls out, HD has mental issues
thanks for this. I'm not exactly surprised but.... oh well... Lots of lying going on in this administration #impeach
yeah, this is total bullshit.
but he claims fake news as he bald face lies over and over!
get over it the elections over now get to work and stop complaining that's with the American people want Democrat or Republican
so we should just ignore this? Just hope that all of this is wrong or lies and Russia did not influence our election. No F'ing way
move on. Election over.  I hated everything Obama did.  Never just 24/7 complained. Go to work. No. More entitlements 
this has nothing 2 do with the election it's about security. 
Obama did keep us from a depression I didn't like his foreign policy
MY GODDDD!!! THIS GUY IS MENTAL ILL
One by one they fall.
it is so sad the remind are this desperate to have control, most importantly it is bad for us
American ppl calling for Independent Investigation. #plotthickens#russiagate
@realDonaldTrump when they used your own word against you, there's nothing FAKE about these facts, see for yourself.
another alternative fact being thrown out. Everyone knows the truth about Trump
s start coming in from the sky !! Circa RED DAWN !!! By the it will be too late !!!
So when will the republicans wake up ? We've had a Russian spy ship near our waters ! So we should wait till Russian paratrooper
You mean just recently, or when it was here in 2015, 2014, 2012... heck it's been coming over since 1998.
Uhhh, nope!  What a dirty mess they are in.
Why are we protecting Russian aggression? #Sessions #RemoveTrump #LiarInChief #MakeAmericaSmartAgain
I wish Democrats would have shown this commitment to finding the truth about the clintons scandals and Benghazi.
"I did not have sex with that Russia..."
Dbl talk, lies, and misdirection. That's all this clown does. Pathetically.
Apparently he suffers from fork tongue disease.

How can @SenateGOP turn a blind eye and not request an independent investigation?  2018 is going to be a nasty election for R's.

.@SenateDems do not taint your soul or ruin your career w any approval of the 45 administration including cabinet or SCOTUS nominees
#resist
ok, go to original post above. See the ^ but upside down upper right? Says tweet by. .... via .... fb ok?!
i was a democrat till u gave me THE UNAFORABLE CARE ACT . WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP. democrats lie and steal an break ur windows
nothing new here, trump lies and lies; the republicans or his sycophant followers don't care
I ABSOLUTELY AGREE! *SOCIOPATH!
http://modernliberals.com/will-ag-jeff-sessions-be-the-next-trump-administration-official-to-be-fired/ …
We are way past #Resist.
This whole situation is very frightening to me.
The problem is that DT's supporters and the GOP don't see Russia as a problem...as long as he isn't PC, they DON'T CARE.
good clip montag.  #ImpeachTrump
impeachment looms, VP or Speaker...there is no good end to this.
Thank you, for bringing more to light!!
No deals there, money laundering through the Bank of Cyprus. @realDonaldTrump
Democrats r shit
The Russian connection just keeps Gerri g deeper and deeper!! Hold all of the accountable.#Russia
getting.  Sorry, typo
Conflict of interest in. Business, instituting a religious test.... IMPEACH
WHERE ARE TRUMPS TAX RETURNS?! This is unacceptable. #Comrades
We know he's a habitual liar. Where are the Articles of Impeachment? #resist #resistance #ImpeachTrump #dumptrump
AMEN!
get #45's tax returns. Complete broad and wide independent investigation, including cabinet. #FireSessions Fed up with no ethics
#ThePlotThickens #russiagate
we learn about history for a reason....so we don't repeat it! #ImpeachTrump
"I did not have financial relations with that country."
Hey, GOP impeached Clinton over a blowjob, not ties to our enemies.
@SenateDems
he's a liar and he thinks it's ok. It's not #SessionsResignNOW
put that shit on every television in the country.
These are false statements Not under oath but he is POTUS Seems like there should be consequences for flat out lying
There are. Obamacare will be repealed.
#FireSessions
Everything Trump says is a lie!
*EVERYTHING........
@maddow had a great story about his real estate dealing with Russian, esp a Putin friend in the same Swiss bank as W. Ross!
yup...keep pushing bullshit lies, its making 2018/2020 looking rose red for the Republicans...
why are we still talking about this the lies and contact with Russia all lead to treasonous contact with the Russians.  #impeach
this guy lies so much ....his tomb stone should mention that he lied all the time bigly.
Nah...a tombstone would be an admission that he actually failed at something: being alive.
Russia Russia Russia is a hoax.
this should be on every channel period he is a fruad and has to go
Promoting himself to "Russia and other former soviet states" He promotes himself globally. See Scotland.
the #tbt killed me. Sassy Senate Democrats  are the BEST Senate Democrats. 
THE LIES MUST END.  THIS ADMINISTRATION MUST BE INVESTIGATED UNDER OATH.
Ready, set, GO...
u dead at the launch ! U too late! U use an excuse for war u started so migrants can print counterfeit and b a dictatorship©™®
"in" Russia is a massive difference vs "with"'Russia
You remember that time your AG ran guns across the border that eventually came back & murdered American LEO's?
Follow the money and the truth will be revealed.
Exactly why his tax returns need to be released and examined. Follow the "yellow pissed road"! #TrumpRussia
Dems need to #TakeBackControl
Obviously as soon as he said that we all knew the opposite is true.
