Everyone who votes to take health care from millions
Of people should be charged with depraved indifference
Which WILL result in many deaths
I vote for ppl to buy their own insurance across state lines. Medicaid is for the poor and disabled, not unemployed able-bodied adults.#MAGA
88% of Medicaid expenses go to people with disabilities, seniors, and kids.

Cut out the dangerously wrong nonsense.
And insurance policies can _already_ be sold across state lines.  That doesn't do anything to negate the harm that an ACA reversal would do.
The most recent ACA reversal GOP Senators suggest would cause 16 million Americans to lose healthcare by 2018; and kill 19,000 people/year.
Coverage loss number from the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (forecast good to ±10% based on previous forecasts' accuracy).
For every 830 Americans without health insurance meeting ACA requirements, there is 1 more death/year: http://annals.org/aim/article/1867050/changes-mortality-after-massachusetts-health-care-reform-quasi-experimental-study … .
Doing the division: 16 million losing healthcare coverage / 830 => 19,000 more deaths every year.

Again: #SaveTheACA & prevent mass death.
No. It frees Americans to make their own choices regarding healthcare once again.
Two things actually- also seeks to obliterate Obama's legacy, which I think is the GOP's #1 goal.
#Obamacare /#ACA is NOT affordable for hundreds of millions of Americans, never mind related Govt oppression of all by it
Your gang did a terrible job on a CA
It helped millions more than it "hurt"
Democracy can't please everyone.  It's about being decent.
See. We both think the other side is full of clueless idiots. No need to talk.
We are tired of being taxed so other people can be leeches!
It saves it for ten times more Americans-#Obamacare / #ACA have brought my family to bnkrptcy edge w 500%+ inc in HC Ins cost since in effct
So...#SinglePayer
kill the #ACA it's a terrible law
https://action.groundswell-mvmt.org/petitions/health-care-for-all-let-s-fix-this …

I don't want to die
NOOOOOOOOO!!!!! ACA is killing us in more ways than one! Financially! Physically! No doctor's want us! The wait time is months! NO ACA!!!
Just like ocare did does is gonna do ! Get the frig out of the healthcare business
And it eliminates a tax for not buying this crap Obama care
Deedee, There is no guarantee in Constitution to health care
Because there is no mandate forcing people to have it? Duh
Take away from everyone and give it back to the wealthy then get re-elected in 2 yrs produce health bill then screw us then
.
millions who HAVE to buy it or get FINED by GOVERNMENT and they STEAL your TAX REFUND if you don't

So stop lying.

#RepealObamacare
Write your own health care then!
@SenFeinstein 
https://twitter.com/TinaPirlot/status/890578531759140866 …
#StopTheGreedyOldPricks #ProtectOurCare #StopTheSpeaker #StopTrump #ImpeachTheEntireTrumpAdministration
@ Please tell Republicans there havebeen abo 45 universal healthcare nations on earth. American needs to have GOP' respect of dignity& Care
Patch #ACA
In counties where Zero health plans are offered
SLLOW residents 2 enroll in Medicare
Infrastructure exists, population heather
I am a constituent of yours in Northern California, and I want you to know that I want a SINGLE PAYER health care system! #nowealthcare
and what health care plan do you and other members have??? Obamacare, not, so what improvements do you have for health care
Thank you for continuing to fight for us
The can of worms is open  What are #Democrats afraid of!?? Blocking testimony of Fusion GPS! http://allenwestrepublic.com/dems-make-bold-move-for-witness-testifying-against-firm-that-may-have-created-trump-dossier/ … #DemocratCollusion
Good morning, here's an idea: Medicare for all, the only Admendment needed. Problem solved!
and each Dem tweet is the same. Complaints and obstruction no solutions or proposed solutions. it's all about the politics for you.
CBO:15 MILLION WOULD OPT OUT OF OBAMACARE IF THEY COULD!
If ACA mandate were to be repealed and Americans were no longer required
It Appears @DNC & shady Fusion GPS are the ones guilty of collusion with Russians Can you say boomerang 
Obamacare took coverage and choice away from millions of Americans.
Block EVERYTHING that isn't PERFECT!!  Get out on the steps and blast the GOP for all of their BS - EVERY OCCASION POSSIBLE!
You are all letting the trail wash the dog. There will always be sm group that will not enroll.
By "takes away" do you mean no longer forces people to buy something they dont want?
LololololololollololoolooollolololjaaaahahahahalolololololololollLololololothe clit going to jail lololoolollhHahahahahahalololo
AND raises premiums AND reduces coverage for ones that still have it.
NEW: Premium rate shock by state under "skinny" repeal. 
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/07/26/436740/senates-skinny-aca-repeal-shell-game/ … 
Thanks to all of your leadership in protecting American lives by rallying against repeal attempts #KillTheBill #SaveACA  @ChrisMurphyCT too
Hcare can wait5 mins. IMPEACH the incompetent traitor. How much more damage will u allow?  Put country over parties & fundraising & IMPEACH!
We want the same health care coverage as the @SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats & @HouseGOP have. Work on that @SenMajLdr! #NoTrumpCare
Long Canadian wait times send patients south for surgery | Video http://calgaryherald.com/news/9702357/s … We don't need universal health care!!
Democrats own Obamacare. As it implodes for the 2018 elections, they own it. Obstruction with no solution. Obamacare = Democratic failure.
I had coverage I could afford before SOCIALIST OBAMACARE! Great Job Comrades! Get ready to feel the HEAT!

"To take a question concerning the firing of James Comey, and turn it into a question about Hillary Clinton? 

This is unbelievable, sir." 
Mitch McConnell is in charge of a death panel or what?
Senator Feinstein I believe it's time to impeach Donald Trump because of his bullying senator's the attorney General  and service people
Please Senator do whatever you can to save our healthcare!
with respect Sen.... each day trump's liver-spotted-behind sits in the Oval the Constitution dies a little
It should be called Trump unhealthcare
So come up with a solution.  If you're not part of the solution you're part of the problem. Think about US not the president.
You can email your Senators here in addition to calling them:
https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm …
No it does not. That is a lie, or you are not very smart. No third option.
Keep  up the fight to stop them!!!!
Yout's did too, don't think ppl don't know that. You took it by making it unaffordable
More like sets them free.
Maybe hair dye destroys brain cells. When #Obama has a gun to your gead you buy #Obamacare. #individual mandate must be repealed
SURELY you in Congress are SO IN LOVE WITH WHAT YOU HAVE DOOMED US TO that you, too, will take on THE VERY SAME HEALTHCARE YOU MAKE US TAKE
shameful.  And, for the record, why don't you choose a picture that acurately shows your age.
The democrats in Congress R, in my book, criminals.  I see U lie 2 Americans 2 advance your Marxist agenda. Would that MORE Dem voters C it2
We expect YOU to stand against the ACA and do away with its socialized medicine, dooming Americans to Charlie Gard style medical care.
Even U R able to see the damage Obamcare has done, YET U will not admit it publically.  You & your party have doomed America to rationing
NO, not accurate numbers, you're lying, you're leaving out  the MORE THAN MILLIONS that Obamacare has put out of health care plans.
Wow. Obamacare is unsustainable.
This cant happen
Tax breaks for the wealthy.
How many decades ago did you take that picture? How about TERM LIMITS so we can get rid of people like you and McCain who are corrupt liars?
ACA had to be passed to see what was in it.  We then found out how bad it was.  Wish you were covered by it, but you exempted yourself.
And people will die!
You took my family's coverage in 2009 . While promising I could keep it . Pray God allow no dems near healthcare policy ever #repeal
Yeah, coverage they can’t afford to even use.
and the democrats ability to extort money from taxpayers
The money they have made did not go to actual care in hospital.  Just lining pockets of who is on the other tweet 
Been there seen it
Each iteration of Obamacare has something in common - patients have to drive three hours further to find a doctor to see them.
I am a nurse......Repeal this for lower costs and $$$ to lobbists congress hospitals CEO'S  and pharm.  I want free choice. No single payer
You and many other women of the US Senate are truly badasses! Here is another ... stay strong! I am sure you are heroes to @GalGadot
Sounds like a theme most of Republican's can get behind!! It's up to you,Susan & Lisa to keep being the voice of the people!!
#saveaca #killthebill #TransRightsAreHumanRights
What is going on w the Repub Judiciary committee members? Stonewalling & pursuing the prev admin while Trump sets fire to our country?!
support the healthcare bill, repeal the ACA
What healthcare bill? They haven't produced one. They just want to reject the one we have.
no they have one, but Feinstein and the Dems keep lying, Even McCain said last night "I can't vote for this healthcare bill the way it is"
Obama Care has failed and needs a lot emplacement. Dems need to see the reality not the fantasy that is Obama Care.
It would help if Democrats had a plan of action on how it can be save. PS please share it with the rest of us Americans before GOP kills ACA
#thanks!

Thank you so much for all you are doing! Fight on!!
Maybe millions don't want HC. They didn't before Ocare.
ACA needs to be repealed, period. Then the health care issues of this nation need to be addressed, through legislation.
No, it no longer "mandates" they buy gov approved ins. People can CHOOSE what works for them.
To be completely honest, I never asked for it (H/C) in the first place! Dont tread on me!
Unacceptable! #SaveACA
#MAGA
Universal healthcare
More: it kills people. bankrupts families. parents won't sleep at night worrying abt bills. ppl tied to bad jobs. all to give $ to richest.

How is this letter from Assemblyman Fong to me the same thing as this $5 Del Taco refund to me? 
Saw you voted Trump's pick for FBI Dir., Chris Wray, out of committee.
Come election time, I won't forget.
So did the ACA.  Should have just left it alone!
Nonsense
Ppl already losing with the current care with the bill in place? Let it sink and walk way from it. Everybody knew it was gonna fail. Its DOA
unsure why @SenJohnMcCain is supporting bills that would eliminate healthcare for millions
The Senate has no real plan that would would for americans. Considering that's not the real goal.  Enriching the Wealthy is his goal.Shamefu
One wrong would.
It's a TAX BILL, not a healthcare bill.
Because everybody knows...we all deserve free stuff!
Why are they trying to kill us?
Please keep putting pressure on your Republican colleagues to vote no on taking away medical coverage or Medicaid away from Americans
Thanks, Sen. Feinstein. Keep fighting the good fight!

And that should include this freeloader bum... #BankFraudBernie 
It's politically legal mass murder. Denial of coverage will make the sick die, this does not represent a healthy America. @SenFeinstein
Thank you for your continued leadership and ninja like fighting skills. You make us Californians proud.
#ImpeachTrump
When will you work with republicans to improve health care coverage
Senator, so how come the obamacare is so bad and premiums out of control, then again you went slong with the obsma lie, that you can keep dr
Are you a fear mongering liar?  Fear mongering is unlawful.
You know what the definition of insanity is right? The GOP!
No Dear it's doesn't Force Millions of America Younger Generation to buy Insurance they don't want and penalize them
Stop Twisting the story
Thank you for standing firm to protect Americans.  We appreciate your efforts!

it's giving people's freedom of "not having" insurance back!!
I don't want to pay for others to kill their babies!!#DefundPlannedParenthood
Thank you Senator for all you are doing
SENATOR IF ALL AGREE THE ACA HAS TROUBLE! THEN WORK ON A REPLACEMENT FIRST !THAN REPEAL IT! DON'T DENY HEALTHCARE TO MILLIONS! IT IS SUICIDE
Trumpcare isn't suicide, it is homicide.  #TrumpcareKills
MY MISTAKE ;I SHOULD OF WROTE GENOCIDE!
Sen.Dianne Feinstein of S.F.  California,TRUTH
It's really not a "health care bill." It is a "tax" cut for billionaires. Please call it what it is.
No it selling plans that don't offer anything.  The problem is cost of health care & pharma
