And who revealed the conversation of two world leaders. Our intelligence community is pathetic!!! Trump didn't give gps location. ENOUGH
Really? Enough is right! Enough of @potus running his mouth. STOP DEFENDING HIS DANGEROUS bragging . There is NO UPSIDE to what he tells.
He didn't give gps location. And subs have had locations knowledge before. Your hysteria does not equate a crime or bad judgement.
I'm not hysterical. YOU'RE dilusional. NOBODY gives sub info. It's NOT bad judgement; it's ZERO judgment. Grow up. Support YOU, not him.
Again. We have zero idea what reassurances or info is given to world leaders privately during a crisis. WE NEVER SHOULD KNOW! Very dangerous
Wth!!! @SenateDems
You seem very concerned about this. Are you concerned about our failure of an intelligence agency weaponized to discredit our President?stfu
Smh typical trump supporter nonsense.
Give it up.
Well a draft dodger does not understand the phrase "lose lips sinks ships" this also includes submarines!
Right you are.
Trump wouldn't know the location.
You are correct. How could he know the exact location. He might have told them overall region but that is general knowledge
And assumed by all. I would hope we have subs there.
@realDonaldTrump has diarrhea of the mouth.
Spies go home. Trump will do your job.
More poor Trump #GOP supported judgement ... check.
Oh yeah! Well Obama and Hillary did the same thing! "The subs are at Quiznos, Jersey Mikes and Jimmy Johns! What's your point? #HeAintSmart
Yeah, one thing to add to the list when is being prosecuted for treason.
Trump doesn't know what the nuclear triad is, let alone that subs are part of that triad. This moron is our Commander-in-Chief? Terrifying.
Our POTUS cannot be trusted with classified Intel. Stop his briefings immediately . Put our country's security above party politics.
Haven't you heard? He does not GO TO BRIEFINGS. Too busy with his ratings.
Now the Chinese will be able to test their military equipment... check 
 bad judgement by Trump.... check.
@SenMarkey I no longer believe these are the foolish actions of a man-child. These are deliberate attempts to undermine the USA
@CNN PLEASE run this all day with military experts to call him out. @TheDemocrats
Don't worry... the subs are continuously underwater.... running silent... running deep.
Dear God why doesn't someone stop him!  He needs a babysitter 
Needs his dippers changed!
ANOTHER BRILLIANT "SWAMP-DRAINING" ACTION BY POTUS.  IS HE REALLY TRYING TO "DISTRACT THE EQUATION" THROUGH PROVOCATION?
Well... how can we threaten people if they don't know our subs are there ready to obliterate them?
 lets guess one near California and the other new York 
He is his own worst enemy! And seems like ours too.
We have nuke subs everywhere. "Region" means within 1,000 nautical miles in every direction good luck finding them. Press is full of Morons
It seems the U.S. needs a special election on everyone in congress & incl the CINC. I'm too responsible a communicator to say more.
maybe it's just me, but I'll leap at common sense: there's a reason a submarine stays submerged, more so, if it's a nuclear sub.hmm
Trump doesn't know how to keep his mouth shut regarding sensitive info. Someone needs to explain "nuclear deterrence" to him. Soon
Oh yay. Thanks
Big mouth strikes again|
He's the leaker
You are very scary Mr. Trump.
What is wrong with this fucking guy ? He is worse than my blabbermouth cousin when we were little kids !
congress better get ready, bc the ltrs will come, IF anything goes wrong. That action is counterintuitive regardless of person. Smh

no one should act, behave, consider our svc mems lives on a sub, in the region, families, our citizens, & country so recklessly.
Now, leaking again the whereabouts of #US arsenal
I was on a submarine. I can't believe that ASSHOLE disclosed locations of our boats
it's insane to disclose such details, which puts our svc mems lives at critical risk. Confidential is too low. Secret or higher.
OMG!  These headlines are just clickbait.
#alternativefacts What secrets will @ pity's reveal next?
Someone needs to crazy glue his lips together. What a blabbermouth! Discretion Please!!!!!!
I seriously doubt this since most people (including the President) would not know how!
That's what little kids do.
Robo Mouth can't stop
@POTUS @SecretaryPerry If Trump got his info from Rick Perry it's probably wrong. I doubt that dumbass has even figured out where they are.
@cnn. Seriously? For his next trick is he next going to give away  the code for "the football" ?
Loose lips sink ships.
Might as well  bring them to the surface now and have them shoot off fireworks. Big mouth strikes again.
Rule 1: Never disclose locations of submersible vessels outside of naval intelligence. Rule2: Refer to Rule 1.
Why don't we just unclassify all of our intelligence?
One word, idiot.
Reckless!
Just can't go a single day without jeopardizing U.S. security.
Obama told our enemies our battle plans daily.  So what.
Hiw is this news??
A) Who's to say that what he said is true or accurate?
B) "in the region"? That might be anywhere within thousands of >>
miles. Location - it is not.
And certainly he has not revealed their lication.
There is a reason why submarines are known as the "silent service", Donnie.
I heard he actually gave him the launch codes! #FakeNewsMedia
Mass murderer, dictator, criminal! That's Duarte. And Trump is congratulating him and sharing into that directly endangers lives.
...and to everyone else
i heard he gave the exact location of the Loch Ness monster big story guys run on that narrative 
Putin: @realDonaldTrump will tell you ANYTHING, Bro. Duterte: Really? Putin: For reals! Ask him where his subs are. #Duterte #Submarines
Unfit and unworthy - applies to both of these nut jobs.
They call it being smart putting all the cards on the table that's like saying this is my hand now as yours better USA royal flush was Trump
Even if this were true, LA Times would be revealing location to all of their readers. Never mind, nobody reads them. My bad.
WTF
Was this some sort of dick competition?
Stroking thug leader of Philippines Trump Protecting his real estate interests in Manila. What else is new ??
Christ Almighty
Next thing we know, he'll be asking the Russians to hang onto to Nuclear football for him.
Somebody give this guy #DJT a bag of #depends for his mouth.
he so crazy
Again? REALLY? Ever hear of "loose lips," @POTUS ? #Treason #Unfit #Submarines
Looks like it's 25 o' clock #25isfor45
Its interesting when Democrats Leak its True. When Republicans leak its conspiracy theory. Neither is Factually based yet believed. Crazy
It does not take a rocket scientist to know what to say and when to keep your damn mouth shut!
Russian sub in that neighborhood hears or detects something anomalous. They're weren't sure what it was, until now. Russians thank Trump.
What a lame, irrelevant article
"Loose lips sink ships." Trump should be recalled before he gets more American servicemen killed.
What happened with him?
Y'all act like those said submarines are immobile and can't just "swim" away at any time. Shhhhh
Yeah, so no problem, right? Stop defending incompetence.
He just loves to brag...  #hesignorant
That's good, it's like telling your roommate where you keep the spare car keys right?
His option. They move around anyway.
Stop trying to generate hate.
Prez "Kaopectate" vomiting secrets like burps.
where were his Keepers on that one?
WTF?  Did he give the codes/keys to him also?
This was known last month when N. Korea was shooting missiles & failing. This isn't news.
One sub was reported, not 2
Hopefully there's 9.
https://twitter.com/cesimzeydan/status/867581428334301184 …
