And tomorrow, Trump leaves for yet ANOTHER golf vacation.
Obummer and his Muslim family took vacationing to extremes while screwing the citizens of this country
No he didn't. Trump's already spent more in a few months on vacays than O. spent in a year.
he isn't vacationing.  He is working while there
till $3 million dollars in Extra security. He can work from the White House like the other presidents did.
knowing him he is using his own money not our money.  U do know he isn't the 1 to put us in 3 trillion $ debt
Not at all true. He uses government funds. I guess you don't know him very well.
Neither do you
And the president and his advisors sold us (the Citizens) out to Russia.
Seriously? You're really buying this dung spouted by these worthless dems?
Tom, you can crawl back into the Trump Swamp now.
OBAMA ASSWIPE!
Pammy, you're so clever.
I know! 
lies.  They were forced to get poor health care.  Work together to give what we deserve
Don't let them do either!! The Dems will be behind you 100% if you fight for us.
LIAR!!!!
How's the weather in Moscow today?
and with Obamacare the democrats voted to take away our money in return for a piece of crap.
chuckie u want to tax the internet take our freedoms allow criminals in our country ur doing a great job keep it up dumbass
Leftist translation: Republicans are evil, and want to make your life miserable. And then they want to hill you. 
@SenSchumer <-- Jackass
Your day of reckoning is coming! Grandstand while you can! Sources say your corruption about to be revealed!
we need an investigation into @chuckschumer and his financial dealings. There is and has been suspicious activities.
Your INSIDER TRADING IS ABOUT TO BE EXPOSED

YOU SHOULD RESIGN NOW...

NOW!
BECAUSE OF

YOUR NEW FOUND WEALTH

YOU ARE OUT OF TOUCH 

WITH REALITY 

IT'S NOT AFFORDABLE 

AND YOU'RE A PAID LIAR...

#MAGA
And just out of curiosity, what is the NSA, CIA and FBI doing with my private cell phone conversations since you allowed it?
Schumer is a Communist
#maga
#infowars
.@realDonaldTrump
No, they tried to tweak Obamacare & the people told them no they want Obamacare gone.
Hey Chuckie, GOP may be trying to take a way healthcare! But u DEMS r giving it to lazy & illegal ppl. So u r clueless to Amer.
Stop them @Wally_Callahan
Remember when Obamas sold Internet rights to UN? Funny, it was only 5 months ago.
Totally remember that! Except it never happened.
I'm assuming you are misinformed democrat ? ICANN controlled by UN
Feel free to continue ignoring the facts of the matter. If you have an open mind, however:
USA has created Internet. It belongs to USA. Your ex president Obama the who betrayed us and surrender to globalization
You are 1/2 right, but the World Wide Web was created by a Brit working at CERN. But go on, keep typing.
Al Gore created the internet.
@jrpaws They voted Chuck.
PUSH FOR SINGLE PAYER OR GET PRIMARIED
the majority of Americans do.
Ummm Chucky, it ISN'T GVT'S biz to provide products &services to public! Period. You &all the card carrying communists can go sit dwn!!
The "GOP" is a Dinosaur that attracts religious zealots.
Climate deniers, evolution deniers , misogynists, racists.
A Christian Taliban
30 million don't have health care now Rand Paul has a plan
says Chucky. The king of lies, deceit, and denial. We don't believe a damned word that comes out of your mouth.
I hear the next one takes the Congress health care down.
Look on the bright side @SenSchumer, you're getting old and will probably be dead in the few years anyway.
DICKtator obama already destroyed our health care with obamadoesntcare!
Please continue to stand up for All Americans, as our so-called President is failing to do.  Thank you!
If ACA is so great, why doesn't Chuckie have it?
I didn't say it was "so great" and agree it needs changes, but fix it - the proposed plan will hurt millions.
I agree this plan sucks. But there is no "fixing" it. It was designed to fail. That's why this plan won't work.
so replace it with something that works better, but not something that will hurt millions of Americans.
"Dems created this mess"?  How on earth does that line of thinking help anyone?  Isn't it time to stop that?
Lol. If Repubs try & fail, you'd be the first in line to skewer them over it. Dems still think ACA is great.
does obamacare cover the mental health of the children that are raped by your pedophile friends and Anthony Weiner?
I have health insurance because I work. You only me to work to pay for illegal criminals and your big fat pension.
thank you Sen Schumer. Don't let the haters in. They are just uneducated poor souls.
oh wait how insensitive of me let me post GOP real news
U need to be fired. Corrupt
stay strong and resist
President Trump wants our help to cure Obamacare. Please go up there and tell him SINGLE PAYOR!
Today Chuck Schumer fabricates another big lie.
if either of my Senators voted for this they will lose my vote.  This is about billions of dollars in advertising.
@DLoesch @marklevinshow @AnnCoulter @IngrahamAngle  would one u please give Chunky poo a lesson? Seems dementia is setting in.
LIAR. Obamacare already took away our healthcare. U didn't seem 2 concerned when millions lost their ins due 2 Obamacare. POS
right chuck ,they should just let the aca die on its own because it was a boondoggle you helped create they should let u eat it

#GOPCongress #Broadbandprivacy #ProtectOurDemocracy #ProtectOurCare Vote NO 4 #AHCA Vote NO 4 selling our private Internet data!
No its a vote for medical care. Insurance is not medical care.
No woman has got pregnant without a man being involved somehow.
What the House GOP is doing is disgraceful
@LeslieMarshall OMG Chuck, your such a LIER. Cut it out. They are trying to fix it!!
Today they are working to provide healthcare at better cost, high deductibles, high premiums be gone!
How dare they take away advantages of our rich liberal buddies facebook and google.
@crisrice
Had a #democrat senate did this, fake news shows like @GMA @NBCNightlyNews & @TODAYshow would've endlessly reported it
boogie man is coming #democratplatform
@sherryrudman1 Share details so that we the resistance can make sure everyone is voting and informed. How does it affect people?
Still taking insurance away from 24 million & taking out coverages.  Empl no longer have 2 give ins. That sucks
Read this on the floor.
Good.  Take it.  I can't afford it #FunctionallyUninsured
please help put full stop to both these egregious actions committed by GOP - help protect the people
@xeni wheeeee so when I'm about to face a death panel, mortuaries can call me to offer the best deals!!
STOP THEM PLEASE. I AM SICKENED AND TERRIFIED.
Why?
Welcome to the world of the Grand Old Party.
current Med plan if you get a job you will not be able to afford oh bummer care
You are a Liar.  A perfect example for #TermLimits.
and you are whining on Twitter. Buck up and put something on the table Chuck.
Help us Chuck! Keep fighting the fight! 
@EricaSpins1 BS
So you & the DEMS have all been working 24 hrs a day to stop these bills? BC  by just whining & reporting means U R ineffective?
you are a politician in the worst sense of the word.
you sound like a lunatic 
You should be held accountable for what you say-go home CHUCKY
@co_rapunzel4 Have Family? Respect #Veterans? NRA TeaParty Drumpf Quote 'And when you're a star they let you do it'
.@SenSchumer THANKS FOR BACKING HILLARY!!!1111111oneone
#AWESOME
And in American homes across this country #TheResistance is hard at work. Keep investigating #russiagate.
What we should do is all change our W-4s so that we pay no tax up front and essentially defund congress.
if you don't filibuster gorsich all the press hits mean nothing.
and what r u doing tweeting about it?  So while they r working your doing absolutely nothing except bitching as usual
you people do realize that if it weren't for the Dems we wouldn't be in this situation now!
and ur working to get more illegals in who will rape and murder our children
you are the demon spawn and you shouldn't have your job! You need to get the heck out!
repeal Obamacare now
The American citizens' forehead has a bar code tattoo. Our privacy, health, and souls are all for sale per the GOP.
CHUCKY THE CLOWN . YOU JUST KEEP ON LYING.
Obama already sold the internet lol even fake news knows that's fake news....
just another political bullshit statement all of you need to be ran out of office for they child like ways you act period
Part of me t/hopes they just walk away &leave ACA in place to implode, so your const w/ finally understand it was sh$t all along
Fuck them Serious we are DONE with the Republicans
Chip away at everything leaving people desolate and desperate. They're easier to control. #TheResistance #BroadbandPrivacy
but the emails...
A revolutionary idea- NO health care for members of congress until they implement basic universal health care for all.
What a blatant lie!
You will stop both i hope. Both are serious issues
Obamacare took away my healthcare.
trump voters don't know this  sad
@deejay90192 @Janfrog1 Oh HELL NO!!!
@deejay90192 And congress is baking peanut-butter cookies for all the kids with allergies.
let's bury them alive
@Missmo1951Jones ugh  SCHUMER I remember when you said you had NO ideas UR own brother on COMCAST merger.
My private information is my private information would it help to start hiring a lawyer now?
Pitchforks are way overdue.
Russia did it!
Obama put private info out there for free!
And now, I would rather die than vote Republican ever. Appears the new health-care plan is designed to help me along,
whatever.  Is the GOP starting to resemble the DNC?
How can we stop the data selling? What about our privacy rights?
@LouDobbs @LibertyBelleJ  @SenateGOP Request a Investigation on Russian Spy's @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters Nobody Can B this Dumb
@LibertyBelleJ  It's like the GOP is at war with the whole country.  So, sick of this gangrenous bunch!
thank you. #protectourcare!
@kasthomas And today Democrats continue to lie and mislead anything new Chuck?
hey you clowns had a chance at national health care when Obama was elected. Dems had majority in both like Trump has now. Duh!
.@SenSchumer @kasthomas Seems to me The GRAND OLD PARTY is very badly named if they can cut Americans from needed health care.What if they
.@SenSchumer @kasthomas had to use this http://insurance.You  know the saying "walk in someone's shoes"?If you can't do that,you're not
.@SenSchumer @kasthomas To lead anyone or anything.We can vote you In or Out of office...think about that.Trump isn't even a Republican.
.@SenSchumer @kasthomas We The People are the country you used to be a part of.What makes you think you're better than us.UR a Senator or
.@SenSchumer @kasthomas Representative,not king of the http://castle.You  owe Us good health care,not Trump a few more dollars.Wake Up!
@KerriBoxx 
There are also voting to take away my mental health care which I'm going to desperately need after all of this
@DeeDeTarsio more fake news from a soon to be dead senator
don't let it happen Chuck!!!!!!
OMG! I will die if ACA gone & now they are onto selling data on us? They are already adding me to ALT RIGHT w/o my permission!
Let it implode please PRESIDENT TRUMP let it blow up all over Schumer and Pelosi! Affordable affordable affordable. Pigs
Our healthcare, education and environment are being threatened in a very real way. Our borders and jobs are not.
so are you saying Obama care is good? News flash Chuck....It's all a part of Democrats scheme of depleting Americans. We get it.
.@SenSchumer say it with me: #Insurance ≠ Healthcare. Improve healthcare, don't give out expensive useless insurance. Also: #FreeMarket
and what is your plan, you have no plan, you have still never read Odumbocare, so what should we the American people do!!!!
Why don't you go on obamacare and see how you like it?  Oh that's right, you exempted yourself to have good healthcare.
Please protect the US people
@SenMarkey They must be stopped before they ruin us all. Sounds like they're separating the haves & havenots! To what end?
@Bibmomma3 this moron isn't fit to be hair club president let alone POTUS he is mentally unstable and to incompetent to be POTUS
@Bibmomma3  this is as insane as his BS budget cutting funding and explaining it as we need típpy top nukes like we don't haveem
@RogueED Fabulous
Why didn't @SenSchumer #filibuster the #BroadbandPrivacy bill?!
@VJJofReason Update: sold our privacy...
@oesmom1 I want to scream!!!
@PayDownTheDebt we will have anything?
and all of this to "make America great again". That would be laughable if there wasn't so much at stake. GOP=party of un-doers.
#resist #notrumpcare
....Schumer! You owe Trump an apology! Trump was surveillanced by Obama
Do you ever consider offering legitimate solutions? Constant criticism is easy. Working for change is hard.
what's the GOP's solution for fixing the ACA? They had 7 years to figure this out. Pathetic.
COMPLETE 100% BOVINE EXCREMENT! Not a proper function of A BANKRUPT GOVT!
not without my permission!
Sen Schumer stop GOP AND DON'T LEERY THEM SELL MY PRIVACY!
No & I am tired of hearing you complain and do nothing to help them fix that failing Obamacare. You are dragging your party down
stop these bills now!
Broken record
obama sold that months ago!  Try a little honesty Chuckie!
I can't believe the idiots in the Dem party!
As if treason is not enough
what's next with this bull s...of a wh..?
you are such a liar.  Why can't you just get along?  Unprecedented a-hole!!
You need to move back to where you came from or try europe or cuba.
Come on Smuckie , more lies!!!
And Congress is exempt from the ACA...why?
@Najjaci_ostaju Ocare which you think is so great is hurting virtually all of us, and so is your obstructive conduct.
SELLING INTERNET DATA ... we all think it's sold anyway ...
So if Obamacare was so great, why didn't you and that weasel Hairy Reid sign up for it Chuckie???  CUZ YOU KNOW IT SUUUUCCKKED!
The data the Dems have via the CIA?? You mean that data Chucky!
That's our @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP, working to undermine everyday Americans, every day.
of course you'll vote no , you're a schmuck
my healthcare was taken away by Dems 3 years ago. Premium tripled and no choice in coverage. Repeal it all - no Obamacare
You and Elizabeth are hypocrites
not taking away my healthcare. Matter of fact, I like that I'll not be forced to carry something I don't want
- and you're powerless to stop this?
don't they need 60 votes since this isn't about the budget?  Dems need to hold strong. Yes, talking to you Joe Manchin!
I was talking about with the internet
What can be done to stop them??
They're going to give you the American people choice and not shove something down your throat and make you pay for it
and that's why we need to close down congress and no vote on Gorsuch for Scotus until we get an independent investigation!
