Let me explain: For as long as the internet has existed, it's been grounded on the principle of #NetNeutrality.
That means what you read, see, or watch on the internet can't be favored, blocked, or slowed down based on where the content is coming from.
#NetNeutrality allows a small business in Minnesota to compete with the big guys, it drives innovation, and it protects free speech.
But @AjitPaiFCC, the head of the @FCC, is intent on eliminating the very protections that safeguard an open internet.
@AjitPaiFCC claims we need to abandon strong #NetNeutrality protections because they are bad for broadband investment.
That’s just not true. And we know that because the ISPs themselves have told their shareholders that it’s not true.
For example, Charter’s CEO told investors at the end of 2016 that #NetNeutrality rules “didn’t really hurt us; it hasn’t hurt us.”
So we know #NetNeutrality benefits consumers, businesses, entrepreneurs, and it promotes the free exchange of ideas on the internet.
We also know that @AjitPaiFCC main argument against strong #NetNeutrality protections doesn't hold water. So why is he doing this?
Because massive corporations want it.
The truth is there's no good reason to scrap #NetNeutrality, unless you want to give giant ISPs the power to establish fast and slow lanes.
If you happen to agree with me and think this sounds like a terrible idea, then now is the time to mobilize and fight back.
I’m going to be fighting to protect #NetNeutrality, and I hope that you will too, because every American deserves a free and open internet.
Make no mistake: the FCC just took a major step toward destroying the internet as we know it. My full statement: https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1364431860309359 …
WTH? Protect!
Dems get NN Repubs dump it. Dems takeover they get it back then if Repubs win again they dump it. Pete&rePete. Sic-of-it...
You and #CrookedHillary shouldn't have cheated Bernie...this would not be happening.
oi @iamjohnoliver we need you to save us
This UK article puts a lot of perspective on Everything!. data collection, trump, bannon, thiel.. scary stuff!
More #socialists #globalists #islamists-alliance #NewSpeak
A new move2govt.control of everything. Like giving DNS2UN
Net Neutrality is a bullshit term

It is giving away Internet freedom to unelected unaccountable tryannical monsters
#maga
#Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth  #Justice4Seth
Just so you know @SenFranken I read your tweets in your voice
I always "hear" "I... Al Franken" before each line and immediately think of "Placenta Helper".
Bernie would have won
other than calling the FCC & commenting on their website is there anything else we can do before Trump slaps his name on the whole internet?
1) Make a billion $
2) Out bribe some congressmen
Thank you Senator Franken for all you do. 
So Al, what do we do about this? Call our reps? Add it to the shit list of the last 5 months? Give us some guidance. Thank you sir.
protect
RAISE HOLY HELL!!!!
A favorite 
YAaawwnn.
Where's Al Gore when you need him!?!?
First step in repressive regime.
protect us
You are stupid enough to try and silence any media that could expose the Democrats for the crimes they commit against America !!!
what a fucking surprise when a dictator is president.
Net neutrality is democracy. Those who want to hand it to the powerful & block it to regular people are anti American on its face. Equality!
Repugnantcans will vote to destroy. The whole party needs to go.
Supporting you Senator Franken! While others are otherwise occupied we need to focus on this!
GOP do not care about American citizens . The GOP serve their 1% billionaire Master's only
How about the FCC Investigate Fox News for Spreading Lies, Encouraging Chaos, and Undermining the American Elderly and Stupid!
Didn't we have the internet as we knew it before #NetNeutrality?
sounds like they're moving toward destruction and no one really seems to care. too many trump fires
Many of us have contacted our Reps/Senators and commented on the FCC site.  What else can we do?
Keep this topic in the public eye since they won't allow public input.  #netneutrality #GoFCCYourself https://www.gofccyourself.com/ 
Destroying or protecting? Need more info. Im willing to give a little to prevent cyber crime & prosecute. Just dont know if this is it.
if you want it mr franken we should not have it. Go back to hollywood and do comedy again.
Finally something we agree on.
Protect it and fight like hell for it. I'm tired of republicans not caring about the people or the voters voting against their interests.
The American people will get thrown under the bus again.
They'll destroy everything they can before... you know.
Repubs will vote to destroy. Make the rich richer by building a monopoly. Your cable bill will go higher.

A free and open internet is crucial for a healthy democracy. Sign @PplsAction's petition to protect #NetNeutrality: http://bit.ly/2q483R5  
Chances are Trump will do something stupid to distract anyone from hearing about it. #Everyday
Welp, we're fucked
Personally, I think @GOP should let Dems have this one.
Email the commissioners ajit.pai@fcc.gov; mignon.clyburn@fcc.gov; mike.o'rielly@fcc.gov Keep ISP oversight under Title II
save #NetNeutrality
Senator what does it take to get the @FCC to investigate tabloid broadcasters who present themselves as news? Alternate fact friend asking.
Thank you for your support, Senator Franken.
Holy shit it's hard to stay focused on the crap they are pulling vs the trump they use as a shield.
Thats nice.
Anonymous won't have that.
I hope you have some say so Mr. Franken

You can visit http://gofccyourself.com  and urge the FCC to keep strong net neutrality rules backed by Title II.
Can we do anything?
Trump/Russia aside, failing to protect Net Neutrality is the real risk to jobs, the  economy, and our future! Call your Congressional reps
Um... lemme guess.
Al, amazing thread, not enough attention on #netneutrality right now.  I'm in, what can I do to help?  Point me in the right direction!
Why can’t something be done about this in congress? Can Congress overuse the FCC leadership?
Oversee?
Senator Franken, Please raising this issue in every way you can.
Censorship is another vehicle toward Fascism.  Do your jobs ans stop this insanity.
We are watching
Shut every vote down until Trump is impeached.
looks like TrumpCorp is winning, in their appointments, it'll get worse
how many can trump appoint, how quickly,  that's a horrifying situation as well
This makes me feel sick.
STOP THEM!
If it fucks a lot of regular people- the Republicans will be balls out for it
Protect the internet from Comcast and Verizon and other corporate thugs. Corporations need to be stopped!
From moment to moment you never know what will happen to the United States. We're in Troubled Waters and we need a life support system!!
How much more has to happen before 'impeachment' starts. This has been nothing but a mess since Trump took the stage. I am so.. disgusted.
Sadly, we all know the fix is in, and communities of color will suffer most.
I appreciate what you've done to prevent it.  I have called the FCC on the issue as well.
I guarantee they will destroy it!
I've called and emailed, written letters... what else can an average citizen do.  I didn't vote for this madness!
Get em al!
Things will need to fix in 2018.. 2 steps forward Dems.. 3 steps back GOP? What a waste of our money. I'd rather see roads get fixed.
Can you guys just shut that down for a bit. There seems to be something afoot.
...agreed. Sadly, our government moves forward ... it doesn't stop when a orange gets stuck in the wheel.
They can slow down every single thing with cloture among other tools.
And what can we do to influence the right decision? This insanity needs to stop.
Thank You, Senator! 
Deconstruction one piece at a time.
It's pretty much guaranteed that, under this greed-obsessed administration, they will do the wrong thing.
Don't let the #GOP destroy our #netneutrality !
#Resistance
bye bye, no more pay backs to your silicon valley donors
This is just one of the many things that need to be reversed once the D's take back control of the House and Senate.
in europe, we're waiting with angst for the @FCC decision. when #NetNeutrality falls in the US it will sooner/ later fall in europe as well.
@RepChrisSmith Stop the madness - net neutrality is crucial for NJ businesses and families. Otherwise goodbye telecommuting, e learning etc
I swear Al, I feel like I have aged 20 damn years since December. PLEASE protect #NetNeutrality and give us one win. America needs this.
They have sequestered those voting from any more public additions to filing. The time to speak up was a week ago.
What are you gonna do about it? #JohnOliver can't always do your job 4 you!
if anyone can do this you can because gosh darn it you're good enough
If cyber-security is as bad as the last attack, then we need unlimited bandwidth not less of it in every home.
I ♡♡♡♡ you @SenFranken!!!! Thank you for this!!
Neutral
So what can we do?
Abusive rules imposed to serve Big Biz just 3 years ago? Good thing your voters are dead and can't hear your LIES
As a tax payer who helped paid for the development of the Internet, I say u Democrates r dead wrong.  Stay out of the way of progress!
Net neutrality is critical for access to information.  Call your reps and Pai  1-888-225-5322.
Why does the FCC get the power for such a monumental All reaching decision,it should be a congressional vote,a supermajority,a const.amdmt.
And then the Senate will appease media giants by moving Copyright out of the Library of Congress and the horrorshow will be complete.
You think it's shit now, watch how bad it gets if they do away with net neutrality safeguards
you obviously dont understand the issue
Please protect #NetNeutrality   Haven't we been through enough? 
We both know that miserable hack Ajit Pai will go forward with his "against the people" policies.
Thanks for the info
How can a vote be legitimate with treason, collusion, GOP involvement, and the handing over of sensitive classified doc. To Russia,?
And we know you Democrats will vote to "destroy". You are, after all, the party of destruction.
I don't normally agree with you on much, Senator, but on this issue, I agree. #NetNeutrality
PLEASE help us to save Net Neutrality. I simply can't take one more bit of Trump administration madness. Pai is a crook
FCC needs to vote to preserve Net Neutrality, an open internet promotes good education, democracy, free speech & equality
Stephen Colbert just talked about it 2 weeks ago
You, sir, are one of the very rare few that have my respect. Keep up the good work.
That's so right Dear Senator please try to stop this as this is the Wall Street-isation of the Internet
Anything we can do to avoid catastrophe?
This'll give some instructions.
Spread this video and the update video after I post it.
Idiot! Those are not the choices. Or maybe that was a joke.
IMPORTANT!! Contact FCC
Does this mean we can potentially buy @realDonaldTrump internet surfing history? If so? Where do we buy it? #cdnpoli #uspoli #pnpcbc
You do live dangerously lol
@FCC please vote to keep #netneutrality (or at least as much of it as we already have)
Look people, you are falling for a noble sounding title but #netneutrality  should really be called "Let's Politicize the Internet"
Stop them, Al! #thepowerofthepeople
I contacted the FCC & filed my opinion on this matter as per John Oliver.
Look Al, if we had highway neutrality then bicycles would have the same access as cars. The result would be much slower traffic. #LessonHere
You are aware that your example is hopelessly flawed and doesn't reflect the issue?
You are aware that it is more important for streaming video packets to travel uninterrupted than it is for email, correct?
You see, with #NetNeutrailty internet traffic that has no need to arrive instantaneously (email) will get the same priority as Netflix.
This means that your Netflix viewing will likely be more choppy because it has to allow emails to flow unimpeded. #NetNeutrality
And the biggest problem is that you have invited the camel (politicians of all stripes) to stick its nose under the tent. #NetNeutrality
So yeah, I know what is at stake. #NetNeutrality
Whoa whoa whoa, you're seriously saying email shouldn't arrive instantaneously? The entire point of the internet is *better communication.*
It was poisoned as soon as marketing and adverts invaded
Now you care?
This will be a nail in @GOP 's coffin. NOBODY wants this. Truly nobody.
If nothing has nailed the #corruptGOP yet, I doubt this will. We have to take our country back in 2018. We just have to!
When you mess with the internet, you mess with people's porn watching and then all hell breaks loose.
I finally agree with you about something. Pissed off that Obastard started this. Take the blame, it's yours.
... what the shit? This is about @AjitPaiFCC OVERTURNING an Obama regulation to PROTECT net neutrality. What planet are you on?!
We're gonna have to go back to reading books, buying newspapers and using calculators
Don't let them make any more changes until you all can get #Russiagate figured out. Then, start over!
Please save #NetNeutrality Al. The Resistance & Good Americans Love you & Support you.
PROTECT!!!!!
C'mon, we know they'll vote to screw the American people & Make Business Richer Again. @realDonaldTrump ensured this.
I submitted public comment on this, urging the @FCC to protect Net Neutrality. Rescinding these rules will harm average people and small bus
I tried to submit my option but the FCC site wouldn't let me! (And yes, it was during the proper time frame).
Yes, I heard that they closed it down early.  They didn't want to see the comments people were leaving.
And now I hear there was a last minute dump of pro getting rid of #NetNeutrality! Saying Comcast spamming them.
Sure, just when i finally got my Hi-Speed working...
Yeah me too.  Sucks!
Tweet to @AjitPaiFCC and let him know you want to keep Title 2 protections for #NetNeutrality
@AjitPaiFCC is a former @verizon lawyer and cares more about ISPs then the American people
@AjitPaiFCC is also worked for Jeff Sessions
These bastards always go for the money. They were paid off as usual.
Please work hard w GOP to stop this.
This brand of sarcasm is the best.
I need hope..
Sooo... yea or nay?
