Ohe of the most selfish, conceded basketball players of all time.
Yeah, the guy who took less money to bring players in....how selfish
The guy who thought he was the greatest by just bombing shots on a shitty team for years. The truth ... just hurts
Good assists average in general. Had seasons he average like or close to some starting pg. He's a go to guy so he's expected to score.
5.1 career high in assists. Not starting pg numbers, but ok season for sure. Someone who had ball constantly should do that despite all else
Look at career low averages as starting PG of Tony Parker 4.3, Jeff Teague 4.9 Kemba Walker 5.1, George Hill 3.5, and Billups 3.9, etc
That's because they all shoot first point guards, so essentially scoring guards rather than point guards in the true sense of the position
Kemba fosho early Tony Parker yes Billups maybe but Teague and Hill nope Those guys average as many as FGA/game Stockton UR simply ignorant
onceC  alwaysC
He will be allows great and green in my book
Really?  What are his real, authentic alternatives?  Exactly, none.
Go Celtics!!
#TheTruth
u tell me to write, I will send my address or email address to u. How bout it PP, can u do it. Even if it's 1 of your ol jerseys
Celtics would be on fire next season
I'M GOING TO MISS YOU ON THE COURTS.
Not a celtics fan, but would like to see him play for the rest of the season
Signing is to retire him
Yes.agree.ganun nga intention. i was just toying with the idea
Pero he had this whole farewell tour with the clippers di ba.??
Yes, only he can say what his intentions are for doing a one day contract. It is what it is. I guess
Didn't know it was a one day contract at the time.  Guilty of commenting w/o reading. 
we all do it sometimes. Info overload
Why did I get a notification for this. Literally no one cares @Tcreager24  
Yes i am so happy
This is a joke, right? @wade_wilson
I didn't know... That's awesome 
Seems so contrived. Next you'll see Chicago signing Jordan to a 1-day contract so that he can retire a Bull.... #RollsEyes
New Legends coming out & check out the sick display Hasbro set up 
Sweet display. Seeing the new Cable makes me happy that I didn't bite on that Juggernaut BAF wave one. ...
Good play homie enjoy the rest of life @paulpierce34
I'm so excited, I Bleed GREEN, my team, America's team, I always say. Will someone PLEEEZE send me a cap, shirt anything..thx
yay!!! #thetruth
But dat red @WashWizards shirt underneath tho!
bring somemore players  back. Warriors wont stand a chance, sorry KD, not sorry. Lebron is thru.
Where Rondo perkins green bg baby
yes Paul Pierce 
IS HIS JERSEY IN THE SHOP!?
omg, can't wait 4 the Season 2 strt. I ws raised n Bos. & I luvv P.P.  neva mised a game wen parish, dj, bird, McHal played. Rndo 
@seizenine que zapas son?
Nike Sharkley, un híbrido que llevó en su época de Boston.
Esa suela es de las jordan 11 no?
La foto engaña, en realidad no se parece mucho.
Cierto 
Only thing good to come out of Kansas
That what's up
...And that's THE TRUTH!
Paul is now a Celtic legend forever! Thanks for your hard work and dedication!
Aaaa ta gordito 
Stuck around though thick and thin .my friends that's not a selfish man and that's the TRUTH  !!!! # champion  #  talk to the ring cory,
Nothing but the Truth. I remember vividly when he almost died from being stabbed in a nightclub early in his career. He grew up quick!
welcome back home we truth
@paulpierce34 just needs to retire and go away!
Paulie's Back!
This Is The Only Place He Should Retire!

Forever my favorite player since his Kansas days! Love you Paul
Shoulda had the 2010 banner too...
As he should!!  Happy girl.
Congratulations 
@ManniiD 
Gran noticia. 
Oh wait he didn't retire 10 years ago? He's still relative?
He deserves more play. Experience will count
He should have never been traded.
Only makes sense. #15YearsInGreen #2008Champs
The Truth returns.
Go play for them one more time
oh no
with a Clippers shirt under?? Haha
Your team is garbage 
Should be signed contract in a wheel chair then sprung up and dunked on someone.
The way it should be

Hope he can do for this team what he did for Brooklyn

@nappyboytellem
Warms the heart to see him in green
Truth! Welcome back!
Yes!!!!  I knew it!!  Thank you @paulpierce34!!!
Tell him to just retire now fam
I'd be lieing if I didn't say I'd love to see him play 1 last season here
when do nba change to nike??
I remember a dagger 3-pointer on LeBron in Game 5 in 2012 ECF in final minutes to give C's a 3-2 lead. Awwwwch - that hurt me so deep.
The truth
愿你走出半生，归来仍是少年
@paulpierce34 4-EVER "A" 
POETRY IN MOTION!!!! and that's the TRUTH.....ruth!
@paulpierce34 my fave @NBA player, 2008 Finals MVP/Champion/All-Star/3 Point King/defeated Kobe/LeBron in a series #PaulPierce #Celtics #NBA
Great great great player, and that's the Truth!  Thank you Paul Pierce!
Boston will never be the same
Nothing but respect for him,

Even as a Magic fan
"THE TRUTH"
Retour au source pour mon polo
This makes me  but also 
They don't love you like that - @Money23Green
That's how it's supposed to be best wishes.
is he going to play next season?
HISTORY MADE!! OLD BUT GOLD!
Legend
last pic is amazing with the 2008 banner :D well done C's
U faked that good paul but U guys got us N '08 &we got it back in 2010 thanks4lettting my generationvs LAL #NBA finals #lakeshow #respect
Beautiful
. @paulpierce34 never forget budddy! You left @MettaWorldPeace open 
Respect. From a die hard lakers fan !
Play off the bench letsss gooooo
THE TRUTH 
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!
i like paul. my loath for the celts only equal to the lakers. this is fucking lame.
Welcome back home the truth
Glad to see him retire in the place where it all started for him 
Play for one last season.
What is green, will dead green. 
Wish hed pull a Ric Flair, tear up the retirement papers and say ILL NEVER RETIRE!!!! Then be in the starting lineup on opening night
Overrated
How long is the contract?
So happy to see him end his career as a Celtic. Top 5 Celtic of all time in my opinion
http://Best.news.today .
The Truth, my favorite player!
@MissionsCapeCod
34番お帰りなさい
日本から応援してます！！
プレーを見られるのが楽しみ
Welcome Back Home 34
Thank you
Thank you, Celtics for doing the right thing and thank you,Paul -- I am 62 & lifetime C's fan! U R in my top 3 to wear uni
legends are forever
Nice
My mans about to retire sad af
The Truth 

As he should
As it should be!
Hope to see the jersey go up to the rafters
Awsome. Stuff
Thanks for the memories PP. Thanks for taking us along on a great ride.
Es el 1 y tiene la sangre verde como pocos
This just makes my day!
Never heard of him
Fitting end for one of my favorites!
@NBATV awesome
What you want

Thank you Paul for the great memories. 
I'm a NY Knicks fan and a fan of yours. 
God bless.


Just retire my guy
welcome back#TheTruth
Thank you thank you thank you, this makes me so happy.  Welcome home Truth, wrapping it up where it should be!
@paulpierce34  As it should be after a great career.  As a Celtics fan, thank you for your game and class.  Congrats! #TheTruth!
Loved you as a Celtic.  Sad that your  retiring, but, happy you are still recognized as a Celtic!  Best wishes in whatever you do!

All I got to say is "THE TRUTH"

One of a handful of all time great Celtics.
Amare's follower!
As he should
Thank you, @paulpierce34!
Thank you Paul Pierce for the best years of your life
Thank you Truth!  @paulpierce34
I love you Paul Pierce!! I couldn't watch you play in any other uniform but the Celtics one, you are so special!
This feels good! Paul Pierce you are truly one the greats in green!
Thanks @BostonCeltics for doing right thing, and thanks to #paulpierce34 for your commitment and love of basketball and Boston. #TheTruth
Tears tho
Well deserved.  I remember meeting you in Dallas smoking a stogie at Havana social lounge in Victory Park.
@LowellSainter
im not crying you're crying
Only fitting. Congrats Paul! Celtic 4Life!!
Fuck paul pierce #theydontloveyoulikethat #noKobetour
The celtics fans love him like Kobe, and he didn't ask for a farewell tour.
I'm just here to piss off whack ass celtic stans
Perfect!
He would make a great Celtic VP of Talent or something so he would stay around Boston and go to games so fans can enjoy seeing him. TRUTH!
That's great. 34 to the rafters
@msmolak33
If my Twitter name doesn't already give it away. Favorite #Celtic. Love his game. Never forget. #GreatinGreen. #Legend
Love it, great move by the Celtics, wish he would suit up for the first game, I'll be there just Incase!!! #gogreen #theTruth
The Truth! A true Legend of the game! 
Well deserved @paulpierce34 and thank you @celtics for bringing him back.
Had season tickets for years until he left. Absolutely great player and person. Thank you for coming home where you truly belong. The Truth.

Paul Pierce will always be #TheTruth
PP !!
First #TheTruth can help us raise Banner 18, and THEN, we can retire Number 34!
The Truth. 
The TRUTH.
As it should be. Congratulations @paulpierce34 and thank you @celtics. #TheTruth     
Thank you
This is . You mind if I share this?
Thank you! It's okay 

You can't handle the truth!!
Pierce retired and was wheeled away in a chair but WAIT HE'S BACK ON THE FLOOR!!!!
@jayzkieeeee
He deserves to retire in green. Thanks for letting us borrow #TheTruth for a couple of seasons. #Legend
“@celtics: Paul Pierce will retire in green 

Best news I've heard all day! 

: http://on.nba.com/2u2GNCF  ”
Congratulations.
Ain't it The Truth!!! 
<3 <3 <3
That was a classy move by Boston!
DON'T RETIRE! @paulpierce34
I can stop worrying about #TheTruth kicking the tar out my @Lakers. Thanks for your hard work, @paulpierce34. #purplerespectsgreen
This is the most beautiful thing I have ever witness, even when I get married and have kids, those moments don't hold a candle to this!
Congrats to Paul on a fine career and being a great role model for all of us.      Chuck ( Bulls/MJ fan)
Legend
The Truth will see his number in the rafters someday.
@paulpierce34 Great news!  Paul, did you call bank?  Nope, I called game.  Greatest post-game interview response ever.
I really wish you would let @paulpierce34 suit up for even 10 seconds at your 1st HOME preseason game.
Awesome
Congratulations #TheTruth
https://youtu.be/ZDJYvfmKG6Q 
@paulpierce34 #thetruth one of the greatest Celtics ever! Thanks for the memories! #celticslegend
Classy move Celtics
ugh yes 
