Here's my advice. Turn off cable. Don't watch @realDonaldTrump's NRA speech. Instead, think about who we are fighting for.
Ana Márquez-Greene, age 6
Jessica Ghawi, age 24
Jordan Davis, age 17
Benjamin Wheeler, age 6
Hadiya Pendleton, age 15
Alison Parker, age 24
Daniel Barden, age 7
Christopher Lavell Jones, age 17
Christopher Ross Michaels-Martinez, age 20
Terrell Bosley, age 18
Dylan Hockley, age 6
That's who we fight for. And with 90% of Americans and 80% of gun owners on our side, we can't lose.  Let's get to it.
If you lead the citizens of Newton in a march on Jones' studio I'm positive thousands of Americans will join you.
Thank you for reminding us. Too many gun violence victims in this country.
Don't forget...to make it easier for the mentally unstable to purchase guns, too!
Thank you Senator @ChrisMurphyCT. I appreciate your solemn remembrance of those souls who lost their lives at the hands of gun violence.
So owning guns makes you a criminal now?
The Secret Service said no firearms at @POTUS speech. You can carry at #NRAAM2017. Get your facts straight
You take guns from citizens who got them legally, all you have left are the ones (CRIMINALS) who got them illegally. #STUPIDITYDOESNTPAY
If guns are so great, why can't people bring them to the NRA event?
Because like all things Republican, until it affects your personally it's not a problem.
American Terrorist
You know nothing about the NRA
I know less than the parents of children slain.  49x higher than average of other industrialized countrys.  But hey. Merica
I'm sorry sir but this is not the way there will be many more trumps in WH if dems keep this up I'm a dem and carry a gun
I'm a dem and carry a shotgun each weekend. I support sensible gun control.
Only 1 in 36 homicides in the US were justifiable and helped protect an innocent person.
You should maybe not reference such a disreputable organization in any argument.
If you dispute the numbers, I welcome your contrary evidence. NRA sells annual memberships and is sponsored by gun cos. VPC is nonprofit.
My point is you're using an organization that is widely known for questionable practices. Actual numbers not reliably known. However, 1/2
Blows my mind at how lax US gun laws are.  People need to remember the people behind the stats #gunsense
When a toddler can access a gun and shoot his mother in the back, laws are too loose.
You're mentally ill.. Law abiding firearm owners are criminals? You wonder why Dims lost 4 election cycles?
That isn't what he wrote
Read again
You want to criminalize me and every law abiding gun owner, 80,000,000 of us.  Try and take them and you will see why we have the 2nd amend.
I am an example of criminalizing lawful gun owners while a fleet of SWAT invaded my home & stole everything of value #nocrime #swarinvasion
Wait, your one of our "leaders" and you don't know gun laws? Wow....scary! No wonder our country is such a mess with "leaders" like you!
So wait a second... soooo all lawful gun owners a now "criminals"?  You might want to retract that asinine statement
Unfortunately, Murphy and Malloy have already criminalized lawful gun owners. I am one of them; 1.2 mil bond and stolen private property
However guns are banned from the event with trump present. #hypocrite
That's why you loathe guns, YOUR psychosis
I think she needs some help. What has Obama, his Administration, and Hillary do to these people? I can't believe how much they believe them!
And it'll be a gun-free zone!  The irony.
Why is THE NRA GUN FREE
maybe they know a "my gun is bigger than yours" festival likely ends up with a bang.
Because the US Secret Service does not allow firearms in the room with the President. It ain't an NRA thing dolt.
I'd like to see the data that shows nra supports criminals to own guns. #theconstitution.
So you are ok with killing babies that are unborn but grandstand gun control showing children killed?  #opportunist #hypocrite
I have several guns. I AM NOT a criminal.
Take a look at my story...the real story by Norm Patti & Michael Volpe. Murphy & Malloy stole my guns, ammo, computers & evnything of value.
Since your into statistics, how many were killed by a legally permitted firearm?
I haven't seen a single statistic from Murphy
To protect ourselves. Because bad guys will have guns.Stop using the dead but if you can't-how about the ultrasound pictures of the unborn?
Gun owners should be able to defend their views w/o bringing up abortion. Murder is illegal. Abortion is not. Despite personal views, (1)
those are the facts. I am not trying to take away guns from responsible owners, but at some point gun owners need to find answers for (2)
NRA is the true threat to America not ISIS! Guns in the hands of Criminals and the Insane! How many more Mass Shootings must we endure?
Where does anyone say the NRA supports criminals having firearms beside in the biased media?
Trump signed a bill for the mentally ill 2 be able to by a firearm I thought
Do research, don't believe the misleadia
What News Outlet would that be? Fox News? Give me a Break! NY Times,ABC,CBS,MSNBC,I'll stick with the Real News!#TrumpRussia#TrumpColluded
That the law will allow people with mental challenges to own one is way over my head in comprehension.
Don't forget that even blind people have gun rights. I am not kidding.
All because it's a Constitutional Right.
Time to #RepealThe2nd.
Won't ever happen. And that's a good thing. My guns have never hurt anyone, and it's not because they are defective or anything.
As a responsible gun owner, please talk to others like yourself to determine ways to better protect our communities from criminal gun (1)
owners while protecting your 2nd Amend rights. Responsible gun owners need to become part of the discussion rather than the opposition (2)
to liberals. "Good guy w/a gun" as protection against criminals is not a real answer. What do you think would help to improve gun safety?
That IS a real answer. All law abiding citizens should carry. Lits of crimes would be stopped/prevented.
Obama is only president ever to speak at Planned Parenthood which has murdered over 58,000,000 babies.
*fetuses
Beating heart = life
Beating heart =/= baby.
Cows and pigs have beating hearts. Also not babies.
And what about the unborn, why don't protect life from the moment of conception
These issues have to be kept separate. Confusing gun legislation w/abortion does not help. Murder is illegal. Abortion is as legal as gun (1
ownership. If you don't like abortion, then fight against abortion. Comments for or against abortion have no place in convos about gun (2)
legislation. You may believe that it is immoral for someone to be pro-choice and anti-gun. Likewise, the other side feels it is immoral (3)
to be pro-life and pro-gun. The arguments & issues have to be kept separate if convos can ever move forward.
Can we just label the NRA a terrorist organization?
So can we label @PPact the same?
A heath organization? You're fucking adorable.
They kill babies don't they.  #adorable
Whereas the fucking NRA wants felons, the mentality unstable, and anyone who can breathe to own a gun, just to increase profit margins
Aside from the media saying so, where has the NRA ever called for criminals to own guns? Oh yeah, nowhere.
Indirecty through pushing for lax gun laws, promoting gun shows where no background checks occur...
Every gun I have ever bought from a show I have had to do a background check and wait 24 hrs to pick up.  a must unless considered a relic
80% of this country support background checks. Let us see if this backfires on him. What's Con's approval rating this week?
Poorly done here. I could show pics of people killed by cars, planes, knives, mental issues but we do not outlaw these. @foxandfriends @NRA
Nobody there advocates or celebrates criminals owning guns- something that's illegal. Try not being so stupid next time.
Everyone who's lost a child to gun violence should send their picture to Trump, since he's so moved by dead babies. Flood his twitter.
Fantastic idea
Thank you Senator for standing up for ALL Americans, unlike our current @Potus only speaks for people who line his pocket and applaud.
Murphy does not stand up for ALL Americans; a large amount of us disagree with everything he says or does
Equal rights for all Americans under the US constitution
Yes, and Murphy does not understand it is our right to have firearms, I am glad you understand
Yes. And life and liberty means for all
At an event in which guns are not allowed. My irony meter just broke again.
Don't the Secret Service know that it would be safer if everyone had guns in there? Are they anti-second amendment?
@amazinmikey @realDonaldTrump remember Sandy Hook while you stand on that stage
He won't, but good thought.
Maybe we should all stop listening to cable "news" with exception of BBC.   I hear no explosions outside, no gunfire, just weedeaters.
You have an uncanny ability to fit lying hyperbole into a tweet 
that would look the same coming from either end of your digestive tract.
Oh and Chris, get over yourself. No one really cares what you have to say.
Just look at Venezuela. That's why our founders were smart to enshrine our right in the Second Amendment.
Did you show any car wrecks after any DOT meeting???
And they did not allow guns into the rally.  Something is wrong with that msg.
Oh Democrat.........you gonna cry about anything and everything. Pitiful, go kill some more babies, open UR door to a terrorist or MS-13
You guys need to stop infringing on our #2A rights. Trump doesn't want bad guys to have guns. He wants good people to be able to defend
At an event that they stopped the glorified gun toting NRA from bringing guns to. Why not? Free for all! Have at 'em.  Live what you preach
Hmmm the same guns our soldiers defend your freedom with...fn cowardly remark..
Just wondering how the heck you got elected...
This is a father that raised a spoiled boy who pays to bait magnificent creatures in Africa so he can take their lives for trophies.#loser
While banning fire arms at the Rally
The NRA needs armed felons, and the like, for their expertise to presipitate their cause, increasing/forming a bigoted White Supremacist org
Remember Sandy Hook
@Charlen92128804 @realDonaldTrump

@RNRMaryland @realDonaldTrump what weapon do you choose to defend yourself & family. A stick !!
Remember the Oath of Office Senator? Go re-read it, think about living by it
The Blood of Children means Nothing to @realDonaldTrump or @SpeakerRyan The @HouseGOP or @NRA
Remember YEMEN RAID??
12 children and the Navy SEAL killed.
He called it a success-HEARTLESS!!
Make sense for fake @potus to be side of the terrorist organisation NRA. After all, it is infested of #maga oafs, its only supporters.
Who is celebrating the right of criminals to own guns?

I'm pretty sure that NO ONE IS.
Thank you, Senator... a voice of reason
That would be the Constitutional right of Americans to keep and bear arms. Remember the Constitution you took an oath to defend
Murphy, can you cite your source for your tweet, or are you just blowing smoke out of your Neo-Marxist Regressive Leftist ass...again?
Ironic, because anyone with a criminal record isn't legally allowed to own a gun.
Please show documented sources where the #nra promoted gun ownership for criminals

I'll wait 

#gunsense
#molonlabe
#2a
So the NRA had these people murdered?   Don't be so foolish with broad statements like that! 
As an Australian I just don't understand the US obsession with encouraging death
Where are the pics of all the people who saved their own or others lives with a personal firearm? Oh, you don't want to talk about that...
Like you glorified Eric Holder shipping Arms to Mexican drug lords!?
You are absurd, sir. There're laws against criminals.I've carried for almost 30 years & haven't killed anyone. Your slip is showing, girly.
I did, however, chase off two men who were breaking into my house. Not one shot needed to be fired.
Keep pushing your lies, just realize that the majority of American's aren't buying them.
So NRA members are criminals?
Most gun violence happens in DEMOCRAT controlled cities that make it hard to own a gun. You are the criminals.
Yet another #Idiot
.@realDonaldTrump about to take stage at NRA, to celebrate right of criminals to own guns, to glorify weapons that kill
Here's my take: Stop pandering and fearmongering and DEFEND THE CONSTITUTION for once.
People with guns easily kill other people
Murphy - UR LIAR! He is allowing law abiding citizens to protect themselves & families. U R despicable!
Convicted criminals are not allowed to own guns, people who do not break the law are not criminals, where do you get off
Citations please.
.@POTUS knows ZERO about guns while his sons Uday and Qusay kill endangered species in Africa. Be REAL men-volunteer handing out food for UN
Fighting for keeping LEAD in bullets! YAY! 
The only celebration I see going on in DC is when liberals use courts to block real progress in the fight to keep us safe.
He is supporting the rights of law abiding citizens to own guns.  You on the other hand support criminals being in the country illegally.
Stupidest thing I've heard a senator say all day, congrats #fuckboy
By definition, criminals do not have right to own guns. The right lies with law abiding citizens, including many of your constituents.
These are the pics we need to view if it's ever to stop.
h/t @mockumatrix
That was an idiotic statement even for you, a noted purveyor of idiotic statements
You sir are 1 of the most irresponsible USA citizens to ever open his or her mouth and speak, no wonder your party keeps losing
First amendment right...not to be taken away.  You should focus on the major problems in your own State.  #snowflake
Well done
Yep, we need guns to protect us from the CRIMINALS you liberals let into the USA and let out of jails early.
I'm assuming the "CT" stands for "cunt"...?
I see even after you've hit bottom, you continue to dig. Have your staff look into Title 18 USC Chap 44 Sec 922, then apologize.
So now gun owners are criminals, yes please run with that. Democrats didn't learn their lesson in 2010
At an event where guns are not allowed. #Ironic
Lie.  Secrete service won't allow guns at the event.
Yet no one in the audience could have one! #nradoublestandard
THANKS for showing  LIB IDIOCY & Anti-Constitution Bias
once again !
You are an uniformed and uneducated on a subject you obviously no nothing about. A criminal killed the people you are exploiting, not a gun.
This is going to kill gun sales.  The nutballs will just be more proud of the ones they already have. No need to buy to avoid a new ban
That statement doesn't even make any sense. Your a fool.
I love so much politicians spew pure lies. Trump specified in his remarks "Law abiding gun owners" you liar!
. Criminals can NOT legally own guns! #DoYourJob Stop letting them out!
Wow. Way to stereotype me, a member of that audience, and your constituents I met there.
Thank you sir. And to the ghoulish gun nuts responding to this thread, pray that God forgives you. I sure as hell don't.
Thanks to @POTUS now the severely mentally ill can purchase firearms. Winning!
Quick question: Does anybody even know whether POTUS owns a firearm? Can't be a member of the association without one.
Don't forget about the right to carry a gun if you are mentally ill!!
Hey Chris, here's my advice, try reading the laws already on the books.
Wait... so there are weapons that don't kill??....
Another tragedy for  @ChrisMurphyCT to use for his own political benefit. @shameful
The rights?..I am sure you know that isn't true Senator..but clever wording can demonize anyone..and isn't that what politicians do best?
You are a brazen liar.
And yet, everywhere POTUS goes, no guns allowed. Hypocrisy at its worst.
Those are his people.
Thank you for your courage in standing up to NRA! Stay steady on the path
He's just playing the gun toting idiots who voted 4 him while he doesn't believe his own crap, scuse my French.
Here's my advice, buzz off liberal.
Before this is over every SJW is going to be out of work. EVERY SINGLE ONE. From Judges to performers to products. Making a list. /pol/ 
Not following. Aren't criminals the only ones NOT allowed to own guns? He trying to repeal that or something?
Lying about the NRA doesn't do a thing for you!
you need help pal. You should resign. You obviously hate the 2A.
@RememberObama @realDonaldTrump The NRA was not allowed 2 bring their guns in convention with dt.I don't understand that?LOL!
The greatest threat to humanity is ignorance.  You wave yours around like a toddler trying to eat spaghetti.
And to talk about the "war on guns and 2nd amendment" that never happened
Republicans..i used to be one...never again! @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader @marcorubio @SenJohnMcCain
"right of criminals to own guns"  your lies only work on the mindless
Thank you for standing by your values!
Criminals are criminals..they want to kill they will find a way.
Interestng tht cities wth the toughst gun laws hve th most gun violence. B'cause whn lawabidng citizens cant get guns, criminals  still can
Wow Chris! You'd think someone in your position would know a bit about gun laws/restrictions and firearms...
U r the problem, keep focusing on inanimate objects & blaming NRA 4 a problem progressive criminal coddling created
.@realDonaldTrump about to take stage at NRA, to celebrate right of criminals to own guns, to glorify weapons that kill

Too bad none of those people or the people who loved them had a gun, they might have had a fighting chance.
Here's my advice, enforce the gun laws already passed. Gun owners do not celebrate criminals, that would be liberals.
you can never trust a demoncRAT. they hate America, They hate Americans, They hate the US Constitution. #neverdemocrats #eradicateliberalism
You're delusional.
Wait what Criminals dont follow laws Um isnt that what makes them criminals?Felons register a guns?DAs need stop dropping gun charges 4pleas
Uhm, criminals aren't the ones that are supposed to have them.  And others should!
Can you please illustrate where the "right of criminals to own guns" is celebrated?
Federal law prohibits criminal ownership
#gunsense
The NRA is no mere lobby, they have Congress in a choke hold. Gun deaths are a plague and yet....
Still have a bullet stuck in my leg, because people like Trump want to defend violence.

criminals?! WTF ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?! THE NRA WROTE BACKGROUND CHECK LAWS, YOU IGNORANT F$&&!!!!!!!!
#NRApuppet Trump owes #NRA for huge donations to his Pres. campaign. Surprised he has not put Wayne L.P. on his cabinet...yet!
Wayne makes more money scamming than he ever would working for Trump. Don the Con is an amateur compared to Wayne.

He also likes to "suggest" violence to his political enemies...
The "National Security" prez ironically supports the biggest threat 2 National Security... guns, especially in the hands of the mentally ill
Please provide evidence of the NRA endorsing criminals owning firearms
You just described Chicago, Baltimore and Oakland perfectly. How has the gun laws worked out?
Enough Americans dead for you, yet?
#2A
How does he sleep at night ... shameful isn't it
I wish attendees at Trump's NRA talk could pack concealed weapons. Might cause some rethinking.
I'm not from your state but you represent many breathing Americans who need you to succeed, thanks!.
Thank you for being one of the few rational, sane voices of the Senate.  Keep up the fight against #GUNviolence
Actually, Senator, criminals can't legally own guns. I thought as Senator you would know that.....
This is how well gun laws work ... knives are illegal there #gunsense #phail https://twitter.com/V_of_Europe/status/858282553891065856 …
meanwhile, no guns allowed at the event.    What a snowflake he is/they are!
It's a constitutional right. 
Are you really that ignorant about the #NRA, or are you intentionally spreading lies?
