Again I say, the time spent on the repeal and replace rhetoric, could have been spent on repair and fix. People first not party....
@CNNPolitics @MSNBC I think we all know this is fake news from the Democrats please tell the truth Quit scaring people
I hope @GOP is listening. I think they lack the backbone to stand up and do what is right.
Sen.Heitkamp IS Right On!! Americans ARE Human Beings,Not objects to be tossed around by McConnell,Ryan& rest of Republican Party politics!!
Why isn't the cost of all health care needs being addressed?  The Pharmaceutical and Insurance companies need to be investigated.  Costs
I noticed the Twitter is really monitoring everything I say why
@TheDemocrats @SenatorHeitkamp Don't believe scare tactics. Wait and see before mouthing off!

@AFLCIO Problem w/employer based insurance is that when 1 gets too sick to work, 1's whole family loses the very health insurance they need 
Your king obama didn't do it for insurance he did it for money he was like a teen girl with daddy's credit card spend spend spend
.
TERRORIST DEM ACA NOW NO ONE HAS COVERAGE.. NO NOT ONE.. NO ONE CAN AFFORD, DEDUCTIBLES SO HIGH NO ONE CAN USE.. PLANNED GENOCIDE OF POOR
Yeah. That's because your party MADE it about politics,  making health ins decisions the role of the fed govt.
Wrong!!! Repeal and replace Obamacare!!! Respect life!!!
@TheDemocrats @SenatorHeitkamp  They r mad because they going!! to hurt middle class, seniors and the poor!!

This is the kind of leadership we need in Washington DC. We need more leaders like her 2get things done. PEOPLE &COUNTRY B4 PROFITS & PARTY.
Americans are now the Democrats because they will not lift a finger to help us get good health care shame on you
How shameful the Democrats will not lift a finger to help us they're all narcissistic-self-centered
The politics part was for the most part created by Socialist Obama, so in fact, the DEMS are blaming themselves here.
Interesting admission coming from the party that brought us #ObamaScamCare
Shes done next year. Hitching your wagon to Pelosi and Clinton is not a winning strategy in NORTH DAKOTA. Keep up the ideology tests loosers
Yeah, that Obama guy ruined our health care and Dems helped that happen.
#Democratic Party corruption: Dem rep paid sister's law firm $80,000 from campaign funds this year |
Senator Heitkamp hit the nail on the head. Leadership and the need for Democrats and Republicans to sit down together to fix ACA.
I think the Democrats are bunch of lazy pigs shame on them for not helping the people of America
Yes!
 BRAVO BRAVO BRAVO 
Yes. Work for the people.
So true!!! Trump and GOP have turn this into a political agenda instead of medical care for the people!
She's right, but Dems r just as much to blame, when O care is failing & their still saying it's great HC  you know it's about Obama legacy.
Duh!!!'
Unless you're advocating for universal healthcare, you're playing politics too. Sick of these hypocrites.
I agree with all of that except the fault! Dems need to come to table! Your losing everywhere because your ideas make things worse! Wake up!
No it's been about Speaking a HC Bill for a TAX BILL
So pass Single-payer aka Universal Healthcare and move on. @SenateDems
@republicans & Obama started all the political crap when he disregarded the majority opinion of America's people & shoved it up our rears.
No problem stop the division The Witch Hunt and the riots
This latest health care bill is more extremely horrible then Trump. A huge part is that it eliminates Medicaid.
We are scared, angry,frustrated and these politicians are only concern with how much money their linings their pockets!
ITS JUST ALLL IN THE GAME !
we are angry and will not forget 2018 is around the corner


@SenateDems @SenatorHeitkamp Until private insurance becomes affordable to everyone, healthcare will ALWAYS be about politics.
Russia always Saudi they would take us down from the inside out and U guys are letting it happen w/ UR resistance u must B working W/ them
We're angry b/c U were elected 2 WORK together & do something not resist act w/respect & responsibility U R playing into Russia hands
America is tired of both representatives and tired of you agendas that do not take into account our America and us. Time for change

we are! we are mad at CONGRESS because they do nothing. look in the mirror you goof!
Get business out of our government & out of our healthcare.
Oh, I don't know, maybe because we were all used as pawns by Republicans and Trump and Russia in most recent election, etc?
Beautifully said Senator Heitkamp!  Thank you for fighting for those you serve-everyone! I hope others share across social medias. God bless

This is an awesome video. She's right. Never been more terrified. This is as to glimpse why.
 “What Medicaid Does for Kids Like Mine” 

#ACA #SaveMedicaid #Medicaid #BCRA #ACHA @SenateGOP @SenateDems 
THANK YOU! Not that I'm holding my breath.
Correct Please work and support our POTUS! Good Speech. Pls investigate Rice, Comey, HRC, Lynch, DNC. Thank you
Americans are angry that 800 billion is being stripped from Obamacare, while Trump tries to gag the Press and pass a death care bill.
It has been since slick and Hillary..tell us something we don't know...geeze
@HouseGOP. you should except this challenge. you all know the why @realDonaldTrump doesn't anwer questions? because, he isn't qualified
We're angry because promises were broken by both sides of the aisle.
True - Blame Obama for lying over and over to pass the failure we all call #Obamacare
Angry at yous for been about politics not what is best for d American taxpayers best interests. Angry at yous behavior 
we as people should be afraid because this down right frighting.
people are scared...
Thank you Senator Heitkamp, please also support @SenSanders Single Payer Health Care Plan.
Yes to commit more fraud in favor of his pocket and friends.
#ChildrenOfTheCorn  IF YOU TELL A BIG ENOUGH LIE AND TELL IT FREQUENTLY ENOUGH,IT WILL BE BELIEVED with fear about Medicaid
cuts #MAGA
You rocked it! So proud of you! Now get a room w all dems and create a framework and let the people SEE you are doing it. Reps will come
This Senator is on the right path. I was wondering when a woman would say this.
This.
