stop creating chaos & division Americans want borders & imm laws that r followed #WhyTrumpWon
all who were detained/turned back were coming here legally. we can debate about the wall but don't mix issues
that's a very broad statement & if introducing a new protocol caused inconvenience to some its small price to pay 4 safety
it's not a broad statement- unless there were ppl turned back at land borders that I don't know about. Those affected by EO..
vetting system in place not adequate if a few are inconvenienced while new protocols put in place small price to pay 4 safety
it feels deeper than inconvenience to the affected. We are alienating ppl who are or should be friends
.@SenatorHeitkamp A Democrat in a very red state, saying what is right, and not giving a damn about reelection. #MuslimBan
.@SenatorHeitkamp #MuslimBan #RefugeesWelcome
Do you lock your door on your house? If yes you're a hypocrite, if no let them live with YOU!
I lock the door because of psychos like you.
For defending the constitution, doing what is right verses what is politically expedite (staying silent)- Thank you
thank you for speaking out. Your courage and your principled stand is commendable.
Shame, shame for your Pruitt vote. I suppose you lack a conscience to haunt you.
Thank you Senator.  i know that you live i a very red state but standing up for what is right is the American way.
thank you! You represent the ND that I'm proud to say I was born and raised in!
.@SenatorHeitkamp You know, of course, you will be a one-term Senator, don't you?
what is ur plan to keep us safe
London Muslims Chant,USA You Will Pay! Caliphate On It's Way!"
Well it's about damn time!  Thank u 4 finally showing the courage 2 stand up to the monstrosity occupying the WH. 
Thank you Senator. Please vote No to his cabinet. President Bannon is ruining our country.
thank you for standing on side of humanity and what is right. We support you!!
unless it supports it, not interested.
for what it's worth, heartfelt thanks from NYC!
Thank you so much I really enjoyed reading that!
I was born & raised in Mandan, ND. My wife & family are affected by ban. I urge you to back this statement up w/ action.
Thanks you Senator! Please know that the millions of people who have marched in opposition to Trump these past weeks have your back!
thank you for fighting for our democracy. We will stand with you #Solidarity
excellent statement
I didn't see a tweet on this back in your timeline...
Thank you for your bravery and compassion, Honorable Senator.
Have you ever considered running for President? America needs a leader with erudition and courage — sure sounds like you.
my California senators won't lose votes by speaking out. You will. I wish there were more like you. This is leadership.
Thank you for your stand.
Well said.
Thank you for standing up for people who are Muslims, refugees, and immigrants. We are strong when we welcome everyone!
@SenJohnHoeven One senator from North Dakota took a stand for human rights and American values. Where do you stand?
Thank you.
thank you! The only brave legislator in ND is a women!
Thanks for having integrity.
very well stated Senator! Now what about @SenJohnHoeven  & @RepKevinCramer  what do you BELIEVE is morally right?
Thank you for protecting American values. We don't detain legal immigrants and refugees. #FireBannon #impeachtrump
Agreed on statement.  What will you do now to oppose Trump's unconstitutional actions, @SenatorHeitkamp ?
So senator, what are you doing to change things?
Proud of you! FYI you left out Steve Jobs, whose father immigrated from Syria. Apple currently Num 1 in world by market cap
Thank you!
Thank you for saying this.
thank you Senators r for speaking up!!
Courage. Thanks.
Thank you for such powerful words Sen. Heitkamp. It brought tears to my eyes. You are an American gem.
thank you Senator. I wish more of your colleagues would put what's right ahead of getting reelected.
Thank you, Sen. Heitkamp!  Thank you for standing up for our Constitutional rights!  Keep speaking.  Keep leading!
Thank you Senator. As a very soon-to-be North Dakota voter, I ask you to work with other ND reps to repeal this ban on refugees.
you could help him instead of combat him!!!!!
and should continue to do so. But it seems that DJT is the only one who is at least trying to fix this problem. Perhaps...
I am not certain you have your facts checked? But in the other hand I do agree that this country is built by immigration...
the media outlets there have been a number of attacks on US soil September of 2011. In the name of Islamic extremists...
is Trump really closing the doors or just instilling a means to properly vet people who wish to come to America? As per ...
There are still honest patriots on congress thank you will not be forgotten
Thank you @SenatorHeitkamp, means a lot
Grandpa Joseph Stubbs (Ireland), Grandma Mary Moore (Canada) and Grandma Amelia Boehm (Germany) built North Dakota. Thanks.
Thank you
No more STATEMENTS, Sen. H. We need you to ACT.
Thank you Sen Heitkamp for speaking out. I appreciate your words.
Thank you, courageous Senator.
thank you for standing up for what’s right.
Thank you for speaking out on behalf of goodness and compassion, Senator. We support you. #MuslimBan #RefugeesWelcome
<<<< This Senator Who Doesn't Give A SHIT About Her Constituents - The Water Protectors - HYPOCRITE
Thank you so much, Senator, for your compassion and consistency with American values.

We will remember this.
Thank you for your statement. I hope you will act to follow up on the words.
Thank you, Senator!
another one of the trump trolls dance puppet
Thanks Senator. You are on the right side of history.
Thank you Senator.
Thank you!
"We must be America."  Great line in brave, morally right, and astute statement.  Thanks for being an inspiration.
@RepCharlieDent @SenatorHeitkamp Thank you. We will remember you opposed these un-American WH actions. #MuslimBan #savescience #altepa
As a liberal not even from your state, this is a very brave thing to do, and I hope more of your peers follow suit.

Why did you lie about the EO?
brava! Beautiful and what a true leader should sound like.
Thank You Senator!
Another demonstration of courage and moral fortitude.  Both of which @SpeakerRyan is severely lacking.  #MuslimBan
Did you complain when Obama did it last year? http://newobserveronline.com/trumps-muslim-ban-first-ordered-obama/ …
@sparkychick3233 thank you Senator Heitkamp! We have to create united front to protect our freedom and democracy!
thank you!!

thank you!
I'm not a constituent, never even visited ND, but mine is the voice of 1 citizen & veteran who thanks U for your statement.
Thank you Senator.There is a huge vacuum of leadership for the Dems,maybe you could be the one! Take the torch & stop Trump
Thank you, Senator!
thank you for your courage, Senator.
thank you Senator
Thank you for your statement!  Thank you for pointing out the truth!
Thank you for taking a stand!
Thanks, Senator Heitkamp - #Northdakota voter #MuslimBan
thank you.
this ND'an thanks you for speaking up
thank you
Thank you for your moral courage - I pray it will be remembered for what it was.
take that statement and draft it into legislation to be brought before the senate on Monday #MuslimBan
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator!
THANK YOU for your moral voice and your courage in speaking truth to power.
and this North Dakotan will now vote against you in 2018 and work hard for your opponent
Your support is appreciated!
This EO is barbaric. Also, not happy about your DAPL stance. I would not support your candidacy. (I'm in WI, anyway)
Thank you for your leadership.
Thank you for standing up for what is right, Senator!
thank you senator. Common sense, compassion and politics actually can go together.
Well done, Senator.
thank you for finally speaking out against this. It is unconstitutional and wrong.
boss 
Thank you.
thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Thank you for standing up for what is right.  Following.
I promise I'll come work 4 ur reelection. #RESIST.
Bravo
Thankyou. This is what we need
yep she be unemployed in 2018
Thank you for your courage to fight.  Help your fellow Dems find their voices.
Thank you Senator!
You voted for his cabinet appointments - so maybe you could actually do something - like go to JFK?
thank you!
Thank you!
Proud of you!!!
thank you for doing what's right not necessarily what's going to get you elected
Thank you!
thank you for standing up for American values
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you! I live in a "Maroon" state (so red!) so I know it's often difficult to speak out.
a senator with courage and integrity. Thank you.
Thank you! #NoBanNoWall #silenceequalsconsent
thank you Senator Heitkamp!
thank you.
Thank you for having decency, morals, integrity, and upholding American values. 
Excellent response! Thank u for defending the Constitution & American values. I also went to L & C Law - u make us proud.
Nice job.  When they study this years from now you will be on the right side of history.   #StopPresidentBannon
thanks Senator. You disappoint often but understand your State. Stand against trump's SCOTUS pick and we'll stand w/you '18
Thank you for being a real American Senator!
Thanks for your courage.
send them to canada for now if they are so willing...where are the rich mid-east countries?  Saudi? Qatar?
the homeless?  Just walk down 8th ave in NYC ...homeless everywhere.
wow these politicians are really good at press releases.  Wheres the money to pay for refugees? How about helping ...
Up for re-election?
Thank you for speaking out! Between the unconstitutionality of the EO & the placement of #Bannon on the NSC, we must fight!
Thank you, Heidi. Please continue fighting for our country to stay a melting pot, because that's what makes us great.
thank you Senator
Thank you, senator, for standing up for American values.
stay strong and true to your American values. We need you now more than ever.
not really banking on reelection, methinks.  And if you think there was no terrorism during those years, you're a fool.
Thank you for this statement, Senator.

Beautiful, thank you. Now specifically what do you plan to do?
thank you.
Thank you Senator Heitkamp for showing them how it's done! Yay North Dakota!
Thank you for your thoughtful and rational statement on this abhorrent EO. Stay strong, millions have your back.
I am so impressed & grateful. We know this is a politically brave move.
well said, senator.
Thank you.
thank you senator. #courage

In 2017 green card carrying legal aliens were refused entry into the country and threatened deportation. See the difference?
Thank you, Senator.
@chrislhayes Thx. Plz don't bury your comments in FB pages. Shout them out loud. Wouldn't wanna be "primaried".
Senator, how those confirmation votes going? Are U for your people? Or for obvious crazies and lunatics? 2018.
thank you.
The Bannon/Trump ban on muslims feeds ISIS recruiting pipeline with newly radicalized enemies of our nation. Experts agree
Thank you for your courage Senator. Country above  political calculation. History will remember. #standindivisible
hope you enjoyed your senate stay. BYE in 2018! Lol. Seems your constituents voted 4 safety; not transgenders in bathrooms
Thank you for standing up and doing the right thing! Stay woke. #heidiiscool
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you @SenatorHeitkamp
See my statement on President Trump's ban on refugees: http://bit.ly/2k5VLCC 
thanks for having integrity.
God bless you.
thank you for showing some courage
Love it, thank you.
thank you. We need to keep speaking out about this.
thank you for opposing the ban
Thank you for standing up.
great. Now start voting like you disagree with him. Action, not words.
thank you for standing up for our values and security
action is needed Senator. Words aren't enough.
we here in ND know the uphill battle you face. Better to fight hard for what is right and lose than to acquiesce and win
thank you
Thank you for standing up.
Thank you, Senator. That took courage & courage seems to be in short supply in your party right now. #StopPresidentBannon
thanks
Thank you Sen. Heitkamp. We need leaders like you.
You think?? He's a recruitin gift for terrorists
thanks for doing what is right and moral.
a tidal wave is coming. Bye bye Republican party.
excellent statement, thanks for speaking up (moderate swing voter here)
thank you
