Far too often in Congress, politics dictates legislation, and it needs to stop. The bill the Senate voted on tonight was a bad bill.
I could not support a bill that was crafted behind closed doors & would have ripped health care away from tens of thousands of NDans
History will remember where each of us stood during this vote. We should be here to do what is best for the American people.
Many hoped this bill would pass for political reasons, instead it failed for the right reasons - it hurt our neighbors & communities
GOP & Dems should be able to join together to pass transparent, bipar. reforms to improve health care, as I’ve been working to accomplish
For years I’ve said the health reform law isn’t perfect, no law ever is – but we can make it work thru needed reforms
I have many ideas that I’ll keep offering. I’m hopeful there is now an opening for progress. My office door remains wide open.
Cannot support a bill that would rip health care away from tens of thousands of NDans or make it unaffordable. Here's my full statement
ACA needs to be fixed. This would have raised premiums for everyone 20% per yr over 8 yrs, & kick 16 mil off their plan. We can do better.
It simply needs repealed. No fed sponsored healthcare. Let Medicaid be the safety net. Free market and capitalism works. Period!
If that were the case then healthcare would have been stellar before the ACA. If you recall, it was not.
Not at all, but this bill would have made it worse: 20% increases in premiums per year. How is that better?
The AMA, AARP, & virtually every insurer came out against the bill, saying it would lead to lower quality care & higher prices.
Thank you!
Thank you for your vote! You've done your state proud!
Hehehe she will not be reelected. Sorry you might want to cuddle up soon:)
Heidi, increase healthcare costs? This is an insane comment. It couldn't get any worse. Proving the point that gov needs out of healthcare.
Thank you for voting No on these bills.
Sorry, but that is a big excuse for doing the wrong thing. Let the people be free, let the market system work.
this is BS, you don't have North Dakotans applauding your decision, How many calls asked you to vote yes? I know everyone I work with called
You'll lose your seat for this vote. When are you and ur staff going on ObamaCare you hypocrite?  Your staff shd be redoing their resumes.
How about the hard workers that now can't afford health care and had it before Obamacare
But remember when you voted 2 confirm Trumps Supreme Court nominee? How YOU gave him his only victory. And now the court is Fucked. REMEBER?
Time to vote you out
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for your courage to stand tall and on behalf of American people! TY?
Y wld @SenJohnHoeven vote 4 it if it would've "ripped" away health care. 4some reason, I feel all of u should b on same pge & you're not, y?
We know the ACA is not sustainable.  Finally, both sides admit that there is a problem. This is the beginning of a potential solution.
Thank you for your service to Americans above party, subservience to a lying bullying unpatriotic immoral unethical @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for your vote last night. That took courage. Now let's work across the aisle to #FixACA
Thank you!!!!

A critic is someone who has no discernible talent so tries to make someone else feel as useles (The New Democratic Party)
You know what sucks? We have to worry about you in all these votes, because you're not reliable to do the right thing. You're all about you.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator! I am one of your constituents and I, & the ppl I work with, appreciate your vote!!
Thank you!
Senator, thank you for your persistence and hard work in voting and communicating why these bills are bad for NDans!
Thank you
ACA broke the healthcare system. Remember where you were standing when you have done nothing to try and fix it. Due nothing senator
Halt progress there is a new one
Thank you for saving our Healthcare Heidi. Your friend Carter Stone
Thank you Senator! Now will you support a Single Payer bill to ensure Americans have what every other industrialized nation has?
#DidTheRightThing!
Thank you, Sen. Heitkamp!
I don't live in your state but thank you for your no vote. I was so scared it would pass & it would have been a tragedy for the US. Fix ACA
Thank you for California. Thank you so much.
You are a bad senator!
Congratulations! I hate you! Ur a traitor to the American people! Go live in a Commie country u Globalist cheating liar!
Get some sleep, Senator, you look exhausted. Good work. G'night.
History will remember your loyalty to your country, keep it up. 
History books won't be as kind to the GOP/Republican party. #ImpeachTrump
Thank you  https://healthcareinamerica.us/kennedycare-98146fe41c3?source=linkShare-8cd3febe8199-1501226027 …
Thank you Senator! Fixing and refining is the way to go.
Thank you!!!!
You did the right thing.
Thank you, Heidi
Thank you and remain blessed
Thank you!  Keep up the education and fighting! Prior to Obamacare there was also a lack of competition.  Small markets etc.   Together we W
Thank you for standing strong Senator!
Thank you Senator
Many thanks, Senator. As a person with a pre-existing condition I am very grateful.
Thank you Senator! I rest easier for my family tonight
Thank you!!
I'll just put that here.
Thank you for fighting for every American to have affordable healthcare.
Thank you, Heidi! 
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you I know that's not always easy as a red state dem.
Thanks for holding the line not easy for blue dogs. Now stop it with the coal crap
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Heitkamp!
Thank you for all your work.
It's time for healthcare companies to be #fiduciaries of the people, not the function solely for the shareholders. #SinglePayer
