It's the right move politically, there is no denying.
UR Vote=Ethics:moral principles that govern a person's behavior & conduct of an activity.Unethical:not morally correct.Recognize?Shame on U!
Please change your vote!
Good on ya, Senator!
. There may not be a perfect judge but there are better choices for #SCOTUS.Gorsuch fails to be a moderate.He is anti worker
I believe he is too connected to his religion, & his record on minorities & women should be better. I have resoected
oops..respected many of your votes. This one I believe could have immense damage. Please reconsider! Thank you.
An extreme judge nominated for a stolen seat by a White House under investigation for collusion with a foreign power? Shame.
Liberalism is a mental disorder.
You did the right thing! Confirmation is supposed to be on qualification not ideology. People have lost that. It's about the law. (1/2)
(2/2) If we don't like the law, it should be changed not ignored! People have lost what America is all about. Thank you for your courage!
Unless they're rich people. Have fun with Trump senator! You've made his wish come true!
Money coming all the way from California, straight to your opponent. MERRICK GARLAND  MERRICK GARLAND  MERRICK GARLAND  #SeeYa #Resist
Get the hell out of the Democratic Party.  I hope as a woman you don't have any need for reproductive rights.  Shame on you
Were you also taught a WH under multiple investigations for collusion with a hostile foreign power should make a lifetime SCOTUS appt?
That's not what the investigation is about. Maybe you should try watching some of the hearings instead of just reading headlines.
This is exactly what the FBI investigation is about...counterintelligence...it's like, you know, treason...duh.
No, it's about Russian interference due to poor cyber security infrastructure and the illegal unmasking of US citizens via intel collection.
Those elements are being investigated as well. But collusion with Russia is part of FBI investigation per Comey:
When are you up for re-election?
I'm putting aside money for you Primary opponent!
2018
I will donate from PA
I'll donate from PA too
I'll donate from AR.
I'll donate from CA.
Still time to change your mind. If not, I will be donating to the campaign of your primary challenger. And I live in CA. Good luck.
Wow, just wow. Shows how spineless Dem's have become.
NOT ACCEPTABLE. You're not my senator, but as a Democrat I am appalled that you're giving traction to the GOP's power grabs. We won't forget
She is my senator and believe me, I am appalled!
I figured many of you are shocked by her decision. Some ppl got their feathers ruffled b/c she's not MY senator. 
Great track record you got going there Senator. First Tillerson, now this. Surprised you didn't vote for Devos while you were at it.
If you knew it was wrong, why did you go along with it and not raise your voice?  Answer=Party before Country.  You lose come 2018.
Please reconsider your vote for #Gorsuch for #SCOTUS !
SMH.. vote her out in 2018 ND folks
His stance on LGBT issues? Really?
Disappointed.
I look forward to donating to your challenger. #BlockGorsuch #FilibusterGorsuch
Very disappointed.
You would have the Senator lose her seat in 2018 by voting against a judge with impeccable credentials? Heitkamp is making the right call.
Impeccable my ass. Have u bothered 2 check out his record? He favors corps over ppl, is against workers' rights, reproductive rights, etc.
I have looked over his record and came to very different conclusion. In any event, my best to you and your family.
Then u arent a democrat if u are ok with his record on women's/workers' rights. Own up to being a republican bc no self respecting dem would
I'm not a member of either party.
Then u lean republican at very least given ur approval of man w/ terrible history on women's rights, workers' rights, etc.
If that were true, why did the American Bar Association give Gorsuch their highest rating. The ABA has always been the Left's gold standard.
@Liz_Wheeler proud to see a Sen make their own judgement and not blindly follow party lines. Which this for both R and D
Thank you, Senator! I like, high five!
You clearly don't understand his record or your constituents if you believe he can serve the constitution and not his wallet
This is the man who put a trucking company ahead of a worker who nearly froze to death the fact that you think he is fit shows you are not
This is a stolen seat and he is being appointed to a LIFETIME SEAT by someone who is being investigated for treason
I am so glad you support further Russian success in undermining our nation's ability to defend itself.
Absolutley embarrassing. You should be ashamed. History will not forget your aiding the GOP theft of a SCOTUS seat.
Please don't do this. He will be disastrous for women's repro health, LGBTQ rights and worker's rights. Please reconsider.
Consideration of a judicial nominee based on desired policy goals is not part of the process.
these are not policy goals, these are laws
No, you cited no laws, just issues you care about. I care about them, too.  But that's not the basis by which confirmation votes are cast.
It is the very basis on which the nomination was made. You are denying the reality of how it works. 
It IS about issues. #allabouttheissues
Sure, that's how they're selected, but confirming them should NOT turn into a partisan shitshow.
It already did last year when Republicans refused Merrick Garland the courtesy of a vote.
Absolutely. That was horrible. So when do we end the cycle? Only when we like a nominee?
Deeply disturbed by your terrible decision. Walk across the hall & talk to true DEM Senators Murray & Cantwell. #StopGorsuch
Respect your decision.  Thank you for having the integrity to do what is right and help heal our country.  Im impressed.
This president is illegitimate and so is this stolen SCOTUS seat and YOU know it - #Shame this is a 3rd wrong
Shame!
With respect, Senator, you're voting for the nominee of a President currently being investigated for collusion with Russia.
Read the testimony from today's hearing, particularly that of Mr. Watt.
So you're abusive/cheating partner wins, and our democracy is further eroded.  Guess only Republicans can fill SC.  Well done.
That’s absolute bullshit. In this case two wrongs do make a right. You don’t vote for a stolen seat period!
Disappointed with you and Sen. Manchin. Do you think someone under a FBI investigation should get to name a lifetime appointment?
Thanks for supporting an illegitimate nominee. Bold move.
@JohnJHarwood  Now we need 2 vote u out, because u still don't get the big picture.
Prove no collusion between Trump admin/Russia to subvert our democracy before any confirmation for lifetime appointment to SCOTUS

well said! Those are the types of ethical decisions that need to be made.
@SenatorHeitkamp a democrat who votes with republicans is just as useless to us as an actual republican. Vote No on Gorsuch!
@TeamTrumpAZ what has changed your conscience?
Don't bother lying. The GOP won't get him on that seat.
As some one moving into your state this summer I will gladly help any primary challenger that arises. Seat over country isn't how I work.
Prepare to be #Primaried!!! We will not stand for anyone who supports #TrumpsAgenda! We will support your opponent.
We reach Millions of Americans. You made a mistake. You have 2 days to change your position or we make sure this goes viral.#PrimaryHeitkamp
I'll run against her!!  She's useless!!
Do it!
Time to hit up Emily's list...
@emilyslist You might want to check this out. @SenatorHeitkamp is going to vote #Gorsuch. Call for her to change position.#DemocraticPrimary
We will make an example of you @SenatorHeitkamp. Might want to update your resume. You will need it.
I will work against you from this moment forward.
Well at least you have passion
I look forward to donating to your primary challenger. You are voting against democratic values.
What were the Republicans that confirmed 2 Obama Supreme Court Justices? They voted for qualified Justices.
Supreme Court Justices are not supposed to be about policy goals but instead confirming qualified Justices.
You have every right to your opinion but I thought I'd share mine. I was not happy with treatment of Garland
but the country voted to go in a New direction and they nominated a competent/qualified Justice.
I was w/u until your "new direction" comment. There is no valid reason 4 Obama's choice not getting a vote. Pure politics. Die has been cast
I said I wasn't happy about not giving Garland a hearing, he was competent and should have had 1.
Bye Felicia 2018/2020
you're like the kid who gets punched in the face and asks the bully if his hand is OK. The epitome of why Dems lose.
Here's to you being primaried and fired by the same people who voted you into office.
When the #chlorpyrifos damage lawsuits come rolling in because of Trump, Gorsuch will tell the aggrieved parents how it was fine.Badly done
Enjoy your last few years in the Senate and a lifetime of working for Vladimir Putin
Senator, weR paying ur salary2work4us not2serve illegals on our dime!!The dying &forgotten middle class citizens in need of all help.Pls hlp
Thank you for doing what's best for the country vs politics. You're a true patriot and will be re-elected in 2018. #MAGA 
votes for Gorsuch, rubber stamps unprecedented partisan behavior by Republicans. No wonder these guys do whatever they want
Please reconsider
Please vote Yes to confirm! May the Force be with you, Always.
No. Please don't comfirm. Gorsuch represents the Sith. Voting yes is giving Palpatine power
Vote to confirm. The dark force has been used against us. Palpatine has been in control for decades.
you don't watch Star Wars very closely. You're Jar Jar here.
Well, that's true, except for Jar Jar.  I was the first 3 episodes guy, who didn't keep up when they moved them to 4-6. 
No, anyone asking for a Gorsuch confirmation is probably a good person bamboozled into a vote for evil, just like Jar Jar.
I do not seek justice for a wrong from an innocent man. @SenatorHeitkamp recognizes this fact. Gorsuch is qualified. He'll get approved.
.@SenatorHeitkamp you're making a horrible mistake/decision. He is bad for black ppl, reproductive health, worker's rights, & LGBQT ppl
.@SenatorHeitkamp I'd highly urge you to reconsider voting for/backing anyone who is associated with a racist & bigot such as Donald Trump
.@SenatorHeitkamp you have a chance to stand up for underprivileged people and those downtrodden. Voting for him hurts those who vote for u
What has Donald Trump done that was racist or bigoted?
Jean, can't expect people to play along and spoon feed you.
I've learned that code for I have nothing so I'll deflect.

Thats not being racist. "Racist" is the person who thinks it is.
This is a horrible mistake. Please reconsider. Or just go ahead and become a Republican.
You obviously are ignorant of the judicial confirmation process.
You obviously are the one Twitter constitutional scholar working from a Wikipedia page.
What? I'm an attorney. Federalist Society. Obama and Clinton voter. Don't pretend to know anything about me.
Inexcusable.
Thank U Sen Heidi Heitkamp 4ur Vote of Confirmation for Judge Gorsuch! Hope Congress will come together often to make America better.
One thing I know now: if it had been you deciding on that freezing truck driver, the man would be dead. Dems no longer claim to rep people.
Nice words, but remember cowards allow evil to happen. What's next?
God Bless you
Time for you to go.... You are part of problem & never will be part of solution DNC & RNC are same in Practices & Policies One Party System
That's your ass. Abetting treason, even in ignorance, even after the fact, is treason.
is the epitome of why liberals lose. Because she doesn't think two wrongs make a right. Go write poetry, Heidi. Ur too nice
I HOPE THE SHAME OF YOUR VOTE,LIVES WITH YOU FOR ETERNITY,  NEVER POSSIBLE JOB SECURITY OVER NATION ,  THOUGH I DO UNDERSTAND ND POLITICS
Sorry, but you were wrong.
. I hope your constituents vote you out for this! Gorsuch is unacceptable!
Move out of the echo chamber. She's from a red state, up for re-elect in 2018. What did expect she'd do, she's a politician.
because ND is red all the more reason she needs to make a stand. #ethics Politicians hv  a responbl 2 set an ex.!
smh #LibTard.Gorsuch is eminently qualified,as much as #ACLU lead council Ginsberg,confirmed 96-3.U think GOP liked her?
No, but her rulings were fair and logical, his support corp. interests. Why don't you want to be more generous to those less fortunate?
Why do you want to use the courts to get your way rather than through legislation? He was over-turned 1x in 2700+ cases.
You will be voted out in 2018.
She won by less than 1% – is a solid example of how @DNC better get their shit together and actually research/vet their 2018 candidates.
Amen!

Your statement is not compelling enough to justify a yes vote other than your own political cover.Shameful
I will donate to your opponent. You don't deserve to be a Democrat.
You were "taught" two wrongs don't make a right. That is beyond lame reasoning.
I know you are not in my but Im begging you to #VoteNoOnGorsuch thank you #StolenSeat
Women all over the country gave $for your campaign wtf, this is a profound betrayal #nogorsuch #novote until #RussiaInvestigation complete
There is no spin clever enough to excuse a Senate Democratic for breaking with her peers on this one. This is no Profile in Courage.
I imagine many will make their full statement by voting & donating against you. No excuses. Stand up or get out. We can afford nothing else.
Yeah, guess what? North Dakota voted for POTUS overwhelmingly - like +30 points. You are history in 2018.
Shame on you for supporting a SCOTUS who is opposed to women and their right to affordable healthcare.
PLEASE PREPARE TO RETIRE,  WE R GOING TO PRIMARY YOU IF YOU VOTE 4 HIRSUCH.
REMEMBER TH LAST 8 YEARS! 
GO FULL MCCONNELL ON OPPOSITION DAILY
Your job is to not just appoint any member to the Supreme Court, but the right one That is why it's a confirmation process #stepuporstepdown
"Nevertheless she persisted" will never apply to U since you've caved in to Trumps corrupt choice! History will remember
You're a traitor to this country.
You are a traitor to your party and your country! When Trump is finally impeached an arrested, I hope you get dragged down with him.
We agree. Your statement is clear and thoughtful.  Sen. Schumer just sounds like an angry horn.  Thx 
You WILL BE held accountable. We have long memories. Turncoat.
shame on u u have no democratic values go run as a republican
Wrong wrong wrong! Sell out self serving #DINO ! No excuse for your BS! #DINO
Get rid of this woman.
Wrong decision. Don't you wonder who gave him $10million for his campaign? Wouldn't that be good to know before you confirm him? Do your job
Noooooo! How can you make such decision?!? As a democrat I'm sooooo disappointed in you! Please reconsider! Please vote NO!
Your next challenger. I will encourage many others to do the same. Shame on you!
Terrible and gutless. 
I'll be donating to your primary challenger.
Nice words. I hope the party finds someone to replace you the next time you stand for reelection.
Huh. Who paid you off?
Please reconsider! This appointment would be dangerous for women, workers. Vote on the side of liberty and justice for ALL
He won't meet with your colleagues Sens. Masto & Duckworth. Please rethink?
Oh but it's been proven he IS trying to meet. Facts
Do you see the only support you get here is from Trumpster!   Your out ready to retire!
I will be donating to your campaign when the time comes, and I don't even live in your state. #GoodAmerican #compromise @realDonaldTrump
Caving will only embolden them! They will continue this nonsense and weak-willed dems will continue to "rise above it."
Better take as many bribed as you can while you are in office. It isn't going to happen again. #StillSanders @justicedems
surrenders to Republican initiated SCOTUS warfare
You are going to give a seat on the Court to the KKK. Blood will be on your hands. Every woman who dies of an infection=killed by you.
This is very disappointing. Gorsuch's statements (or lack thereof) have identified that he's inadequate for the position. Please reconsider.
How much more of you do you think Dems can take?
Thank you for your support, Senator!
THANK YOU! I don't live in ND, but I would break from the Republican lines to vote for you if I could.
You never were a Democrat. You used that name to fool constituents. Enjoy your rubbles.
Remember same thing happened to George W Bush and the Republicans didn't cry foul they followed Dems wishes..now it's our turn #USeem2forget
Unless his name is Merrick you need to stand firm on NO or lose your seat
guess you will be facing unemoloyment
Career ending decision. Political suicide.
but the Supreme Court fell victim to politics.  By voting yes you are condoning @SenateGOP  partisan actions. #shameonyou
Of course you will. Good for you. Appeasing Republicans won't save you in the long run. I feel sorry for gutless cowards like you.
.@SenatorHeitkamp You're going to vote yes on a life-time appointment made by a POTUS who is under investigation for possible treason?
You believe corporations have more rights than individuals? Thank God we still have the right to vote you and others like you out.
While an administration is under investigation
There should be no vote at all
You are NOT acting as a representative for the U.S.
#gorsuch
Who paid you off ?
Don't do it!  You are becoming a shill for the Republicans!  Please have a backbone!
Enjoy getting voted out when you're up.
You do, and you can kiss your career goodbye. Evidence shows how horrible a human Gorsuch is (apparently you have slept thru hearings).
That seat's been vacant for a year,  why the hurry now? The man who nom. may be in a position that was achieved criminally. You should wait
Boo!
While I do not agree with your thoughts on Gorsuch I do agree with your thoughts on Garland.
Thank you @SenatorHeitkamp 
It's time 2 #confirmgorsuch 2 #MAGA 
@baconjayhawks
By the time you realize how much you've hurt us it will be too late. You're really putting big business over little us?
Thank you much, Senator, for not being blinded by ideologue partisanship, and doing what's best for your constituents and the USA.BLESSINGS.
Please reconsider for future of our country. Even if he's competent, he was nominated by someone under investigation. #PauseThisPresidency
You're making a mistake
THANK YOU FOR FULLY VETTING THIS NOMINEE AND I THINK YOU HAVE MADE AN EXCELLENT CHOICE
Heidi has proven she doesn't stand with Democrats and therefore MUST be removed.
So when you get voted out... what will your next career be?
The new direction is unclear, controlled by Russia. Only thing that is for sure....it is ant-women. We will not forget.
A nominee for justice of the Supreme Court who ruled in favor of a corporation instead of a truck driver who's life was in danger?
Unbelievable. As a woman how could u do this? As a democrat, how? I will be watching u because I don't trust u as far as I could thow u.
That's fine, you just won't be re-elected
I look forward to supporting anyone opposing you next. Thank you.
Vote NO on #gorsuch he is for #citizens united and bad for America.
The Republicans aren't playing by the rules. Don't reward them for their disgusting behavior. Dems are done with this shit.
well explained
Congrats Senator, be prepared for fallout but fear not for good deeds are repayed
"Regardless of which party is in the White House, the U.S. Supreme Court should be above politics."
Yep TY 4 being 1 of few hu realizes that
This is so wrong.  I cannot believe that you would vote for a lifetime appointment when the trump presidency is so questionable.  Please.
wonder what the GOP has on u.Make no mistake we will remember & donate to ANYONE who runs against.We woke up & we r angry.Try us & enjoy
@JoeManchinWV Thanks Heidi!  Like Joe, you have more class and integrity than all of Washington put together.
This vote actually does diminish any claim you can make about being disturbed over what Republicans did to Garland. Don't do it.
As a North Dakotan, I am proud of Senator Heitkamp. She is a solid person and made a very practical decision. (FYI, I am an independent)
oh my, read comments. The snowflakes are melting! Lmfao!     
And we will be sure you lose your position! @DNC #Notademocrat #Yourefired
Thank you for the vote, I'm sure it's difficult going against your party.
Another profile in courage.

Good for you. Proud you are not intimidated by your crooked party.  Hope you community appreciates you
Garland was an Obama appointee. Nothing Obama does is for the US
You are wrong.  The People you represent to NOT want Neil Gorsuch on the supreme court.  We will remember this come election time!
Please don't do that.  This is a mistake. This is a stolen seat and Gorsuch is not what he seems.
Please do not break the strength of standing together with other Democrats. Vote no. What is @gop giving you? Trump is not valid Prez. NO.
You are a patriot!
I don't think you quite understand the Zeitgeist, Senator. 
You will not be forgiven for selling out humans to corporations.
Karma is a bitch that will not support your next election if you vote to confirm!
"Acceptance, tolerance, freedom, community" this is what you believe Nth. Dakota stands for, does this judge believe in those principles?
Not acceptable! You think this all business as usual?
Adding you to my list who put "THE PEOPLE" ahead of party. People like you @Sen_JoeManchin @SenSasse @JohnKasich are our hope. #WorkTogether
She's voting for him purely to save her seat but she'll lose it anyway to a real Republican. Conservative Dems never learn that lesson.
