Thank you!
thank you!
what the hell has just come from that office??? Where was your wisdom during the Obama presidency? You are disappointing.
2 more years and you will be known as ex-senato! Can't wait!
Thank you for standing up for what is right.
You cannot be serious! #Sessions deserves to be confirmed. It seems you are the one incapable of independence.
It's very nice of you to take time from your Klan rally to weigh in.
thanks for the truth
bad move Heidi.  he is qualified.
what?  no he's not.
Did you require the same standards of Holder & Lynch? When you pick party over country, you lose elections.
party over country?  Like when Obama picked a SCOTUS and didn't even get this far?  Hypocrite. Don't defend repugnant behavior
So you disagree with Joe Biden who called for waiting until after elections?
Live in TX and am sending THANKS to you for voting NO!
twitter is becoming an egg cesspool
, Thank you!!!!!!!,!
disappointed in you as usual.
And you think Holder/Lynch were independent of Obama?  North Dakotans aren't that dumb
You afraid he'll investigate the Clinton crime ring?
Thank you for your vote against Sen. Sessions.
Thank you!
Thank you, @SenatorHeitkamp.
Will vote against Sessions to serve as US Attorney General - worried he won't be an independent voice from president as the job requires 
If you're not a pedophile #noworries you of all people should want justice for all #pizzagate #Haiti #child #trafficking
thank you
looks like your vote didn't matter anyways, seems to be the trend... majority rules
I'm happy you will vote against Sessions
Thank you, Senator, from a fellow heart-lander (IL), for your courage. Keep up the good work.
, thank you!
thank you for your explanation of your thoughtful approach to your decision.
thank you Senator!
Has anyone else noticed the courage and integrity exhibited by the women in the senate? Thank you Senator Heitkamp.
thank you!

all senators once elected, should not have R or D as part of title. No more L or R of aisle. Mixed.
Thank you!!
Thank you Senator!
thank you!
Thank you. Now please convince more of your colleagues that Sessions is UNFIT to serve and represents unAmerican values.
Thank you 
as a ND resident who called your office to ask you to vote yes on Sessions I'm very disappointed this is shameful behavior
Thank you Senator!! You're doing a wonderful job!
@samswey the attorney general serves at the behest of the president. For a senator you sure don't know a lot.
thank u Senator for thinking on your own.
Thank you. Pls investigate foreign interference, conflicts of interest. & we need your voice against war against free press
Enjoy your final two years in DC!  Be sure to see the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden before you go.
better get to work on that #unemployment bill...you're gonna need it #ConfirmSessions #tcot #tlot @POTUS
Thank you for your respectful and independent assessment!
Pls vote 4 Sessions. He has been praised for defending Constitution, until appointed by Trump, Neg. Trump Bashin' involved
thank you! Pruitt too--also unfit for job requirements of heading EPA
and Loretta Lunch was??  Wow!  Politics at its lowest level.  #wednesdaywisdom
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator Heitkamp!!!
thank you
unlike lynch sessions will actually follow the law. &  unlike your last election I will not b voting 4 u again.
Thank you, Senator.
So eric holder was a great AJ Fast and Furious L Lynch another winner won't prosecute Hillary for selling secrets .
Thank you so much for your ethical stand.
thanks Heidi!
Yes! Thank you for taking a stand !!!
Why do you keep selling out to oil companies and supporting violating people's right to protest?
Thank you!
you need to rethink ur decisions. As an ND Native and Native American u will be voted out at this rate.
. Therefore if he were a Democrat all you have said would be untrue
Thank you!
@samswey Thank you we need more like you!
thank you Senator!  I will do what I can to support reelection from Colorado
Thank you.
well done! The country thanks you!
thank you!!
thank you!!

Who are all these eggs with 4 followers? Trolls, creating multiple accts. SAD!
thank you
Thank you for doing the right thing.
thank you
Thank  you Senator. I know this is hard for you. Please let folks around the country know if you need support. #resist
I thought you would be the independent thinker I have known you to be on this one. You are smarter than Schumer.
Thank you.
thank you
Thank you!
thank you for making an actual informed and logical decision in your job. It is appreciated.
Thank you for this!
as a ND citizen I wish you would vote to confirm Sessions.
What do you like about him?
THANK you for putting #USA first, and recognizing that @POTUS #bannon and #trump are not doing same. They put #trumps first
Ignorant decision!
was Eric holder unbiased? No. He was biased toward liberal indoctrination.
Looks like another will be voted out come 2018.
Rumor is she may not run-not much of a chance. I thought she was different than other party hacks, Wrong.
if only you did the same thing with Mike Pompeo right? What a joke you are. You are no liberal, and you don't care abt ppl.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you so much!!
