That is because people like me won't be subsidising those  people with my premiums. buy your own damn insurance or get a job that offers it.
Actually, you'll be subsidising all those people who wont have ins. & goes to the emergency room for care.
That is true, it's the tooth fairy that pays. Ins. co. pays, hence premiums rise, so subsidized by ppl with HC ins.
increased HC costs, so ins. co. get hit with higher costs. How is it possible to be so oblivious?
Refuse to buy insurance and get into a car accident?  How about a serious illness?  Pay out of pocket or die in the street. Ok with you?
A simple car accident or illness could be hundreds of thousands or millions of $.  Don't expect care if you can't pay and opt out of ins.
Yes, we get it. It is dangerous, but people get to decide to risk that danger or not. Quite simple really.
Actually right now they don't. They get to pretend that they do and the rest of us pay for it when they go to the ER.
Go on, explain further. I am still not completely enlightened about how American health system works.
When people who don't have insurance go to the ER, we don't turn them away and let them die.  The rest of us pick up the tab.
So when Gov doesn't force ppl 2buy health insurance they become uninsured?  What if they purchase bc they can afford it. It's called choice
You know a lot of people who choose not to be insured?
If you choose not to buy insurance, then you don't get health care without cash up front!  That will solve it!
You totally missed my point. If you can't afford to have health insurance how can you afford the care out of pocket
If everyone is buying, and ACA isn't being shackled by GOP not providing the subsidies it needs to surivive, market prices go down.
People aren't buying. It's too expensive for people. By design
we agree the system is flawed/everything is too expensive.. why does it seem like you're arguing in favor of going back to when it was worse
WELL, at least we all know ... that the CBO is "never" wrong.
The GOP consists of a bunch of misfits, do nothing idiots.
How many can afford the care that correctly have coverage
I don't know if anyone knows that number but this country can't afford 32M uninsured showing up at ERs.  Time well past for BIPARTISANSHIP!
Yes and you have more experience than I do I Healthcare what's the answer? The exchange I'm conference is not the answer.
Maybe not but, while thank you, truly not an expert. But so many other countries have figured it out and we can't? We're SUPPOSED to be best
I don't know expect to say no one has 330 million people and a free enterprise for DR and Pharmaceuticals to cash in.
Then there's that!
Would you be in favor of caps on how much a Dr can make or how much a privately held company can charge?
I don't believe a govt should set caps; the 'market' should. If 1 doc wants to charge $20k for a hip, won't be in biz long.
This is playing with people's lives. Not okay.
Plan screwed me from day 1. Hope whatever is next cares about the schmucks in the middle.
Dems wanted universal from the beginning... Repubs wanted this... Maybe vote for people who have views closest to yours next time
Obama plan screwed me.
Which Obama plan? These are markets where YOU choose your INSURANCE. 

Obamacare isn't a plan. It's a set of mandates and minimum coverage.
He originally wanted universal. Repubs said $2T over 10 yrs is too much. Now you're stuck with high prms and high deficit cause of repubs.
I'm stuck with some idiot @ ing me.
I don't get it. Trump care " drops 22 mill" and "no health care drops 32 mill"" by 2026. Not much of a difference, who is doing the count??
Includes those who drop their coverage because they are no longer penalized for not having.
And it excludes those who will die without coverage before 2026
Exactly the point.  Why lump all these numbers together?  Distortion.
... people die. That's not distortion. How are you ok with this?
All I'm asking for from Reuters is the undistorted truth.
If you do the breakdown it's a very small number of people who will willingly give it up. Most of that is also do to it still being too much
What is the number?  I've been looking for it and can't find it.  You say it's very small... do you have a source?  Not sarcasm.  Curious.
10 million of them will be illegals because they will go back home. 
7 million of the will be because the are not forced to buy that crap
I had Obamacare, nothing was covered, I now pay for real insurance and guess what?! Nothing's covered. It's bullshit either way, it's a lie
Isn't this just awesome! All you Trumpets who wanted rid of Obama Care. Hope your all happy!!! ACA will be gone as well! Gonna be really BAD
The non partisan cbo is fake news now? Can you post your numbers please?
Ok
Your 6mil is way off unless you can provide some source material to prove me wrong
And the number WHEN Ocrappacare implodes is even greater.....
It's only imploding because their sabotaging it. They want to give the money to insurance companies and big pharma
You are so misinformed is frightening.
Well I did read the bill so.....
BWAHAHA IF you did you wouldn't be spouting such nonsense....
Good, fuck 'em. Obama never gave me insurance.
You have to buy insurance when you use the ACA. It's only an exchange. Maybe learn what you're talking about so you don't look so foolish.
That's assuming I can afford the premiums and the copays. Maybe if you weren't ignorant of that, you wouldn't look so foolish.
Do we know how much tax money it wastes to let #ObamaCare die on its own, instead of pulling the plug now?
Gop can suck it
So the house bill was mean
The senates was meaner
Now trump proposes the meanest

#trumpcare
You need a mind meld Bob.
damn. that's a whole lotta winning.
Typical response from a myopic simpleton who eagerly laps up the pablum fed to you by the leftists and the Fake News Industrial Complex. 
People who don't use their real photos or use their names on this app are turds. Trying to show off your intellect that way is a turd move 2
Speaking/writing like that doesn't mean you are smart, either. Even though that's what you are trying to convey.
Well, we can't all be in-house counsel at Travelers like the great and powerful Bradley Somrak. I'm just a lowly personal-injury attorney. 
You misspelled "ambulance chaser, trumpelstilskin
Touché.
However, props to you for accepting a burn. I'll retract my previous statement about you lol
#Lie @AP Fear-Monering
BS.
What is the CBO's % of even somewhat accurate estimates, recent history, #ZERO
It doesn't sunset for 2 years. So completely inaccurate.
Wait, didn't @MaxineWaters say 700 billion people would die, if Ocare was repealed?
How much cheaper would healthcare be if NO ONE had insurance to pay for it?
IF ALL 32 MILLION UNINSURED HEALTH CARE RECEPIENTS HAVE TO MARCH ON WASHINGTON, TO GET "WHAT SHOULD BE THEIR RIGHT, **CONGRESS HAS TO GO!***

Just realize not one of them will buy it in the next NINE years. Not one of them will have the mental fortitude to pick up a phone or read
Everybody has to buy car insurance to drive. Everyone contributes to medicare. That's how it works. What a dumb comnent.
This is how @GOP be working its pants off to ensure no one has insurance at some point. Sad! #MAGA
Probably 20 million will choose not to carry insurance.
This is very misleading.  Only because they choose to not BUY insurance.
Left unreported is that w/o the mandate to purchase many of those 36 million will choose to be uninsured. CBO is worse than worthless.
Seems irrelevant as the GOP plan is to repeal AND replace.  After the replace, less than the 32M ppl will be impacted.
How is this possible? Obamacare only covers 8 M people.
Omg how did we ever survive before Obamacare 
False.....
Yeah. CBO is known for accuracy.
How come we seem to be doing everything else like every other country except we don't have the same healthcare system. We used to be leaders
By choice maybe. It is unconstitutional to force a citizen to buy a product. Also when has the CBO ever been right about anything?
They are heatless.
You lying SOBs. Stop spreading lies! You are another fake newswhy don't you prints obama's lies on Obamacare?
Because they choose to be uninsured.
Just let me claim the 110+ million social program users on my taxes. My pay check: 1/2 for me, 1/2 for you. Not fair.
2/ to stay in your new line of hotels,Scion and American Idea. They will have to spend their money on doctors. I know u understand that.
Next I say we go after having to buy this damn car insurance. Why should I be forced to buy it.
Totally nonsense on the numbers.  The CBO has zero credibility
Only by choice!
CBO is a propagandist wet dream. Too bad none of their projections have ever been right.
It's truly horrifying what the GOP will attempt just to prove how much they hate Obama.
Health care costs extort Americans & insurance companies. Nothing is a remedy unless the root cause is met head on.
Never trust statistics that you did not manipulate your self. BTW that breaking report is from March. :-)
So in other words millions of people won't be forced to purchase a product.
Voodoo math.
Better off, they are killing us anyway.
What a disaster this will be, especially for those who need it the most!
Before ocare I went to the dr when I was sick & paid out of pocket. Sometimes  I made payments. I was fine. It was still cheaper than ocare.
obamacare was watered down to hurt people by republicans. How many republicans voted for obamacare? Curious.
Before obamacare was everyone dying like democrats are saying will now happen? None in my family. No we aren't a rich family. Bad argument.
We wouldn't have bought ocare. Socialists forced us to buy into a pathetic flawed system. We got a fine 1 year for not having enough ins.?
Someone look up the census survey of uninsured Americans prior to passing of Obamacare in 2013... Try 43 million
So CBO has ESP to know what replacement bill (which doesn't exist yet) will be in affect before the 2 yr delay is over?  This is  .
So this is blackmail, then.
Does anyone guess how many Americans were uninsured prior to 2013? 

Answer is much higher than current CBO estimates... 43 million (M)
HAHA OBAMA IS A GREEDY PIG!!!
Because more people can't afford it.
This is so bad. We can't turn back the clock and have millions more Americans without health insurance!
Not correct! People will have a choice to have insurance or not. There is only 10 million people on Obamacare. Long stretch from 10 to 32. 
Trrason
Treason
Forcing ppl to insure doesn't increase quantity or quality of care. Only the free market can drive that efficiently.
US is now officially a BANANA Republic
Laughable!
How many would lose coverage by their own choice?
FOR THE LAST TIME, THEY'RE GOING TO LOSE IT NO MATTER WHAT. THE SYSTEM IS DYSFUNCTIONAL AND BROKE. 
What's the impact on the federal budget?
I'm amazed @realDonaldTrump @VP and the @SenateGOP actually think their repeal and replace is even sane. You guys are all evil IMO. 
32 million? There aren't even that many ppl on Ocare. U mean ppl will no longer b forced in2 paying 4 something they may not need??
Only 9 years to buy. Hurry up!
#FakeNews again
#Obamacare must be repealed and replaced. Sick people can't afford treatment due to skyrocketing premiums. Truly a death spiral. @TheWeek 
How many jobs would be lost too?
...and not one of them losing coverage is a member of Congress or any of their staffers!
Medicaid  is not insurance .
Abolish the Congressional Budget Office.

@SalemState
@KenBurns to Evangelical Voters: 'What Part of Donald Trump Reminds You of Jesus Christ?'https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
@JoyAnnReid 
Ostensibly last (8th man) in the room was a "front guy." What coincidence makes him the last guy identified, Instead of first?
@aarp @AARPadvocates @AARPIntl
 
The accountants & auditors. As good an estimate of outcome as we can get. 

@NewsHour @nprpolitics
And Medicaid, along with Medicare would join them too.
Sounds cruel and unusual @Sengop. @SenateDems stand strong against #wealthcare .
CBO is always wrong. Without govt. mandates free markets would offer the best rates and plans
What are you smoking. This bill will affect everyone. Even if you have insurance thru your employer you can be kicked off
Let these idiots lose their healthcare. That's what you voted for - that's what you'll get.
I'm sure they will find something by 2026. Who does these projections?
BS!
Nonsense!  They'll all be dead by then
There's not even that many on the government mandated health care so this is bullshit!
Why can't ppl get their own insurance ?
A bunch of murderers. @GOP
It's a trap!
There's only 11 million on it now. Go figure.
Some turnips are actually trying to put the argument out that many of 32mill. don't want insurance and shouldn't be forced. Not kidding.
I'm shocked! Shocked!
It means 18 million uninsured at next renewal.  HELL NO
Don't worry. We can all just be a little bit more careful. Just today I decided not to run with scissors any longer. Maybe Congress will too
I think they steal kids lenses & brain portions @UN @vp @usarmy @PutinRF_Eng @god @jesus @KensingtonRoyal @DavidPetraeus @QueenLizII @afp
What if Obama care fails, then how many are out?
Joke
George appears to have black eyes &could only have blue or green if Kate's are green and Will are blue @KensingtonRoyal @un @vp @PutinRF_Eng
Unacceptable! Bring back American values! @AttorneyHerman
I don't look better with big nose long torso short legs&fat waist stop trading @un @vp @ap @usarmy @PutinRF_Eng @KensingtonRoyal @QueenLizII
Great
Why?  Can they not buy insurance?  Where do they get this random number?  Do not believe.
The establishment is rigging this scam on the middle class all around - no matter what - of course people will buy ins to fit need & cost
Insurance you can't use isn't INSURANCE
@MaksymNikitin and we know how accurate the CBO is!
There are not even that many on the exchanges to begin with.  The CBO scores like baseline budgeting. They have a history of being way off
Willow is under age 12 and mesrobian are federal prosecutors get off my family @usarmy @vp @un @KensingtonRoyal @PutinRF_Eng @QueenLizII @ap
My mother doesn't look any better with blue eyes &straight hair give back her redish blonde curly hair @PutinRF_Eng @un @vp @KensingtonRoyal
It's federal crime to use witch on federal family & I worked for schools You attack feds &crown @un @god @jesus @QueenLizII @PutinRF_Eng @vp
Good.
Put back Horton green eyes my moms not younger from stolen eyes neither's my brother @usarmy @un @QueenLizII @vp @DavidPetraeus @PutinRF_Eng
Lol 32 million more. You will run out of population if you keep making up bullshit numbers. Liberals will still believe you though.
Ok thats 9 years..don't you think all the brains in DC should be able to figure it out by then?
@usa witch machine only used to stabilize earth &have 1yr left on clock & gears jammed @un @usarmy @god @jesus @KensingtonRoyal @PutinRF_Eng
And with Ocare we can all sit.around the house and look at your HC card and wish u had enough money to use it. Ins. N name only.
Well Praise the Lord!    Right Evangelical Christian?
Every1s eye color change from witch face neck twist unwitch @usa nowitchi @cancel all war @DavidPetraeus @Martin_Dempsey @QueenLizII @un @vp
How will it lead to 22 mil uninsured if maybe 12 mil are on it? Hey how about the CBO score Obamacare today? Be interesting to see that!
Omg. Read the f#&^$ bill. It will affect everyone with a pre existing condition even employer based ins. You are a woman = pre existing
How many go uninsured when all ins comp leave the Exchange and ppl can't afford the ded? No ins comp no ins. It is failing people.
witches layer self behind young &look younger but you still die and pass diseases @USArmy @KensingtonRoyal @PutinRF_Eng @SenateFloor @un @vp
keeping it makes the whole thing bankrupt in 2 years 
Wait what? There are less than 10 million on Obamacare, about that many lost coverage that previously had it, 90% are paying more, so?.....
@SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis is this want you want to be associated with? Do you want your legacy to be 32 million more without care?
#fakenews
And if Ocare collapses if it's own weight? How many lose?
Your leadership, ladies and gentlemen #MAGAMoron #magalol
Repealing #ACA w/o substitute leaving millions w/o #healthcare would be a #violation of international  binding  conventions @UN #HumanRights
CBO is worst budget control grp in America! Est. are never right. New way needed now to predict the future cost
CBO has been wrong all along. If you believe them again, you are just foolish!
They're only wrong when They don't agree with gop.
how is this breaking news? When is theoretical nonsense news at all
There's only 11 million on Obamacare,,,
Can we not sue the government for losing our healthcare coverage
#FakeAnaylsis #FakeSoCalledExperts
@realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter @Kira_Media None of them in Congress.
@POTUS Reinstate Obamacare in 2020 after we tear down the wall....

If 10 million are enrolled in Obamacare, how will 22 million lose insurance in a new bill? #fakenews #Repeal
Epic fail #TrumpCare
Maybe the GOP will just hand out cyanide capsules to the old, sick and poor
Wait? Only 20 million are insured by Obamacare????? How is this correct????
Because it doesn't just affect Obama care. It affects EVERYONE who has insurance. It will cost more and cover less. You will no longer
It has zero effect on me. Govt should not have gotten into health care in the first place! Obamacare is a disaster
How many of them are citizens
That's worst...darn #Tяцмр
Ok why don't we go back to how it used to be.  You want insurance you buy it.  You don't? That's ok too
About time. It's been a while but I see the Trump Health Care Bill is having it's effect.
Isn't that the whole idea. That's pretty much what was promised
There's that good ole common core math for you
11 million insured under Obamacare yet 32 million will be uninsured! Sorry your numbers are way off! Bunch of B.S.
It was 50 mill before Obamacare so that's an improvement
And there will be more than that without - if no repeal.  Workers cannot afford!!!
Bull.  Even the "non partisan" Buget office has turned to the dark side. Health ins will be more affordable so what are they up to?
Insane they could give a shit
At the rate we are going right now we will all be in a bread line. While king trump jr gets richer
People in Alaska don't have any choices but they still have to pay the fine for not having insurance
Yeah and we believe that because they hit Obamacare spot on?
Lot of assumptions in this headline....
Bs... only 10.3 enrolled today. Cbo always wrong
@TruthSoldierz really? Because people aren't forced top buy it? Not our business.
CBO is a LiE and they know it!! Death to the RINO healthcare bill and get the govt. off our backs and out of our pockets!
Instead we will get 45% of the country with zero or no insurance options
After the way I got screwed w original obamacare I cld care less who gets screwed when it's repealed.

Let's get rid of Obamacare the Democrats lied to us you can keep your doctor you can keep your plan all lies
To be clearObama care will have 32 million less people insured by 2026. No spin. Just a fact from CBO.  Period.
Highly doubtful and suspect. Anything to do with Congress is inefficient and inaccurate. Do your job or lose in 2018.
We have to start somewhere.
10% of the country. Dear God...
Gee I guess they MIGHT be right this time. 
Single payer way b4 then thNks 2 both parties looking out for themselves only
I cannot tell you how many times the Congressional budget office has been wrong
Trump Care = No Care
Anyone else thinking its a different way to purge voter rolls? Negative effect on same groups...#ThinkAboutIt
.@USCBO: @GOP Repeal of #Obama Health Law #Without Replacement Means 32 MILLION MORE #UNINSURED BY 2026 @McConnellPress {HORRIFIC @Maddow!
