Maybe 22 million should go find A JOB!!!
I'm sick and tired of all the unemployed newborns and retirees! #MAGA
Retirees are on MediCARE!  Knowledge is everything!
Medicare doesn't pay for nursing homes and most  other institutional and long-term care. Medicaid handles that.
I believe the topic was 22 million were going to lose their INSURANCE from the ACA...  Not lose Medicaid

It cuts the future increases!
Why didnt I see millions of dead bodies in the streets BEFORE #Obamacare ???
Cuts = no more free cell phones!  Oh No... people will die!
How about we divide the country in 2?  Get everything but pay extrememly high taxes... Or... Pay low taxes and have $ for your own Insurnace
This bill will help me. I'll get 1,000s in Tax Breaks. I DON'T WANT THEM. I want a healthy population. I want kids/disable/old 2 b cared for
Then donate that money to people in need? More efficient to do it that way than hand it over to the gov't for them to take a cut first.
but, that's not my point.
Your point being you want other people to do the same as you?
my point is that TrumpCare is nothing more than a tax cut for the wealthy.
What about getting rid of the mandate? I had no insurance during college cause I couldn't  afford ocare and got fined. How is that fair?
you got lucky. didn't' get hurt or sick. But if you did, I'd be paying your emergency care and other bills most likely thru Medicaid.
I'm a healthy young adult. How am i supposed to pay $100 a month on an $900 a month budget? Never received Medicaid.
They'll still be able to buy insurance.  That's very misleading...it just won't be free.
It isn't free now.
Where do you think the ACA penalty went? It went to poor people who refused to work.
The ACA helped me get insurance. I'm a RN who works full-time, pays for my own insurance and medical expenses. I'm dead if this passes.
You're an RN and your employer doesn't offer insurance? Hmmm..most RN's I know have the best coverage possible.
Some Employer offered plans are WAY too expensive! Our premium jumped to over 2K per month after ACA passed. 19 yrs of great coverage GONE!
Honestly, it's hard to tell what that's really attributable to. So many moving parts.  Some of it might have been essential benefits.
The cost of the ACA for small businesses is and was unaffordable. Eats into their profit too much to run a healthy P&L and stay in business
Sad!  GOP clueless....
Did you forgot the reason for the numbers is because no one will be forced to buy...not because they'll be dropped. Crap journalism.
#resist
How can you Dems. even passed it without reading what was in it . This was stupid of you and all Dems. It was better the way it was, right;.
When the company's  get  out  of obamacare their will  be no insurance at all then for anyone , right .Obamercare should not of happened.
Tell us all the facts both ways . Be for the people not just you buddies . start getting things done for us people .
Must be fake news too...
That's 22 million who don't want Obamacare or Trumpcare.
Some ppl who payed ACA penalty could have spent same $ or less for a health plan. Didn't know how to work it
Let's call this what it is - a tax cut for the wealthiest Americans. It's certainly not a health care bill.
How does this bill help the average citizen? Answer, it doesn't.
well , if nothing is done and stupid Obamacare stays their will be no insurance a all , for the last two company's are getting out this year
@hoodcertifiedtm  @ATLBlackStar @angela_rye @CNN @tvonetv @rolandsmartin 

U.S. Senate Health Care Bill is 
#TOXIC !!!
And what would be number under Obama care in 2026????
How many do they see uninsured when Obamacare collapses which is what's happening. Also with better economy how many with have own insurance
Obamacare is collapsing because Repugs are defunding it. The arsonist complaining about the fire.
Those who believe this BS should learn how Washington math works...  I'll give you a clue...  it doesn't.
How Christian of the party who likes to invoke their faith when controlling bodies so much...

This is wrong and blasphemy. And Jesus doesn't forgive blashempy. The only sin he doesn't forgive
hope those are mostly the poor low-educated Trump supporters. Darwinism at its best.
At what point does the #scotus step in and state "you are not going to screw over 22 million taxpayers as the President!"
You can make a moral argument for those 22 million, but your argument of them being owed due to taxes seems dishonest.
Really, cause you THINK the 22 million are bums on the street...when in actuality many are Middle class 40 hr per week workers/tax payers.
No, but at least half are on Medicaid, which means their deductions practically eliminate them as "taxpayers". It's dishonest.

This is no surprise. Is it cruel enough? Just asking.
Maybe we could have the government run health care as well as it does the VA.  How's that sound?
So, Josh, I assume you are all set with your HC. I assume you DK any disabled folks, any old folks. Assume you have no preexist cond Lucky u
Have a child with diabetes that is covered by the same group plan.  Allow individuals to join larger groups as rand Paul suggests.
oh Rand Paul. I get your view. Bye, bye. As long as you're OK, you don't care.
Ha, obviously you haven't read his plan.  You would be opposed to any American having the ability to buy insurance as part of a group?
Or do you prefer the current system with high premiums, high deductibles, and large out of pocket expenses?
There are going to be a lot of sad people mining those hills.
If it's the 22mil who pay 1.5k per month for a family of 4 to not get punished, then I think most of them would be ok with that.
Are they still uninsured if they're dead?
Not a factual statement.
Or they get back in the work force..
A large % will be those no longer being coerced by the gov't via taxes to buy insurance!
The sad thing is that Lyndon Johnson created Medicare setting Medical fees resulting in current medical/insurance CARTEL.
Oh but think of all those wealthy millionaires who will get a sweet tax break, that's worth a few million deaths isn't it!?
Obamacare at the beginning.... How we soon forget
Why do the politicians get free medical for life the people should get to vote on the medical they get ? Plus their retirement
I had insurance my entire life until the ACA, aka Obamacare, was passed - then I could no longer afford it.
BY THEIR OWN CHOICE, and that's what America is all about. No one is forcing healthcare on them. YOU ARE THE NEXT FAKE NEWS
That includes those on "Skinny" plans and those that opt out of coverage. Real number is a loot lower. Closer to 11m by 2026.
but isn't even like 100 losing insurance against the point? It's supposed to be better for Americans not worse
NHS may have issues but thank it's there. You pay taxes but where do they really go can't even provide for the sick and vulnerable.
Hurdle? Pretty sure thats a feature
What they forgot to tell you was that the majority of that 22 million are those that CHOSE to not take the insurance

.@Avik makes a good point about those @USCBO uninsured predictions.  Take them with a grain of salt  https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15870346/avik-roy-senate-health-care-bill-interview … 
CBO's estimate is based on 18 million CHOOSING to go without coverage when mandate is removed, including 5 million dumping Medicaid.
Say it like it is. Insurance companies can't get rich on sick people.and elderly. They want us dead or go away.
They want the money from young and healthy. All profit. I would love to see names of politicians getting bought out by insurance companies
In a normal, compassionate country, this isn't a "hurdle," but a fatal flaw requiring a massive re-write.
This bull . They just grab numbers out of the air
Many or a majority of which didn't/don't want O'care. Folks, there is a difference btwn access to h'lth care and access to h'th care insrnce
NO new healthcare plan is without glitches but McConnell said " We will do NOTHING to work with Obama !"  Now they want to blame blame blame
Correction....22 million choose not to pay for health insurance.
Am I reading this correctly? Depriving 22 million people of health care is a "hurdle" for the GOP?
15 million Americans to lose their health insurance in 2018 alone ; that's heinous !
Trumpdontcare: A "small" price to pay. (Tom Price don't care)... TAX CUTS, baby! (But only if you are a RICH...)
Vote it now!
... but the richest 400 households will get a tax cut, so that's ok then...
We need a lawyer to work pro bono, & file a class action lawsuit of attempted murder against every Congressgoon who votes for AHCA.
Honestly if we keep the system we have now it will be more than 22 million uninsured
And let's then ask, "how many by choice?"  Let's look at the situation through logical eyes before making radical assumptions about the data
What a surprise...RIPublicKKKans hurting people to make the rich wealthier. Trump and the Congressional GOP  are evil and heartless.
Then they have time to fix it on the way.
@GOP -what's 22m American citizens without health care if we can defy the black @POTUS and get a tax break @ the same time? @MAGA (for some)
death rate will be high if those numbers are throw out
Thank you for reporting 
Congressional Budget Office sees 22 million more uninsured by 2026 under Senate health bill in latest hurdle for GOP. #SenateHealthCareBill
It is not "insurance" when you don't pay any premium, like most of the falsely labeled "uninsured".It is public entitlement. #falsenarrative
#GOPWarOnThePoor
#GOP Senators goodbye in #2018 how dare #GOP wants to play around with our healthcare there will be more ppl  die #GOP that's #murder
This #fakehealthcare bill will lead to the deaths of more #Americans than #PearlHarbor and #911 combined. #deathcare #trumpcare #healthcare
And, as I'm sure the "smart" GOP senators know, more uninsured means  healthcare costs for the US. Paid w tax $. Yeah, super smart
And that is w/o considering the "empathetic" GOP senators who wld gladly see more Americans dead and disabled than get preventive care
This is liberal bs from the CBO as usual
Because they won't be forced to buy insurance
That means that they'll will have to earn their healthcare and it won't cost me more to subsidize! Lower costs for me and mine.
God I hate this county that I no longer recognize and I'm 60!
They got it wrong before with Obamacare #
Only because they are opting out of being forced to pay for insurance.
Beyond imagination.  Just think how much the insurance lobby, companies  are going to make on this. We must push for Medicare for all.
When has the CBO been right.
Listen up red states, I have affordable coverage. I'm looking out for you. Don't do it
You can keep your doctor, plan, and premiums will decrease. If you don't have insurance you WILL BE FINED. PASS IT 2 SEE IT. THAT WRKED GRT!
And that's breaking news? Nobody cares about the American people. Maybe that's why the bill was a big secret.
What demography does that number cover?  Lets see this lie.
Obamacare is so much plan .. I enjoy not using my doctor not picking my plan and paying higher premiums for less care ..
Only 9.2M currently signed up for ObamaCare.  The CBO doesn't have a great track record when it comes to projections.

@realDonaldTrump ......how is that "repeal and replace Obamacare" campaign promise looking now?
#EpicFail
Shocking! Almost same bill as House gets almost same CBO score. Watch Turtle make deals with the spare $150B #KilltheBill #ProtectOurCare
Wealth Care.  Call it what it is!
MEAN
That's ok.  If you don't want insurance don't buy it.
@SenDeanHeller #VoteNoAHCA
Waging WAR on America The @GOP & Friends
Over/under 8: the number of GOP senators who will paint the CBO score as a partisan scheme...
How many were forced to get it who didn't want it in the first place?
I truly feel sorry for my brothers and sisters to the south. #TrumpCareKills
How much will the population increase by then? Would be a fair statement by per capital. All Progressive
I just don't understand some Americans. I'm not sure how it is over there but it's no different than paying any other form of insurance.
The @GOP is counting on more that that do die from lack of healthcare before 2026 so that number is less. That way, they win. #SaveACA
15 million will loose coverage under Obama care next year. Why don't democrats help fix this mess they put the country in? Resist more fools
Now this is a sin against God and man...
I trust the statisticians & mathematicians working for the CBO & their financial models. Not 100% accurate but a lot more than politicians.
Unbelievable. Inhumane. Unthinkable.
And how many dead due to lack of healthcare?
CBO was wrong about Obama care too remember.Why do you democrats continue to be wrong about everything.Oh yea that's because your democrats
Better Care for the Rich Act #BCRA
That is just a guess. You don't know that. 
Yes, that's because unlike Obama-care it isn't a mandate. People can choose to buy insurance or not. Stop watching fake news, get in touch.
Is that the same as the 28.5 million today according to Kaiser?
We haven't forgotten how favorably the CBO scored Obamacare, only to be proven so wrong so soon.
Why are ther 72 million people on Medicaid ?
Free Nawaz
There's no way of knowing this, by 2026 there could be 2 different presidents
Insurance companies should be furious. I mean, they are going to lose 22 million customers...
Not included in that 22 million, the 5 million who didn't get Medicaid expansion due to states GOP.
Not surprising that the GOP wants 2 kick everyone off healthcare. Still trying after a horrible incident too. Just sickening!
maga nut response tweets are so uninformed and sad.
7 years the GOP has been complaining about ACA and this is what they came up with in 7 years and now want to cram it thru in a week?
I don't want job security if it means 22 million people have to die

Trumpcare takes health care from lower & middle class in order to provide huge tax cut to the rich. Period.

http://Trumpcaretoolkit.org  https://twitter.com/dashching/status/879465794735919106 …
The republicans don't care.  Will the people accept this or come out in force to say no?
Good. That's 22mil plp off government tit.
And this is after they worked closely with CBO. Wow.
Go back to the drawing board Senators & try asking someone other than lobbyists for counsel.
How many have "coverage" now that the ACA forced them to buy, but they can't actually USE it, so they're paying for a worthless product?
IF true, what percentage will "lose" coverage because they didn't want it in the first place but were forced to buy it under ACA?
It's a choice. It is no longer punishable monetarily to not have insurance. Why do you chose to be one-sided in reporting.
When has the CBO EVER been correct? Why do we even put any stock in what they say? Yet, we treat these pronouncements as "fact".
CBO was very very wrong on Obamacare.
I'm gonna be a part of that 22,000,000M 
#ACA number was out by13million;So this means22-13=9Mil uninsured,which is better than #Obamacare;$Billions less deficit;Deflecting #SCOTUS?
But the Dems are "obstructing", right? Maybe they just don't want to see 22 million off of insurance! Fancy that!
Stop whining go find a job with benefits work hard for a living I did it works !
@POTUS @newtgingrich CBO is corrupt and their predictions are irrelevant and useless they rub their 8 ball to come up with this propaganda
Heard more about Colin Kaepernick's silent protest than Senate's bill knocking 23 mill off Health Insurance. @StephenCurry30 @KDTrey5
TrumpCare = DontCare
@realdonaltrump
Not a hurdle for them. They don't care what happens to us.
I am sick of paying insurance for people who will not work
So this is making America Great !   Pfff
@MPRnews Does that include the number of people who won't be able to afford it due to outrageous premium increase?
Never mind those silly little statistics...how much will Koch Brothers and Betsy DeVos get in tax breaks?
Just like they were 100% wrong on the amount of people would be insured under Obamacare . CBO is not accurate .
"Congressional Budget Office" Why does our own dysfunctional politicians works against us? We give the world billions, why do we get screw?¿
I guess a bloated military budget and tax breaks for the wealthy is a nobler goal....
Stop reporting on it in terms of politics. It's not a "hurdle for GOP." It's a death sentence to thousands of human beings.
that's 1 million better? 
Well, with climate change it won't matter we'll all be dead.
The key word is 22 million ...MORE...
 49 million will be uninsured by 2026.
Puts us right back where we started before the ACA, but with less Medicaid. #KillThePoor
Trump amd his cronies are an utter disgrace.
Oh FFS. THIS IS NOT A "HURDLE" to be jumped!  These are lives that will be destroyed!
How about as compared to before Obamacare?
If you think the CBO report is bad, remember that the incompetent @realdonaldTrump administration is implementing #TrumpCare
Not much better than the plan proposed by the house is it
#AHCAKills #GOPDeathCare #Call #VetsvsTrumpcare #KillTheBill #HealthNotWealth #HellerVoteNo #TrumpcareKills #Medicaid #WakeUpAmerica #Resist
What does 22 million mean? Is everyone insured right now? Does that include the population increase? Could a tax break for the rich help?
Maybe we should just force the 22 millipn to sign up just like they were forced to sign up for ACA
Once there is no mandate, people who don't want it will become "uninsured". The bill is not throwing them off insurance.
And how many who don't want insurance, since there will be no penalty, does that number include?
Way to go republicans. As usual the rich get richer and the rest of us get a screwing.
USA USA USA
Americans have a simple choice now. Be one of the 22MM (23MM) uninsured or VOTE OUT ALL who support #Trumpcare. @GOP @DNC #YourVoteYourLife
@SenTomCotton @TomCottonAR 
Tom, THIS is the death panel. If you vote yes on this bill, you're killing Americans. You personally. Murder.
Yes 22 million MORE. So according to the CBO over 49 million Americans would be uninsured in next decade under this healthcare bill!Ill yet?
Twenty two million....more than half"Trump" supporters !!!!!!
The whole healthcare bill is a joke
So basically we're all going to die in poverty. Awesome.
Lies.  Damn lies.  Statistics.  If Lee's opt-out were included, this number would be infinitely-higher, and rightfully so.
First House version of Trumpcare: 24 million more uninsured. 2nd: 23 million. Senate version: 22 milliron. @GOP is making great progress! 
Because those 22 million will be dead due to lack of healthcare
