Must explicitly condemn hateful, fascist antifa thugs, who violently attacked & intimidated in #Charlottesville. No other way around it.
Are you pro-fascism?
(assuming you mean me) Pro COTUS, pro law & order, & really appalled that people can watch the #charlottesville videos & blame only one side
Only one side murdered someone.
But to be clear, you oppose those who stand against fascism?
If you believe those who practice fascism "stand against fascism" then you don't have the facts in front of you. Again, start w Berkeley.
You don't seem to understand what fascism is.
Fascism is a form of radical authoritarian nationalism that's opposed to liberalism and is a far right ideology.
Seems it was a 2 way encounter. But the truth would be totally out of character for you.


Remind me again which side murdered someone.
Speak up. What do you want to say? Enough with the stupid little pics. Say it. Shooting Senators = good? Destroying history, okay? Speak!
One group showed up as an armed militia ready to fight for white supremacy and nazi ideals. One group showed up to fight fascism.
Yes they were singing hymnals and turning the other cheek. What planet were you on when this was happening? A true idiot
So you think it's wrong to stand up to fascism?
Oh. You want "white" thrown in there for what purpose ?
Are you fucking serious?
Easily triggered lol
You're the one upset that someone condemned white supremisists because it contained the word "white"....
So exactly like @realDonaldTrump did then? Glad you agree.
Must do more than condemn. Rhetoric not enough- need active agenda 2 protect voting rights & fight against systemic injustices.
Oh yes how about all you libtards go out & beat people up & terrorizem good tell they only repeat words that you deem to be ok .. ok ? 
Condemnation by tweet are not enough WE NEED ACTION. We expect both Rep &Dem to #25ththe45th No Korea & now Heather - Trump must be stopped
Yes we must. But do you have proof that they started the #charlotesville violence? Who came w helmets & baseball bats? Why? Promote peace?
Who showed up like this?

Spoiler alert: not the good guys.
And your thoughts on BLM and Antifa???
STOP WITH SOCIAL MEDIA, go back to DC n formulate a DNC UNIFIED OPPOSITION TO TRAITOR TRUMP.
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
BLM is not a hate group, they are not trying to exterminate an entire race of people like the KKK is. I cannot believe I have to say this.
You should have done that at Standing Rock. Condemn your racist law enforcement, legislature and Governor I mean.  You did nothing!
Trump is condoning them. Now GOP is complicit. Articles of impeachment for this incompetent, corrupt racist, willfully dividing the nation.
Must explicitly condemn hateful jihadist attack in #Barcelona as "radical Islamic terrorism." Why haven't you? No other way around it!
We must not only speak against evil we must act against it. 
   
We do not have a leader in the White House, lets remove his title.
And condemn Dems for not taking any responsibility.
Make sure you condemn the AltLeft and their clear attempts to incite a violent  reaction. It was them senator that showed up with weapons.
That's not from Charlottesville.
What about Antifa?

To every member of Congress - harsh words are not enough. You cannot allow a neo-Nazi defender to remain in power. #ImpeachTrump

You cannot be a Nazi or Nazi sympathizer and consider yourself a patriot. We made that decision 76 years ago. #ImpeachTrump 

#ImpeachTrump

This is how Trump was greeted back home after his horrific statement today on Charlottesville 
When are U going to condemn the racist @realDonaldTrump?  Get moving! And after calling ur office and asking in posts, RU switching parties?
People are frightened
Call Trump out!
@SenatorHeitkamp , God Matters

To not call for a Prez, who's words are those of a hater, to step down or b impeached, would b as complicit in allowing this 2 go on z is he
Must condemn the #Antifa hooded thugs who espouse a virulent marxism and have wracked American cities with chaos and blood.
THATS NOT REAL. THE WOMAN DEAD AT THE HANDS IF A WHITE SUPREMACIST IS REAL.
Please tell me ur definition of a "white supremacist ".
Talk is cheap. Reinstate the Voter Rights Amendment. Pass a law to end Gerry mandering. Action speaks louder than words. Stand up $ fight
Move to impeach, Senator. Your president isn't going to change.
Not just in Charlottesville, not just in this incidence.  Full out condmenation - which means no more Bannon, Miller, Gorka.
Do u condemn Antifa???? Or are u ok with them. Until u condemn all hate groups u r a hack. Shame on you
He did. You're just mad the spotlight is on the militant branch of your fascist party.
Disgusting that we now have a #CommanderInSheets that is in bed with the wrong side on this topic #IMPEACH45ToKeepAmericaAlive
I understand u, but why r u not condemning antifa, r u afraid of them and the left
Trump needs to be #Impeached or #Resign. 
#ImpeachOrResign
No other choice
Do you condemn antifa.  Hate fueled violence is all they know.
IT'S TOO LATE. Trump is a domestic threat. REMOVE HIM. DO SOMETHING.
Impeach him
President did just that.  You must not have anything better to do. That's why  now I'm republican after 40 years as dem
Agreed, also need to condemn hateful racist BLM and ANTIFA. If you are going to condemn hate then all hate needs to be condemned
You must condem trump and move on impeachment we can't have a sexual predator, racist and unhinged manager in the whitehouse
I don't even want 45 to condemn it anymore     it means nothing anyway    let people see him for what he is
What about hateful alt left groups who planned at St. Pauls to meet this group's demonstration with violence?
Our president took strong stand against hate
Because no one in those groups chanted about killing Jews, killed someone, and then celebrated it. THIS IS NOT HARD TO UNDERSTAND.
Oh you need to do a lot more than condemn.Enough is enough.
You need to explicitly condemn our President who will not do this, Senator.
And we need to condemn anyone who will not say their were two sides
Nazis and not Nazis are the two sides, Roger. One side is right and the other is wrong.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT HIM
sounds...racist
He didn't wants next get him out or the bodies & blood will be on the hands of the congress @UN where are the good Nazis?
If you haven't seen the condemnations of #WhiteSupremacists by now, you're deliberately avoiding them so you have something to rage about.
You need to condemn ALL of them. Starting with the occupants of the White House!

#ImpeachTrump #FireBannon #FireGorka
Thank you. You were on the wrong side of #DAPL but show me strong on this. Please hold the party accountable!
@SenateDems BUT HE WONT and ISNT!  What next?  Something must be done to impeach him.
Why didn't you cry impeach when Obama was giving our money to Iran
It is past time for Trump and his gang of crooks to go
We need more than tweets.  #impeach
I believe he just did the opposite which are his true feelings and what are we going to do about it?
Put those words into action.
I'M OVER THE WORDS. NO MORE WORDS. DO SOMETHING OR VOTERS WILL.
That has been done.  Quit pandering
Do you denounce @HillaryClinton for praising her mentor & friend R Byrd #KKK leader from the State Dept? #hypocrite
Now put some actions behind those words. Rein him in!!!!!!
Condemnation will not stop them while they have a Fake King leader in the White House!
cc: @SenJohnHoeven and @RepKevinCramer
