Still have some concerns with Tillerson's ties to Russia and admin’s talk of loosening sanctions. Will continue to closely monitor.
I am not a North Dakota resident, but I am very disappointed that you, as a Democrat Senator, would vote for Tillerson.
Sigh. . . may we ask that you vote #noDevos #NoSessions ?
I am a conservative North Dakotan that has voted for you, Conrad, Dorgan etc. and could not be happier with your vote!
She needs to join your right wing pary.we don't want her.take her Trump/Russia BS to the GOP.we don't want her.
this is incredibly disappointing.
I hope you're ready to get primaried by @justicedems
Nothing to do with your links to Big Oil. 
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/13/republicans-question-russia-links-rex-tillerson-oil-executive/ … #NoDAPL
You sold out.  Shame on you.
You trader. Crook. Earth rapists
Shameful. Yours was 1 of a mere 4 Democrats that allowed him 2B approved. You've betrayed your constituents & country.
If worried about keeping seat: Why would Repubs vote 4 1/2ass Dem over Repub? Dems don't want weak Dem either. U lose both.
Yep. if liberals don't vote for her again this time,she is finished.as she should be. get her the hell out
it is not pragmatism or diplomacy with people like #RexTillerson but you fail to see how noticeable your lack of spine is.
coward
This was a very stupid move.  Democrats won't support you now.
I called my friends in ND to make sure you are removed from office due to your YES vote for Tillerson.
You trader. Crook. Earth rapists
Wasted Vote! You know his ties to Russian Oil.  This will bite you, sorry.
You made the right decision- Sec. Tillerson is imminently qualified. The ppl of ND overwhelmingly support President Trump
what a horrible thing to do.
You won't have to worry about being re-elected. I think you just ended your career
, you should be ashamed of this vote. I sure am. Stand up already! This isn't a bipartisan issue. It's an environmental one.
TRAITOR
You Work for US!  To even say you had reservations pisses me off!  Your office was flooded with calls to say NO! #SELLOUT
shameful!
the turtle mountains is pissed.  Such a coward. What's next...Devos?
thanks for putting Putin's choice in for SoS.
you failed the ultimate test here, I am so ashamed of my support for you.  Truly ashamed.
you need to leave the davis-bacon act alone and do not make National right to work law
@DNC @TheDemocrats @jimmy_dore #NoDAPL

It is time to remove the so called "Democrats" whose loyalty is with big $ like GOP
Why would you approve such a horrible choice who even you had doubts about? Enjoy your last term in office.
#shameonyou
You are a traitor to your country.
if you had concerns, why did you vote yes? Oh, because you're up for reelection at the midterms. Smh
You had my financial support in the last election. You won't have it in the next one.
how much did you get?...30 silver coins?..we shall talk about that  during re-election...
Traitor! What happened to the greater good? Your corrupt and need to go. Disgusting!
This is why Dems keep losing. No long-term strategic vision or unity. POTUS will roll you over, not negotiate w/you.
this betrayal vote will NOT be forgotten
"smart national security strategies" does not involve voting for Tillerson, who put Exxon ahead of USA Security. #tillerson
This will surely be a decision remembered the next time you run for re-election. #shameonyou
you should be ashamed of yourself. Rex will destroy the US foreign policies to line his & Trumps pockets.
with democrats like you, who needs Republicans?  You are a coward and a traitor and you sold us out. we won't forget.
"holistic policies?" With Putin?! Terrible decision on your part; disastrous results for us. #TillersonWillEndUs
very disappointing that you voted yes on Tillerson. A climate denier who will do great things for Russia but not for the US
Her state voted for Trump by 30%.Id say she listened 2 the people who put her in office.Tillerson is great
less than 20% of the state voted...she was voted in with more.  She did not listen. Coward.
WTF r u talking about. Theres like 700k people in ND. 217k voted for Trump alone. Math much?
We wont forget.your betrayal of American ideals and values is astounding.
.@SenatorHeitkamp Why???? Isn't there enough proof that he's going to be a DTrump goon!!! This can only be a terrible decision. No Dem unity
Thank you he will make an excellent Secretary of State
@All100Senators voting someone in that you have "reservations and concerns" about makes no sense. What did he offer you?
"striking a delicate balance". Is a confession for your unwillingness to fight. 
The mid terms will not be "delicate"
Words that mean nothing. Enjoy the paycheck.
Sorry, but you just lost my vote. I voted for you last time, but not again after this. I don't want big oil in my govt
great news,  ND deserves a true conservative.
Like just about everyone else in this thread, I don't live in ND. But my family there are grateful for your wisdom.
Thank you Senator Heitkamp, from a ND resident. Show them the midwest common sense. Don't forget SCOTUS. You have mysupport
Your polito-babble statement is BS.
2 things stand out: he's your friend & loosening sanctions 

Holistic policies now? 
You have failed us and your party miserably! Shame on you!
Have fun in the Democratic Primary
haha I followed you in an attempt to support democratic senators. Silly me. You voted for him WITH RESERVATIONS?? Wow lolol
you probably made a mistake with your base.
what little there was in this state to begin with.
And monitoring this disgrace we must call our President has worked so well thus far? Really bad decision.
collaborator
Heidi and @MarkWarner are the only "Democratic" senators who have confirmed EVERY Trump cabinet nominee. #VoteThemOut
I don't support  your Tillerson vote.  He IS big oil. Supporting him supports the blurring of conflict of interests.
non of which he can provide.
Everyone will remember you in history to abandoning your party in HOPES of getting re-elected. This will NOT WORK
We need oligarchs out of Washington. Tillerson has no foreign diplomacy experience, only Russian nationalist experience.
Our country DOES NOT BELONG TO THE OIL MAGNATES OR THE RICH OR THE INSANE!!!!!! WHY why why would you contribute to this???
disgusting
sell out
Oh my god, please, please, please read 1984. Read newspapers from the 1930s. This is not funny. This is not a tv show.
you should be challenged at primary
We need to save our country from this abominable madness - not freely and unabashedly hand it over in cowardice!!!! ARGH!!!
WHAT???? Tillerson???? Exxon CEO???? Are. You. Kidding. Makes no sense and is inexusable!!!!!!!!!!!!! Simply inexusable.
What they promise you? What was your price? You all have one, it seems. For you 2 betray an entire peoples & their children
seriously you must have been paid very well , but tick tock tick tock and when it is time...Byeeeeee
#firedin19! This is how we got here.
..@SenatorHeitkamp  #TRAITOR YOU ARE THE PROBLEM. #ImpeachTrump #RESIST #DISRUPT #DEFY
Wrong decision. You must listen to the people who are contacting you or you won't remain in the Senate.
Your are wrong. Why don't you admit your really a Repub. Tillerson is the fox in the hen house.His interests are Exxon only
Beyond disappointed in this decision.
Alturnative facts..lol.  1/2 trillion oil deal with Russia invade others. yeah right, we know exactly what is going on.
You've joined the ranks of those willing to betray their own country for temporary political gain.
reading your tweets, I'm struck by how much pain you are in little snowflake. You must cry all day.
Judging by your alignment with fascism, I'm struck by how weak and irrelevant you are.
Fail. Pathetic. You choose Russia. Traitor
one word BULLSHIT
wow sell out we the people will remember now you too are a nazi supporter
And what will he do while you "monitor"? You've received my last vote.
how are you going to monitor? Sad to see this very poor decision on a very dangerous pick. Anything to do with ND energy?
thank you, now please vote for the rest of Trump nominees. So govt can get to work. ND watching
Coward!!!!
Given Tillerson's record, your concerns seem small indeed. This is disappointing. He's an unacceptable choice.
history will frown upon your decision.
