Unacceptable. Ever heard of #WeWillReplaceYou? Maybe your constituents have.
She would be replaced with a Trump lapdog. She's from a state (73% voted Trump) that will probably vote her out for being a dem.
are you assuming that Bernie or someone like could flip North Dakota? The primary means nothing state wide.
Do you know what the political sentiment is here? It's a miracle that there are any dems in the state legislature
Thank you for your vote. North Dakota needs common sense not coastal sense.
You will get nothing you were promised. You sold your soul and turned you back on your constituents. #VoteHerOut
Your support of Trump will not go unnoticed  #WeWillReplaceYou
I am disappointed in our senators for voting in favor of Pruit. He will destroy EPA.

@senmarcorubio @SenBillNelson Senator Nelson, I wanted to thank you for voting against Pruitt. Rubio follows GOP. Sad.
very disappointed in ND.
we know you voted for yet another corporate tool because you are a corporate tool. Hope you're unemployed soon
With will due respect, he cannot be held accountable. His aim is to destroy the agency he heads. Beyond disappointed.
You need to go.
SHAME ON YOU Heitkamp! You've betrayed the environment #pollutingPruitt #sellout #WaterIsLife How much were you paid?
According to Open Secrets, about $200,000 from oil and gas.
CHEAP
Shame.
AWFUL vote. Hope that the voters in your state hold you accountable.  #disgusted
Very disappointed in your vote! Expected better from you.
SHAME ON U, HEIDI. U know his record--& U know the emails that were about to come out! U should've voted NO ON PRUITT!
traitor
1. @SenatorHeitkamp Sorry. Not good enough. I was going to send money to your campaign because I know you're up for reelection but knowing
climate change is real.  But it interferes with your nefarious  fossil fuel goals, doesn't it?  You are a liar
Your vote for Pruitt means you're a co-conspirator to ruining the environment and the health of our children.Shameful.

who owns you?
Since U voted for Scott Pruitt confirmation U should be made 2 drink, cook and bathe in Flint water during EPA tenure.
shocked and disgusted by your vote.  holding him accountable is not enough. How could you do this to our future?
Shame on you. Holding him accountable isn't stopping him.  No democrat should ever vote for you again.
When the emails are reviewed, your YEA vote will be considered a huge mistake.  Politically damaging. Consider a job.
2018
Oh, and BTW, coal is never coming back. Major eneergy players have moved on to less costly resources.
...and moved on to #renewable sectors like #solar #wind & #efficiency that employ WAY more Americans.
you will lose your job. It doesn't seem to mean that much to you anyway
@traitor to democrat Party
fake democrat
traitor!
Sellout!
can you go home and face your children after voting for Scott Pruitt? Sorry kids mom voted to destroy the planet today
Disgusting. I hope you are voted out at the first opportunity. You are NOT a democrat!
you will be voted out of office.
who paid you off?
how much did they pay you for that vote? #bribes
You have no integrity. Switch parties; you're embarrassing us. Real democrats still care about clean air and water.
Disgraceful vote. Shameful. Appalling behavior for a Democrat. Bad air. Bad water. YOU and Manchin are responsible.
you're a sellout. You will be replaced! Remember you voted to screw those who trusted and voted for you.
How many times has Pruitt sued the very agency he will now be leading....13 including 8 pending cases.  Shame on You!
#followthemoney into your pocket industry. #WaterIsLife #KeepItInTheGround Don't expect to get re-elected
Are you out of your God damn mind??
You voted for Pruitt, then send email asking for my support  I will work to get a real Democrat to replace you.
.@SenatorHeitkamp @EPA Your last term.
How dare you vote for a denier of science to lead the EPA? This is quite telling of who you represent.
One word: primary.
Got a campaign money request. Wouldn't send you a nickel after Pruitt vote.
So very disappointed in you and our current senate.
Isn't he a fox guarding the hen house with his anti-EPA record!?
Given the choice between a Republican and someone who acts like one, people will vote for the real one every time.
- Truman
, PLEASE - ask me for a campaign contribution after you voted #Pruitt to lead the @EPA? You're as bad as the #GOP #sellout
Shame indeed!
Coal is done and so now is your so-called career. You're a traitor to the children that get lead poisoning now.
seriously so disappointed!
I get requests for donations to you. I donate to progressive democrats. But you too close to GOP #NoDAPL
You're done. You are a DINO and now everyone knows it. You're willing to gut the EPA. Start looking for a new job.
shame on you
nah. Sad!
you sold out, you have no honor. Cave in much? What will you doom next? #dirtypolitics
What have you done?
You are disgraceful!
the earth & the environment can die at your hands!  I wouldn't trust you with anything concerning the needs of people
You obviously are not representing your constituents, Democrats, or Americans in general. It makes no sense.  WRONG!
let's see you have 39 likes now and look at all these negative comments & the "hearts" that go with them-thousands !
shame on you. You are not a true human
Oh, what's that, you voted for Pruitt?  #townhall NOW 
traitor
name noted. Pack you bags next election. Better start macramé evening classes, HYPOCRITE.
The Eyes of the Future are looking back at us and they are praying for us to see beyond our own time.”Terry TempestWilliams
YOU sold out 2 ALIGN w BIG OIL- 2018 i will make sure to share this FAR n WIDE WATCHING YOUR EVERY MOVE-EPIC FAIL
hope you read your tweet comments...shameful vote and you own it.  How could you as a Dem and an American?
You voted for a climate change denier. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Senator - bad choice on your vote. We are watching.
What were you thinking????  Pruitt is a disaster, his goal is to destroy EPA. Shameful vote.
Good luck with that. ND won't forget your vote, might consider updating your resume, job hunt on the horizon.
Shame on you!
Shameful and disappointing that you voted to enable climate change denier Scott Pruitt to take control of EPA.
What is wrong with you? This isn't something I would be proud if! #goodbyemotherearth
SHAME on YOU
We paid @SenatorHeitkamp a ton of money to help tank the @EPA. Hope the rest of you can afford the bottled air we'll be selling.
How can you possibly hold a climate change denier accountable?  Truth obviously means nothing to him.  #disappointed
Good luck with that.  He only cares about not  sad #BanFracking
.@SenatorHeitkamp Please remove my name from your donor list.
#WaterIsLife  #NoDapl  #ProtectTheProtectors
You could have voted no and saved yourself the trouble. Election time will tell how smart your choice was.
Irreparable harm to your constituents. Your selfish vote speaks volumes about where your interest lies.
pure moral weakness
... That is not a win in strategy. It's time to primary you weaklings. You and @Sen_JoeManchin #byebye
you kowtow to the GOP base in your state who would never vote for you, while alienating your real voter base...
Girl, you're gonna get primaried. Sad, b/c I want  in office. But if you won't fight 45's agenda, we need one who will.
Ya, right. Ya, right.
I'm confused... so to "hold someone accountable" you have to vote for them? You and Manchin should just switch to GOP
shame on you
you mk me cry. How could u vote for a person who has sued the #EPA 14xs? Go drink downstream from unregulated water
SHAME ON YOU! This will not be forgotten!
- start looking for a new job climate traitor.
You turned back on dems, your constituents and most importantly the environment. You sealed your fate for next primary
Stop with the "holding accountable" The only thing you account for is $ you get from oil and gas @SenatorHeitkamp
We will hold you accountable for this. Shame on you. This is your last term.
you will not be reelected. You are a Traitor.  Sure you will hold him accountable!
Enjoy being a pariah. That was a really stupid decision.
SHAME ON YOU; SHAME ON YOU; SHAME ON YOU; that puppy u posted won't breathe well under P's direction; SHAME!
No profile in courage for you. Shameful vote. Senate Dem leadership should remove you from any leadership role. Shame
Shame on you. I mean, shame. How much $ did you get to throw us all under the bus?
what will you do for your next career? You only have a couple of years to figure it out
Shame on you!
May the planet weigh heavy on your soul. You're a sellout.
voting for him was a mistake. You sold us out for $$$
@ScottPruittOK goes against everything you're saying you hope he accomplishes... how could you sell out your constituents?
Heidi, U do get it. Glad 2see you are looking out for ND. Now please help with the ACA replacement. So we can do taxes
So sad that you ditched the wishes of those who voted for you. Kiss your re-election goodbye.
How could you vote for someone with such lack of judgment and before the emails were released. Shame
Hold him accountable by NOT having voted for him based on evidence already shown he supports business over planet
how on earth can you hold him accountable? That's what your vote was for, holding him accountable for his record. Ugh!
Hope you lose in the primaries, or even to a Republican. Not like anyone would see a difference if they won it.
you should be ashamed. Pruitt will only help pollute your state.    Bad decision!
but not accountable enough to not confirm? Get ready to lose your job! :D
And how do plan on doing that, hmmm. Maybe by Carrying Water for Him
you will hold Pruitt #accountable ? #pantsonfire #VoteThemOut
very disappointing that on such a thing as environment you wouldn't stand up to a man with a track record as dubious.
Shame on you to vote for Pruitt to destroy the EPA ,hope your state remembers you at polls.
.@SenatorHeitkamp @EPA  This vote will be your downfall.  Hope you have nightmares about harm Pruitt will cause humans & earth!  #Shame
You let this nation down, you let public health down, you let our kid's future down. You voted for polluters!
Shame!
Wow, way to betray the environment and your party!
shame shame shame. Who lined your pockets? Accountability would have been a no vote. A GOP Senator in disguise
How much are they paying you??? Just #shameful #TheResistance
Supporting Pruitt was an outrageous betrayal. I trust you were well paid for your vote. Shame on you! What a c**t!
You are a disappointment, you just voted a climate change denier as the head of the EPA who also has stock in oil co.
I'll be donating to the campaign of your opponent in your next primary. U r a Republican...just OWN IT!
Shame on you!
How much did he pay you? More than @BetsyDeVos paid @marcorubio?
Sell Out!!! Pruitt is a corporate shill for the energy companies and you know it!
Sad to see Sen from beautiful ND support the worst possible, corrupt candidate for #EPA. Completely illogical. Shame!
how much did the oil lobby donate?
Why? Your constituents want to see Dems take a stand. Even if he's still confirmed a nay shows dissent #resist
REALLY?!  See you in 2018.
wtf. shame on you ...turncoat.
- how could u ? really ? willful blindness ... a disgrace - i will support the democrats who runs against u #shame
how are any of the splinters getting through? Pruitt, SERIOUSLY he #sued the #EPA now he is in charge. #think
ha not splinters. Meant to say confirmations
short-sighted, selfish decision. You chose your own reelection chances over the future of civilization.#shame
I am really ashamed of you.
I hope you get eaten alive by bald eagles
we're holding YOU accountable for what he does. Enjoy your last term #TheResistance we will vote you out
that's strike two
you will not hold him accountable for anything. If it were true, you would have voted NO. HIS RECORD IS INDEFENSIBLE
Shame, Shame, Shame!!! What did they put in your pockets?
Just want to say, You Suck. Live with knowing you helped kill the environment for your grandchildren. Horrible.
hold him accountable???? You obviously did not do your homework! I will make sure I donate to your opponents campaign.
With Dems like you, who needs the GOP?  Good luck with those #EPA smart regs". We'll work to primary your ass.
Bullshit!  You just sold out your country. Your kids have to breath the same air, drink the same water as the rest.
"Though you have concerns..." Yeah right. Could have waited for the release of emails! #sellout #disgrace #shame #DINO
@Sen_JoeManchin BEYOND disappointed in you. Among the worst candidates to ever be considered, and you greenlighted it
Shame on you.
You should be ashamed of yourself!! I will give money to any democrat who will run against you!
I hope you never get elected again for voting for him.  What a disgrace
Boy did you f**k up. Future generations will curse your name.
You should be ashamed of yourself. Choosing money over our environment. Shameful. #ClimateChangeIsReal #newenergy
Thanks for nothing, hope to see you voted out
Not good enough to "hold him accountable." Before or after he guts EPA? OK is fracked, we're next..
