1-size-fits-all Stream Protection Rule didn't make sense 4 ND's lignite coal workers/industry. Will cont. to stand up 4 commonsense policies
What is wrong with you??? How could you ever think protecting streams is a bad think. Shame!!!
you are joke! Please switch to Republican party. You are not a Democrat!
I was unaware that rivers stop at state boarders. Thanks for clearing that up Heidi! Can't wait to see you fail in 2018!
you fkd up big time ,our fragile environment is dying and you just helped seal the deal !clean house 2018!!!
how was this harmful to he environment?
Your kids like drinking polluted water? Mine don't. Quit working for #bigoil
In what parallel universe are you a Democrat serving the people of ND? You're a big oil/coal GOP'er in Dem clothing.
you're finished in 2018. Better get yourself on Obamacare
This is very disappointing, very, very, disappointing. Children not safe on this one. Coal already implemented it too.
while I understand the need for pragmatism, there are core values that define progressive...this ain't it!
How dare we protect streams!  #saveour
#BOO
haha then you voted for scott pruitt ?  the guy who will poison your streams...your no democrat !!
you are THE WORST. Thee worst. Thanks for effing it up for the rest of us 
OMG you are so bad for the future of our environment. How can you call yourself a democrat let alone caring for our people?
Water is our most vital resource.  It must be protected.  Why do you put money over life?
Your kidding right?
traitor to our planet and your party.  You will be ousted.
Yeah, fuck those nasty streams. Who needs clean water anyway?
you are normalizing facism!!!! Shame on you!!!!!!!
and look who's right there next to her, our favorite Republicrat @Sen_JoeManchin
Shame on you. You have lost your miral compass & you stand on the wrong side of history. Shame. On. You.
harmful to dump coal crap in streams? Harmful fot your pocket book...how much did you sell yourself for??
tell me how this prevented jobs from being created... plus there are more important things than jobs
YOUR HARMFUL!
yeah, for god sakes who wants to PROTECT the WATER?! Oh wait, u people in the Dakota govt sure don't. U=fail
seriously? Y don't you  join the other party
And you're proud of this???
How will this create jobs?
 It will only help the company's bottom line
does it affect the streams in your constituency??
If your GGrandchildren hate your guts for your pro pollution stance,  at least you rode the Trump train.  @SenatorHeitkamp
Have fun drinking contaminated water @SenatorHeitkamp.
Yes, BC undoing a law that protects our water is good for the ppl. Who is paying you to do evil? @SenatorHeitkamp
Why don't you just change parties?
Harmful and stream protection are words that do not go together.
All that whiteness.
Water flows downstream, hope you are too for all the pollution you have unleashed with your votes.  Shame on you.  Wake up
.@SenatorHeitkamp You really look like you really BELONG next to him.  What about a cabinet position after your are primaried?
Hard to believe ppl don't just walk up to you and 'bitch slap' you for doing this and then bragging about it. Despicable!!
Cause if there is one thing we all can agree on it's a war against clean water. Congrats on that stupid move.
I guess this means we can bottle the water near ND mines for you to drink and cook with at your home and office? Smh.
You do realize what an idiotic statement that is, correct?
.@SenatorHeitkamp, ND should be so proud. When fracking fucks up water, kills your farms, oil is gone, North Dakota will have you to thank.
Congrats Heidi! Enjoy it! This will be a nice memory for you in 2018!
go drink from a stream now, I dare you
Can you please explain to me how the Stream Protection Rule harmed anyone or anything? Protection /= harm. I am confused.
You should have to drink the water. You people are soul-less. Is the money you illegally receive really worth it?
.@SenatorHeitkamp Enjoy the polluted water. Hope folks don't rely on fish from the streams, or animals that drink the water, for food to eat
so you are against protecting waterways?  Incredible!
.@SenatorHeitkamp Who's up for a primary challenge in ND?
yeah, screw those streams.  I always hated streams anyway.
this is something you're proud of? It's not a job stimulus, it's an environment killer.
Hell yeah! Screw those streams! Protecting clean water is for suckers! You sold your soul.
Yeah I cant wait until your constituents are poisoned.
I hope you like coal-flavored water.  Drink some.
Is the coal miner on the far left using oxygen?
Any idea if your common sense campaign contributions were from Amer.Cancer Society? Know anyone w/Cancer Heidi?
FLINT, Mi. Kids/ppl were poisoned. If U don't think polluted food/water is linked 2 cancer/disease you lack education
You just lost many people's support!
because of this, you have loss my support.
please explain how this is harmful to anyone other than the coal industry. Would you drink this water?
I sincerely hope that you are down stream and your drinking water becomes polluted.  You should be ashamed!
SHAME ON YOU for dumping coal waste into streams! #WaterIsLife You're putting profits before people's health, disgraceful!
Sad to see you don't understand the value of water or the land.
Because protecting streams is a bad thing? YOU ARE A POLLUTER WE WILL NOT FORGET #resist
WOW you really don't care about what kind of planet you're leaving for the future #resign
You're a sellout.
You mean to allow the energy industry to dump into our rivers with no regulations? Shameful
How is this "harmful"? Explain yourself! Are you even a scientist? SAD!
You are shameful and will be voted out
why do you call yourself a Democrat?
Prepare to get primaried out next time around, DINO.
#toxicwater #voteyouout. #traitor. When you get sick from your toxic water may #trump healthcare be your coverage
u should be thoroughly ashamed of yourself. Shame!
The harmful stream Protection Law that's an oxymoron

This is why she voted for Pruitt she doesn't care about environment
If Senator Heitkamp cared about the environment she wouldn't have voted for Pruitt
We need LEADERS to stand up to the GOP
We need to vote Senator Heitkamp out she can't stand up to the GOP
How dare you vote for this man
Really
Payoffs from the oil and gas bigwigs? Shame on you.
oh that's great Senator now pour some COAL MINING WASTE into that stream with your support of Scott Pruitt.
Shameful.  So disappointed you voted to confirm Pruitt earlier today.  Do you hate the environment or love corporate $$$$$?
Wow, you all don't care a bit about clean water in ND do you!  #NODAPL
Shame on you.
Plus you voted to confirm Pruitt. Shame on you!
on behalf of the lobbyists at big business - great work Heidi!!
How do you sleep at night?  You obviously are with the wrong party!  Republicans value money over the environment.
So disappointed in you; where is your sense of right and wrong.  Thanks for voting to pollute our land, water and air.
harmful for whom? The lining in your pockets from big coal?
you're a traitor to your people. I hope you enjoy that blood money while it poisons our water.
privilege?
Yes, keeping the water clean is SO harmful. Hope you are just as brave helping fuck up the air, and soil too. #coward
Wait--so you WANT pollution in the what? 2.5% fresh water we have left?
2. Please explain why you voted yes on Pruitt. I want to know what exactly about him makes him ok to lead EPA.
here's hoping your life is as devastated by environmental poisoning as your constituents' will be.
must've gotten this in return for your EPA vote.
You're proud of this?!?
how do you sleep at night?
Expect the boot from the D party.
Please put your constituents' health before coal companies' bank accounts! REJECT PRUITT AND POLLUTION
It is HORRIBLE to allow the streams and people downstream to be polluted.  Vote NO on Scott Pruitt for EPA!
By all means! Let's permit coal industry 2 dump sludge&poisons! It's only reasonable. I lv drinking toxins, hope ur kids do
this is your reward for being a traitor to the democrat party and you get to destroy the entire world at the same time
Yet, you're going to hand over the EPA to Pruitt. Makes a lot of sense.
Trump is unstable and a danger to our democracy. Please wake up!
When our rivers and streams are so polluted we can't fish, swim or drink fresh water what law will you think makes sense?
oh thank god you are allowing companies to poison local streams and water supplies. What would we do without your bravery?
This photo will come back to haunt you. Children have better memories than adults, by the way! Fact!
I just made my first donation to your primary challenger in 2018. I and my 10 million paid up environmentalists cant wait
Do not vote for Pruitt. He will devastate the US and our beautiful planet. We will remember you in 2018, primary time
no citizen ever said 'please pollute our world.' you have sided with the coal companies. you will not get reelected.
Your constituents & future generations need #Cleanwater Shame on you.
Apalling.
is lazy, delusional & irresponsible to give Corporations a pass to poison our Nations water so Heidi can line her pocket.
so you say! vote with First Americans and environmentalist against Pruit until see records. Environmental groups remember
ah, yes, let's let c- dust and heavy metals into our H2O. Let's spur the coal industry! Real long term thinking here!
POISON.
Way 2 sell out people and environ to big dirty coal & industry ppl will remember when land/water ruined
why cont to promote an occupation that kills the environment? Perhaps time to intro new jobs to n dak #nofossilfuel
YOU are now THE one voted needed to protect our water, air and land - VOTE NO FOR PRUITT. Don't ruin our country I beg you
You are a moral degenerate for voting for Pruitt and destroying our water. You make me sick.
please kindly go introduce yourself to the native people of the state you represent and ask them about water
yay let's pollute water. Ask Flynt how that worked out - you are a Dem in name only
The wildlife!! The poor kids who'll get sick. Mybleeds for the suffering that this EVIL will cause. One word for you>KARMA
Oh Bishop... No...
On a planet full of living things that need clean water,you should be ashamed.U need Continuing Education & some healing !
there is no such thing as a harmful Stream protection rule. Don't u care about the lives of your miners. Help with jobs
Nothing to be proud of Senator. You should be ashamed, you sold your soul to the highest corporate bidder. Deplorable!
you stink.
who bought and paid for you, bimbo?  The polluting industries?
- How is the Stream Protection Rule harmful when undoing it poses a greater risk for coal debris to infiltrate our waters?
I can't wait to donate to your primary opponent! #vichydems
you'll be out of office in the next election. Bye bye
My family lives downstream. Shame on you.
VOTE NO ON PRUIT. Don't kill us and our planet.
Shame on you. North Dakota deserves better. Vote No on Pruitt or you may be looking for a new job in 2018.
at some point, all the coal will be gone? Then what? Why not start on the future today?
Meet @elonmusk ... do you think you two can work together on energy ideas for ND so that this Senator can lead her state?
Selling our children's future for dirty short term gains is disgusting!  And vote for Pruitt is criminal!.
hey Heidi, you may have forgotten that you work for US not coal companies!
Was this part of McConnell and Rand's plan? Disguise a Republican POS as a Dem then completely screw everyone?
You're proud of undoing Stream Protection  Rule ? What kind of misguided, heartless, ignorant tool R U ?Oh..Republican. SUX
I get it. You're actually a Republican who only cares about getting rich at the expense of our earth. Bad person.
Ummmm...I really don' think this is something you should brag about. But that's just me.
.@SenatorHeitkamp HARMFUL stream protection rule?  Clearly you don't care about protecting clean water & future generations from pollution!
you aren't a democrat, you're just another ignorant republican seeking a paycheck at the expense of the people. #outin2018
congratulations!
The Stream Protection Rule WAS a commonsense measure. Congratulations on selling out your constituents.
all you did was help destroy this country. Unltimately all you've done is destroy your credibility. You're done in 2018.
Definitely looking forward to donating to your primary opponent! Congrats on destroying the lives and health of children
congrats on never being able to appear in public again
thank you for consigning people to death by poison you heartless shitstain
shame on you Heidi you are not fooling anybody
I know that u serve a certain constituency, but this bill is contrary to core progressive value of environmental protection
look forward to seeing you drink water from those streams. Pathetic you favour short term gains over future generations
y'know, I was just thinking there wasn't enough acid mine drainage in my hometown's water supply. Thanks for fixing that!
Stupid decision to repeal. Karma and Mother Earth will know.
Shameful.  And you call yourself a Democrat?  I hope you lose your next primary.
shame on you
"undue harmful stream protection"   writing that made my head explode
also: *privileged. As in, "I am privileged to have access to clean drinking water."
Did you lose your principles before or just after you were elected to senate? North Dakota deserves better.
.@SenatorHeitkamp First the deaths on your hands from denying background checks now you rejoice in poisoning us. You're sick.
have you no shame?
.@SenatorHeitkamp You are bought and paid for. I hope you drink coal contaminated water and vomit for 7-10 days.
- this is irony right?
Please look at yr words. 

You just said a law that protects water streams is harmful. To whom/what is this harmful?
still waiting for her response but we get nothing but silence or idiotic lip srvice which the public seethru
what's your least favorite part of clean water?
water is garbage that we do not need. thank you senator hoodie heilkamp!
My grandfather was killed in a coal mine. Thanks for making is so those same companies can now kill my children.
FOH
