@SenatorHeitkamp joins us this morning. Betsy DeVos, immigration and the Supreme Court are topics we will discuss. What should I ask her?
Rex Tillerson, huh? Congratulations, you are the scorn of the democratic party now. Everybody noticed your betrayal.
arresting Native Americans too.
she's a devil-woman, let's face it.
Excuse me @SenatorHeitkamp, are you going to be the terrible human that sabotages the lefts mission to deny DeVos?
she voted to confirm Tillerson so don't be surprised
I will donate to anyone that runs against you in the next election and I don't even live in your state. #WeAreWatching
@Dawnylin @SenatorHeitkamp 

So will I
You have cover on Devos w Murkowski and Collins. Devos sends a message to our kids that experience means nothing.
.@SenatorHeitkamp You aren't listening to your base. You voted for Tillerson. You will be primaried.
.@Vicvicvictoria @SenatorHeitkamp Then they just got her fired.
Heitkamp, selling her soul for a cabinet job is siding with tyrant trump on the leaky pipeline issue. It will kill babies!

Vote No on DeVos!!!  Vote NO on Judge Gorsuch!!
Why did she sell her soul and her party to EXXON? I'm sure Democrats would like to know! #Tillerson #traitor
why did you vote for Tillerson? Traitor.  You need to be voted out!
TRAITOR voting for TILLERSON
shame on you. Get out of the way for someone who will fight for us.
Selling us out on Betsy too? #Tillerson #exxon #DINO
we will remember your Tillerson vote. Will donate money to whoever runs against you https://m.popkey.co/8fcd74/Ooz81.gif …
How cowardly. There's no undoing what you have done. -not just Democrats will remember how you voted, but us Independents 2
do you really care you voted for Tillerson
You voted for Tillerson. Change your party registration to Republican and change your citizenship to Russian. Shame
@3DTruth @SenatorHeitkamp primary her In 2018 #enoughISenough #noDinos
traitorous move! Tillerson IS Exxonwants to drill. more sights there than anywhere else. Exxon runs state!Congrats U did it
Traitor. How much did it pay to sell out your constituents?
SHAME ON YOU! YOU are a traitor to this party. SHAME...SHAME...SHAME
Heitkamp (fake democrat), is a trump puppet. Wants cabinet position.
are you going to vote yes on this HORRIBLE pick too?!?
Heidi Heitkamp is a republican in disguise. Her and trump should not be allowed to complete the pipeline!
Your NOT True Blue, ur vote showed us ur owned by the GOPiggies! 
So disappointed that u have no courage & failed us!
please do not vote for Devos!
ask her why she voted to confirm Tillerson :(
Shame on your Tillerson vote.
Please give us your rationale for voting Tillerson?
No foreign Policy experience. This is not what your Base wants,catch up
you're a disgrace voting for Tillerson hope they vote you out.
are u take money from exxon?
is a complete sellout, unless of course she's just a DINO. yes on DAPL, no on affordable meds, yes to Tillerson = disgrace
SHAMEFUL that you voted for Tillerson! How much did @Exxon pay you? NOW is no the time to worry about reelection!!

you are not a Democrat, not a patriot and you WILL NOT be reelected.
in appointing the CEO of Exxon, you have failed the democrat base & the interests of our country. You need to go. #Resist
call the dear senator and tell her how you feel. 

#CANCELLED!
How could you Rex Tillerson???!?
SHAME!!!  You traitor, we REAL Americans will be donating to your Democratic opponent in 2018 if we're still able to vote.
shame on you. Resist or get the hell out of the way!
So you sided w/ Russia's henchman over the interests of US citizens? What could possibly lead you to that conclusion?
Why don't you just become a republican? You have no spine. Your vote approving the oilman is tragic for this country.
Hope you enjoyed your time in DC. Your days are numbered lady. Buh bye 
you're cancelled

Shame.  You let your party and your constituents down.  What did they promise you?  Such a disappointment.
what did they give you to vote for Tillerson? I hope it's enough to make a living out of it bc you'll be out of job soon
Is holding on to your seat so important that you'd place another Putin puppet at State. I'm disgusted.
You've betrayed DEMS with your vote on Tillerson. Shame on you.
You let America down on Tillerson. Don't make that mistake again.
leave the looney farm and come back to America. It's safer here and much nicer. Good job btw.
honey I hope you enjoy your time in Congress, it prob won't last long!
how the hell could you have voted yes on Tillerson?!
I'd ask her why she voted yes on #RexTillerson #Appeaser
your vote for Tillerson makes you an embarrassment to this country. Ive lost all respect for you
- why would you support an oil Barron and Russian sympathizer? Dems must stand united - shame on you!
we saw your vote for Tillerson!  This will not be forgotten.
- SHAME!!!
how dare you vote for Tillerson?! You made a huge mistake. He is absolutely horrible and the wrong choice! #shameonyou
TRAITOR - don't get comfortable in DC
how about her voting record on cabinet positions. Would like to know why?
How could you vote for Tillerson? Unacceptable
Tillerson ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
@JoelKFGO that tillerson vote was trash.

Thanks for Tillerson. Fuck it all. Vote to lift the sanctions too.
#Russiansympithizer #election2018 #Democrats #votethemout @SenateDems
