Need an education secretary who puts students 1st & will work to strengthen public school education, not privatize it as Betsy DeVos would.
1,400 NDans shared their thoughts with me on DeVos. 95% of feedback opposed Betsy DeVos for Sec. of Education - here's what they said:
Welp, that's pretty conclusive. I wonder if Senator Hoeven will reject, too.
it's good you don't have final say.
we need bureaucrats in charge of bureaus whose mission is to eliminate the bureau
the people of ND are watching Democrat Pty and Heidi H.  2018 is going to be a great year for Repubs! Defeat Heidi H! @GOP
At local college English teacher can't teach students/o pc's to write with.Product of poor public schools!
It works in ND, but not everywhere!  Poor public schools don't have a chance!  Need a national focus. Give Devos a try!
thank you
yeah whatever, you squandered any good will with your Tillerson vote today
thank you!
.@SenatorHeitkamp You might want to try visiting public schools outside North Dakota...
@DFlexmatrix Thank you
you are going to get creamed in 2018
I hope the good people of your state vote you out of office.
A restaurant makes a better burger when another restaurant opens across the street...Let priv schools compete w/ pub school
Private school competition through vouchers will only strengthen public schools
@skrashen I am surprised you don't recognize the importance choice.
As a parent and former public school teacher- I thank you!
good on you Heidi, thank you
thank you for doing what we send our reps to Washington to do: to vote for the good of the people & our children!
I am glad to see that.  Husband of Higher Education Teacher.  Sad to see a person against public education
Bravo.
thank you Senator for saying no to this stunningly unqualified candidate
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
@jamesmpope good because she helped to really mess up the schools in Michigan
Yay!
Thank you for not supporting the deVos nomination.
Thank you!!
Thank you! STAND TALL! The #popularmajority stands with you~! Support from the East Coast! #noban #NoHateNoFear
thank you for opposing DeVos!!!
Betsy has done more for education than you have ever thought about. As a ND resident, it's our VOTE
YES!!!! Thank you for speaking for us Senator, now how about @RepKevinCramer @SenJohnHoeven stand up with @SenatorHeitkamp
Thank you!  I wish (and hope--because it's not over yet) more of your colleagues had your courage!
thank you, Sen. Heitkamp, for protecting our public schools!
Thank you @SenatorHeitkamp
@edvotes THANK YOU!!
@edvotes Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
@teachers4bernie Thank you Senator! 

Thank you, Senator. I got my public education in N.Dak. and understand its value. I applaud your courage and 'no' vote.
Thank you Senator!
Me too!!
Thank you, Senator Heitkamp, for placing country before party. This Democrat and school teacher salutes you.
Thank you, Senator Heitkamp! Voting no is doing what is best for all American public school children!
Wow. Really? Seems like you just cowtowed to left. Hope North Dakotans are okay with that.
I thank you and my students thank you! 
@terridonovan12 love ya.
that's great but  why didn't you vote NO on Rex Tillerson?  Trump/Russian ties are too obvious to ignore.
Thank you for having guts to represent we in ND. Hoeven and Cramer waiting for DJT to tell them what to say.
Thank You Heidi!!! Now please help some of your GOP Colleagues understand this too!!
I pray you feel the same about Rep.Price as u do about Davos. NoDak's citizens and hospitals NEED the ACA. #blockPrice
Thanks for protecting public schools. I didn't nominate DeVos! It was Steve Bannon!
We have open enrollment here in ND which offers *choice*. Many states are not so fortunate. Really Heidi?!
Thank you, Sen. Heitamp. May others share your integrity.
From a public school teacher, thank you, thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you for your courage, Senator. I hope @sendavidperdue and @SenatorIsakson arrive at the same informed decision.
Thank you.
Thank you. As a West Michigan resident, DeVos has been a blight on our state.
Thank you, Senator.
You are my hero!
What about your counterpart on the other side of the aisle? Can he follow your lead? Does he have the courage?
.@SenatorHeitkamp Thank you from CO!
@CoryGardner I urge you to do the same.
Thank you!
@JohnnyIsakson Senator Isakson: Pay Attention!!!!
          #DeVosHearing #DeVosFacts #DeVosconfirmation @CNN @MSNBC @ajc
Thank You Senator Heitkamp!    Please bring along some GOP votes to shut this down!
thank you for doing what is right for the good of the nation!
thank you Heidi! We need to protect educational institutions and our youth from devos' vision of charter schools.
Most Public School systems are failing. We need Reform and Choices. Controlling Education is part of the liberal agenda
Thank you.
@AFLCIO thank you...
 Thank you so much Senator Heitkamp. Keep up the good work!
Thank you Senator!
, thank you for your no vote and your commitment to public education.
Thanks you
thank you!!
Thank-you!

thank you for using public education to exercise critical thinking.  Please no public funding for religious schools! !
thank you. This is a step back in the right direction after a rocky start...
As an educator I appreciate you putting the well being and education of our children first. Thank You
Endless & unneeded benefits for Education admin, and college presidents.
This is from the most conservative Democrat in the Senate-- up for reelection in 2018 in a state that Trump swept, North Dakota
Thank you. Our children deserve better than DeVos.
no sane American can.  Only Russian Patriots and those blinded by reality tv stars can accept her as SoE
As a teacher and parent, Thank You!! Take note @SenCapito and @Sen_JoeManchin
as a constituent I thank you for standing up for ND students. I hope @SenJohnHoeven has the courage to do the same.
Thank you!
thank you for standing up for students, teachers , and schools!
Amen Senator. Please work with your undecided colleagues. I have called my senators.
thank you for your tireless efforts!! You are appreciated!
thank you! 
Thank you...I was starting to fear you had gone to the dark side..
Thank You for your stand against #DeVos. She is completely unqualified for this job. Bad for all of our kids and country.
Proud to be the mom of a NoDak.  Thank you, Senator for putting children first.
Thank you!!!
thank you!
That a way, Heidi. Good job.
Schools today are NOTHING like when we were http://there.Talk  about stupid. Forcing kids into idiocracy and danger.
Your stand for public education makes me proud to have been born, raised and educated in ND! This is the true ND spirit!
thank you for protecting our public schools!
I went to great schools across the USA and in 3 different countries BUT kids are in classes w/ 1/2 who can't speak English.
Thank you for standing up and making the sensible choice. Patriotism over party and for that I commend you! #DeVos
Thank you!
yyyyYYYEEEEESSSSSSSSS
Empowered women empower women!
thank you from NY!!!!
