@GOP cons & saboteurs CREATE problems then offer to "fix" w/ their own deadly policies https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/25/opinion/republicans-obamacare-aca.html … and
They're are sentencing many to death.
I am looking forward to when they leave  Washington
Some savvy+truthful patriot please create an app that helps current Medicaid beneficiaries see how their specific benefits are cut. Takers?
I'm guessing most of our Congresspersons won't need to use said app.
Although their elderly parents or grandparents might... hmmm.
Two of the biggest loser Demorats!!! They are sore losers, no message and ibstructionists
The health care Bill should be called !  Trump killing people Bill ! He doesn't even want to put his name to this bill !
It's Americans CBS... Learn proper grammar please.
Oh snap
Blah...blah...blah. He should recognize a con job since that's the last 9 years.
Republicans couldn't fix anything even if you gave them detailed instructions. If they could fix things Obamacare would be working.
The Senate Democrats and Obama conned America w/ Obamacare. Keep ur dr/keep ur plan/$2500 less per family
Still doing more than democrats ever have.
If you Dem's & Obama didn't F up the health insurance the 1st place, this wouldn't happen I say U broke it you fix it, it's all your fault!
I have a hard time believing anything Wyden says anymore.
Wyden knows what he knows ... of.
. According to you guys and obama, there was no problems. YOU are the problem.
This is literally same arguments & excuse GOP used when ACA was introduced Some originality please Im starting not to tell Dems & Gop apart!
Why not! Why should only one party have all the fun?! Weve been conned by both sides since the founding of #America Story old as time.
It's all about big tax cuts for the rich. Nothing will get fixed, more ppl will lose their healthcare. Trump's promises were lies.
All the Dems came out swinging before they had a chance to read to bill.  That's because ALL the speeches were written a week ago. Same ol'
According to Matthew 25: 31-46, Mitch McConnell is going to be a goat on Judgement Day.
Well done, do you think, or medium rare?
And his base believes him. Wait until they get hit hard.
@RonWyden should sit this one out too. Government works better without him.
They have a lot to fix! Because of dumbacrats
Republicans are only giving the rich a tax break and hurting the most vulnerable in our country.
Get your head out of the sand!
What are democrats trying to con us with??? Russia. Obstruction?  I call Bull on democrats party!!
And what are you doing?  NOTHING
Dishonest Dysfunctional Dems come to the table and be a part of the solution or shut up and sit down
They are having campfire with Paul Ryan with a keg and basking in their smartness.
problems the dimms made
resolveis slower for preexistingconditions they say no it shouldn't be easier to sell insurance to this it should have been a given
@gop #passthebill
Is Wyden the best spokesman for the Democrat senate. He is almost as stupid as Patty Murray and he needs a spit bag when he speaks. Love it!
And I love to hear Democrats that forced the Affordable Healthcare Act down our throats and has been choking those it was to "benefit" Fraud
This is the guy who lied about his military service Go figure
Who lied? You? 45? I've never claimed military service.
Wyden
Oh I see, deflect from your baseless argument. You really suck at this!
Agree your arguments are baseless & you suck at it
I'm rubber you're glue!
Trying to fix the con ACA
2 wack jobs on one screen
Thank you @RonWyden !!
The Senate Democrats are trying to con everyone into believing the Republicans wanna MURDER 25 million Americans.
You'd know a "con" you've been trying to do it to the American ppl since Nov. 8th. Dems have been conning ppl for decades.
I was impressed with all three representatives and what they had to say on @cspan  Wyden was especially refreshing to hear.
Refresh like wrestling with a bowl of over done pasta.
The pure irony of these Tweets by Democrats. This is EXACTLY what #Obamacare did.
"The Senate Republicans are trying to con americans into thinking that they are fixing problems," Sen. Wyden says http://cbsn.ws/2sFfv4o  
Obamacare took over a year to pass, There were a lot of bipartisan meetings. Obamacare even accepted a lot of Rep. ideas.
1. This is a lie.

2.  Even if it were true, It's completely irrelevant to my response.
Obamacare took over a year to pass, There were a lot of bipartisan meetings. Obamacare even accepted a lot of Rep. ideas.
The Democrats are trying to fool the people in thinking they are needed.
Democrats made the mess on purpose to get singlePayer. ANYTHINGisBetterThanObamacareSoShutUpDems&SitDownOr Go Protest/Loot somewhere @ABC
The Democrats have only helped those on Welfare. They have hurt the working man and taxed us to death. Enough is enough. Work  Work

The problem is that their supporters believe they make more money than they actually earn.
The Senate previously claimed they would fix it. Funny a bunch of mostly old men make everything except ERECTILE DISFUNCTION pre-existing.
Fear and anger is not good for one's libido. Accordingly, Bubba is impotent, which makes Mrs. Bubba mad as hell. Which is why they watch Fox
IDK, do you think Mr.Bubba really cares that The Chin can't get it up? If it was me, I'd consider myself lucky one more time. Like Eeeewwww.
Lol
None of you had the guts to reach across the isle with respect when 44 was in office, so spare us your partisan rhetoric.
You have no moral position.
And they still don't see that this lying and hate will not win them elections.  Get in there and work you fools.
there is no where to go but up after Obamacare. no con here
Oh, says CBS news, we will balance that truth from the Democrats with an outright lie from the GOP, for 40 years,here we are. Thanks CBS.

Senator Wyden, what are you doing to fix the problem?
He's going to show the importance of exercise next time Jeff Sessions bench presses his noodly attempt at grandstanding.
Obamacare was a disaster....let the grownups fix it.
Because this healthcare bill is soooooo different.
democrats finally admitting there are problems with Obamacare. That's a start at least.

Sanders slams 'unprecedented' process on GOP health bill that impacts  every American!" https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
cry me a river
Please outline each problem and who actually said it was so.
Actually the con came from the left
