Gorsuch harkens back to the days when politicians restricted a people’s rights on a whim. That is a very dangerous view to our liberty.
Versus your support for someone who'd back #Islamic 1400y old Religious Fanatacism?-Merry Christmas
That doesn't make sense whatsoever. But then Christian Fundamentalists never do.
leftist make even less since.

Reported this photo. You are a dispicable person violating Twitter policy
No senator who believes individual rights are reserved to the people, not the government, can support Gorsuch’s nomination.
including, you apparently? https://twitter.com/AndrewWMullins/status/826598116904333312 …
Well that was, um, uh, different.
Are you deranged????
please back up your ridiculous statement
@repblumenauer hahahahahah. You must be so mad right now.
Do you live in that alternative universe where Spock has a beard and the Federation is evil? #maga
you voted yes on his confirmation?
please resign.
what changed since when you voted for him you hypocrite, Stop playing politics
.@RonWyden then why did you vote to confirm him to the 10th Circuit?
If anyone has used the Constitution as ASS WIPE for the last 8 years it is the Democratic Party, and YOU...
Shouldn't you be at an airport pimping votes? It's gonna be a tough reelection
You are a liar.
And your tweet represents a breathtaking flight from reality, you egregious hypocrite.
Such a crazy flaming mindless Liberal, thank you for not disappointing.
why did you vote to confirm him in 2006?? please answer this as your whining rhetoric, like your fellow democratics, is abhorrent
YOU SIR, ARE A LIAR! A LIFE LONG RESIDENT OF OREGON, I AM ASHAMED THE STATE HAS BEEN REDUCED TO A SOCIALISM HUB FOR ILLEGALS!
You're a partisan hack who doesn't deserve to wash my car. U are everything that's wrong with this country. I doubt u can read!
Why did you vote to confirm him in 2006 if he is so terrible?
You’re just grandstanding for votes you fraud
spoken like a true partisan hack. Why did you vote for his previous nomination then?
you're a danger to liberty, that's why your party lost.  BTW, you voted for Gorsuch for federal judgeship before....unanimously
And yet you voted to confirm him before.
Then please explain your vote to confirm him in 2006?
Good luck getting a response.  The left always attacks, and never justifies their positions.
: If Gorsuch is what you say he is today, then what was he in 2006, when every Senate Democrat voted FOR him?
You'd rather a #SCOTUS be an activist of your Own identity politics rather than one that INTERPRETS Constitution & rules on INTENT
surely your not this stupid. 2018. Clinton lost due to the political crap. You will too
But you liked the guy in 2006, so your just a GIANT Hypocrite right?
then why did you vote for him in 2006?
why did you vote yes on Gorusch back in 2006 then?

Massive Shutdown of The Economy Feb 17, 2017 
Not one penny spent
Demand #RemoveTrump from Office
http://www.mitrofineart.com/2017/02/massive-shutdown-of-economy-feb-17-2017.html …
…
You have something in common with Cory Booker, it seems your political opinions change with the wind
 bless your whittle heart!
because he is not a left wing socialist like yourself! Exaggerate much?
you're sort of insane, aren't you?
Yes-Judge #Gorsuch disagrees with basic idea of Human dignity, from Justice Kennedy http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2013/06/27/196280855/explaining-justice-kennedy-the-dignity-factor … #SCOTUS
wow, you are as toxic as they come.  Fake partisan outrage as usual.
didn't you vote to confirm him in 2006?
: Gorsuch represents a breathtaking retreat from the notion that Americans have fundamental Constitutional rights.
you, and every Democrat Senator, voted to confirm him in 2006. Stop being a partisan hack and #DoYourJob #SCOTUS #JusticeGorsuch
Well that didn't take long.
SHUT UP!!!...so many people on here are asking why you voted Yes for him in '06, & SILENCE!...#Hack
OREGONIANS STAND WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP & NEW SC JUDGE GORSUCH!!! YOU DO NOT REPRESENT ALL OREGONIANS. 3 MAJOR CITIES IN OR OUT# US!
Louder and often, please. I want Republicans to have a 65-seat majority.
I wish I knew how to spell that noise you make when stuff spurts out your nose, your tweet is THAT ridiculous!!
: Gorsuch represents a breathtaking retreat from the notion that Americans have fundamental Constitutional rights.
did you feel that way last time you voted for him, or are you just joining the virtual lynch mob for funsies?
Don't even talk about him. This seat belonged to #MerrickGarland and only a moderate like him should even receive a mention by Ds.
no that seat belonged to the American ppl
The seat belonged to the American people, but GOP wouldn't give Garland a hearing for partisan reasons.
do you know how many 2nd term presidents got a Justice seated last year of their term? (Hint: less than 1/2.)
Hint, how many Supreme Ct. nominees never got a hearing because the other party stonewalled for that long? 1.
If you're ticked about the tactic and its results for the Court, thank VP Biden.
But when Bush nominated people, Biden held the hearings. Voted them down, but I'm ok with that.
the climate of toxic partisanship in DC dictates that each do whatever necessary to "win." Dems lost this one.
.@RonWyden Do you mean this Gorsuch?
Judge Gorsuch (in dissent) said police violate the 4th Am. by coming onto someone's porch if it is surrounded by "no trespassing" signs. 
.@RonWyden Or this Gorsuch?
Also, like Scalia, Judge Gorsuch can write. 
(Dissent in a case over a 13 y/o arrested and sent to juvi for burping in gym class.) 
Yep.
.@RonWyden Is it chilling or scary? Did you cry? #SupremeCourt
.@UpRangeFromYou You want ,em to come find you? Because I mocked @RonWyden? Sure... address?
.@UpRangeFromYou You went from Internet Tough Guy to Internet Sad Guy... @RonWyden
Thanks to Obama and Dems, male students in college have little to no due process https://reason.com/blog/2017/01/31/amherst-student-expelled-for-sexual-misc … Where were u then?
He's also the Loch Ness Monster. #SCOTUS
What?
I've never seen someone get destoyed on twitter like you just did! Answer these people, you owe it to them! Or are you a coward?
[citation needed]
Please stand your ground!
Like he did 1st time around?
.@RonWyden  represents a breathtaking denial that  Gorsuch is a Constitutional Originalist. Also, he voted to confirm him to Circuit Court.
Here we go...
Didn't you vote to confirm him for his current position?
None of this is true. Get the facts straight and don't be such a drama queen.
Hm. Clinton, Obama, Wyden voted ‘yea’ on this nominee in the past. What’s changed?
lol. Thanks for going above and beyond for our rights and those of @Snowden 
I guarantee @RonWyden had this tweet ready to go before Trump made his decision.
oh puhleeeeeze
your party fines me for not buying something.
LOL!  The unhinged left continues
Lol !  You clown.
Um - Senate confirmed Gorsuch by unanimous voice vote in July '06, - did that include you, senator?
why yes it did.
Senate also unanimously voted for Merrick Garland. Gee, wonder whatever happened to him...
Tell me which President had a SCOTUS nominee seated in the final year of their presidency.
Reagan you dumb fucking bastard.
Thank you, you mewling quim.
pls explain where he has gone a drift of fundamental constitutional rights? U would probably object to Jesus Christ too
but dude, you voted to confirm him in 06?
as you are my senator I demand U support this nomination now.
Senator, would you mind telling us why, if he’s so terrible, you voted to confirm him in 2006? https://twitter.com/RonWyden/status/826598790303870976 …
you voted for him once before https://twitter.com/AndrewWMullins/status/826598116904333312/photo/1pic.twitter.com/DBvIyWv1pB 
So you are telling us you are voting no?  Will you be promoting a no vote to your colleagues? #scotus
Remember when you voted to confirm him in 06' Ron?
Then why did you confirm him in 2006? You don't want Americans to have rights? Dude, that's messed up  @RonWyden
This is nothing more than party politics. You are grandstanding.
LOL
You ought to actually read the Constitution @RonWyden . Jerk.
I love the fact that you safe seat Democrats seem hell-bent on taking your party to irrelevance.
@tullyframe @RonWyden Oh he's not that safe. We are getting term limits to get rid of these IRRELEVANT INSIGNIFICANT DEMS
I'm glad there is such a thing as "Turn Oregon Red". Not much confidence, though.
I can't tell if you're mentally impaired, ideologically blinded, or opportunistically grandstanding.
at least two outa three...
And he kicks puppies and ruins piano recitals @BenSasse
you approved him before - nothing has changed. Approve Gorsuch now!
breathtaking? U have no idea what U R talking about. Gorsuch is a fine man&a superb candidate for SC.1 of the best in many decades
Come now you jest. Let's at least be truthful in our characterizations of others
Plus Gorsuch believes in the Constitution about 20,000 times more than you do. You believe in "rights" that aren't listed in it.
oh shut up.
If he represents such a threat to Constitutional rights, why did you vote for him in 2006?
let's have the evidence please
Gorsuch represents a return to the notion that Americans' rights are outlined by the Constitution, not granted by judges.
stop fear mongering man no one believes all these lies 
Being a Democrat means having the luxury of fluid principles.

Fortunately not.  He believes the fundamental rights are in the Constitution.  You can't add to what's there without amendment
Not by whim becasuse you wish them to be there
didn't you vote for him in 2006?
make those Nuns buy birth control!
.@RonWyden
Thank you, Senator! Please continue to oppose the Bannon / Trump agenda. #indivisible #resist #obstruct
, thank you.
@repblumenauer AMERICA DEMANDS BLOCK ALL APPOINTEES UNTIL OBAMA SCOTUS HONORED OR GOP STACKING SUPREME CT IS TREASON!
And.....which rights are those @RonWyden? Grab a salt shaker friend, words and crow taste like shit without some seasoning.
terrifying isn't it.  #resist
Fight.  Oregon is behind you.  Fight everything.  Everything.
That's such a ridiculous statement. You people aren't even worth paying attention to
go sit down..LOSER
you make such ridiculous statements
He's got more qualifications in his pinky 2 b on SC than u have in ur entire body to be in the Senate.
Seriously?
The only thing breathtaking here is your sheer audacity. How can you say such things with a straight face.
Shh.
Maybe you should be studying and thinking of the actual fundamental Constitutional rights of the people.
Take a Valium, Sen. Wyden.
You sir are either ignorant or confused as regarding this judge. With his credentials there is no argument.
Says a man whose party promotes imaginary group rights that don’t exist detrimental 2 individual rights that do exist. #nicetry
"Breathtaking" - sure it does
your tears taste great
Yo dude. Didn't you vote to confirm him in 2006?
And we're off! Right out of the gate!
Lol
So why did you vote for him in 2006 for the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals?  Seems a little hypocritical to say this now?
let's just save this family from graceless attaches such as this and go nuclear from the beginning.  Save the hot air.
attacks. Stupid auto correct.
Sounds perfect!
That's absurd. Gorbachev believes strongly in rights explicitly in Constitution but not those invented by liberal jurists.
Why should Gorsuch get a vote?
Garland didn't
Your nanny state is what takes away American's rights. You win #stupidtweetoftheday.
"Breathtaking"?  Drama queen, much?
and yet you have voted for him b4 #hypocrite #liar
no the document does evolve Libtard!
you can't possibly believe this
sir, you know better. Show some courage.
<Insert name> represents a breathtaking retreat..blah blah blah..so predictable..
Take a breath & read this from Pres Obama's Solicitor General-> "Why Liberals Should Back Neil Gorsuch https://nyti.ms/2jSVHFo "
it took you 11 mins to slander him!! You're such a disgrace!  He is incredibly qualified.  Stop with all the drama and hyperbole!
Blah blah, wahhhhhh.  He will be confirmed.
Bloody hell 
@RonWyden
As a Libertarian, I'd expect more from you.  
breathtaking? huh? Yet you previously voted to confirm him to the bench.
Didn't you vote for Gorsuch in 2006? At least be upfront with us & say you are following party lines. 
Ronnie is just UPSET that Republicans Used the Biden Rule! That's the Democrats Rule! Nobody else can use it.

that is not true.  Shame on you
Or a breathtaking faith in relying on those most directly accountable to elections.  Congress.
why did you vote for him the last time his nomination was before you?.....
you hack
unanimously confirmed 2006.  Y'all musta forgot.#yallmustaforgot
I think you have taken retreat from your senses.
Now that kinda depends on how you define rights, doesn't it? #Constitutional #EqualRights or #Specialrights to groups?
Is that why you voted to confirm him as a federal judge?
Hey, I just saw your photo next to the definition of 'Partisan Hack', @RonWyden
here we go. The drama begins...and it starts with 'breathtaking'.
Wrong.  Again.
Oregon always votes blue look how fucked up Portland is now
i mean, fight him because Garland got screwed...but stop with these outright lies.  It's beneath you.
Took you a month to come up with that dumb tweet
why did you vote for confirmation in 2006?
@repblumenauer I expect blatant, determined obstructionism. #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland4SCOTUS #merrickgarlandorbust #resist
did you just come out of a bar ?
get a grip, you lisping twit
Liar. You voted to confirm him to the federal judiciary in 2006, remember?
who writes this crap?
. @RonWyden Based on their activist decisions that better describes Sotomayor or Kagan
Someone hacked your Twitter account.
.@RonWyden That's why you and @SenJeffMerkley must block him. That, AND the fact that this #SCOTUS seat was stolen from Obama.
Guess how this ends. Supreme Court Justice Gorsuch. @realmevw @Indivisible_OR @RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley
If this is "breathtaking," YOU recuse and resign for #Unanimous2006 indiscretion!
ROFL - Senator Moron
is babbling on Twitter...not making sense...
 ???
Idiot
"Breathtaking"?  How so?  Are you employing @POTUS "truthful hyperbole?
Then you must have been under hypnosis when you voted for him, right? Consistency called, they say you’ve been missing for a while
Your are such a hypocrite.  Why did you vote to confirm him in 2006?
I hope you support @SenJeffMerkley and his filibuster
So did you have his pre written just waiting to type the name in?
Stick with the sinking ship Ron
First one out with the recycled talking point.
You literally have no thought independent of what @RonWyden cryin' Chuck Schumster tells you to say, do you.
You ought to get out of Portland once in awhile.
