.@SenateMajLdr's effort to jam thru hearings on these nominees without the required ethics forms is putting politics above public interest
Our job is not to rubber stamp nominees. That means no hearings should be held until nominees submit their ethics forms.
Ethics forms provide critical info on nominees' conflicts of interests to ensure they will work for the American people not themselves.
Every office of our reps in Congress @RonWyden should be "flooded" w/calls regarding nominees moving fwd w/o ethics forms being submitted
http://www.house.gov/representatives/ …
That @sjbeatles1 is a great resource 
Here's another http://ln.is/callmycongress.com/N3Lks …
@RonWyden
And, what are you doing with that fact?
ETHICS PROCESS ONLY PROTECTION FROM COLLUSION, CORRUPTION AND TYRANNY. ITS THE ONLY WALL!!
thanks for standing up to this railroad maneuver
thanks for being so gracious today
shouldn't be permitted...either we require ethics or we don't....period
@AndyBody How many are demanding a thorough investigation of this election? Or asking you to petition SCOTUS to #AuditTheVote ?
Plenty, but only the non-shrill, politically-skilled ones will get anywhere with those efforts.
This is true.

Though not sure even those will be heard.
Those who would represent us without our direct promotion or vote must be thoroughly vetted.  They must adhere to ethical rules.
californians not happy either.  thanks for raising the profile on this
but Republicans don't care because they are in power.Voters have to he accountable for voting against their own interests
Thank you Senator from an Oregonian for your statement on this issue! I know it's going to be a tough week - we appreciate you!

Donald didn't pick a cabinet he picked a criminal syndicate. 
@CathyWentzel  yes we are very concerned. Fight for us. We know you will
please keep standing up @glwoods3377
we are more concerned with you actually living in and representing oregon, not new york
Thank you for pushing hard today! I speak for many Portlanders when I say: we were proud!
Thank you for helping protecting USA from fascist coup thru Putin disinfo campaign Senator Wyden.
The only way to those who wouldn't qualify if their life depended on it, deeply grill each and every one Let the barbecue begin!
Just say No. Republicans will tie You to your vote for eternity. Can't be rushed. Too much at stake.
Repugs gave Mien Kampf Trump pass on fraud &corruptions plus Presidency!As well as all his Swamp Rats!
they should not be moving forward!
keep up the good work! American people deserve transparency and compliance w ethical standards
@IndivisibleTeam I was one of those callers! Keep fighting for us, Ron! Thank you!
Thank you for your great service in the name of our country and its integrity, from Hillsboro.
ethics, character, integrity ! All the corrupt democrats proved they are without!
Yay!!!! But is anyone acting on our concerns?
Ethics are not in their vernacular. Arrogance, racism, and greed will cause ALL Americas destruction.
Never bothered them when the self-appointed ruling class democrats do it. Let's see your form?
@deray This is the new normal folks.
haven't been able to get through bc busy but I'll keep trying!
please add me (north coast Oregonian) to those demanding that nominees submit to full disclosure and vetting. TY
@tcevans87 Do any of your GOP colleagues agree? Speak loudly to hypocrisy Senator. America is full of good ppl, left and right. TY
.@RonWyden "Concerned" is a nice way of saying it. We are outraged at the GOP's contempt for ethics in government. #indivisible
Yup. One of those was me. Please do WHATEVER you can to slow/stop it - ask for courtesy visits from nominees!
Well, so is the rest of America.
that is because you ignore calls from #republicans #ronwyden - you don't listen, you mail letters telling us why you won't change
@maggiepriceless Likewise, I called both my NM Senators today. Glad people are speaking up!
and thank you for fighting for us.
Which of those being vetted this week have not submitted "ethics forms"?
blame Reid
I would be just as concerned if they had submitted their ethics forms.
As well they should be. 

The #world is concerned!
B/c if the leg. branch won't exert even this elementary check, what will it ever do? Line in the sand for federalism.
@Donna_DHKBB oppose it without exception
yet you never mention 2nd amendment flooding. Always picking and choosing what to personally support that fits your agenda
@HRC_Never_Quits Be courageous. Let them know what your people want. Don't move ahead without vetting. Who is watching the store?
Thank you for listening. I hope you guys can do something.
I am also petrified of  what is happening
can't even get through to demand that GOP/Trump keep their grimy hands off #medicare #SocialSecurity and #ACA 
thank you! You continue to make Oregonians proud. Fight hard!!
This consitutent is concerned you did not stand up on Friday to support objections by House members.  Do better now.
@seagal_lori Thank you Sen Wyden. As your constituent, I hope you are able to hold the incoming admin to ethical standards.
@aprilstearns Hard To Understand. Simple Protcol.
@psalm82 I was one of those class, Ron.
I haven't called yet, should I? :) Thank you for standing up for what is right!
I am a special education teacher from Illinois, and I am opposed to the nomination of Betsy DeVos. And I was born in Bend, FWIW.
@JustTheJune0101 Good luck,sir,trying to convince your shithead colleagues to listen to you.At least, we support you. (I am in TX)
Yes! Also very concerned about Sessions' troubling record on civil rights matters. His actions as Alabama AG should disqualify him
I called about not repealing the ACA without a replacement, but should have left message about the nominations too. #transparency
ummm yeah sec of Education Religious woman DeVos has no experience in education @ never has stepped into a public school. Say no
@terry7531 yeah that's because #Illegitimate @realDonaldTrump is making a mockery of our democracy
@Syndeess as we all should be!
Even more ... not passing FBI reviews either.  You can't be an intern in DC without those checks.
that's like walking in off the street and being hired with out a job application
thank you for your thoughtful ethical response
because we need you to save us. Everyone waking up each day with a foreboding sense of doom
@NoGOPNo they should have to go through proper channels.
@co_rapunzel4 NRA TeaParty Profit OVER People TRUMP/Pence/Ryan Disrespects Disabled #Veterans  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYTmZHfoqYI …

As they should! Who does this????
@thefactscount 

Thank you! The vast majority of us want our democracy upheld. Pls vet!
thank you for fighting the good fight!!!
and that is just the beginning of a long list of worries we have about the new administration! Stay vigilant Sen. Wyden!!
Thank you for being cognizant of your constituents' concerns regarding the cabinet appointees. So glad Oregon has you.
Thank you for your firm stand on this.  The nominees are horribly unqualified for the jobs and should be thoroughly vetted.
@jrivera64 and you should be as well.
@JMZElection You see, it works!
I'm very concerned.  Please be the voice of reason and more centrist thinking.
I was about to contact you, then realized you're already an upstanding senator fighting for exactly what I was hoping you would!
You need to rally the Dems to block all hearings and votes until full release of info and investigations of nominees.
@PrayerBoxAndy Good What's good for the goose...
@breadandbudgets keep CALLING!!
Good!  Don't expect it to stop any time soon!
@etor2756
I'm FAR more concerned that the CIA "terrorists" in Syria are losing to the DOD "terrorists"
Looks like TREASON 2 me!
Remember when the @SenateMajLdr claimed he had strong ethical standards? 

WE do.

http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/news/a52156/schumer-mcconnell-letter/ …

#P2
& head of homeland security w no FBI clearance!Why the GOP bums rush to get us to kleptocracy faster?We will look like Russia soon
Add mine to the list. Was hoping to express it to you this Sunday. Please reject ANY hearing without proper vetting!
I couldn't even get through to leave a message
So do something about it.
CRITICAL WATCH 4 OREGONIANS -
By the way, why weren't YOU the one senator we needed to block the EC results?
So, what does that tell you do do? Asking for a friend.
@deray fair is fair, Obama did it for his cabinet, this PEOTUS needs to demonstrate a peaceful transition and do the same.
@deray as it should be
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! HOW ABOUT GETTING ON TV THE RADIO OR ON THE STREET AND STOP THIS FROM HAPPENING!!!!
@KevinDarryl Ron- We too want to register our high degree of concern
@freespeak3 stop the process if u can
@oufenix 
I'm one of them. Senator, we're counting on you to #resist.
I don't do well on the phone, but I am also very concerned about this!
I'm a constituent I am concerned about this as well.
@monicasloves
Is no ethics forms filled out the norm or not normal?
.@RonWyden @TinaMorphis is it too much to ask @SenateMajLdr to adhere to his own guidelines? #DoYourJob
I am very concerned
did you notice how it's not really Putin they're worried about?
NO responsible employer would ever conceive of hiring someone w/o a thorough background check. This is basic vetting. PASS/FAIL.
it was important to McConnell in 2008. Wonder what changed? 
count me as a concerned constituent.  Glad you're there!
@deray Keep the calls comings!
Please let people know what you need from your constituents in the way of moral support to hold the line.
They should be filled out
this shouldn't be news for a tweet.  it should be info you're doing something about
@CaptainsLog2017 Well why is this injustice being swept under the rug.
if the senate can't bring trump to his knees - then what power do the people have?
then, for the love of God, gather your cronies and do something about it -
I didn't call your office but add me to the list.  His picks are alarming.  Will we be able to preserve our democracy?
@mattdpearce       And, Trump is not even president yet!!!!
And we're not going to remain quiet. We demand this steamrolling stop now. Do your job. Vet the nominees before hearings.
Thank you for standing up for ethics  - you'll face lots of challenges in the next 4 yrs but we have your back. #proudoregonian
why aren't these reasonable requirements for releasing taxes & background checks enforced by laws not at the whim of politicians?
Add me to the list!
@deray How about his son-n-law being named 2 position of sr advisor? Isn't that breaking nepotism law? What will u do bout that?
@deray what will you do about it?  Stop the hearings. Quit letting Trump break process.
@TMDILL1 yes!
@CaptainsLog2017 They should be - we are in the middle of a fascist takeover of our government in case you haven't noticed
as well they should! You’ve done fantastic job fighting for constituents- can you reverse Republican’s positions? Please continue.
Add me to the list. Make them go through all the proper steps and procedures for confirming nominations. No short cuts.
There should be floods on the level of the Truckee River. No forms--no confirmation hearing.
Thank you! As an Oregonian, I greatly appreciate the work you are doing on this issue!!
.@RonWyden And I was one of those Oregonians calling. Thank you & thank your staffers!
How is this allowed to happen? Plus he's firing people before taking office!
PdxMayor flooded w/freezing homeless; my office flooded w/H2O main break. I'm at work. Mayor is busy. Status?
.@RonWyden Thank you! #standindivisible
what will you and others on the hill be doing to stop this?
@Hannajewel Then you must put a stop to it. Either that or just give up. If you guys can't follow the rules, it is all over.
I vote that it's all over! Trump is too stupid to be POTUS! With the company he keeps! Says a lot!! All Nazis Russian KKK
Afraid you are probably right. Can't see anything good in the future for the USA. I will not go without a fight.
@Hannajewel #ImpeachTrump
I didn't give out numbers!! Just RT Paul Ryan number that was already on twitter!! Didn't start with me!!
thank you Sen Wyden for listening & fighting on behalf of the people. We stand with you in opposition of hearings w/out disclosure
but ur complicit in war & warrantless spying u coward.
what about the 'nobody's driving the bus' over at Dept of Energy's NNSA? Huge problem or what?
Yep. No confirmation hearings until the ethics reviews are completed.
You can add me to that list.  It would be interesting to have a breakdown of how many are Democrats and how many are Republicans.
your office would be even more flooded w constituents if u tried to block the noms. Do ur job.
Count me among these.
I am very concerned too! Don't confirm until ethics review at least!
was just about to call you on that issue
@wooltonparish I wish @SenJohnMcCain was as concerned as you are! #Arizona will be left twisting in the wind. #typical
And? Please do more than just acknowledge what the people want and take action on behalf of your constituents.
add my voice to those who are calling you. How on Earth are we letting this guy get away with this? Is there no way to stop this?
Sort of like electing someone to the presidency without disclosure of their tax returns?
I'm a Floridian and deeply concerned too. #Resist #TrumpLeaks #ImStillWithHer
What are the Dems doing to stop this travesty?
Anybody that voted for Hillary has absolutely no say in matters of ethics.  Most corrupt candidate in the history of the US.
. @RonWyden @tampagirl19655  Thanks for the idea! I will call my Senators and Congressperson too. They need to hear from us.
@JasonLaCanfora i'm sure they are! Americans have such great access to & interest in the stages a Cabinet member's paperwork is in
It is not hyperbole to say that our democracy depends on people of ethics and principles such as yourself.
i'm one of them!
Î guess this was expected. Remember tax returns? America is riding on a tiger @ronwyden @garweh2011
I am an Oregonian, and I want nominees who have not been thoroughly vetted to be blocked.
Tried to call but keep getting disconnected. Pls add my name to those concerned & outraged. How dumb does McConnell think we are?
@mattdpearce why is it only Demmocras that are concerned
We all must #MakeDemocracyWork Good on Oregonians! Call https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …
Resist 24/7
Remember McConnell what goes around comes around
@SenWarren @SenSanders @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray @SenateDems Congress needs to get that man in check!
So what are you going to try and do to stop it?  Or are you not concerned?
Many Americans are concerned not only with the cabinet but by the treason that is being accepted.
.@RonWyden would those businesses men accept incomplete paper work from Americans applying for loans or jobs? No!
.@RonWyden Americans deserve to know who we're hiring to control or agencies.
Yeah, me, too.
Thank you for your service and leadership during this time of crisis.
FILIBUSTER.
.@RonWyden who gives people a job when they don't complete the application? #NoPapersNoJob Call your Senator! https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …
I am concerned as well but won't tie up the phone lines. Thanks for what you are doing!
Your office actually hung up on me...waited through the "please wait" and then after 10 minutes it hung up.
thank you for your statement and your work on behalf of Oregon 
McConnell insisted on thorough vetting in 2009. To do apply diff rules now would be discrimination

Thank you, from an Oregonian.  We appreciate having leaders like you and @SenJeffMerkley representing our state & for our nation!
@JasonLaCanfora no, they're dragging their feet. Republicans confirmed many of Obama's choices on the first day. Not nice!
@JasonLaCanfora Maybe they should channel their outrage against the tragedy in Illinois against their fellow man #getagrip
@JasonLaCanfora suck it up Ron they are draining the swamp ...I have a feeling you might be one of the ones their draining
Why does Trump get a "Fast Pass"?  Those are for Disneyland not the Government!
Maybe remind the majority leader of his letter in 2009.
@mcconnellpress follow the rules mitch
I'm concerned that all notions of ethics are being thrown by the wayside.
@JasonLaCanfora not here
