Because your way is working so well for the poorest kids...shameful.
in california out of 277,000 teachers, 2 were fired for performance. that's your problem.
Thanks for the no vote.
-- thank you for voting NO on #DeVos . We need leaders at @usedgov who will support quality public education for all!
US doesn't have quality education anymore. We need real hope and change.
Good job! I read the articles abt her from the Detroit Free Press they were enough to convince me her way is a loser alway.
Maybe you should be concerned with the sorry teachers and what and how their teaching
Thank you for your continued support in these dark days.
@Sanddragger no it flies in the face of the crappy education our kids have been getting for years! No to Govt education!
I support you 100% on this. Thank YOU!!!
What the hell do U know about 'good' public education?! Did U hear we're 26th in the world thanx to U, & 50% HiSchool dropouts!
Thank you, Senator Wyden. You make a native Oregonian proud.
not this native
She wants to eradicate #CommonCore! That is all Ineed to know. YES to #DeVos!
She will be appointed!  Oh u sad???? Hahahha
Trump is not fit to lead the USA. Neither are any of his Cabinet picks. NO to all of them! Thanks Senator.
@SenJeffMerkley Vote no on Jeff Sessions. #StopSessions
Thank you!
Thank you!
Trump named this Nat'l School Coice Week.  Is that some kind of slap in the face??
thank you.
Thank you for saying No to DeVos. All of the nominees are horribly unqualified and likely to destroy their departments.
thank you for voting no!
@Sanddragger Yes, parents having a choice where their children attend school is always a bad idea. 
Support Betsy DeVos, America's best hope to repair our failed incompetent education system.
Good. Be a No on every Trump nominee whether unqualified or repugnant. Do not collaborate!
@Mariobatali I have to tell you as a public educator I am worried about this one!
very sexist vote.  You don't want women working
As an Oregonian, thank you @RonWyden for opposing DeVos. I hope we can expect similar opposition to Sessions.
@McConnel_leads @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump we are "No" to you, why do you live in NY and be Or senator=fraud = investigation
@SenFranken #StopDeVos
what have done for high quality education in your 25 years
Thank-you, Sen. Wyden!
What about Price, Tillerson, Sessions, Mnuchin. Just as scary. Thanks for yourvservice. But u guys r picking only woman! Shes
your not for children, your for the public school bureaucracy
- I agree that this is an important No vote! It's going to set back public education.
.@RonWyden Why should you care, Oregon ranks 43 in the Nation. We see how effective you are there!
Thank you!  Right choice! She is completely unqualified
THANK YOU for "NO" on #DeVos.
@SenSchumer thank you for voting no on DeVos!
@jgwin1955 filibuster!
Oregon Thanks You. Please Vote NO on the rest. There's Not an Expert in the Bunch !!
YES!!!!!
Thank you, Senator.  I wish all your colleagues would do the same.
Thank you, Senator Wyden!
That's why I voted for you  - again!
I just called your office re this decision but the lines were full. Complete support for this decision from this constituent. Thx!
Thank you, Senator Wyden.
Thank you, Senator Wyden. #DeVos is clearly unqualified.
This constituent thanks you.
thank you!! I beg you to rally the party!! Say no to Trump and his administration!! Do not let him pick SC judge. #resist
thank you! We are watching. KEEP UP THE no votes on these people that in no way represent the American people.
Thank you for showing this leadership!
Thank you!
Thank you. This woman has no business near the Dept, of Ed.
Thanks for your diligence in regards to our needs and for what is best for the common good.
thank you !
Thank you from our boy
Senator, your no vote is not enough. You must work to get @SenateGOP to agree that she is unqualified. Country over party.
Thank you Senator!
.@RonWyden 
Do senate rules allow you to do more than vote "no"?  Can you block it?
Thank you!!! 
@Cocoxochitl
Thank you! @RonWyden
Thank you!!!
thank you from a teacher!
Other Dems better be a resounding NO! Thanks @RonWyden for standing firm!
Senator, American students continue to decline on International test assessments, especially Math.  Give them a chance.
thank you.
This coming from you.  A Senator vwho's state is at or near last in high school graduation rates nationwide. #WydenOut #Oregon
thank you Ron Wyden!
Ds demonstrated zero vision during the last 8 years to improve public schools. Instead they hugged the teachers' union to death!
Thank you for refusing to approve DeVos. Can you get a handful of Republicans to join you to end her nomination?
thank you for standing up for education
thank you!!!! #devos is clearly unqualified.
Thank you, Senator. From the bottom of all our hearts, thank you.
ILU DAD
Thank you Senator. Now please please convince your colleagues to do the same @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell
@Miss_Zapp
Thank you, Senator!
I cannot think of one positive thing that you have done for U.S. Citizens. We are DYING with the lack of JOBS. #RonWyden #Oregon
Thank you, Senator Wyden! Once again standing up for what's right.
THANK YOU!!
thank you Senator! Thank you for standing with us and putting our kids first!
thank you senator!
Why do you white, old Democrats hate women so much? @RonWyden @SenSchumer
@SenSchumer U mean d public education that has gotten worse regardless of $$? Time 4 school choice, parent choice, & privatization
@SenSchumer your vote yes or no, means nothing.
Thank you, Senator Wyden!
@SenSchumer r u kidding? U can't get much lower than what commi demon devils has 4 many yrs! Time go new way!
thank you!
Thank You for taking care of our children..
@WashCoScanner THANK YOU!
@yashi_shiroma thank you!!
Thank You!
THANK YOU!!!!!!
Keep fighting the fight Senator! #noDevos #Indivisible #oregon
Thank you for doing the right thing!
Thank you!
You're doin' us proud, sir. Thank you.
Thank you for voting no on Betsy DeVos. America can do better. Thank you for wanting the best for our public education system.
@ORDucksDS because what we've done the last 40 years, especially in the inner cities is so high quality right Ron?
Thank you! Please help protect americans; the people, our public lands and the environment!!!
Thank you.  
YOU GOT BALLS, YEAH
when is the vote. My senator is a no, should I call someone else?
I believe your prob with Devos is that she threatens the mess the Fed created in edu.  Change is demanded!!!
Thanks Sen Wyden! She is unqualified.
As both an Oregonian and a public school teacher, thank you!
Thank you. She's dangerous and our children deserve better.
way to go! Keep fighting for reality! We need you!
way to go! #re-electronwyden2018
well done!
Thank you @RonWyden! I hope our fellow Oregonian @SenJeffMerkley will join you in voting against #DeVos's narrow and uninformed perspective
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Wyden
@SenSchumer Thank you, Sen Wyden!
Thank you.  I'm a new Oregonian and chose to vote for you in my first Oregon election.  I chose wisely!
Thank you!
thank you!!!
Are you a "no" on *all* Trump nominees?  Pls understand any other position is *unacceptable*
Thank you! #DeVos is completely unqualified and dangerous to public education. Please keep fighting!
THANK YOU so much!!!  DeVos has no place in the USDoE. Please also vote NO on Tillerson, Zinke, Pruitt, Perry, Carson, Sessions.
Thank you, Senator! So proud to have amazing people representing our state.
@AtlBlue2 thank you Senator. I'm not a constituent of yours but wanted to let you know I appreciate you standing up for democracy.
Thank you! I want my grandchild to get a quality education!
Thank you! I will be extremely disappointed in any Democrat who votes to confirm Davis.
Thank you for your NO vote on DeVos. My cat is more qualified than she is.
@Mariobatali 
Oh please. You were a no before you even sat down and asked a question. Lets be truthful. We are adults here.
@Mariobatali Career politician pretending it is about anything other than votes.Good thing his vote means nothing. 51-47
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Wyden!!
thank you!!!!
thank you!
YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! KEEP IT UP!
thank you for standing up once again!!!
Thank you so much. And Sessions? Please vote against him.
thank you, Senator. Billionaires are a threat to prosperity for the 99%.  Oppose them all.
public union suck up
@nmisiti Thank you Senator Wyden.
You are in the pocket of the teachers unions. So of course you side with them. How much do they pay you again?
@Mariobatali and they're not "public" schools. They're "Government" schools
@Mariobatali it's easy to stand your ground when there's already 53 yea votes. You're a bought and paid for union hack.
@Mariobatali who cares you feckin coonts
@Mariobatali Billions spent doing it your way and look at it. Admit it, you're bought and paid for by teacher unions.
@Mariobatali - #BetsyDeVos needs to go back to her Mansion - she has NO business to pursue that post!
Thank You Mr. Wyden! Love, a former Oregonian
everyone should be a no on her
Thank you, Senator Wyden! #Devos #ImVotingNo
thank you for voting no on #devos!
Thank you
let me know how that works out
Thank you for representing Oregonians so well!
hopefully it's a no to all cabinet picks
Thank you, I'm very happy you represent us. Please continue voting No on all his cabinet picks.
Thank you!!!
thank you Senator.  I was homeschooled and it's not good.

#DeVos Thank you, Senator.
@SenJeffMerkley~Guess u know the # of Votes 4 ur Opponents will also b increasing next Election! Support @POTUS!
#TermLimits
#MAGA
As a public school parent and PTA officer I thank you!
Thank goodness. Were you a no on Ben Carson?
the status quo has been a failure for students nationwide and in Oregon. Shame on you for being an obstructionist to change
thank you, Sen Wyden for protecting public education. A loyal Oregonian
Thank you! Please convince your colleagues.
Thank you Senator. Too bad other Dems have not followed your strong, persistent example.
Awesome! How do we get the rest of the Dems to fall in line?
Thank you for standing up for America's schoolchildren.
thank you for your no vote! - a thankful constituent
Thank you!!!!! Proud to be an Oregonian!
Thank you!
Thank you, Sen Wyden! I am from Mich. (before moving to Ore.) Ppl like DeVos have been terrible for my home state.
Please no on sessions as well.
Her brother is Erik Prince-blackwater sound familiar?
thank you for standing up for our children. #DumpDevos
You are an embarrassment to Oregon. I believe you have been a Senator way too long.Time to do something good for something Move On
Thank you Senator Wyden! You have my support.
thank you!
vote no on all of them Ron. ALL of them.
Thank you
Our family, who live in North Portland, Oregon thank you for your stance #DefendOurFuture
yaaas wyden
TRUMP shows clear signs of Alzheimers dementia. Erratic temper ego repetitive speech patterns trances. Do something!
@WashCoScanner I guess only rich people like you will be able to send their kids to the school of their choice, just as you prefer
thank you Senator Wyden!
@SenSchumer suck it up buttercup
Sincere question from a constituent: whose vision *does* translate to that end, in your opinion?
thank you
Thank you!!!! As a mom of special needs kids, I understand the value of the IDEA! Clearly, #BetsyDeVos does not!!!
THANK YOU! Please continue standing up for education & equality for all. Everyone deserves a chance at a quality public education.
