thank you
someone has to start the #impeachment processes. Will you do it?
When will dems stop fighting the civil rights battles, civil rights battles are over,civil rights for all American citizens exists
Thank you. This constituent is grateful for your vocal opposition.
I should hope so, geez. You outta be voting NO on everything & everybody for the next 4 years. #resist #NotNormal #hypocritessuck
We need to do more than this, Senator. Please let us know what we can do? Phone calls to Senators didn't stop anything. #WhatNow?
thank you for supporting your state with you NO vote.
thank you
Thank you, Senator. Sadly, the Republicans don't care about his record. When are they going to wake up?
Thank you, @RonWyden I am disgusted that @Sen_JoeManchin decided to sell out his party for a RACIST to become our AG. This is sickening.
Maybe you should have paid attention to history in school. Democrats started the KKK, Jim crow laws!
Thank you
THANK YOU 
you voted party. You are not a free thinker and refuse to act independently. Shameful for us in Oregon.
Thank you
Thank you for voting no on behalf of ALL Oregon citizens.
Why you know your vote doesn't count! Just like mine doesn't because I don't live in Portland. I'll vote against you next election
Stop He's confirmed....Stop being such an obstructionist and try doing what's best for our country...
#NotMySenator
thank you! I am so proud of my Senator
thank you for your stand! Please vote NO on the remaining #SwampCabinet - Mnuchin, Price, Pruitt, Puzder #resist
@Least Ron Wyden fights for what is right #Freedom #USA
This attitude from the party of the KKK! The rest of the dems up for reelection will lose due to obstructionism.Do you job!
Thank you for your NO vote. Please continue to stand up for this country and its citizens - we're with you!
dems have turned civil rights into special interest rights, no American citizen is discriminated against now, success is avialable
thank you!
his record is mixed. He's supported leg for gay and civil rights. He also was a main co sponsored the MoF for Rosa Parks.
thank you
Thank you, Senator!
thank you
thank you
thank you senator.
Thank you for caring and trying.
troubling? the word you're looking for is "he's a full blow FASCIST. we killed them by thousands in the 40's. missed one I see.
Thank you for voting to protect civil rights and against Sessions.
thank you thank you thank you
Thank you.  Keep it up!
Playing chicken little is not your job. But I can see from the other comments that you are the pied-piper of #StupidOnPurpose
Thank you, Senator! We're thankful to have you here in Oregon!
thank you.
Threatening to filibuster SCOTUS before announcement, boycotting committee commitments, anti all nominees #StupidOnPurpose
YOU worry me if you question Jeff Sessions!!!
thank you, once again. Approval is disheartening, but buoyed a bit knowing you're representing me in DC.
so. you lost. again.
I read up on his history and what his classmates said about him &  he is a great man; give respect when it is deserved #orpol
thanks Sen. Wyden
thank you
Thank you!
not anymore he is. Confirmed sort of like a conservative trying to get common sense laws in oregon. You don't count
Thank you. Stay vigilant against his bigotry and be our voice in DC. #corvallis
Thanks for voting no.  What now?  I'll cross my fingers for my fellow Americans.
Thank you, Sen Wyden, for this vote and for all that you do! Repub. Senators, on the other hand, are #weakonamerica
thank you. Keep fighting for what's right.
thank you!
Thank You! Your vote is not forgotten
Well at least you voted. That's an improvement.
thank you!
- Thanks Sen. Wyden for your support.  Please continue the Trump-Russia investigation.
Thank you
Thank you. Keep RESISTING.
Thank you, Senator!
thank you!
Thank you for voting no on him.
THANK YOU RON
Thank you, Senator, for your vote and your participation in #HoldTheFloor
thankyou, Senator
Thank You
speaking of DOJ. When a fed judge suspends 6th Amendment rights in Oregon, where are you and @senjeffMerkley ? #CrimeInPortland
thank you.  Stand strong. #resist
here we go again. You use the word I when the people employ you to support our views.
.@RonWyden Of course you did. We expected nothing less! You and .@SenJeffMerkley are doing a lot of hard work, and I appreciate it.
you and @SenJeffMerkley have given many people hope. Thank you so very much.
Thank you! I honestly don't know what is wrong with you Repub colleagues - they're despicable!
also you voted for 2 crimals in as AG so you have no creditability.
Thanks Senator.
he will indict Hillary
I troubled with you,but you still in DC filling your pockets with money.
Thank you, Ron.
Thank you. I look to you and @SenJeffMerkley to continue rep OR and fight for the rights of ALL in our nation.
thank you
Thank you!  Continue to show why we trust you to represent Oregon.
thank you for your no vote. I am so disappointed in all of the yes votes from this senate. It feels hopeless.
@CloudContact I can't believe his racist, lying unprofessional, attitude and nothing gets done, it's always give him a chance WHY
Thank you! Proud of my Senators. 
Thank you for voting NO to Sessions. Proud to call you a fellow American.
@lauraevf1968 Thank you  Sir! We support you
Man what are we going to do?
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator!   Keep voting NO on every remaining Cabinet nominee.  They are all unworthy of the positions!
All the Dems (except one) did the right thing &  voted against Sessions. Thank you Sen. Wyden!
do we need to storm the halls of congress to get an answer on election collusion russia ties? ??
...keep up the work
Keep hope alive!!  Just added inspiration to work to remove him in 2020. 
you voted for Holder and Lynch... you don't get to speak about troubled nominees... why is the left so very #IntellectuallyCorrupt
thanks, senator wyden!  I expected no less from you.  Thanks for standing up for Oregonians.
Life is hard when your political muscle is taken away, right? @RonWyden
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator! We won't give up!
Thank you Senator Wyden!
Thank you!
I met you when I was 17 at an environmental rally, what are you doing to rally the senate? #resist
thank you. Russian ties, taxes, impeachment...
Thank you
#obstructlikearepublican #ResistTrump #dumptrump #makethisnightmareend #secessionnow #notmypresident #failedgovernment #badhombre
thank you for the no vote
Thank you! 
thank you!
Thank you for trying!
sure better than communist traitor Holder.  Fast&furious.
Thanks Ron!  Not sure what your republican colleagues long game is by taking cover with DJTs nominees.  So shameful.
Thank you for voting NO on Sessions, Senator @RonWyden.
You lose. You might want to check Ms. King's letter of thanks to Senator Sessions.
OREGON SENORS,DISABLED MEAN NOTHING TO YOU N GOV BROWN,[NOTHING]THANK GOD NEW HEALTHCARE PLAN COMMING WITH STRONG OVERSITE,SHAMEU2
Thanks @RonWyden
Thank you for voting no and TRULY representing Oregon
HEALTH,I TROY HUDSON WILL NOT LEAVE THEM IN THE DARK ALONE ,I VOW  TO ALWAYS HELP THOSE WHO CANNOT HELP THEM SELVES,SHAME ON YOU..
Thank you. I'm proud to be your constituent and stand w/you in favor of civil rights and an independent DOJ. Stay strong for us!
.@RonWyden TY for your NO vote. Oregonians are very concerned about what #Sessions will mean for voting rights, civil rights, women's rights
Thank you
BEHIND PEOPLE LIKE US,OREGONS HEALTH PLAN WAS SET TO FAIL FROM THE START ,AND MED CUTS SHOW NO RESPECT TWARD SENORS,DISABLED,METAL
Thank you
OR  IF NOT HAVE THE GUTS TO SAY NO ,I GUSS WE WILL ASK THE GREAT MR PRESIDENT TRUMP,A MAN OF HIS WORDS,AND STANDS WITH  LEFT BEHIN
-guess what-nobody cares...AGSessions prevails despite dimwits like you-Whiner
Party on No. useless to me any longer. Everyday we hear the world is ending.
Thank you for your vote to protect the American people.
Thank you! No yes votes please in the future, also.
he is a good man
Thank you for your honorable vote. History will record your courage.
METAL HEALTH MEDS IN LINCOLN COUNTY PEOPLE SUFFER,SOME DIE,THIS IS STATE WIDE ,UN WISE ,UN NEEDED,WILL YOU STAND WITH US TODAY..
Thank you for voting no
Thank You!
thank you!
but will you say YES to stop all med cuts affecting senors,disabled,metal ill,and reinstate our DRS WRIGHTS TO WRIGHT FOR PAIN MED
thank you for standing up for equal rights, voting rights, women's safety and against racism.
Unfortunately God won't help us now. In fact I think he's working for the enemy. :-(
thank you.
thank you!
Thank You
thank you, sir.
And I am troubled why you signed on2 the u n arms treaty, giving a foreign entity a right 2 invade & confiscate American's Arms? ?
thank you.
Wonderful, Senator! Continue to oppose the Bannon/Trump agenda - this Eastern Oregonian s your work!
Good vote. Thank you.
you were going to vote no, no matter who I was.
thank you.
Thank you for trying
then why did the NAACP give Sessions an award?
thank you for your vote!
#liberalhack
we hate you here in Bend
thank you for trying Senator
keep it up!  From Oregon w 
like we see,election has consequences,sad day for Justice
Thank you. We have a long muddy road to slog thru. Keep fighting the good fight!
Thank you for standing up for Oregon, once again.
Thank you Senator Wyden!!
UHRonnie...Have U been stuck in a 1980's time warp?We're past that nonsense.Alveda King supports him regardless of"Lizzie Warden"
thank you Ron.
thank you for being on the right side of the vote. #saddayforjustice
Thank you! Sessions is a horror and a danger to the entire country.
Why do you think he's a horror & dangerous?
he was on campaign plus brought page to trump. He must recuse himself. We need info. Leaked or otherwise
of course you did. Jeff won't let you get away with your liberal ways anymore. Drain the swamp on wyden
Careful, that sounds like criticism of another Senator!
as a constituent I thank you
You weren't concerned about the obvious politicization (lack of independence) of Obama's DOJ.
Thank you, Senator Wyden! Good job.
Good on ya.  I don't think under Sessions that the DOJ would be independent of this administration; rather quite dependent on it.
Because you fail and suck at life. #MAGA
Thank you, Senator. Oregon appreciates you.
you sir are wrong!
THANK YOU!
Thank you Senator Wyden!
Thank you.
