Trump will be indicted in mid 2018. Dem's will be in charge again and able to bring impeachment to a vote.
R's do nothing now.
Man you should watch Fox News not the fake news, things are happening! Sad your judges block the ban and let more terrorist in! #MAGA

Trump has many achievements: no arrests, no indictments, no law enforcement on massive conflicts of interest.  It keeps the whole fam busy.
Your side lost Ron. Get over it. ABC poll; election, if held today, would elect Trump again over Hillary, 43% to 40%.
And you have really done a lot these last 100 days.   Is your play dough still useable and your safe space clean.  No action just talk
He has made his promises with defunding EPA, planned parenthood, defunding PBS, deregulating big businesses, several harmful Exec orders.
OMG!  That is how I see you!  Too funny!
When do the impeachment proceedings begin?
When GOP members of Congress grow patriotic bones in their bodies - or enough voters scare them into losing their seats.
Lol impeach him for unfounded accusations or your not patriotic! What a joke, there is not a single democrat who defends the constitution
Do you consider the tariffs on canadian softwood lumber action?
Are U delusional?


With you demosocialists piss'n and moan'n, along with obstructing his every move, I'm surprised he's done as much as he has
@SenateDems she'd dead weight  in senate see how much gets done
When will the GOP start acting like Americans and indict this traitor? WHAT ARE THE DEMS DOING TO SAVE OUR COUNTRY. NO FUNDS FOR THE WALL.
You did notice that the number of illegals crossing the border is at a 17 year low...
You & MSM are so into obstructionist & falsely reporting you refuse to see progress. Be a part of the solution & America for once.
maybe if he had a full cabinet instead of dealing with the obstruction YOU have supported he would have made more progress.. DO YOUR JOB...
Erm... isn't that what we want? For @realDonaldTrump to be impotent re: implementing his disturbing agenda? #trump100days
I mean, it's no surprise that he's often a lying blowhard. I just mean I'll be happier when his base ISN'T, and it's them making the noise
#sad
Political Hacks 

#MyPressBriefing
All Twitter (and golf) and no action.
But the sales of snake oil is still hanging around 40% I hear.
You guys should sit down and be quiet. He's done more in 100 days than you all do in an entire year.
You do realize he is President for 4 years, maybe 8, right? Despite the weight of you guys & a hostile media fighting him every step.
Promises without preparation is foundation for failure.
Surpreme court saved, military respect.... enough said
He talks the walk - usually to digress from his alleged high crimes & misdemeanors, cons, corruption, and foreign collusion, etc.
You can't WAIT to make a deal with him, Senator. Quit waiting for him to bat his eyes at you and fight, please.
Baloney.
Yes he is all talk no action
You're all just jealous and in awe of all that he has gotten done.  Maybe you guys should pay attention and stop whining?!?!?!?
Sounds like the Dems game plan..all talk,take  no action....then complain #Fauxprogressives
Cut connections with terrorists properly! @RussiaConnects hire idiots no recognize breach codes @POTUS @POTUS44 . Migrants working Frauds©
@EVerify how u i-9 phone man of @DOJPH @FCC u must have the forms it is satellite communications services @PMOIndia u put it up for frauds©
@RussiaConnects criminals working! Degree verification same practices!No met requirements at startup Operating systems anyway!Chicago title
Rochford petaARDCfrauds practices @ChicagosMayor @USSupremeCourt stop all practice in properties. Trafficking transcripts & land thefts ©™®
Since 1996 a Senator & you visit parks & Town Halls # How long do snails sleep?
Please make sure that the Wall and Trumpcare are not pushed through to approve the federal budget.
itsnot often that I go to the pigs for help. Last time I did they ignored me and there was riots the next day. This time it will be worse.
Let's hope he doesn't keep those promises
That alright, I forgive you.  Oh- I thought you talking about yourself.
It's almost like Trump doesn't know what's he doing and his whole campaign was built on false hopes for people who refuse to face reality
Where are all those great trade deals he promised? So far China is eating our lunch
Trump has done more than you Ron. You haven't done a thing but waste tax payer money and also line your pockets with the money. Loser!
rage against sanders and the party that he hijacked is rising. do a search for sanders youll see. This is about to get out of hand.
But he is all action when it comes to hapless Immigrants !
What is being done about Sen Burr stalling the Senate investigation in the Russian investigation?  #independentinvestigationnow
