That fake excuse just got even faker, @realdonaldtrump.
Fact: nobody cares this is all your own fault ~ we told u guys we would elect a street junkee be4 her & i believe we proved it
Fact: No law requires them to!! You want his so bad than maybe all politicians should be required to, not just the president!!
And most of them do- but not this POTUS. Complete disrespect on the American people. Guess what? We don't like it. "Drain the WH Swamp."
Have you seen your congressman's tax return. What disrespect, doesn't hold a candle to the disrespect media and leftist protestor have shown
Oh Give Me A Break!Those docu are available to be seen if U ask for each Rep/Sen.There are recent listings out there & on campaign donations
I asked Wyden right here on Twitter and nothing. We did see a tax return form 2005 showed he paid higher % than anyone else. SHE LOST to bad
Q: Is the President *required by law* to release his taxes?  If not, shouldn't we be focusing on, say, Russia, and Trump's ties to it?
Both.
We should be capable of doing both if we are leading the Democratic-leaning world, no?!
+ his tax returns might advance the Russia investigation
Remember when @maddow tried that?
Fact, i never saw your tax returns either,  please release them to the citizens of Oregon before you start calling the kettle black
FASCISTS Lois Lerner & Obama stole the 2012 election, docxed nonprofits & targeted folks 4 prosecution.

It must not happen again.
If the "IRS is required to audit the President," why hasn't this happened yet? How long do we have to wait?
Good question.
Can the audit be used as evidence in the investigation?
If it's not sanction-yes.
This is as it should be. Great news.
Keep working on it for us Ron.
, Thank you for your continued insistence on the President's transparency re his finances and tax records. We deserve to know.
So please push your peers to do something
And what do you think you will find in his tax returns?
How would we know?
Does the FBI, in its current investigation get access to the President's tax returns?
Subpoena?
Does the FBI need one? Dunno. It would be a very public move.
I think maybe so.  One thing for sure, they need to get their asses in gear!
How is Trump avoiding the IRS audit? Where is it written that the IRS is required to audit the President? 
Keep up the good work, Ron!
Using the office of the POTUS to hide one's criminal past is borderline  a terrorist act upon the Nation as a whole.
Last president to try to hide his taxes...

#TaxMarch #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxes #TrumpTaxReturns
Well- didn't that just work out for him=Impeachment! Hopefully we can do that here.This is the people's ctry-not Trump's Fiefdom
Don't stop publicizing and not allowing Trump to get swsy with these things!
Fact, Trump wasn't President last year. We don't care,  possibly paid more in taxes that you ever have
Why isn't this one adhering?The Only reason=he's hiding something(s).The more he aggravates us w/this Tax avoidance-the more we will PERSIST
Fact: nothing requires the president to release his tax return.
Ron... Please explain to me why Trump is above the Law? Hawking his "Brand". In plain sight. Thumbing his Nose at all of us! ?
Yes... Yes... We should see his Taxes. He should not be in charge of his Fortune. We should... We should...Trump is laughing at us
You, Warren, Pelosi... Even Bernie who I Admire, we should...... to the Nth Degree... Stop him! Just get it done, or what good...
Fact - He just blew $442.6M dropping bombs on an already devastated country n u r concerned about tax returns? Thought u were a progressive!
Hahahaha!!! Face it Ron - ya lost big time and the Democrat party burned itself to the ground.
He lost the election and y'all gave your party to somebody that openly wants to burn EVERYTHING to the ground. 
And you're bad at insults.
Oh wow, an unabashed fascist. Right.
Libtard Troll account named Super Zero - if fits!!!! Hahaha!
@darlene913 He has the title but not the brains.  He's no president.  He's a con artist. God save USA.
Thank You.
Former Presidents turned in their taxes to show trust as well, my opinion.
Refusing to indicates he's not to be trusted, ever.
It is critical we see all President's taxes in order to show they are not using the office for personal gain, clarify holdings & debt
So you're saying there's no point, since he's openly doing all of that?
#Lois Learner irs scam
@realDonaldTrump Wyden you have been whining and crying to the least common Denominator. So please take it to our President and cut the BS!
Lets do an audit on Lois Learner
Then u can wait for IRS to do their job
Just stop please , you are making fool of self.  You got rich off govt he did it himself.
Well by now he must be under audit this time for real
Game DJT playing re his taxes is offensive. He clearly feels we are inferior to him. As if we have no right to demand he release his taxes.
Not for long- we're at the end of another of his hideous lies. Those Tax Returns are coming out as they did for Nixon.
I think we can legitimately call that a "fun" fact :)
Fact: Our President is not required to release his tax returns. #StopWhining
He's not 'required' to golf every weekend either.......yet he DOES. Nice try!  #ReleaseTaxReturns #DonTheCon #Fraud
#audittrump
How is it possible @RonWyden has no real residence in #Oregon. He is only in Oregon for election season.
Is that true? How places is he registered? Many Politicians do live in DC during their tenure. Nothing new.
When the rule of law is situational, its authority is nullified.
They did but they do not have to release findings.
it is no wonder that no decent people would want to be President
A "decent" person (Hillary) did want to be president. Obama was as well, but nice try though!  #DumpTrump
@RonWyden it's a new #potus45 in town! He gets the job done!
Can we see your tax return? We might see your really a resident of NY. #stopbitchingandgettowork #doyourjob
then let the IRS do their jobs.  He has a right to privacy as much as any of us.  If you want to change the rules focus on that.
The President of the United States is not like the rest of us. He must show in good faith that he is not using the office for personal gain.
actually, no he doesn't.  There is no law or rule saying he has to make his taxes public.  If we want that changed then we need to make one.
Hear this people- change it. And we will on Mon-AM w/a call to Ur Rep/Sen/Gov'nr. MEMO:Everyone needs to chip in now or we lose our ctry!
Not required by law (yet) but a Presidential tradition all the way back to Nixon,  at least.
Are they in fact auditing him?
I suppose you could call and ask. I no longer work in taxes and had no special channel to them when I did.
He's proven we lack enforcement for the "checks and balances" thing so I wonder if in fact he's simply commanded the IRS not to audit him.
That's my hope is he's being allowed to continue only to find all the holes in our system.
I wish, but historically the bar for "normal" just gets moved. See: Ronald Reagan.
I'd rather not see him if it's all the same to you.
What about working on legislation to help support our seniors, veterans and hungry American children
Yeah........that too!  #MultiTask #WalkAndChewGum #TrumpTaxReturns
Required?? What law mandates he releases tax returns?  Make that your next Snowflakes project
used to stand up for things. Now he just follows party marching orders.
Why don't you change the law, you're a law maker?
#trumpreleaseyourtaxreturns
Wired how one of the richest guys in the Senate cries about this every day.  Must be nice to get rich in congress
Bingo
He would rather blow us all up then let anyone see his taxes
Maybe releasing his taxes might cause him to decinigrate like the wicked witch from#TheWizard Of Oz..
psst. We know you had a @Stanford cap on under that green/yellow thing ;-) 
I don't think he's hiding shady deals, cuz we all know already. I think he's hiding it cuz his assets r not what he claims. Just out of ego.
What about Trumps ties with Russia?
Exactly why he won't release.....
