Vote every republican out!!!!!
Don't let the GOP Tea Party destroy our healthcare!  The 13 committee is all TP!  No tax breaks for rich at cost of kids health! Fix ACA!
Thank you for all that you do. We appreciate you. 
Please publish list of colleagues on the fence --> particularly female GOP's or ones with teenage daughters.
So happy to have you as our Senator! Keep up the good  fight! #disgusting #discriminatory #TheResistance
I guess this guy forgot how ACA is failing us. Fewer ins co in plans and even fewer doctors/hospitals accept.  Who is he fooling?
bcz ins cos allowed to opt out so lay fault where it belongs!  Time to go to Single Payer System bcz Health ins for profit doesn't work!.
Ins companies did what law permitted. SCOTUS ruled.
Thank you for standing up for your constituents! I have blasted Walden for not putting me and the rest of constituents first. Unconscionable
Still no condemnation of Antifa's rioting in your state #StupidOnPurpose Sen Wyden. Complicit in these actions you are, #TermLimits we need
Tired of losing yet?
Thank you for remaining true to Oregon values. May others hear your voice as well!
I don't see how he remains true to Oregon values when he doesn't even live in Oregon
Thank you @RonWyden. 
It was a flop as most programs in Oregon are. State was a great one until a democrat named.Tom McCall threw a monkey wrench into it in 1979.
Hear my voice and pass it on then.
I'm trusting you and @SenJeffMerkley to stop the wrong @repgregwalden has attempted to bring upon Oregonians like me and my family.
Speaker Ryan's voice mailbox is full.  How can we speak out if they won't listen?
I'm making lots of noise!!  Thankfully my Oregon reps have a heart and a conscience.  Thank u
All except @repgregwalden He voted for Trump care!
Our Senators @RonWyden and @SenJeffMerkley will vote against it and we will persist!
Thanks for the info.  I will be sure and attend rep Walden's next town hall.
You're our only hope, Senate. Can Oregon just go Single Payer 
PLEASE!!!!!
ACA taxes wages and investment income to support medicare.  AHCA taxes only earned income.  We all get Medicare ptB at age 65, let's all pay
We need you to keep fighting, Ron. Make us proud!
Thanks for being my Senator!!! We could not have better representation in Washington DC from Oregon!!
"Just need to pass the bill to see what's inside it".  The ACA was such a success! Not!
Thank you for standing for what is right. ACA isn't perfect, but it made my insurance cover well child checks @ 100%. Thank you again!
CALL IT #TRUMPCARE.  Words matter. This is his bill. This is his disgusting legacy.
Shut up Wyden. You haven't lived in Oregon for decades so quit pretending you are somebody who did.not marry for lots of money which you did
PLEASE DO EVERYTHING YOU CAN TO MAKE SURE THIS BILL FAILS IN THE SENATE!! OREGONIANS ARE COUNTING ON YOU, JEFF MERKLEY AND EARL BLUMENAUR!!!
I know you are voting no for all of us. Thanks 
Thank you for standing up for the majority.
Why not work with the republicans for a bill that reflects what's good for all Americans or do non democrats not deserve your time?
Glad to oblige, now represent me by voting in support of our new healthcare bill. 
Elizabeth Warren knows how I feel. But 45% of US is totally bamboozled.
Thank you for all you're doing, for standing up for Oregon and the USA.  Give 'em hell!
We're counting on you!
It will pass the senate for this simple reason. 1 trillion tax reduction. http://www.atr.org/list-obamacare-taxes-repealed … educate yourself
Say, how's the Oregon Health Plan doing, anyway?
You have to exhaust every parliamentary procedure at your disposal to slow or stop this. R's are always about party before country
and you won't pass the next election...
Will make it heard loud and clear
Thank you. I'm glad you are my senator.
You're shutting down all Senate business effective immediately, right? It's what they'd do in your shoes.
We know you will do your part!
What do I do, Ron?
Please do everything you can to stop this healthcare bill from passing the Senate.
All elected officials should be mandated on Trumpcare or bill should be scrapped. President too!
You know what's going to really piss you off?  When people find out this is a whole lot better bill than Obama (the dingdong) care. Loser.
Notice I didn't say "you" because you are exempt.
Concerned that some forego seeking care to avoid documentation of pre-existing condition(s), @RonWyden. TY for all of your hard work!
Win win for Trump. If Dems block in Senate then Ocare spirals on downward to its death anyway.
Democrats like punishing Americans with fines for not buying what congress tells them to buy. #obamacare
Let's start now.!
Hope your are right.
It is the senates job now to fix this. Thank you. All members now need to face their voters IN PERSON just as Oregon does!
@realDonaldTrump @DarrellIssa @SpeakerRyan political suicide thanks democrats cheering today #votethemout
how about you highlight greg walden's hard work taking away oregonians health care?  greg walden is a disgrace to our state.
Thank you for standing up for Oregon!
We will make our voices heard loud and clear!
We made our voices heard this week, did nothing! The brazen greedy money grab is unstoppable!
Don't even hold sessions on it until CBO score comes back
Hear my voice: not just no, but hell no!
With @JoeManchinWV @SenatorHeitkamp & others regularly supporting @GOP agenda, Hope you're right...
Msg sent.... grab your hard hats America...we will fight this with every ounce of decency #ACA #TheResistance
Decency? To bad your side(progressives).doesn't possess some. Bankrupt political movement to say the least reminders of past dead movements.
@GOP The rich just trumped Trump. Hahaha
#CU2018 we are the majority Americans. 
We have Senator! We have! And it still gets through House. What more can we do? These people are hell-bent on ruining America.
GOP boasted the bill is less than 200 pages; surprising since "Sick Americans, Drop Dead!" Would have fit on one.
I would last maybe 6 months without my medicines.
Please keep an open mind. My health care expenses are $2550/mo and I need help Costs were manageable under OHP but too high under ACA. Help!
Trump and GOP throws its base under bus.
Only the wealthy are allowed to be healthy!  Shame on Republicans! We will PERSIST!
WE WILL.
If it doesn't pass, then you better have something, b/c Obama care has died! So better get cracking and find a way to work with Repubs !
And they're toasting their malice with light beer and smirks. Disgusting.
Keep up the resistance S. Wyden. We are all of us counting on you
I really hope so, Ron. Taking away the health care of so many should be an act of war.
Please do anything you can to stop this.  We are counting on you. We will take care of getting rid of the House Rs who voted for this.
Very happy I've been able to vote for you. Thank you sir, keep up the good work.
Promise?
