This includes visitors logs from Trump’s properties, like Mar-a-Lago, where he conducts the people’s business.
We need to know why the Russian ambassador visited Obama 22 times first, while Hillary was selling our Uranium. 
#RonIsNotInterested
Snopes? Bwahahahahahahahahahahahaha
You deny facts you don't like.  

It's a serious delusion and it's not healthy or safe.
Senator, w/all due respect, I think the president would laugh at this. Who would enforce this? Trump?
Believe that could eventually be the Judicial Branch...

@RonWyden
@now7grandkids not when your this shady/dirty..... can't even think about it:)
Putin talkin about his bromance: "You men eat your dinner, eat your pork and beans, 
I eat more chicken, than any man ever seen"
Why else do they go to Mar-a-Lago? For a little wooptie-doo without archive...all pres stuff needs to be archived!!! This is wrong
what good? when they bring them in the back door at trump tower and mar-a-lago...
2/2  .but yea, I didn't realize that there would ever not be a log at OUR WHITE HOUSE    Is that now true?
.@RonWyden @ThisisntEasy D'Trump's not a interested in any of that. His goal is to become a dictator. Why ppl can't see that is a mystery.
Of course! Everything that can become public should become public. They work for us!!!
These are the reason these people have cozied up to Putin! Please investigate & IMPEACH! Throw the bums out!
@sherrilee7 Yes and why are Trump's staff in the WH using private email?
He has neo-Nazi Sebastian Gorka aiding him who wrote for Holocaust denial mag in Hungary! Invited HC Strache.
No telling how many White Nationalists & Ruskies are visiting. BOTH HATE UN & NATO!! Please investigate!
Doesn’t FOIA requests cover this?
Paline Hanson is White Nationalist from Australia and was invited by Rep. Klinzinger & Rep. Adam King..
@sherrilee7 Ask Sean Spicer if any Russian intelligence officials are visting the WH-his answer would be Nyet.
What???? Now these are private??? STOP THIS CRAZINESS!
..leader of the Austrian neo-Nazi FPO party to inauguration & One Nation White Nationalist leader Hanson was
Yes. but Sir U HAVE bigger fish to fry-@maddow seems 2b doing your jobs- Maybe u should watch 2C what's happening in TRUMP CON
@ThisisntEasy Please RT to the galaxy.

that should be a drink made with schnapps and vodka. But not trump vodka
I feel that visitor logs at Maralago need to be demanded as well. Nigel Farage was there a couple of weekends ago, PRIOR TO LEAKS!
@freeandclear1 And MAINSTREAM reporters must be allowed in always
..invited neo-Nazi HC Strache! All these people hate UN, Angela Merkel, & NATO, including PUTIN!
@crtconsu And his birth certificate, and his taxes.
and his school records....and his real health records...AND MELANIA'S  FRAUDULENT  CITIZENSHIP APPLICATION
Yes. Also, that's the least of my worries right now...
...and he should make his tax returns public...one way or another. Suspect they are the Rosetta Stone of Trump kleptocracy...
How about in the same timely fashion Obama presented his birth certificate. That gives him a year.So hush til then!
@f17strike and visitors to Mar a lago
Does that include visitors to the new #BungaBunga Lounge?

@alanalt
Trump should also make the log of who visits Mar a logo public too ! Since Trump calls it the winter Whitehouse
@f17strike One can only imagine the story that log book would tell. 
And any visitors at MAL.
we can do this once his predecessor makes his phone tap logs public records..stop whinning anytime now..
Tell my Senator @SenBlumenthal to get fixing CT economy and stop showboating! MA is kicking our arse Mr #38 in country!
Keep fighting, Sen. Wyden!
unfortunately #socalled45 @realDonaldTrump is crooked & liar so of course he won't do this #PutinsPuppet #ImpeachTrump #Traitor
A lot of people "calling on" DT to do things.  This assumes he cares & is a good human being.  He will do nothing unless forced.
... and the Mar-a-Lago visitors logs.
YES.  It is our house!
don't forget the "southern" White House!
it's the ppl house not trump he only a temporary resident who should be evicted
isn't that covered under the Federal Records Act? Not that he's about following the laws, but doesn't the law exist?
Can't somebody just arrest Trump for treason instead of worrying about trivia like visitor logs?
No I disagree.
@IndivisibleORD2 No more @SenateDems wanted to sign? #SAD
@mcmjolnir Did he? If these are your battles, we know how vacant Dems are.
Love to c Mar-a-Lago too. Heard Russians may be meeting him there...true?
still waiting on tax returns
Does anyone think he will though?
Thank you Senator Wyden.  You make me proud to live in Oregon.
Let's see your logs, we pay you, you were elected. Who do you associate with.  I don't ever remember getting to see obamas logs.
yes!
yes all logs
@AltUSFWS Good luck with that! There is a reason they don't want it public so I'm assuming if it is not a law they won't care
@AltUSFWS and translate them from Russian to English.
#GovernmentTransparency is a must!
WHAT THAT HV 2 DO WITH IT?? ONLY WANT 2 SHOW THEY THERE N DON'T BELONG!!! SIMPLE!!!!!!!
You really believe he's keeping logs then? LMMFAO
@Kdemeo
You mean instead of putting newspaper over the windows to hide what he's doing? @POTUS @RonWyden @theonlyadult
I think it was black plastic.
but of course. unless he sneaks them in ...  just sayin!
Agree totally, too many secrets!
I just did.
yes, I'd love to see the #paytoplay logs. #crookedtrump #crookedGOP
@brandonlancast2 Unbelievable. What is Trump hiding? Need another investigation. Congress going to be tied up.
@SenateDems Thank you for your work.  We need you now more than ever!
thats a lie obama hid his for a year
Thank You Ron.  You fight us Oregonians and all Americans!
People shouldn't be asking 4 retweet's "if you agree." Retweeting should happen naturally!
Retweet if you agree.
@steven_viorel what is he hiding.  #notmypotus
This what you are working on in congress?  Pathetic.
really?? visitor logs???..ur concerned about visitor logs??? how about representing ur constituents, stop the grandstanding
How about you just require him to do what Obama did. That seemed to satisfy you then.  Are you going to do any real work 4 Oregon?
@SenateDems so, how many times DID CREAMER visit barry????
@crtconsu And his Birth Certificate
what about Mar-a-Lago or other resorts? 
Ps: #TrumpRussia investigation &
#TrumpTaxReturns 
#NoBanNoWall 
#AcaRepeal  is bad
and Mar A Lego too people expect transparency  they won't get it but they expect it
Hope the Winter White House is included also. If he calls it tht then its public
Still not doing your job Ron. RU distracted? Squirrel!!!!! Oh yea, DNC directives and all. #TermLimits
Oooh, that might open a can of worms he can't deal with! Is anybody watching the WH backdoor?
WOULD EXPOSE ALL KREMLIN RUSSIAN FEDERATION MOB PUTIN SENDS HIM TO MAR A LAGO 3  ITALIAN CRIME FAMILIES MAFIA NY TIED TO ALL
To be fair I won't be able to read many of his visitors as I can't read Cyrillic alphabet; ->)
Yes....he should...I thought that was a matter of public record. Guess not huh.
@PrincessBravato why is this even an option?
more importantly, WHEN was this NOT the policy? i recall a time when social "gate crashers" were breaking news!
@SunFoundation the same goes for trump tower and Mar a Lago.
no I prefer Donald Trump to be corrupt. 

http://brontecapital.blogspot.com.au/2016/12/in-praise-of-donald-trumps-conflicts-of.html …
yea but a transparent corrupt
I think that this should just be a law, period.
I agree, although I had seen reports that President Obama could have been more transparent on this point…
Retweet if you agree: Trump, like his predecessor, should make White House visitor logs public 
@TracyFortShow I think it all should be logged even that Florida golf 
@GreatDismal i am guessing it will be a "Nyet". Anyhow I am more interested in #Trumprussia - we need an investigation!
@milesjohnson993 who's he hiding? It will leak out.
@SenateDems @realDonaldTrump @GOP Love it, but never gonna happen! DJT wants no one to see who he sees. He likes secrecy!
@SenatorCarper Before DJTRUMP's Inauguration elevators and everything that was broken was fixed.The Pres a DOER,MAGNIFICENT. MAGA!
@SenatorCarper With OBAMA I do not recall visitors at WH only who ever he liked,at other buildings,broken elevators fr 2 yrs.
As a patriotic American citizen, absolutely!
Yes Trump should.
@SenatorCarper isn't this a lie? Obama never divulged half his visitors. FOIA's got the other half.
@SenatorCarper YES, should not even be request.  We DEMAND administration of transparency!
Altho there's probably a lot of meetings in dark alleys w/o sign in sheets
include ppl who visit him in NY/FL residence as well. Trump will just meet ppl other places.
Enough of the gotcha game and do you job for the people!
@Grandma_Shelia 
Does this include the "southern white house" Mar a'Lago? It should...Trump named it indicating he does biz there.
kind of hard to do it on a golf course where Obama only played golf.
@carrieinco he can't because too many Russian mafia visits
@SenateDems never.
@TheDemCoalitionThe Obamas made it the people's House.Trump has turned it into the extremist billionaires House.We aren't welcome
he's been in a month how many visitor logs do you think he has? Is this really what congess is worried about? Nit Pik much.
@SenateDems   NO.
Someone please tell Don he's in the Peoples' House and we have a right to know what goes on. He's just a boarder.
why didn't any body make this fuss over Obama. you people want to know more than you need to about our prez
Because the logs were made public! Read the bloody letter.
I want to know who is stealling oooopppps I mean rummaging oooppps who are we paying to sleep in the commie lovers room phhewww
What is #Trump hiding?
@SenateDems when you make FISA recorded and NSC briefing of Obama available
If people, rather than whining on twitter, called their congressional reps and demanded impeachment, this would go a lot faster.
He's sneaking people in the back door of Mar a Lagoon.
.@RonWyden wait... Didn't we recently see a former POTUS who hid portions of his visitor list?
Boy DT thinks of every underhanded way to keep secrets, all the Russians can visit w/o a record.
Absolutely, it's OUR house, not his!
This piece of shit HIDING THIS TOO???
We should also get to see who visits Mar A Lago and Trump Tower as the president's guest.
They're probably all racists and bigoted homo-islamophobes. Could be wrong, but it'll be fun 4 u racepimps.
He won't make anything public. He confuses democracy with dictatorship, doesn't think we have the right to know what he's doing.
hey can you get back to work and make a statement about #Vault7. Also the ability for the CIA to put a Russian fingerprint on hack
#Vault7 is just more distraction. We're staying on #TrumpRussia right now.

#TheResistance
I hope you plan on protecting Oregon from his antics the best you can. We depend on you and have faith in you!
Thanks for your hard work, Mr. Wyden! And, greetings from Portland!
He is more dangerous than any illegal in the US.
He need to resign. He's way over his head and his administration is out of control.
Would be a good day to release his tax returns too.
@maguirekevin Doesn't matter as most Americans can't read Russian.
and a good portion can't read English either considering who Dems cater to. Illegals.
that's what you're worried about??? Gay...
