Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
@realDonaldTrump your a Liar!
you're damn right. Keep fighting it..
why so negitive so soon? Those who voted for you on the conservitive side are frustrated about your attitude
Isn't that where it started?
Thanks for introducing the bill re: information that should not be taken down because of a new presidency
Get Government out of healthcare. They suck at it & are #StupidOnPurpose This means repealing Obamacare as well. #TermLimits
Medicare works great.  What's needed is to get greedy pharma & ins companies out of the way.  Single payer!!
The Oregon Health Plan won't even fix a hernia until life threatening.  Forcing disability. That is not great it sux.
It certainly isn't perfect, but OHP saved my life.  Without expanded Medicaid I would have been without care.
@fangpusskins With party favors that include their bonus checks.
Here's what needs to happen, Americans have got to accept every tweet & every word out of Trump's mouth as a lie.
- I am MAD! the rich get richer and make deals behind close doors- and then laugh at our "perceived" stupidity.  Enough!
If replacement good for patients, then congress healthcare should be eliminated so imperialists receive same care as proletariat
"it will end up in a beautiful picture" is the most telling thing happening in @realDonaldTrump  post. 
why are my tax dollars going to protect his business interests in Florida and NYC? This is criminal.
unfortunately, very well said.
I agree, they will. Just as the #russianconnection did when #notmypresident won! #resist #persist! #keepyeyesonbannon
beautiful picture of corpses
Every time you throw shade at the Great Orange Tool I love you more.
@AgentMarshall screw beautiful pictures. We want health care not Trumpcare
can Democrats work with @SenSanders to publicly present a counter health Care bill? Either ACA fixes or Medicare for all!
Trump's tweets are absolutely ignorant- they reflect his lack of education & limited vocabulary. Disgusting!
Don't need press to know how bad it is. Listened to E&C Comm on CSPAN for hrs. Not 1 Dem amendment passed. No swamp drainage there
no @realDonaldTrump, it sounds *terrible*. Horrible step backwards & theft of health & $$ from Americans. You should be ashamed. /@RonWyden
Don't worry Mr. President only 7 counties in Oregon are democrat. we don't like Wyden on the East Side of the mountains in Oregon
I guess the Dems could have done something about it when they created the ACA. #Demshopeless.
This new healthcare bill is a disaster. Thank you for doing all you can to fight this.
@PatrickZircher 

I wonder if it will look like the photo in "The shining" ?
Boy I sure hope so. They desrve it. That is what Mar-A-Lago is for. Fat cat health care exec need a place to go. #Kehlsteinhaus
yes!
djt would prob charge hc execs for dinner, drinks and "privilege" of dining with him.  No conflicts there.
We are talking to many group. Some of them may actually exist outside my head. It's a beautiful picture. Like my HD TV. Trust me.
it would be a lot harder to total of the original bill want such a massive giveaway to health care companies. Hypocrite.
so I am assuming that you must not have one of those bills. For if you did you would realize that it doesn't work. Hidden TAX
I don't need to listen to The Press. The proof is in the u.s. mail every month it's called 1,545  dollars and 0 since .
Please stop this train wreck Senator.
@jjdc76
probably not, BlueCross Blue Shield likes ACA, and democrat command and central control of healthcare.
And paying Trump for the "privilege".
@ravenlore and unicorns frolic in the meadow.
No that is what they did when Obama Care passed and the decline of American health care started. Do you have RCI.
#sponsoredbyINSURANCECEOS
yep bigger raises coming for these guys
And the evironmental lobbyist will be parting at your 7.5 mil NY townhouse or one or your other 2 homes.
I'm a veteran nurse...Close your mouth about health care, you're in way over your head.
Seriously, at my first OR pulmonologist visit, I was asked if I knew that they ready to help me off myself. I am 50...I had a cold
My Senator is smart AND funny. Not to mention principled and compassionate.
Isn't your state the one that conveniently euthanizes pesky elderly folk...Oh, that's right...you "assist" them in this decision.
Stop being verbally divisive and actively contribute to a solution as Pres. Trump seems to be.
does it piss you off you weren't invited? Blue Cross is 1 of your biggest sponsors. Guess thats why you dont push for #SinglePayer
and Trump peddling his Trump water to make $$$ on it
Hell no! Trump is such a big  liar.
w/chronic illness, this is scary. With insurance, one of my meds cost me $110 a month and I had to fight my insurance to cover it
Without coverage, it would cost $1100. CRAZY! We need prescription reform.
Obamacare put them there already! Your point?

Did they write the bill?
Chump care is like all his other scams like Trump U.
If you're weathy, young, and healthy, it's a beautiful picture.  Otherwise, you pic might be in the morgue.
Partying, all the while rolling out deregulations that will compound sicknesses. Flint suffers to this day. Picture of our future.
No, they partied after the #ACA was passed. When new law passes, they will be off the socialist gravy train
But it will be a beautiful picture!  Best picture ever!  Filled with happy rich guys! @RonWyden
Exactly what I was thinking.
@mwoody68 Poor and old people dying must be beautiful to Trump! Good thing he doesn't have to have the same health plan.
rally representatives to stand up for the poor & vulnerable versus padding the pockets of the rich elite Trump posse & dynasty!
thanks for speaking and sharing our values.
it will end with Trump going back to Obamacare and giving himself the credit for it.
or perhaps Scotland
Then do your job and stop this.
unfortunately one democratic senator can only do so much, it's the republican reps who need to do their jobs
Agreed. So start reaching over the aisle harder. Enlist help. Think creatively. No one can accomplish anything great entirely alone.
@indivisibleOR1 still got that draft of #HealthyAmericansAct tucked away? @SpeakerRyan needs a healthcare bill fast
juvenile#ronwyden
he is from CALIFORNIA and I am a 4th gen Oregonian. #ronwyden does not even live in this state #libtard #orPol
lets not pretend healthcare execs didn't party after Obamacare
That's the image I'm seeing. But thank you, Senator, for standing up against this travesty.
Sen. Wyden, this new tax cut for the rich thinly disguised as "health care" needs to be fought with everything you have!
beautiful picture of all poor sick people dead.  pay-to-play!
DON'T LET IT
@Rosie @SenSanders @POTUS44 Here is what Ron Wyden says. He is VERY concerned on behalf of all Americans.
Quit pretending to rep OR living in NY. You failed serving the people and now you pretend. Repeal ACA! Quit lining your pockets!
Why don't you go away, beargreaser?
@fprefect6 worst healthcare proposal ever
putting more responsibility on the states won't work...chronically ill will seek coverage in the cheaper states
@realDonaldTrump DJT U made huge promises2get our votes&now we wantU to deliver.Better, Affordable healthcare. ITS NOT IN THERE!!
...." beautiful picture" in la-la land!
don't forget @ronwyden on taxpayer dollars
World's Greatest Healthcare Plan of 2017 ( lol ) #ModestTrump
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/1275/text …
Exactly right Senator Wyden ... thank you for speaking truth to power and fighting the good fight.
@EddieWooWoo @realDonaldTrump @nytimes has his number. Sold his voters a ticket to hell.
hows tax season in the Wyden NYC house? Pretty high taxes in NYC? Are taxes lower in OR? Any tax advantage 2 u moving family here?
Good one Ron.  I'm laughing but my tummy feels anxious
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS EXACTLY, MR. WYDEN!!
Thanks! Humor helps.
 that was good
Trump doesn't care what's in this bill, he just wants to check it off his list and say he kept promise-except to insure all.
It's not that they want us to suffer, they're just unbelievably happy to make money off of it
I think you meant to say wealth care didn't you?
