Has it been verified that female lawmakers were deliberately excluded from this? Second, not all women are pro-abortion.
shocking.  All white, GOP men.  They will never respect women's rights
Not one woman... smh @KamalaHarris
This group just made it more difficult for women to get access to health care worldwide. You tell me what's wrong with this picture. 
who was Clinton's campaign manager, spokes person? Two white men. Lol
all old dried up white men. CA needs to dismiss this
@Auzzielvr Free Viagra for everyone!!! ( Trumpcare in a nutshell. )
Murdering babies is NOT Healthcare!  You will NOT use my tax dollars to fund murder..  pay for your own abortion..

1) all men. 2) all white 3) all "American"
Not American, they'd have to be 'Native American'; otherwise they're immigrant stock
@RedHourBen 
So if they all had vaginas and melanin, they're opinion would matter?

Right. Only certain people are okay.
Its called America First . Women in the USA get superior health care. That's why the majority voted Trump
Bannon is giving me strong Palpatine vibes here
oh my lord
What's wrong with this picture ?your interpretation
@jenniferbeals that pic would make a great vasectomy ad!
Just guessing....but....all sexist white men making decisions about women's healthcare worldwide? Ammirite?
horrifying. All white men deciding on women's health and reproductive rights. Again, horrifying.
lots of things. 1. no women, 2. no computer, 3. two phones?! What the hell? How is this guy running the country w/ 2 phones?!
"What right do we have to restrict anything anyone says much less what a dr can say to a woman who needs a dr?" Abby Bartlet
Keep on with the identity politics. It's just great!
@MattSabuda tired of the same mannes madness!
And watch the vid, Senator: no comments about it like the other two he signed! !
@RFHKerry That Mike Pence isn't smiling and/or laughing maniacally? Though to be fair he's probably doing it on the inside.
no women present.
So disgusting! Thank you for fighting for what's right always! We must fight back! #notmypresident
I fixed it for you #notmypresident
how?  What'd they do?
EVERYTHING!!! Let's rise against this. You have us the people, we pay their salary.Let's take them down for good #ResistTrump
Pence for starters
Let's talk eugenics - not ok - but that is the foundation of Planned Parenthood!
"The most merciful thing that a family does to one of its infant members is to kill it".  Margaret Sanger founder PParenth..
@Bwana86 old white males
How would they feel if women had control of their penis's ?
I clicked "LIKES" because of the picture, not because of the words from Harris
Nauseating & infuriating. Republican men should all be sterilized
Its all white men with grins and smiles on their smug little faces.
@Annemazer I am so sick and tired of old white men making decisions about women's bodies. I hate every last one of them.
AND I bet they can't find OUR "G" spot!! IDIOTS!!!!
: where are the WOMEN Trump ??? Shame to you
There are millions of women watching and I am one of them.  Thank you President Trump!!!
@prichardsonla What happens in your bedroom is your business not the taxpayers funding abortions at $500 million annually.
No, Fed $ already not allowed to fund abortion.
ALL MEN, NO WOMEN, on Women's own body & healthcare issues!
Nothing is wrong with that picture or this one
why is a man deciding what I should do to my body?
Sad part is they're happy about it and have no solution. How's that for making American great again.
@TinaMorphis @UniteWomenOrg  @EmergeAmerica  @TheWomensWatch  @PPFA  @HRC 

Men who want to rule women
Hey women are not people to Trump. We're just sex toys. Why would he care about us dying?
I'm sure he doesn't view you that way at all
.@BeardedGunny @KamalaHarris @MikeNellis You don't have to be a prof historian like me to know that pregnancy, childbirth are dangerous!
why do you presume they are unaware of this? It may be they don't want to pay for abortions.
les branches de l' arbre ( dehors )
The ideas ofCondoleezzaRice poisoned and corruptedcommunitiesandthecarelessness and lackofstrictObama inmanydecisions brought us toterrorism
Everything.
an abortion isn't "healthcare" it's not covered under any insurance. It's not a disease but a choice to end a pregnancy
Nothing wrong w/ pic!!!Abortion is disguised as healthcare in the mind of those who are blind and ignorant. #justified murder?
This photo is so f**king horrifying.
with all due respect this limits healthcare for women in your country...not the world. He isn't that powerful #
@KamalaHarrisYou just showed your complete ignorance.This was ALL about international funding.To provide BC,Paps,AIDS prevention.
.@KamalaHarris I'm showing you what's right with this picture.
@missmayim too many thank god i live in Canada. Here women are valued and our voice matters.
You tell me you're going to kick some ass in your new position.  We're counting on all women in gov't! @KamalaHarris
it's not Obama and their is no women to have a voice in this group.
thank you for standing up for women everywhere!
I see a room full of penises.
The dogs and cats got together to decide where the rats were going to live.
sounds like yall better stock up on condoms and birth control... oh wait, i forgot promiscuity was praised
Sure. In safe, consensual situations. People are free to do as they choose - but I'd always vote for safe.
ohhh noo they want to screw around and then use abortion as a form of birth control.
What about cases of rape? A woman gers pregnant from that act and you're saying she has to have the baby...
the mother shouldn't have to birth or care for a rapists child!
@Petchary The blind can tell you!
Indeed Marilyn!
SMH!!
Look at all the white privileged men taking away healthcare for women who need it most.
@POTUS has more women in his admin than any other potus & he pays his female employees = unlike Hill and BO
name the women and their positions. All I see in this inner circle photo is privileged white men
McMahon SBA, Haley UN Amb Devos Education Chao Transp Verma CMS
none of them have even been confirmed yet so
then you can blame the Democratic senators for being mysoginistic obstructionists.
How about using that money in America?. We already spend a fortune policing the world. Do we also need to be medical providers
Who asked to "police" (aka invade under false pretences) Iraq, creating this mess ?
it's so incredibly wrong 
why is it not wrong for the millions of Americans who do not support abortion to have their tax dollars funding it?
So can we defund war machines? Many disagree that we should fund that so heavily, but we do. #hypocrisy
damn right. And no rebuttal can touch that. We all pay taxes for things we don't support @metzgerl @DeapVally @KamalaHarris
ALL MEN!
@Steve_Ens I never said all whites were privileged. I said THIS is a group of privileged white men.
@cherokeesher2 @KamalaHarris EVERYTHING!!! This group consists of Traitors & Extremists! This is day 4 & we will end up in crisis & war!
I think so. I'm gonna stock my basement like it's a 7/11. Keep real  buried.. Cause you never know.
This whole thing is very unreal!!FYI Your phone did 7 instead of 9.
oh.. I meant It was going to be stocked like a convenience store. With provisions. Was not thinking of 9/11.
 My mistake!!
no problem. I should try to be more clear sometimes. 
No not all. 
PP does > 2% of mams, > 1% Paps, >2% Health screenings. DNA matters. Stop the denial. #fetalrights
"Health care" is for when you have a disease, unwanted pregnancy is irresponsibility not a disease.
Please tell that to the women this global gag order is affecting. They were raped as a war crime:
While that's horrific, why again are we responsible fiscally for that?
We aren't already! As it states in article, funds can't go to foreign abortions per Helms amendment...
...But now funds for ANYTHING are forfeit if foreign aid org MENTIONS abortion to rape victims in counseling. Heartbreaking.
Is, and I support abortion for rape, incest, life of mother BUT, I fail again to see why they need my money
Again, they do not have your $ per Helms amend. They give up money for other services if they say the word. Thus, gag order.
And apparently, it now goes beyond any exceptions Bush made for public health epidemics:
You mean that room full of Ass Holes? Thanks middle America.  What a ship of fools.
the  .
That you are in the top left corner of it.
white men, making choices for women
Ivanka trump is so beautiful .. ..https://ayoow.blogspot.co.id/2017/01/ivanka-trump-beauty-pictures.html …
@JuddApatow Hmm where do I start..Are you talking about all the dildos standing in the room or the implied whites only sign?!
That statement is a misrepresentation of the act that was signed.
Evidently so many facts and "alternative facts" going around, one must fact check everything.
Wrong: Republican Males. However an old white guy did want to bring in MORE funding to Planned Parenthood aka @BernieSanders
Sanders said Planned Parenthood was part of the 'establishment' in his first debate with HRC.
What does that have to do with anything? He is literally against defunding Planned Parenthood.
I'm just saying he should never have tried to delegitimize PP as 'establishment'.
I was just trying to do a "not all men are bad unless they're republican" thing not debate with someone from my own party.
There r plenty of other men from Dem party u could've chosen. I don't think Bernie was the best choice coz of what he said.
Okay, @TimKaine. There?
Much better!
yep American voted for a bunch of men to make decisions for women. Soon you won't be able to vote!
.@KamalaHarris in today's bills they made sure to include 2 white women rofl.
@JuddApatow no woman involved and an orangutan signed it
I want 2 create an exec. order stating that viagra is now illegal or costs 25,000 a pill on the blk mkt. #INFURIATED.#ImpeachPutinsPuppet
men-men-men-men manly men men-men....
follow us!!!
Mike Pence is the Devil. Look at him. It drips out of every pore of him. He and Bannon. They make me sick!
The answer is that they're all men. It doesn't matter that they are white.
Everything!
@indiacarney 
Nothing!!
they look like bunch of villains plottin something
@NerdyWonka They are Team Viagra.
worldwide we look stupid
@missmayim Why should American taxpayer money be used for ANYONE'S health care, either in or out of USA?
What's wrong? they're out of their uniform of light tan with red arm band on the left side. They belong in 1945
#StopMisogyny
All white ain't right.  All men a sin.  This is not representative of America 2017.
Overabundance of sausages?
There's a cheeto-faced moron behind the desk in the Oval Office?
his parents are kkk,then around people start war he should be here to change,and he married a foreigner, he has beautiful fam
@shanebarry17 Trump is the one sitting at the presidential desk. That's what's wrong with the picture 
@cj_disabled I believe the problem is most of them have lil'man syndrome,and they are getting back at women that laughed
Elective abortion isn't healthcare and we didn't do anything to make it more difficult. Why should we pay for it?
Our smart, savvy and fabulous new Senator. SO PROUD to have you representing. Now go get 'em #ninjagirl, OK? #mydayinla
how do we tell these men that when they bear children they get to decide?@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @DarrellIssa
Abortion is not and has never been healthcare. It is in every sense the deliberate taking of a human life.
everything is wrong with this picture him being president for one
same old, same old. White ignorant men in control.
too many dicks
worldwide, how are they responsible for women who are non-citizens??
Nothing is wrong with the picture. Unless you are racist against whites and sexist towards men.
thsts a lie !
No they just made it harder to murder their babies.
All old men making decision about women's body's. This is NOT right. Good ole Boys Club in full swing here! #womansrights
there are NO WOMEN
nothing wrong..!
strange, my wife and daughter's did not lose their health care, nor did my mother, sister our any woman I know. #mustjustbeyou
umm...no women?
7 white men making decision on women's reproductive rights....this is so wrong!
Old White Men!!!!
Its a bunch of old white guys making decisions for women based on likely some strange religious beliefs.Ugghhhh #BellLetsTalk
How else would the billionaire White man get their hands in more billions?? They r soulless.
LET'S DECLARE WAR ON HIM; CALL 202-456-1111; COMPLAIN ABOUT DEVOS, ANY NOMINATION, OR EVEN THE INAUGURATION;
If Planned Parenthood is doing such great work @KamalaHarris why is their a need for so many abortions? And why LATE TERM?
all in one room not a color in site,nothing against republican, I just like to be for everyone,
once again decisions that affect women and not a single woman in the room!
I prefer this version thanks to @wearemitu!
Ever wondered what it would look like if women ran the government like men do? Well, here's a little hint. 
No U.S. Taxpayer should be forced to pay for abortions.  Whether in the U.S or overseas.
It's all old white men...As usual.

After 57 years I have concluded a real mom will give her live for her child. That is called love
everything
in pic: Is alll men but no woman joint this policy for woman
he's a sob
THIS IS SO GROSS
Everything. Control.
How many unwanted children have been adopted by these men?
Curious why killing babies is ok with you?
@JuddApatow Between the eight of them, they haven't seen a vagina in 242 years.
they must all like sucking dick, cause they sure don't respect women
All is wrong with these people.
no they didn't but keep up the fake news
I am ashamed of these stupid hateful bitter old men. They do not represent me or my America. Is it to late to stop this group?
@fridaadolfson ALLA ÄR JU MÄN!!
@JuddApatow get a job that provides health care. Quit expecting the government to pay for you. Free option!!! I go every month
all old pieces of shits
if all the men in pic agree to castration.....
The orange buffoon is being made to write the word "among" 100 times so he doesn't get it wrong?
Well. I agree that these guys are globbed in one expansive LUMP. They are not diversified. GOP traitors
And determined to drag the entire world back to it with them so they can settle thousand year old disputes. Madness.
u mean abortions so say it
Men telling women what they can do with their bodies. Of course, look who the president is. Look at his history with women.
Oh - when did abortion become "health care"...??
Recall Wyden!!!!!
@TinaMorphis
with all that pussy grabbing women need protection, contraceptives and choices.
@SophiaBush 8 men decide to women's health???
history will show Abortions R murder, but U know that-Demand long term birth control mandatory instead instead
well....I didn't vote for this monster!!!!!
Help me to publish and market them. I do not know I can only write thanks
No woman is there, when some men decides about there lifes, choices and bodies. They do no represent women in any way.
And about the "rest of the world", don't even care: you are welcome. Just leave racism, misogine and interventions in our issues at home.
Seems  all the ladies left the oval office I wonder why?   But don't worry the Dutch are here.
all of it.
does the baby your killing have a choice
, world wide, huh? Abortion is not health care. It's an easy out for irresponsible women.
It isn't "healthcare" it's murder for hire.
@HillaryClinkon #all weak men
#
one too many !
it's a great picture to me. But you lie in what you say.
Killing babies isn't healthcare.
why should public employees stop working to watch Trump sign his name? Is it to help Trump with his spelling?
Yah, that's a pretty diverse group of people. So impressed.
Sorry - I'm pro-choice but I don't equate abortion to health care.
all of are men.
Trump just saved millions of lives with a stroke of a pen. God bless him!
let's see what's wrong is that you think abortion is Healthcare.  Sorry I don't want to pay for killing babies.
Nothing.
My only consolation is that time and demographics are against these people.
@fartsey Everything is wrong with this picture, in that it is all old white men, the least qualified of all with pen in hand!
Translation: They made it harder for murderers to kill babies.
sadly everything
Ensuring that U.S. Tax Dollars do not fund abortions abroad has nothing do with preventing healthcare.
We need to kill all the men! They are all CLOWNS.
they all suffer from the Dunning-kruger effect.
