What are the Dems solutions? Prioritize, organize the Resistance of WethePeople to win!
instead of talk so bad about him, try calling and meeting him.  Otherwise, you are the problem.  Stop talking and start working
he won't meet with constituents, I've tried for 3 years.
The only thing I heard was a speech written by someone else and memorized. Nothing from his heart.
Thank you for your service.When are we gonna start the process of Impeachment. Let's get his incompetent ass out of there. Please!
I also listened and watched the Democrats in the corner. He gave a overall plan and vision for the country. In office only 4 weeks
President Trump's  vision for America could work but it sounds like your going to work against him regardless the cost.
Maybe I'll look into a R&R Wyden Plan and see what the rest of the voters think in this district. He was voted in by the people.
I did read your rehashed reteric that has beengoing around since President Trump got elected. Who got America into this crisis
Your own shining star Obama. I can see now I wasted my vote when I checked the box with your name, won't happen again!
Maybe it's because of all those sour grapes in your ears.
*round of applause*. Well said, Senator.
TY for your cogent rebuttal @RonWyden
Listen better if you get another chance.
Really don't think he wants to, he missed the lifeboats.
maybe you should listen to our president instead of pouting.
There are none so blind as those who refuse to see.
There are none so deaf as those who refuse to hear !
then you weren't paying attention and too busy just filling a seat. Did you stand for Mrs. Owens?
please quit the negative rhetoric and provide something , anything to counter President Trumps proposals
You forgot to mention that he should get out of the way if he has none. So far he has give no solutions
I'm ashamed to say you are my Senator. I'll be moving to make sure you don't represent me.
@SenateDems it's hard to hear when all of you acted like petulant children screaming tantrums and fingers in your ears.Just leave.
Good response. Seems to reflect the people who attended the town hall I attended. Keep up the good work.
With the paid thugs to shut down any ideas that go against your agenda.
Just wanted to say thank you for the hard work.
What work, unless you consider obstructionism work. Get on the train or out of the way, Trump is coming through!!!
Don't rely on the total likes, most of them are from people like me who think you should quit!
Thank you sir. I am frankly more disturbed than ever & want a full investigation of his Russian ties. What is being done re Burr?
Keep pushing against the authoritarian agenda of Bannon & Trump. Much  & support from rural Eastern Oregon.
please respect those who arn't in Mult Cnty. Give him his cabinet and give him time. Obama had 8 yrs and nothing came from that.
@SenateDems Because the Dems have done nothing to accomplish that in 8 years. You heard nothing because you don't know the answers
#russiatrump
@SenateDems It was a feel good speech however many of his ideas & comments were based on erroneous info. Read the #factcheck
To dense is my guess. Might want to get a real job you are suited for. Senator is just not working
We're you listening to the same speech I was listening to? I think not. He called for unity so hope you will for all of us.
Open up those pointed ears and try really hard to listen. You Demon-rats made a fool of yourselves!!
Thank you!
@SenateDems are we that afraid here in America I know there's crime n terrorist (somewhere) but are we that scare as Americans
you weren't listening, keep it up fools!
@SenateDems merit based immigration is one.
Really, most other countries use this immigration policy. Except for refugees who get a free pass.
You were not listening! Cross the Aisle and work together.
Your statement just galvanized how out of touch you are.
as well as those who put him there
Catlin Gable is like driving into a very nice college campus. it's here in Oregon which seems appropriate. Good soccer teams too!
@SenateDems if you would take your fingers out of your ears & head out of you behind then you could hear what a awesome POTUS said
you mad?
you should look into Catlin Gable or OES.  Both good private schools in Portland area as God forbid your kids go to Public School
@SenateDems You're really getting desperate. Shows what a great speech it was. Dems are done.
of course you don't have any either, or you would have mention one, right?
did you hear Steve Beshear say it's not about you Sen Wyden?  What u say is muted by the fact that your family doesn't live in OR
THEN YOUR A** IS DEF!!! American citizens heard EXACTLY that!!! We have a @POTUS who wants #AmericaFirst.
You make me embarrassed to be a 4th generation Oregonian.  We need to vote in term limits.
and for all your years in congress you haven't provided any solution either.  Resign.  Go back to California.
@SenateDems I could bare to heard the pussy grabber.
that's because your very liberal ears are closed. Especially to every day Americans. We are watching who we want voted out!
are hearing impaired?
It was a speech not a committee meeting. There is a difference. Even deplorables know this.
Well Ron they make Qtips for that, if you listened at all, you heard tons of real solutions and a President asking for unity.
Thank you, Senator!
If gov't funding combined with private $ will lead to a foreign country annexing the U.S.
tune in to cnn for some more talking points ron....
me neither...
You're a good reason we need Term Limits.
Thank you!
I'm ashamed to call you my Or. rep,/ you love your party more then you love the good of America, how pathetic you are.
Were you NOT listening ?
Building a wall WILL keep out criminals & their drugs !
It works for WH, China, & "Gated Community's" !
Your staff has done nothing but post lies and misinformation all night.  You need to go.
While you were leaning against Franken all evening.  That was cute.
it's Trump's job to provide vision and Congress' job to provide legislation toward that vision. Congress is the problem. And you.
That's because you have your ears filled with liberal failed policies.
Ron because you have Ears and Brains. 

America elected a Mafia-Leech Commander-in-Chief.

God Help Us All Grow Ears and Brains.
if you didn't hear it, then why are you working so hard to stop and block progress???? THINK!!!
Must have had earplugs in your ears. Go check.
What did u hear for past 8 yrs? just a dude reading off teleprompter empty promises.... Guess u like good talkers w/no action
