Will out today.  Calm down!  Dylan sang "How Does It Feel?"  Feel Pelosied? How can you be against something you've never read.
@aecdemblue Nor one woman involved in the drafting.
You're right. Let's hope they don't just sign it and read it later.
@SenateDems message OF RESIST AND HATE ALONG with leadership of Polousy & Schumer IS UR FAILURE & PATHETIC stop obstructing
how do you know-you have not seen it yet!
Keep it up sir. This strategy is working out great for America.
And how do you think denying healthcare to children and the elderly will shake out for America?
Who's denied healthcare in America ?  There's docs/clinics/hospitals on every corner. I don't know anyone who's "denied healthcare"
The people who visit these clinics and hospitals without insurance drive healthcare costs up for you and your family. Do you support that?
I didn't say anything about not paying. I was simply refuting the statement about "denying healthcare". Healthcare is available for all.
Then what do you propose to do about people who need healthcare but can't afford it?
No debate because you, the Dems, took yourselves out of it from the beginning. you left it all up to them willfully, but now you whine?
Just pass it please so we will know what is in it. Sound familiar Ronnie? ?????????
Killing children isn't health care Ron!  Why is Planned Parenthood even necessary with ACA?  Aren't Women suppose to have health insurance?
why does gov promote single women to have kids after kids by differnt baby dads ? eic tax credit / welfare payment does just that
Good
Its an corporate republican.....Health care is humsn right
Lying like this is why u people keep losing. Don't u get tired of losing?  Change ur message.  People wise to the lies. We have computers.
Reading is the key to knowledge
Insurance lobbyists meet GOP staff on ObamaCare repeal
You tell'm Senator!!! This GOP CRAP HAS TO STOP!
@SenateDems more fear mongering to scare theirbbase of buffoons
The fact that no women are on the committee drafting the GOP bill is a bald statement of misogyny. This is a human rights issue! #EvilGOP
What's the threat Ron?
It's hard to have a plan to fix this when u can't debate or read it. Thanks for representing women.
@gop #PassTheBill
Its not so much as an attacks as its an attempted assassination. :\
Just stop lying please it's embarrassing
Thank you for standing up for the ladies! True gent.
Please,,, stop narrating the mess and DO SOMETHING.  Dem's narrate too much.
Right, because you can't debate something you can't read.
I write to Pat Toomey almost every day but he doesn't listen. He will give money to wealthy and screw the elderly and middle income,ashamed
Karen Handel wants to do away with mammograms.  I am speechless.
You mean planded parent hood, abortion and baby part salesmen
Where's your better idea? Oh right, you don't have one. You just keep lying  so your little mindless democrats have something to feed on!
You haven't read the bill yet. This is nothing more than fear mongering BS!
Christian conservative Republicans. Let's be very clear.
Thank you for fighting for Oregonians - we need you!
This is a referendum on Trump's policies. Keep saying that. It's a referendum on Trump. Shout it from the mountaintop. It's working great !!
Guess this is the new talking point for Dems, pretty soon you'll run out. I'm a woman & I don't buy the garbage you're spouting!
Keep speaking and fighting for women's (etal) rights
Because Republiguys are too afraid to debate with #StrongWomen ... I'll just let this sit here.
Yep!
See... GOP is not pro women or pro American. This is unacceptable that this is being done in secret. It's unAmerican!
Is that all you have, you old has-been? The sooner you retire, the sooner America will heal. The division you sow is reprehensible. Shame.
How's trickle down economics working out for you? Got that reacharound yet?
Per my provider it was the Republicans that caused my loss of Healthcare today in Indiana
You say you haven't seen it, haven't debated it yet you can stand there and denigrate it. That's the Dem way it's Trump lets odstruct. SAD.
Liar.  You've tweeted hundreds of times that you've never seen it.
plain&simple greed no matter what or who they hurt.
@SenateDems it's called Karma. 
The is no such thing as trumpcare. It is a fact you voted for the failed #ACA
Republican Women should be ashamed of them selves! And if they have daughters, they should be ashamed of their mothers! Shame!!!
Dems are done
Why do people keep this up #demsdontgetit
Man you guys sure know a lot for not being able to see the bill yet
Thank you, senator, for representing us.
Seriously? 
Thank you 4 standing up 4 people needing help in our country, We r  strong when we help weak/poor/afflicted. U never know when it will be U
Also takes Medicaid from severely autistic kids like Ashton who need it to pay for expensive meds, antipsychotics and more. He needs them!
That's a broad statement.  Any specifics?
Thank you Ron Wyden for your representation of the citizens.
HI DEMS UR MEMORY IS SLIPPING.NANCY PELOSI DID THE EXACT SAME THING ON OBAMACARESO STOP UR BIT**ING!!GODBLESSAMERICA@PDRBT#SUZIQ
Thut up! Thtupid lieth that you tell are dithpicable.
Asking people to pay for their own BC when it only costs $7 is not an attack on women's healthcare. Try again.
And no women are actually allowed to contribute to writing the bill either. Offensive!
#Trumpcare is shameful in both process & substance!
Did it bother you in 2009?
wasnt this guy on Curb Your Enthusiasm?
Smug @SenateGOP
Ron is an embarrassment to Oregonians. #Oregon #AmericaFirst
You're an embarrassment @bob..
Sometimes. Thanks

