#Gorsuch is a practitioner of secret law & favors corporations & the government over individual rights. Unacceptable for SCOTUS nominee.
My full statement on why I cannot support #Gorsuch
thank you 
thank you.
Bad idea; slippery slope from which Dems will never recover!  Time to forget about GM & move on; NG is most moderate that will be nominated.
THANK YOU
Thank you.
thank you. Gorsuch has shown in the pass to only do half a job on his rulings.
didn't you vote yes to confirm him for Appellate Court? Has he changed, or has the person who nominated him? #petty #partisainship
Thank you Senator Wyden .
Bad move.
Please be a Mark Hatfield and vote yes for Judge Gorsuch as SCOTUS.
It's almost like you Ds got together and planned unified opposition. Sad. He's qualified and you all know it. 4 the record, so was Garland.
@TeddyDavisCNN thank you! I am proud to have you represent me!
Thank you. Wisdom in action
thank you!
Thank you for your work.
Good job!  That seat is stolen. No SCJ nominees until we get to the bottom of Drumpf and Russia. It may well take the full term. Sobeit!
He appears to be fair and honorable.  You base your vote on what?.
WILDMAN WYDEN! @RonWyden you rock!
thank you from Bend, Oregon!
Thank you! Let us know if we can send food during the filibuster!
Thank you....keep up the good work you are doing!!
What's wrong with you?  This is about the country.
thank you.
thank you!  Your tweet saves me calling your office to urge this!
thank you Senator Wyden!!
thank you!!!! Also, keep fighting for health care for all!!!!
Thanks for standing up to the occupiers of the White House!
thanks, Senator Wyden!! All the Dems need to follow your lead.
YES to filibuster and thank you. It's the stolen Garland Memorial #SCOTUS seat.
Thank you Senator Wyden for standing up for Oregon and America.
Opposing suicide and making note of a bill that opens up the opportunity for legal torture makes him a secret law supporter?
good luck with that
Thank you Senator Wyden for trying to maintain what is left of our national dignity.
@hazy_violette so after crying about obstruction for the last 8 years it's now in style? Good to know. All of you should be fired
Thank you Senator!
I agree. Thank you. Heritage Foundation/Mercer/Bannon continue to promote the worst of the worst.
thank you, stay strong! 
Thank you!
Three cheers to someone who's keeping his eye on the ball. Thanks!
thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you. Hope many follow your example.
thk u
thank you!! This corrupt admin shouldn't get any chance to steal this seat
- glad I'm not longer a democratic voter & proud of my many friends & family that have changed recently because of leadership
Yes! Thank you, Senator @RonWyden !
@JillBidenVeep Thank you for standing so tall for our Democracy#TheResistance
Won't make any difference. You are irrelevant
OBSTRUCTIONIST!  You are there to get things done no matter how long it takes!
strong work, keep it up!
thank you
obstructionist pig, not serving democracy not serving our republic - shame on you.
Thank you.
#StupidOnPurpose senators rush in where fools fear to tread, #TermLimits
thank you Senator
@MrDane1982 good man!
Thank you, Senator!
thank you! #FilibusterGorsuch
grateful to have you as our senator!
Gorsuch deserves at least as much consideration as Garland received.

Also, abso-frickin-lutely NONE AT ALL.
lol. agreed. none
Thank you Senator Wyden.
Possible outcome: Gorsuch will not be approved, Senate will go into a legitimate recess and Tr*mp will make a recess appointment.
THANK YOU!!
i love nuclear option. Thanks dingy harry reid.
Thank you!!!
Grateful to have you as my senator.
thank you senator  I  only wish you would pause all business due to this fraud being perpetrated on America
Thank you for standing up for Oregon and America against; whatever trump calls this new reality.
thank you for standing up for the American People! Thank you from the bottom of my heart!
Make a legal challenge for Obamas right to appoint. This is THEFT of SCOTUS by the GOP
and you rock for doing so! 
Thank you, Senator!
thank you for everything you do for your state and for America.
Thank you!
That is very partisan of you.
@jennybent Ron you are part of why me doctor wife and CEO self are trying to move to Oregon. Keep at it.
thank you. Keep fighting
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you @RonWyden for standing up for Oregon and the rest of this country
Thank you @RonWyden https://twitter.com/RonWyden/status/845068634707910661 …
Thank you. That is the right thing to do. #StopGorsuch #TrumpRussia
@sconestextmrder Thank you, Ron.
Thank you.
@AndyTowle Thank you!
And Republicans will break the filibuster by changing the rule to simple majority. Obstruction has a cost, get ready to pay it.
More qualified than, at least, the last two nominees to win approval. But...for Ron Wyden it's a NO.
then I guess you won't be needing my vote the next time your name comes up..
Thank you!
thank you.
THANK YOU SENATOR 
thank you, Senator!
thank you! A litmus test for any nominee at this point should be if they insist on #Garland getting a hearing first.
Thank you!
Thank you thank you! I just called your office to urge the same two things before I saw this. You truly represent the people of OR
What a fool!
Thank you!
Thank you!
you better vote NO!!! For Oregon
Thank you.
@quartzcity thank you
thank you.  Much appreciated.  This seat cannot be filled until Trump is behind bars
Thank you! This is too important to allow to proceed as normal.
Thank you!
Thank you so much,you have represented our great state of Oregon so well.
I think you should not filibuster.  What the Repubs did was wrong but we need 9 justices and he could pick worse
Thank you!
THANK YOU, SIR!
Thank you!
You better.
Thank you for your clarity.

thank you, Senator.
Thank you!  
Thank you,  you have my full support!
Thank you Senator Wyden!
@Tshetaar2017 
THANK YOU.
#termlimits
Thank you
@AndyPotts20 Thank you, Sir.
thank you!!
Thank you! There are many reasons but foremost should be NO votes for SCOTUS while the POTUS who nominated is under investigation
Thank you Sen.Wyden.
surprise surprise
rocks the planet, thank you! 
@ryanbeckwith THank you
NO on all things @realDonaldTrump until #IndependentCommission assigned to #Trumprussia
@lockwoodsch Thank you, Senator Wyden.
Thank you. #NoGorsuch
You sure changed you attitude since 2006.  His confirmation to the 10 Circuit Court in 2006 was unanimous.
But no surprise.  You're a loser.
thank you.
figures you and @SenJeffMerkley  and the rest of Oregon delegation should just stay home for four years and forfeit our taxes
Thank you
Thank you, sir! @RonWyden
Keep it up, Ron.
Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for us.
Thank you !
Thank You!
Thank you.

cc: @SenateDems ALL of you should vote NO & vote to sustain a filibuster! Stolen seat. DT looks like he's illegitimate
@aterkel Thank you Senator
thank you
thank you!!!
On behalf of America, THANK YOU.  
Thank you Senator Wyden for truly representing the interests of your constituents.
Thank you
Thank you sir!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator - just saved your office a phone call from this constituent asking you to do just that!
can @GOP senators change rules to void cloture and make vote based on 51%?
Thank you!
tell Merkley to do the same. They cannot steal a scotus seat w/o consequences
Thank you.
thank you!
Thank you! Don't doubt yourself for a minute. The @Potus is not legitimate. #stopgorsuch
Thank you so much, Senator.  I'm proud to have voted for you.
@New_Colossus_ Thank you!
Love knowing my senator has our backs! Thank you
@JillBidenVeep yay
thank you, senator!
Thank you, this is a stolen seat, period. What the GOP did to Merrick Garland was shameful and a dereliction of duty.
thank you!
read your statement.  Thank you senator

thank you!
Yesssss!!
EVERY Democrat must filibuster. No illegitimate presidents appointing judges to stolen SCOTUS seats. Fight back.
Thank You! 
We stand with you!
.@RonWyden Thank you. Please don't give the unhinged wannabe dictator any *more* power.
Thanks, Senator!  Crucial for our democracy!
@cmoorepdx Thank you!
Thank you!
- idiot
it's senators like u who need to be voted out. U just make yourselves look petty.
@ny_indivisible thank you!
Thank you, Senator Wyden!
@WydenPress thank you for looking after America and Americans. No gorsuch, no more trump appointments till taxes & investigation
lol...sure.
when the man nominating Gorsuch is under FBI investigation for possible TREASON?! Can't believe this is constitutional.
thank you!  I've never been prouder to have you as my senator.
don't let the man who thinks your employer has the right to kill you sit on the supreme court.
Senator Wyden,
Thank you. Merrick Garland needs his hearing first. And Gorsuch is wrong. 
Regards,
An Oregon Constituent
Thank you, Senator!!!!!!! 
Thank you for having the back of Oregonians and people everywhere!
Fight fight fight!
