@WaysMeansCmte Neither can YOU.  Tax'n of ppl that do NOT live in US & #FATCA war on expats is disgusting. http://cnnmon.ie/2gDe0kZ 
Ron, what gives you the right to be so pompeous and rude
Thank you for asking the tough questions today.
It hasn't crossed his mind that his job is to help the American people. The only thing that's on any of their minds is $$$$$.
You go to be kidding me it's adult time when do you start representing all and not just the few! What a disgraceful display today!
he isn't qualified! #Mnuchin is a horrible choice!
He only knows how to help himself and coffers. What he did at One West was reprehensible & deplorable.
@ChristineStins6 it is getting worse and worse.
For people who have such high IQs they are not very smart when it comes to their new jobs.
Give him 20 years and I think most anyone could figure it out except you.
does he know there are other people?
From Bend Oregon... you are an embarrassment to Oregon. Need a Valium?
Please show you're an American first and a liberal second. We all need a peaceful transition. My family related to Lincoln. PLEASE
just say no to this criminal!
It was striking how much he would not say, but when he did, you complained how little time you have for his remarks.  UR a fraud.
You were awesome questioning evil henchmen #Mnuchin , Ron!!! Thank you!
No dumbass, you've had no job and are jealous of real men who have. Now stfu, your time is up. Take your Valium, your anger and run to moma!
You are showing everyone your time is done. The constituents you represent is getting smaller. Your job is represent ALL of Oregon
He does represent the people of OR. #notmypresident
Not all of them!
I thought all 3 were bozos. The finance guy was stuttering AND LYING! Keep him away from our money please, Ron! Thank you!
keep up the heat! Good job!
okay ron #FANNIEGATE
I have watched 4 hours of the confirmation hearing. Give him a break; He appears to be very highly qualified.
Same Committee confirmed Geitner as Treas Sec despite IRS finding he didn't include his salary on his income taxes for 4 years?
Thanks for holding Mnuchin accountable - keep fighting!
Proud of your work in confirmation hearing and proud you're our senator.  Keep a strong voice for justice.
#Mnuchin, He sure is no Alexander Hamilton!  Good job today Ron
@Lawrence because he doesn't want to help the American people. Please boycott the inauguration, Sen Wyden!
please work with the President's cabinet picks and stop behaving badly like the other Democrats.  Very disappointed in you.
The goto answer 4not knowing or wanting 2answer 4all the cabinet picks must be "I'd be willing to sit down,so we can work together on this"
these bastards have probably lied there whole adult lives,his cabinet picks r bottom of the barrel just like Trump
And what's your fellow Democrat's excuse for his actions?
1) Why aren't these nominees preparing? 2) Because he has zero interest in helping the American people.
He doesn't have crystal ball. Specifics handled as they come. I'm a patriot and love my country. I want to be proud of my rep.
You were GREAT today! @SenPatRoberts might want to lay off the valium himself (AND quit offering prescription meds around)
you make me proud!!!
Great job - thank you. 
Mnuchin shouldn't be treasury secretary.

What's going on with the vetting of these nominees?
pleasure watch you perform duties at the Sen.Hearings. Tell person who offered Valium, it's a crime to dole out prescription drugs
never seen a bigger jerk than you. The American people would love to see what you've accomplished. Probably not much.
You were terrific. He's a criminal.
take a pill and crawl into your safe space.God what a whiney little girl you are!
You were an over the top, rude partisan today.
Yes, please confirm him quickly!!
Thank you for continuing to fight for Oregonians & all Americans.
@Lawrence that's because you can't effectively help people when U R bending them over a Leopard Skin Hassock &SayingTakeItLikeAMan
@Lawrence is that a requirement for this bunch?!
Believe me if you know anything @mnuchin knows 1,000,000 times more.  @RonWyden
@Lawrence That is a false statement & it doesn't resonate: you are obtuse & jaundice in your thinking
Your nasty snarky attitude toward Mnuchin has convinced me to NEVER vote for you again. Many others will feel the same!
You sound like one of Maddow's "angry white men" who needs some Valium...and a moral compass. Elections Have Consequences!
- Please vote no on his confirmation.  He does not have the American people's best interests at heart or mind.
@Lawrence Is it a Shame or a SHAM.  Or maybe both?
@Lawrence amazing
And you've been there years and haven't done shit except give things away. He will be confirmed - just take another valium!!!
: The true American people didn't vote for Dems, get real!
: You do need to take a chill pill. Dems lost, get over it.  As an Oregon voter I look forward to 2020 & 2022.
@Lawrence Looks like the end is near! Pres Obama can you be our savior? @POTUS @BarackObama @WhiteHouse
Which 3 GOP Senators are you going to convince to VOTE NO on unqualified #CabinetNominees? #WeNeedThreeGOP
@Lawrence He's just like his potential boss & the other nominees ... clueless!
Why is it so easy for Sen. Pat Roberts not to care about people? Cause he's roaming around with a pocket full of Valium.
@Lawrence he already helped foreclose homes on the American people Lock Trump Up and the alligators of his cabinet
Which 3 GOP Senators are you going to convince to VOTE NO? #WeNeedThreeGOP
@sunnynika04 On the lighter side: Do ya THINK this guy got called "Munchkin" in middle school ? Maybe that explains everything. 
Watched the Mnuchin hearing on CSPAN, props to you for watching the backs of the American people. 
Questions are hard, Senator...really really hard
@Lawrence Helping the American people? Bwahahaha.
Guess he took one too many of his Comrades valiums
Bravo for your strong leadership in this hearing, Senator Wyden!!  NO on Mnuchin.  #TheMnuchinRule
When are you guys going to deep 6 the fed reserve.  Many would be on your side your not alone
thank you for your service
You should vet your staffers
http://www.centerforsecuritypolicy.org/2004/03/11/ex-wyden-staffer-arrested-as-iraqi-spy-2/ …
Thank Senator Wyden!! Please keep fighting for us!
@Lawrence Because they don't give a damn.
this position he has accepted is about his ego - non answer regarding Medicare was telling and scary
Widen represents me. #notmypresident.
*Wyden*
@Lawrence Thats perfect bc Trump can't answer any ?'s bc he has no clue as well.
@Lawrence Donuld Trump Will bring much more problem to this world this psych président can not America great again
thank you for pushing him & asking the questions for the majority of American people.
This makes me feel so secure!  Thinking of putting dollars between mattress and box spring in 1, 2, 3....
@Lawrence why is this surprising.. None of them know anything about the positions they're being put forward for #UNBELIEVABLE
How could you expect less from a man who stole millions from people during the height of the recession
@Lawrence n still gettin ate up Sen. Claire McCaskill isnt playin
@Lawrence I heard he knows a thing or two about the Cayman Islands though. He could help there.
He most certainly answered your questions, but you ask them, trying to trap him, and he did not fall for it! Sour grapes.
because he has no interest in serving or protecting the American people?
@Lawrence that's cause he's a crook and only cares about the money he can make
Because he cares not for the American people, but for oligarchs like himself....we are screwed
Because he doesn't care about the American people
@Lawrence they don't train you to help people at Goldman Sachs.
are you getting paid a bounty to head hunt?
#Mnuchin Please vote No on his confirmation.
The hearings for every candidate have exposed or confirmed incompetence, racism, & corruption.
and sexism. I'm so sick of these bastards already.
me too.
Saw that exchange between you & Sen.Roberts. I have a sense of humor but the hearings are no laughing matter. Keep on pitching.
Senator, I applaud your efforts during the hearings and disavow the disrespect aimed at you by Roberts. He IS setting a tone.#NO
<< you couldn’t answer questions on how you demoncraps and Barry ruined this beautiful country. #MAGA #youarefired
Great that you are now finally paying attention to the foreclosure fraud that you didn't pay attention to for six years
and yet he'll likely be confirmed #disgraceful
He's got lots of money. Don't be so rude.
please keep fighting for us!!
Don't allow confirmation!
More proof the GOP doesn't have a Plan for anything. GOP got nuthing' but 1%ers with BIG Ethics Questions. When do we heal,Unite?
Then he simply shouldn't be confirmed.  You've done your job, by asking the questions.  Congress must now decline to confirm him.
btw, it is illegal for Sen Roberts to offer you an un-perscribed Sched I drug like vallium. Pls call @DEAHQ
thank you for doing your job and challenging these nominees.
Did you ask Roberts why he's carrying Valium at confirmation hearings? Tell him we understand, we feel like we need them too. 
Thank you for your tireless efforts to expose how woefully unqualified these nominees are.
But he'll still be SecTreas, won't he?
calm down. Take a Valium
#FakeComment
Deprogramming refers to a person in a controversial belief system to change those beliefs and abandon allegiance to the cult.
- Thank You for getting answers on behalf the American people.
