You need to recuse yourself from being a senator after voting to confirm Zinke.
Guess you forgot about this...
Get over it @RonWyden #PresidentTrump won. #SoreLoser
Yes, I believe you @RonWyden Should recuse yourself from any adult conversation. Schumer Puppet
#Schumer Has selective memory. Must be dementia
Your constant whining on everything republicans say/do is becoming nauseating. Your time is past. Grow up
where was you objection to lynch and Clinton
Does the Acting AG now have the power to appoint a special prosecutor to oversee investigation of the election?
did lynch and Clinton have the power
bare minimum is he resigns. Justice is if he is investigated for perjury.
I totally agree
No, Sessions needs to be removed AND we need a Special Counsel
You're full of it "US Senate calls on British spy Christopher Steele to give ..." http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/donald-trump-russia-christopher-steele-dossier-us-senate-intelligence-hotel-british-spy-mi6-evidence-a7608456.html … #peegate
I thought you were worried about wasting money.
she lost get over it. youre not getting a recusal. or an impeachment or a recount. or anything. now work for your ppl not ur party
Yes. Thank you for working to maintain democracy.
where was Ronnie when Clapper and Holder perjured themselves multiple times? Come on, Silent Ronnie...
It'll come; just keep pushing.

A good day to remind everyone that AG Eric Holder ran guns to Mexico, lied to Congress about it, was found in contempt & never prosecuted.
Nullify the illegitimate election and imprison all conspirators and collaborators.
Six weeks with a VA issue and no response. Do you care about your constituents? Evan, try leaving a phone number next time, that would help.
time to start sedition investigation of dnc.
You didn't blink when Loretta Lynch met Bill on the tarmac while Hillary was under investigation! Hypocrisy 
if perjury prosecute him. Dont forget to prosecute James Clapper too its been 7 yrs waiting for statuate of limitations to expire?
please keep after this and have a full investigation. Our democracy depends on it!
he needs to resign. How can he be trusted to enforce the laws he flouts.
Calm down. It's not like he had coffee and donuts with Putin.
. @RonWyden so sorry to see you inciting your mobs with demagoguery. so sorry. so sad. [ mute prayer for america.]
You are a voice in the dark world of fake news. You should do the state of Oregon a favor and resign.
the only one that should consider anything is you "Resign" #Oregonians for Recall of Ron Wyden
hey Ron. Hows not living here going?
Thank you. Also, someone needs to explain why Dana Boente got pushed up to be next in line in a secretive EO at Sessions swear-in
Thank you!! (from an Oregonian)
I agree, lets get a special counsel on that email scandal!
I'm sure you showed this much concern when Obama had those with ties to the Muslim brotherhood at the White House in 2015 right?
Or, how about when Hillary made a deal to sell Uranium to Russia?
keep pushing! I'm behind you!
Imagine what you could accomplish if you spent your efforts on something constructive for a change
whAT DOES RECUSAL MEAN?
You should work on issues that would help Oregonians, especially those on the east side.
Hey Wyden...Explain this..
Russian Ambassador Kislyak Attended Trump Congressional Speech Tuesday – Sat With Democrats...UH OHHH
Yes! Thank you Senator for standing with us. Country over party. Our very democratic institutions are at stake. #firesessions
Fuck Wyden
.@RonWyden  Please keep fighting for a full, impartial investigation.
resignation and jail time, lock him up
stop gouging and start governing, working across on the isle on Oregon issues.
@JW4Hillary Indict Jefferson Beauregard Nathan Bedford Forrest Sessions. Indict the POS yesterday, then apologize to CSKing!
please work across the isle like Mark Hatfield
you are so right. Liars have no place in law enforcement
@SenatorLeahy Pls ensure this happens. We're losing confidence that fairness will prevail w DT in White House.
Why are you not asking or demanding resignation?  This man lied under oath?
Why isn't Sessions being prosecuted for perjury?
your silence on all the scandals during obama adminstration is very telling. You are part of the problem Ron.
The Democrat Clown Show continues their Death Spiral into Oblivion with 
Oregon's Morons like Ron Wyden, Jeff Merkley and DeFazio
thank you for taking a strong stance on this issue!
Yes. Bring it on!
thank you!
he needs to resign. I left your staffer a message ;) thx Sen Wyden!
1.Recusal
2.Resignation
3.Special investigation
4.Perjury prosecution
5.Depositions
6.Lies unravel
Sessions must resign or be investigated himself. Lie to Congress. Felony. Jail. Yes, independent prosecutor chosen by Rs and Ds.
yes, push for it.
Recusal and Special Counsel not enough. Resignation at the bare minimum! Russia hacked our election! Trumps Crew!
.@RonWyden EXACTLY.
you know it's a waist of time and money. Obama administration already looked into it as if you forgot?
SENATOR DIANE FEINSTEIN, Congressional Quarterly News,9/10/13: "I had lunch yesterday with the Russian ambassador." HYPOCRITE
agreed
Sessions recuse?He got caught.The equivalent of never getting traffic fine because you apologize each traffic stop
Agreed. He only recused because he was forced 2. He needs 2 resign. Period.
@ruckawriter You need to publicly ask Jeff Sessions to resign.
and ... Sessions must resign!
we cannot have a perjurer as the nation's top law enforcer. Absolutely unacceptable.  He needs to be removed #Sessions #corruption
Please get to work for our country & Oregon You are really getting old & so is bottom fishing
you are a liar! You don't work for Or, people you work for your party !
Sessions prejured himself- He can not lead the DOJ
you quit-We'll replace u OR was the first state in 1908 to elect US Senators. 109 yrs later we have u who lives in NY not progress
Sessions was very serious about perjury when it came to lying about sex. Should be more so for perjury about Russia.  Needs to go.
Yes, Senator Wyden, THANK YOU! If he indeed lied, his resignation is what's needed.
He should have resigned..... @realDonaldTrump  what happen to your total confidence in #SessionsResignNOW
Thank you!
you're right on Senator!
special prosecutor look at IRS scandal, Hillary's private server... Benghazi...Where the $1 trillion stimulus went...
he can speak to ppl in russia at any time he fucking wants ffs! He said he did not speak about election
As soon as Special Counsel for Benghazi, Fast and Furious, Lynch meeting with Bill Clinton etc. etc.
We need more than a special counsel. We need #sessions and the rest gone. It's a tall order. I hope you'll work hard to that goal.
Sessions should resign as he lied during his confirmation hearing!  Keep pushing for the Independent prosecutor.  We need truth!
resignation is the answer. Jail should be the ultimate goal.
We support you in moving forward with this. Thank you!
Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones. Remember your tour in Vietnam?  lol
Thank you! Recusal is not "GOP pressure." Pressure is indictment. Resignation is a compromise. #SessionsRussia

You're making a fool of yourself, Ron. You always used to stand for common sense against the establishment.
the people want ACTION on this, we want PRESS CONFERENCES, we want to SEE YOU FIGHTING THIS @SenJeffMerkley @repblumenauer
The fact you would so easily smear a colleague for political gain says far more about you than Sessions. 
@WydenPress
really?  "Smearing" a person is peanuts compared to lying under oath.
We dont trust Sessions to not try to influence Dep AG. Independent counsel needed (Sally Yates?!)
US Senators and their Families should reside in the state they represent. Maybe your wife could trade Strands for Powell's #ORorNY
keep whining, you know your job is safe here in The People's Republic of Oregon. Some of us know how self-righteous you are.
Thank you! Finally an unwashed Oregonian. The state legislature is broken and run by hacks. #draintheswamp
yes.  At the least
resignation & prosecution. the dems need to stand up/show leadership. You've been beat up. Now is your chance. this is a softball
He needs to resign immediately
Given Kushner meeting with Russians... He needs to resign...recusal from campaign investigation not enough
YES Comey will never give up the goods as long as Nunes, Burr and others tainted are on these committees.
Why would an ethical person need meetings to decide to recuse themselves?  Should have been automatic and not forced.
Keep fighting, Sir. Keep holding them accountable.
Add Jared Kushner the son in law. He met with Sergio Kislyak the ambassador/Russian spy in December at Trump Tower.
