SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
It isn't unconstitutional though. Liberals are fools. This is why you lost so bad. Wyden needs to go.
stop recruiting for ISIS with your #muslimban
what a moronic thing to say
savage.
Section 4, Article 4
Read the constitution sometime.
Referring to Prez powers while Congress is not in session?
Democrats actually think it is a GREAT IDEA to allow unvetted fighting age men from terrorist nations into America.  #smh
do fighting age men make you hot? is that why you want them kept away? to tempting?
You beta males need to stop whining and crying. Trump IS your president, so suck it up. lol
But for how many more days?
@joegal @FBIPortland @POTUS @VP @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @brandondarby @oreillyfactor @CBNOnline @TBN @MuslimElders @therock
@piersmorgan @BBC @HuffpoUK @brandondarby @oreillyfactor @CBNOnline @CNN @CBS @Reuters @UPI  @TBN @MuslimElders @TheRock
Thank you Senator. Please use all available tools  to block rest of nominees. & no cooperation on ANYTHING til Bannon is off NSC!
If it’s a “Muslim ban” then why are Muslims from other countries allowed in? Your argument is weak outside a leftist court.
It was a unanimous decision, including judge appointed by W. same as Robarts - W appointee. Rule of law.
85% of 9th Circuit’s rulings are overturned by other courts. It’s an activist court. Not one of law.
In 2015 12,000 cases filed in 9th circuit 11 heard by Supremes. 8 overturned There's your 85% Not so impressive
you must be kidding, right?  And 'smart' people elected you?
you are so wrong mr. Wyden you are showing your disdain for the Constitution of the United States of America.
100% Muslim Ban....sad!
Thank you Ron Wyden! It's such an honor (and massive relief) to have you representing Oregon.
thank you for representing us and doing your job!
@1190KEX .  Why you think this way is beyond belief.   Vetting.  To keep America safer. Geeesh
That's it in a nutshell
thank you mr wyden
@POTUS will win at Supreme Crt. Why no outrage when Obama did similar? Your time is up in Congress. #cleantheswamp #MAGA
#proudtobeaOregonian
@RedwoodGirl He knows it's unconstitutional. He's just trying to keep your eyes off Russia.
It is a country ban not a muslim ban jackwagon! This is needed until we have a true vetting process. #getout
what is the current vetting process & how wud "true vetting" be different?
We are not using any process. That is the problem. We need people that want to be here and succeed. Not destroy us.
You party hack! I voted for you because I thought you were a defender of the Constitution. Big mistake on my part.
is irrational and why do you and the @AGOWA want unvetted fighting age men from terrorist nations in the northwest?
go hug a tree.
they can camp at ur house
Czech president warns Muslim migrants created dangerous 'no go zones' as many fail to integrate into Western society http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/751868/Mulims-integrate-society-no-go-zones-Milos-Zeman-Czech-Republic-migrant-crisis … 
@realDonaldTrump LISTEN TO US DONALD you are becoming more disliked with each tweet. do you like being the fall guy for the GOP?
we all need to send our thanks to the 3 judges. How would be best?
Did you even read his executive order? The problem with you liberals is your going to get us all killed

Islam poses an existential threat to freedom and liberty that you are apparently oblivious to.
shaaaaaade
ban on countries where there are no Trump investments.
I worry it's a red herring too.
from the same party that locked up Japanese Americans.
@KMTR. It will end up in the SCOTUS and Trump will win and there will be more riots because Dems. will keep repeating this lie.
with every partisan statement you embarrass yourself and your state. Inept and  #StupidOnPurpose
Don't push him or he'll post only in all caps. The nation will be forced into lowercase to deal with cap shortage.
federal judges are not kings, democrat party supports monarchy of lawyers as kings instead of democratic republic.
Let Trump make a fool of himself on Twitter. Be above the juvenile twitter posts back at him. Get both sides to remove him!
. @RonWyden you are inciting violence by your choice of words, the same as @NPR, and it is shameless of you. "Countries of Concern"=accuracy
stand strong.  They will hear us now!
did someone pay you to say that? Is $1 worth more than the citizens?? Take the blinders off. What happened to common sense?
there is a reason it was set up for the 9th circus. You liberals are so tired and out of touch.
love you Ron. Love from the Lynn family. Ignore the trolls! Faithful Oregon voter.
@KVALnews please explain how makes us LESS SAFE
@portlandmercury Speaking this kind of honesty out loud is so essential right now I could cry. Glad you're my Senator.
it's legal that's why you or your leftist no nothings cant give proof,that's it's not illegal.
the 9th Circuit court's decision will be over turned; it is 80% of the time - #clueless #ronwyden #libtard  #orPol #travelban
Thank you for fighting for us! #TheResistance
wasnt a muslim ban, but i agree was illegal
give @realDonaldTrump some cookies and milk and let him have a nap, I'm sure he'll be a little more tolerable.
@realDonaldTrump  and bombing the shit out of them like Obama did will keep us safe right?
Keep at it, Senator Wyden!!!  We love you.
Love you, Keep fighting for us!
In this case, the problem is not the case (Art 1, Sec 8, 1182.f) but the court. POLITICAL decision. Time to break the 9th Circuit.
sadly we're trying to convince someone who can't admit fault. He needs someone to blame at this point so he can move on.
this from someone who obviously didnt see his state go almost completely red- how about freeing the Hammonds instead of refugess!
@KVALnews it's not a Muslim ban. 95%of the world s Muslims could still get in. I hate that pdx and Eug make Oregon blue.
Keep on trucken!!!!!!!!
It is in NO way a Muslim ban. Come on Ron, you are smarter than that. ~85% Muslims unaffected.
@portlandmercury keep it up
Now about that Russia election hacking thing.......
very proud of my senator. Thank you
I am definitely getting more involved in politics now.  Tired of your crap
Trumpitatwit tweeted twice that it was a ban. He's too stupid to be a realtor.
@MissJupiter1957 Nobody addresses human devastation of refugees passed vetting & now have to start over.
Amen.
Keep up the work @RonWyden -- I appreciate everything you are doing for OR and our nation. #Oregon #resist
@realDonaldTrump Yes it is because you are president. Step down and we will be in much less danger.
You tell him Mr. Wyden!
Trump is the biggest threat to the security of our nation. There are a dozen common sense reasons the ban makes no sense.
ha ha ha ha ha. Oh my you have got some growing up to do
amen sir
@KMTR he's a fear monger! Keep fighting for us!
Yes!!!!
You misspelled “two leftist courts”. People wanting to travel here, non citizens, are not afforded constitutional protection.
Thank YOU for standing with us!! Oregon is so proud. 
no Oregon is not. Stop trying to speak for all of us
Mr. Wyden, Christian privilege accented by TRUMP means automatic Muslims discrimination. It's unconstitutional. Any measures?
The 9th circuit is a kangaroo court and everyone knows it.  What is not to expect here.....
checks and balances FTW ;)
dems want to finish obummers plot to FUNDAMENTALLY TRANSFORM our country to a communist sharia law hell hole.
So glad the people won this one! Good job on your hard work!
@realdonaldtrump bad exec order written incoherently endangers us more. Don't blame the court
Get em Rob!!
thank you senator for standing up to trump and his outrageous behavior. #wyden, #stopthecoup
well when Americans are murdered by ISIS we know that communist dems wanted it that way. 9th circut most overturned
#truth
only with liberal progressive ideology that is NOT making us safe
No trump not our safety, just your hatred, bigotry & determination to rule the world.
I've called your office a few times and greatly appreciate the backbone. #resist
yesss! go Wden! Proud of my senator!
.@RonWyden And is immoral to boot. 'Send us your tired...' we are still that nation despite your best efforts DJT.
huge numbers of immigrants were turned away from ellis island if there was ANY concerns.
Bannon supposedly wrote the EO we are in real danger
dream on
pow
