@SenJeffMerkley Please sponsor a Senate resolution in opposition to Trump's executive order on immigration #NoBanNoWall
more hypocrisy from my Oregon Senator. We're u fighting when Obama banned Muslims from entering the US?
THANK YOU for your courage. You too @SenJeffMerkley. Keep fighting. We Oregonians are proud. #resist
non-events...the voting public will forget these minor protests in 2 weeks!!  Hahah. #morons
thank you for standing up for what is right.
.@RonWyden Do not aid & abet the @GOP in this horrific xenophobia. Block everything. #resist #obstruct #indivisible
@OregonGovBrown @SenJeffMerkley~
This is your FAULT! Prosecute the Person who Assaulted #TrumpSupporter!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf008xA1x1Q …
~Hmmnn? Vids of everything? BUT NO VIDS of unconscious Preacher touching/assaulting/hitting anyone? Questionable accusations? :-\
With everything you have, please. I am ashamed of our country for allowing this.
Stand up to this! This is absolutely unacceptable and unconstitutional. An affront to our democracy.
#StopTheMadness
@WydenPress thank you for standing up and fighting.
thank you await to hear plans for the fight?  Impeachment?
fight all noms.stop normalizing trump and start impeachment
Thank you for taking a stand!
Thank you. What do you think of legislation affirming due process and access to a lawyer for green card holders at entry?
Bannon on the principals committee! Dir of national intell & Joint Chiefs of Staff out! HELP US!
all of our efforts opposing this and speaking out against this is useless unless you do everything you can to fight this
How far does he have to for there to be grounds for impeachment? #ImpeachDonaldTrump
America first, like it should be
You better Wyden. Democrats are becoming very upset by Democrats lackluster performance in Congress. Y'all grow a spine!
he's not one of the spineless ones. He's a good one.
LIKE I SAID BEFORE, RON-as an Oregonian, get OUT of Oregon go back to NYas 3rd silent Senator. We don't need or want u here!!
We are fighting for America's values, Cynthia, if you don't share those values, then leave.
thank you Mr Wyden. You will go down in history as one of the good guys.
fight this with all the passion you can summon. This matters.
This constituent thanks you for continuing to stand against this abhorrent inhumane nonsense. Keep fighting the good fight!
So sad. Is the prez above crimes against humanity? How is this possible in my country? Doesn't feel like my country anymore. :(
Thank you Ron!
@SenJeffMerkley please fight for our American values. We need you more than ever. Many families in Oregon affected by #MuslimBan
so who is 'behind' trump on this deportation chaos order?  where do our newly confirmed nat'l sec cabinet stand?
yeah for Trump!  the American People more than illegals! You need to stand down!
how can we help you fight this?
Get the rest of @TheDemocrats together and make a loud public statement in opposition. It looks/feels like you're doing nothing.
This has to be stopped. He's mentally unstable & were all paying the price. Get together and do something. Damage is being done.
Egypt & Saudi Arabia aren't banned b/c he has bus. partners there. We know he didn't really quit so this should be looked into.
fight hard!
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC DO SOMETHING!!!!! THIS IS GARBAGE
Please do not let this be what we stand for.
thank you! I may not be proud to be an American today but I'm proud to be an Oregonian.
you have our support Mr. Wyden.
How's it possible that what the Orange Fool has done is legal? It's not humane or going to make us (or the world) safer. Pls oust.
when will you sponsor a bill?
Thank you for being a real leader!
Thank you, Senator Wyden. Keep fighting!
@POTUS shoots America in the foot through dumbass policy, we are becoming targets of haters, needlessly.
with legislation. Make your colleagues take a stand.

Dems need to fight this with everything they have and get any Repubs with a spine to join. #NoBan #RefugeesWelcome
Amendment 25, Section 4. GET HIM OUT!
Thank you, Senator.  This is a national disgrace.
Thank you Senator. You too, @SenJeffMerkley . Resist.
How?  And when?  Eager to hear specifics from you and other Senate democrats.  Proud to have voted for you @RonWyden
It's too late. Russia handed Trump the Presidency to end Democracy. Together they'll attack China. Fast COUP in Progress.
so your fighting law enforcement?? u stand for lawlessness....ur party and u will lose even more political power
where were you when Obama banned Cuban refugees
TY so much for your unflagging work Senator. MUCH appreciated.
Senator Wyden, we are supporting you 100%!!
What will you do, specifically?
As an Oregonian, a centrist, and Jewish American, I ask you to fight this immoral ban with everything you have. Thank you.
http://thefederalist.com/2015/11/18/the-obama-administration-stopped-processing-iraq-refugee-requests-for-6-months-in-2011/ …  Remember this? Were you on the front line protesting this??
Thank you! Fight this, it is reprehensible. Where is ANY Republican outrage at this travesty?!
@POTUS is a Recruitment Tool & is Stoking Fear Around Globe

#JFKTerminal4 @RonWyden #JFKairport #MuslimBan #Resist https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-trump-immigration-ban-conflict-of-interest/ …
senator: I've never been more proud to be an Oregonian.
i'm sure you guys will sit down and talk about it, talk about it, talk about it, and do nothing but obstruct as usual
@WydenPress @nytimes We need legislation ASAP to overturn this unconstitutional and immoral #MuslimBan.

why didn't he ban Muslims from countries he does business with
Democrats need 2 grow a backbone Now,PERIOD!Callout Trump&Every GOP Congressman for letting him do whatever he wants!
Does Something.  #NATIONALDISGRACE
Please do fight this!
fight the good fight!!!
where was outrage when #FATCA + #FASTact + #CBTax had a similar effect on expats and esp. #AccidentalAmerican? Real victims. Real damage.
Please fight this. It's a disgrace to even think we considered it let alone actually banned people based on religion.
please fight this and anything the GOP and trump try to do. Do not normalize what they're doing
Please, we need the Dems to show their mettle. Shut down the government if you have to. The fascists don't play by any rules.
yes, please fight, Senator! We destabilized their region. We owe these innocent refugees a safe haven.
congress must act to stop Trump's impulsive, destructive acts.
fight for us and for justice. We need a way to remove this fascist from office
.@RonWyden With utmost respect, sir:  any day now.
Sen. Wyden, we are depending on you to stand up to everything this Admin. is doing right now. Constitution being torn!
Thank you, Senator, for this and you and staff being great about all the phone calls. Keep talking w colleagues, too, for support.
you've always worked well across aisle. Help rally 6 GOP senators to fight this as a congress majority. We need you.
This man is putting us in  danger  Oregon just deployed Company G (Golf), 1st Battalion, 189th Aviation Regiment this is serious
OK sir, then start. Get on TV. Be VISIBLE. Let us see leadership, resistance, and hope! We need to SEE it now. #resist
.@RonWyden Thank you for standing up for our First Amendment rights, Senator.
How does @realDonaldTrump think we get our Intelligence? Does he realize we need allies in the ME who trust the US?
It's not all hotel rooms with pinpoint cameras. We need individuals to share info; part of that is providing protection.
He is damaging our natl security, even if you put aside humanitarian responsibilities and our principles as a nation.
THANK YOU!
Thanks Senator for standing up against the tyranny of this president
So I guess those election investigations are toast, huh?
some of your fellow dems need to step up. Keep fighting.
We take immigrants not invaders!
Thank you, Senator Wyden!! PLEASE fight this!!
I would watch this....

Dylann Roof, Adam Lanza,Ted Kaczynski,Timothy McVeigh,James Eagan Holmes just a few TERRORIST ! Anyone is capable of being one
when and how? Details please
Yeah, fight to bring them in. France & Germany brought them in and they're doing fantastic. Hebdo, Bataclan, Truck etc..
Let's not forget the fringe benefits Muslims bring. Can't wait til this comes to US
Not 1 homeland terror attack was by ppl from the 7 banned countries.  Yet S. Arabia, Egypt, are not on list.  Something fishy.
AGREE 1000%. SAudi Arabia should be top of that list. Doesn't mean that just because they're not I want other nuts coming here.
This EO will not keep us safe and punishes innocent ppl.  Ppl who help the US.
We are punished too bec we have to live life w/new rules bec of terrorism coming from extremists of their religion.
Besides, it's temp, designed to figure out solution. Open gates THEN find solutions seems backwards to me.
Policy is based on irrational fear, goes against what this country stands for.  https://www.cato.org/blog/little-national-security-benefit-trumps-executive-order-immigration …
Thank you.
Thank you for taking a stand against this heinous example of fear and bigotry.
