Don't believe that is the reason. It's more like your being a Democrat.
Trumpublican mantra. Lie deny and blame Obama. Then talk about something unrelated. #traitortrump
Everything Trump does he learned from Obama. Obama blamed Bush for 6 years and lied all the time, most notably about Obamacare cutting $
Like doing what he campaigned on. Wait Obama didn't do that. Like reducing the debt by $100B, no Obama increased by $400B in two months.
He had to bail out the financial crisis caused Republicans. You're unbelievably stupid. #traitortrump
Yes, stupid with facts. Look at the role Barney Frank and Chris Dodd had in the housing crisis that was at the core of the financial crisis.
Calling names is all you have. Barney&Chris may have but they didn't steal like #ObamaDid
It was no not name calling it was a description.
How about the Susan Rice issue, are you going to start an investigation.
Trumpublican mantra. Lie deny and blame Obama. Then talk about something unrelated. #traitortrump
What that truth hurts!!!
Trumpublican mantra. Lie deny and blame Obama. Then talk about something unrelated. You dont even know what the truth is. Go back Fox.
I welcome a Russia investigation they just need to include McCain, Hillary, Podesta, and others that have known ties to Russia.
I listened to his entire shake down from all of you and not once did I hear what you claim! You're an embarrassment to my state! No more!
Is Oregon your state? And, you do not speak for all (or even many) of us.
Born and raised in Oregon, in fact generational - and yes I do speak for very many! Very many!
I meant in the possession way of it being yours
Yes- and you?
*live
No, actually you are against #Gorsuch For two reasons. Schumer told you to vote no and you are against the Rule of Law. Socialism Sucks
Many of this countries greatest ideas are socialist ideas-just saying. Oh and if Rule of Law was followed, Garland would have been confirmed
Go live in Venezuela then tell me you like socialism!
Oh Steph, that comment is rhetoric, not fact. Switch off Fox to gain facts. Venezuela is not a socialist country, just like here, >>>
there are State run programs but most of the country (almost 3/4) is private sector.
Hardly a socialist country.
He's also a plagiarist.
No. You do not represent Oregon. F U and Merkley. Look at the rest of your state...we do not support you!

#nuclear. Yep. 
Alleged Russian Puppets do not get to do important things in this country until all is exposed and cleared. Including showing his taxes!
Why? You let a racist muslim with a fake birth certificate rule the country for 8 years!!
Fake because you think he was Muslim?
You really don't understand: judges such as #Gorsuch are not for this party or against that. They are for the rule of law. They don't peek.
Never understand the disrespect u showed the judge!
but is he for upholding the constitution?  Just asking
"Saids"? Kansas City... wrong state Larry
don't we all have the same constitution?
Shame on you!  SC Justices are to uphold the Constitution not play the Democrat identity politics game.
really? where do you get this info?   sorry.....i think you are a hater........not him
You are so full of it, you partisan hack! Gorsuch is none of those things.
You're a no because you put party above the country. Libs don't want judges to rule on the law but rather prejudge and rule for little guy
#Wyden was elected by the people of his state to represent them, not the corporations #Gorsuch shills for from the bench. Moral not partisan
So the law never applies to corporations? They are always in the wrong?
Never said that... Said he's partial, supposed to be fair, supposed to be a judge. Not a shill...
Maybe you should check out his almost 3,000 decisions. E.g. Rocky Flats Nuclear Weapons Plant lawsuit and Orr v. the City of Albuquerque.
Thanks much... I shall.
Then why did you vote to confirm #gorsuch  in 2006?  What changed?
His rulings since then...
Remember when Rs did this to Obama's noms? NO he got his 2 extreme judicial activists appointed! Because Rs didnt play politics. Ds r JOKES!
Are you insane or just in denial? The republicans have been the opposition party for forever ... and his SCOTUS nom did not even get seen
McConnell obstructed that nom.  Repubs (during general) said they would fight any SCOTUS HRC put up if she won.  You can't rewrite history.
He applies laws as they are written. It's not anti- or pro-. It just is.
Liar
Thank you for your speech in Senate
You should read what people think of you. You have Zero respect of honest people. Think about that!
And you will be out of a job down the road
Please look in a mirror. You will see a 6 year old. It make me sick to see what you are doing have you no respect for the truth?
Thank you, Senator Wyden.
Believe he is against #Trump, period! # Wyden should resign the Senate!"@FoxNews @cnnbrk @washingtonpost @nytimes @6abc @latimes
All you did was assure Garland will NEVER BE appointed when the next seat becomes available. Dumb move
I highly doubt he's against women and workers and individual rights. You're putting putting propaganda out there.
IF #gorsuch doesn't have wisdom to #StepAsideGorsuch for the good of country & bc of #russiagate investigation, he won't have wisdom 4 job
Nope! You hate #Gorsuch because he is an #agent of #Jesus. PERIOD! God forbid, Neil won't butcher up #babies nor sanctify #sodomy. #Lie
Indiana voted overwelmingly to not allow same sex marriage and that didn't matter, other states also. Your reasoning is just talk
IS HE QUALIFIED?
stay strong on #NoGorsuch.
 Sen @RonWyden stance

@SenateMajLdr will you continue 100+ yrs of tradition &
NOT #BlowUpTheRules

#HoldTheSeat & keep #SCOTUS #bipartisan
Sounds like everyone in Trumps sphere
Thanks. Gorsuch is a retrograde thinker who will make life miserable for all but rich, white, Christian men.
Which is why you voted for him previously? P.S. I'm losing hair too - lose the combover - cut it all short to look better-it works
so in short "anti-Citizen".
Wow, U really are despicable and mean spirited. U claim that this man is against the people and our constitution?  U'r Fired!
From Western New York, Ron Wyden--thank you for taking a stand on Gorsuch. If it was a Dem nominee, GOP would be screaming about plagiarism
He is?  Can you show me where he's stated any of that?  You're a liar.
He’s qualified but then so was Merrick Garland.
We cannot appoint any Trump SCOTUS nominee until Russian involvement with Trump's camp is cleared up.
But you'll never clear it up- on purpose. That dog won't hunt.
Thank you!
Do you realize how ridiculous you sound? DEMS must really think people are stupid.
thank you
He wants to ban workers, women and individual rights????  Wow! I'll try and take you seriously but you are making it hard.
Thank you!
Thank you sir.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you! #NoGorsuch  #Trumprussia
Thank you, Senator Ron Wyden for your No On #Gorsuch. As an Oregonian I am proud that you and Senator Jeff Merkley represent Oregon.
I'm standing with you sir
and he's also a plagiarist.
Thank you!!
Proud of you Senator Wyden.  Thank you as a woman, a citizen and a Oregonian.
Thank you, Ron!!!

Nah. But tell yourself that if it helps you sleep sleep at night.
Not to mention the fact that the seat shouldn't even be open! Regardless of feelings re Gorsuch, no senator should endorse McConnell's acts.
Thank you!
Thank you!
That's just stupid. Making stuff up now.
Complete BS. You're pandering to your base.

Thanks, but what about a separate Republic of Cascadia? Any movement on that yet? I'm willing to accept some CA, but no Orange Co.
Thank you!
Any .@SenateDems who vote to confirm Gorsuch must be immediately expelled from the .@TheDemocrats & primaried without mercy.
Really, did you sit in on the hearings, read the case briefs and discuss your concerns. What are the true reasons?  Really come on #gorsuch
Oregon loves you, Ron! 
GO WYDEN!!!
You are voting out of spite and politics
Thank you Senator
But you voted FOR him last time...You hypocrite!!
Well done.  Thank you!
Thank you
You rock #proudoforegonsenators
More BS & Fake News
You had me at "no on Gorsuch"! #NoGorsuch
Never voting democrat again!
thank you.
Nuclear option. End of story. Supreme Court and the Constitution lose for the next 100 years
Omg we get one off the floor and another pay for play starts up
Just like a democrat. You lie.
Thank you
Thank you
You ROCK!  Thank you for doing thw right thing!
You are 'no' because you are a Democrat. And a lemming. Grouch is a good man who will not legislate from the bench. You suck.
*gorsuch lol
Multnomah County here.  Do you have a list of projects yet for Oregonians in the event Infrastructure comes later this year, you ready?
Thank you!
He always plagiarized
And Bc if u don't the rabid crazy leftist in ur state will burn ur house n run u out of office. A no is understandable but please be honest
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Ron Wyden.
and I will be against you come next election.. if your name is on my ballot it will be a no.. we don't need your kind in Oregon any more..
These same talking points lost Dems 1,000+ seats since 2010 and got @POTUS elected. Please, keep at it. Real Americans thank you.
And doing his own homework
You mean just like Democrats? Wow. This list reeks of Hillary.
And because you're a partisan hack now
Thank you!!
Thank you Senator Wyden for your stalwart opposition to this far-right extremist nominee. Gorsuch should not be on the Supreme Court.
Your are voting against Gorsuch out of spite
No, Sen Wyden is voting against based on Gorsuch's record ad a judge.
Thank you!
#StopGorsuch #StopGorsuch  #StopGorsuch  #StopGorsuch  #StopGorsuch  #StopGorsuch #StopGorsuch  #StopGorsuch  #StopGorsuch
Thank you !
@Kellyjorgense14 THANK YOU!!
AND I'm with you on that!
How is he against my individual rights?
Thanks from San Francisco, CA!

Did we think anything different from you people.if it was Jesus Christ it still would be no.
Would Gorsuch kick over the bankers tables? A succinct answer would do
ThNk you!!
We Don't Often Agree But You've Hit The Proverbial Nail On The Head...
But other than that he's great! 
And that Congress 'forgot' to vote on #Garland !!
#termlimits
Ask McConnell what happens when Dems are in control and a vacancy occurs on the Supreme Court. They get a liberal with 51 votes.
#confirmgorsuch
We have two big wars looming.  Stop the game playing and get prepared for some really bad times on the horizon
Gorsuch evaluates cases based on law. If the law is against workers, women, & individuals, that's on you, Senator. #confirmgorsuch
Gorsuch won't even support a "lowly worker" over a "god like employer" if the worker's life is in jeopardy. Another "good Christian".
He supports and protects the Constitution.. stop playing petty politics and do your job for Americans
I have no idea what you are talking about.
And #Gorsuch does NOT give a damn about Autism : http://www.politico.com/story/2017/03/neil-gorsuch-autistic-student-father-reacts-236416 … HE IS NOT the one fair to be #SCOTUS whatsoever! PERIOD!
Sure, Garland should have had a hearing, and you have a right to be mad, but Gorsuch, to me seems like he would be a great justice
Shut up
@airlift1300 this is so important not just for your country internally but also as a beacon for people everywhere. Thank you
Seriously...if you don't think #Gorsuch is qualified, you could reassess yourself. Your comments are execrable.
Thank you @RonWyden. We Oregonians are thankful for you and @SenJeffMerkley!
GET 'EM, RON
Yes Senator,u got my support,ur old cab driver,from Beth,,,,
Where on earth did you come up with these accusations?
But you voted for him last time. You just playing politics
It is ok to vote no. However, tell the truth. Everyone knows you are just playing tit for tat
Games.  Get to work already!
This man was elected to the senate? Or is this April fool ? Oh. #oregon. Figures
So basically a Fascist...
Thank you Senator Wyden. The repubs filibustered 52 times during the Obama administration.
Those ALL sound like good reasons that he is NOT right for the job.I would also say that anyone that vote for him needs be replaced as well.
Gorsuch is none of those.
Well said. You speak for this Oregonian on this matter perfectly! Thank you.
Not!
You forgot the Russians.
@SenateDems And you're apparently against honesty and integrity.
Ron. I used to donate to you. You've lost me.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Wyden.
ARDCfrauds racketeering "secret law" forbidden practice in trust deed. Unfit @ChicagosMayor allowed all to file fraud on records©®™
Too much filming & filing by ARDCfrauds @usedgov @USSupremeCourt real cases of television junkies of USA  on world stage. End Rochford©®™
Case worker @BlueRoomStream piss test gun owners! Disability rights no b positive but under care of a licensed MD. Oversight built in.3s
Alert & oriented services. Fail exam u send in forms. Add box . Arrest all unlicensed frauds on Obamacare. Truth is left. ©™®
My money is due & properties. Don't care about sovereignty rights! Man wants to shoot rockets .Causes no harmNonissue! Brad get migrant
Out of ur services industry! Region 34. Arrest all unlicensed ARDCfrauds first! Social worker are forbidden frauds on ur call town halls©™®
Have you checked the extent of his plagiarism ?
You look like you got plastic surgery in Mexico
Thank you!
and Merrick Garland. Never forget #NoOnGorsuch #Resist
Yeah. What a loser!
