‘You cannot be denied coverage’ for pre-existing conditions, Paul Ryan says 
http://ti.me/2pQwK2N 
Check out Alaska's ACA solution....it works
As if people could afford costly Obamacare premiums!
thanks to Obama care I believe Paul Ryan and Trump are trying to fix this problem Obama Care has made
Educated people can perceive the nuance.  More vulnerable people will only understand it when they get hit by unaffordable Healthcare plans.
Verses people w/ a $1500 deductible And a $10,000 ins. premium. did you forget to mention that in some areas ins. will soon be unavailable?
Oh boo hop. I can't afford a dr. Visit under ACA. Can't afford allergy shots either under ACA. Death is as much a part of life as birth.
But if yr a Median Inc family  & ObamaCare premium is $12-18K & deductible is $12K, you CAN'T use it.  So the premiums are just a TAX! HELP!
I wouldn't believe it Ryan's a liar just like his cohorts
Genius!!! A way to explain why risk pools won't work that the ignorant can understand? @realdonaldtrump King of the Ignorant
Does this mean you are FINALLY on board to co-sponsor Single Payer or are you still promoting the Insurance Company's "Public Option?"
Ryan is one of the worst. He is a lying hypocrite who is a monster with out a soul. Look at Ryan's tapes from when the ACA was being passed
The elephant in the closet?  You will live without the island... the cancer patient will die without the treatment...humanity??
But u need 2b a billionaire 2 afford it
Let me get 20 speeding tickets and 3 dwi, and then force you to pay my insurance.  Cant deny me.  Right?
Spicer said the exact thing,point blank'pre existing conditions will be covered' when will they be held accountable for directly lying
difference is that you're probs reason you cannot afford an island that hypothetical cancer patient had no say in having it
Tell Humana u can't deny coverage 2children with lifethreatening illnessesThey killed my child because they didn't want2 pay #greedoverlife
Has Ryan been run through a metal detector lately? He is not human.
Do rich people set the price or do others set the price? As of today...
Wth? Public & private in Australia. All can use public. Our private, top cover for my family of 5, less than $7000/yr pre-existing or not.
Yeah right!
2018 can't come soon enough. GOP going to get the boot from voters of all parties.  
@ActualEPAFacts @TIME Paul Ryan assumes everyone is a millionaire
Anyone can insure ANYTHING if the premium is big enough.
Well done.  What @SpeakerRyan @GOP think: we can afford a useless wall & absurd defense spending, but not medicine
& we can afford to have @POTUS jet to his resort every weekend, & a separate security detail for @FLOTUS & son in @BilldeBlasio 's NYC
@RepErikPaulsen could learn a few things from you. #mn03
Go for the Lesser Antilles. See if you can finance it through those banks he'll supposedly break up....
As someone with a pre-existing condition. i couldn't afford it before anymore than i can now.
A lot of people can't afford their premiums now if they can get Insurance at all.
I'll say it again; I love my senators.
So, uh...who is gonna take on that massive amount of cost? Don't tell me you're going to make me, a perfectly healthy individual, cost share
He says that now. I didn't  believe him then & i dont believe him now. He's trying 2 make himself look better abt screwing the American ppl.
Called Mar-a-Lago today to see if I could have access to membership. They told me I could if I have $200K.
Who's going to be paying all the taxes if everyone's dying for lack of health care and the rich sure as hell aren't paying?
I'm not going to be a pleasant person 2 b around if that happens to her. She's got enough going on. She doesn't need this as well.
Paul Ryan is again lying through his freaking teeth. Seriously,  my sister is concerned she's going to lose her ins. 1 of ?
Ridiculous
We need to broadcast all the things we have access to but can't afford
Have to admire Buffett and Munger...titans of industry who believe "single payer" is the way to go!
Can you afford to move to Australia because we sorted this shit out decades ago #JustSayin
With No Fault car ins cost is spread across all drivers We pool taxes for roads & schools W/NoFault med ins cost is shared & lower 4 all pts
You can only be overcharged so you won't be able to afford it...
This seemingly obvious distinction will go straight over the heads of far too many American voters.
Wealth is what Freedom looks like!
#UniversalHealthCare = No premiums. No deductible. No denials. No pre-existing conditions. No insurance profits. No exchanges. No anxiety.
Paul Ryan does not appear to have personal knowledge of a health crisis, let alone a problem paying for it.
#TIME, #STFU, unless, you #QualifyThatShit, #ButWeAllKnowNowThatsALie? #QuitBeing @realDonaldTrump & #PutinsBitch! #FreePress? #DoYourJobs
They're not going to "deny" coverage. They're just going to opt against letting you purchase it. Can't deny services you don't own yet.
Ha ha ha What are the extenuating circumstances Speaker Ryan?
For your Ireland the taxpayers we the people
@SpeakerRyan - what about erectile disfunction? Not a pre-existing condition b/c you have it maybe?
@Beanrag2
Can someone tell me what this "explanation" says? Is it grammatical English?
Keep going Chris!
There are no bounds to how damn stupid Paul Ryan is. The sad part is the lies he tells to try to cover for the stupidity!
Paul Ryan's a dick
Just like the self employed now. Thanks Obama!
so you acknowledge that the new plan is bad?
Fact. Old plan bad. New plan negative is speculation. Insurance won't be the price  of an island. Simple, don't let it lapse. No freebies
cost with pre-existing will make coverage unattainable - not just inconvenient.
Says who.
How much
You can't be denied a Caribbean island, per Ryan's logic.
P. Ryan is being intellectually dishonest.
@TruckersVote @TIME thanks, Mr. Murphy, for spelling it out. Ryan & his cohorts love to give half truths & flat out lie!
Accessibility =/= affordability. Maybe the right word is available. You can buy it but only if you have a lotta $$.
Thank you. Like car insurance you purchase Comprehensive or with older cars Collision. Collisions cheaper, but doesn't cover anything!!!
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE @SpeakerRyan! how do you sleep at night? You must be a vampire! You look like one! How do you live with yourself?
So how come the taxpayers are supposed to be able to afford it?
We are 20 trillion in debt with your democrat thinking!
We're sick of it!
EXACTLY!!! That's the crap the GOP is trying to sell everyone. They can't deny you but it's going to cost you...
When will the Republicans understand that access and affordability are not the same thing
According to (clueless) Jason Chaffetz, you could afford that island if you would stop buying things like fancy iPhones.
@TIME what our dear @SpeakerRyan does not seem to understand is overcharging is denying.
This is how if I get cancer I wind up choosing between death and kids going to college or not.
Amen, Amen, and again I say Amen!  Why isn't erectile disfunction a pre-existing condition but rape is?
@HumblestBee @TIME Right! Especially after your govt makes it hard to get educated for better pay & to contribute+ to society
This is so pathetically true that I can retweet it but I can't  it
Everyone can go crowdfund their medical problems.  Dystopia achieved
The "pro-life" conservative argument seems to be that if you don't have money, you don't deserve to live. That's how China works too, FWIW.
Because coverage is sooooo affordable now, right? $700/month w/ $6,800 deductible for a single person is great, right?
Yeah, but you can be denied insurance if you can't afford it!  Most people who have pre-existing conditions can't afford premiums.  Cruel!
does paul ryan know what the definition of insurance is?   and this forces people onto welfare rolls.
Emergency room healthcare, is not healthcare it's emergency treatment often delivered to late an often denying readily available procedures
All the lying Republican hypocrites need to be called out loud, clear & repeatedly! Including @RepMimiWalters ! 92653-5769 voter
Before Obamacare in 1988 at 40 I wanted maternity coverage. Ins comp said sure $2000 monthly. $2,000 in 1988 equals $4,184.26 in 2017.
"access"
I never thought Paul Ryan could walk back on any of his pet projects.
Apparently, you also can't be denied spewing lies to the people. Stop scaring your gullible base w/ fake information.
That is the simplicity of the whole thing right there: It would be available. It would not be affordable for the predominance of Americans.
My twins were born at 26 weeks and stayed in the NICU 11 weeks.  Bill was 600k. If I hadn't had insurance, taxpayers would've paid it.
As a taxpayer, I would rather pay the smaller bill up front which has the added benefits to the individual but also increased productivity.
Paul Ryan lies just like his followers
Ryan is a liar and I can't believe he can go home to his family and face them.
These people have no humanity. #killthepoor
You just watch Ryan's face tense up in Rose Garden when Trump says Pre existing cover remains.
And if you lose your plan, you'll get NOTHING and like it #AHCA
That's why Ryan is a lying
Yes, and simpler, everyone has access to a BMW but can't afford it!!!
People with pre-existing conditions will be placed in high-risk insurance pools that have very high premiums.
This thinking is how they feel about racism/sexism as well. Everyone has equal rights under the law so u can't experience real racism/sexism
Where do you get the $145,000 premium figure? Point to the section of the bill that states that.
Chris you are making money off of CT voters. How are you a millionaire  - few years ago you could not paid your mortgage Drain the swamp
They want to do it like Trump. Get services and not pay for them
I can't wait for Trump Memorial Hospital. I'll stiff them after he's dead.
If the ACA is so wonderful why are you not on that plan? And, why do we have to pay for your expensive Gold Acme plans? #hypocrite 
Ryan is an arrogant ass.
Trump Healthcare is the last nail in the coffin. All those so called 'men' who came up with this outrage should be on same plan! But no...
Paul Ryan is a freaking liar. If Lyin Don stops ryans head will need to be surgically removed.
I can't wait to see Paul Ryan lose his job
People with pre-existing mental health conditions have access to firearms but not health insurance.
Just because it is available to buy doesn't mean that you can afford it. Our healthcare system has a lot of advance technology that is
available but people cannot afford to have the treatments or tests.  How is this better? Healthcare is a human right
Exactly
#iamapreexistingcondition @SpeakerRyan why don't you all have the same health care as the rest of us?
Yep, our access to healthcare will be standing at the bus top in the parking lot waiting to go to our less than min. Wage jobs.
Spot on, Chris.
You will be able to keep your Dr. Oh Hell!
What about the people that pay for their own insurance? Why should we also pay for other people not exactly fair
It's their company line. Don't be fooled.
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Along with your tireless efforts to protect vulnerable citizens of all political persuasions, you must vigorously expose @SpeakerRyan lies
At least the Caribbean island is a one time purchase. Insurance is yearly.
You mean like Devos??? BVI Peter Island. Been there more than a dozen times....if only I'd known. Ugh
@IndivisibleTeam @TIME Trump isn't denied the right to be a literate informed citizen.
This, this right here is my future. I make under $20,000 working for small business. I have Sjogren's, autoimmune. My premium is est $27K.
@GOP, @SpeakerRyan, & @POTUS, & all Republicans think everyone is as easy to fool as their supporters are.  Big mistake!
I am loving all this Lamborghini access I have.
The GOP are sick inside
Congress is deciding our health future while they have the platinum package. Systemic injustice. Healthcare for ALL.
Exactly. Everybody in America has "access" 2 diamonds & penthouses now. That doesn't mean they're not absolutely out of reach financially...
...but these things exist & can b purchased. Nobody dies w/o a penthouse condo. Ppl die Every Day bc they cldn't afford healthcare, or ...
...they "accessed" it 2 late 2 save them.
Look at the rising number of children going w/o dental care until it lands them in the hospital...
...A nation w DIY medical & dental procedures as some of the most popular YouTube videos - that is a nation w/o adequate ACCESSS 2 health..
...care.
Because ppl are poor & healthcare is 2 expensive.
Not bc there is no healthcare out there.
As opposed to Obamacare where ya couldn't afford it and were still required to buy it, then couldn't use it. Party on
Making coverage prohibitively expensive is in fact denying it to most. Don't see the difference. Coverage privilege not right. Obscene
This is exactly right! My meds cost easily 100k/month w/o Medicaid due to illness and I just won't be able to afford it! They don't care-
@MarkJonesESPN @TIME Ryan and the othe Republican clowns must think they are exempt from illness. They will pay.
Wonder how much campaign donations you received from drug companies...???
How about you worry about trying to make the situation better instead of putting the Republicans on blast every day... you're a joke
exactly- Ryan is such an ass. so smarmy. hope he gets voted out in 18
If you believe you have a "right" to purchase a Carribean island, you're a moron who doesn't understand rights.
Ryan is a complete disgrace
The marketplace "takes care" of healthcare in the same way the mob "takes care" of snitches.
@TIME A single chemo treatment is billed @ $14K - why dont we have price controls for this nonsense? #ThanksRepubs @HouseGOP
I agree. I should not be denied affordable home insurance just because I burned down my own home and drove my car into the sea. Unfair.
Paul Ryan- ever the white man liar 
PRESIDENT Chris Murphy
It buts the ownership on the states, CT had pre-existing laws before Obamacare
Paul Ryan is a slimeball. Do you think he's fooling ANYbody??
Or a 200k membership to Mara-Lago
This is called de'facto denial.
It would be nice if the GOP leadership knew the basics of how insurance works; like the Law of Large Numbers.
Handel and Ryan. 2 Peas in a Pod. Handel backed by Ryan's millions. #ossoff is for by and all the people of 6th regardless of views. #resist
Handel iswith Ryan.Both impose their views & morals on the people & cause major damage.Ask @SusanGKomen about Handel's damageto them.#ossoff
@SpeakerRyan is a liar and had 7 years to come up with something much better for all the people. We are coming for Ryan's seat. #resist
Just get a mortgage and not pay Chris. You've been there and done that
yes you can its just your bank not the ins co
U can be denied for rare disease "falls outside standard of care" @XLH_Network  @GlobalGenes #tooraretocare
#TheResistance must rid this congress of "Ron" Ryan.
Terrible comparison, really.
Then take it up with God how unfair the world is.
#PaulRyan is such a piece of crap; I wish he were forced to take his entire savings & spend it on a cheap bottle of "I_AmAnAsshole" medicine
Well put
hey @SpeakerRyan, we're all making fun of you because you're a monster who wants to let people suffer & die so the rich can pay less taxes.
And only a month ago, #preexistingconditons were a given, as was coverage til age 26, no lifetime caps, etc. Now we're begging for scraps.
If Paul Ryan-Koch got the same healthcare he passed for the little ppl, I'm sure we'd acquire the premium package.
from a constituent (really) on SS disability/Medicare: PLEASE KEEP FIGHTING THIS SHIT. & also: PLEASE FIGHT FOR NET NEUTRALITY EQUALLY HARD
This is a terrible analogy.
Paul Ryan and the GOP healthcare plan give the lie to Trump having a monopoly on stupid thinking.
Ryan is a practitioner of the Virtue of Selfishness. A philosophy created by an atheist Russian who died having Medicare pay her bills.

They think they're slick - "See, we're not lying, no one say you can't have insurance. <wink wink>". Please.
Yes, it’s slick double-talk. Drives me nuts which is also a pre-existing condition.
Please bring up the fact that high risk pools ALWAYS run at a loss,including ACAs temporary high risk pool.#CrowdOut
Paul's approval rating is a tad low at the moment. Might there finally be ramifications for Ryan-level lies? If so, DT will continue lower.
R was on the transition team. He had to be part of the collision. But proving?
Why does it cost $145k for treatment?  What's the justification?  Answer that!
It's the same with fees and taxes.
That's why Ryan doesn't say "affordable coverage", and it's unconscionable. 
@randyprine @TIME Paul Ryan is so out of touch with the working class makes you think he's from another planet. Uranus!
Exactly!
