Puerto Rico & the U.S. Virgin Islands are in crisis and need their fellow Americans, especially their president, to remember the Golden Rule
Did anyone expect him to be respectful and caring???  #nah
Also fits the pattern of Trump attacking 100% of his professional critics. Every. Single. Time.
at least he's consistenet
Doesn’t matter - you are fukced
HT @FreeSpeechBot for sharing this NYT article: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/30/opinion/democrats-2018-midterm-election.html … Here's an anecdote from the comments:
@TheDemocrats are voting @GOP even in New England
Too bad he can't be censured
I think you got that backwards
Her response is garbage and without merit! She's just following the script cause you all are so desperate to ruin Trump
Trump is taking care of his own ruin  he is totally nuts
Add highlighting YOUR thoughts about it are for political gain with the left. What's that about Golden Rule again?
Her insults towards the President are the disgrace!  You Pinhead!
Impeach the idiot
Political opportunist.  Maybe she shouldn't bite the hand that feeds (like the US military).
But her complaints about non support while standing in front of supplies r perfectly acceptable, right? #Politicizingtragedy
The president is a disgrace.
But she is a bad person.
Aren't the inaccurate accusations and insults toward our President a disgrace?
trump is a disgrace to America and the world.
Puerto Rico is about the size of Delaware w/ 3.5 times as many citizens. 55% don’t have water. The mayor battles for her people #TrumpResign
THE MAYOR IS THE REASON FOR THE PROBLEM, SEE THE PIC OF HER STANDING IN FRONT OF THE SUPPLIES?HE UNION WORKERS WON'T MOVE IT UNTIL SHE PAYS
Typical union... screw the people in need, show me my money!!  The Governor just praised Trump YESTERDAY on his admins response.
Typical Union people are the reason our great new President got elected...more like  too much said
Luckily those in PR, that are actually helping, aren't trying to grandstand.  The commie mayor is a disgrace.
My fear is that potus is distracting Americans from the REAL EVIL he is planning in the Oval Office. Unhinged megalomaniacal racist is mild
He is a disgrace
It is time for impeachment!
Stop obstructing in the senate and show some guts and pass President Trumps nominees and pass Kate Steinle bill.Get out of Schumers Butt
Get those greedy union workers to move the supplies I guess Puerto Rico full of Democrats also
The mayor is the problem here. Typical Carper post by the man who does nothing.
No Senator. The mayor is the disgrace. She is a communist who want's to be president in a republuc. PR:51st state
Every senator should make the same statement, otherwise not mean much.
The president is a disgrace.
I couldn't agree more!
The mayor's remarks about Trump were a disgrace, NOT the other way around.  It's called "passing the buck" when you fail.
Nah, we'll keep him.
Puerto Rico's politics as corrupt as they day is long so eff SenSlimeball
The mayor of San Juan is a disgrace. The DNC is a disgrace. The teamsters are a disgrace. Got it?
What's more insulting is a divisive left with power hunger in their hearts who only pretend to care when it benefits them. Disgusting
The mayor of San Juan is a disgrace. Can't attend FEMA mtgs to get San Juan what it needs but she's making t-shirts and hats.

Retweet until Congress takes action. #remove45 
Lies by the San Juan mayor is worse
Relief aid is there
She's not doing her job
coordinating distribution
Ray Nagan?
When I have nothing good to say, don't say anything. Please show some decorum yourself.
#FakeNews

Tell your hipster mayor to do her job
But so true 
45 doesn't care about anyone who doesn't make a billion dollars.
Actually  the mayor of San Juan is a disgrace.
That's MY Senator!
Not if you live in Florida.
IMPEACH HIM for he destroys America!!!
Could not agree more. Everything he does is a disgrace!!


Yes they are. How long will it take for congress to #impeachTrumpnow ?
Isn't  jello time at the home yet?? Coons can tuck you in.
Truth hurts snowflake, grow a set
Let @POTUS know how you feel @SenatorCarper
Her political rhetoric last night set the tone for POTUS to respond in defense of 15,000 FED and FEMA workers on the ground & More coming
Then copy him when tweeting about him
And what are you doing about it? Nothing.....

I hate to say it, but @realDonaldTrump is the most immoral potus in history.
Quit trying to divide us. He is telling the truth. u know it.Texas and Florida have worked hard to help themselves.PR wants us to do it all
yet maybe he's right...ever thought of that...ih of course not
@keithlaw Knowledge is Good https://pjmedia.com/trending/2017/09/25/puerto-ricos-governor-dismantles-media-attacks-trumps-response-hurricane-irma/amp/ …

Only demoncrap congressmen who are about to be voted out soon are commenting.  Hilarious! Your term is up, your party is done! 

Everything about Trump is a disgrace.
Hate to admit I live in USA. No longer proud since this fool came along!
The #sanjuanmayor is a disgrace who puts democrat incompetence in bas relief for all to see.
LIEING AND BACKING LIERS IS A BIGGER DISGRACE, TELL BARRY AND HILLARY ABOUT THIS
If Price gave bad optics to president, his own optics on Puerto Rico shatters the mirror. Badly.
She should respect your  President of the United States.
And wipes out all the positive from Houston and Florida. Response was adequate.
Sheesh.  Shut up already
I agree- but we could have predicted that, What we are doing to get help to PR immediately, with our without the president's help?
DUH Trump is doing a GREAT job, FEMA is doing a great job, our military with 9 ships full of supplies are doing a great job.
Yes they are. &he’s continuing his ignorant blather all day. Railing against something. Get him out. @marcorubio @SenJohnMcCain @GOPHouse
Everything he does is disgraceful.  He is a worldwide embarrassment.
OPINIONS ARE LIKE FARTS EVERYONE HAS THEM
Some are just full of sh**
In a more civilized country with higher standards for elected leadership, his behaviors would be cause for impeachment
This really has become a rotten-banana republic.
Ya think?  Wish you guys would organize and work to get rid of him. He's given you plenty of grounds. It's disgraceful times infinity!
the really upsetting thing is @realDonaldTrump used his anger at the mayor to call millions of people basically lazy.
look troll, the mayor said the supplies were stuck at the docks. it takes fuel, roads and workers, to put the supplies where they're needed.
you calling Lt. General Jeffrey Buchanan a liar? you have no expertise in this to disagree with those on the ground there.
IMPEACH!
For what? Bcuz you don’t like him? 
@realDonaldTrump inadequate response to the humanitarian crisis is a crime. Trump is mentally deranged & must be removed from office.
Why are the @Teamsters in PR on strike Senator? No drivers to deliver supplies to the people. Why dont you do something about that Senator?
The president is a disgrace. Fuck everyone - literally everyone - who didn't vote for Hillary Clinton.
Trump is a disgrace to our flag.
Well so is the president a disgrace to the United States. Every country is laughing at us and feels sorry we have to put up with him
You are so right! I speak to many around the world who can't believe we elected that slime!
The president is a disgrace to this country. #UnfitToBePresident
