Lindsey just tried to say we are all idiots. We need to get rid of so many of these Guys.
We're in desperate need of a complete reboot of a) prez Nazi b) Congress c) Cabinet d) anyone I forgot to mention. (@gop, I mean).
Sounds like a good start. Just make sure that Old McConnell is one of the first marched out.
We've got special plans for McConnell and Ryan and now, @LindseyGrahamSC . I shouldn't say more ;)
Maybe the @FBI should look into your tweet.
Promises ..
Did you ever think you would see the day when insurance companies showed more heart than those that represent us? No - me either. Sad
The power of Greed!
The more groups against it mean the more it is the right thing to start fixing broken healthcare.  Cutting their free money hurts!
Sad state when insurance companies have more moral authority than elected representatives. Who's lying @GOP @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy
Let the good times roll
.@nytimes ACA GUARANTEED insurance complex unlimited/helpless paying customers who have no rights. Let's talk about that, too. No?

How bad is it? Take a look
Now that's surprising to me. That even insurers are against this bill.
There are no good guys in this story. On one side we have $harks. On the other side we have $harks. There are no good guys in this story.
GOP is obsessed with doing away with the ACA, no matter what the cost, so they don't care who they hurt.
One of the most astonishing things about this situation is that many of their voters are the ones who will be most affected.
They're quiet hoping for the best instead of making noise to their cult leader.
I'm not sure who you have been talking to, but no one I know loves it at all.
Whose left? Koch and racists.
Funny thing is if Democrats get their way insurance companies will be obsolete. Insurers pick your poison.
@marcorubio Fight this bill. Say no. Be that legendary hero that is above taking a bribe. We already know the g-c will kill Floridians.
As if we didn't need ant more proof of the ACA's sale of rights to the money of Americans to bloodthirsty insurance executives...
You know it's an irresponsible bill when even the insurers are against it.
Just proves what a piece of garbage BO gave us. IT CAN'T B FIXED. BO put us N danger with healthcare not fit 4 a dog.
Get real! They haven't even tried to fix ACA.
That probably means that its actually good for the consumers.
Insurers are so Greedy. Why are their CEO's paid Millions in wages
This is the most important reason to think it must be a good option!
Insurers turned the Affordable Care Act-ACA- into the UCA- Unaffordable Care Act. The DNC and the GOP let them do it. We let them do it...
If the Insurance companies are against it, the ONLY people left to benefit would be the 1% who will be getting the beneficial TAX CUT.
Care to comment?  @AnthemInc
Rest assured, @katiecouric does not have Obamacare-just another lib supporting a losing healthcare proving she cares nada about you!
If the insurance companies don't want it that means it should pass that mean it's good for Americans
If the insurers don't like it you can bet its not a give away to them. All Obamacare did was expand Medicaid and increase premiums.
That like Jeff Sessions, Kris Kobach & Stephen Miller saying "Hold on guys, these voter ID laws are too racist even for us"!! 
Shame them to the WORLD! Sick evil murderers!
Oi
The #GrahamCassidy bill is a GOP #GrahamCassidyKillThePoor bill.
That should be a major positive.   They prefer a corrupt bailout oligopoly like fed bailout wall street to real competition.
#DeathByGOP
It's easy to buy Congress, they already have. Much harder and more expensive to buy every Governor.
Things that make you say Hmmm...
Cause they could b losing the goose that layer their golden egg
Tapped out.
Soon it will be more miserable to be a GOP Congressperson than it will be to get sick in America. Keep up the good work!

New bill is just this, cuts in Medicare for elderly, sick and disabled to pay for tax breaks for the rich. Evil geniuses
Do the insurers have anyone's interest in mind other than lining their own pockets?
Good sign then haha
It must be a great bill for the people if the ins. Hate it.
It doesn't cover the people & doesn't pay the insurance companies. Only the 1% benefit from their TAX CUTS.
Must be something good in it
@GOP @realDonaldTrump  Even health insurance companies do not endorse this bill.
That's because insurers own all politicians, except Trump. Why are Dem voters so clueless?
Senators Graham and Cassidy don’t care for the health care of Americans, the care for the profits of corporate companies.
Of course. No monopoly.
Right, since they did so well under Obamacare...
@DailyCaller @CR @DailySignal @WSJ Congress wont do the Right Thing, But needs2 get totally out of ObamaCare-JRoberts So Wrong-badLaw UNCont
We have offered2 assist w/handling ObamaCare & get Gov't Out but unless U donate U don't know anything. RETENTION POOLS RETENTION POOLS
Of course they are, when "Single Payer" pass. The CEOs will cease to get those mega salaries and million dollar bonuses. #SWO332
wait do we like insurance companies or are they evil?
The insurance companies are also profiting from mandatory coverage and increased premiums. No wonder they like ACA
Wow you k ow its Bad if the Insurance Conpany is against it ..
Except the ones that paid off the GOP senators with slush money.
Everything Republicans' touch seems to turn to doody.
Hmmm. It must be good then.
GOP listens to biz leaders who complain efforts to curtail effects of climate change are bad for biz, but not for this issue.  Says it all.
EVERYBODY MAKE ONE CALL TO YOUR CONGRESSMAN!!!  IT WORKED BEFORE!!!!! IT IS THE LEAST EVERY PERSON CAN DO!!!!
That traitor Obama should b shot 4 what he did 2 healthcare. WE GONNA HAVE 2 KEEP THIS SHIT. SUE OBAMA
That's sounds like a threat @SecretService
I am so ready to have a Senate Repeal Act; the Republicans are traitors to this country..
More fake news.
Health care is a human right, not a commercial opportunity for profit. The entire Western World practices this Western value #MedicareForAll
Hum, that's telling me that they will get fuck which means we the people will get better benefits w lower costs.
Did you read the article, apparently not. Your tweet shows your ignorance.

They loved ACA so much too, that's why they were bailing out all over the country
Cassidy-graham: Pay a lot more and get a lot less for your healthcare dollars.
They'll have to earn their money not simply bill the Govt to get ppl's money
Thank you!
Of course! They lose the power and the DC sugar daddy!
Now you communists are concerned about insurance companies? You kids crack me up
#MAGA insurersful come out swinging against healthful careful billful
Swing hard and don't forget to duck...it's #AmericanGenocide against the poor
Well hurrah for the industry!
Oh yeah, they love obamacare !
So now Democrats are backing siding with the money hungry insurance companies who want massive profits?  Democrats are desperate
Because it is a terrible bill that will make insurance unreachable for 25 million people and skyrocket costs.
Alaska gets screwed in this bill when money is allotted to the states...she'd be insane to vote for it

When even the insurers hate the bill, ya know it's gotta be so fucked up that it's not even suitable for the waste-basket.
No health organization in America likes the bill. Insureres don't like the bill. Only racist GOPers and 45 like the bill. Tells  u something
