Now you say this? How about you say, as Governor of PR that YOU are demanding that support like any other American citizens would receive.
Our Gov is polite and intelligent. There's no winning in getting into a war of tweets with Trump. Help for PR will come via the congress.
We don’t need polite we need command and control before a humanitarian crisis becomes a police/crime crisis.
Seriously. People are dying...and while being PC may have been an appropriate approach in the beginning now it's time to be be a bit more aggressive with our demands. We have every right to do so. Stop approaching this with a colonized mind.
We are a territory!!! A commonwealth!!! We do have a limitation in our benefits!  We got our referendum and we botched it!
"WE" botched it? You do realize that congress needs to act on this correct? We voted for statehood in 2012..what happened? Nothing. Voted for statehood again in June. Guess what will happen? Nothing again. Just cause there are limits to benefits doesn't not justify ill treatment.
My point is that it time for us to demand that we be treated equally. Nothing will happen if we appease to our "masters." The oppression of our people needs to stop. After a century of this treatment...enough is enough already.
Absolutely agree with you. Puerto Rico should have been a state a long long long time ago. Just don't tell my family I said that. :-)
I just wonder. What was the last hurricane you experienced in PR? For me was Hugo 1989. Without power for 2 1/2 weeks. That was Cat 3.
Absolutely! We are Americans as well.
@potus @flotus Puerto Rico is part of the USA. It is your responsibility to help in time of crisis. Will this be your #Katrina? @marcorubio
Well said!!!
Dear Gov well said. Don't allow yourself to be swayed to a war of tweets. Keep your cool and perseverance.  Palante boricuas!
But I was racistly labeled "That Gringo", under violent attack & home burned to the ground;  now you're citizens?  cc @realDonaldTrump
What are you talking about? I grew up in East LA and was called huera all the time. How does this have anything to do with PR relief?
Dehumanized my family and I by labeling me "That Gringo" and then ignoring acts of criminal violence & #corruption against us in Puerto Rico
Still not a reason for you to be OK with Trump's treatment of PR after a natural disaster. And I wasn't dehumanized by being called huera.
I'm only going to say this one time ..you have no idea what you're talking about ..  what happend to my family in Puerto Rico was inhuman.
Perhaps. But why should the entire island of PR psy the price for what was done to your family?
I'm not the one balming the victims ...  take your time thinking about that ...
Really? You're letting your experience with some Puerto Ricans to cloud your judgement about how Trump is handling the devastation in PR.
Hi please google ‘bulapower’, we can solve the housing and energy challenges  together!
#puerto Rico gov need to be recall, #puerto Rico get yourself a new governor. You are not represented by your gov.
That's right....plus I think it's time to make a request for additional troops.
Each town should get off your a## and do the work like American communities do it for each other. Stop crying and get your hands dirty to help your neighbor.
Rossello #instead of kissing 45’s culo #you should have shown #the people of Puerto Rico and what is happening to them in the mountains 
Sadly your governor does not care.  He only cares to spend money on the main cities. The United States is not in charge of P. R. Gov money. Your governor is. Knock on his door and demand he show you where money is spent. You will be shocked.
#PuertoRico should be the 51st state. It’s the only way equal treatment would not be in question.
Rich ppl living on the island are the ones who keep Puerto Rican ppl poor  with the governor's help of course.   Governor should go after rich ppl instead for money to fix the problems he creates.
The Government a tomado El mismo Vocabulario de Maduro en Venezuela, el mismo esfuerzo de derrotar al Pobre y convencer a los Religiosos
Why can't a state like California bring Puerto Rico into a a state-to-state federation?
prayers to you all
Thanks im puertorican ok
So for a commonwealth that doesn't pay taxes to the US Govt demanding that we have to help them, priceless.

Se indica que PRAFA dice q  miles de rescatistas y ayuda en EU está pendiente de q  gobernador envié autorización para q vengan. Qué pasa?!
There are many good citizens in this country, we will rebuilt PR. Love my Borinquen.
The help you need is there for you now, not indefinitely. Stop whining, tweeting and help the people. Wife is PR, fix your Corrupt Gov.
How long will FEMA be in TX and FL? Is there a deadline for them too, or does that only pertain to PR?
Governor, what has kissing up to Trump gotten our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico? Trump does not believe they are Americans.
P. Ricans pay federal taxes such as Social Security and Medicare that's it @ 3.4% Which means the governor cannot use that money to rebuild P. R. Fact also P. Rican gov (common wealth) cannot vote in congress.
@AynRandPaulRyan Вернуть ВС США в Пуэрто Рико,во все пострадавшие районы для восстановления инфраструктуры.
Cuando van a normalizar el correo??????
Yo soy Puertorriqueña
This is such a long-term plan of devastation Fema should fly citizens to other states & pay  housing so they can be comfortable 
I think we should relocate PR population to lower 48. Give them $40-$50k to find housing, get car and other things to get new life
How is that any way an expression of support for Puerto Rico get a freaking brain
Decídete, Tu comisionada dice que le han dado todo lo que han pedido y tú estás pidiendo que te den lo que merecemos
Statehood or nothing. How can we the United States own any other territory,Island,or Country. Ask the IRA !
Maybe it wasn't a great idea for you to sit with Trump and enable his BS when he came to Puerto Rico?
Maybe THAT was the time to tell him "stop attacking Carmen Yulín Cruz Soto, asshole".  You can still do that NOW.
our Nation? You mean the Nation you help support with Federal income tax.  Oh, wait, you get the advantages, however, do not pay into the "advantage club".  LOL Most citizens want to help Puerto Rico. And the U.S. has done so.
It's not PR citizens that are up-set with Trump it's the PR government their up-set with, get liberals out of PR
You want Puerto Rico to be a state, to a country that has demonstrated it does not recognize our humanity. Has kept us in a colonial state.
Puerto Rico is not part of the u.s don't play that game. You know that piece of shit country built its shitty self. Not our problem to fix
Unfortunately you now see the danger in placating Trump. Eventually he gets bored and dumps you.
That happens to everyone that kisses his ass!
Not really but he has clout and blind followers who believe all the shit that comes out of his mouth.
Trollbots gotta troll. Wouldn't be saying this shitif it were Texas.
A fish rots from the head dude. His lack of government knowledge & having no support is costing everyone and you know it.
We are as americans as any other person from any state. We demand as much help as any state should receive
One thing you do not demand help from others you asked for help so back that up

But I stand with you
You need Aid
Island and people deep in the mountains are begging for help and help isnt reaching them.
Choppers flying stuffed there

 knock it off
Your fellow Americans are outraged at how Puerto Rican Americans are being treated & we're letting Congress know. #SomosUnaVoz Lo siento.
You're a bad governor! Complimenting Trump on his way of "helping" Puerto Rico and tú Jing you back on your people! Shame on you!
Keep educating the world. PR needs love 
Wake up...FAKE president doesn't give a and sucking up to him doesn't help. He doesn't deserve respect.
US should help, get the power, ports, airports, roads, dams and water back up to 100%. But then return PR to a free country
What this country needs is less lies from you and your mediocre cabinet. Stop crying for help and media tours and start giving results.
What has Trump ordered to support the people of CA currently losing everything to wild fires? He's absent when the state is Blue.
Mr Rosellò, P/ricns r shrtchanging P/ricns. Cost of goods, such as water, milk, coffee, etc has been more than dbled. Shameful! Plse help!
As citizens of this country they deserve all the help any other citizen would receive
@guypbenson We need to fix their damaged infrastructure, cancel most of their debt and set our colony free!
PR tried socialism and it failed. Now they are asking for a bailout. US needs to help for the greater good, but it’s a wake up call
PR is welcome to FlORIDA
Ante la falta de vigilancia seguridad en los puntos de llegada de suministros y pérdida o hurto de vagones donados... MILITARES a la calle.
family on ISL. BUT enough is enough people do have to help, Why are U NOT asking 4 volunteers 2 deliver 2 over side ISL,MT.
I think PR should be a state and it shouldn’t take a tragedy to make that point on the island and off .
Por favor prendan Palo Seco
https://twitter.com/jbellalatina/status/918994693236707328 …
Why are you afraid to tag the guy that can help PR @realDonaldTrump ??
Stand up to trump.
We just need the lights on now! Don't care about anything else. It has been over a month without power. Enough is enough!
Governor, agree 100%. That's why be a USA 51th State should be priority one, even under our present circumstance.
Maybe Trump needs to meet the President of Puerto Rico to feel like he can move forward with aid  
You should have said that to trump when he was there , instead you kissed his ass you are a puppet
I can't believe #Trump stabbed you in the back like this!  Especially after you sucked his dick on National TV!! #PuertoRico #KissAssLoser
@FunkyJoeElCirco No tagueó a @realDonaldTrump
If you want to know how much Puerto Rican’s love this country ! Visit the Vietnam Wall !!!
Stop kissing Trump ass and fight the Fascist racist Trump
Trump is a racist who hates Blacks, Spanish speaking citizens and other non whites .Begging Trump is a waste of time, lets unite and fight
Well spoken.
Look for Rick Santiago he’s a truck-driver and is in th island now!! He will really help! He’s in Facebook go follow him reach out to him!!
PR necesita ayuda pero hay que cuidarse de la ayuda que reciben
#2 usar a PR como base es la localización perfecta por si hay guerra y el gobierno no se está fijando en eso la desesperación no los deja.
#1 Todo lo que USA está enviando para PR es basado en establecer satélites, electricidad ect. Para un futuro.
I hope you be smart to see that all new installment and all USA help are base on preparing PR as USA war base
BUT TRUMP AND GOP ARE RACIST MONSTERS
Yes PR should received exactly the same benefits on support as any other us citizen.
The Gov left the mayor out dry when she was sounding the alarm.

La gente muriéndose de hambre y sed y esto es lo que ustedes hacen con la ayuda una vergüenza 
Boricuas ARE Americans too, and President Agent Orange Man is too dumb to realize that. Hooked on Phonics didn’t work for him!
They can't vote so they are non-persons in #Trumpworld not even 3/5
No more ignorant tweets here like Trump's one and more action... I'm with my island 100% .. We can do this
did u read krugman's piece in NYT today?
Fellow citizens across our Nation should worry. If 45 will act like this to Puerto Rico, no-one can have confidence in U.S. govt. support.
FLORIDAANDTEXASAREALSOINDEBT. Funny he didn't bring this up re: aiding them after their disasters. 
We are all Puerto Rican. Stand with @NydiaVelazquez, another woman who can't be silenced. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vD_Rjy7628A …
Your "fellow Americans" pay into the fund in the form of federal income tax. Do your fellow Puerto Ricans pay this tax?
"The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!"DJT
#MAGA & MAKE PUERTO RICO GREAT AGAIN #MPRGA
Too bad 62+ million voters didn't fully realize what a monumental idiot T-rump is.
You need to step it up in reminding the president of this fact. Time to be nice has ended. Show the island why you are the man in charge!
TTYRANT TRUMP Racist Dont Care- If U Didnt Vote For HimOr R Not WHITE(His Small Base All Cares for) He Says a BIG F U Middle Finger
Why didn’t you say that earlier instead of kissing his ass?????
@realDonaldTrump what's more disrespectful to U.S.? Calling PR victims still living in shelters deadbeats or kneeling at  football game?
It took him days to even mention the CA fires, & our Deal soldiers. He will help those that kiss his ass, the hell with the rest of USA.
Rethink that, it's now any support we would have received before Trump became POTUS.
They have it.  Now tell them not to be so corrupt.   We all donated and they stole it
Nice to see you're through kissing trumps ass maybe you should've always stood up for your people
Más que "request" use "demand"!
It's easy to claim it as your land or Ter aye @POTUS & Senate
But when it comes to taking care if it
Well
Canada sure helped u
But really
U just blocked others from help them
Think @POTUS if all those other countries didn't bail u out cause u were a financial burden
Why do you keep telling Trump he is doing a great job then? You seem to cower to Trump and the @GOP. Stand up for your people when it counts
Correcto. Hay algun site dde pueda ver un status de los temas mas criticos: verdad sobre el agua, la salud, aee.
Read the Rules on FEMA and First responders, you would thing the Governor would know how it works.
What aren't they getting?
Finally, governor ! 
Mayor Yulin Cruz has been saying this to Trump repeatedly while you were singing his praises...
Are you afraid of losing your voters' support, now that they have seen what she has done for PR and what you haven't ?
I agree they do need our support and financial assistance, but we need to be reminded Puerto Ricans do not pay Federal Taxes
I bet you feel stupid saying what a great job the Trumpanzee was doing with disaster aid.
@POTUS ..PR ain't over now grow some cajones and help our people!!
According to yes BR your corrupt government in Puerto Rico isn't giving the supplies to the people they're Keeping them for themselves
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump can u smell now?
@JulieBishopMP, @MarisePayne, @TurnbullMalcolm – can we pls send help from the Australian military? Canada did. Our allies are DYING 
You are a joke Puerto Rico citizens should vote you out how you snuggled up to Donald Trump You should be ashamed of yourself people hurting
And Puerto Ricans deserve HELP Now!
Apart from California it seems, 25+ dead, thousands displaced & @realDonaldTrump has said/tweeted nothing. Maybe because it’s a blue state?
I guess they are saying look to Flint, MI, that’s how we help out citizens.
Trump obviously believes Puerto Ricans aren't "real Americans."
PUERTO RICO SHOULD BE GETTING THE SAME KIND OF HELP AS TEXAS, FLORIDA, AND LOUISIANA!!!! WAKE UP TRUMP!!
#FAKEPRESIDENT #FAKECABINET
I want you & the U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico to know that we care and are sending our support. We do NOT feel the same as Trump!
#weThePeople : we can't keep TRUMP, SCAMinistration in the WHITEHOUSE forever #25thAmmendment #trump #potus #whitehouse #puertorico #fema
What about those reports that are coming out of the island of officials stealing the #Fema supplies, let's get serious now we need the truth
Walking away from ANYONE in need is shameful. Walking away from AMERICANS in need is criminal. PR needs help not blame!! Trump insane!
the tepid tone of your tweet isn’t  consistent with the urgency of your situation, you need to defend #PuertoRico with the same passion @CarmenYulinCruz does
You are getting it already. Start deliverjng the products to the people & punish THIEF 
LADRONES A LA CARCEL DEJEN DE ROBAR  LAS AYUDAS 
You are a structured professional, as such, identify, delegate, and follow up.  Arrest any town mayor that is obstructing progress. For PR!
Finally you and your little mayor friend are under investigation for with holding aid from the people of PR. All for political gain!
Mr. Governor, MAKE IT HAPPEN. Take COMMAND and demand ACCOUNTABILITY. The military exist to SUPPORT YOUR MISSION to SAVE EVERY US CITIZEN.
You need to blast trump. Its his selfish, racist attitude
As long as we are second class citizens we be treated as so
Yooooooouuuuu know we’re in the process of trying to cut essential health care for millions and millions of Americans who actually live here right? Lil busy. 
: Get a GO FUND ME page for Puerto Rico - the WORLD will support you over Trump!!
At some point PR gov must take initiative.
A look at the mayor that's leading #HurricaneMaria recovery progress in his Lares, Puerto Rico community. 
Soy estadista, pero usted no nos defiende ante un Presidente insensato. Usted me decepciona!
Now we know how important we are for the US Goverment.
No importa quien este diriguiendo nuestro Puerto Rico, siempre está y habrá el que diga" si yo fuera el Gobernado yo.... "
Its sad that governor and every public official or journalist have to say that Puerto Rico is the US.Texas/Florida didn't have to.@CNN
Mr. Governor, if you dont tag Mr Trump on your tweets you don't give yourself respect, and neither defend Puerto Rico!
We need the @UN to intervene.
Have you seen what the Florida Keys look like? It’s not roses. It takes time. Stop blaming a president. (Who I hate)
pendejo gobernador... cuantos insultos vas a sostener del racista trump?
People in PR live as a developing country, when we are part of the greatest Nation.
Well said! Keep up the great work Mr. Governor! We r not asking for a handout... we r asking for our rights!
isn’t that what they have been getting?    People have been working their ass off...not instant fix
Get Cruz out of there and take the political grandstanding out and they would be getting their help!
SCREAM with your MAYOR!! MAKE NOISE! #STRONGERTOGETHER!! OUR FAMILIES ARE HUNGRY- they do not live in SanJuan and drinking from streams!
You kissed Trump's bottom - and got a mouth-full of his manure.  The people of PR deserve better than a syncophant.   You played the fool.
The people of Puerto Rico saw you snuggle up to Trump. You're done, Ricky.
Honorable Governor R Rossello When I serve in The U.S Marine Corps for over 20 yrs of faithful service to our Nation I am 100% Arroyo PR
so then why donate money to fema.where does the hoed
You should off had started your tweet with the word "We the US citizens of PR..." We means we're all in this together in thought and action
You should have been less politically correct with trump when he was there and stood by @CarmenYulinCruz to ask for what your people need!
With that man you must cut through the red tape. Your people need you and trump is treating you like third class citizens.
Ricky...¡quiero verte encojonao! NO BASTA... Dont Push It part II Now!!

If you care about Puerto Rico you must share! This is what FEMA is really doing in PR.
https://youtu.be/hX0tCZ83z-o 
You should have said this to @realDonaldTrump when he was throwing paper towels to our people!
So all that ass kissing didn't work huh? Should have backed up @CarmenYulinCruz  on a unified front!
We in Puerto Rico, we are Americans
The P.R. government officials are under F.B.I. investigation. Laughable.
Gobernador de mierda.
Hey guys read https://www.google.com/amp/amp.dailycaller.com/2017/10/12/fbi-reviews-allegations-of-puerto-rican-officials-withholding-hurricane-relief/ … Hurricanes happen every year, some are worse.Each mayor control your own office!!
Maybe they'll all move to Florida and tip the state blue.
Where is the military? Where are the helicopters flying aid to all these places without food, water and fuel?
That’s exactly what you were supposed tell to #Trump when he visit the island of PR
Instead of kissing his ass
You're gonna have to be tough my friend and when the opportunity presents itself, don't mince your words!!!  I definitely support You!!
Our thoughts and prayers are with you and our friends in PR!
Gov. U keep UR politeness.Let SanJuan Mayor  make more pleas & anger sometimes.Invite golfers Winters Tournament  from mainland & DT again:)
Your territory seems to be pretty corrupt,including your Mayor
Por supuesto. PR son ciudadanos.
Further:Ask Elon Musk& others to advise on smart plans & financial help:Solar use, Public buses,LowcostTourism&Tourism police-MusicConcerts

Just so you can see them side-by-side, here is Trump on Texas vs PR. Wonder what the difference is. Hmmm… 
Stay on the road of diplomacy. When they go low, you go high Governor.
Start the Gov.P.R.-Relief fund & ask for donations from mainland US & v.soft 10 yr loans. Make Big Rehab transparent  plans
Puerto Rico es Nuestra NACIÓN. GRACIAS a Dios!!!! Acabe de enterarse somos PUERTORRIQUEÑOS. Cualquiera adquiere una ciudadanía. Acomplejado!
As they should 45 sucks
You are getting attention...From the FBI
Trump doesn't have any business interests there, do he doesn't care.
Ahora tu vienes pa’quí con esto? Estás tarde nene. Ya perdiste toda credibilidad
Este tipo...
@CehBeachActual : @NYGovCuomo has started the Empire State Relief/Recovery Effort for Puerto Rico/US Virgin Islands:
I'm sure Cuba would step up if we asked for help.
GET BACK TO ME WHEN PUERTO RICANS PAY FEDERAL TAXES ON PERSONAL INCOME!
When will PR pay taxes
There is a hospital ship off-shore with 800 medical personnel. They have 8 patients.
Then they should pay federal taxes like all Americans. FU
Tell us how to help PR - we are neighbors!
Time to make some pressure @ricardorossello
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Your understating of the crisis in #PuertoRico is not helping. You should DEMAND not request help. You are Americans. Grow a pair.
So many ways to answer this but not enough characters.
Social Media Manager de esta página hazle un favor a la comunicación y taguea a quien va el mensaje. @realDonaldTrump
Ahem governor, have you heard the expression "too little too late"?
@irinapromo remember it's not the mainland it's DA Trump and GOP
