Disappointed but not surprised that @GregAbbott_TX isn't part of this group.
He is a good governor despite being very conservative.He is not an asshole like Brownback,Christie or Le Page
Disagree. Abbott's efforts to limit womens' access to healthcare & oppress equal rights for LGBTQ make him a pretty big jerk, IMHO.
Abortion is NOT healthcare It kills unborn youngest & most innocent of human lives!! Better to have comprehensive clinics than abort mills
Rubbish. Abortion is often healthcare and we have an excellent SCOTUS ruling to regulate it. Most of PP services are unrelated to abortion.
PP counseling and services is strongest method of avoiding unwanted pregnancies and abortions. Wish more understood that.
Sir you are an example for all other politicians. I don't agree with all of your views but I have no doubt that you put The American ppl 1st
Do you agree with any politician, or any person for that matter, on all their views?
I doubt it. Isn't that what democracy is about?
Candidates like Kasich & Romney represent reasonable, fair ideas with good business sense!
Still over here wishing Romney was Sec of State rather than T-Rex Tillerson
Totes
And somehow Iowa's Gov. Kim Reynolds name ia mysteriously off the list.

Oh that's right. Her buddy Terry Branstad was hand picked for China
Translation: 
TIGHT with TRUMP. 
Therefore TIGHT with PUTIN.
Therefore 6 degrees separation CHINA/RUSSIA joint military exercises yesterday?
Yes, but please use Deomcratic
Thank you Governor. Repeal only is an even worse option @senrobportman
Would be helpful if someone could count correctly. The above list has only 10 names.
Thank you for putting what is best for this country over the shameful politics of the GOP.
Its a shame Republican voters didn't choose you as their presidential candidate.
Some of us tried but were overruled by the mob.
I was also one that tried.
Nearly all politicians would have signed this letter. Much too general to give it a positive "thumbs up."
Thank you for engaging Govs in a dialectic council where healthy debate by ppl of divergent opinions & interests reach collective decisions.
Too bad you have zero influence over our GOP senator.  What a disaster for Ohio.
You are the best! Kasich 2020! Kasich Now!
2bad they're just going 2 stop paying ACA premiums 2 guarantee failure. Respect u 4 taking medicaid expansion 4 ur peep 2 bad it'll b wasted
Thank you @GovernorTomWolf.
You are the true leader of the @GOP not those in Congress. Your morals  are what this party was founded upon
Thank you!
Yes and thank you for doing the right thing!
kudos... Mr. @FLGovScott your turn to help the nation...
Disappointed @GovRauner didn't add his name to the list as a bipartisan lawmaker to provide better health insurance to the people of #IL
Affordable Care Act should mean that my premium is affordable.  $900 per month is not affordable for most Americans.
I have to give you credit, Kasich. I don't love all of your opinions, but I appreciate your current effort in regard to healthcare.
Proud of you for standing against your party to protect the healthcare of Americans. I wish you were our president and I am not republican
I'd take someone who makes a grammatical error over a liar, money launderer and traitor any day. IJS
Don't agree with you on everything, but thanks for putting citizens above politics during this whole thing. Ohioans appreciate it.
Ditto.
The adjectival form of "Democrat" is "Democratic"
And that is absolutely the most important thing in this conversation!
The next president should be someone on this list of 11: Discuss
When kasich is most conservative guy there then it's an incomplete list
What is your definition of "conservative" ?  'Twas the Bush 43, Lott and Hastert/DeLay all-GOP team, which turned black ink into red.
Proud you are my governor! Thanks for standing up for us.
Sad that all Iowa's elected officials are not of the same opinion. You're awful on women's issues, but right on this.
Loebsack is awesome. And yeah Chuck & Joni should start their own sitcom about pretending to listen to their constituents about healthcare.
Psssst.... Pet peeve alert: 
Say it right. You're "proud of the 11 Republican and Democratic governors who..." 
Thanks, 
Democratic party
Thank you to the elected officials serving country over a would-be  dictator.
once again you rock
Agree, good for them.  But since when do we accept the right-wing refusal to call them Democratic?  We no longer recognize this as offensive
Keep up the good work sir!
Where are you @GovRauner ?! Speak up! Illinois needs you to support fixing the ACA - NOT repeal!
Good News.
This is nice to see. Congress could start by removing the "opt-out" nonsense from the original #ACA.
Sounds to me, if you could "evolve" in some of your thinking - you'd be a slam dunk as 46... #womenmatterabunch #sodoesmarriageequality
Democratic Mr. Kasich.  Please.
Why didn't @GovMarkDayton sign this?

I'm sure you meant to write "Democratic governors". You people can never stop dog-whistling, can you
Who cares what you're proud of.
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
Thanks @Johnkasich for fighting for those Americans that need help.
Too bad you won't see the Governor of Texas.  Sad!
Good to see Larry Hogan (MD) on that list.
Only Louisiana governor from the south signed letter. Tell you something about southern state politics?

Finally! There's some reason in the GOP working w/ Dems. My God, Trump, McConnell n Ryan r destroying the Republicans w/ their egotism...
Thanks to all the governors. My only regret is that our governor in Illinois didn't participate.
@realDonaldTrump   Why can't we buy healthcare insurance across state lines?   Can anyone answer that?
Its a start and much appreciated
Thank you, Governor.
Please don't send Ohioans voter information to trump.
Thank you governor Kasich  we are proud to live in Ohio!
I thank you, one & all, for doing what is right for the people you swore to protect."Bipartisan" is not evil, those who reject it are 
Thank you ,@GovernorTomWolf!
John, let us know when you're ready to finally cut the cord with nutty Grandpa Reagan OK? #tcot
We may disagree on policy but you've earned my applause and respect today. Well done.
The American people voted for eliminating the additional tax that ACA has imposed, and to stop the expansion of Medicaid. Unacceptable.
governors good,  but how about some medical professionals to speak on what drives the cost of healthcare up so that maybe it can fight that.

And those of us whose governors refused to take a stand, we feel shame. We will remember.
One very smart man who should be the president of the UNITED STATES.I would vote for him in a heart beat
"Democratic".  But sentiment is appreciated.
Proud @JohnKasich my gov NOT typical Repub n so glad. #Resist #NeverTrump #ImpeachTrump REPAIR #ACA
@senrobportman #NoRepeal #Resistance
Please beat trump, kasich 2020
You should join @SDGovDaugaard
It's Democratic John. When you say it wrong, we discount everything else that you've said. Just saying.
@GovMalloyOffice why aren't you on this list?  #joinnow
This is terrific and what I like to see! Thank you all for signing on to this
Thanks to Charlie Baker my Gov.  i have Romney/Obamacare.
I knew Gov Walker (WI) wouldn't be on it.  He's happy to push all of us to being broke, or dead, or both.
Only way to move this issue forward is with input from both parties!
"Congress....controlling costs"???  And you call yourself a Republican Kasich?  I am sorry I ever voted for you..  #RINO #pathetic
*Democratic
Keep up the good work. Thank you 
. Thank you from a former Ohioan, former Democrat, left-leaning Human. I'm looking forward to the team work!!
Agree! To repeal would put panic in America.  Also, Medicaid is an entitlement,
NOT Medicare/SS.  We PAY for that.  We EARN that, not free.
I really do appreciate how you are stepping up and standing up to the tyranny in DC.
Good on you Gov. You should have been the GOP nominee. I am a Democrat. You are about the people-all people.
Give us what congress gets. If it's good enough for them then it's good enough for US citizens. We are all Americans ,at this moment.
@GovHolcomb sign on and protect Hoosiers?
At last, a bipartisan effort by leaders to solve our nations' problems.  What a concept!
It won't go anywhere.
Bravo!  Congress should join with insurers and healthcare providers to look for ways to lower costs, improve quality.
Only 11? That number should be 50.
Sounds very reasonable

DemocratIC, thank you.
Of course no @GovWalker on there  #smh
Ins mkts became "unsustainable" thanks to govt interference. The ONLY way to fix is to #RepealObamacare. Sorry u went for "free" medicaid $
I guess the Obama BLOOD MONEY was too much to pass on! How many BILLIONS  will they split with each other this year? They call it tax!
Lower cost? Make it faster to allow qualified foreign doctors to practice. Shorten the residency for who are already licensed to practice.
Proud to see Gov Sandovals signature there!!
I swear Mr. Kasich you are the man! The only MAN in the Republican Party! Honor dignity pride and morals! The only one that didn't sellout.
BOO ON ARIZONA GOV DUCEY!!!!!!
HE DOSENT SPEAK FOR HIS CONSTITUENTS! NOTHING KNEW THERE!
Can you imagine that this ceramic brained pustule asked us to support him? #maga #plank #watchhimeat
Proud of @GovSandoval and @JohnKasich  for being the shining example of representation over party politics!
Sensible. The only way it can be done. Thank you! Good luck
Just SHUT UP!
Thank you!!!
Do you have any idea how smart you look for not jumping on the #TrumpTrain? You are the only true 2020 #GOP contender. Well played, Gov.
Thank you!
I am proud of those patriots too! They will be favored & remembered. Hope they help with treasonous Trump, he is destroying USA.
Thank you for exemplifying #bipartisan leadership. Let's take the high road you propose, rather than sabotaging ACA as #POTUS favors
Well Done! Your intelligence and leadership were so needed at the top of the GOP ticket-but the "BS-artist" "celebrity" swept things away.
That's "Democratic governors", dipshit.
This is a first step, perhaps, in Republicans looking to do politics in a way that isn't total scorched earth.
Well said Governor ! I have become a big fan of yours , standing up the the so called president who tried to mock you in the debates.
If a Republican had to win,it should have been you. You actually do the work!
Thank you.
Much respect. THIS is how good leaders act!
Could you please just go away Mr. Turtlehead?  YOU are the problem, and reps that support you will soon be voted out.
Betcha Kasich planning a 2020 primary against 
Wonder where GA's shady @GovernorDeal was hiding?
Thank you @JohnKasich.
thank you!!! hope we all survive this one!! make sure does not cut social security !!! fix the dodd frank bill so don't go into a depression
Good job! We all need to think of the people who will be harmed by this bad legislation.
Thanks for the leadership!
And let them see how it is out there 4 people 2 afford healthcare
We America people should have a vote and get thing old people out of congress and send them home and let them pay there own healthcare
You're killing Ohio community colleges....
Thank you for your leadership Gov.  let it go down that a guy from the 'burgh took this awful legislation "dahn"
"Democratic," please, Gov Kasich.  It is a sign of respect to get that right.
Not that hard to work together eh? If only everyone saw it like that. Thank you!
#FixTheACA
Can you govern Texas, too?  Our moronic Governor is clueless about healthcare among many things.
Sad to not see Maine's governor's name here - our state could greatly benefit from having our perspective represented at the national level.
I'm proud to see the Governor from my state of Ohio taking this step. Please get more on board. The republican plan will kill people.
Thanks for once again showing yourself to be the last sane republican.
Shame not to see GA @GovernorDeal on this list.
Would it kill you to say "Democratic"?
Repeal now! Government has no place in healthcare, other than making sure it is safe, effective and accurate.
Thanks for your leadership on this. Wish @GovHolcomb was on this list!
Agree. We must all work together.  Sad when one party using working with other party as a threat to their constituents
YES! My home state of Ohio and my adopted state of Louisiana are both on the right side of this one!
Thank you for putting the American people before politics! #ProtectOurCare
We will stay with Bamacare then!
Slow clap for INCOME TAX HIKES on the MID-CLASS to pay for MediCaid EXPANSION.
With all due respect Gov @JohnKasich, Democrat is a noun and Democratic is an adjective. Please don't use Limbaugh-like subtle insults. 
Maybe @ChrisChristie will join your group if he can get off the beach?
Exactly why I won't vote for you.. You're no republican
Ryan Simmons. Thank God we didn't judging the shape Ohio is in. Bad!!!
@RobertsonHere Thank you! 
It's shameful that Republicans can't support our president TRUMP!
NO FEMALES?
but where is my senator @RonJohnsonWI?! I thought he had a backbone?
Thank you for doing what is right for Ohioans and Americans. You have been outspoken about your opposition. This OH Dem is pleased 
I applaud you and the other Governors.  Exactly what America is yearning for and needs.  Bipartisan pooling of wisdom and Governor input.
Yay!!! Bipartisanship in the states. Well done, Sir.
THANK YOU.  Many of us out here know you had a huge part in this.  I appreciate it more than I have the right words to say.
Thank you.  And aren't you glad you turned down Don Trump, Jr's offer to you re VP?  I credit you for not wading into that pit.
Thank you Governor Kasich
And this is one of the reasons you had my vote for president Mr Kasich.
Thank you @LarryHogan for signing this, @RepAndyHarrisMD could learn from you #flipthefirst @AllisonforMD
Medicare for All!
Thank you for the great work you've done and continue to do for ALL Ohioan's!!!!
And one independent!
You have bad ideas about voter fraud
It's Democratic governors. Democratic. Got it? It's not difficult.
Great message!
Eleven sets of #heads #hearts and #guts !  #CountryOverParty #PeopleBeforePolitics #Kasich4Us #Kasich2020 #MAGA #bipartisanship #DumpTrump
This is how government should work!!!! Hope they start listening to you - and to reason!
you just ended any chance of EVER becoming President.

thank you!

now gfy, pal.
Glad to see sanity can prevail. Thank you Governor Kasich and all others.

Healthcare "reform" needs to ABSOLUTELY be a Bi-Partisan effort. Anything less is not the best our elected leaders can do!!
Thank you, Governor Kasich.
Now tell Trump and GOP to stop the FAKE NEWS that the ACA is collapsing.. total lies, the GOP Red States want the ACA to fail!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you!
@GovRauner What exactly are you doing to protect your constituents? Oh that's right, nothing. Can't wait to vote you out in 2018!!
Stabilize costs and the rest will follow.
Great idea!
You are a has been.
Nice work John. I appreciate your leadership and look forward to your run for President in 2020....
@GregAbbott_TX abbot SHAME ON YOU
Lying @johnkasich is ISIS!! @potus 
Thankful for your leadership. Wish we had some of that here in IL!
