By a group who have NEVER represented my & ppl like me.
Didn't they hear what people said the last time this came up? Are they deaf or just stupid?
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/07/obamacare-is-failure-no-republicans.html …
Once punted to the states, #blockgrant funds will get manipulated by inexperienced/corruptible local legislators and governors. See #TANF
REPUBS IN CONGRESS SOLD THEIR POSITIONS TO BIG MONEY& ARE NOW SLAVES TO WEALTHY & CORPS! THEY ARE USELESS IN CONGRESS UNABLE TO REPRESENT US
But the GOPers own health plan is exempt from that rule. Bit rich, innit?
They have gold plated insurance and WE PAY FOR IT for cripes sake. Seems like we're stupid too for re-electing them.
Is that the horrible excuse for a human Rick Santorum with his hand in the health care bill? PA turfed him out of the Senate. Zombie.
What happened to the WILL OF THE PEOPLE? THERE IS NO" WILL OF THE BELTWAY ZEALOTS"!!!!!! #Cult45  @LindseyGrahamSC
The GOP is absolutely evil. Disgusting behavior.
Ex-US Senators #GOP want to get in on taking health insurance coverage from Americans https://twitter.com/ChrisMurphyCT/status/910170218999242752 … #wiunion #papolitics #mapoli
OF COURSE, THEY ALL SEE THE DOLLAR SIGNS & ARE ROTTEN SUBHUMAN BASTARDS!!

It's hard to articulate words as a fake doctor, so you use a meme.? Sorry big words are hard. Step out of moms basement maybe?
You're right, Lexi. I don't like you.

But ya gotta admit, the meme is pretty good ;)
I wouldn't want you to like me. Don't run around with your type.
Likewise ;)
and with block grants at the state level, lobbyists are relying on a weaker regional press to investigate shenanigans in 50 separate states.
Surely CAP, whose CEO worked for Obama and Hillary, will provide a non biased analysis on a Rep healthcare bill. Wait, they didn't? Wow. 
stuff like that is fun to say (whether about CAP or Cato etc...) but w/o scrutinizing the methods it's just a thoughtless response
Methodology can be discredited by the bias of the organization who produced the results. Especially when the data only supports their bias.
well I agree with ya Mark Anthony — no dispute there. It's just that - ya know - saying so & demonstrating so are two different things.
"can be" (not 'always') being the operative phrase here. Bias alone is not a guarantee of inaccurate or false results. Maybe a factor.
Who pays them is important. The 'research' done by these organizations are self-proclaimed estimates. Bias alone, no. Extreme bias, yes.
self-proclaimed? Lol yes their results come out of thin air. You caught them!

..& oh no not the EXTREME bias. Oh no you're on to them now!
They literally say in the article their findings and analysis are based solely on their own estimates. Mr. "you never read anything"
repubs have long put rich bef poor, should all be ashamed abt the misery, suffering & human strife they're willing to bring to their states
Why are they doing this to the good people of their country? It makes absolutely NO sense at all. They are the leaders...they need to lead.
Will you please tell @SenJohnMcCain brain cancers are #preexistingconditions before he votes yes for this mess? #VoteNo on #GrahamCassidy
Doesn't apply to him. Only to people like my friend's son who is blind in one eye.
They exempt themselves anyway. :-/
They will go down in history as the worst greedy evil GOP ever. Their own bloodline generation will be ashamed and embarrassed
#VOTE2018, #FLIPTHEHOUSE, #VOTE2018&2020 , #STOPGOP ,#REGISITER2VOTE ,#stopGrahamCassidy #stopGrahamCassidy
#They don't care , just screw Obama . 8 years non stop !
come on you can buy insurance any time you want
Hey, @ChrisMurphyCT, never, ever trust @LindseyGrahamSC. He's nothing but a riverboat gambler. He'll fleece anybody for his agenda. #PunkSC
But @BillCassidy said that's not true?  Would he be intentionally misleading the American people? Say it ain't so...... @jimmykimmel
Stop #Trumpcare
What did I ever do to you guys?

Look my son in the eyes and tell him that he's fought so hard to be here but sorry, you're just not worth it anymore. I dare you. 
Look at all the wealthy well-insured white men supporting this garbage. #SaveACA #noTrumpBS NO #GrahamCasiddy
It took 234 years for US to pass the ACA- why can't we kee what's in place and fix what isn't working- like an iPhone update?
Tell your representatives to vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy “health care” bill.
(202) 224-3121
Best of all, call local offices - local numbers available here
Thank you!
This depicts the ugly faces of greed and lies. No one can cheat when it comes to what your character looks like: you either look good or bad
And those guys have the gall to call themselves "Americans". 
They are in direct opposition to the values of our Founding Fathers.
I know Sen Carper is opposing as well as @ChrisCoons & @RepBRochester. thank you for standing up for a basic human right.
@jeffgoldesq Why are Repubs so against people
having healthcare? Don't they want healthy people around there 
Food, Children
how dare any of you to take away my ability to get affordable HC. so you choose to take everything I have & put me on medicaid.
Is that Ricky Santorum on the far right?  I thought he was back in the private sector.
Pick ur heads up boys u r about to commit white genocide, be loud and proud, oh and I see the "christian" over there on the right, congrats!
I you should step up and pay for them. The world would see you as a true hero. Your name would go down in history!
Why are they so determined to ruin people's lives, just can't understand the evildoers.  We need YOU, @ChrisMurphyCT 2020!
I loooove the diversity of this photo.  That's what is right with USA! oh wait ...#resist #TheResistance
The GOP are making America great again by starving the beast (the one from whom they are paid) and tossing the needy to the wolves.
Dr Cassidy is about to violate his Hippocratic Oath!
@neeratanden This will NOT make America great.
Is this unconstitutional?  All Americans are viewed equal in the Constitution and they are eligible for equal access to health care.
As a resident of Md I am asking who controls the block grants for the states? How do Americans make sure it goes to Americans 1st?
@LindseyGrahamSC You are certainly turning out to be a bad guy. Horrible bill that will hurt many people. Rushed through because you know it
Ugly!  And God don't like ugly!
GOP Sen from Wyoming just lied about this.
People don't be FOOLED by these GOP THUGS their bill will kill all of us I say they get the same SHITTY HC they want to deliver us let's see
Sen Heller w/ his head down as usual
LOOK at us in NV Senator
Disconnects phones in DC
Won't clear messages@ offices>NV
then claim <# calls
Heads down boys = you can't look America in the eye
No town halls touting your bill GOP ? America would boo you 
off the stage+YOU KNOW IT
I don't know how you do it Chris.  I don't know how you sit in the same room with these people and not lose your mind.
Not discrimination,it's a money maker for http://Ins.Co 's Regulate Ins,and you regulate cost!
Please, just shake hands with the other side, come together and fix the ACA. #SaveTheACA
They don't look very happy about what they're doing, do they?
What about throwing the insurance industry into turmoil one month before open enrollment starts?
Do you know how insurance works? The higher the risk, the higher the premium. If not it's a handout, not insurance. #GrahamCassidyBill
Oh my god! What is wrong - seriously wrong- with these deluded mean nasty people??
I think it is time to start protesting these senators homes. They do not seem to listen so we should take it to their neighborhoods.
Get this onto CNN!
Cassidy look happy
Guess its his dream of kill Millions of ppl
Graham is pushing off responsibly 2state gov
He needs to go bunch of  Pos
2018...it's time to give the GOP early retirement
Sen. Graham said "If we believe Gov't closer to the people is the best Gov't, then why not healthcare" Then he should be for single payer.
Very sad we have such heartless people in our Congress we can only wish the decisions they make will hurt someone they love do to sickness
@LindseyGrahamSC #voteout #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
..With AFFORDABLE QUALITY CARE...
WE BUILT THIS NATION!!
Your threat is Fiscal Year Deadline on Sept 30th----
Americans face a greater threat -  An Early Death without quality..
To the members of House & Senate:
"Poor Planning on your part, Doesn't constitute an Emergency on Our Part!!"  
.
And no individual or employer mandates. 
Back to those who pay for insurance paying higher prices because those without insurance won't pay.
Graham, I'm ashamed of you
Is stupid a pre-existing condition?
So you're best to stop this!
Ooopppsss I thought you were speaking about the other discrimination, the mention of Federalism by Lindsey. Well, it is a racist HC LAW.
Thanks, Senator Murphy.  Please run for president in 2020.  We like your intelligent and articulate point of view.
What can we do???
Get on the phone. Call your sens and  rep every day. Get your friends on board
Exactly what elected position does Prick Santorum hold?

#GrahamCassidy
CALL ALL UNDECIDED GOP
https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …
Where Republicans stand on Graham-Cassidy @CNNPolitics …
That would mean that each state got to decide for itself.  what's wrong with states making their own choices?  Answer:  NOTHING
Not it's some sort of civil action? You're pitiful
Look at the mean ass faces on these guys they r obviously out to screw us They Do Not Care no CBA score 
Oh no.  That's one of the worst changes
Enough of this Murphy. What about the reality of those who lost healthcare under expensive Ocare & have existing conditions? Don't care?
Children will die. Over an inhaler for asthma. Insulin for diabetes. Surgery for a heart defect. This is #Murder.
Oh no
This cannot stand.



What a shame... how would McCain do ( your friend) if he needed to change his insurance?


Jester's Court

Insurance is about risk management. Pre-existing conditions should be insured in an elevated risk pool, with naturally higher premiums.
How about all the Self Induced conditions,Why should I have to pay for that?
Car insurance is higher if you're  younger, life insurance is higher if you're older.   And CT won't let you shop out of state for health
What's wrong with this photo? TODO! ALL older white men - where are the young progressives & minorities? This is unacceptable! SMUG!
Time to vote these suckers out of office. Tick tock, tick tock!
Shame on all of you who vote for this bill.  Ever heard of Karma?
My son, he's 13, I'd type 1 diabetic- this destroys any future he could hope for
Fight for usChris!!!!!
The health care Putin wants for America.
They just don't stop with their stupid repeal attempts
"O, Lord, let it never be said that we don't want the sick to die faster, after bankrupting their families. Amen."
—Likely Prayer @ GOP Mtg
Ppl need to realize pretty much everything is a preexisting condition.  This bill will raise everyone premiums at any time
Ppl read the bill!!! This is bad!! Read!!!! And calll!!!!!!!
maybe they do have some shame , they ALL look ashamed except #grahm // #GrahamCassidy
Please impeach Trump! He's a bad joke!
Unamerican Senators.
Under #GrahamCassidy, Americans with preexisting conditions could see their premiums and deductibles skyrocket: https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/09/18/439091/graham-cassidy-aca-repeal-bill-cause-huge-premium-increases-people-pre-existing-conditions/ …
Sad
The truculent rapscallion & unethical masters of sophistry within the @GOP continue their attack on our healthcare system.  SHAME!
It's disgusting how the people who are suppose to advocate for and represent the American people are doing the complete opposite
You mean the elected Republican officials that took over during Obama's time in office? Those representatives?
Yes, the GOP and the current administration.
So basically the people that need healthcare the most aren't going to be able to afford it 

Sadly I wouldn't use the English and Welsh NHS as a good example, that git wanted it private. Thank bleep I'm Scottish, different NHS here x
Jeez don't get sick ppl
Repubs are constantly loosing their stars and stripes!!
And since this has come about I have slept...umm not really bc I am one of the pre existing people. Guess my life is worthless to them.
These people are immoral. Christians, I think not!
Health care vs Wealth care
5 old white men...1 not even in office anymore...Made their fortunes as civil servants..couldn't care less about people..property of Ins. Co
@SenAlexander   @SenBobCorker 
As RN w/ acute care hospital, I see the awful results when insurers financially penalize those w/ pre-x cond
Please tell us WHY they would want to raise this issue again. Most Americans favor at least the "pre-existing conditions" part of the ACA!!
Very sad that Republicans don't care about the people who voted for them
Fight this harder then anything you've fought for !
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorCassidy I have preexisting condition - I am old. Will I be able to buy food & insurance no matter where I live?
The Republicans want the poor and middle class to die why else would they do this
How many of these senators have health concerns that would be called "preexisting" if they ever spent anytime off health insurance?
Both monkey houses need to think long & hard about passing this bill, it is like a death sentence for some. You were voted in & can be fired
Healthcare is fundamental to human rights. There is no neutral. @SenJohnMcCain your vote on #Aca will be your legacy.
Death Care.
CAN YOU SHARE A COPY OF THE BILL SO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CAN READ IT?
Oh no! Do you mean like obamacare did and still DOES?
compared to the 20-30-and 50 percent increases we suffered under your plan?
Why are there so many "southern White men" eager to do harm to the majority in their home states?
This is how we do it in Canada. This one small premium gives unlimited surgeries and lab tests and dr visits with no copay
Not an option in the US we have more takers than makers along with greedy political heads that want to get paid to do nothing.
Meanwhile!! 
For generations, ppl have fought to protect democracy. Now it’s our turn. Watch Morgan Freeman explain Russia’s plot to undermine the U.S. 
Get the fire extinguisher out Murphy's pants are on fire again.....remember,@radioviceonline is still willing to have you on air...
I guess the end game of the repubs is to kill all middle class.  Problem: if that happens, who will pick up the tax burden?
Kind of like charging drunk drivers more for car insurance?  Is that discrimination?
Drunk drivers CHOOSE to be drunk drivers, nobody CHOOSES to have an illness. What a truly stupid thing to compare it to!
Some drivers are higher risk like some have higher risk factors. Life ins is cheaper in your 20s vs 70s.  Why? Credit scores vs rates. Etc.
Shame on them. Why do they want to hurt so many people. Could be their relatives. Don't they care? What's wrong with them!
That's turning the clock back to harsh fiscal times for families with ongoing medical needs.
quit lying to the people murph
Quit bullshitting, Putin lackey.
Maybe in violation of Civil Rights Act and/or ADA?
GOP Dream Bill ....why would Murkowski, Murray and McCain even consider it after rebuke of arguably lesser draconian bill "skinny bill" ?
And I was almost starting to like @LindseyGrahamSC
yeah, me too Shana.
