Change your profile !!! You are no longer President!!!
Trump isn't a president. But FYI, former presidents are still titled as president. So, he is still Mr. President Obama. 
Trump is president you snowflake.  Get over it. Gonna be a long 8 years for you
He's a traitor, racist, thief, crybaby, bully, misogynist, pu**y grabbing sexist, cheap skate and dead beat but he's no president.
Yet you can't prove one word you said
Please come back. The Captain of the TITANIC is running the White House & we are sinking. I will bake cookies if you come back. Final offer.
what are you smoking?
I do not smoke, drink to excess or have ingested ANY illegal drugs all my life. Can you say the same?
Barck Obama. Health. Facebook
 Care had been about
County  has. Sesame street the
How about making 760. amonth and being on disability and can't afford to pay into Medicare !!! Me & My daughter have to eat i worry 
How about working. Don't have children if you can't afford to educate them and feed them
Well i have 3 children and i'm very responsible , when i had my children i was married to their father . for 24 yrs. Things happened ..
I pray everyday that i stay healthy can't go the the Dr. I've had a spinal fusion and can't get checkups or get meds. to help !!!! 
I'm so sorry to hear that. Wishing you all the best. I can only imagine the pain and anxiety that causes. 
Thank you !! I had great insurance with my ex husband but with divorce it left me with nothing  in a couple of years i hope i can get ins.
I think u will. Divorce is always harder on the woman financially than the man. I have confidence things will work in your favor. Good luck!
Thank you so much 
Go away. You screwed up this country sooo bad already. Now your arrogance won’t let you stop and go home.

God bless you and your dear ones, Mr. President.
The American taxpayers burdened with poor financial oversight & greedy politicians like yourself are unable to afford our own care as a result of your lack of understanding the existing healthcare infrastructure. We need to evolve healthcare first.
Yeah, right you lying sack of crap. "You can keep your doctor and your plan." A big slush fund to insurance companies on my taxpayer dime. Shows a lot about your character, Mr. Obama!
Is that why I can't get treatment? Is that why I can't afford Obama care? I tried..but no doctor would see me with it. I had to drop it and then got fined . No...i have no treatment. My husband will die cause they refuse to do surgery because of your Obama care. Fk your Obamacare
奥巴马
Good Bless
then why has my health insurance tripled under Obama Care? Why do you allow illegal immigrants to automatically register to vote? They shouldn't be registering to vote at all You Hate America You brought back racism hard, Michele hates white people and it shows so sad!!
Amen
.@BarackObama #getcovered .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
happy
I know you deserve a break and everything but everyone needs you so come on back, sir.
@BarackObama Miss u 44.
Well now that you are gone our country's character has been called into question.
then why did you lie about it? We want to know.
We should have had universal healthcare long ago and it's still a distant dream. What does that say about the character of our country?
We will always appreciate your decency.. Especially nowadays.. Thank u for ur service!
BTW, the many veterans who died waiting for care, well their families are glad you are gone, as I am.
We know. But there are so many in our country who are empty of character and will rubber stamp anything the current party in power does.
Exactly Mr Obama
Thank you !!! Our national character should reflect kindness and compassion by ensuring all Americans have health coverage!
Ok, Mr. If You Like Your Plan You Can Keep It. Whatever you say!! #RepealAndReplace
I am not an American, but you have been a great leader and I'm sure people miss you.
Thank you for representing all of us with respect and dignity.
This is the biggest debacle in the history of the United States. Can't you figure out away to come back already?
If you haven't read the entire bill yet here it is.
Our current president is the biggest joke in the history of America and there really isn't much we can do about it except for wait
Yep!! Only 3+ years to go!! Suck it up buttercup. Get out and vote rather than spend time creating twitter accounts to bash conservatives
3+ more yrs.... You're really hanging on, aren't you??? Lol!!!
I'm sorry your president isn't black anymore. And I'm sorry, 7+ years. Total of 8. You know he can run 2 terms right?
Just following the current political climate. The previous admin created Trump and the current divide There is no denying that home slice.
Than you
Then why did you give charity care (obama care-people didnt pay their bills) to more people than ever    You said bye bye to charity care
Thanks for continuing to speak out.
Miss ya buddy.


God I miss having a leader in charge.
You lied to the people about lower prices, keeping your dr., etc... while you were in office. Now that you're out - SHUT UP! Osamacare sux!!
To fix things well lets with this Obama care needs help from those I've spoken to states need to help in Medicaid Im sorry u don't get it
Thank goodness finally replacing the failed Obamacare

But your policy failed and continues to fail. The best thing is to repeal it. Let families make their own choice 
remember HRC said...
That's why he is Still My President. I Won't Let Go!
Tee's, Mugs, and more http://www.PoliticallyComical.com  
Order something from our site and I will throw a few gifts in for you. Thanks for the retweet.
That u blew big time
should still be a President!! will always be my Presidnet
Are you listening @jeremycorbyn @theresa_may #jeremyhunt #SaveOurNHS??

Low income families can not afford Obamacare. You never truly understood that!
How we miss your class and grace.
you stole from shareholders to pay for obamacare subsidies.    

character?

https://twitter.com/FreeFannie/status/870431624780894209 … … …

#FannieGate
#NotAHedgeFund
https://twitter.com/jerome_corsi/status/878661805656211456 …

#FannieGate
Obama STOLE $266 from FANNIE FREDDIE to pay insurance co subsidies Congress refused to fund under Obamacare https://www.infowars.com/treasury-report-obama-stole-from-fannie-freddie-investors-to-fund-obamacare/ … THEFT
Ever needed to know when your battery is 100%?
I have exactly zero need for this.
Oh ya, you're the medical scientist who told us we had racism in our DNA, told us we'd keep our plan, doctors, our premiums -$2500 #Phony
Full text of @BarackObama comments
thank you  please come back......
He cant.  Hopefully former flotus will come back as potus.
while the American people need her. I would never wish that upon her.
They would never stop hating her. 
I would like Michele Obama on the Supreme Court. She would make a great Justice a perfect fit.
they cant stop hating her now. Cause she dared to want our kids to eat healthy!!!
That wasn't it.. It was more " who does this black lady think she is telling me what to do" SAD!
I live in rural red OH and you have it EXACTLY RIGHT...
Sad isn't it? Deep down they know it was for the benefit of the kids.. But they saw it as a black woman telling them what to do
Said the most pro-abortion president in history who passed the most pro-abortion #HealthcareBill in history. #Liberalism
who passed a bill that effectively LOWERED abortion to the lowest rates in our history.
expect it to go back up as we roll back birth control access and education goes down the toilet.
TRUMP, a Narcissistic Bully, REFUSES to LISTEN to the PEOPLE that will be HARSHLY AFFECTED by his actions .We NEED the DEMOCRATS back, HELP.
Democrats could care less. They pander to people to get what they are after VOTES & $$$. Especially Clinton's
@seanlegacy  So sorry Ur mind is closed to all the values, that USA  has to uphold. Oh & sir, to be a Democrat is 2b,1 of the working-class.
hahahahaaaaa that is funny. FYI.. I am not closed minded. Neither party is 100%, however that is exactly what occurred with KILLARY
Then, how come you didn't have Congress and yourself get the same healthcare you forced us to get?!?!
Those of us who have been more fortunate have a moral and ethical responsibility to help those in need.
Sad that you have to even say these words to these so called Republican "christians"
Government is not charity.
Have a seat somewhere
Typical. No argument. Just telling me to shut up. My point stands. Government is not a charity. Get out of my pocket and pay for yourself.
Nobody is in your pocket. You don't even understand how the ACA works. Go have several seats.
I used to work in the health insurance industry. This is not health insurance! It's a scam!
Sure you did. And this monstrosity just rolled out isn't? It's a tax break for the wealthy, you got played fool.
The character of our nation is reflected through our health care. Most hospitals were founded by Christian groups.Our Character is Christian
Also mostly white people. Are we a white nation too?
We were founded by white Christians w/foresight for all. Our constitution w/bill of rights makes us a nation of citizens from the human race
You have ZERO CREDIBILITY when it comes to #healthcare you failed HACK. You DESTROYED our system you ignorant tool.
Elaborate please. Oh wait, you can't.
He destroyed healthcare  you idiot. He LIED that we'd save money. He LIED that we wouldn't lose health plans or doctors you ignorant ass
So tell me again how this new bill corrects those faults... I'll wait.
So much #winning. Muslim ban? Struck down. Tax reform? Nonexistent. Ya'll are are joke and we're laughing.
Caring about the health of its citizens should be the first goal of any modern, great country
Only in socialist countries where healthcare is rationed out. Keep the government out of healthcare. Healthcare is not a right.
Ok, healthcare isn't a right. Let's say you choose not to get any then get in a terrible accident and need lifesaving surgery. What then?
Let his butt die because he believes healthcare isn't a right. So very sad..no emphaty
I dont fear death... living is a joy, but if God calls me home then my witness here on earth is over & my new life begins. GreatExpectations
Or. more likely, join the universe via worms. But what is the connection to #GreatExpectations for such a normal outcome?
I have met my redeemer, I fellowship with him and it is his peace in every situation that calms me. Sad that so many refuse to seek God.
So as a Christian, what do you say to the person who can't afford health insurance but needs life saving healthcare. Too bad?
Kakaj
Then why don't we have universal health care after 8 years of your presidency? Another fake leftist taking insurance money.
America needs you!
Speak for yourself. He's a fucking criminal. Open your eyes Amber
How about this. Beat me in HORSE and i will vote for....? You left a mess Mr. Community organizer. Get it done DT
President Obama knew that his health care plan wasn't gonna be repealed or replaced! Obama is a straight up OG!
Just talked w/ u former chief of staff,the current Mayor of Chicago,on the crimes issue in the city.I expressed my idea on the trouble & a
possible troubled 'biz' there.The question s if v can handle that?&get a better plan&solution for the city for a hometown. @HillaryClinton
3/6 Only buffoons would be so blindly loyal. Whatever victory you think you have, history will inevitably know that you are king of buffoons
JOU HAVE NO CARACTER WHEN JOU HAVE BE STILL JOUR TIME IS OVER. RIEKI PETERS
We need you to start doing townhalls to defend ACA & tell people how trump & the GOP are sabotaging it. trump is afraid to do townhalls

Push for public option then idiot. How do u like your free govt healthcare?
Cool story. Obamacare sucks... So....
There is need to get Trump educated about this. We can't play politics with health care.
Too bad you created a system where people have to pay higher premiums than their mortgages. You almost destroyed America. #MAGA
This tweet is aging well!
Really miss you man..all the best to you and your lovely faimaly.
Yeah, it's all about lining your pockets to support your racist wife. Hiding much, Barry? Your legacy is dead. Your admin was a joke.
Where is a #FluxCapacitor when you need one?

Thank you for the ACA.
A good measure of...
Truth 
But it is not working 
Costs are to high 
Too many gaps in coverage 
Gov now has too much of our personal info
Lol! So laughable! It's about making it unaffordable stamping your name on it and putting tax payer money in your pockets. #November

Am A Kenyan proud of you I have named my son after you  jakogelo.
also I like you
You right please help me to become a greater president than you was. Yes you can!!! bestserne@gmail.com 
H1
cant really denay that NOW @HillaryClinton  WAR with USA senate for what @KingJames ???? HATE
Healtgcare was better before obama Care. I was paying $36.00 for 3 people now because of you!!! Im paying $784.00 a month. Where the justice
"Obamacare" remains the law of the land!!! Thank you for setting the best idea forward and helping my family so tremendously, @BarackObama!
My family thanks you & the ACA for taking much worry away as we raise our lovely MD fragile son. Too bad I've had to fight so much for him
still faking it big time  need new writers
1 Pres @ a time doesn't mean u have no power. U still hold President before your name if someone with your favorability
Thank you Mr. PRESIDENT!!!!
Noooooo, it's about free stuff and buying votes, but u never were too creditable with ur words. "Keep ur Dr. Keep ur plan."
Bless you @BarakObama bless you
We felt secure and safe, when you were in the WH.
The American people had a strong leader we could depend on. We miss you!
You have NO CLUE #obamacareFAIL
Giving reparations to the descendants of African slaves would also promote the character of our country. Don't you think?
Please Barry Hussein don't talk to us about the character of our country- it's a great time in USA now that you are out of office
Agreed
Yes health care is failing all American Citizens 
Exactly when do you finally shut up
Our character is gone.  The gerrymandering makes it impossible for the majority to have a voice any longer.  Come back Mr. President!
Well when the top 15 CEO's associated with the health BUSINESS earning $300 000 000 let us start there!
Happy birthday!! Miss u lots! 
#AntiZionist #ChristopherBollyn http://www.bollyn.com/   RE: #WTC911 #WarOnTerror #Zionism #Neocons #WMDs #War Etc!
All you trump haters, give me one example of why you hate him.

LIED to the taxpayers about Obamacare. Your Legacy line "If you like your health care you can keep your health care" What I remember you by.
Its about lining your pockets you mean and those of the traitors on the hill. Your legacy? The #Uniparty that we are busy ferreting out.
Dadua
visionary like u sir may continue thier work for the welfare for the underprivileged we trust u
yea right. All you globalist believe in decreasing population, except for yourselves of course.
Hello do you know djadja dinaz ?
We miss your character... dignity, mirth, eloquence, thoughtfulness, moderation, loyalty, warmth, grace, intellect, work ethic, empathy...
It's about making working Americans pay for non working Americans, and now illegals, just so Dems get the vote. Not working.
Love <3
Miss your leadership and your American spirit!
Hello your Excellency! I am a Catholic Priest and I need your attention please. Here is my email address; juliabsa@yahoo.com
You were just the token president just like on South Park the character token
Your "healthcare" bill crammed down our throats was the biggest joke ever played on the American people!!
Sure was. Eight years of hell

Soon No one will ever know Who one failed pres obama existed .....Bye failure obamcare n michelle
Thank you for healthcare that bleeds us to death. UNAFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE DISASTER. How do we get out of this mess.

I am hoping US senators will do the right things. Ever since your term expired, there are too many dramas.
Does not say much about the character of your country then.
No where in the constitution does it say anything about healthcare. If you want socialized healthcare move your commie ass to Venezuela
The character of our country is seriously flawed.The GOP should be embarrassed to try and pass this" wealth care bill" yet they are proud.
I agree sir!
all  the best
do you ever get tired of listening to the lies and bs that comes out of your mouth?  we do
You are giving HC to everyone not working at the expense of those working.
Sure is. Obama’s redistribution of wealth.
X-EX PESIDENT!!!!!! No longer president!!!!!! #obummer
thank you obama
Happy Birthday to an amazing president, role model.
that is right and there are MANY concerns now, what can we do?
You and Hillary Clinton really f'd this country up. In the process you let Hillary steal  funds from taxpayers for the Clinton Foundation.

Sir I am new to tweeting.  Just want to say hello and thanks for being our president.  You and your family are missed.  Bobby

You are so sweet @BarackObama I love you
Sadly GOP are determined to kill fellow Americans -by the millions they want us dead?? Why?
No More Clinton's! & No More Obama's! Remember when Obama said Trump  will never be President? Bahaha! God Bless President Donald J. Trump!
Government provided health care is a Communist Russia idea. @SenJohnMcCain I hope @realDonaldTrump campaigns against your next re-election.

Had good health plan. Not the top best but good affordable insurance. Then lost it because of Obama. Deductable doubled as did premium.

Yeah it's about government taking over our lives!!
And didn't Trump say "I’m not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid. Every other Republican is going to cut"  republican bill cuts it by $800B
Have you been listening to Trump and the things he says?? Seriously?
Are you really going to blame 400 years if killing on someone who was elected for 8 years? Ridiculous. Trump incited violence during cam
Legend
Your joking right? Oh that's right the joke was on us when u said we could keep our doc..gee thanks o bummer my prem is 37 % higher
