ALL 48.
Keep up the good fight please.
You keep fighting, we keep voting :)
Or fix it while it's in the senate.
Oh poor Democrats, as if their signatures would change anything in the Republican power play agenda. Work harder during election time.
Now you want to work on it  you realize we will not accept the garbage you shoved on us under #Obamacare  work with the GOP and get it right
As for me, I am deeply a democrat; this is why I am in no way a socialist. Democracy and socialism cannot go together. #PCFACHISTS
Anything with those signatures is a joke
This is your failure. Why didn't you ask for the GOP input when you sheepishly voted it in during the middle of the night with no GOP votes?

Jeff Denham of CA-10 had the gall to tell his constituents it was a bi-partisan bill.

ACA is garbage...
Universal care for all fund it thru the legalization of marijuana no higher taxes for anyone and states can add their tax as well
@SenJohnMcCain in case you missed it
Obama Care is failing! So, work with the Republicans to come up with a better health care system for the people, and stop the partisanship.
The Democrats did nothing to repair the failing ACA for 7 years. Republicans are making an attempt at fixing it while DEMs complain.
DO NOT BAIL THEM OUT! Will Dems ever learn? They'll take ALL the credit and spin you to be the bad guys AGAIN! #LetThemFail
If one side fails, we all fail. This is not something we should fight over, we have to work together to prosper.
I don't disagree but sometimes you have to take a step backwards to take two steps forward. Dems have proven that nice is losing strategy.
Current system is failing and crashing. Insurance companies and doctors bailing out. Health care & treatment are a joke: a cattle run.
#FullRepeal
Obamacare is a failure. Anything is better than that mess. Bring on TrumpCare!
You lost the election.
Terrific. Then you should be equally ready to work on getting the new bill straight because you want what is best for ALL Americans. Frauds
How can you "reform" a law when it says within the law "no part of this law may be changed"?
Wouldn't be here if you had read OCare legislation before passing it.Stay out of our HC. REPEAL ALL OF OBAMACARE!!
Why did we not do that 8 yrs ago? Y'all are clueless work together for real and stop the BS!
#singlepayer
Well get that number to 51 if you want it to mean anything.
Thank you! :)
DEMS LIE
And add some women to the panel!! Old white men deciding on women's healthcare.. why would I be worried ???
Of course, they Dems, dont know this. Just pass the bill before you read it. We can read the bill after it is passed. Follow the Dems lead
Leverage the people! Propose a plan to fix Obamacare. Get buy in from the people. Force Republicans to fight policy, not Democrats.
Like you did when you shoved that shit Obama care down our throats. #Dummys #MAGA
#ACA and #ACHA are both unsustainable and should be dropped.
Yet, the @SenMajLeader said "all 52" Senators would be working on the bill. #bipartisan
Like obama n you Dims worked w/GOP 2009? NOT! You screwed us royally, lost of Drs, insane higher cost, lost employers HC!Drop dead Demrats!
Yeah we r going to reform! Health care by voting ur asses out of office!
You sold your souls for an #ACA you didn't read, and now wouldn't repeal it if God spoke directly to you. What a bunch of fools. #Trumpcare
Ahhh.  Someone is listening.  Thank you.
If people have to spend so much more on Health care costs, doesn't that completely counteract GOP's trickle down tax cut theory??
Thank U! As U kno,3 moderate GOPers must turn.Do your research.The 3 whose constituency is most dependent on ACA.We'll work on social media!
Fire murderer Trump and GOP!!!  Protect your life....protect your family!!!
Senate GOP's: this heathcare bill affects me, Vets, children, mothers, fathers. Why can't you work\w the DEM's? It's not about you.
THANK YOU. THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT MUST HAPPEN.
No we want it repealed! Put it back like it was b4 Obamacare and get the damn gov OUT of the insur biz.
Thank you!
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP So what, this isn't a request to work with you. Are you ignoring it like it was sent to you You just lied to people
demos should be pro life.  lux abortions should be taxed. ectopic pregnancy isn't viable right so that shouldn't be called an abortion.
Now that you see it's about to be dismantled, you want to be bipartisan. Y'all still haven't learned your lesson.
How about we get some female input on a new Healthcare bill? I'm tired of men trying to legislate my uterus! 
#iamapreexistingcondition
This is something you guys should have done 3 years ago instead of arguing the entire time it's so "helpful".
fingers crossed
@nycsouthpaw how about removing your exemption.  What's good for we commoners should be just as good for you.
#squadgoals
How about you dems. keep your hands out of pockets. There are enough people on welfare. Thanks to obama.
It's Obama's fault the economy crashed months before he was elected?
@SenateGOP
#Trumpcare would up costs & reduce care for millions -all 48 of us wrote urging the GOP to drop repeal & work w/ us to reform current system 
@elizabethforma @HillaryClinton @SenSchumer screw TS let GOP bill go thru Implode.Focus on insurin GOP DT dont rig 2018 ballots
I've not seen any yet.
Thank you! And see if you can convince at least 3 Rs to crossover and stay put. HOLD THAT LINE!
Your system failed.
gotta love letters passively sent to the opposition that clearly isn't interested with bipartisan solutions. this'll get it done, yes indeed
Didn't these same people tell us we would save $2500 in Premiums with #ACA?? 

Which, by the way, was Not True at all
Key difference

you see greed as some1 keeping more of what they earned 4 profit

I see it as some1 taking what others have earned 4 profit
i'm not saying that at all, or implying that at all....where did you pull that out of?
AMEN! #REFORM #FIXitDontNIXit #ACA #Healthcare Just like SS in beginning a major cf...welllll...FIX IT, you got the bones already...now nads
You all will  Be Voted out next time around, count on it, Just like U thought @realDonaldTrump  wouldn't win, HE DID, Will B glad2 rid U all
Hey Schumer, has anyone ever told you that you look like the Joker?
BULL You Dems hurt yourself when you lie like this, I seen the bill, it is going 2 the Senate and if they need to make adjustments,they will
Thank you!
Yes reform not replace #trumpcare @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump work with @HouseDemocrats now
Can you make one for all of us to sign too?
IF WE WANTED YOUR INPUT WE WOULD HAVE ASKED YOU TO BEGIN WITH! WE WANT LESS COVERAGE AND MORE TAX BREAKS FOR OURSELVES AND OUR FRIENDS
Wow, that is some conceited bullshit. Don't you think you are the partisan ones? Don't you think you need to work with R's on their bill?
