We should be working on single payer! Blows my mind that we value insurance companies over people's lives.
That would be great but right now we risk losing protection for Americans w/preexisting conditions & basic care. Change takes time.
Change takes will. They want to repeal and replace so bad, where's our bill repealing and replacing it with single payer? Call it compromise
Dems are minority in both house & out of wh so they can write up whatever but highly unlikely it sees a vote. Right now we need to protect
I say dems March over to POTUS and show him the changes they can get behind.
Exactly, POTUS craves approval. If deems handed him a bill that poles high, he'd be hard pressed not to push it.
I'm not sure how you deal with someone like  All greed & ego, little interest in actually knowing anything.
False. Dislike ACA all you want but more people have coverage & that is a fact. Tired of lies that could cost American lives.
This is the kind of stupid he's coming at you with...
 See that's the thing:How do you have intelligent debate with people who won't concede reality?
You don't. The Democrats spend our time fighting for GOP everything deniers. If only there was a way to cut them out...
Yeah I mean we can't fix healthcare when we can't even have honest debate. Sad & it's been this way for decades.
Where were you when 13 million lost coverage due to ACA?
That's just not true. Please do independent research and not just repeat the GOP talking points, it's unbecoming in the "information age."
Right? Not 1 of them I've seen spew this stuff can give real world example.I buy thru ACA. 2 expensive but self-employed & we need coverage!
Timmie. What healthcare plan do you get to use?  You sell us a Socialist plan while you have the best care taxpayers can afford. Fraud #maga
Single payer... now!  Growing enthusiasm.  Reign in Big Insurance, which has ruined our healthcare system.
You need to focus on Dem party being hijacked by far left.  Stop obstructing and get to work.  Pelosi, Sanders, Schumer, antifa..geesh
I left a message at ur VB office last night! Please fight it! My anxiety and depression depends on it! I can't not have medication!
What about the millions forced into ACA? Who don't want it
are you?
You are right.  GOP plan is disgraceful. Are Dems working on a version of improvements?
It's long past time 4 Democrats 2 stop callling the healthcare law Obamacare. Calling it The Affordable Care Act will help its likability.
From a constituent, thank you for opposing!
F bi my ass what u should b doing is impeaching a fake president until he shows his interest 2 USA people-no free rides!
What a concept! Thank you Sen. Kaine!
ACA is gone.  Just get to work adding a few points you feel strongly about.  That ship has sailed.
Absolutely! If we can make few improvements in ACA, it will be world class healthcare. Use California model for all states!
You're such a fraud, you had no qualms about kicking millions off their plans and tripling premiums with pos obamacare you hypocrite.
States' "rights" to gut healthcare?  #TrumbcareIsImmoral
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @POTUS @VP 
Now 2 State 'rights' to kill citizens?
Death penalty+Trumpcare2
No wonder such deaf ears on abortion
oh my you certainly don't know the meaning of the word bipartisan?  Not in your vocabulary.
Not going down without a fight...Batter up! It's a hit, bases loaded for ACA!! Bring 'em home!
You go first.
#SinglePayer now!
yes and they will be able to get on CHEAPER more efficient plans! What part of that do you NOT understand?? Get together work out details!!
I don't like this new health care that GOP it sticky and don't like tax plan either i
Amen!
and u care now, why....what happened to the promise u supported...u can keep your doctor and your plan.  quit playing games
Like Rx drug reform, let's start w/ allowing pharmacies to import drugs from Canada 
Mr Ksine , fight for me please! Born no functioning immune system. Trump plan is certain death! 
We should be, but you talking about Republicans...  they don't care about the poor and middle class.  Only the rich.
Why aren't democrats pushing their way over to Trump and give him your plan????
HR 676 the answer. Medicare for All. No more anxiety, bankruptcies, high costs, pre-existing conditions, etc. Employers will be glad too.
GOP strategy is working,  sneak legislation when people are exhausted from last anti-Trumpcare marathon. We need to get back up and SPRINT!
The Final solution to a plan of Madness and of Healthcare, remember the same emphasis was stated in Europe the World Order extermination
Bipartisan in America and United Kingdom means Slavery and stop lying that's why you not VP.
Problem with Dems: they will obstruct the Trump administration at everything they want to do to #MAGA, sad the lows the dem party is taking
Bull.
'Should be' isn't in the R vocabulary.
Yeah. Single payer!
You were asked, but you declined.
Look 2 insurance Co.'s/Pharma profits. Seriously, drive by those HUGE silver buildings/in full production of gobbly gook/expensive #amJoy
ABSOLUTELY!
GOP doesn't know what that means anymore
Just like the bipartisan deal you Democrats shoved done the theoat of the American people?
what do u say about that, @timkaine?
Then it needs to keep getting g voted down until they agree to do that!
We all know that Single-Payer is the only acceptable next step. Anything less is unacceptable.
Thanks Sen for standing up for us.
The GOP says they are Pro-Life but taking away maternity care is a death sentence for millions of babies. The GOP is PRO-DEATH party.
Single payer now
You should be getting Trump's taxes. Subpoena the IRS & go back a number of years. Russian contacts back to 2008? Who paid Snowden?
We should be working on single payer healthcare.
Why did you launch a healthcare plan that needed improvements? Why didn’t you fix it in the years since it passed? Took late. Repeal!!!!
#RESIST #fascistGOP can always trust Trump/GOP to do the,wrong thing for self & party, then like about it.
@SenateDems So get to work, quit whining
Failure of Democratic Party will be all on you for your failure to champion Medicare-for-All.
Here's the best improvement you could make: Ge rid of it. All of it. And get your Comintern hands off my healthcare.
We don't want ACA we want single payer
The plans anyone looses ate loser plans, most need to pay thousands and thousands before any plan pays anything towards the bills. Fake
You should be working to expose the treasonous acts of Trump & certain members of Congress.
I don't want a plan I cannot afford to use.  $1,000 per month, ZERO deductible.  I can't afford to see a doctor and have to pay more!
Again...The way to get a democrat to support the ACA is when in defense of single payer!
You should be working on permanently leaving this country
@PickMeKitty36 STOP ILLEGITIMATE, PENCE, CABINET,  GOP, REPUBLICANS, IMPEACH, INCARCERATE, ALL. U DON'T HELP.
This is the perfect tweet, and the only way the Trump administration passes any legislation is to fix not destroy!!
Isn't that their end goal?
Yes! Bipartisan. We admire and respect you. Please take the leadership role! Someone must! We have no clear leader. That's the problem.
I like the idea of bipartisan but I think we all are too far part on this.  Maybe we need to let each state make its own decisions.
Mr. Maine, get the dems off their ass and get the wacko out of the WH!
No goat boy, you and HRC lost your chance. America chose repeal. Get back in touch or go extinct. We rejected identity politics and big govt
But have the @TheDemocrats put forward any bills that would improve ACA? At least put something out there for @GOP to vote no on.
We should be working on single payer, Senator.
and model it after which country's single payer system?
Something along the lines of Medicare would be a good starting point.
I was afraid you were going to say Canada. While ok, it lacks in speed of treatment.
Why don't you walk over and offer to help and stop complaining they trying to fix a mess people voted on but did not read.
Hold them off 2018 not far off. Trump, Administration, Paul Ryan Nunes, the whole lot in Prison.  Pence is not innocent neither. Wake Up!
Now, insurance rates decrease if you are in your 20's and in great health, if you have anything more than a cold, your rates will skyrocket!
Thank you for speaking out and for voting against this!
All the reasons they killed the other one are STILL the Same! They don't care what it says, just a SHOW so DT can say "I did it". Reality TV
I've already experienced cuts to my healthcare several prescriptions that were covered under a dem Govno longer covered w Republican Gov
just say hell no
Ryan is trying to save his political life. And now the Tax Bill is crap the new HC is crap, he is.... SOOOOOO Over Ryan and all of his talk.
No. You should get the hell out of my personal HCare business unless I need govt assistance. Then U can mess w it.
@RepDavid This is what I asked you to do in an email in early Feb that you never bothered to answer.  @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake too!
no. You should not be working with @GOP. They are clearly engaged in a criminal conspiracy to undermine our democracy.
Then fight like hell to make this happen! No more excuses. Fight for what the people have elected you to do. 1 payer ins. for ALL!
no way
Who are you???
It will be replaced, that's the whole point 
