domestic abuse can only be solved with personal responsibility without enablement...
have you not sinned you pure boy Trump deserves sainthood compared to Killary grow up get a pair
he leads on securing borders, jobs economy, immigration, religious freedom, national security, health ins, ISIS
Can't believe me & husband spent 10 days robo-calling for you in Anchorage (2013)! What a waste of time!!! Turncoat!!!
very weak position to take. I worked hard to get you elected, but now your are loosing a lot of respect of Alaskan voters.
I'm calling on Dan to step aside he can't be trusted to represent the will of the people
if you would like us to follow your lead we won't support those in our party we disagree with...you
your a fool..trump already has lead is leading..his fruit is his children.....stop your nonsense..
Good afternoon Senator Dan Sullivan. Every body knows me here Anchorage. But I feel sad that police department Fire department and Gieco company setup car accident by using me.
don't throw away your vote. He isn't going to step down. We all have to make difficult choices.
Thank you for speaking out against rape culture n refusing to vote for a known sexual predator.  I'm a victim of repeat rape
the mere fact that you think right behavior can be legislated shows your ignorance in its source...
What happen to the American people, we did put him in, so you need to let the American people speak. PLEASE!
Thank you for standing up for so many victims! It is refreshing to see some backbone in this election year.
M
"salvage the dignity of the party" is LIE. There is NO DIGNITY of the REPUBLICANS - You have run the USA into the ground.
if your r ed lying on outer influence to keep your children safe you better toughen them up...because your setting them up.
the white house turned to crap while you have had the majority...we need a majority of fighters not pacifists.......
I love pence but I am excited about Trump
stay the course- you too @lisamurkowski
and u two
I expected this from Murkowski, not you. You are done politically by this stunt. You are a GOP establishment shill. Sad!
You abandon the GOP nominee then I abandon you! 

NEVER SULLIVAN and NEVER MURKOWSKI !
If you're not for Trump, you're for Hillary Clinton. #GOPSabotage
Hello.
Your political career is done in Alaska. I will never vote for a traitor like you again. You are helping Hillary get elected
lost 4 votes here because you don't have a pair, go back to Ohio
PENCE DOES NOT HOLD A CANDLE TO DONALD TRUMP.. PENCE IS A YES MAN FOR THE WEALTHY AND EVERYONE KNOWS IT. TRUMP IS A MAN
Trump is a yes man to whomever holds his debt. China? Russia?
you are so right, god knows he cut va benefits now and wants to close 1100 va facitities. one thing for sure. trump is a pathological liar
stop politicizing this. #Voters aren't stupid and see this as an attempt to distract from REAL issues! Shame on you!
Anyone who thinks this behavior by Trump is a distraction/non-issue is at the very least a Deplorable. He ADMITTED to crimes.
are you kidding me? He was joking. Stop twisting something that isn't there.
Not a joke & if that is what you & he think is humor, you are not only mistaken, you're warped to say the least. #Deplorable
dont twist my words. I said he was joking, not that it was funny. U are close-minded to see this for what it is #brainwashed
I think you may need to look up the definition of joke. And my mind is most definitely my own.
Blocking you for stupidity.
-Never Again Dan.... don't expect further support 
Pathetic Turn Coat..Fighting to Hildeast "not Alaska". Disloyal to GOP
@KathyShelton @ThePaulaJones @kathleenwilley @atensnut  Juanita Broaddrick  Shame on you and @lisamurkowski for gamesmanship
Hey wake up voting has started. So you want to disenfranchise the ones that voted early? Looking out for yourself? Pitiful.
Unsure how you can support @mike_pence. He slashed funding for domestic violence programs & imprisons women for miscarrying.
a vote for anyone but trump puts the witch in the white house.
You liberals never bitched how bad bill Clinton treated women
Dan...If you ran as VP...your dirty laundry would be flying high.
   Pretty stupid. All talk on abuse. You Fooled us all..
What a PC crock!..Dan you are now  "part of the problem" in a
    "" do -- nothing "" Senate.  Pathetic . Disloyalty.
How about taking time on balancing the budget jobs & illegal immigration & not waste time on fighting Republican nominee
Dan.Your part of the "problem" U R.Unaccountable?.
Dems divert your attention easily Have you never used a 4 letter word.
You're shameless. Delete your account! How dare you write off the country because of a private conversation 11 years ago!
as an Alaskan citizen, I call for you to resign and let the Govenor appoint someone with a brain.
Seriously? This is how most men talk! We don't care! Endorse & vote Trump or Hillary wins! THAT WOULD BE AWFUL!
you look very silly this morning after last nights debate. You should apologize to trump and the American people
Trump had a great debate tonight. I'm calling on all AK Republicans to never vote for you again.
I'm calling on traitor Sullivan to step aside for a true patriot. We will vote for your opponents. #MAGA
I sincerely hope your constituents hear your message and vote you out soon.
RINO
it's funny how all you Republicans have said the same thing on Twitter. The people want Trump. He said this 11 years ago.
@gbatt418 How was Bill Clinton's "issues" viewed by Dems back when?
can't speak for others but BC is a pos in my book.
Not what the people want! Just you  stuffed shirts #trump
But Hillary can?  Only if she keeps the First Man locked up.
Get off high horse& stand by Trump. Only looks like self protection. Trumps awful WORDS pale compared to Hilary's actions.
You stab at Trump, but you & Murkowski say nothing about HRC & corruption in DC + a potus that constantly  bash America !!!!
smoking crack again I see
supporting the PC narrative? Locker talk vs. #Killary the murderer u r what is wrong with the GOP.We r takin our county back
Youre only helping Killary  to win.  It was a decade ago.  We DONT CARE!!!!! You are a Turncoat Against America.
thank you for taking a stand on human decency regardless of party affiliation.  It is the right thing to do.  
Let me know when you become moral and righteous. There are NO role models in D.C.
so what is your answer? Leave one candidate Hilary?
@KeithOlbermann with all due respect, f that noise, that ain't democracy. It's a switcheroo. The voters chose big orange oaf
We didn't ELECT PENCE! ALL GOP ESTABLISHMENT THAT HAVE NOT STOOD ON THE GOP PLATFORM NEED 2 STEP DOWN-THAT'S WHY WE R HERE
so who are u voting for?  Hill? So u stand w/establishment not change. Fate sealed.
Grow up
Trump is no Republican save when it benefits him. He will only step down if it is worth his while.
How do you propose to do that?  Many states have already started early voting & Drumpf is on the ballot.
You supported him up until now. Everyone with any intelligence never did. This will follow you forever. You backed Trump.
Now you are #WithHer, for open border mass immigration, starting war with Russia, TPP, and against #2A you faithless #cuck.
Yes, @SenDanSullivan this is when rep and dem can and need to come together. #imwithher, but we all agree, can't be Trump!
Thank you Dan.
America and Alaska First & Proud

@lisamurkowski 
@AkGovBillWalker
@repdonyoun
@SarahPalinUSA
sir with all due respects. have you ever made a comment about another woman. come on we all have more then once.
he's still the same person u've supported all along even though u knew about his insides & vicious behavior. What's changed?
So pious Dan! #voteDonaldTrump! #Trump will lead with excellent counselors, including #Pence!
bonehead move
what IS obscene sir, is how Hillary will treat the military once YOU elect her
@GailHeriot don't you know that can't happen now since ballots have been distributed? #moron
shame on you senator, we will vote in the next election!
If this was really your stance, you'd have pushed harder for Ted Cruz. HE's the party of Reagan, defined.
Have you asked Hillary Clinton to step down, or do you just want to further fracture the republican party??
@KeithOlbermann Someone please tell these morons early voting is already under way.  You can't replace Trump at this point.
@secupp it would be more realistic to give it to Cruz. Wasn't he y'alls second favorite! He endorsed Trump, too. Oops.
You refuse to honor my choice so I quit the Republican party
@secupp y'all voted for and endorsed him. Now you want to disown him? Ha! I bet you wish you would have voted for Bush now!
The GOP has been cutting programs for the needy since the days of Reagan, and they don't even care who they hurt.
YOUR Republican Party has slashed funding for programs to help the needy and used the money to give tax breaks to the rich!
The Dems gonna hate u either way now u have both sides mad. Who advises u
U have lost Ur mind do u no what is at stake for energy production Hill wants to shut down frackin and all in 4 CC legislati
@airwolf1967 That's not how it works.The candidate can't just"step aside for" a specific other person. READ YOUR OWN  RULES!
but by asking him to drop out your saying Bill and Hillary can lead on sexual abuse issues. Beyond laughable
@TriciaNC1 Nope! We stand behind our candidate who has certainly done nothing to warrant the R.I.N.O.s abandoning like rats.
and all this country has ever done is betray the vietnam vets. You included Senator
I will never vote Republican again for anyone that is still a Republican. I am Independent from now on. I am a Vietnam Vet
you did nothing. Promises all you republicans broke to get elected. That is why WE DO NOT WANT A CAREER POLITICAN running.
the house, you did nothing, you got the Senate, you did nothing. And you wonder why I don't care what Trump said? Because
No Dan. You are nothing but the same insider DC man. This note you just put out is Nothing but BS. You know why? You got
Why cast a write in vote. There are 2 former GOP 2 term Governors on the ballot in all 50 States #JohnsonWeld2016 #livefree
Senator you have no backbone. I quit the republican party as of now. My hope now, there is enough of us to form a new party.
And if Trump doesn't step aside, please consider endorsing @Evan_McMullin  a decent conservative.
Force him out you hand Hillary the election. Why do you think this country wanted some one not in politics.
Your just like all the rino republicans. Because he was not a party man you couldn't stand an outsider I was a republican
I hate when people try to distract us from the real problems Hillary is the problem so is Obama
Pencey-poo hates women.
u r wrong & disloyal to go against  Trump. He is a horney man. I bet all have secrets that they wish they didn't  have. Cg
this GOP is done. Pence has reprehensible policies in IN. Reagan is too moderate for this GOP. You have what you deserve.
I don't think Trump should step aside period!! I hope all of you wussie Elite Politicians LOSE if you are running for office
TY. Principled Republican response--clarion call for people of good will & true patriots to stand for what is right & true.
.@SenDanSullivan So you weren't able to deduce before the video that Trump was reprehensible???
NO  why don't you call for lying crooked corrupt Hillary who stole from the WH & State dept $6 billion to step away.
We The People are asking YOU to step down as a traitor of the USA. We The People are fed up with you criminals.
You can only "Double Down" so much.
It doesn't matter who becomes president its all a game with all you Politian's. Nothing for Middleclass help the Rich.
I am assuming that you are perfect you never said anything you wish you could take back?Trump is no comparison to Hillary
Senator Sullivan can you end the disproportionate targeting of African-American men on charges of rape and sexual assault?
so you're going to vote for fucking Hillary?
Forgive not judge men trying to do good and be forgiven when you need it most. A self-righteous man does not to his own hurt
Talk about holier than thous MY GOD we all know guys trash talk big freakin deal women do it too
test
@pafortrump why don't you call for Hillary to step aside..her actual CRIMES are much worse #ILoveTrump
And who cares what you think..you Hillary is a better opption
Lincoln, Roosevelt & Reagan? YOUR GOP is the party of Trump, David Duke & Putin. You stood idle while it self-destructed.
and Hillary can? Come on, Dan, you can't say that you've never had backroom Marine conversations?
Senator - AT THIS POINT WHAT DIFFERENCE CAN IT MAKE?  This is a smear campaign - where's your backbone?
@secupp   AND ..... Hillary can??? Get off your high horse
I hope you do not have skeleton in your closet! Forgive Donald and pray for him as Jesus would want us to!
The GOP and YOU have been looking for an excuse from the start. Killary calls US deplorable and basement dwellers and its ok
No man or woman likes private conversations from 11 yrs ago  compared to who they are today.  Need Trump, remember SCOTUS?
.@SenDanSullivan @antipandemonium of course you support dominionist Pence who is a fascist in search of a theocracy You people ruined Alaska
Yea why not ask Bill Clinton about sexual assaults you have three daughters lets see you leave them alone w/Bill Clinton
With Pence we'll at least have God back in our government...that's what this country needs "God" really bad!
I agree with you Sir...I was born and raised in Indiana and I would love to see Mike Pence as our new president
Pence has no respect for women. Jailing them for a miscarriage, funerals for fetuses, the man is disgusting.
MR hypocrite Dan please resign as you are not representing any thing but your attempt to keep your seat !!U =GOPdemorat !!
I call on you to step-aside or be fired! You are part of the problems in this country!
you should had said that a long time ago!
You need firing! You are a criminal like Hillary Clinton a treasonist and sellout artist -- focus on arresting her!
@ZekeJMiller yeah but when he doesn't step aside are you still gonna vote for him...?
what sexual assault?  You mean Bill Clinton's?  Maybe you need to call for Hillary to step down blow hard!
.@SenDanSullivan To bad you have to be 35 to be president. I would have suggested Ms. A. Nguyen for your write-in.  https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/feb/23/sexual-assault-survivors-rape-kits-us-senate-bill-white-house …
@scottlincicome and how to handle votes already cast?
That's not going to happen & you know it. So are you now supporting #CrookedHillary, because I can't support you if you are.
coming from you Alaska were Incest is the one thing Alaskans doAs a grandmother I'm voting for trump for THIER future
It's the Press!!
Stand behind Trump! People like you are why we cannot get a Republican in office!
Why? I would like to know your opinion on your decision.
Thank you Senator.
@secupp Proud to know you, Senator!
