
He still sucks.
Just be glad we don't have the weak puppet Obama in office who let the whole world walk right over him.
Oddly, I don't recall threat of nuclear war while Obama was President.
And Obama proved once again that appeasement doesn't work with terrorist nations! Giving away billions of US tax dollars for NOTHING!
When did Obama do that?
It's called foreign aid. Presidents have been paying off for example North Korea for decades. Pakistan is another example. Same with Iran
But has it worked? Can world tolerate 2 more terrorist states with nuclear weapons? I think not.
And unfortunately, Iran is next! Because they will continue to threaten the annihilation of Isreal!
Iran is watching. Iran walked all over Obama.
Yeah I'm not proud that our president has escalated tensions with NK to this point after only 7 months in office
I am well aware that this has been going on since before Trump, but he's doing everything in his power to make the situation worse
He should let the sanctions do their job and stop trying to out crazy the crazy guy, that's what.
Fox news is fake news,. Controlled Opposition. 
They dont like you Mr President.  And they want to get rid of Hanity too.
Trump made that empty threat without the knowledge of Mattis and McMaster.  Thats not the way adults and professionals do foreign policy.
Buahaha. Putin's Gloriously Installed POTUS is doing so well! Such an alpha male!(but really beta whiner.)
(32) List of DPRK missile tests since tough-talking Trump took over: 2/12; 3/6; 3/22; 4/4; 4/16; 4/29; 5/14; 5/21; 5/29; 6/8; 7/4; and 7/29.
I wonder if Trump will try to grab Kim Jong by the privates. It's worked so well for him in the past- look at where he is today!
DT's red line: "Best not threaten us, Kim J!"
2 hrs later...
Kim J:"We're gonna nuke Guam."

Maybe DT is Kim J's bitch? Yeah- definitely.
Iran may b purchasing nuke technology from NK thks 2 Obama releasing 125 billion$ plus another 50 mil in cash flew 2 Iran in middle of night
These pussified snowflakes just don't have a clue! And I am just dumbfounded some times by their ignorance! #AFAMMOPROUD
Tell us how you really feel Lyle- lol I think we should send an envoy  of huggers over to NK -give Kim a big hug- that will quell the storm!
Why do I keep having the creepy feeling some of these Bible-thumping Republicans are secretly rooting for The End of Days?
We want the end of Pedophiles Vaccines and fake cellphone  radiation towers and spirit cooking cannibals in govt.
Pride in killing millions in Asia to show who's the Boss!!!

Pride becomes a slaughterhouse.

This Senator is dangerous to human survival.
I want to see everyone calling for war to sign up and volunteer to fight in the front lines. Don't cheer from behind. Lead the charge.
How many of you have signed up! I'm curious.
Zero! I'm sick of civilians treating our military like it's a video game.Maybe if @realDonaldTrump started a draft,ppl wud think differently
Yes they would! And exactly who is asking for war? No one that I've seen yet. But, you can bet that we are ready! #AFAMMOPROUD
u r 1 of our esteemed servicewomen.u kno better than most how our military is misused when they r active duty and forgotten when they retire
I'm not feeling any "pride." Just terror. A**hole.
They are and have been for decades. And their dear leader is an unstable child!
That's great. Just tell Kimmy who where what and everything else about our defense system. That's cool 
Thank God for our military. Bless them all for they keep our country free.
What is the radiation protection rating of pride?
He's probably at home in OH while saying this.
"Pride"?! That we might all die? Are you out of your goddamed mind?
Fake news
'Alaska is the cornerstone of our Missle Defense System; protecting 300 Million Americans.' @LisaMurkowski @repdonyoung
Funny that Dem-Leftist Neo-Russiaphobes have no fear of a North Korean clear and present danger.
We want a president who stops a war not starts one. His bombastic blustering is going to be the death of us all
God Bless those who are protecting the USA. Keep them safe. In Jesus name.
You misspelled panic.
Pride in being nuked? You people need to fly to the fucking sun.
Either their OPSEC is non existent or they are just saying shit. Looking dumb either way
President Trump didn't start this this is been going on forever Obama didn't do shit about it
His nuke trumps your pride (pun intended).
Drumpf Will start a nuclear war to slow down the impeachment hearings,  BIGLY BELIEVE ME,  way to dumb down America!
"Pride"? We're talking about nuclear war. No one wins a fucking trophy. No one stands tall. Are those GOP values now? Saber rattling = cool?
Measuring dicks is NOT the way to fix this! Sadly @realDonaldTrump has no dick but keeps trying to prove he does! Such a loser...
Yes. Pride at being the first to be vaporized.
pride in first to be nuked, Dan?: sorry, looks like Guam might have that honor
Nooo!
I hope his pride stops a missile. Where do they gets these guys. I guess not any difference than the nuts on  here blaming Trump.
"Fire and Fury" = "death to thousands of humans and animals"
News Flash,  I do not tolerate threats well.  Do you?
Are you kidding? What kind of American President acts like this?
Do you morons think this is a game?
Pride?????   In what?  C'mon.
Pride?
Pride? That POTUS is giving Kim Jung Un a run for his money in the dangerous rhetoric department?
Did anyone take notice of DT's body language today? Arms crossed. Uncomfortable as he dares North Korea.
I did.
@ErinBurnett @OutFrontCNN What if the anti-missile defense misses? Then what? Remember Sadam's SCUDS? Or those 100 ABM sites around D.C.?
President Donny shouldn't be able to launch a war against any country he can't spot on a map without assistance
Question:  How far is it to Guam?
These GOPutin Party had not seen a war they don't like yet.I would agree with Danny boy of hell haul his fat ass & that of Donnie to led it.
@BarackObama @JohnKerry for 8yrs of appease and cuddle NKorea, said not close to making Nuke war head, now in 6mos they Do! =Same for Iran
Send them the co-ordinates for San Francisco.
If that was a joke - not funny.  If not a joke -  then I'll simply pray for you.
Let's send every Trump voter and they're families to fight this. If you believe this war mongering, Russia distraction,propaganda trash 
No doubt Sen Murkowski can vote her way to safety
Pride??
Pride!!!  Putting young Americans lives at risk while you sit home on your lofty behinds.  Awful.
Pride?  In what?  A president who is provoking NK to strike first for the sake of his ratings?  We need a level head in the WH.
Don is monitoring events from his golf resort
Pride? " Look at me. I'm a puffed up fool at a break in an opioid conf. luncheon break threatening nuclear war like I am in a bad movie."
Pride will get us all killed. The president can have pride when it's him marching into war with his very own rifle!!!
Donald's threats to NK are the words from someone with a complex about his small penis. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #MAGA
World greatest online investment platform where you can invest and make huge profit for more info contact me via Magnarwilson@gmail.com
I hope the Republicans Cashed in their gold bars, because Trump wants another war. Don't forget liberals are killing people ..
What does that even mean/ help?!?
FoxNews is complicit in this mess.
Pride will get them killed. It wouldn't be pretty not to mention an enormous environmental disaster.

Nothing elicits "pride" like getting vaporized in a nuclear annihilation.
I'll vote for concern Senator
If this happens, it will be the most horrible thing ever witnessed.
I agree. Nuclear war would be worth it if it'd make snowflake Trump feel proud.
Is this report as reliable as the whole "Saddam Hussein has weapons of mass destruction" CIA intel?
Pride? What is wrong with you! Millions of lives are at risk because  2 narcissists are having a dick swinging contest!
Certainly not Pride in loud mouth Trump. A complete embarrassment to the USA. He's the Kim Jong Un of America. Cray cray with golf clubs.
Pride? What the fuck about?
Wow the "300".
Dan is a DUFUS if he really thinks NOKO will attack US!! Lil Kim wants SOKO, not to be annihilated & Stupid people will say OK!!
Ahahaha
This happened in July? Washington post only just got hold of the story?
Spreading fear I see

NK would keep it over there first to test the reaction of allies who will probably be slow to react. This is a game of chicken.
Politics don't matter, these few protect our everything.  #Respect
You all know the war with NK never ended. cease-fire in July 1953.


Pride? Seriously? 
This IS a big deal. 
Mango Shitstain is playing "My dick is bigger than yours...look!" And he's going to kill us all.
400 die in car accident daily due to drunk driving. NOT A WORD ABOUT ALCOHOLISM. Trump cut $Rehab out of his budget, wants ppl drink.
Proud that a mad man is threatening nuclear war with another mad man?  #dumbassoftheday
Trump is not mad, because everyone knows seniors never have any mental issues..
"Pride goeth before a fall." ~
If missiles begin to rain down on us, what then Sherlock?
Which goeth before the fall @SenDanSullivan might want to chew on that one whist president jackass does what we all feared he was capable of
Dear Kim Jong-un,
August 8, 2017, will be the day that #IRememberWhenYouHadTo back down or die.
Bluster is nothing to compliment.
They chose Obama & other Democrats and Murkowski! Let them live with the consequence of their voting!
Pride...  ...what does that even mean? Is he saying they are willing to take one for the team??
This is the result of the prior administrations weakness.
We have a lunatic in the White House that has put us on a course to nuclear annihilation. STAND UP AMERICA. DON'T letTrump kill all of us
@SarahPalin can see North Korea from her home. True story.
Pride?  You gotta be kidding.  We're talking about end of days not a fuckin football game you fool.
This is insane, take the fat little troll out...send in the big guns in the backdoor.....#MAGA
We want you to see the resoluteness of Alaska and compare it to the resoluteness of the president, in order to delegitimize fear
Pride being one of the deadly sins?
NK MUST BE TREATED LIKE ANY BULLY & THE SOONER - THE BETTER! If Kim attacks, he will reap the whirlwind! 
President is also a bully
Didn't other news sites confirm this hours ago?
FAKE...
There is ONLY concern... There is NO pride in @realDonaldTrump!!!!

Only @narendramodi's weapons can silence this little fellow from NK. Get ready little rat Kim.
I guess we are learning what's the alternative today
TheCONCERN should be withOUR POTUS who seems to want war withANYONE.If we're talking war,we'reNot talkingRussia.He's focused is onNuclearWar
What the entire screaming fuck is wrong with you that you want a nuclear war?
You're fuckin clowns.

Hit California??? Oh.... maybe Maxine can help negotiate California's surrender to NK.
What are you talking about?
Just joking, she mentioned her excellent negotiating skills...
Who feels pride after a nuclear war threat??? #NorthKorea
Deep thinker
We should attack them now before the asshole attacks us
Would you all like to be a real news network and put some pressure on @realDonaldTrump or going to keep stroking his ego?
The 300 is ready and able. We need to thank them with more congressional help.
Are you insane?
They can't hit us, but they can hit territories and allies. All because Trump wants to play chicken.
Maybe not with a missle, but a nuke in a Chinese cargo ship would be very unpleasant.
This makes me wish Chicago was in Alaska.
Let it go?
Pride does little good when you're vaporized. Their egos will kill us all #FauxNews #25thAmendmentNow
Here comes the false patriotism like during Iraq...gotta support the president in war times or you aren't an American..hope this ends better

NoKo has traditionally rattled sabers and US pres paid them off.Not happening anymore.Maybe better threaten China @potus #maga #deplorables
Orange Fingers threats have zero credibility. He has no clue on how to handle this situation.
Not now has never bin!
pride? how can pride and nuclear weapons end well for us?
And this is thanks to bill Clinton...
Joshua: Shall we play a game? #WarGames

Don't forget to thank Clinton for giving North Korea nukes by granting them 02 new nuclear reactors and $05 billion in aid in 1994. https://twitter.com/ubipages/status/895030408353644545 …
Yeah, too bad we haven't had Presidents since then.
We finally have a President who grabs what he wants and holds his daughters hands all the time. Take that liberals...
KIM JONG UN should be taken out before he kills millions.  MAKE SENSE? Sniper...  #maga   #cnn #FoxNewsSpecialists
CNN: TRUMP IS TEMPTING NORTH KOREA TO NUKE US
MSNBC: TRUMP IS TEMPTING NORTH KOREA TO NUKE US
FOX NEWS: Obama taxed us too much
I say nuke us. It California.
