Planes are already flying out of that airfield LOL you people are fkn robots.
#Cult45
It's so shameful. They are pounding their chests bc of bombs that hit no high value targets, meanwhile leaving the innocent in harms way.
Civilian casualties: 9 adults,4 CHILDREN
From last night??
RT @LabourEoin One of Trump's missiles "misfired" and hit the nearby al-Hamrat village. In total, 9 civilians died including 4 children.
OMG
It was meant to [make] sure that Bashar al-Assad could not again use chemical weapons against ANYONE."
He continues to kill his own people. Murder is murder by any means. It was a phony stunt to make Trump look like a strong leader.
You have zero proof of that claim. Syria stands because the people stand behind her government.  Obvious facts seem to miss you clowns.
If the people stand behind the government, how come Assad feels the need to kill so many of his own people?
Obviously you consume Jewish media. Been hearing that bullshit from Jews since they launched their proxy war on Syria.
I believe you are speaking like a racist in this case.
Wahhhh!  What a loser - crying "racist" is about as childish and idiotic as it gets.  Sounds so Jewish - where the term originated.
If the shoe fits, sorry, you need to wear it. 
Waaahhhh - racist is an idiotic term that has zero meaning or value - I hear it used by idiots all the time - you being no different.
Yes, we know. It was done to up his poor ratings. & to distract from colluding with Russia. Period.
FAKE Trump ordered a deflection to political issues & Gorsuch. No response cause Russia and Israel in on it. No damage to airport or people.
Civilian casualties: 9 adults and 4 children in adjacent village.
I haven't seen that report.  Where did you get that info?
Airbase is being used. Some pictures show chemical barrels which appear to be Russian.  Victims said Russian planes were seen overhead
What victims?
Some of the Syrian chemical attack victims.
Ok I thought u were talking abt 45's bombing. Sorry.
I don't believe he did it. I spoke with some Syrian people who heard from others there & said it was not Assad. It's all a trap to destroy
Victims said it was Russia planes overhead before attack.
Assad army flew from the bombed airfield today. #factsmatter
Cost-60 million,strike-12hr warning,damage-low,Assad's planes-flying again. Success?- for who?  People still starving,children still dying
But he did not. AlQaeda did it. Do your work.
Then why were the runways undamaged?
Ok so my question is why was there such weapons like that there and how do we know we blew all of them up
It was a hoax. No chemical gases there! You can't blew them up! Then it's everywhere!! RU was to destroy all gases yrs ago.
Where did this chemical gas come from? How long has Syria had this gas!
They launched an attack the next day jackass.  Nice try to excuse away Trump's 2nd failed mission. Gave them an hours notice as well. #FAIL
What we need is to go back strike again this time by fight jets and kill and destroy  more of Assad and Russia force sites
Airstrike before it could be provedwho actually used C\W.US nothing nothing more than a RogueState.#Syrian Gas Hoax
You missed a spot.
So why is the US acting alone?? Take care of your own citizens & US problems mr Trump- instead of making the US a hated target #foxnews
you dont want it but usa is the real, and only  world's police ,  please do not forget that, there was 8 lost years, you have to change this
OK, we made sure that Assad doesnt kill w/ chemical weapons. Now, is it acceptable that he kill many times more with bombs? @ABC @CNN @MSNBC
but it won't. The tommies missed the mark. It was all a show for Fox News views. Sad
Good thing that airbase is now out of commission. Oh wait, it's already operational again....never mind.
Thank you
And it failed, they are using the runway now less than 24 hours later
Dear Dan Sullivan, The entire country knows that Assad is still flying out of that same air field.  $90 million for sand damages. We see YOU
Check Boston Globe and ex UK ambassador
Him.  I don't like him and I don't like dirty politics.  P. Trump got played

So why after firing 59 tomahawks at that airbase, there were no chemical casualties? #JustAsking

With all due respect Mr. President, YOU stated we were not the world's police force ! Don't you think we have enough problems of our own ? 
Isn't it amazing that 17 spy agencies can't tell you about the spying on American citizens, but all of a sudden Syria has chemical weapons?
You idiots cannot be SO STUPID, can you?  It is a well known FACT that we Americans destroyed Assad's chemical weapons capability.  Lying.
Whatever not all ppl believe Assad did chemical attack. Trump didn't campaign getting into conflict with Syria .. Hillary did  not happy
oh please. They're flying from the same airbase, on their own people. Millions spent for zilch
Corrrction "...against his own people." Should read "...against anyone."
Assad doesn't consider Sunnis his own people. They are his enemy.
He didn't. It was @realDonaldTrump trying to escape #russiagate. He has worse approval rating of any sitting #potus. This is interesting.
Bombing Syrian air field without declaration of war is like Japanese bombing Pearl Harbor without declaration of war.  Now what?
And yet he used them again today. What's next?
Is there a report on chemicals tested? No gloves?
But it didn't though. Another political ploy to take our eyes off the ball. Russia hate!
Not true because they did not go after all of the airbases. Too limited to had a true impact
59 missiles and not 1 air strip hit. Bad aim or propaganda?
But he can because we didn't bomb the weapons sites
We use Floride against our own people in our water supply. Monsanto poisons our food and livestock we eat
Have we even established that Basher was responsible for the first attack much less the second?
Terrorists are sitting in a White House
России надо бомбить Украинских военных за преступления против Донбасса. Я посмотрю потом что Белый Дом сможет сделать. Надеюсь Путин ударит.
Assad is launching from there now. Trump killed ppl 4 political show. He didn't even make it look good. THEY ARE LAUNCHING FROM THERE STILL
And when Assad goes back to using conventional weapons against innocent people then Trump will go back to ignoring?
And how does partially destroying a single airfield do that? (I mean, aircraft are already using it again).
intentions are irrelevant,you should have thought about the consequences,potus can't see past the ratings
Bull. Fucking. Shit. The airstrip is already up and running.
Are you going to stage another gass attack and shhot more missles for alqaeda????
Our Affluenza president MUST 1. Call Assad a war criminal 2. Allow Muslim refugees into America.
Potential false flag, but no none cared when war lusting. Rebels are the beneficiaries here and they stockpile WMD. Go get 'em. Goofballs.
go away Ohio Dan can't wait for your next election..#notalaskan
and it failed. They're still launching from that base. 59 million $$ worth of failure.
But he can still slaughter and blow to pieces civilians with his conventional weapons ? including women and kids. Without any reprisals ..
Details, details
But they are still using the bombed airfield. How much do Cruise Missiles cost each?  $832,000. Times 59=
$49,088,000. #SyriansStillFlying
My question is if we have these tomahawk missiles that are so precise with their GPS why are we not blowing up the caves of Isis
question who bombed the hospital 4 a big cover-up of the chemical warfare was it the Russians or the syrians does anybody have an answer
Thanks for sharing!
Or against USA or our allies!
Was to appease the base, they are still flying on the airfield and still have serin gas. #anotherfailure
It didn't.
So with Syrian airplanes flying today from that target, I guess #MissionFailed.
Best Military in the world. The fact they're able to still fly off that base proves this was nothing more than a distraction #russiagate
or was it to improve DJT poll numbers?Trump has NO idea of the culture or history of syria so this will not go well-but poll # might improve
Only 23 of 59 hit their intended target, another F up
In that case, it was a big, fat #FAIL
It failed - hard!
But he did... today...
"meant to [make] sure" apparently ineffective
Syrian jets carry out attacks frm base hit by US missile strike
Just like we did to Iraq with over a million dead since we ousted Hussein. You are the biggest war mongering hypocrites imaginable. Truth.
Well that didn't quite happen because...well Assad has more than one air base and of course, Russia.
TERRORIST GROUPS FUNDED BY USA ONLY USE CHEMICAL WEAPONS
USA FAMOUS FOR FAKE STORIES WITH OUT RULE OF LAW-COW BOY LOGICS
This definitely needed to be done. President Trump doesn't back down on his promises. I stand by him %. MAGA! 
.... except @Reuters is reporting that jets are taking off from hit airports again, less than 24 hours later.
#TrumpFail  again
It's all bullshit and #fakenews why would Assad do that that would get him in trouble when he is already winning the war.
They're already using the airfield again, so what now?
But we spent $59 Million and didn't hit anything???
Pure optics..planes already flying from it..
By completely avoiding the runways?  BOLD STRATEGY INDEED  
That picture is dated October 7 2016 so there's that
Here you go!
They seemed to have hit all the buildings. Wasn't that the plan to take out storage facilities there?
Then maybe we should have taken out the airstrips and planes.  We hit dirt piles. PS - they dropped chlorine gas today.
No assurance of that.
It was a MESSAGE to Syria, North Korea, and Iran.  We will strategically knock out WMD without WARNING
We are grateful to voters for electing an ACTION president. For 8yrs we had lectures on moral justice from the preacher Barak Obama
Assuming it wasn't the White Helmet rebels who have used sarin gas in the past
Except no weapons and very few planes were destroyed and the runway suffered no damage. This fake strike will only embolden Assad and Putin.
It won't embolden them as this was orchestrated by them. It's a ruse. How can you launch 70 missiles and miss *EVERYTHING*?
Yep, but this isn't over, not by a long shot.
And Obama Kerry lied right alongside "Basher"
How about we make sure it was Assad first...or would you prefer to continue our 60 yr debacle in the Middle East?
No. They left the runways intact so they could continue using the strip to fight ISIS. The bunkers and warehouses had the gas (If any). Wow.
Theatre. The Emmys will be out soon.
What prove Asad is the one who used CHHe is winningRebels proved to be beneficiaries ofIn crime:who is winner&loserRebelsWinAsad lost
IELITIST, GLOBALIST & WAR MONGERING move.  I voted for @realDonaldTrump - I didn't know you were gonna sellout so fast. #NoReelection
necessary strike & pray @POTUS will heed military advisors & work with Congress to make good policy to move forward
Sean Hannity for the win. https://twitter.com/seanhannity/status/375071259643879425 …
Why not make another one? To be sure like really sure, not like @UN Security Council Resolution 2118 sure, but US way to assure things.
Who said he did it? Was it the region of the world that wants us to come to them for war?
Ya I think they want their 13th Imam to climb out of a well
Isis is America network that why they're faking Assad
Actions needed to be swift and decisive; either, before more genocide occurred or chemicals were moved.
A Bit false really. It's was meant as a warning. 
Militarily it hasn't effected or stopped his abilityto deploy chemical weapons.
Syrians still flying. Comrade. What next? Real world a bit more complex than a John Wayne movie
And did it? They were taking off from there earlier. Did the strike take out the chemical stockpiles?
No, the strikes just took the Russian investigations off of his back...for now.
That's pretty much what I figured.
Letz hope it works
I said didn't kill his own people the lebels supported by USA and CIA FBI did this, because they want Assad to be romoved
It was just a warning there are more air bases, but the next time he very well may get a JDAM right between his eyes.
SI NO TERMINAMOS CON LAS GUERRAS, ELLAS TERMINARAN CON NOSOTROS". JFK- Y POR ESO LO ASESINARON.
but yet they are still doing bombing runs from that very airstrip
We're going to need a bigger bomb...
We did not vote you commander-in-chief we voted trump commander-in-chief he did nothing wrong he did his job
You senators want the commander-in-chief to act like a kid in school to raise his hand to go the bathroom Trump has to beg you for anything
What about the chemical weapons of your Jihadjoe in Idlib ?
.@FoxNews @SenDanSullivan If the objective was to stop people using chemical weapons perhaps you should've targeted the people using them.
I have pity for you.
It needed too be done
Really
GOOD, IF he did.
Because that is what happens when you hit nothing.
It has yet to be proven that it was not the US proxy, ISIS, who did it.
then you're even more naive than we thought

Get Him!!
Well, the planes are up and flying again from that base, so the next move is.....
u know better that how many they still have, cuz it was your supply to Saddam
It was a must.
Must get ppl to not focus on #trumprussia Jared lying on WH clearance forms about mtg with Russians, and oh yeah, lower jobs numbers...
