Agreed and thank you. Now act to remove Trump or these fine words are revealed as meaningless posturing.
Under what grounds, sir? Not being a smart ass here. But as of now, there has been no legitimate reason.
I sense you're being willfully obtuse, but:
Collusion
Comey firing/Obstruction of Justice
Emoluments
More:
"Collusion" is not a criminal term. Even if it's proven to exist, it wouldn't be criminal. Unethical? Sure. But that different. (1)
(2) The President can fire the FBI director at any time, for any reason. Obstruction of Justice would be legit reason, but no evidence yet.
(3) Emoluments clause could also be legit, but no court has said so as of now.
(4) Robert Reich's opinions are laughable on that link. For instance, in reason 4: the press can be kicked out of the WH at any time. ...
What about BLK and ANTIFA or are you just worried about being political correct???That's why we elected POTUS 45.He has said enough!!!!
He has said enough, and he's thrown down enough White Power hand signs. We see who he is. He's a NAZI gang leader. #ImpeachTrump
That's idiotic
It is the truth. Watch videos
Obama is a Muslim hates the constitution police and whites but you didn't see the right in a frenzied freak out fest Like you fools TRUMP
You know who Trump doesn't care about? Our servicemen who were tragically killed.
Trump hasn't tweeted when a U.S. soldier died in 6 months. http://www.thedailybeast.com/where-are-trumps-tweets-about-fallen-soldiers …
Look at their pictures... and you will see why Trump didn't care that they were killed.
Ask yourself. If The Conferacy were about enslaving Whites.. would you want those statues up? If the answer is yes, you aren't a racist.
What about BLM.
All you want to do is pick an choose which group is going to benefit you on a daily basis.
https://twitter.com/YourRacingBelle/status/897620179160633344 …  Can you imagine living through this? Don't let it happen here.
Okay, one last thread. And then I'm watching Gilmore Girls. Idk what they're teaching about Nazis in school these days but here goes...
Senator, you forgot to add Antifa, Black Lives Matter, and Muslim Brotherhood to that.  America's founding principles need your defense!
I love reading all twitter support you get from libs and/or outsiders..   starting to look likes Lisa's followers.
Thank you Senator
Your tweets are meaningless Dan, you are complacent and are just as guilty..find your spine, stand up in front of your peers and say ENOUGH!
terrific, now what will you DO, Senator?
@SenDanSullivan will now tweet about Barcelona, whistle Dixie and say what a good boy am I. #leadingfrombehind
Thank you, @SenDanSullivan for standing up against hate and domestic terrorism, when @POTUS wouldn't.
Please join with fellow @GOP and do something! We are watching him create divide in the US! Follow  "united we stand" stance of the CEO's
There IS a divide.... but your answer is for the right to give up and become left or get beaten!
My dad @USArmy 30yrs. Joined at 17 to fight Facism, 5 yrs in Pac Islands. And Kor & VN. Joined as Pvt, 2ndLt at 18. @GOP voter/he'd despair.
Democrats must own their past. They used the KKK to enforce Jim Crowe
He is the leader of your party, you nominated and voted him into office. You own him.
Thank you for being one of the FEW standing up to Trump.
Chose your horse now Dan. I saw nothing wrong with Trumps statement. But you and CNN did. Take a hard right and stay on course #loserlisaM
Sec of HUD-- Ben Carson revealed Aug 16 Wednesday  his Virginia home was recently vandalized with “hateful rhetoric" Where is your response?
Thank you for putting it this bluntly, sir.  I am a progressive... but finding common ground with Republicans gives me some hope...
We Democratic Voters Recognize your Patriotism and Courage. Praying ALL @GOP put Country before Trump's Immoral Support for Thugs. Thank You
I think this is the only time I've ever agreed with something you've said on here.  Thank you.
And if he doesn't, what will you do? Words mean nothing at this point.
Be careful not to get drawn into this it is , The whole thing is being orchestrated  !!!
Historically some places used "stocks" for punishment and public humiliation...an Orwellian City will eventually do so electronically.
Senator Sullivan
MSM denouncing recent ANTIFA attacks in Berkley validate President Trumps assessment that many still wont admit.
You forgot to add Antifa, Black Lives Matter, and Muslim Brotherhood to that list. Virtue signalling isn't helpful.
He did!!!
What about the violent Antifa that showed up to a peaceful protest to attack people.  Aren't they the terrorists?
Impeach please!
He has condemned them dozens of times -! I'm so sick of this pathetic game.
Anything less than Republicans delivering on their promises is unacceptable...ironically, we the people are still the boss and get final say
Which they are trying to take away by going after our @POTUS at all Cost!He's not about the government corruption &neither are We the People
Thank you. Censure him
The racists are abominable! That said so is anyone who comes to protest against them with clubs and helmets!  Especially left wing comunists
Yes. A seemingly easy observation to make.. but meaningless unless followed by ACTIONS. @GOP @SenateGOP continues to enable Nazism.
Thank you @SenDanSullivan
Talk is not enough. Let us know you're working w house colleagues to initiate articles of impeachment or words mean nothing.
https://twitter.com/boomboom_room_/status/873581781009747968 … 

That ship sailed...
Congratulations. You located a vertabrae! Maybe you will find another and censure.
How did you hear less than the rest of us in Trump's initial statement - he didn't stop there, but condemned Antifa Fascist violence too.
Agreed. So what are YOU going to do about it, and when?  #TrumpRussia
Thank you, Sen. Sullivan. This needs to be said, often and loudly. 
Do something please. Words aren't enough anymore. Our children's futures are in danger. Our country is in danger.
Thank you Senator.
How many times is enough? Smdh
@vepchl @POTUS But condemnation of BLM, Antifa, New Black Panther Party isn't required?
I don't think anyone's interested in any more lip service from the #PathologicalLiarInChief
#ImpeachTrump Please
#Impeach Now
Thank you sir
Actions speak louder than words.
when will u intro a bill 2 remove Sen Robert Byrd's name from all bldg's? After all he was a recruiter for the KKK & longest-serving US Sen
Who would believe him at this point?
1A is for everyone @POTUS has said enough open ur eyes & get a spine BLM & ANTIFA started this violence removing these statues is wrong
How many of these posters even know the history they r complaining about?If we forget r past we will repeat it.Va Gov had Police stand by y?
Incredible how fast DJT condemned the terrorism in Barcelona but needs days to give a half-hearted criticism of "all sides" in his backyard.
It's blatantly obvious he is #UnfitToServe, what are you going to do about #WhiteHouseSupremacy?
Thank you
Thank God he did that already. He did it very well. Calling out violence on both sides and condemning white nationalist groups.
It's far too late for redemption on that front. You thinking he could redeem himself in any way is naive at best.
Something no president in history said about white supremacists: I don't know if you know this, they had a permit, the other side didn't
So step beyond words, Senator. Impeach this man who clearly does not believe in American values. This moment in history cannot go unanswered
Senate needs to censure.  He's power crazed and just crazy.  He'll say anything and do anything to stay in power.

Denounce Antifa too.  Don't pick and chose your miscreant.  No real patriot should ignore their part of this hate equation!!
Too late. He meant what he said. Anything new he might say would be bullshit to appease people.
Agreed. Thank you for saying it.
Thank you from a constituent.
Great. Now do something about it other than tweet. #CensureTrump #ActionsNotWords
now - get the racists out of our White House!
Come on 5 days later? Seriously - where and why haven't you said this or done something before today?
Ty. Now remove Trump from office. I promise V.P. Pence will sign all the Bills passed through the Congress. Promise.
You already got one. Three in fact.
Anything less than @POTUS resigning is unacceptable
Impeachment would work too
Too bad you voted to take away our healthcare. This too late statement doesn't redeem you or your party.
Looks like you're next to get thrown under the bus, Senator! Congrats! Now, please DO SOMETHING with this disgraceful ... thing!
Trump on Nazis~ "Okay! Okay! I condemn white supremacy!" Looks over at Bannon..
Thank you, Senator.
He said it. He also says left violent offenders are bad as well. They shit a senator
Dan you have had my last vote, your liberal colors are showing
Dan you & Lisa have been agsinst Trump before the election, you Wanted him to drop out after his win, I'm a white voter stopsuckinguptoLisa
President Trump said that some came to protest with a permit, in a peaceful manner & then it turned violent. Both sides broke the law.......
Why does it always have to be about race  if one individual or group breaks the law, then arrest them, plain and simple, end of story.
Sometimes Senators are just blinded by facts & speak by what others propagate. President Trump spoke to this act of violence completely.
Hmm no mention from you on this either
It's a two way street Senator
Hmm - nothing from u on this group
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism …
As I said before about whataboutism - I don't care - pointing to double standards is the American way - it's Wiki
Thank you, Sen Sullivan! Please follow-up with concrete action to remove known white supremacists from the WH. (Bannon, Gorka, Miller, & ??)
Thank you, Senator Sullivan
He denounced them! Not the first time he has either but for you to not denounce ANTIFA has numbered your time in Gov.
Thank you for standing up against hate! Let's eliminate the problems!  IMPEACH!!!
Thank you senator! #DenounceTrump
Donald Trump does not represent you, me or most anyone beside White Supremacists. PLEASE do the right thing and remove him from office NOW!
Please help us!  @realDonaldTrump is #unfit. He is morally corrupt & mentally unstable. He will not only ruin @GOP but our whole country!
#ImpeachTrumpNow  he is a danger to our nation
Talk is cheap.  When will you DO SOMETHING TO STOP @POTUS from destroying our country?!?#25thAmendmentNow #impeach45 #FireBannonMillerGorka
Thank you for calling him out. Please push for impeachment/25th amendment. Trump is a Nazi sympathizer who's willfully dividing the country.
Is this not the same thing as opposing bigotry and racism? You need to grow a backbone and support our President.  #EncourageTrump
You may notice the people supporting you are liberals from another State.. you lost my vote
I think he should remember who elected him. It was not liberals in California
get over it already he's done that and more
Thank you,Sen Sullivan for calling out our clueless president.Please get your fellow senators to do the same, mine is Pat Toomey who hasn't
Or what?
Thank you for your stance. #impeach
gee Sen Sullivan. can you mention his name?  Sen. Murkowski said the potus was wrong.  She has what you obvious LACK.
Well said!
Glad to see some Republicans standing up and speaking out against our #RacistInChief Proud of @marcorubio #TrumpResignation #FireBannon
Anything less than #impeachment means you not doing your fing job! Go vote the Nazi out of office!

Sad  your a senator and you don't know what your president stands for.Actions speak louder than words.
Thanks, but why are you afraid to list your party affiliation on your website?  Shouldn't that be right at the top of the About Dan page?
If he were to condemn them it would be another lie. This is who he is. He is one of them.
Oh look it's another political asshat trying to score political points. Dan should read up on history. Dan is correct about Nazis and KKK.
But what Dan evidently is ignorant of is the fact that Stalin committed ethnic cleansing as well and is on par with Hitler's atrocities.
Here Dan I'll make it easy. This an article by a Yale history professor detailing the complexity of this issue.
I implore you to watch the videos of the fights between the two sides b4 insinuating that @POTUS was ambiguous & incomplete in condemnation
The actions of both sides were appalling and an incredible embarrassment and disgrace for the United States
Thank you for speaking up, Senator Sullivan!
Correct!  
...unfortunately my friend you've got more chance of growing a fanny on your forehead.
but some of them are very fine people
Wow, thank you sen.sullivan, for showing integrity on this issue. from
an ak dem.
Then call on him to #resignnow
Words words words
Talk to your boss
Period? @POTUS did call them out ?  What are you people doing? Enoughh!! @SenDanSullivan  How about Worrying about Healthcare & Tax Reform?
Thank you, senator.
Thank you for your strong statement.
Now if he even denounced them, we couldn't believe him
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #doyourjob #ImpeachTrumpNow
Try showing some damn respect to @potus & supporters!!
Sounds like the typical Trump Coup supporter.  
The Senator remains partly in the closet for his coup support though.
Thank you Senator.  Shouldn't need to even be said.
Thank you 4 calling @realDonaldTrump out By Name having some Morals & Standing on the side of AMERICA Need more Republicans 2 do the Same
Thank you. We now wait for you to DO something
Bright boy, Trump did just that.
Atta guy Sen. Sullivan. Thank you from Montana
It's too late. Not credible.
#ImpeachTrump
He did that no less than 5 times in his press conference the other day, You just are mad he called out the left too.
Talk is cheap. When are you & the @GOP going to take action against @realDonaldTrump for his unAmerican spt of wht supremacists/nat'lists?
True, but it's not gonna happen. No one would believe Trump if he said the words. The play is to you and your colleagues, Senator.
Since this repudiation would be as disingenuous as the last, why would you find this acceptable?
He's done that multiple, multiple times. You people just refuse to accept it. Listen to Hannity's podcast, he disavowed them at least 12 ×s
Done.
Agreed. Speak to your colleagues & @repdonyoung and begin impeachment proceedings immediately.
Don Young is just as big of a racist, in my eye, as tRUmp. As a proud Alaskan Native/Hispanic, he lost my respect when he said Sp*ck.
That's horrible. I only came to AK fairly recently, so I hadn't heard that. Truly awful language and thinking from our rep. #votehimout
Don Young, sadly, isn't going anywhere. He's cemented his place in Alaskan politics for as long as he wants. Dan Sullivan, #voteHIMout
He's not going to do this. Pls get him out of OUR White House. Now. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Thank You, Senator. We Appreciate You! Everywhere I go I see How #SAD+#AFRAID Americans are with the "leadership"of @POTUS @RealDonaldTrump.
Thank you for standing up to hate and the supreme bully.  More of the GOP needs to follow this trend. RESPECT
words are good, actions are better. will you call on the House to #ImpeachTrump?
Anything less than action against this POTUS is unacceptable. If you speak but do nothing you condone his words and own his actions.
Thank you Senator Sullivan.
Thank you
What part of I strongly condemn don't you get. How about i really really really strongly condemn? Good grief. @realDonaldTrump
Why won't Trump just say "radical white supremacist terrorism"? He can't even say the words! The president is weak. Sound familiar?
If you're directing this tweet @realDonaldTrump, then please say so. And oh yes, #GOPdoSomething about it!
Did you miss this?  Not surprised.
If he doesn't then what?
Thank you for speaking out, Senator!
He did condemn. Remember- he read a teleprompter. Like a hostage. Then he took it back and blamed the victims. Do we need to do it again?
This is nothing new. The question is - what are you going to do to ensure there are consequences.
I know you're busy and all, but have you not been paying attention?
Check your ears. Trump completely denounced Nazis., KKK and white supremacists.
No he said both sides were wrong and then after the country rose up in anger THEN he said the kkk was bad.

totally untrue
Violence is always wrong. Trump was right, as you can clearly see from this video.
And if he doesn't? Which you know he won't. What will you do then, .@SenDanSullivan? #ImpeachTrump
Does it take a while for news to get to Alaska? Because the POTUS already did this...more than once. #15minutes #PCBandwagon
@MattMackowiak @POTUS
Muslim rams a car into crowd, Trump condemns in less than an hour. When his supporter does it, he needs 72 hours to confirm he had a permit.
he did that. 2x.  he used the word "CONDEMN" he also didn't say equal blame he said the other side "SHARES" in the blame. "NO SPIN"
Will you pressure Trump to remove White Nationalists Seb Gorka, Steve Bannon, and Stephen Miller? Words are good but we need actions
Will you condemn Trumps White Nationalist crusade to  protect the monuments of white supremacy blemishing so many Americans cities? #actions
So how many times should he do this before it is acceptable?
Thank you! Make sure you make him accountable with actions as well.
Thank you.  Now insist your party @gop do the same and eradicate the alt right from the party.
Trump Rally's really KKK Rally's, building #'s, Power & Fear!
Cucks gonna Cuck.
It's awesome seeing so many Republicans having the guts to call out Trump for refusing to condemn most of his base. Well done sir!
Restoring the Voting Rights Act would be something the House and Senator could actually DO, if you believe your words.
What are you doing about it? Words won't suffice, action is needed. Trump and several in the admin need to be removed. NOW
It took you long enough, @SenDanSullivan, but I'm glad you denounced the unacceptable racist remarks made by @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Thank you!
Thank you.
What actions will you and the GOP be taking to address this?
Is it wise for a politician to publicly castigate a significant segment of their constituent demographic?
Thank you!!!! From the American people!!
Huh, is your brow really really really really furrowed?  Without action - this is meaningless.  You "concern" doesn't mean a thing.
And anything less than ACTION by the House and Senate is unacceptable. The time for words has passed. Censure at very least.
Ok great! Now #Impeach45 and we're all good. Do the right thing for our COUNTRY not the @GOP Be a hero.
