Where's your leadership?

The people want the same insurance you have.

Do you need more time to figure that out?

Advocate for AK's People!
FIX ACA. Best 4 USA & GOP. Major GOP strategic move - be seen working w/ Dems FOR The People! Pray 4 John McCain. Wish we had his insurance.
11 million people use the #ACA Exchanges

Won't help to Destroy #Medicaid serving 75 million
including 1 of 5 Alaskans
#Alaska #SaveMedicaid
#NOTRUMPCAREBILL Where is the heart? Why would you want the people on fixed income to pay more? Premiums will go up as healthy drops out.
I am not your constituent however you have constituents like me that you represent:
Alaskans face high healthcare costs. Many are in need of help. Senate's Trumpcare bill let's us down. Vote NO, not Trump.
Quote of a Founding Father. Also the first psychiatrist. Prophetic.
This 'better' proposal will cause many of us to go uninsured; outcome will be  detrimental to millions. This DOESN'T make us "Great Again"!
Vote no on the Medicaid killing, uninsuring 23 mil people, pre-exist cond wealth care bill. Support Ak right for good health
PLZ have same courage on AHCA. VOTE N ON AHCA. PPL not party. CBO:FACTS & facts R facts. We listen & watch. Plz DON'T let us down.
Vote no on the health care bill.  It is not good for us seniors!
This bill is going to further hurt low income Alaskans. This bill is bad news for us please do the right thing and vote against it.
John Locke developed the concept of "Social Contract." Strongly influenced our Founding Fathers. All Americans should have health care
62,500 Alaskans will lose health coverage under TrumpCare. Equals ALMOST ALL of population of Fairbanks North Star Borough. VOTE NO for AK!
Your personal ideology of white/wealthy privilege does not belong in a debate over health care and the wellness of ALL Alaskans.
All data shows this bill is going to hurt vulnerable Americans. It should not pass w/o a proper CBO score, and time for full debate.
Every living person will need health care. The system requires insurance to get care. Thus everyone needs insurance.  Make it happen.
I don't see how anyone can call this a healthcare bill when it takes "care" away from so many. This bill is not good for anyone.
#ACA not sustainable cuz 45's neg talk & @GOP sabotaged it causing insur backouts & high deducs They can FIX IT! http://nyti.m s/2jB0le4
Vote no please. Alaskans have enough budget problems without a needless healthcare crisis thrown on top.
You seem to care a lot for Veterans.  If this is true you should #VoteNoBCRA if only for how it will hurt people with mental health issues.
We're waiting on your response.
repeal and do not replace. It would be the biggest tax cut in history. 1000. A month. 10000. Deductible. What a joke it is.
What possible AK-specific issues could make up for cuts to #Medicaid that will hurt 1/4 of Alaskans?
http://dhss.alaska.gov/News/Documents/press/2017/Impact-on-Alaska-of-Medicaid-Provisions-in-House-Passed-AHCA_6-21-2017.pdf …
#AHCAKills
Please vote no, regardless of any last min minor edits made. Trading healthcare for tax cuts for those who don't need them is morally wrong
I have confidence in you Sen. Sullivan.  You always have Alaskans best interest....unlike Lisa......
You can't pretend that welfare for billionaires is going to fix the healthcare system. This bill will kill more Americans than ISIS could
No to trumpcare! Repeal obamacare completely only! #UnitedForFreedom!
Please vote NO on this bill. Terrible for many children, seniors and disables on Medicaid insurance. Lives may be lost if this bill passes.
No on the BRCA! Hurts America! Hurts Alaska! ACA is a great framework! Get to work fixing it! Enough with wasted energy on repeal! 
Bob Casey did a good tweet fest on the new plan.
Going through this disaster of a 'health care' plan now. https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf …
Reading, listening and meeting with you is poor use of my valuable time. Stop supporting for profit attack on the poor. SnglPayer is coming!
I don't understand how a bill only 16% of the country supports can even be up for a vote. That's not representative democracy.
NOW U MUST STAND UP FIGHT BACK DAN ,BULLY PAPER PREZ NEEDS 2B  SHUT DOWN,U TELL YOUR MOM NOW PAY UP OR DIE MOM,,, DOESN'T SOUND WELL HUH

We are all just one bad accident away from permanent disability and lifelong reliance on Medicaid.
The bill has nothing to pharma or hospitals to reduce costs, kinda makes it look like a big tax break for rich, oh yea, it is...
Get some real advisers to help you understand health care in AK. It is clear from your language you have no idea what you are talking abt
This bill is just plain mean. Tax breaks for the rich and the rest of us suffer. Counting on you to FIGHT it!
Thank you for your continued efforts to put Alaskans 1st in the health care debate. Reforms need to be made the right way so AK isn't hurt.
TrumpCare is the greatest attack on Americans that Alaska has ever had. 23 million will lose health insurance so wealthy get a tax cut.
Vote NO for the proposed BCRA if you truly care about Alaskans and Americans who make less than the rich 2%!!!!
Complex legislation doesn't get rushed through behind closed doors.  Health care is about CARE. Work with professionals in the health field.
It is a tax break for the wealthy hidden under the hatred of Obamacare.  Just because it needs change doesn't make this the change we make.
Support the Republican agenda.
I hope you take into account the poor that cannot work and have no access to healthcare
I feel like no matter how cruel this bill, you will follow step with the GOP & not vote in AK best interest. ACA is not failing, stop lying.
Doublespeak! Elderly and poor suffer under Senate Trumpcare. Wealthy (like me) get $$. Senate bill is greedy and immoral. Vote NO!
Give up your insurance if you vote for this POS.
Why would you vote for a bill your own colleagues wouldn't let you see?
We need the essential health benefits and preexisting conditions to still be covered
this bill will absolutely make things worse for Alaskans, Senator.
So put you in the "nay" column for this POs then?
