yet your voting is equal to blind leading blind off a cliff when denying #reality or #PROFIT
...not unlike the last 8 yrs of obstruction 
A Senatorial temper tantrum? No, ridiculous is senators wearing noise canceling headphones and blinders (YOU! You, halfwit!)
An insult. Really. You are a child. Those Democrats are patriots, and you are a traitor.
what about the last 8 years of republican temper tantrums?!? At least dems are protecting the people not their wallets
.@SenDanSullivan @EPWMaj @AGScottPruitt Obviously you care more about your Koch & Exxon donors than the air,water & warming of this planet
hmmm...VERY similar to that tantrum R's threw for A YEAR with Obama's Supreme Court nominee
You do REALIZE that SMOG will AFFECT U TOO. Or are you promoting INHALERS for asthma again? #Moron
so changing the rules to suit your purpose is A OK? That's a temper tantrum
Republicans need t remember that there are more non-republicans in America. Think past your 'mandate'
Said the people who refused to vote on Garland for SCOTUS. Hypocrites.
In ONE DAY Pruitt has to reveal awaited letters from oil cos  that will show his collusion
I respectfully disagree. Pruitt is Wrong Man for this job.
I guess you haven't been paying attention for the last 8 years
and completely pissing on the concerns of the majority of Americans is called?
I will not support your cabinet confirmation here.
I will not support your cabinet confirmation there.
You could careless. This tweet is just you grandstanding. If U truly cared you would vote 'NO".
You would know a temper tantrum quite well. The president you "applaud" is a expert at them.
No it's them protecting our Democracy & listening to the people. You should try it sometime.
Please vote NO on Pruitt.  He will enable industry to poison our air, water, & earth.  NO
Curious. How is a Dem boycott a "temper tantrum" but 8 years of  GOP obstruction is not?
they learned it by watching you the last 8 years
and the republicans never did something like this? Stand up for Alaskans Dan, not the republicans
maybe it's just democracy?
DO UNTO OTHERS AS YOU WOULD HAVE THEM DO UNTO YOU. --but do it first. That's how bible thumpers think
What about when Republicans delayed Gina McCarthy's confirmation? Did you scold your colleagues then? #endoppositionpolitics
Dan keep throwing softballs out to the cabinet members.
What? They're just following McConnell's secret order to do to Trump and you what you did to Obama.
Merrick Garland.
- not tantrums, but opposition, righteously, against a counterproductive nominee. Unbelievable!
please don't preach about tantrums. Rep filibustered 100s of times in past 8 yrs. & shut down govn
your Tweet; 31 likes. @KeithOlbermann responded and got 1300 likes. You're on the wrong side of history Senator D-bag
Great statement.
Republicans use delay tactics it all the time, the EPA is important to AK and should be defended against those who attack it
Senator, as my public servant, please be dignified. DO NOT act like Trump w/ childish tweets. 99501
what would you call the last eight years under Obama? And his SCOTUS nomination?
Y'all like lead in you water and asthma for your kids.
NOW you are asking for bipartisanship after 8 years of blocking? Republican hypocrites as always.
No, they're doing their patriotic duty. Something you know NOTHING about.
Senate Democrats are trying to save our country from the Republicans who are trying to destroy it.
Do the MIB stop by once a year and flashy thingy republicans to forget what GOP has done previously?
Good Job sir. Alaska will Thank you.
Let the record reflect that Republicans insist on rubber stamping unqualified cabinet nominees....
Did the GOP whine and bitch during the last 8 years? But you never saw the protests like you see now.
and the boycott of Obama's pick for the Supreme Court was what exactly?
How does it feel to be on the other side of a tantrum, Senator? You spent 8 yrs doing it. @EPWMaj @AGScottPruitt
The 112th congress was the least productive in modern history -- full of damn @gop.
I'm sorry, no moral highground - you refused to vet @POTUS44 SCOTUS pick which u were obligated to do
You Putz! I still remember @gop Green Eggs and Ham! A total flipping waste of tax dollars and time.
Is that also true about your 6 GOP Senator colleagues with @EPWMaj today that boycotted Gina McCarthy's vote in 2013?

judge Garland! Karma, bitches!
No, it's called not wanting a loon heading up a vitally important agency. #savetheEPA
GOP complaints of Dems "temper tantrums" is hypocrisy. A vote for Pruitt is a vote AGAINST the EPA.
as opposed to all of your obstruction tactics
exactly what Obama went through and the jokers/trash at @GOP did the same . Trash
Just wondering what you call the non-action on Judge Merrick Garland? #NotMyPresident
and we're aghast as we've never seen such antics before--ha!
You don’t think it’s a good idea for the nominees to explain why they didn’t lie to the committee in their previous meeting?
because nominee is an ass. How can u b head of EPA when want 2 destroy environment. Vote GOP out 2018
Wait, what? Oh for a sec I thought u we're talking about GOP 2009-2016.
like the tantrum you threw when refusing to confirm Supreme Court nominee for nearly a year? #irony
Maybe they don't want a puppet of corrupt big oil as the chief of the EPA? The guy who sues EPA 14x?
you haven't seen anything yet KGB Sullivan champion of putin-trump.
- gutless!  What do you call the last 8 years of republican standoff? I'm ashamed of you
it is an obvious signal that you or the current administration have no regard for the agency itself
embarrassing is appointing a man to head an agency that he has tried to sue multiple times.
Yeah, Republicans have been sooo grown up & respectful of the democratic process for the last 8 years
I think their frustration echoes what the majority of Americans they represent are feeling.
Hatch’s hypocrisy:Utah Rep wants Dems to follow the rules he shattered
you did the SAME DAMN THING in 2013
it was ok when GOP did this to Obama's SCOTUS nominee, but not for Dems to do the same? hypocrites
and didn't the republicans boycott Garland and many, many others judges
and what was it when GOP failed to give Garland a hearing????
So much like GOP for last 8 years! Welcome to our lives!
u ?really want to be associated with this fascist leader IN THE WORDS OF YOUR LEADER SO VERY VERY SAD
Maybe you should listen to their concerns and also take a really long look at yourself in the mirror.
and Republican refusal to even hold a hearing on SCOTUS nom?  Double standard as usual.
I guess you'd know what one looks like...
Shame on you. Try standing up for us!
Is that compared to the 8 years of a GOP temper tantrum? Or did you forget? @EPWMaj @AGScottPruitt
Pruitt closed Oklahoma office of EPA
Now fracking earthquakes larger and increased over 10 times!
but.....We learned it from you......#themoreyouknow
Sen Sullivan, you are all hypocrisy at its highest level.
Did you forget 8 years of GOP obstruction during Obama administration?  How about non vote for SCOTUS
By the way, that's called "our Constitutional democratic process." Read about it.
why do they keep saying the people elected him? Lost the popular vote. Lost it. Period. Lost. Loser.
You are an enabler for fascists.  Shame.
Where have you been hiding for the last 6 years?
You practiced this behavior and then some for 8 years. Stop whining! Payback is hell, right?
Only because he isn't on your side, Senator
Send @AGScottPruitt back to do his homework on useful regs. You know, like clean air, clean water acts. #HavesomePCB
You Senator are what is wrong with American politics. You will be held accountable, we will remember.
You got the Dems' "advice," just not their "consent." So sad! #hypocrites
There's yr legacy set in stone. U - part of those who intitated, plotted 2 erode democracy 4 fascism
Another Republican who will be remembered in history as a traitor to his country.
Sadly for you history remembers the enablers who aid bringing fascists to power. Pathetic
your hypocrisy is boundless.
 You sir r a traitor 2 the Constitution & will not hold ur position after next election #CountOnIt @EPWMaj @AGScottPruitt
Really? Then what were the last 8 years all about? #GOPHypocrisy #GOPTreason
You couldn't get elected dog catcher here in Brooklyn, with 2 million more inhabitants than your entire state!
What was that you said? I can't hear you over 125 days of denying Merrick Garland
If they're not going to lose their temper at the point of a rising fascist dictatorship, what good are they as senators?
Right Scott! Satnding true to your values is a Tantrum! Have you seen Trumps twitter? Hypocrite much?
Indeed that's what I called it when GOP refused to even meet w Garland.
They learned from the best. You can't erase the facts.  @EPWMaj @AGScottPruitt
U phrased correctly: ...ppl who voted for trump. Democratic leaders r listening 2 their constituents
You people are incredible in your ability to spew hypocrisy. 8 yrs of obstruction or did you forget?
You would know.  How did the GOP get rewarded 4 their do-nothing childish tantrums? we didn't forget
Then you'd agree such was also the case when senate Republicans refused to even hold hearings on Pres. Obama's Sup. Ct pick?
Shame on you. Rep had a tantrum for 8 years so be it if the shoe is in the other foot. #resist
The idea u believe in bipartisanship is the most laughable statements u have ever made. @EPWMaj @AGScottPruitt  #resist #EPA
How does it feel to harm the American people? Do you & @HouseGOP enjoy playing God? #Hypocrite @EPWMaj @AGScottPruitt
We should expect clear thinking from someone representing the State that gave us Sarah Palin?
Here's a senatorial temper tantrum @SenDanSullivan
What is there-  4 words per page? Cruz is such a fool
They are listening 2 their constituents. The taxpayers pay their wages, they are answerable to them.
You're right. American people do deserve better. Better than a science denier like @AGScottPruitt .
Bet it feels good knowing that soon all the people you don't like will be poisoned by their drinking water.
┳┻|
┻┳|
┳┻|
┻┳|
┳┻|
┻┳|
┳┻|
┻┳|
┳┻|
┻┳|
┳┻|
┻┳|
┳┻| _
┻┳| •.•)  (Merrick Garland)
┳┻|⊂ﾉ  
┻┳|
No, it's democracy in action. It's a sad, dangerous day when you forget that.
Would that be anything like the eight year republican obstructionist temper tantrum during Obama?
, 62 mil out of a country of 309 mil isn't exactly "all Americans" especially when HRC won by 3 mil.
our dems have a mandate. Obstruct, block & make him a one term pres. if not, I'll stay home next vote
.@SenDanSullivan @EPWMaj @AGScottPruitt.    Kind of what the Republicans did to Obama.
(1) Electoral College brought in minority choice (2) very few Trump voters voted due to this issue
wouldn't that be the government shutdown the @GOP caused in 2013? #resist
Seriously, do you believe we don't remember what you did and what you are now doing?
you en masse refused scotus nominee.
History will place you firmly in the Fascist column. #ImpeachTrump #RESIST
It's called real leadership, respecting the views of a majority of Americans.
talk about temper tantrum remember 8 yrs of obstruction? KARMAS a bitch eh?
like what the GOP did against Obama for 8 straight years? Hypocrite much?
U R enemies of the constitution &Bill of Rights. Your #AuthoritarianRegime is the death of democracy.
similar to the one Republicans did for BO's nominee?  Acknowledge this  and defend or FOH w that bs
serving a Facist can lead to voter temper tantrums.
or maybe waiting for one of the tremendous candidates @realDonaldTrump promised -
and the 70 votes to repeal Obamacare WHILE he was still POTUS is so fucking mature?
.@SenDanSullivan but refusing a hearing on Garland for 294 days was OK? #hypocrite #pathetic
MERRICK GARLAND... ass-clown
Way to fall in goose step behind your leader, Senator.
Stop.it. SHAME on you it's not Dem v Rep. We the People...pretend we exist.
It's unfortunate you've opted to sell your soul to line your pockets #resist @SenDanSullivan @EPWMaj @AGScottPruitt
As opposed to republicans "I can't see you I can't hear you LA LA LA LA"
Why aren't Republican senators upset about unqualified crony nominations?
.@SenDanSullivan How does it feel to bring in fascism, Senator? Do you feel good? YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED.
I'm sorry.  I recall the Republicans blocking a nominee for the Supreme Court.  #potmeetkettle
Pruitt is a fool and a corporate shill. Funny how you forgot about the last 8 years. Karma sucks
did you forget when your party did the same thing?
No. It is a principled stand against dismantling the important work of this agency.
.@SenDanSullivan @EPWMaj @AGScottPruitt if anyone knows about Senatorial temper tantrums, it's the @SenateGOP
, one word to describe these Republicans, "HYPOCRITES". Each and every one of them. 2018!
How about you stop accepting all of the unqualified nominees instead of complaining?
Traitor. You are treasonous to your employers-the citizens of the US.
Yes, see the last eight years.
you haven't seen anything yet. You and your agenda are the minority opinions of this country #resist
You mean kind of like not confirming a SCOTUS nominee for almost a year?
History does not remember those who propped up authoritarian regimes very kindly.
You're in no position to accuse others of that, you partisan hack.

Do a better job.
Just wait, you have not seen anything yet. We will RESIST you Trump fans with all our energy
Did you forget 8 years of republican obstruction during Obama administration? #doublestandards
have you not been listening to the criticisms? If you are at all concerned about enviro issues, he's not the guy.
he wants to drill for oil in the Arctic.   This guy will be OK with that. Scary.
ad one "speck" of American populace, I'm pretty tired of Democrats "tantrums"
You are in the minority, Twitter egg. Get used to it.  #Resistance
