
Ftbb
the time its over for  Kim Jong Un
To believe a liar or not to believe a liar, that is the question!.......I guess anything to try and deflect from Russia.
What's the Senators point? Ignore Kim? Pacify him with money? Remove our fleet from the pacific?  Where was he the past 22 years?
Same with POTUS, do you think! God forbid
One cannot assume FNN is rational either.
North Korea is Targeting the two most Liberal Cities in the U.S... you Darn right these Snowflakes need to Step to the Plate !!!


We can't assume @realDonaldTrump is either. What is his end game? How will it be accomplished? His rhetoric is indefensible.
Elaborate.
Nor the most recent Commander in Chief.
Your just now figured that out. Come on CNN. Step it up
You two need to learn what OUR Constitution states. THE POTUS has the authority to act for 90 days even before he notifies Congress. Wake Up
If you had to choose from Bill Clinton, Obama, or Trump who would you want protecting your RUMP from North Korea ?
North Korea is Targeting the two most Liberal Cities in the U.S... you Darn right these Snowflakes need to Step to the Plate !!!
Hell we can't assume DJT Sr is rational either. Everything he's done thus far says he's not rational and is a loose cannon with Nuc codes.
Kim Jong Un is a kid with ICBM. Wants to rattle the biggest kid in the neighborhood. His army should take him out before he dooms everyone.
@OutFrontCNN @CNN A lead outfront cheer 1 2 3 4 who's nice anchoring doing is appreciated and seriousness is admire Erin Erin Yay
@OutFrontCNN @CNN - Unnecessary doing should not be a doing
Bomb them
Kim has not made any war yet unlikely with US. Is that the reason?? I am not with Kim. we should not add any tension on the peninsula.
really? what about Trump??
Why didn't you tell that to Obama?
We can't assume that Trump has any common sense so what's your point?!
Great job now war has been tweeted !
Attention all dictators while you attack America ...Trump , the media will hold you up higher than a democrat holds up Senator @cindymccain
So why taunt him with a fate worse than Hiroshima or Nagasaki?
Same can be said of Trump.
There's no assumption needed. He's NOT rational period. Anyone that even suggests that. Is clearly out of there mind. And in denial.
Wow..you snowflakes are more worried about what Trump will do and not Kim Jong Un.  Why do liberals hate America?
seems no one trusts DJT mentality. Same as kim Jong un.
Well we can't assume that POTUS is rational or motivated  to negotiate than bloviate. Two unstable personalities what could go wrong.
Scientific studies have now proven that North Korea nuclear bomb is actually Kim Jong Un's lunch box!
aren't you in denial!
@radiostieren @SenDanSullivan Agree w/Sen Sullivan. U may not like DT but to compare him to NK leader?
When can we assume @realDonaldTrump is rational?
Can't assume at all...lol
Let the libatards glow in the dark or back Trump.
Or 45 either.
They really can be that stupid, can they?
Of course
Fucking terrifying that you can switch out KJU for DT and it is the same exact statement
That is great because we sure do not have a rational prez either.
Nor can you assume that DJT is rational
#25thAmendmentNow!
We know that Trump is far from being rational.
@realDonaldTrump is also not a rational actor in this. Please force hand on congressional approval of war. Check this idiot
Are you getting that he's of the opinion he can do no wrong? He doesn't appear to harbor much self-doubt.
He's not..
#whitehelmets Tapestry of Terror - White Helmets Exposed As FSA Terrorists Linked With ISIS
When it comes to Crazy DJT isn't even in the same room as this guy, what's left of the State Dept. needs to De-Escalate the situation.
I don't assume that CHUMP is rational either. Anyone that lies like he does, CANNOT BE. So, we're all in trouble.
Cooper & Clapper disparage Trump's tough talk-Seems they prefer to cow tow & surrender-Remember #AmericaFirst
In a no-win military situation, you negotiate. Or more people die. Trump is too stupid to understand the situation.

Other than acting to impress to oppress his own people, which is the "Kim Dynasty" status quo. What else is not rational "Jong Un's" acts?
We already know CNN is not rational. Stop Warmongering! #AmericansDontWantWar
Unfortunately the same can be said for a certain Orange faced guy who happens to be the president.  It's the truth ...
Can't assume Jong-un is rational. We know Trump is not rational.
Two negatives...lol
Not a positive

Whistleblower TarrefSimon is bring attention tothe contaminatedwater @ the VA.#Justice4Vets
http://setexasrecord.com/stories/511049238-former-worker-accuses-veteran-s-administration-medical-center-of-dirty-water-conditions … 

Whistleblower TarrefSimon is bring attention tothe contaminatedwater @ the VA.#Justice4Vets
http://setexasrecord.com/stories/511049238-former-worker-accuses-veteran-s-administration-medical-center-of-dirty-water-conditions … 
