please vote no for DeVos. We don't want our special needs children near her. Parents, teachers and our children matter
that's RICH. Hello pot. I'm the Kettle.  You are BLACK. #Karmaisabitch
silly snowflakes all of them
your wrong on this take your time and get it right
This is not a dictatorship-yet. I'm glad that at least some lawmakers are seeking to protect us. Get a spine.
you accepted money from Devos; now who else lined your pockets to take down EPA?
Lisa has earned my vote for re-election by listening to the people- you so far have not.
Repubs obstructed Obama & wouldn't give his pick 4 SCOTUS a hearing Stop the hypocrisy & be an American 1st & not #GOPhack
The Republicans haven't worked for eight years. #powerhungry
The Republican Party has held power to GET TO WORK for nearly 7 years and failed to provide any action! #obstructionists.
You have lost any future votes from me.
please consider the children first. Devoss has no business running this dept and further line her pkts
Yes they're doing their jobs  doing what is right for the people @SenateGOP @SenateDems  #VoteNoDevos She is NOT qualified!
Hypocrisy and liars do not serve the American people either
good luck when the majority of Americans DO NOT believe in what you are doing!
I’m not paid to write to you. My taxes pay you to attend to this. Not going away. Voter with the majority.
Do you serve the American people?  Or are you another @realDonaldTrump bootlicker??#DumpDevos
I will give money to your campaign for vote against DeVos, our children go to public schools & we can't afford their looting
Pruitt doesn't serve American people & apparently you don't either. Don't engage in hypocritical BS & save our land. Help us
Be reasonable! Show some good faith! Stop DeVos! She is woefully unqualified and YOU are SELLING OUT OUT KIDS!  #StopDeVos

listen to the people you work for- vote no to DuVos. Stand up for what is right for AK kids.
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
What do you call what the Republican Senators did to Garland? #MerrickGarland
U can't escape wht your party did and is now a part of which is destroying democracy & spreading hate and fascism!
bahahahhaha, quit whining your validating what people think of the Democrat's
how do you like working for the Kremlin, bot?
.@SenDanSullivan You whined certain Senators are obstructing cabinet nominees. Then tell YOUR Pres. to make better choices. #SwampThings
But Pruitt is the exact opposite of what the EPA needs. Put up a good nominee, get a quick vote.

hmm seems they are doing what you did for 8 years. Not to mention the millions who are speaking out via calls & social media
The last eight years GOP didn't want to work for the people. Don't follow Trump on behalf of WSTREET & Big Oil. #WERWATCHING
Dems/Independents had 8 years of GOP temper tantrums, you've had a few days of opposition to disastrous, unqualified persons
This is what 8 years of GOP tantrums look like (and these aren't all the filibusters or blocking BO's SCOTUS nomination)
thanks!
Complain about delay tactics? The republicans left many federal judges and a supreme court Nominee in limbo with no hearings
REJECT PRUITT please!! You live in Alaska and should firsthand know and see how vital the EPA is! Pruitt will destroy it!
You have no soul, sins of the father. ..........
Did you say same thing when Obama was in office? If no, you sir are a hypocrite.
please reject DeVos
looks like a lot of people who are on you Twitter feed are not Alaskan.  Please ignore any non Alaskans.
Thank you Dan.  I feel the same way.  Time to get to work.  Please vote yes for Devos.
I hope you will vote against Ms deVos. The futures of hundreds of thousands of children are at stake. Tks!
Where is the talk of federal overreach when it comes to women's health issues. #PlannedParenthood
Easy to say for one who blocked legislation for the past 6 years. #Senate
the gop are a disgrace. Quit trying to screw us over if you want us to stop rooting for delays
NO ON DE VOS!!!
that's hysterical considering the obstructionist tactics by Republicans the past 8 yrs.
How dare you place blame on Democrats. You disgust me. History will remember you as an ally of Trump, a traitor to the U.S.
- pot, meet kettle
Betsy DeVos told you these things - and you BELIEVED her? In defense of our kids: SHAME ON YOU
please look in the mirror and acknowledge you're part of the problem.
don't dismantle out clean air and water. We deserve better not less.
why have you not listened to you Senator in saying no to Devos? Your people don't want her yet you still say yes
I do not agree.  It is time to search your soul. Who do you serve?
so what the people want, no to DeVos #dumpdevos
I want them to delay as long as as possible, we need to stock as much clean water as possible before @GOP destroys it all
Don't confuse a strong difference of opinion with a delay tactic America deserves a "Clean" EPA chief.
please Senator... vote no for Betsy DeVos. Stand up for what's right. My autistic son and I thank you for your consideration
hearing U speak 2day on the floor was disgusting! R's have blocked progress for the last 8 yrs. It's time to work FOR US!
Impressive rhetoric, Now you try it, vet the cabinet choices properly, do something for the country
If you really are concerned about the  people @SenDanSullivan give some honest thought to DeVos vote. We Alaskans have said NO! Lisa agrees!
Hmmm. I don't remember the Republicans doing that when the Democrats held the majority.
A Republican talking about delaying something... Good joke Sen! #MerrickGarland
it doesn't serve the American people to support Bet$y DeVo$ - painfully obvious she is not qualified. Vote NO on DeVos
You have had years to do something, yet done nothing. This makes you complicit.
Obstruction by the GOP cost Dems SCOTUS and my future liberties. The resistors tell them not to resist?
you know who else doesn't serve Americans? The agenda of our new president. #NoDAPL #noban #nowall
Stop screwing those of us that actually work 12 months a year the ones that pay you and vote for you.
These people don't know the first thing about serving the people- money and greed is all they know. STAND with Lisa vote no
move back to Ohio where cowards live.   Or you could try standing up for Alaska for a change.  You let Lisa do all the hard.
plz research. Lisa largest Repub recipient of Teach Union $ /most goes to Dem/  hence reason for her vote
Murkowski stated clear differences with DoVos. Alaska wants to know why are lisa's conclusions incorrect?
The State of AK elected u, not POTUS not GOP. You rep us. AK doesn't want Dovus. Ppl will remember where you stood on this.
.@SenDanSullivan I hope in your heart of hearts you recognize the reason you get less calls than Lisa is because we *know* you have no spine
.@SenDanSullivan #ParentsAcrossAmerica say #VoteNOonDevos #ConflictsOfInterestMatter #StopDataMiningOurKidsForProfit http://campaign.r20.constantcontact.com/render?ca=ca0436d7-61c3-4c8c-9d8d-73c94a9174c3&preview=true&m=1104610489842&id=preview …
Surely you fucking jest
so I guess it's okay when Republicans did the same exact thing.
How did they serve the people when it was the Rep Party engaging in them? Put politics aside and do what's right for AK.
You delayed a floor vote on a Supreme Court Justice for almost a year. Do what you say. Say what you do. #Hypocrite
You are complicit in obstruction of government @SenDanSullivan and voters will remember.
2016 Sen. McConnell: There will not be hearings or votes. 

2017 Sen. McConnell: Treat our nominees the same as Obama's 
Are you trying to be a one term Senator? We won't forget. You can go back to your real home in Ohio.
follow Trump off the cliff, he is destroying the GOP. Be mindful, mid term elections.
haha. Pot calling the kettle black. Remember Obama's SCOTUS nominee you ignored for nearly one year?
Pls, you must know that DeVos is not qualified. Choose someone qualified. Stand up, make a difference. VOTE NO!
Devos, so terrible. You are spineless. Thank you @lisamurkowski
Shame on you for giving in to liberal activist and saying you will vote against DeVos
You are going down for your vote against DeVos.
like you all did over the last eight years? This coming from a not registered lib. See you what you've created? #shameonyou
please vote no on DeVos for Secretary of Education. She is extremely unqualified.
speaking of serving the American ppl, how about listening to your constituents and voting to #stopDeVos like @lisamurkowski
I'm still wondering where was this mentality for the past 8 years...you know, with the previous administration?
I have had a look at what you have done Sullivan! And that is nothing! Think you and the GOP have PHD is stall tactics#sad
really so what did the GOP do for the previous 8 years? I'll tell you stall tactics and not doing their jobs#fillingtheswamp
NO to Betsy DeVos!! Stand Up!
delay tactics...you mean the tactics Republicans used with Obama? Also,  please vote no on devos. Terrible pick
Kind of like all the delay tactics you did to obama and not giving him the supreme court pick?
Please do the right thing for our children vote no against DeVos!
You are a joke. Are you familiar with the EPA? I can't believe for a second that maybe you would block devos. Lemming
please stand with your colleague and public servant Lisa Murkowsky in opposing Betsy DeVos!
Please "get to work" by investing in Clean energy!!
I seem to remember you using the same tactics just a few months ago...
listen to your AK constituents!! Vote NO on Pruitt, No on DeVos.
Shishmaref, Kivalina, Newtok. Ring bells? They should. #nopruitt for #epa
Follow your conscience like @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski
Murkowski votes no. A member of the education committee, expert on Alaskan schools and a republican. Why is she wrong?
she does have a thicker wallet from the teachers union, $23,000+ to b exact. She has 2 vote w/Dems to keep her $
- You're pretty bold - but like President Shrimpdick, more people voted against you than for you #2020comingfast #swampking
that's hypocritical, even for the Senate. Prove you listen to your constituents, vote no on DeVos.
These appointments do not service the American public. Quit whining https://youtu.be/qS7nqwGt4-I  #MerrickGarland
really? Have you ever delayed anything. Stakes are greater now so put country over party and do the right thing.
the GOP never got to work @SenDanSullivan
PLEASE vote no on DeVos! It is absolutely critical for Alaska's kids!
I suggest you reflect upon your last year in the Senate, and the last 8 years in the Senate. Hypocrite.
you are embarrassingly BAD. your party is the party of obstruction
Classic! Congress didn't care about serving the American people the last 8 yrs. We haven't forgotten, quit pretending!!
You should be ashamed of yourself!!
Stop it Dan.
Stand up for our planet.
You Accept $ from Duke Coal when renewables are cheaper!
Lead Clean Energy!
it's time to listen to your constituents
I am underwhelmed with his qualifications or lack thereof
.@SenDanSullivan but the same tactics employed by your party under Obama was serving the public good somehow?
What a craven, hypocritical Republican you are.
How much did the Russians pay you? Did they promise you something? The Devil charges a high price & you WILL pay eventually
how hard did you try to work with former President Obama? Or did you delay along with your colleagues?
you must have PISSED about what the Republicans did to Merrick Garland... Oh, wait...
SAD if we had to import water due to environmental disasters from factories & industries. Don't pick money over our health.
What about the tactic you used?
oh you guys! Read much Orwell?
my apartment is going to be underwater in a decade because of people like you
apparently the last 8yrs meant nothing. Republican shut the government down.  Alaska is sinking from global warming.
I wonder where they got the idea to obstruct?

if you love this country you would block as well. Pruitt anti everything EPA is about. Trump admin is dangerous. #resist.
You, sir, do not serve the American people. You want anarchy for your donors, you shall have it.
Really? Did you call for a vote on #MerrickGarland? No? Then WHAT are you talking about? #SCOTUSnominee
He's doing as Hitl... Bannon has instructed him to.
wow how does that irony taste coming out of your mouth following blocking a SCOTUS nominee for 300 days under Pres. Obama?
It's not the delays, its the cabinet picks themselves that don't/won't serve Americans.
remember the AK villages being swallowed by the sea? #climatechange
then protect the environment and say no to Pruitt
Respectfully Senator, you participated in delay tactics and did not serve the American people.
As an American citizen I applaud their efforts to find out if nominees did indeed lie to Senate committee. U should b 2.
.@SenDanSullivan Dan are Pro-Cancer! https://www.cancer.org/cancer/cancer-causes/diesel-exhaust-and-cancer.html …
.@SenDanSullivan Diesel is a carcogengic causing priduct! I agree get to work kicking out the Oil snakes and pack of minions.
hopefully you mean "get to work to keep waters fishable and swimmable" Air breathable, water drinkable, etc.
