"One sided"?  I missed the whole Palestinian settlements in Israel thing. I am deeply disgusted.
shame on you. your party is now the english LAbour under Corbin, Jew-Haters, corbinistas, and drooling haters. good for you.
Israel is engaged in a land grab & you are supporting it???We need a challenger
Wyden I understand why u feel this way.  But we are all not Jewish like you.  So in closing "who cares about Israel". #privacy
uhhhhh if by unfair you mean it's unfair that the Palestinians had to wait this long for a toothless UN resolution, then yes.
The @UN is a colossal waste of tax money.
"Actions like this bring us *closer* to the peace we all want to see." There. Fixed it for you. #yourewelcome
Can you please explain why Israel should be allowed to violate international law at will? Thank you in advance for your prompt response.
You are the one that is an embarrassment! Oregonians should be emabarrassed to have voted for you!
No, stopping illegal settlements gets us closer to peace. I support you in most things, but you're inexcusably wrong on this one.
how is not supporting one side's violence taking us further from piece?
.@RonWyden UN Res puts incitement & failure to combat terrorism by *Palestinians* on par w/ settlements as violations of international law.
goddammit, ron.
damn it Ron
Coward!  Enough already.
Israel should be able to oppress Palestinians and steal everything right? The only problem is that this resolution has no teeth.
yeah things were going so great before!
You are so wrong on this issue!
You're badly mistaken, and you're also better (and smarter) than this.
I think I the same you do about privacy, but Israel has done this to themselves by continuing to build in illegal areas.
you'd make a wonderful conservative if you'd reconsider your lust for abortion.
If our gov wanted peace, we'd STOP PROVIDING WEAPONS & BILLIONS of tax dollars 4 US sponsored genocide. Hypocrites.
Peter, I hope you are ready to take over because the grey panther has Alzheimer's
I thought that Egypt pulled the resolution yesterday after  @realDonaldTrump spoke out against it?
what peace is that? More Israeli ethnic cleansing of Palestinians & their land till there's no one to pretend peace with?Hypocrite
I respectfully disagree. We have given Israel our unending support and yet they take. Something has to be done
This is why people voted for Trump.
"unfairly targeting?" where's the love for int'l law?
is right, and this conflict is not hard to understand. 

https://youtu.be/8EDW88CBo-8 
one of the few times I agree with you, but you can't be shocked we have had 8 solid years of anti israeli policy coming from POTUS
there's nopeace process as long as children r killed using r money & Land is stolen. We r not Israel, uwork 4 US. Stop supporting apartheid
I highly doubt you know what peace is. You're blinded by AIPAC.
building settlement s on Palestinian lands illegally is the major hurdle on the peace process
#StopMakingShitUp
Bull. Bibi's Greater Israel wet dream will be majority Arab and one hot mess. The Islamic State of Israel is closer with every settlement.
the only peace is a two state solution. Allowing Israel to continue building, illegally by international law, furthers peace
I'm one of your constituents, Mr. Wyden. Deeply disappointed by your support of illegal Israeli settlements on Palestinian land.
"The peace we need to see," careful they could get sued for infringing on our copyright on Manifest Destiny
Good job, Progs! Way to show us your true colors. Won't be forgotten. #canthelpyourself
I support Israel, but the settlements are taking us further from peace.
So disappointed, Senator. I was hopeful you were more evolved than the common binary stance within the U.S. Congress. Donors, tho.
The right does not want peace nor will they ever come to an agreement. Israel needs the Christian boogie man to survive!
Your continued support for Palestinian genocide is truly shameful, Ron.
I have to disagree with you on this point. Israel has been aggressively pushing their borders beyond what will lead to settlement.
rethink this Ron
unfair
Explain to me how a statement hurts Israel in any possible way, Senator
With all due respect sir, bullshit.
people that really care about Isreal care more about it turning into a fascist, apartheid state.
are you also sick of Obama, & looking forward to Drumpf like your BFF Bibi?
Below is a statement by Israel's Prime Minister Office. 
I live in Oregon. I voted for you. Why not use your platform to actually discuss the resolution versus bandwagon pan it?
I guess the peace *you* want to see is Israel grinding the Palestinians into the dirt.
respectfully, I read the resolution. It calls for Israel to respect the 1967 boarder and to abide by existing international law.
The Republican from New York. Oregon deserves a senator who actually lives here.
Wyden is an excellent senator.  Supported TPP, Internet privacy, lowering prescription drugs. "Israel a Zionist."
Further than what? How close were we - a few light-years?
The same type of talk would be found by Americans breaking treaties with Indians. It impedes peace process. Takes more land.
U wonna c peace? Then turn around & join the peaceful
Not sure but aren't illegal settlements actually in the way of a peace process? Let's sit down and talk it through.
You're badly mistaken on this, Ron - signed, an Oregon voter
Dreadful. I hope you get primary challenged for this. Obama admin should have voted for the resolution, not just abstained.
next time you tweet something like this, please include names of each sponsoring donor who paid you to take this awful position
"Greater Israel" is majority Arab. You really want to eradicate the Jewish State of Israel and replace it with an Islamic state? Not me.
what does that have to do with Israel stealing land for settlements & breaking the Geneva Conventions, exactly?
you know nothing Oedipa Maas, nothing
I know Israel is an apartheid state along with the entire rest of the world, as we just saw. how does it feel?
feels great. you are an hypocrites. no surprise. Syria death toll is 500K no resolution possible. ganging on the jews, easy
disgusting
Jewish Reformist BULLSHIT. Palestinians have the right to exist. #BDS
the only thing that is 1 sided is US unconditional support of Israel  res simply restated longstanding US policy re settlements
Obamas last actions. He finally did something
Not really; he abstained.
Hope you get voted out and replaced by a progressive.
To BLOCK this resolution would be against US policy, in fact. You SHOULD be cutting $34b Israel aid if they don't comply, actually
Exactly. Aid to Israel should be contingent on reducing existing/no new construction & them acting as true peace partner.
thank you for doing the right thing. Please disregard the bigots.
Awww, I really liked you :(
Where was Ron Wyden when the settlements were expanding? Such politically expedient righteousness. Disgusting, Mr. Wyden.
What on EARTH is wrong with you?
it targets illegal settlements Senator Wyden. Are you in favor of the settlements?
What kind of peace do you think "we all want"? The kind where the not-we are all "gone"?
your stance on Israel is an embarrassment to the state of Oregon and the idea of fundamental human rights.
unfair?  You sound like Trump.
"I am deeply disappointed that the administration set aside longstanding US policy to allow such a one-sided resolution to pass.” @RonWyden
More and more Americans don't agree with your view.
You have to know that Bibi and trump have no interest in peace or two states. Why would we appease illegal behavior?
The truly ironic part is their one state? Majority Arab. Oops.
Why are you behind the rest of the world?Why do you support giving right-wing #Israeli govt cover?This is why Dems lose elections!
Exactly which "peace process" are you so worried about? The 1 where settlements and Trump Walls are built all over the West Bank?
Israel illegally seizes Arab land. UN & US are right ot condemn this. Part of the reason they're attacked
Your defense of illegal settlements and Israeli behavior is quite frankly a disgrace. You should be ashamed of yourself.
I rarely agree with you but thank you for your condemnation of Obama
I am appalled at your position on this. You and I will be discussing this at your next Portland town hall.
.@RonWyden You're holding line on so many imp issues & need you to be on Israel too-flagrant & persistent violations of Intl law must cease
you are so wrong on this. Settlements are a huge impediment to peace!
He knows. He's saying this for AIPAC.
if there was one
You seriously need to reevalute this.  Your position supports the murdering of innocent people. That is wrong.
There's a peace process?!
Israelis unfairly demolish poor Palestianians' homes in the West Bank what the fuck is this
Explain why Britain & France voted for the resolution? Do you condemn 2 of our allies for their vote?
no they didn't, the vote was 14-0. before commenting you should check facts
http://addictinginfo.org/2016/12/23/netanyahu-whines-about-u-n-resolution-refuses-to-abide-by-terms-like-a-true-tyrant/ …
Refusing to condemn illegal actions of our allies only results in the continued lack of peace that is the current reality.
The U.S. should never support a country that raids houses in the middle of the night and forcefully seize someone else's land.
you're not that stupid.
Ron, do better.
opposition to settlements *is* longstanding policy.
.@RonWyden how does building on occupied land help peace? You support apartheid and illegal annexation that violates even Israeli law.
As a person who has voted for you several times, your statement here is disturbing. Get on the right side here.
Bibi has no interest in peace
