.@LindseyGrahamSC @_cingraham You have zero proof of #RussianHacking. You're a tufu-licking  #warmongering fool. How's your #BFF Huma?
@janesports might want to tell trump and that asshole Paul Ryan
Paul Ryan is a sellout.  I have no respect for him.  Lindsey Graham and a few others are PATRIOTS!
go easy on the praise for Lindsey. He still wants #comradetrumpski sworn in.
I don't think he can say he is against Trump at this point.  If evidence of treason I'm sure he will change.
don't agree that treason should be the measure. If Russia interfered then we shouldn't be accepting the election results.
I agree unless Trump conspired with Putin.  If it's treason people need to be charged.
Agree but I think it needs to happen now. If he takes power the GOP will squash everything. They're already blocking investigation
I agree.  Fingers crossed we here something within the next day.  Hopefully @POTUS holds a press conference.
yes!  Our lives depend on it!
Never thought  @LindseyGrahamSC and I would be on the same page, but this... 
with ya!  Country over party.  We can all go back to sparring later after we save our own collective asses!
What are we going to do abt it? A large %, perhaps even the majority of Americans believe this was a flawed election.
Unthinkable that electors may not have transparency before Dec 19. What did Trump's advisors know and when?
@robreiner Senator Graham, you can start standing together by properly referring to the opposing party as "Democratic."
yes it undermines the integrity of our electoral process!  It damages American faith more than any single politician
unless Hillary was the real winner then... not so much right ?  I thought you guys knew last year?  Nice concern now
@Lawrence    Now take action.  It's your responsibility!
@JJohnsonLaw the American people wanted out of Iraq ASAP, it's not @POTUS that left Iraq too soon. Stop blaming him.
Thank you, sir
Couldn't agree more. Will you and @SenJohnMcCain join Dems in blocking Putin's cabinet picks until we get a proper panel?
Seriously, if the two of you want the bipartisan panel we need to get to the bottom of this, the best course
is to force a clearly unwilling Republican leadership to set one up if they want to do anything.
It was the Republican strategy to get power back and it worked. Might work here, but for a good cause
I hope that means you won't confirm the Russian-linked appointments
Go the F away. Hillary lost because of Hillary.
one day at the time
@robreiner you've got to do something. I told my brother b4 election if trump won we'd wake up in Russia 
@Lawrence I don't agree with most of your politics but you're right on the money here. I think most of the country agrees.
Thank you, Sen. Graham. Respect for your standing up for US democracy & national security. Those who don't aren't patriots.
Thank you so much, sir!  You are a true Patriot.
in this case, I'm hoping that means you will be pushing for declassification of all intel on the matter.
and a full hearing *BEFORE* Inauguration Day.
She insists AFTER her party steals a SCOTUS seat and elects an outright racist and misogynist
together - I'm not sure your party knows what that means.
@robreiner Never thought I'd be agreeing with Lindsey Graham.
You're a clown regurgitating Democrat talking points. Retire, Lindsey. Help your country for once.
You are mistaking "talking points" with national security.
False. Cite proof of this hacking and how it hurt election.  @LindseyGrahamSC
And the CIA is conclusive about the hacking. Forget whether it hurt anyone's campaign. The hack is the story
Yet has offered no proof, just like you and @LindseyGrahamSC.
It will offer proof to Congress. Wait and see.
Great! Once they do, if most agree, investigate. If Trump colluded, impeach. See? Easy. @grahamcraig3 @LindseyGrahamSC
@robreiner one cannot fathom how many Americans believe Russia helped with the " truth"- its mind blowing foolishness
Thank you, Sen. Graham for your leadership.
@maggieNYT Thank you, Senator Graham.
@MariaTeresa1 Why is this difficult to understand? Why is @POTUS NOT saying anything? This is an undeclared natl emergency.
class act, sir. Thank you, from a liberal.
Standing together. Thank you for speaking up. Please also act swiftly and strongly.
@HamiltonElector Why do you only have a problem with it AFTER the election?
@SenJohnMcCain Since you 2 seem to be the only Rs with a backbone, PLEASE do something!  #RussiaHacking
@DonnaThorson this dem stand with you.  This is an American thing.
Convince your GOP colleagues - they are MIA
Russian interference means Putin acted on Trump's behalf and you are a complicit for supporting of a rigged election.
if there were actually any evidence other than hearsay by the losing party...
again... no evidence of the Russians... conjecture. Also wut was uncovered is ignored. Yawn
sure it is... lots of hearsay and specious arguments...
The CIA oes not engage in hearsay or 'specious' arguments, you ninny.
riiiiight... http://time.com/3628324/torture-congress-lying-hayden …
Never happens. U guys really want 2 believe it.he'll still be president...
Sen.Graham The American public have been robbed of a fair election sir .To allow Trump the presidency signals Putin Win..
I would also like to point out that many crimes have been perpetrated against America by not only Team Trump but some GOP
does Graham mean "not a Republican or Democratic issue"? or "not a Republic or Democrat issue"?
splitting hairs, no?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democrat_Party_(epithet) …
I never imagined I'd be following you, but here I am. Please fight for us and our independence from Russian influence!
you lost. Get over it
and yet we won almost 3 million more votes than your puffy Russian puppet.
It's cyberwarfare and you know it didn't stop with hacking of DNC & RNC, and won't stop unless USA does something about it.
so... what was found isn't important? Wanna talk about that?
of course it wasn't, that's why it "interfered" with the American elections. consistency please!
sure, nothing. How's Donna Brazile vacations over nothing? 
it was enough to get Bernie supporters to vote trump, but it was 'nothing'...
journalists asking for vetoing stories for publication? Business as usual!
@thegarance Agree. What is disgraceful, is GOP and Trump's complicity and unwillingness to face the gravity of this.
the gravity of what was uncovered is fine though... mother of partisan derps
Are you serious? Are you a Trump-Putin sympathizer? If so, you are blocked.
Does typing in caps make you feel more authoritative?
"No, little man, it makes it easier for mental midgets like you to read big letters" re-wrote it for you.
Yes she does resemble a cave dweller ->@kimidwa
If we have proof Russia altered our election outcome, why has the President not said a thing?
@Lawrence Russia has declared war on the USA. Trump is clearly insane and in bed with Putin. Everyday he embarrasses us.
Thank you Senator for standing up for America
@RubeBait so did you vote for Russia's chosen Secretary of State?
-Sen you're a wannabe president who never past an opportunity to stand before cameras..Now you are peddling crap-as usual
Thank you!
You sir, are a traitor and I cannot wait to vote you OUT! OPEN MIC-OBAMA TO RUSSIA.  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=XsFR8DbSRQE …
@SenatorShaheen Thano you for your strong voice on this very urgent matter @LindseyGrahamSC
Well ....good job ...you do know now that the trumpers will hate you
@lisskron They've been doing for years. China was proven to do it & what did O do?
Great @LindseyGrahamSC Talk to your buddies @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr
Thank you, Senator.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/the-fates-of-5-men-connected-to-the-trump-russia-dossier_us_589f5472e4b080bf74f03cd6 …
@studioexec1 it didn't make one iota of difference.   People voted for whom they wanted. Treating people like idiots silly
People are idiots. @thehugheslady @LindseyGrahamSC
never underestimate the electorate..bad politics
Yes!!  Thank you!!!
thanks for another one of your lectures Lindsey. I see it as a complete failure by this Democratic admin to keep us safe
So are we just going to hand the Country to Russia via Trump?
@Lawrence I agree and this is our country we need to unite to stop this.  Thanks for patriotism.
Lindsey wants to do the only thing he knows how to do, besides hugging John McCain, he wants boots on the ground, dammit!
@SheWhoVotes
We should but MOST Republicans WON'T! Y, bcuz Republicans won the jackpot w/Trump as President; party over cntry!
I hope everyone is aware that the CIA does the same stuff abroad.
Thank you for fighting but it's kind of more republican in terms of willing participants. Sad
@Lawrence if you are serious then delay the Elector College from voting Monday so they can hear the classified evidence.
It is about time you do something about it, and quit talking about it. Until Trump is impeached, its just yakity yak.
@MalcolmNance no shit, tell your GOP boys this isn't politics it's American Sovereignty
Thank you!
LOL The real hacking is GOP/DNC voter suppression/election fraud eliminating Sanders & installing Trump illegally
@Marina_Sirtis yet it wasn't an issue before the election when you first found out Senator? History will judge you poorly.
Thank you, Senator Graham. This is an important statement. Please don't let go of it.
@TheDailyEdge Too late. Hope nothing bad will transpire.
@lecumberry show us some proof of it, I do not accept hearsay as proof.
thank you @LindseyGrahamSC .... my faith in ability of Republican reps to be also GOOD Americans restored.
The U.S. must retaliate in some form, a cyber second strike.
so gullible. Lol
Please tell that to Donald Trump.
Agreed, a select committee is required for this. If we can have on Benghazi, you need one here!
I did start liking U, Lindsey, when you were in back seat talking about Joe Biden! Ur Human side is Better than Your Pol 1
Where were you before the election?
  TRUMP asked the Russians to hack Hillary.  He has responsibility in this!
agreed!
@krinhoh can I borrow your high heels then?
I'm just gonna assume you mean his, cuz I don't think I own any.
yeah LG; everyone knows he's a closet queen
I was really hoping that's where you were going. Maybe I'll borrow some from him too.
You need to get Obama & DJT to make joint statement against Russia..or come up with a plan. The 2 could make huge statement
@shanesmith30 @SenJohnMcCain @SenateGOP @SenateDems @senatejud #WhatWouldReaganDo?   Why does Leadership disagree? #Reagan.
@MaxBoot and what if the PEOTUS knew about it b4 or while it was occurring? Whats the consequence for that Sen. Graham?
Are you asking patriots to accept the election result regardless of whether an enemy of our country caused the result?
yet to be proven a hack influence election! Trump won key states by fractions, if was due hack would been thousands!
@drumbeats4peace and do what??
That being said,what Exactly do you plan to handle this / please,a sincere answer. Thanks in advance.
Lindsey I'll be honest and say I was never a fan, but on this issue you are right on. You've got my respect on this issue.
it's time to count all the votes including #ProvisionalBallots @Greg_Palast @RevDrBarber #inners #maddow
Agreed! Now explain it to the GOP.Thank you so much for your integrity and true love for this country. You have character!
Thank you, Senator Graham!
#SinceWhen #Senator?
Tell YOUR friends this. Dems got it, GOP doesn't seem to. .@SpeakerRyan doesnt appear to give a rats ass!!
@AnotherVoice3 YOU'RE THE UNITER NEVER TRAITOR TREASONOUS @realDonaldTrump
show us the evidence
Sir, I don't often agree with you but on this we are of one patriotic mind. Country first. This is an intolerable situation
Ditto!
@Lawrence thank you
I find it outrageous that many in congress aren't appalled by what has taken place. Unite against outside interference.
still waiting for any proof, you're demonstrating no leadership.
Funny coming from you working for the better of Country is the same!    What about last 8 years no Nation building done
definitely.  Agree
@SHomerDrummond Amen!
Exactly. Country before party, ideals before ideology.
Before H lost - Obama "not possible to hack our election, no serious person would say this".
@RadioFreeTom thank you.
@donnabrazile Thank you Senator Graham for having the integrity to be citizen first, politician second.
@MegynPrice Remember, HRC opened the door with server, DNC, Podesta. anyone included on her email threads were at high risk
bless you Lindsey graham
@robreiner  country before party.
REAGAN MUST BE TURNING IN HIS GRAVES WHEN HE SEES HIS OWN PARTY TURNING RUSSIAN'S LOVER
Yes! Yes! A thousand times yes. Please make sure the truth is known.
@RichardJSunkle  Senator, can you shut up for five minutes....please?
Aiding and abetting the globalist elites
...no evidence it was Russia..it could have been a phishing hacking..click on something in his email..
@richeisen  stand for what..them exposing our corrupt ass govt. I stand behind russia on this one.
I think its time for you and @SenJohnMcCain to become Independents and reign in this President-Elect #countryfirst
Stand, shmand. DO SOMETHING about it besides impotent tweets. It's your party that created this monster.
great but he's not willing to state what any thinking person realizes...Donald knew.
@NormOrnstein thank you Lindsey. #sanity #godsaveAmerica
Too bad you couldn't be bothered stating this BEFORE the election.  SMFH!!!
Unfortunately your congressional colleagues don't seem to care.
@PeteDominick Love it
Too bad your peeps are as partisan as shit on a stick and dont GAF.
HELP US!!
Well this sucks. Another Republican I've agreed with this month. Desperate times call for odd bedfellows
thank you!!!
@CYNTHIA60131208 Probably not what you would say had it not worked out in your parties favor.
@ZCigar Please remember those white crosses at Arlington.  The ultimate sacrifice for democracy that we are giving away.
@SenatorShaheen thanks for acting on gross tampering against our democracy & not being like those with partisan blindness
AG Loretta Lynch came out today admitted no Russian hacking of election ..keep propagating lies idiot Graham
But if the GOP r unwilling 2 pursue this menacing issue then Patriotic Americans must force the issue.  Let us remain Free!
@Lawrence Senator Graham I am a Democratic but believe what you are saying is accurate and must be investigated
only those devoted to trump are obsessed with protecting him
Thank you Senator
Thank you Senator
We all saw the PE support hacking on live national television during the debates.
thank you
@donnabrazile unfortunately the GOP didn't read the memo. As a veteran I'm beyond repulsed with Trump and his supporters.
Frightening that @LindseyGrahamSC & @walshfreedom are the only principled conservatives left. Or maybe just not on the payroll.
Why are so many #Republicans and #Trump supporters are suddenly defending #Putin and #Russia?
What a sad thing to see ....we are being treated like a 3rd World Country.  Please fight back!
and you're a traitor to the party Graham...welcome to the Democrats where you belong
Right. Why don't you tell your fellow republicans that.
@SHomerDrummond
@msholmes2U And you are taking what specific action?
.@LindseyGrahamSC @lawrence this seemed appropriate. Story via @thehill: https://twitter.com/thehill/status/809200830754779137 … #TrumpTraitor #Putin #Russia #TrumpLies
More #fakenews from a fake Senator.
And do exactly what?
of course it's but what's going to be done by the entire citizenship to fix it? a tweet won't do it, we need to take action
do the country a favor and step down , the people are fed up with your obsolete ideas
We have been saying this for Months! You Republicans are finally getting in line could it be for Votes??? 60% aren't Stupid
Thank u for putting country first over point of view. You are right that we must all stand together as Americans.
@FloatNurse_RN 
Good. Let's start with why nobody seems to be interested in serious count/audit. Election fraud.
@odeedee
this was an inside job done by the DHS. RNC wasn't hacked. Patriots stood up and said enough of the Clinton machine
@JohnJHudak stand together and watch the inauguration of their man?  We were hacked.  How is it legit?  I'm asking
hey @LindseyGrahamSC how about getting some stones & calling the Democratic party by its actual name...baby steps, I know, but sheesh.
As an independent left leaning moderate, I'm with you on this one.
@thegarance one of very few in congress who put country before self or party
#Trump burns everybody. He sucks money off people like a sponge. We cannot let him do it to the USA.   Impeach now
Trump asked Russia to intervention.
please inform @SpeakerRyan @MitchMcConell of this
thank you for your patriotism, sir!!! If only other elected officials were as brave.
@Marina_Sirtis
@BonnieSue05060 Party before country has got to STOP!This is NOT a ballgame!This is our country!This is deadly serious!
it should start with all three branches of our government getting on the same page about how to handle this incursion.
@jfreewright Now What?!
Sorry Russia Rigged election like Trump called on him to do we know cause Trump called 4 Putin to find HRC emails in Debate
in your honest opinion why isn't more being done? conflict of business interests, Russian interference, nothing sticks
Not only American it is matter of right vs. wrong when defining sovereignty of a nation and their people.
@LisaEdelstein fools.
@DonahueRyanJ You, Senator are correct, but McConnell made it partisan BEFORE the election when he threatened to go after O
.@LindseyGrahamSC one might say, we're #StrongerTogether in fact...
