"A con job for the ages".
Yep.  Republican Senators are learning from a master in Donald Trump.
I think even Paul is going to vote for it.
NOW HE WOULD CERTAINLY UNDERSTAND A CON JOB..LOOK AT HIS CAREER
I agree. The one that Republicans are good at, is falling in line.
This has been my fear the entire time. Anything with which @SenMajLdr  and *45 are involved are "con jobs."
That is the best news ever!  #passthebill @gop
I hope he's wrong but it could be the CYA rule so they can tell their supporters they tried. It's total BS
Yes they are all cons....get ready for 2018/20
#FakeJake
When did access to healthcare become about wining & not about people I am tired of the stupid GOP game
So you mean that Sen. Heller would come out and say all those things and then vote yes to the bill. GOPer lying? Shocker!
Remember that Sen. Heller only stated that we wouldn't vote yes in its "current form". Any small change can mean he will shift position.
Exactly. It's pure political cover. They will vote for the ammended version.
Probably true
He said that all the other conservative Republicans will vote for Trumpcare. He didn't say how moderate Republicans will vote.
Con job? It's tyranny in action.
#Traitors
Wyden has great savoir faire. Reality TV is not only the domain of DJT. Congressional Repubs are learning from a Master.
They're gonna do whatever they want, which means, it's on.  Then they'll all wonder why people are so pissed next year.
Why can't the citizens of the US be on the Senators health plan.....
I wish Wyden was held accountable  for all the misinformation he gives on the healthcare bill.  My Senator lies and MSM ignores his lies.
It's all part of a pattern, they send some @GOP stooges out to say they are "concerned", part of game to give Dems hope then disappoint them
Taxcut (Alias HC) Bill is violation of US Constitution-stealing Medicaid$ 4 egregious taxcuts for wealthy & uninsuring America! SCOTUS CASE
@DHStokyo NEOCONS, Tea Partiers, now Fascist blatant liars with genocide bill
This guy is the Biggest wessal !
True con job was when obama said you can keep your health plan and you can keep your doctor!  Also could not see the policy until its passed
Yeah I think we all already "GOT" that.
We were sold that sour apple before.
Not biting again.
Sen Wyden is right. Bait and switch Republicans lie to constituents and vote to hurt them every time.
Shocker
Good pass @realDonaldTrump health care-hurt&kill Americans It will be ure legacy even if u do something right U too SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Your position support full implosive collapse of the ACA. THEN, where will you point the fingers on a bill you have likely not yet read!
They are learning from Don the Con
Of course not. Republicans always vote as directed. The so called moderates are nothing more than a gimmick. Look at their voting records!
well, sen. Paul and sen. Heller so far. That still leaves 50 + Pence = 51 for "reconciliation"
Keep on fighting for us RON!! TY
You should sit this one out too. Government works better without you.
Preach!  Call it for exactly what it is!!!!  A con job.  All this false concern, they're all lying.  Red states must be so proud.
The Republicans serve their billionaire Masters only as they wage war against America's poor and middle class citizens. Shameful #GOPRussia
He's right-it's all about having it both ways. DJT is a champion at this game and so are the republicans-saying one thing and doing another
Yeah don the con @realDonaldTrump tells lie after lie feeds his base and will say so what, no health care, no jobs but look I'm president
Rs have no conscience...soulless sheep
It should be a pass play but watch for 
the run...
The conn was the ACA & those like jakey & Jim who helped the lie!
Please be kidding.
Amen
@jimsciutto And they can all rot in hell!!!
Dean Heller was just on MSNBC saying he can't support it in its current form.
That's what I've been since for the past 24 hrs. Of course they are going to vote yes!
If you want to see con jobs in the Senate just look at Schumer, Warren, Durbin, Wyden and Franken. Biggest partisan jokers there!
THEY WILL ALL VOTE FOR IT! they don't care
He's right. The GOP is literally led by a con man  and grifter.
@SenCapito Is this true? Do you plan to vote in favor of H. R. 1628? If so, I plan to vote AGAINST you.
A sham to pretend there is negotiation and compromise. Then they'll all fall in line to vote for 'consensus' bill.
On target Senator Wyden! #WeThePeople will be vigilant.  Thank you for the reminder!
Tillerson. Sessions. Price. De Vos. Every one had the drama. Every one was confirmed. Do you see a pattern here?
ÀND Rand Paul thinks the bill doesn't have enought cuts...
Not for anything but this dude looks like a corpse... I can't watch him.
So, is Congress going to be under the plans as they are writing for us?
what is a con job is the HCA, McConnell, you & others so stupid to pass a bill that will hurt so many & give your weathy buds BIG tax cuts
Dems just don't understand American politics anymore.  Lost touch with Americans.
takes one to know one
they always stick together. I am routing for the 2 Senators from Alaska & Maine thou to stick 2 their guns & oppose the bill. Just say NO

They know damn well they are going to vote on this bill If they dont I will be really really surprised
Except Trump is the biggest con artist to ever live in the WH.
BS, they just want to be cuddled, and as always they will  fold....presidential material- he'll no!  Too old for the swagger behavor period!
So they've all been lying? What a shocker.
Hope the Senator will not put politics before his constituents. The Senate version is dangerous and will hurt more than it will help.
this dude sounds like a liberal  :)
Except for at least 5.
I agree with you. Republican senators are conmen & women
The old...give them a dash of hope only to yank it away again trick!? IDK if the GOP'd do that?....nevermind....they SAF would. We'll see.
