Complying with the request is a direct threat to Oregonians’ security, privacy & right to vote.
This request is also a tool of voter suppression and should not be validated in any way, shape or form.
There is no way the federal govt should get Oregonians’ sensitive information when it can’t even keep classified staffer data safe.
Trump also wants Oregon to send voters’ personal information to an insecure email address – a bonanza for hackers.
Uh Probably cuz of all the illegal voting that went on here in Oregon give him what he wants show respect to our Greatest President EverMAGA
What are you trying to hide? More Dem coverup?
Hi, Ted. Are you a resident of Oregon?
Is that important? The man I asked a question is a US Senator. I am an American first.
Actually, by your statement, you are GOP before USA, which means you are Putin first - working to undermine our democracy, like Kobach is.
If you were American first, you would be as driven to protect the right to vote as Ron is. We're fine over here. Worry about Jersey, pal.
U R checking up on me I'm flattered, but NJ not my real home just where we landed 4now. Americans can vote why does that need protection?
You're obviously out of touch.
And you apparently watch to much MSM news. Voting is constitutional right!
As a oregon voter I do not support giving my personal voter information to trump! Do not support his witch hunt!
Thank you! This "request" is on false pretenses for purposes of voter intimidation and suppression. Our privacy must be protected.
This makes me wonder what u are hiding and how much voter fraud is really going on. Do we need a special council to investigate voter fraud?
Goodness, Obama spied on everyone,  where was your outrage then & now?
Just left a message with @OregonSOS office to voice my concern and urged him to protect OR voter data. Please, do same (503)986-1523.
Yes. Thanks.
got a message, they r asking people to email. Said OR res' ss# and dl# are not public record - he is "reviewing" the matter - He's a REPUB!
Hi all. Try 503-986-1523 and 503-986-1518. One of them gives an option to press 3 to leave a message. Forget which one... try both?

@Oregonsos finally issued a statement. Commission needs to cough up $500 for standard voter file just like any other org. 
Wish it was a 'not comply' instead of a 'partial comply'
More like "will comply for cash" - will sell our privacy and rights for pennies
$500 per voter would still be too little.
I knew it was going to be a problem putting a Republican in the SOS office. Can sue if he release any of our personal information?
Good question.  @ACLU_OR can you guys weigh in on this?
I agree. I don't want my info sent. An Oregonian voter
Is there something to hide? I trust Sos will give them what's needed to find fraudulent voting. If I was #resistance I'd be worried too! Lol
You have my support Sen. States rights, citizens rights (voting history, ss#) uploaded to an unsecured site.
Mr Kobachs history is concerning. There is no basis for 'massive voter fraud'. We should all be concerned with the usage of this data.
I read with shock that most does not want to support the integrity of the voting system. Best have a national voting ID card; this will help
I am am Oregonian and I do not authorize the release of my private information.
All #Oregonians should change their affiliation to Republican and use a PO Box address.
HE BEST LISTEN TO YOU or ALL OF OREGON is going to kick some Republican ASS!
Now your worried about privacy? Were you sleeping while Obama was in the white house
I just left a message on Dennis Richardson's voice mail. Voter supression is not the Oregon way.  Tom McCall would be ashamed of you Dennis!
What a Krock!  Oregon Voter data Public info. Ron buys it to send Oregonians  his political Propaganda.
If @DRichardsonOR sends my info to an unsecured email address I will be suing the State. Unbelievable that this would even be considered.
@OregonSOS  Mr Richardson I ask that you please delete my info & do not send, if you chose to hand over the information. Thank you
Please do not release voter data. It's a waste of taxpayer $ and a deeply disturbing demand aimed at voter suppression.
Wait, what? Anyone can order voter information. It is public record in Oregon. http://bit.ly/2t9OtSR 
Thank you!  I will keep calling!!
Why don't want Oregonians to have the truth?
Because partisan politics and Dem voter fraud are more important than truth.  Sounds like the original Mayor Daley and Chicago politics.
Thank you!!
Oregonians do NOT want you to share our voter info with the WH panel @OregonSOS . Listen to us
So a democrat doesn't want public info used to investigate voter fraud. 
called 503-986-1518 and lent my support in opposing the #WhiteHouse voter information request. Also emailed elections.sos@oregon.gov
I am a constituent and I agree with Senator Wyden that SOS Richardson should NOT release voter info to the Feds!
As a resident of Oregon, thank you! Never stop protecting our privacy.
Advice on best way to contact Secretary Richardson's office directly?
@OregonSOS, please follow many other states saying no. I don't trust this committee with my information.
Yes but he is a republican man whose religion celebrates obedience so don't count on it. Please fight for our information to stay private
I do not want my information sent!!
Yes.
Don't even think of sending my data to the irresponsible people in Kobach's commission!
Please don't send my data!
Yes ! Dennis Richardson - how are you responding to this federal encroachment on private citizens? Voters deserve to know where you stand.
Think of the feather in your cap when the commission PROVES that there is no voter fraud. Send the data and the issue will be gone.
Just called OR Sec. state. Richardson office. He has not decided how to respond. So everyone call 503-986-1518
Yes, fight this nonsense Senator. Thank you.
Ron get back to us after you've answered this...8yrs under BHO were you concerned about our privacy? #VoterFraud
Wyden's worked hard to protect our privacy over the last 16+ years - long before the King of Slime made his bogus #VoterFraud charges.
Words he's all words, same under Obama
And you're just spewing Trump brand (tm) bullshit.
I think it can help to ensure election accuracy. I give permission for my Oregon voting info be sent
No it can't and won't, it will be used to suppress votes.
How would it supress legally cast votes?
When they use this information to throw people off voter rolls who they don't think will vote the "right" way, that's how.
If they are going to break laws to supress votes, they surely wouldn't need this data to do it
How else will they know who to remove?
They are asking for publicaly available data
Mr. Secretary - even though this info is "public", pls DO NOT participate in this effort! I do not trust this admin with ANY sensitive info!
Oregon voter records don't include the info you mention. I'm proud that I vote. Release the info.
Please.
Yes. Thank you Senator Wyden.
2012 Pew Research Center study that said one in eight voter registrations in the U.S. are no longer valid
Dirty voter roles make for dirty elections- CLEAN IT UP!!!
I have not given permission for my personal data to be shared with anyone in this manner.
hear that @secstatewa and @GovInslee?
Haha, that's funny, you're funny.
YES, thank you Senator, for speaking out. Please, please please fight them on this!!! Signed, an Oregonian
RESIST
As one of your constituents, I do not want my voter info sent to this commission
I am asking AZ governor to do the same
And sec'y of state too
Yes... the letter should be drafted and sent before end of business today.

All Oregonians must demand this!!
SoS Richardson's office: (503) 986-1523.  I called this morning.  He doesn't have a position yet.
This voter data stuff has me feeling like we're heading into Handmaid's territory. I don't want my information shared!
