.@RonWyden @CrabbyAmy
Because it's a steaming pile of human shit?
Well, @marcorubio can"t walk since his spine was removed by the Mercers and DeVos families.
is that the procedure? they must have removed it without KY.
I can only assume that if he votes "yes" that he has some kind of pain fetish.
he's got to! i've rarely seen someone speak so harshy but vote w/a big pussy stick like he.
They can't condemn what they don't understand and they can't defend what they don't understand. We know more than they do. @ASlavitt
Because they know it's shameful garbage, and that they're puling piglets too afraid to stand up for what's right against Grumpus #BadBill 
because they are racists who want to remove all legacy of Obama at any cost.  They dont mind killing people for that purpose
Because they're busy taking a dump?
Honestly, @RonWyden what are you paying per year for "Health Insurance"?? #RepealObamacare
Don't have to. Just will vote away our health Insurance and sleep like babies. Shame they don't mean a think they say.
Because it's indefensible. Also, they hate themselves.
Wellll #tinyhandbackscratcher was ready to come in as an alternative health care plan, but we sure are glad we didn't have to #failurefriday
Apparently, no one from party of personal responsibility wants to be held responsible at home. More worried about optics than actual lives.
I will not call him POTUS I will call him GRUMPUS #Trumpcare #BadBill
They don't want to give the inevitable attack ads the footage
It's the @GOP #deathbill #deathpanel . Pin this on @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan . @realDonaldTrump enabled by these two thugs. #resist
Because they are cowards and know what is in the bill!!
How come Trump wouldn't take public questions on it like Barack Obama?
He doesn't know what to ask. He lectures and moans about the past. This is where the tires hit the road. His are flat !!!  Stupid 
Pretty sure Obama never read the bill and never really said anything substantive on it
They've all bitches, excuse me I was channeling my inner mucci
"Because is indefensible" seems too obvious, must be something else. No, wait, is actually that.
.....because they know it's bullshit. They just don't have the backbone to say it.
#partyovercountry
Thanks for staying strong for America.
Disgusting that Wyden let all of Oregon go a a crash coarse by not doing a thing to fix Obama Care! Watch it will implode then everyone hurt
So you can defend Obama care but ridicule Trumpcare?
How come no democrat can to this day say they actually read Obamas bill?
Thank you @RonWyden!! #Respect
Sen Wyden Thank you so much Sir!
B/C they know it's a POS! But bet they vote yes 2 pass. GOP is all about party 1st over everything else!
How come no senate dem will stand up and FIGHT
Maybe they thought @SenatorEnzi would put all the dems asleep before the vote
Please remind them ALL CAN BE VOTED OUT!!
Clearly, they've "Gone Fishin.'" They may well be surprised at what they reel in!
It's because they're doing something that can't be defended.
Can y'all get together and work out something that works for everyone? #bipartisanship would be nice.
That'd only work if GOP cared about healthcare - they don't - they care abt giving their millionaire donors giant taxcuts at others' expense
Thank you for standing up for us, Senator! You are showing the world the Oregon way.
Seems pretty fucking simple.
It sucks!
Not Trumpcare it's a bill to restore freedom and choice in America. I know you do not believe in either idea #no more elites
Where are democratic darlings @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins? I thought they were heroes?
Scandalous
Cowardly, craven & corrupt. Every damn one of them.
Because their soulless monsters who never loved America beyond what they stuff in their own pockets?
Because let them eat cake?
Because they got theirs?
Why won't they?  It's indefensible is why
Because their Dear Leader didn't give them a script?
I'm guessing - zero - will defend this #MidnightMassacre
Because if this.
Research indicates that 16 million people losing insurance—as predicted under this bill—would lead to 20,000 deaths. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/politics/wp/2017/06/27/the-hard-to-answer-question-at-the-core-of-the-health-care-fight-how-many-more-people-might-die/ …
Because they are all spineless pieces of shit that don't care about the people they represent. Only staying in "power" & making rich richer.
Cowards
Preemptive congratulatory circle jerk behind closed doors?
Because our system is broken.
It's indefensible and they know it.
Because it is horrible. They will own it and it will be their downfall. They deserve this POS!
Cowards!
Why would anyone vote for something they admit is terrible? Seriously!
You never want to appear at the crime scene. They are murderers. Call them out senator. All the talk if regular order was a lie.
Because they don't know what they are defending
It's indefensible
Cause @SenateGOP don't care!  All they care about is "winning" and not one of them cares about us! They only care about their party!
Spineless, gutless, vile humans...
Thanks for trying, Senator.  What a mess.  GOP is so corrupt.
Cowards
Thanks @RonWyden keep faithfully representing #Oregon
They are cowards and chickensh*ts.
cowards one and all
Cuz it sucks and blows at the same time
Because it's an ejection seat in 2018
Curious.
Afraid of the kompromat being unleashed? Horrible, despicable self serving people? Both?
It's funny isn't it? Suddenly they're NOWHERE to be found.
Because they think it's a fraud, a joke a disaster and don't want to be associated with it - but they'll vote for it anyway for some reason.
u have to ask y they are still going to even consider this, something smell very wrong here, what's really going on?
CHICKENS!!!
@CahnEmily cause their pussies
You know how it is when Shawshank is on TV.
Ya gotta watch.
Because they have no integrity.
Because they know it is bad for citizens
Because they know its SHITTY;
they are murderers.
No @GOP senators on floor? Periscope?
It's indefensible
Because they realize they are doing this for the money, not to benefit their constituents.
ALL OF THE ABOVE!!
because its really that bad, Sir.
