Should we start looking at pharm vs weed. I'm sure there is a lot less Ambien today.
All who participate in it.
Weed is a drug that should not be available as a recreational drug.  Treat it like any illicit drug.
states that have legalized recreational pot have have benefited from tax revenue,prescription drug addition is down,why change?
because it threatens the revenue for big Pharma and they lobby the Republicans the heaviest  #puppetsonastring
oh yes we must not forget big pharma, spent billions on ani marijuana campaigns and gave plenty of #alternativefacts
.@RonWyden Trump *IS* a criminal.
#GOPHypocrites profess to support states' rights but their fine print says only when #ConservativeHypocrites agree with state.
@JimmyPrinceton They gotta fill all those new private prisons they're about to build.
@VAnderson525 @Oregonian So he should arrest himself then; he's the real criminal. Take the GOP with him.
My thoughts exactly! Good take on the situation, made me laugh, thanks for that—need that these days!
Exactly my thought!
@PressSec apparently states can manage LGBT but not marijuana.
Amen. Thank you.
Well, that's the GOP way: all for your rights except when they're not. Personal freedom and liberty? Maybe...um No!
so sue them for violating the 10th amendment. Oregon voters have legitimately legalized it. Sue &stop this infringement
Don't follow the shiny object.  Real issue is Russia and attempted cover up.  Push for independent investigation!
Except for medical, it's all illegal according to Feds. @RonWyden Are you prepared to start a shooting war over marijuana Ron?
Disappointed in you. Change the law don't pick and choose which law to abide by. Result is anarchy, disorder, chaos.
but states rights...
Huge Trump supporter here. But I agree. There are bigger fish to fry right now.
Most important thing to focus on: Trump + Russia
Can you please publish lists of Federal laws you think we should and shouldn't follow? Just to clarify.
I really want to like this but it has exactly 420 likes right now...
@KatCapps @Oregonian sure he will
How else are they going to fill up those private prisons?
@KatCapps @Oregonian Why is going after recreational pot his priority right now?
Agreed!  Go get 'em!
Wouldn't this also put thousands of people out of work?
Beyond that, so many more pressing national matters-violence, gun control, poverty, economy...why even waste resources on this?!?
He has to keep those for profit prisons going.
Senator, have you introduced legislation to legalize marijuana or to at least de-list it from schedule A?
funny because he is and you're calling him a racist and trying to block it.
far outside what? A criminal is a criminal.
The agenda from Trump : make more criminals, cops , and  prisoners. Criminal defined to include anyone not in agreement
Not to mention his promises to build up our military (already more $ than next 9 highest spenders).
His policies have nothing to do with the little guy. Protecting his cronies and their money.
Thank you and @SenJeffMerkley for your commitment to all Oregonians and your persistence in pursuing corrupt WH
There is an inverse relationship between pot and opiate use. If they want less opiate deaths they'd make pot legal.
can we undercut this and change federal law please?
If you don't learn from history, you're doomed to repeat it. Didn't the Civil War start over states rights VS fed rights?
Go Ron, go!
he can't. He has no idea how to do anything so he threatens groups through bullying while selling positions &favors. Taxes$$$$
If you don't agree, you are the criminal. Censorship...by the Nationalist's.  God help us
.@RonWyden @morros @Oregonian well, they haven't implemented ONE policy that is defensible. It's simply revenge on the last 8 years
are we to believe not one Trump supporter uses cannabis recreationally? Bit by bit, little by little
state's rights unless of course you don't like the state or the rights.
I sent a postcard off today to the WH with the REAL facts for Spicer.
How about 'Trump should go', full stop(or period, if you prefer)?
It's @POTUS job to enforce federal laws. If you don't like the law, stop complaining & change it.
Absolutely correct!
red meat for his minions.
well there would be no one left in his administration.
i dont recall you critisizing the obama admin for raiding med dispenseries.
they never said they were...#liar
Finally something I can agree with you on. So your job is to raise a bill supporting legal Marijuana.  Let me know the bill number
They're very odd in their selection of "State's Rights"
.@RonWyden The Admin are the biggest criminals in the nation's history, hence the insatiable appetite for scapegoats.
No federal protection for LGBTQ, but federal oversight on marijuana? 
Thank you Ron Wyden!!! So proud to be from Oregon!
These guys are just trolling at this point. We need to cut the feds off. All west coast states should stop working with them.
What are your plans to protect us from this? Words are fine, but we need action to ensure our safety.
It's all about money. Get this dirty administration out of office Senator! This is not a democracy. #ImpeachTrump
like previous administration allowing pay to play politics out of his state department? dirty like that?
every rec user felonized becomes a non-voter for life. every small grow closed makes indoor/armored grows more valuable. marlboro
.@RonWyden He just went one toke over the line! ;)
and miss out on all the new criminals in the private prisons? Nah. Gotta sell immigrants and pot users for profit.
He's detaining dying immigrants, pulling them from hospital beds.This really much of a shock?  #StatesRights when he feels like it
If only he went after Wellsfargo and the rest of the bankers this hard
What happened to the long standing belief in a states right to self govern?
That only applies to gun rights and the right to discriminate against out of favor groups.
