The Latest: Senate GOP will not vote this week on last-ditch effort to repeal and replace health care bill. http://apne.ws/kNJ3r40 
This battle won't be the last, but I believe people power will win out against policies that hurt folks when they are the most vulnerable.
So happy to have you on our side.
So all the ADAPT folk who were dragged, screaming, from their wheelchairs for protesting their right to live will be let out of jail, right?
As did you, Sir🖒
I will never stop calling and emailing and stirring up shit. No one else will protect the citizens of my state if we don’t.
McCains speech on the Senate floor was exactly what I said to him in a voicemail the week before. He actually listens.
Doing our part to put a stop to the GOP hateful agenda.
Thank you
Remember this when it fails and you're whining about money.  Ask Schumer how that will work.
Now to work on a bipartisan solution to make ACA better for all.
2 bad our efforts opposing a massive increase in military spending fell on YOUR very deaf ears. UR pandering on social issues is transparent
Yes we did. Now, sit down with Lindsey, Lamar, Bernie, Patty, and the other 45. Find a solution that serves us all. #americabeforepolitics
Don't qualify for it in Florida because the governor Rick Scott won't expand Medicaid yet will be charged a fine for not having insurance 
Support single payer
But it is far from over...
AND a BIG TY both to REAL Americans and also to you personally, as MY Sen from OREGON. Have been consistent supporter for 2 decades
Too bad it's not affordable to most huh
And you helped amplify our voices. Thank u for fighting with & for us.
Thank you for helping to stop #GrahamCassidy Senator.  Now, it's time to fix the ACA so the @GOP has nothing more to bitch about.
Thank you, now can we get behind single payer?
support single payer
Thanks for all you do, Ron.
How many more times must we make our voices heard before our elected representatives start representing the majority of Americans?
Once more I suppose.
Now you just need to get on board with a medicare-for-all option.
He's bought and paid for by insurance companies, he'll never support anything that doesn't enrich them.
Yeah, we save this POS corporate give away because it's better than the huge corporate/wealthy tax cut republican plan!
I'm a huge fan and supporter of you, Senator Wyden.
No they didn't 4 spineless GOP SENATORS did
Yes. We rock!
Not so senator...it was saved by 4 rep. Senators that need to find another job.
You're, we're welcome!
Good Obamacare needs to die.
Idea of DEM major victory is distorted-imposes more mandates, taxes, IRS enforced penalties, higher premiums & deductibles on Americans.
@AP Keep on truckin' Ron!
Do you trust that they won't try to ram it through  still Sen. Wyden?
It's not affordable. You created this mess. You own it.
#PowerOfVoice
Thank you,Senator Wyden!  And thank your wonderful, patient and understanding staff for listening to us!
@AP For today. But the GOP will be back. How long can sick people survive the roller coaster?
Not all the American people still millions uninsured in  richest country in the world time insure all Americans ,,happy did not go backwards
Thank you Senator!
So where's your support of #MedicareForAll ?
You worked tirelessly too. Thank you!
Even though I am an Oregonian, I called Senator Collins to ask for her "NO" vote on Graham-Cassidy.
Respectfully, We Know! #TheResistance
As someone who grew up in Oregon, I'm happy you are still there shining as a beacon of what public service means. Thank you.
My sentiments exactly! I'm sick of this crap! Constantly worried about losing health insurance!
so while you obstructionists pat yourselves on the back for going against president while high 5ing one another families go broke/homeless!
time to call for impeachment America
Liberalism is a Mental Disorder . You are a Marxist
Now you need to get the GOP to fund it.  Aren't they breaking the law by not doing that?
Says the man who is deeply funded by the insurance companies who profit from the AHCA.
Can't wait for Obozocare to go tits up...
nice to see how you government people dont care about families destroyed or the fact obozo care is a failing pyramid scheme!your all mental!
Democrats saved us, GOP to be unseated next.
http://um.you  do realize they only showed up because of the illegal stealing of peoples money given to them.this is pathetic!
The @GOP have been trying to repeal/replace the ACA for 8yrs. I don't believe this is the end of their efforts.
Thank you, Senator. You really went above and beyond on this one.  Proud to say that you are from my state!
Now get them to pass the 2 bills in the Senate for Children & stabilizing the market.
Affordable? Not so much.  Beats Trumpcare though
Haven't you heard of choices?
They have until Sat - is it a trick
Yes. You kept the average ACA premium at over $1000/mo. You kept the average deductible at $8000-$9000 for the American people. Way to go.
Lucky for you begging Ds huh? God knows you had no ability to stop it since you can't win elections
Continue to call/email senators http://www.factpower.org/calltoactionhealthcare.html …
Quick tweet http://www.factpower.org/calltoactionhealthcare.html … til 10/01 #KilltheBill #GrahamCassidy
TY TY, @RonWyden ~
So you have chosen to remain ignorant.  The news is, and has been, full of stories of massive $ increases and Cos leaving the exchanges.
Thank you sir. True Americans come together in time of crisis and we did. Unfortunately I don’t trust @SenateMajLdr . This will not ever end
Mr. Wyden, how safe can we feel given the GOP statements that they are only putting vote on hold, but still plan repeal?
Thank you for your work protecting us from Graham Cassidy's 'health' plan and for all you do!
We need a proactive predictive health system

Great now we have more things in the government. 
#RecallRonWyden
Senator-I am single freelancer and my PREMIUMS/DEDUCS ARE OUT OF CONTROL. WHAT CAN YOU DO TO FIX ACA IMMEDIATELY! PLEASE TELL US YOUR PLAN!
You called. You emailed. You showed up. YOU forced millions of hard working Americans to give up their money for wastes of human potential.
