Banning refugees fleeing persecution is unequivocally un-American & does not make us safer.
Breaking our country's laws by coming here illegally is un-American and does not make us safer.
it's legal immigration that just got banned, though--how about that?
Good point but it's temporary and other presidents have done same (FDR, Jimmy Carter and Barack Obama, among others).
that, too, was wrong
Not sure what you are talking about.
The respective bans of which you spoke. FDRs was blatantly racist, Carter's ineffective and Obama's wasn't actually a ban
My point; there was no rioting in the streets when those other "bans" happened. Why is this one different?  Oh...that's right.
He's a moron? The questions asked of people entering included what religion they were. Religious. Test.
maybe it's time we had an honest conversation about that religion then. I don't see any radicalized Buddhists killing
Sure. Let's have an honest conversation about religions and what this country was founded upon.
Been there. Done that.
<shrug> OK. But ok, if you want to talk about radicalized Muslims, then I would like to also talk about radicalized Christians.
that's a different conversation not relevant to whether temp travel restrictions from 7 failed nation states r religion based
Also. I'm sure you know that none of those 7 countries have produced a terrorist attack in this country.
hard to flee with no head
there is youre refugees
Islam is not a religion. It's an ideology.
Islam is a religion and older than christianity.  It's in the history books.
Islam is a socioeconomic ideology that is satanic in nature.
Please get a history book.
you are talking of Islamic extremists and Christianity has that too! Extremists r in every facet of life
Christians r not taught to kill non believers.  We're not going to change each others minds so gl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1SrQrPQAO6s … …  who is it that is beheading my people .it is not america  !
#BlockGorsuch
#filibuster
#StolenSeat
@SenateDems
No Hearings and absolutely 
NO confirmation
 
Seems likely. He did lead the boycott today.
aware. 
thank you 
you've aged horribly. Also great job letting the junkies roam all over Portland
A test for SHARIA LAW is absolutely constitutional. It is ideological & political: NOT RELIGIOUS. It's a beheading threat to all.
The fear is that testing of regular Americans are next. Under his regime, you would need to be his type of Christian.
We are not alone.
#oregonstate #mkultra #targetedindividuals https://twitter.com/TrustedAdvocacy/status/821060442000789505 …
Extreme vetting is NOT a religious test.
twist the truth for political reasons-shows that you are not fit to represent Oregonians
thank you for opposing trumps agenda.  Please continue to do so
Agreeeee! Religion is private information!!
Send copies of US constitution for Dummies to WH ASAP. Please.
you rock. Keep shining light in dark places
Please take firm action. Stand tall. Don't be on the wrong side of history. Fight for Democracy.
please dig deep Russia we will invade Middle East next with Russia for oil
GOP protecting trump Ryan Mitch. We need Supreme Court now
stop putting everyone in the same box. Generalizing is very harmful. Are all white people this or that?
@lizsmithtweet amen
of media coverage? I have been asking you for help for 2years now, are we forgotten not important engulf 4 your help?? help us to
disabled, its sad what seniors, metal ill, disabled, are not treated with dignity n respect,will you stand with us too? worthy
MEDS AGAIN,we committed no crime yet we are treated like we are on probation, suffering, some dyeing,our only crime is being disab
ok we get it ,now will you stand with the senors,disabled,metal ill,stot med cuts,restore so DRS can wright for RX FOR OUR MEDS
please do not leave the floor..sneaky tricks are the next tactic. I'm sure we can bring toothbrush and....

the majority of Americans is fed up with this game playing. Your being disrespectful and very childish. Potus win for a reason
... and totally fake news.
U R misleading people, fueling the fire, this Ban is 4 safety,PDX, Eugene, rioting is helping our the rights cause. thanks
Really? How many refugees you have in your home? Or your state? I'd like to know if they have been radicalized
first question is .. out of all religions.. which one the bestist? Just say Jesus so you can throw them off
not a religious test. Muslims from Pakistan, France, Europe & so many other countries can still come here.
You can lie all you want it won't change the facts 73 Democrats voted to ban visas from some Muslim Countries law still exist
think NOTHING about putting the rest of us in harm's. You are a horrible public servant. To be voted out next election.
1/2 Like it or not, their "BIBLE" says to kill us all. People like u w/Body gaurds, private planes & gated homes behind walls
Fired Ron Wyden!!
1- try selling that ANYWHERE in the Muslim world 2- what religious test? No "ban" for SA, Jordan, Indo, Egypt etc etc etc
your committee actions are Mean Spirited. Glad you are not from my state. Oh. You would have been elected by us real Americans
you, sir - complete moron and self-serving, non-productive politician. You serve no purpose! Drain the swamp!! Get out of MY GOVT!
READ the Executive Irder it is based on Country Not Religion.
You don't have the numbers, Sweet. Take your lisp elsewhere...
Met Ron Wyden 1980 town hall, still a jerk. BooHoo Ron, rules changed on you and yours today? Up yours OR senator from NY.
It's a MORATORIUM FOR THOSE FROM 7 COUNTRIES - which Obama admin has on it's list of countries.  You are a lying party hack!
Democrats created the nuclear option, and you will be nuke!
You are a hypocrite! You were elected to represent the people, you could have voted no!
But you chose to play cry babies!
What about 90% of muslims from countries not in the 7 who are  allowed to come here, or the truth doesn't fit your false narrative
As you come from a state and party that is attacking the religious rights of Christians your protests are condescending hypocrisy.
yes! Please #withholdconsent on Senate business until ban repealed. #nojusticenobills
What about the #Democrats who have been using #Government to abuse #Christians? @RonWyden
thank you for fighting the good fight!
There is no "religious test for refugees," beyond the decades-old religious persecution criterion, you hypocritical miscreant.
Good to know, since that is not what the EO in any way specified.
Ok so what are you going to do about it? FIGHT Harder
Bending reality doesn't work without a mind meld. First you get a mind.... #boycotstarbucks
since there is non we have nothing to worry about
there should be no "living, breathing Constitution" test for SCOTUS nominees either.
no one is suggesting one, dummy.
Keep Boycotting, Watch the States Turn Red
there isn't one so you should be relieved.
Then why did Barry Bamster allow very, very few Syrian Christians to come to the U.S. -- but almost all Muslims??? Dork.
unless of course out involves Sharia law. Wouldn't you agree senator?
Add to that the red-state rush to selectively disenfranchise voters via a felony charge if they protest any of Libertarian agenda
from a country founded on GOD, have you ever read the Constitution? The settlers tried to give God to the Indians!
Annnnnd where is this actually happening? #moron
Not when it concerns a fascist conquestideology...#youdontfoolus
Then just explain #Obama nearly 99% Muslims allowed in, Christians are 10% of the population!!ReligiousTest!
Where n the constitution does it say we have to take refugees? When did refugees receive constitutional rights? Why all are men?
Ass whole we don't want Muslims in our country do you fucking not understand this?
Barack did it.Of course, that was against Christians, which I assume by your lack of voice you supported. For you, Christians=bad?
Thank you for standing up for what is right! “@RonWyden: Any religious test for refugees is morally abhorrent & unconstitutional.”
It's not a Religious Test! It's and Ideological Test to ensure Immigrant pledges Loyalty to Constitution & USA.
the religious test clause only applies to people who want to hold federal office or have have federal jobs https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_Religious_Test_Clause …
Sure, especially when potential Jihad is in the mix.
.How many Christian Syrian refugees did Obama Admin accept in 2016? Under a 100 compared to 12k Muslims! http://dailycaller.com/2017/01/28/lets-be-real-obama-barred-syrian-christian-refugees-just-look-at-the-numbers/ …
Blame Obama. He set up which countries to name. Common sense to see what people are posting on facebook before you let them in USA
Follow the law and all will be good.  You keep braking it and that is why our country is in such bad shape.

If you had to prove, in court, this was a religious test, could you do it?
Thank you Senator and keep up the fight!
iliar.
please stop spreading lies and causing hysteria.
There is NO religious test. If people will not adopt our traditions, our laws and assimilate, they do not belong in U.S.A. .
No 1 is doing a religious test-Once again you are lying about facts-Islam is a religion-Radical Islam is a governance via Sharia
and you're being politically and intellectually dishonest.bho sen.
.@RonWyden How are you a lawyer? Foreigners in foreign countries don't have American Constitutional rights.
What religious test are you talking about?
that's why there's not one you hack. #SCOTUS #MAGA
Can we ask them if the want to blow us up?
foreign nationals aren't  afforded rights in or by our constitution.

An order to bake a wedding cake is literally a test of faith. Does the constitution only apply to non-Americans now?
And where do you see any religion test..please be specific. #Asshat
Thank you for your clear statements and good judgment on this plus the nominations.  May we all stand for the Constitution.
What, if you wanted to save people being killed because their name is "Bob" would the first question you'd ask them? Their name?!!
I absolutely agree with you, Senator. Of course, that's not what President Trump did...

Hold out both hands and wait! Trump is about to hand your ass to you! 
no it's YOU that does not make us safer! @BobLeahyJr It only took @realDonaldTrump 5 days to erase 8 years of STUPID! @seanspicer
His order is based on law and directed towards 7 countries that are terrorist threats. An attack on our soil will be on U &demos
The Constitution doesn't apply to them. The primary function of govt is to protect us! Get in there and vote for Trump's cabinet.
what do you know about morals?
Double for refugees that were caused by US bombing in a For Profit War
This ban is for 4 africians
ALL Africans!
when are the democrats going to quit being children and start acting like adults?
religious test?  You mean like Obama keeping out the Christian Muslims?
Thank You! Are you willing to withhold consent in the senate until the ban is lifted?
Addressing the finance committee no show by democrats. You along with the other democrats will be boycotted in 2018 & 2020.
Thats true' so tell me how its about religion again? Its NOT and you bloody well know its not.
Let's assume you are right, is taking a citizenship test also unconstitutional?
Can you guys just do your job and stop fighting. Vote the cabinet in place!! Just work together!! We are sick of this!!
true. We have the right to freely "live out" our faith. Stop spinning truth! This is a #Terroristban #TerroristPreventionAct
Yes. Thanks for all you do.
#stopisis that's what Trump is doing  wake up the majority of Americans support the pause. Your job will come up for re-election.
an elected official who refuses to do the job Americans put him in office to do is committing a cowardly act
it's not about religious ban. Why can't you get this right?
There is no ban on any religion Please cease spreading un truths Get to work & start confirming Pres.Trump's nominees Grow Up
Shouted after attacks "Allah Akbar"> MY GOD is greater than YOUR GOD or gov't. Concerns me..why not you?
Please continue to fight.  @realdonaldtrump and his team represent what is wrong in America, not right.  Thank you @RonWyden @SenWarren
- don't worry, everything is going to be okay.
except the ban has nothing to do with religion.  Americans are not stupid enough to believe your rhetoric.  #doyourjob
can you read?  there is NO religious test.  you make it up as you go along.  FYI  you still lost!
Guess that's why we don't have any.

What religious test?
Absolutely!
#stopsessions
Resist! no bills until no
There is no religious test religion is not mentioned in EO. #TerrorismBan
hypocrite

Losing hope the Democrats have the guts or brawn to stop Trump. Senators protesting is great but it hasn't stopped Trump one bit.
Why are"sworn in"government employees not following their oath?
Stand strong-say NO!  The Muslim ban, the wall, current cabinet nominees  We have your back. Thanks for working hard!
Thank you for standing up for immigration and the Constitution!!!
Hold some kind of moratorium on all Trump appointments!
In 2016, Obama accepted 10,801 Syrian Refugees. 56 were Christians, 10,745 were Muslims. Christians discriminated against!
Trump is acting like a dictator, and will destroy America unless he is impeached. PLEASE try to impeach him!
Thank you!
there is no religious test. What are you even talking about?
Thank you for supporing #NoBanNoWall Oregonians
Eugene & Portland--that's who is pushing this hysteria. The rest of Oregon is SANE & understands our security is FIRST! Morons.
You need to put country's safety FIRST before politics! Oregonians support Trump's temp. ban. Your hysteria only weakens us all.
what kind of action can our senate take to halt the muslim ban? Car you hault congressional activity?
Before the Civil War, an American political party rightly calling themselves The Know-Nothing Party. They're back. /cc @sapienist
Thank you for standing up for refugees and lawful US permanent residents. Keep it up!
Exactly.  Thank you for being straightforward and brave.  Keep on fighting!
@McConnel_leads @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump why 30 mil for bike trail when homeless out of control in Portland
Also very confusing. I know the bible, but I'm definitely not Christian.
THANK YOU
We can not have a White Nationals on the Security Council 
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/08/stephen-bannon-donald-trump-alt-right-breitbart-news …
Thank you! Proud to have you as my senator, sir!
then get to work fighting this fascist regime ASAP.
Thank You for Voting NO on Muslim Ban!
You are either Leonidas or Ephialtes. If you don't want vetting you are a traitor to the USA.
Thank you for speaking out against this latest attempt to undermine our constitution. #Resistance
Keep at it!!!! We can't let this happen
Thank you @RonWyden
Thank you for standing up for fairness and the very foundations that built our country. Oregonians against #MuslimBan and #TheWall
That tells us what yor Opinion is-What are You and fellow @thedemocrats going to Do?
Absolutely. How are you fighting it for us? We need you to be brave and bold. You have a mandate. #NoBanNoWall #MuslimBanprotest
Thank you for your opposition to this ban!
@JeffMerkley Thank you.  We want to see every other elected Dem speak out against ban and risk their own positions to fight this.
Thank you @RonWyden ! I agree with you and support you!
Thank you senator for being a patriotic American!
please keep fighting fascists and fascist-enablers. Thank you. Lifelong Oregonian from Medford.
Voter in Eugene begging you to take action, stop illegal POTUS actions. Homeland Security ignoring court order. Be visible & loud!
I smell a Eugene leftist - Trump's actions ARE LEGAL.  Grow up
It's not a religious test, it's a terrorist test! Ask George Soros and Michael Moore to give U your mind back...
