Extremely disappointed OR SOS Dennis Richardson aided voter suppression commission by turning over Oregonians’ info
The voter suppression commission also met today.
They are actively looking for ways to suppress your vote by making up voter “fraud.”
The voter suppression commission is  headed by Kris Kobach – paid Breitbart columnist & Kansas SOS
Also- how Kobach can be both at once defies common sense...
Kobach voter suppression: attack the voting rights of students and members of the military
Retweet & tell @KrisKobach1787 that we won’t let him get away with suppressing Americans’ right to vote!
It is for sale to anyone that wants it.
clearly cambridge analytica already has this information as well as russia. Kobach's farce is only meant to legitimize what they have.
Are you afraid they will discover you garnered votes from Illegal voters?
How could this happen? I thought the Secretary of State refused to turn it over?
Also, you should not be able to buy this information at all. That is so unsafe.
!!!!! I missed that!
You MUST vet the eligible voters! Otherwise ANYONE can vote as many times as they chose. I suppose you are for CROOKED voting as you support
Wyden is just sitting his pants, he knows that without illegal votes his days in office are over, Oregon is vowing to expose #voteoutwyden
#EO13799 is #VoterSuppression #Defund13799 @VP @KrisKobach1787 #ProtectMyVote @ACLU #UniteBlue @actblue @Shareblue @LWV #DontMessWithOurVote
I think this is outrageous. I will consider my legal options.
Ron is employing a red herring by supporting voter fraud suppression. If Oregon was above board he would welcome scrutiny. So this tells us?
That's a cheap price for selling out the people of
Your state!
I blame the Dems on OR for putting up such a flawed candidate against him.
Please lead an effort to recall him immediately.  This is not something we do as Americans.
Welcome to the club
Hate losing illegals voting??
Trump VOTERS - YOU PUT US HERE! If you like this then you are more awful then I could ever imagine - If not - RISE UP and #RESIST NOW!
Surely you jest!!
Dennis Richardson - you morally corrupt CREEP! How dare you turn over my 83 yr old father's info to 45 and his Racist Administration LIVID!
What?
You and your party are racists who believe backs are too stupid to know where the DMV is.
Just as Seattle Mayor Resigns #PEDO child sex scandal!
Spineless.
Extremely disappointed that you would lie about this. NO VOTE is suppressed by Voter ID. It stops Voter Fraud! Democrats rely on Voter Fraud
Open your eyes @RonWyden start helping everyone and not just your voters that keep you getting paid
Why are you disappointed?  Afraid of what they'll find, perhaps?
HORRIFIED BY OREGON!!!!!!
GEZZZZZZZZ WTF!!--???
Oregonians will answer for treasonous crimes, like other states will
Go Dennis!
So r u saying countries like Canada, Mexico and Australia have voter suppression?
Why?  Is something hiding in there?  If Trump's claims are so crazy why not turn it over to prove him wrong?? Are we hiding something???
Me too! I feel like we should have been consulted on that!
Don't be mad because he did his job and isn't just an obstructionist, like someone...
Bc you know that this information will prove you ARE a LIAR.

Great #Shame will be brought down on you for your LIES to the American ppl.
Public records ding dong
500 is the price oregon charges for public records. You should be ashamed of that.
No. $500 is the price for voter information. Public records request fees are based on actual time and generally the first 30 min. are free
Aren't you one of the guys who advocated the "Real ID" after 9/11? How's that working?
Funny, one would think that you would want fair elections and ID's to vote... guessing ID's are only for cigarettes and booze in your book
anyone that it's typo stupid to get an ID is too stupid to vote
What are you trying to hide Ron?
Is it wise to give Tump and Pence all of America's sensitive voter information while at the same time the campaign is under investigation?
No No No! No one should have that information!
Funny, I don't remember you getting all huffy when Ms. Brown was in that position, and did nothing to protect same voters.

If you have nothing to hide turn it over.
Where was @KateBrownForOR on this? Former SOS and head of national Secs. org needs to defend voters.
If nothing is wrong then why the hollabaloo?
Why hiding something. What's the big deal
U r not the only one. I am FURIOUS!!!
It's public information. @DRichardsonOR is doing his job.
Much like The Donald, he needs to find another job.
OR SOS was following the law.  Oregon laws.  Something you should try supporting.
To be fair, anybody can spend $500 and get the same publicly available information.
I'd like to see the law changed.
Yes, but not in such a comprehensive list. Agreed, law needs to be changed.
I still do not understand how a republican was elected in a statewide race in Oregon, especially one as critical as Secretary of State.
Because the other guy was a total fuckup.
#RecallDennisRichardson
What was the alternative?
It is public information...what are you afraid of?  Your campaign uses it every election.
He turned over that info that Oregon law allows, provided that they fork over the $500.
WHAT?
So what is the process to verify you've voted? My married name is Hispanic. I  will want to know my vote is counted.
That's my belief based on his original statement when the info was first requested. I think anyone can get the same info for $500.
Yes but Ron Wyden doesn't care about facts!
Richardson is also extremely proud of the voting system Oregon has so I don't expect him to be a willing participant in this witch hunt.
Unfortunately he said he would and told them how to get them. #DisapointedButNotSurprised
That's because without voter fraud most liberal Democrats wouldn't get elected. Democrat's for Trump. God and Country
You are the problem
N0 NO NO NO NO!
1/Really senator there is proof of voter fraud in New Hampshire that affected the out come of a senate race.
I believe @KimGuadagnoNJ did too.
Never vote GOP. It's that simple folks. That don't care about you.
YEPPPPP THATS THE TRUTH
Isn't SoS required to submit basic info if requestor follows protocol? What basis would they have for denial?
(I say this as a socialist-identifying person who agrees the "voter fraud" issue is horrifying voter suppression)
That is not voter suppression. That is complying with LAW. Go work on a Budget and do your JOB!
What are you hiding? Dems are so corrupt
I agree.  Where are Trump's tax returns?
Tax returns are private information.  Obama's corrupt IRS dept already reviewed and cleared them.
So he refused to release them and lied about releasing them because he's not hiding anything.  Cool, cool.
Time to get over the election.  The people voted.
Who mentioned the election?  I'm talking about the blatant lies of the sitting President, and his very suspect financial history.
Suspect financial history? Sure.
Both sons have discussed Russian financing, using charity money to pay off business debt, lying about charitable donations.  Suspect.
