How about you figure out how to have him arrested for lying to congress?  Anything else is just grandstanding.
Uh, you mean Ron Wyden! Pooh, afraid that half year Legal Issues wouldn't get me far! @georgesoros must sponsor good lawyer, I'd say!
First & foremost we must end 'WarOnTerror'=end martial law (secret courts,secret warrants,lawyers being eavesdropped), secret wars...!

Hi, are you running for office? I'm a pre-fashist GER liberal who got stuck w/RUS Jews like @avigdorliberman long time ago!
You could beat me to death & I wouldn't stop being loyal to the Jewish ppl.!
As I don't want to be beaten to death Israel must make peace w/the Palestinians & there will be land swaps: FULL STOP!
I do agree w/ your post on the Arabs not wanting peace between the Israelis & the Palestinians though!
He committed perjury in front of Congress! A FELONY! He should be in jail! #FireSessions #ComeyFiring
Trump hasn't testified yet. He will commit perjury when he does, but we must wait.
I was talking about Sessions. #FireSessions #ImpeachTrump #ComeyFiring
Oh. My error.
No worries :-)
This whole administration and the kings new clothes mentality will tear apart our Democracy
YES!! and where are the other Senators on board with this????
We should be very concerned. Trump needs impeached.
Thank you for speaking out!
God bless you and America  THANK YOU
Grow up. LAIR!!
Call shmall.  DEMAND IT.  Obstruct the White House.  Act like the Republic is at stake.  Uphold your oath to protect the Constitution!
White House comment line:
202-456-1111
D.O.J. comment line:
202-353-1555
Capital switchboard:
202-224-3121
more Republicans must call for racists and liar Sessions to resign !  He should be disbarred ! He must resign !
#resignanddisbarred Please not only resign, but prosecute for his enormous ethical breach. #somereallybadsessions
why dont you and your friends try venezuala? I hear they like your type
Thank you. Oregon's congressional delegation gets it.
Thank you for the questions you asked at the hearing someone has go to represent the people.
#CarryOn
#DontStop
#Persist
#Insist
#Resist 
#Fight
#HoldTheLine
#WeThePeople
#ThankYou @RonWyden 
#SpecialProsecutor
#trumpRUSSIA
Omg yes.
Yes
Yes
Yes

But
 
They said they fired him over HR emails not Russia. That's how they plan to get away with it
No dice.
Read his statement.
No mention of Russia whatsoever.
He s/b toast.
I think McConnell also needs to step down.  He is obviously compromised and cares nothing for our democracy
@aeroweld Sessions testimony starts at 2:30p today.  There's a PBS popcorn link.
Thank you for your persistence!
sounds good to me!!! How can I help?!?
your a poor excuse representing people
I started with resistbot. check it out on twitter. #botresist  #resistbot  /  text 50409 fax straight to your state senator & governor etc
Exactly what I'm talking about!   #Trumpswamps #impeachTrumpnow #therisistance
I wish @RonWyden was my Senator!
Keep banging that drum sir. Sessions is a menace. #jailSessions
@SenJohnMcCain - war hero an all - it's your last term - put country above party - you now have the chance to leave with a great legacy.....
Arrest might come 1st.
Sessions must go! America ur democracy is at stake!
Didn't he actually say he'd recuse himself from anything having to do with 2016 campaign? That's broader than Russia.
Keep it up lefty, you will lose the Senate in a bigger way.
Lefty loon.
Thank you ...can you get answers on if he recused from manafort Russian investigation?
Thank you, sir.
"Follow the money." You're the only one I've heard say that & it's so obvious. Why aren't others saying the same thing? Stay on it!
#impeach45andsessionsnow
YAWN...
Thank you for your hard work on this Sir.
Please DO NOT let ANYONE stop you from protecting this country's democracy. Many thanks to you!
He obviously meant the old "Russia" #ethicallychallenged
And previously Sessions had recused himself from Hillary-emails investigation, so supposed reason for Comey firing still out-of-bounds.
How did he get away with it before? 
He also recused himself from Clinton emails. But then he  gave Rump a letter stating that as reason to fire Comey. Uphold the law, pls.
Thank you Sen Wyden.
Who's worse? The fool? Or the one who trusts the fool?
I wish you would resign.
Thank you.
just like #Lynch right  Lying Lynch and Lying Hillary
STOP making everything POTUS does a wildfire DEMS r like the boy who cried wolf WE don't take U seriously Keep it up & keep losing
U R just as insane as Pelosie, Schumer, Waters, etc. Comey was not THE investigation, so his firing is redundant
Thank you sir! This is of paramount importance and I pray others join you! #FireSessions
Hello! Rachel @maddow noted tonight that it appears Sessions recused himself re Comey / #TrumpRussia and maybe Manafort as well. Illegal?
Why don't you resign ...
And what is your damning evidence?
I'm calling for all Republicans and Democrats to resign...you both have run our country into the ground!!
Sessions is a known bigot, Southern style, and a liar with a smooth tongue.  Never considered a good law maker, lawyer or person.
FILTHY CRIME LADEN DEMS  MUST BE ARRESTED PROSECUTED & SENTENCED  TO WHAT OUR CONSTITUTIONS TATES FOR HIGH TREASON  U AMONG THEM?
WHAT R U SO AFRAID OF ??? INDICTMENTS FOR ALL DEMS IN CRIMES--U TOO??? U PROTEST TOO MUCH WHERE THERE IS SMOKE THERE IS FIRE
he thinks resigning means 2 write his signature over & over again.
a perjurer should not be top cop
@RonWyden
Sessions has to go. And now. Please do all you can to retire him.
Good for Ron Wyden! The minute he signed that letter re: Comey he stepped publicly into@Russiagate which he said he recused himself from! 
This is going to be ONE HELL OF AN IMPEACHMENT HANGIN' - EEE HAW! BRING YOUR MARSHMALLOWS!!!
Thank you Ron from an Oregon supporter!!
If he gets off, Scott free, from perjury x3 a little 'regular' lying and breaking his, already worthless, word isn't going to worry him.
He should resign-he is sooo much like Trump; thinks he has the right to do whatever he wants regardless of rights, rules, policies, laws.
you made me proud today, sir in the committee hearings.
He recused himself, nevertheless, he persisted. #FireSessions
@GOP @DNC @OfficeGovEthics @jasoninthehouse absolutely @jeffsessions MUST resign,he should never have been confirmed after lying on forms
Yes. Much better if the entire team in WH is removed, ASAP. They're all Nuts, especially POTUS. Can't we put an Interim POTUS in charge?
Ron, Ron,Ron...Blood pressure getting a little high.  So proud Trump is making you skurm.
Just as Ivanka doesn't know what 'complicit' means, Sessions clearly is unfamiliar with the word 'recuse.'
He doesn't listen to me either.
YES.  He deserves the heat here.
The Dems should be focusing on Sessions resigning. FULL STOP
Lock him up!
Perhaps a larger megaphone?
In addition, said he'd recuse regarding anything Clinton related.Yet states firing of Comey for handling of that. & Lies to Senate n confirm
Sessions needs to go
Yes sir. Word is Trump asked Comey  for a preview of his testimony before he gave it in which Comey refused.
Bless your heart.
Thank you! You will always have my vote for as long as you keep up the good work
Jeff Sessions is a white supremacist lying hack that will go down as the worst AG in history.
Just chop down the tree where those elves make the Keebler cookies.  Sessions will get distraught and run back to save his forest home.
Yes. Thank you. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #FireSessions
Where Is The Investigation Political Hack .@RonWyden ? Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal

Not call demand
THANK YOU!  No Tolerance for compromise in our government!
He needs to resign and then be arrested for lying under oath.
I laughed out loud at the Sessions statement I guess he forgets that he lied under oath to Congress and was never disciplined for that,
have you tried throwing rocks at him
Please stay on this one and tell us what we can do to help
Yessir!He is NOT a legal scholar or an analytic mind. He should have NEVER been confirmed in the first place. Ethical Q's abound w/ Sessions
Oregon Liberal Idiot gaywad
Yeah you think?
So proud to be from the state of Oregon!  @RonWyden You, sir, are a true patriot!  Fearless and relentless!!
When people LIKE  YOU HIDE what Traitors to our country like Hilllary and OH YES OBAMA how do you expect us not to LAUGH at you NOW
an off the cuff remark about ANYBODY out there give us the emails she deleted. IS NOT AN ACT OF TREASON ITS TRYING TO FIND TRUTH
SO YOU CAN BLAME ALL OF US THEN! WE HAD A RIGHT TO KNOW JUST HOW EVIL AND HOW BAD AND HOW CROOKED SHE WAS! and you HATE THAT!
He is a BIG speaker. EVERYBODY wanted to know WHAT WAS IN THE EMAILS BY THE THOUSANDS THAT HILLARY DELETED! THOSE WERE OUR EMAILS! SIR!~
Meanwhile you spend your time accusing innocent people of things they never meant like DT telling Russia to hack. GIVE ME A BREAK!
and how do we know this? BECAUSE YOU KNOW NOBODY ELSE WOULD HAVE EVER GOTTEN AWAY WITH HER CRIMES! YOU KNOW IT!
AG Sessions has EVER right to advise getting rid of a guy who so absolutely let Hillary get away with EXTREME WRONGDOING!
That makes you a wicked human and a very UN AMERICAN One. false accusations are something GOD LOATHES! RESIGN!  (see how that feels)?
You need to resign because you have been told repeatedly that there was NO COLLUSION yet you refuse to STOP destroying people!
trying to destroy good mens lives. That is what evil men and women do. We watch you guys do this constantly and its the sickest thing.
thank you for asking for Sessions resignation. He is not above the law. Recusal means you stay out.
You need to resign because you are accusing AG Jeff Sessions of something he has not done. He is WONDERFUL! You are doing nothing but
I would like to call for you to resign. YOU did NOTHING while Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch used that office for RACIST PURPOSE
Go for it!!!
So you think Jeff is A. Smart enough to know better. And B. Not a truly dirty politician and didn't do this on purpose?
@KellAF18 Sessions has to go along with Eisenstein
Absolutely!!
Don't we have any recourse?
that effort was halted in it's tracks by trump tweeting that Obama bugged him.diversion big time
perhaps he could be taken down & stored away like the other confederate monuments.
It is great to see a Honest n Patriotic member of Congress act in the name of "Justice" for Democracy n for America
It's pretty funny how the left wanted Comey fired, up until the moment he was fired. #leftyhypocrisy #dumbasses
Good.  Truly appreciate congressmen who not only tweet the tweet, but actually walk the walk.
The investigation will continue. The FBI will continue to function
I never suggested it wouldn't. But the questions at the senate hearing were laughable. That was my point.
He should be charged with perjury and removed.
@Megaera17
I believe it's time to add Paul Ryan to the list.
Calling for you to resign, puppet!
He needs to go, along with the rest of those ignorant ppl in the administration
Keep calling for #SessionsMustResign  RT like crazy
Disbarment proceedings should be initiated for ethical malfeasance.Where is the Alabama Bar Association, The Natiional Bar Association.Do it
They can get away with murder at this point. This is how dictatorships start. No one can actually DO anything!
We make this promise to you Congress...either fix this sh*t...or get the f*ck out of the way! Not a threat...a promise...
Sessions is nothing more than a Trump Mini Me. He is inept & compromised on many levels. Useless
So he actively interefered in an ongoing federal investigation.  He doesn't have absolute immunity on that... so State AGs, DO YOUR JOB. 1/2
They have a duty to bring civ and crim Rico charges against anyone beholden to Putin, KGB or organized crime period.
Sessions is a criminal he'll never resign neither will trump nor Pence nor MM !! They're running the show & obviously no 1 can get them out
Thank you senator !
Thank you, Sessions needs to resign & face disbarment. How he got away with perjury is beyond comprehension. He should be held accountable.
He also said he recused himself from anything regarding #HRC emails
Proud to call you my Senator
He also testified he would recused from Clinton.  IF he weighed in on DAG letter he lied again. And..he perjured himself before congress
No way in hell should Sessions have ANY input regarding new Director. Bad enough we'll have to try to make sense out of anyone Trump picks.
Thank you!
Keep the heat on Senator! This American vet thanks you
Because you say it so it must be true? FALSE! It wasn't Sessions....
Jason Chaffetz contemplating and reading up on the ethics of this sitch with Sessions
Absolutely, we need a concentrated effort on behalf of all of us to elected Democratic Committee Chairs that will investigate and impeach.
Well now, that did a lot of good the first time around
Right on, Senator... the swampbruns deep with Sessions 
Jeff Sessions resignation will be the best thing to happen to our democracy and world peace.
He should, the GOP are making them look like they are above the Law.
Thank you.
LOL!
It was done not because of Russian collusion, as FBI, CIA & NSA stated, but Comey lost all confidence.
Remember that? I'm sureUdo
@RonWyden
#SessionsMustResign Perjury (multiple times). Now this. Sessions cannot act as AG.
@jeffsessions RESIGN! RESIGN!
Sessions just has to go. He's the absolute worst.
Yes he does! But don't wait for it! He is a hardcore racist from Al. Buddy to Wallace, against integration of schools ally of Bannon Got it?
Sessions needs to resign. Keep up the pressure for truth and justice!
Keep calling. No one is buying this Russia BS outside the libtard bubble.
@EThomas06178527 He also said he'd recuse on any matter regarding Clintons and campaign, so regardless of excuse used, he lied.
I think he & Mitch McConnell  combined with Trump R the biggest threat America has EVER faced # Resistance is getting stronger
@jeffsessions should be forced to resign
Hey genius, didn't you vote for the guy who recommended firing Comey?
Shut down the Government until the republicans appoint a neutral special prosecutor
Can you hear? The Shire is calling, @jeffsessions. 

Bilbo Baggins wants his ring back (again).
@marstu67 Because perjury wasn't bad enough!
Thank you, sir. You are a patriot.
He won't. But thanks for trying
Thank you, sir. Your integrity is a great example to your colleagues in Congress.
And the whole perjury thing... That's like a crime right?  #Trumprussia #SessionsMustResign
yes I totally agree with your argument! Please let's make this happen!
Apparently, the Democrats are impotent to deal with a corrupt President.
Since there's no consequences for lying during the nomination process while under oath, why are ppl sworn in? Such a joke that he's still AG
Keep it up and don't giving up!!!
What can I do as a citizen. This blatant abuse of power and corruption terrifies me. What can I do in OR that will make a difference??
Yes!! Can't he be charged with perjury??
I wouldn't hold my breath, but I totally think you're right.
Thank you 
Sessions is a funny little cracker, nothing more, nothing less.
I do enjoy his elven brothers' townhouse crackers...
McConnell too!
ABSOLUTELY!!!!

@kimmasters 
Resign?
He still needs to be prosecuted for his perjury.
Yes!
Impeach Sessions for obstruction!
Yes Sir Senator
Keep it up, but I don't expect these kleptocrats to listen to reason
Keep going Ron. We're behind you
Why don't you resign?
Thank you @RonWyden for standing up on behalf of Oregon!!
