ALERT: Reporters at Capitol have been told they are not allow to film interviews with senators in hallways, contrary to years of precedent
Our democracy is founded on a free press. Reporters don’t need permission to ask questions.
Hey Ace. You know we're not a democracy right? Scary part is YOU of all people should know this.
@Talkmaster  kinda like Ocare pushed thru by Dems in the middle of the night without any GOP input!!!
Obamacare premiums thru the roof b/c of forcing insur co's to pay for "pre-existing conditions." Period. R's can't escape same problem.
Medicare for all, it's the future!
Why stop at healthcare! Food, shelter, electronics! It's the Soviet Union -  w runner-up Venezuela!
But don't you believe in American exceptionalism? :)
Exceptionally smart protecting individual rights, exceptionally dumb violating them.
Please withhold consent and filibuster the AHCA by amendment.
Welcome to American Fascism. #ImpeachTrumpNOW
That is rich Wyden lecturing on lack of transparency on health care, Pelosi "we have to pass it to see what's in it". WOW
Go get them, Ron!
Go get them; what are they hiding.
Socialism-CONTROL guns-CONTROL media-CONTROL youth=K Marx;V. Lenin; J.Stalin;Chairman Mao;Trotsky;Castro;possibly Obama;
Mebbe We Should "Wyden" The Scope 'O Acess Too Trump-Kare 2.0/3.0 ...
@SenSherrodBrown refuses to listen!
#Transparency
Hitler tactics
We're becoming more Russian everyday. We will reverse these changes very soon.
Is The AHCA Really Too Mean? Or Not Mean Enough? http://www.realtruenews.org/single-post/2017/06/14/Trump-AHCA-Too-Obviously-Mean-Ryan-Not-Mean-Enough …
The Dictator and his paranoia team.
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
It is a government that is becoming a dictatorship. I hate, yes hate what this man Ztrump is doing
Wyden the whiner of judiciary. What is your part in the attempted assassination of Scalise?
Democracy typically dies in the dark of night.

Whoa!!!
Well it could B worse, could B U trying 2 hide your incompetence, bias, traitorous, slandering, defaming, Leftist venomous mouth.
@RonWyden for all of our sakes stay on Republicans about the health care legislation. Don't let them squeeze unjust Healthcare through.
PLEASE hang in there and take the fight for the impeachment of the fool
in the White House, a stain on the USA and all the Pres. B 4 him.
You are funny.
Unbelievable!!!

As bad as paris gig
#AmericansAreDyingToKnow what is in the works for #TrumpCareTheSequel
they tried to sneak it thru with out hearings! but got caught bigly! yay!
@kasie Media must continue past practices and not let this happen!
Even if they can ram this...whatever it is...through, they're going to own it. I hope they keep that in mind.
Why did you pass Obamacare? It's horrible
@kasie It's more than just trying to hide the health care bill. They're assaulting freedom of press & continuing to dictatorship.
Just like Putin's Russia this is the beginning of shutting down the press. We must fight this!
Town halls...
Wyden for President
Why r they trying to hide their terrible health bill? Because under the GOP bill, Americans will begin to die. Their bill will kill.
Maybe they could get a styling and makeup suite like Melania added to the WH so they're camera-ready? Not ENUF makeup in world for that!
#2018GOPBloodBath
Thank you senator wyden
It should be named 'death care bill' because that's what will happen to so many without care!
#Wyden #RonWyden #JeffSessions #JeffSessionsHearing #SessionsHearing #Sessions #SessionsTestimony #SessionsDay 
https://youtu.be/p5VBGovsQJ0 
This was a miscommunication! It was cleared up almost immediately. Why are you spreading #FakeNews? Get back to work & stop causing trouble!
Coming from a delirious Liberal whose only goal in life is a really big Fart!
#Nothing... (Nada) #Liars!!! #CoverUp ...
Republicans ain't "#nada" but #crooks, #Liars. #UnConscionable.. Atty. Session, is afraid Trump will throw him up under the #TrumpTrain...
@SMShow @kasie Dems should get copy of HC bill via FOIA if nothing else!
Keep up the great work you are doing for tha Americans
This draft bill is available  hundreds of functionaries in DC.  text of this travesty should be revealed to the public now; leak away now.
.@SenCoryGardner What have you done Senator? We'll remember in 2020.
Deconstruction of freedom of the press. One step closer for we the people to not be able to hold them accountable
Transparent government? What's that?
I demand you cease & desist harassing @potus & investigate REAL crimes with REAL Evidence or shut up. YOU made this HC mess AH
We will remember in 2018!
At least Dems were brave enough to interview in halls when they gave their crap healthcare bill
Well, withhold consent on the healthcare bill, then.
@Lawrence how can they impose this fascism unilaterally? How I hate the GOP.
You've got a camera phone senator? I suggest you start using it.
ROFLMAO! And you said this with a straight face too.
Very Putinesquse
they are cowards who know that they are hurting millions of Americas and don't want to face them
Russia nothing burger is camouflaging everything.
DICTATORSHIP! @SenateGOP
Why do you hide in
Oh boo hoo 
..... BULLSHIITTT...straight up BULLSHIITTT
Hope the Democrats won't go along.
The reason is that they don't want to be on record as the Liars that they all are! Just like their president.
Are you serious? Please let this be "fake news" Republicans will regret locking step with crooked trump but the voters won't forget they did
Screw that. Those hallways belong to Americans. Plus there is that freedom of speech thingy.
A direct attack on our Democracy @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein @CongressmanRuiz
If the GOP can't be transparent in what they are doing, then you know it is pretty shady....
@kasie  This is Wyden spending time on nothing instead of working for Oregonian's like we  pay him to do. Sure Cash's his checks .
Yet, the USAG fell back on years of precedent in avoiding questions. Rather hypocritical these politicians. America First-HAH!
Americans ARE demanding answers.  Politicians aren't giving any. At least nothing substantive
I think reporters should disregard & be very public about what is happening. It's a first step toward shutting down news the R's don't like
Wowwwwww. ...Guess the constitution will be null and void soon!
Wyden being from Oregon and West coast wants more borrowing and thus more money for the liberal agenda
@Lawrence Idiot...
2200 pages must pass to find out what's in it sound familiar?   This one is much shorter and can be read
Welcome to Trump's United States of Russian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Then why is it happening right now?
This is the government FOR the people, right?
Our free press is in peril!
Who issued directive? To whom do we aim our calls/emails/tweets!This is outrageous!
KH, I  commend and thank you 4 ur excellent & hard work.
You have no basis or standing for demanding anwers for anything. Clearly your only interest is vengeance
This has been changed!  Probably after the Senate phone banks blew up...
Do Americans still live in a democracy? Trump has corrupted Republicans.
Could've used ya in 2009 when someone said you have to pass the bill to see what's in it. You were nowhere to be found then though.
 
With cell phones these days, this is ridiculous. May a Senator invite media in?
They are going to try and push this horrible healthcare bill which has nothing to do with HC while everyone is looking the other way
. @RonWyden Fascism 101, 201, 301, & 401. Graduate level when the arrests begin. PostDoc when (cont) http://tl.gd/nnrr2l 

so here are the #trumpcare13

the men who r decidin the fate of #healthcare for all americans 

…
Yep!! Cowards!!
@kasie Sessions is covering for Trump.
You won't say Obamacare is a TOTAL FAIL. 
kind of like stymie never having a press conference after he served America his jumbo crap sandwich?
This is a great reminder that @SenateGOP is using the evil election crimes to detract from their evil plan to take healthcare from millions.
Leaks- manic lying media- witch hunter like you- can't blame them from locking you out! You did it to yourself and we are suffering cuz of U
Cowards.
Watching you On tv.  How do we have so many terrible people in Congress? It's truly unbelievable.
Sessions throughing himself on sword so Repubs can push throw terrible health care bill! Hiding behind closed doors
How do they hide, if it's passed and it sucks it will be pretty clear who gets voted out in 2018...
EVERY D shd schedule simultaneous corridor press interview, every day, up/down every hallway. Force their hand. Will they arrest reporters?

Thank you Senator Wyden for staying on top of this and many important issues that threaten the well-being of Americans and our democracy
Just heard AG Sessions opening statement. I believe he AGAIN committed perjury and continues to do so during qyestioning. Please pursue.
@kasie keep doing interviews. The congress is the people's house
You're gonna lose!!!
You go Mr Wyden ,you have my vote
@jamesComey Your guilty of many things and hope they investigate you, Hillary, and Loretta Lynch!
It's bigger than that , Sir. It's trying to oppress the visual journalism to heed the orders of their "dear Leader"
His constituents; this is where we learn the truth. They want to shut down the press which is illegal and takes country down a dirty path
Interviews in the hallways is when we learned that many had not read the bill; we learned in person didn't realize how badly it effected
Withhold consent, @RonWyden

"#AmalgamationDrumprf"- Two or more racial stock interbreed or "#IntermarringTrump" So that originally distinct group fused into new stocks. 
Trumpistan at work but America she's pissed and will not tolerate such antics from elected officials.
That's just bull shit! Cowards every last one of them
Hmm. Emailing Sen Thune (SD) yet again!
As an employer of the Senator, I have a right to know
So DO SOMETHING, please Senator.
I just thought of this my self it make sense it gives the the shadows to hide from the light of truth
Greed Our Policy (GOP) says it all...
Welcome to Duma
Oregonian here:WHO ordered this? WHO communicated this? WHO has blatantly subverted the 1st Amendment? WHO faces no cnsqncs in autocrat USA?
@KasieHunt is our Wonder Woman!
Thank you for your voice, Senator.  Please tell us that you are planning to withhold consent on the AHCA, as well.
It's also the responsibility of Democratic Senators to block the GOP effort to push through this immoral AHCA bill by any means necessary
Demand answers from whom?  The cowards won't answer. Secret meetings. Secret bill. "Just doing the people's business".  Frauds one and all.
Why aren't Dems willing to pull out all the stops?
All the reporters should just ignore it, the GOP ignores all the rules of democracy.
THANK YOU SEN. WYDEN, YOUR SUPPORT FOR TRANSPARENCY IN ALL THINGS GOP IS INSPIRING!! 
It's clearly no accident Sessions (delayed), Mueller rumor, secretive health care talks and hallway upset all happen at once.
@SenShelby said it is for safety of Senators. I'd like one Senator to come forward and explain one time they felt threatened.
no time to answer questions on that......you know the left needs answers first,as to how the Russians made everyone vote for @POTUS
cowards.
I urge all Senators to leave the building and go conduct interviews in the street, where the #1stAmendment still applies
Why does this administration think they can make up new laws regarding our rights that we have always held? And I GUESS now taken 4 GRANTED!
https://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2017/6/shelby-statement-on-rules-committee-clarification …
Hiding means you have done something shameful. Senators hiding mean they are going to do something shameful - to us.
@SenateMajLdr is trying to undo portions of The Bill of Rights he finds inconvenient.
WITHHOLD CONSENT
@GOP freedom of the press! Bye bye republicans in 2018. Can't wait.
My state senator is disconnecting calls from Nevadans-Sen Heller. He doesn't speak for Nevadans. Hell, he won't even talk to us
make @gop ave to signup for it.  see if it passes then. #impeachGOP
I Re ally don't  care if my family gets good healthcare at a reasonable price. You Dems screwed it up 4 hard working middle class last time
They still have mics and recorders. Not filming just makes things less circus like.
Then do it. Don't cover them. And when want to do an interview tell them to shove it. No press for them means all for trump #hisgoal
Please Do anything and everything to make sure this bill does not pass! Our lives are at stake!
Dems hid behind closed doors on ACA & as @NancyPelosi famously said "You have to vote on it to read it" U hacks didn't care About us then
@SenateDems @kasie hey folks...they are trying to get away with something...remind them ...they WORK for us!!!!!!!!
@SenateDems @kasie I now live in California I remember when you work very hard for seniors citizens in the 70's Senator Wyden
Thank you .@RonWyden  You care about America unlike the Senate Rules Committee and the .@GOP
SERIOUS HEALTHCARE RT call your reps today!  202-224-3121, 5calls app or resistbot text RESIST follow instructions. Creates letter to reps!
Sue the basta**s on precedent! THIS IS FACISM!
This an AFFRONT to r democracy!
Senator...you can show strength by doing in-hallway interviews!!
What about the terrible Dem Obamacare? I want Swiss all private individual policies. No employer or government.
This is obstruction of freedom of speech!  Please don't stand for it and make noise! Bring it to Media & don't let it get buried!
What's terrible about it? It's not law yet...
Please share with anyone claiming that similar “secretive” tactics were used with the ACA: https://www.c-span.org/video/?292260-1/white-house-health-care-summit-part-1 …
here's the answer, it's impossible to walk down the hall of a working office bldg when a camera crew is blocking it entirely
I didn't know their pen & pad were being taken away. OH WAIT, they're not!
Do it anyway. What can they do it about it?
Thank you for standing against this attack on the first amendment! Much  & support from rural Eastern Oregon.
Esp committee senate states like CO. Phone email tweet show-up. GOP will bend us over. Evil persist when good is silent
Why are so many young&healthy,vital to spread risk pool,rejecting this product?Basic economics,good products are purchased not rejected.
The @GOP is turning this into a fascist government and their supporters are to stupid to care, b/c they're just happy the left is pissed.
Yes all Americans deserve answers!!
Do you assert that Obamacare is not failing? Premiums &deductibles soaring way beyond plan. Exchange enrollment below plan by millions.
How???? @robportman won't answer calls!
This is not Democracy. Totalitarianism is taking shape in D.C.
Don't hide in the comfort of checks & balances anymore bc don't exist in the GOP govt.  Need to shield their party & agenda. 2 the streets!
