Am's abroad CAN'T BANK b/c of #FATCA.  This is LESS THAN CRUMBS; immoral, unethical, life destroying. 
.@SpeakerRyan WAKE UP! #TaxReform

As of today?...Really?...What about the last 8 years?...I'm gonna vote against every democrat i possibly can in this state...Silent no more
So typical , you love God but hate Liberals?!? God help your soul. Truly SAD.
Typical that people are so quick to judge others. The only one mentioning hate is your post. People Trying to condemn with the Bible... sad
No, read her profile. She hates Liberals so your wrong!
how about you fix health care first - move over and let a leader lead
Right
Ron, the whole point is to give BILLIONS $$ to rich. 

Mitch already admitted that. 

http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/08/mcconnell-tricked-into-admitting-he-wants-tax-cuts-for-rich.html …

#TaxReform #TedCruz #Senate
Eat The Rich! They are truly the enemy of progress for all. Using their influence and power to keep wages down while grabbing tax breaks!
One way to solve the black conscious problems REPARATIONS!!!
Middleclass American families overseas pay the highest US tax rates and are double taxed by the US. Will we get #TaxJustice in #TaxReform?
Why Should anyone have billions and the poor get nothing and pay all of the taxes? Seriously think about taxing the billionaires for once.
And your a fortunate few. Hypocrite
Mr. Wyden you are NOT of the middle class and don't even live in Oregon anymore.  You ARE part of your "Fortunate Few".  Please retire
Good point, Delane! He even turned his back on our children,  my children,  their very  safety, protecting them from horrific rape!
Stop standing in the way of helping middle class with your lies. DO YOUR JOB OR GET OUT
Just shut up. any cuts for the middle class means more votes for republicans and you know it!
Who are the fortune few, Ron Wyden?
I find "tasty cakes" inordinately funny. #Taystee
See pal We The People are getting sick of party we need help and we want to see one person with a pair big enough to cross the aisle for us
Why do you say that only rich benefit from democrate. Taxes high, healthcare costs high, poor and rich doing well. Middle class hurting!!!
Dem R phonies, they have screwed Blks forever, & Dem tax & want Govt to tell us went to go Potty. Dems R ruining our Democracy, Get out Dem
U R a Joke, under Dem & Obama we R taxed even on a Bad Obamacare Bill, Dems passed.  R U kidding, if U can't the Ins, we will tax your A s s
Big tasty cakes give big old heart attacks.
Fortunate few??  You mean you frauds that sit in Ppls House scheming+dreaming up ways to BILK ppl out of more $$ to fund you. #TERMLIMITS
Why don't demand introduce amendment to exclude payroll taxes???
As of today your party has done crap to work with the republicans to work for "We The People Of These United States" to help lift the burden

OK genius, who do you think creates jobs and don't tell me it is the govt.. they borrow $1M every minute!
What a shame!
Colorful imagery, I'm into it.
Kind of like the shaft Dems have been giving the middle class for the past 8 years. Obama care lie anyone? Shameless lair and elitists...
Gee Senator, I wonder who employs the middle class? How can you have no understanding of economics? #basic #economics
Nothing about this chart pleases me.
Put your money where your mouth is, forego your wages and sign up on your ACA.
Brilliant words from the great Senator from New York.
Uv been in Washington how long and done what to help Oregon taxes? We have a renegade governor taxing even health insurance? Ur insulting
Thanks for all you do.
And what is your contribution?  GET TO WORK!  Be the solution!

The rich need to pay the same % they paid before Reagan tax cuts. The middle class has been devastated. Give our $ back. Tax the rich!!
You who joined the wealthiest of classes via representation, have no room to talk.
As usual
Yeah remember the days of big tax cuts for middle class under Democrats. Oops, that never happened, only tax increases.
As of today, you are still NY'S 3rd Senator. At least pretend to live in Oregon. #notMySenator #turnORred #Ny3rdSenator
https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/892475276269170688 …

So tell us about the crumbs what's your information how did you come to that conclusion we will wait take your time
And U ? Still "investigating" non existent crines, never working for Americans on issues THEY CARE ABOUT ! Shameful what u do for attention
If you want to improve the country you build the middle class.
The Democrats way of building the middle class is raising taxes on them, then lower the income level to be called middle class
Bbbbbut he said he would #MAGA ?! #treasonweasel #crookedGOP
Repealing the failed #ACA is the main Tax cut we need. That is the first step to tax reform.
Please keep fight I mg for us! 
Or help us -Oregon- annex to Canada.
So glad I'm not the only one that sometimes wishes that.
It's senator tasty cakes.
why didn't u fix it when you had presidency? Hypocrisy runs ramped in the lib dems. Ur the problem not the solution
Thanks to brilliant laws like ACA, we have less to take care of our families & more to fork out. Time to put your $ where your mouth is!
Thanks for the info, Senator!
To be fair Tastykakes are the tits
@SenateDems I prefer to wait and see finish  bill  than believe anything  from Democrats
Wow, US Senators like you make 174k - 193k a year. Looks like I am in the wrong job as that's actually above middle class.
Big Trumpian chocolate cakes.
Details?
You just made me want to eat cake! Damn you!

Ron, where where you and the corrupt #DNC the last 8 years?  
And why in the hell didn't you solve this before now?
Sure can exempt yourselves from the laws you make we the people live under. You don't think we see thru you but we the people are not dumb!
Like you. You and your greedy cronies. Can't talk about an illegal deported 20 times who raped a citizen. Sure can exempt yourselves from
My hope is that those tasty cakes never get baked.
You are a cake
That's their MO
I'm sorry, Ron, you're getting crap by these ignorant republicans who seem to think trump is better. #ImpeachTrump
Illegal immigrant who was deported 20 times raped a woman in your state and u pretend like it never happened. Waiting 4 u 2 make a statement
Yes I suppose you do like your tax rate. Your party is the the party of raising taxes on the middle class. Retire and give a real Oregonian
That's because the right doesn't pay much. I.e corporations. But boy they want those corporate welfare checks.  They are the moochers
GOP: Gore On the Poor
Because @realDonaldTrump cannot relate to the Middle class and has a hard time with Life that isn't Reality TV. Just like Health Care!
You're a waste of a Senate seat.  Quit and don't come back to Oregon.
Nothing surprising here Sen. Wyden. R's are in charge & the same thing happens every time. Not saying never under D's but always under R's.
Under both wake up they're only out there both sides for themselves their constituents are an afterthought around election time
Beautiful  chocolate treason cake I'm sure.
You mean like you? Glad your enjoying the cake
You think he don't get better tax breaks then us less fortunate?
Did u know Ron Wyden SON Adam runs a hedge fund on Wall Street
Everyone gets a cut.
Including your millionaire New York wife.  BTW, what is she hiding there?
Any tax reform should result in the 1% paying more gross tax. I'm middle class . Don't need a cut. Would rather see better healthcare,
mental healthcare, homeless off the streets and infrastructure improvements.
That was always their plan. Bait the middle class with a couple of bills, while the 1%'ers clean up millions. And the whole country loses.
I see what you did there lol
Before you comment about crumbs look up where the majority of tax revenue comes from first.

Most of Tax Cuts Go to Top 1%
Democrats raise taxes to pay for welfare, illegal aliens, refugees and trans genital mutilation. Even crumbs are better than that BS.
Per usual.
Change that quickly! #TaxReform
Really wish we could get a simple "pre-filled" return system like the rest of the world.
It's not going to happen the companies that like the complex returns they're giving your boy there Ron money he called it donations
what has he done for his constituents over the past year we know Obama gave him subsidies 4 his health care ins  but he cares abt you lmao
