The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut & Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
Make no mistake "tax cuts" isn't tax reform. It's just crumbs for the many and 3-tiered cakes for the few.
Ron Wyden you are wrong! You are screwing up the beautiful state of Oregon, you and the rest of the political left. You people lie.
He is pitiful in every possible way.
. It is glaringly wrong that you see it this way Ron Wyden stop spreading lies Pinocchio 
Blue Moon - #Trump has no clue about any of the actual policies. When have you ever heard him provide any details??
. How do you know Peg? Perhaps you have discussed this with @POTUS ? If not stop the lies. Engage in due diligence. Stop the hate.
Nothing like following mass hysteria down the dead-end street Peg.
R U describing yourself with the mass hysteria Bonnie? Me, I make up my own mind, reading #Trump's own tweets & listening to his speeches
Yeah... the rest of us just view you as an incompetent waste of tax-payer money.
@realDonaldTrump thinks he is an autocrat. #Resistance #ethicsmatter
Ron Wyden has no life outside trolling Trump. Please at some point state something original that you are doing. Please start being positive
Don't hold your breath. He's got nothing!
If congress got anything done I might agree. You would do well to follow his leadership. It is why he was elected and not Clinton
Your right up to people not you hypocrites in congress
Admit it, cutting taxes and empowering the people is what you are really concerned with.  Oregon is not doing well, that's on you
@Shareblue  If something doesn't break soon and congress doesn't act we will lose our country. Can you face that?
Since Obama went end round passing legislation w/o congress you have a lot of nerve accusing Trump. BE part of the solution not the anchor
It's glaringly wrong that Congress can't get anything done because of partisanship #TermLimits
Trump doesn't understand the U.S. Constitution and how our government works.
Seams you have a good point Stephanie.
It's glaringly wrong that Wyden rakes in money from Blue Cross in exchange for selling out his constituents. #MedicareForAll
While I agree the separation of power, I think you and most of congress have done poorly by the American people.  Do your job or get fired!
Rubber stamp, my a....!  The only rubberstamp you know is 'no'! Try doing something that would really help our country!  Shameful!
Glaringly wrong is one of my families nick names for delicate Donny
Glaringly wrong that .@TheDemocrats view 9M US expats as tax cheating fat cats not willing 2 pay fair share 2 a country they DO NOT LIVE IN.
What else should we expect from an Authoritarian style leader?
It's glaringly wrong that you're bought and paid for.
Don't buy incrementalism. It's code for: "we can't figure out how to do this & keep taking re-elect $ from the oppressors."#MedicareForAll 
The big ? is will they go along with the scam?
Well obviously the way Congress has worked in the past is such a snail's pace, nothing ever gets done. This must be what Ron is advocating.
@realDonaldTrump  Most likely because you have not done your job! Not one item that matters to reg. People, Not one!  UR Problem!
Is glaringly wrong followers of our Constitution & Rule of Law do not immediately arrest those in Congress in breach of their oath or laws.
Until you take and pass a civics class you may never understand.
What does that even mean Ron? The people you serve want tax reform are you with us or against us?
Glaringly appalling. He honestly is just a figurehead waiting for the next photo op.
It is, I agree -- but congress approves nearly everything he wants, including letting him remain in office.
You do realize your approval rating is lower than @POTUS.
He's representing people who don't give a shit about the rule of law, unless they can game it to benefit their own messed-up ends.
Well, Senator, as #Obama said, elections have consequences.
Hard to get approval for something that doesn't exist
Yes he should see you politicians for what you are.... self serving, obstructionists who do not give a damn about what's best for America!!!
But it's in the Autocrat Playbook somewhere
Thank you.
Why would you be against American citizens simply because you are a Democrat. Hasn't your party damaged enough cities, public education, etc
Move fast congress... so he has some urgency? Like before he is removed from office?
@realDonaldTrump Get to work senator. And remember nothing for small business owners that is the position you have staked out.
YOU referring to OBAMA
After you being in Congress for 21 years people are fed up with your platitudes and knowledge of what "needs to be done" then doing nothing!
It's not too late to do the right thing! Join @SenSanders and sign on for Medicare for All. Your constituents are watching!
It is even worse that details of his "proposal " that he wants passed FAST have not been disclosed! Offensive & shady. Potus is a crook.
Thank you @RonWyden for keeping democracy safe!!
He still doesn't understand how this governing thing works.
He does not realize that just because he says yes, everyone agrees.  Keep fighting him Ron.
How about making yourself a little teflon and then get in there and help stop his shit instead of crying about your lack of power Sir.
Loudly for those at the back: the Dems are in the minority in both Houses and can't impeach without most of the Rs. Oh and McConnell & Ryan
The coercive power of taxation is what is wrongest of all wrongs. Government long ago stopped being deserving of tax money. @Schaeffer_Cox
He has no idea how the legislative process works. Sad!
So looking to lower taxes and better jobs.  Wish you were helping!
That is a LIE. It's the job of congress to write laws. #LYINGRONWYDHOLE
It demonstrates his fundamental ignorance of how the Constitution works.

He is unfit for any elected office in these United States.
Thank you
He sees congress as his employees. So he orders them to get things done while he goes to play golf. He doesn't get his own hands dirty
Everything he does is glaringly wrong. Why talk about it on twitter. Please do something. #impeach
What's more glaringly wrong is the failure of FBI/Congress to indict & arrest MoCs who've broken laws, breached their oaths and the COTUS.
Congress over the past 8 yrs created this image by allowing themselves to become impotent due to inaction on PresO illegal activities
Yeah it's crazy how Trump things that people in Congress might actually do their jobs...
I don't think the understands that it's co-equal branches of government. Everyone, including you and the courts reports to him.
@realDonaldTrump - We voted for him to do these things. Do your job. Congress has been worse that worthless.
His job is to pass bills in the interest  of  the American people. Benefiting a handful is not doing his job.
You mean like the past 8 years under Obama?
This tripe is becoming tired

Be original or don't bother
The reality is is Dems don't know what reality is. #DoYourResearch
With a Pres who views gov as a business, has no understanding of the Constitution nor how the legislative process works, it's not surprising
Trump thinks Congress is there to carry out his orders, and the rest of us just exist to sing his praises, buy Trump Inc crap,stay in hotels
Glaringly naive also. He refuses to accept three equal branches with defined roles. Odd for an interloper not elected by a plurality.
Esp. because it is glaringly obvious that #Trump has no understanding of the policies, be it health or taxes. He just wants a win
More for the wealthy, less for the rest of us. More Reaganomics. It doesnt work. Trickle down is as big a lie as religion is.
He clearly doesn't understand the balance of power. He thinks all of the Rs in Congress are his minions.
That's the way Ryan and Mitch viewed him. Ironic.
The man thinks everyone works for him.
Trump is King....doesn't everyone know that?  No more democracy.
