he lied to Congress, in sworn testimony & in writing. He needs to resign.
It's however one small step forward in the long march towards democracy.
At the LEAST we need a special prosecutor. A perjurer is unacceptable as our top cop. This constituent thanks you!
WILL HAVE CITIZEN VOTER ID by next election. Not to mention DEMS LEAVING DEM PARTY IN DROVES!! DEM PARTY DEAD. IRRELEVANT
let's start in Oregon the steel mills purchased by Russians!!
Sessions should resign like Flynn.
not happening but keep.those delusions coming. They entertain us.
Get the hell out of my TL u tacky creep.
you better look in the mirror for tacky and it in replay of your party last night.  Tacky overload! I have no more desire for you
as one of your constituents, I urge you to push for AG Sessions' resignation!
Independents like myself at 75% APPROVAL FOR TRUMP!AFTER WE GET VOTE ID IN OREGON you @govkatebrown and @JeffMerkley ALL FINISHED
They r clueless, Linda. The Libs days r numbered in Oregon. You are right, they r wrong.
comfort yourself with that thought.
Sessions needs to resign!!!
@satchmoagain Why weren't you supporting the for Clinton.. Pelosi Jr
Independent special counsel is the only solution.
Jeff Sessions must resign and be held accountable for lying to Congress. Why have Confirmation Hearings otherwise?
please review the actual question and answer !
How's the investigation into Podesta bros Russian collusion, HRC #Rosatom pay2play, & Maxine Waters' #OneUnited fraud going? #realtalk
Get real, Ron. There's no conspiracy ...more Dem hysteria

-- > @RonWyden does not represent Oregon's values.
Wyden needs to resign. Obstructionism because Hilary lost does not s Senator make. Oregonians for the Recall of Ron Wyden.
Keep after them!!
Please call for his resignation. We deserve better.
no calls for this under Holder or Lynch shows your hypocrisy.
Still need that
This is roblox, not real life.
@blackrepublican Worry bout your own Ron Wyden. Voter intimidating is a US code violation
you want to increase American confidence? Perhaps you should resign!
stop the grandstanding democrats, get on w governance
@Scotty_LP yes thank u
yes, and immediately
I think most of the American people are tired of hearing about this!! Move on and get some positive stuff done for the Country!!
YES!
LOCK HIM UP!
Recusal isn't enough. Sessions must resign, and be investigated along with all of Trump's campaign for collusion with Russia.
You keep crying wolf after being quite for the last 8-years you will be put in a straight jacket by the guys in the white coats.
of your tax returns ronnie.
He should resign and be tried for perjury. 9/11 type commission and special prosecutor for bigger issue of Trump Russian ties...
@shadowylynx It would be refreshing if you actually worked for the people of Oregon for a change instead of the DNC.
Thanks for being our great OR Sen.  Please ask for him to resign.
Yah I posted that a MONTH AGO... stop being a follower sir and start being a leader. Get TRUMPS RESIGNATION
The time has come. #IndependentInvestigation
Special Corrupt Council which means all involved & info can not be released to American people. NO THANKS & did U STAND for RYAN?
Yes, yes, and Sessions must resign & face prosecution for perjury.  Unbelievable how corrupt this admin is, only 1 month in.
@NIA_97223 Get him out of there, senator!
you act like he sent a plane full of money to Russia. Wait that was Obama and Iran
let's talk about perjury and prison
why don't you focus on working with @POTUS and stop the gridlock in Washington? There are areas you agree I am sure
you are correct that recusal is not enough. Please call on Sessions to resign. #SessionsResignNOW #SessionsLied
@pierre A recusal is not enough. Sessions needs to resign.
Thank you. Stick to your guns on this.
@1CaptD Sessions need to resign!
and where was our unbiased counsel for Hillary sir. You think your party deserves better than my party deserved? ur all hypocrites
YES! Thank you for your work, Sir!
You don't speak for all Oregonians and you certainly don't speak for all of America. Stop it.
Whats your take on #SinglePayer? I am sick of getting ripped off by greedy 4 profit insurers. Too bad Blue Cross owns you #SellOut
Agree recusal not sufficient. Sessions must go.
Please ask Sessions to resign. He lied during confirmation hearings.  Unacceptable!
we agree! Outside independent investigation of ALL who colluded in election fraud w Russia-included many GOP, all DJT team/cabinet
how can he function as AG at all? In what universe does Sessions not resign?
Thank you Senator Wyden
11:30 PM---Sessions just gave a statement that it's all false, saying he never met with Russian Ambassador or anyone
Good start! But #SessionsResignNOW !
@gregpmiller the people that elected Trump couldn't care less if Sessions met with Russia, that's the biggest issue here
@owillis You are correct. A recusal is not enough. Perjury is a criminal act.
From Rochester NY--Ron-- request Sessions' resignation.
with it a doubt,let's get serious,  the American public needs this .Faith in this gov't & the country  is on thin ice
are Oregon's schools NOT GOOD ENOUGH for you children or NOT SAFE ENOUGH for your children? Your actions mute your words Senator.
@JeffersonObama Sessions has to resign. The Russian stink won't go away
@colinmeloy do the right thing
9/11
Style
Commission
thank you!
Yes, but only after this bastard resigns.He doesnt get to keep his job.None of us regular folks would be able to stay.
He needs to resign

@RonWyden @DemocracyValues
Senator Wyden, please call for Attorney General Sessions' resignation.
call for #Sessions resignation
It can only happen when it starts really hurting the Republicans. IndivisibleOR1 is ready to march. Say the word.
@BresPolitico GET EM RON
you are a such a joke
I'd prefer he resign
I demand both.
Thank you for continuing to speak out on this!
once again staking out the politicized ground, and this safety position of yours will be your undoing, sir. #LowHangingFruit
@gregpmiller he committed a crime. He shouldn't be AG of the US. once a perjurer always a perjurer. Sessions can't be trusted
Senator, please push for resignation of the Attorney General. This is unacceptable
. Like wecpushed hypocrites galore. You people are at the lowest of the human experience. God help u
if the president has nothing to hide, we would have his tax return. It is the lowest ethical bar. He failed it.
your full of crap or under 50 years old. We were taught all our lives to not show tax returns. I have nothing..
don't read talking points. Look at the facts. Every President in recent history has released it. It is a low bar.
This is not acceptable  in any way, shape or form. He lied under oath
Thank you. American people deserve an independent special investigation and truth - unbiased.
you should investigate your own party. Remember the email server???
remember how trump illegally deleted his own emails and uses a private server?
More snowflake, CNN fake news from the liberal turds 
exactly
