Trump tests the waters for bipartisan tax reform with White House dinner http://politi.co/2w6nAEg  
Stay strong, rich don't need a tax cut. And this country needs to pay it's bills. And that mean more, not less, tax revenue.
How about less spending?
I agree, but we have done a lot of that, and we have commitments that aren't getting met.
Name one year where the federal budget did not grow more than the rate of inflation? Spending 10% more instead of 12% more is not cutting
How about some common sense fixes to entitlements (increase age and means test) while capping defense spending increases below GDP growth?
I agree with that.  But entitlement reform cannot stop at simply SS and MEDICARE.   There is a lot of wasteful spending going on
Twitter might not be the best medium to hash this all out.  But we can agree there is a lot that can be done.
I agree. Same ends. I just don't want anyone being taxed more (rich or poor) if the waste continues
Tie any tax rate cuts to profits shared with all employees to raise middle class incomes. That is 70% GDP, not profits. Tax stock buy backs.
Well @RonWyden perhaps if you were more in favor of giving tax cuts to rich people lol
we are all pretty familiar with the amount of orange lying in this country...
It's just for appearances & to anger the GOP.
Tax breaks for millionaires. Working and poverty class will foot the bills.
Don't feel bad @RonWyden, right now it's just a Nancy & Chuck "thing". But your right "serious bipartisanship" should include you. #WHdinner
I'm sorry he has no clue how any of this works
Deal on #DACA means same as deal on rich people tax cuts, right? #bipartisan
i smell indigestion
My thoughts are that we don't need tax cuts with all the disasters our people are facing. Two hurricanes and multiple forest fires.
Thank you for letting the public know, @RonWyden
Who explained what bipartisan  meant to Trump?
Yeah sure
god forbid you don't get your ego stroked and palms greased up right Ronnie?
Isn't the Senator from West Virginia switching to the Republican Party?
It was addressed to the Blue Boy, cause you will need to hold your breath. Why is Trump such a lousy person and far worse president? Uggghhh
Also, Trump is a standard issue Republican who's just bad at dog whistling, and tax cuts for the uber rich aren't bipartisan.
The word "Bipartisan" quite frankly means "let's team up and fuck over EVERYONE!"
Yeah, it's almost like this media narrative of Trumpy as some kind of bold, independent operator is pure nonsense.
Well, maybe that's because you're a far left progressive
Also whines a lot.
You noticed that?
Squeaking wheel gets the grease I guess, but I can't recall him ever proposing legislation or working just complaining about others.
Oh, he has solutions. 

They all involve more spending, more debt, more welfare and higher taxes
I completely agree.
1/ With healthcare, disaster relief, a real need for fixing infrastructure to prevent severe damage from disasters, a budget, debt ceiling
2/ & DACA, tax reform is a pipe dream. Would be nice if we could address the current issues before taking on new stuff.
Well said Rebecca!
Thanks

Serious shade. Love it.

Come On Senator, you can't expect a bombastic TV reality show host to know or understand legislative protocols, can you ?
It was with his charity checks
Donald Trump is famous for lying. And it's on the Guinness book for everything he says. The whole world already don't trust him either.
Its all for show no real agreement will come of it. He is looking for cover when the real deal comes. He will blame them for not cooperating
We are counting on you to protect us from Trump's irresponsible legislation.
Must come from congress he needs to learn how the government works
Really-SAD
Only so many chairs!
Media continues to be played by Trump. No wonder he has no respect at all for the fifth estate.
Sorry senator, bipartisan only for those that agree w/him
He is scmoozing. Tomorrow another reversal on & on
Trump owes you an apology, sir.  Knowing how flawed Trump is , so I'm going to apologize to you on behalf of the USofA.  Thank you, sir.
The waters are shark infested DT, dive in...
#singlepayershame
in theory, sounds good, but a liar trained in the art of the lie, should not be trusted
@realDonaldTrump      Your just irrelevant and not of any use
Maybe because your RSVP would include a formal request for all tax records from the host?
How many times has the  1 declared bankruptcy? He clearly doesn't know how to balance the books. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #25the45th
You know what, Ron, I'll bet it was never sent at all.
Oh, you don't matter. Apparently.
his wig ate it...
We don't want u in Oregon either just quit Wyden
Thanks for speaking out again, Mr. Wyden.
I'm sure it was just an oversight.
Its there a lying next to your invitation for bipartisan healthcare reform
Maybe he knows your stance already..tax the rich tax the rich tax the rich
Nope, you weren't invited.
Look at your pinned tweet #giveituptogetaninvite
If he talks to too many Dems he likely fears contamination.
Also: it's "tax-cut for millionaires".
the media seems excited to resurrect the "comeback kid" storyline.  #premature
He's a wolf in blimp clothing
Speaking of lost in the mail, is that what happened to your announcement that you would cosponser #Medicare4All ?
That is because you were never sent an invitation because you conduct yourself like Knucklehead Smith
He only invited D's up for reelection in areas with a lot of Trump votes... @Lawrence right?
Bernie is more a Democrat than these 3. How many times did Manchin vote w GOP? Initials mean squat. Triangulation=neoliberalism=1% oligarchy
Check the box again. I'm sure it's there now!!!
Surprise, surprise in other words all the guests are Republicans
The carrier pigeon must have dropped it in route from the White House... or pooped all over it.
Cherry picking the Democrats willing to capitulate is irksome.  I don't like them playing footsie with Trump.
They're running scared! GOP bipartisanship to them means republicans and republicans...
Tests the waters? With what a yes/no check box questionnaire?Does any1 believe Trump can comprehend the nuances included in tax legislation?
He thinks bipartisan means inviting females, too.  Hail to the chief idiot.
No tax reform until we see trump's taxes so we can make sure he's not pussygrabbing the middle class any further!
May he drop dead! Or death penalty for treason committed by a POTUS.
Dems be careful. T may have killed DACA just to give it back in tax negotiation! Getting back what we had is not a win!
Snark 
Using same mail carrier 4 the invite 2 reform ACA. Somehow it never gets there does it. Actions speak without actions they're empty words.
@MzDivaNova @politico oh sorry, Invite not extended in serious manner. We apologize for the farce... #notonepenny #taxtherich
To be fair, he probably doesn't know there's a committee, or any other branch of government, and likely thinks Nancy & Chuck are a couple.
Badda Bing! Bravo Senator, bravo.
No no no no no
@realDonaldTrump invite Ron Wyden to your meeting on tax reform.
Maybe because u have shown zero respect for him or the office. Bash them every day and if he says black  you say white even when he agrees.
Maybe Trump knows that you will not fall for his bulls........!
Your cred doesn't meet the high standards of Trump's kakistocracy- government run by the worst, least qualified, most unscrupulous citizens.
TY this stupid tax cut BS.all for  drumpf and wealthy 1%. All a SCAM
They want to take away sch A deduction for hm mrt interest
Aren't Trump dinners where the so-called president humorously threatens members of Congress?
What is considered "serious" by this administration is more joke or smokescreen, sadly. Otherwise of course you'd have been invited. Ugh.
Next step: ASK to be included. Maybe you were left out for excessive stridency?
You and all the other Dems that he can't practice the fictional ,"The Art of a Deal aka How to be a Con Man for Dummies 101".
The 2 Joes & Heidi, are not Democrats & didn't tell you they were invited to dinner with Trump. 
Boohoo you weren't invited
Senator, I believe Mr. Trump fears you.  GREAT JOB!
He probably invited those he thought he could bully.
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
Impeach the traitor in chief!!! Lock him up!
Shocker!
They only need you to take the blame...
Of course Trump wouldn't invite you to dinner. He's not serious about tax cuts except for the wealthy.
Trump ignores blue states
@jaketapper @politico Don't worry. Everyone knows they lie.
Today is a good day for you guys to demand @realDonaldTrump 's tax returns
Trump will brag about himself all night. Chuck will nod off & Nancy will elbow him. Trump will ask 4 their loyalty. They laugh. The end.
Funny how that works, eh? Just like his rallies...only where he is accepted.
Maybe he only invited people who'd proven themselves trustworthy and capable of bipartisan effort. Your record on that kinda sucks.
You are in a safe blue seat, he has nothing to use to blackmail you into submission like the blues in red states. Don't kiss the ring.
You would just confuse the propaganda effort.
No you're just a loser who has nothing to offer.
He's looking for Quislings (Blues in heavily red states) not bi-partisan cooperation.
We are making sure you know we want NO TAX CUT FOR THE ELITE 1% !!!!!
Tax cut for the wealthy is their goal
He probably misspelled your name three different times on the envelope, and then just gave up.
Shiny objects...RUSSIA
He is also trying to divide Dems by doing this.  Watch your six!
Bipartisan effort = he invited some red state dems in Congress to dinner.
Maybe you'd get an invite if you changed your pinned tweet
he's only after the vulnerable just like a vulture is.
By "bipartisan" they now mean Trump has stopped calling for the preemptive arrest of his opponents.
Hope Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer enjoy the cake at this dinner. Bet it tastes like selling out.
He's just looking for weak democrats to give him one win, then he'll betray them, like he does to everyone else. He uses people like tissues
Silly Ron, By bipartisanship Trump means he wants Freedom Caucus to work w/ Other Cons
Senator that's why it's more like a "bypass bipartisan effort"!
Just Crash the Dinner Party!
RAISE TAXES ON CORPORATIONS!
Proclaim it!!
Maybe you didn't get the memo- looking to lower taxes.  If we needed more taxes, we would call on goofs like you!
They are waiting for the invites to trickle down to you.

(Did not read all other replies)
Obsequiousness required. You do not qualify.  Sorry #trumpfail
And look "Daddy can I come to dinner?" Ivanka's there too
He's Looking for weak links --u are NOT weak! Keep on keeping on! Thank you! 
He doesn't care about doing what is right. He just wants to pretend to be bipartisan. He is a crook and should never have been elected.
That's because nobody considers you a "serious" bi-partisan member!
Might have got peed on....who knows.
Did you check your "junk" folder?
This POTUS is just so GAWDAWFUL. Can't get through his thick head there are 50 states in the country.
Excuse him, Ron. He didn't know Congress had tax writing committees. He thinks it's all Mitch and Paul, Chuck and Nancy.
Maybe he now  he's decided he's a Dem and w/Repubs in congress participating it's "bipartisan".
Gotten: is that a verb?
Calm down sir. He's sending the invite now along with his last ten yrs of tax returns just so u know his reforms aren't ALL self serving
By 'bipartisan' they mean Republicans and Trumpistas.
All correspondence must be approved by Moscow prior to mailing.
So the press is posting Trumps lies with out verifying whether  lies or truthfulness. Thats a shame.
He invited the "milk toasts" of the Democratic Party!
Because there is no chance you will help out. You are more interested in grandstanding on TV ever chance you get.
We'll buy you a dinner to NOT participate!
Nope, he was just trying to flip 3 Dems to his way of thinking. Knew better than to invite Dems like you.
These things happen a lot since Mr Magoo was named Postmaster General.
"Reaching out to (small number of certain) Democrats" = not bipartisan
He is only doing it for the ratings. He was giddy over the good press when he sided with Pelosi and Schumer.
Bipartisanship?  Bahahahahah
Thank you for standing up for Americans! We need you!!
Mancin was invited because he's closet Republican
Is Joe Machin the dumbest guy on the planet? He shows up at WH and buys into DJT lie that tax cuts going to working people/not the rich
@jonfavs @TVietor08 @danpfeiffer Yet another reason to not take Trump's claims of "bipartisan" seriously.
How much longer do we have to wait for a real president, who is for all the people?
TRUMP INVITED THE DINO DEMOCRATS,WHO WOULD'VE PROBABLY DID WHAT HE WANTED ANYWAY. MUNCHIN ISN'T A DEMOCRAT ANYWAY.
They know they can easily flip @JoeManchinWV he's the #1 go to Dem when the GOP need someone easily persuaded to cross his party
Stay on his ass.  #resist
Clearly only the three DINOS were invited to give "bipartisan" appearance.
NO, RON, YOU ARE A REAL DEMOCRAT NOT A DINO IN A RED STATE WHO CAN BE BLACKMAILED.
He only wanted friendly not substance. That's all he understands. Our government is under Putins authority thru Trump. America rise up.
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Weird! You've never been for tax cuts for anyone but Al Sharpton!
Nobody wants your lisping hyper partisan ass in that room
No - you are just too partisan for the effort to be made
Bipartisan is just a new buzzword for Trump. It sounds presidential and was well received at recent test screening of "Debt Ceiling - XLV"
So what say you, @potus?  Where IS his invite?
Serious misstep, again?
Bipartisan- both the Koch Bros wing and the KKK wing of the GOP
Are you in a safe seat and Trump knows he can't threaten you to agreeing to his "bipartisan" plan to cut taxes?
Gonna cry, are we? Didn't get invited to the party?
Obstructionist need not apply.
He only picked the ones he wanted and thought he could sway!!
Front door politics is too transparent.
No tax breaks for the rich.  We can't afford to give them another gift at the people's expense.
Make him pay for that Ron & while yur at it ask him to show his last 20 years of tax returns. How did he make it thru the 2 fin'l setbacks?
Someone needs to explain to Trump and GOP what bipartisan means!!!
laughing my ass off
Why are reporters saying this is bipartisan? He had invited Senators who are Republican light who he will try to peel off,not compromise.
You're a democrat you have no worth.
Sounds like we got an angry butt hurt cupcake here
No one wants you. Your a hack. What happened to the man you used to be. For Americans. Vote out this old man.
Nope. DonnieJohn realizes he can't bully you, sir.
You have to be a Dem from a Red state.
You can fool some of the people some of the time... #sad
I think he was looking for Dems and Reps with willingness to figure out a solution
