What if we skip that and take to the streets demanding impeachment. With all the lawyers in Congress can NO ONE make a case yet???? #resist
Indeed why worry about annoying little things like evidence.
Maybe you should check @RBReich analysis of why there are already 5 reasons. All it will take is political will at this point. Do homework.
No we don't. By the way Trump has no Russian Documents. Also what have you been doing for 5 months for your constituents?  All I see is tear
Karen: You say w/ certainty Trump has no Russian docs? That's not what Eric & Don Jr. say. Wake up...Trump lies constantly & spends your $$.
THe Russian narrative is a liberal ply who just can't get over the election.
Wake up...Trump is stealing YOUR money and giving it to himself, his kids and his Russian buddies.
In case you forgot lobbying with Russi is a bi partisan sport. Clintons both of them she while SOS, Podesta, both brothers, Holdren.
Doesn't calling for special counsel require there be an actual crime committed?
No. Look at the history of special prosecutors, independent counsel,etc. It's an investigation into criminal activity & Russian interference
What criminal activity? Only fact based criminal activity, is unmasking & releasing confidential info on Flynn & Russia hacking.
Casey: That makes no sense. Cart before horse. You are talking nonsense. Unmasking? You've been watching FOX again. Like the headline below.
Please Ask: FBI probing contribution to #Hillary @ClintonFdn VA #GovMcAuliffe  #WangWenliang #ChineseTies & #Russia http://dailym.ai/1XsuMQ3 
Wyden the democrats yes boy. Voters need to Get rid of him. Doesn't give a damn about his voters!
Democrats wanted Comey fired. Plenty of video out there.
Maybe someone can help the people that are victims of the nuclear contamination explodes to them in Washington state at Hanford sir ! Please
What laws were broken? Are you  just anti Trump and hoping to get a democrat back in the WH?
We can't know with so much covering up. You could've asked the same question before Nixon obstructed investigators.
So what basis do we go on? Assume guilt until we can prove it?
No, assign independent investigator to determine guilt or innocence. Pretty straightforward.
You should learn punctuation/sentence structure before calling someone an idiot. & it's hard for systems to work when Trump fires everyone.
https://twitter.com/atleecs/status/863035537959120897 …
@HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @SenateDems  @GOPoversight @OfficeGovEthics @CongressEthics @HouseIntelComm @marcorubio @CNN
We agree! Thank you for being visible and vocal and pushy in defense of our democracy, freedom, and sovereignty.
Wyden does not care about DC turmoil. Just cares about kissing ChuckSchumer ring. Wyden a phony politician. Your Voters are fed up
Crystal: You don't speak 4 me or thousand of other Oregonians who are proud of our senators for speaking out against the criminal in the WH
At this point why? Impeach then imprison. Why is this so hard? A normal, poor citizen lies like this; in jail....our congress is shameless
Trump turning into an authoritarian despot.
Right!
trump sounds like my g'mother in late stage dementia - repeating ad  nauseum, paranoid, combative, etc.  Dump him before he kills democracy.
Independent special shit!! You have already wasted enough of my tax dollars.
I feel the same about you Ron- what are you doing for Oregon specifically? I mean really for Oregon besides chasing partisan immoral ideas?
Investigation of Clinton and Obama NOW
He Just wanted to make the #TrumpRussia Investigation to end and go away! Thats all,...what's wrong with that?? Yeah, Riiiiight....
O of J
I agree with you Sir. Independent Special Counsel is needed now more than ever.
They must continue to put pressure on Paul Manafort. He is a slippery, unregistered foreign agent who has worked for the worst of the worst.
https://mobile.twitter.com/leahr77/status/862180208069267456 …
Dear 4ever: Clapper clarified subsequently that he only had knowledge to a point & could not elaborate on current info. Watch the hearing!
Comey, Feinstein, Grassley and Waters this week ALL have also said publicly there is no evidence they have seen no evidence. Zero. Zilch.
Not true. Classified info on an investigation isn't something any congressperson can comment on. Then there's Trump's obstruction of justice
We need to know as Americans if DJT is requiring Oath of Loyalty to himself. He admitted "not a bad question to ask." Expose him!
YES and SenateDems need to get off your ass and the "diplomatic talk"
and GET TO WORK!
Get this Done and follow up w IMPEACHMENT,  like NOW!
@POTUS Let DOJ do their job. 
We do not need Independent investigation, #Let.It.Go...Let.It.Go...
i agree lets have 2 independent counsels. 1 for russia and trump and the second for clinton and her email debacle!  how about it ronnie?
@realDonaldTrump NEEDS A REALITY CHECK. THIS IS NOT REALITY TV, DONALD!! IT IS NOT A GAME SHOW. YOU ARE NOT IN A COMA DREAMING..
you're such a loser!
Sir, why are Republicans so reluctant to stand up for our country, our Democracy? Can't they see the destruction Trump causing?
Hey Wyden; You and the rest of the Dem-Asses are so out of CONTROL!! LIE..LIE..LIE!!! Comey is gone..JUST LIKE HILLARY!! LIVE WITH IT!!
Yes we do to investigate hillary emails, servers, corruption, payments for favors, Benghazi, aides. Stuff you love  her for! Disgusting!!!
There is no crime. No evidence. This is a ruse to divert attention from the fact that Obama spied on Republicans.
YES #CountryBeforeParty #TrumpObstructingJustice #InvestigateTrump #Russia #FollowTheMoney
.@RonWyden
No, you do. You want that independent counsel to have someone there who will reach the decision you want reached for impeachment.
Trump is not under investigation. It is a COUNTER INTELLIGENCE investigation. He cannot be implicated bc it isn't a criminal investigation.
Every politician and news agency's claim about him being implicated is a blatant lie making one of the biggest scams of the public this year
If it weren't for double standards, senator, you would have no standards at all. Clinton/Lynch, classified emails, Benghazi.#DEMentia
Where is your support for special independent counsel on Hilary's private email server that gave Russians classified secrets..oh no support?
Yeah you keep up the great work there Wyden ya big fraud!!!!
The @CIA cannot keep us safe if the #Russians are taking over the country.  Putin hates the @CIA  And Pompeo could be another compromise.
Just another liberal grandstanding to make personal political gain! A waste of time and money, but hey libs never care about that!
everyone of you are all sore losers , stop crying, let the man do his job , he is the President , nothing you can do about , stop crying
it is people like you that will not let our President  Do his job!!! He won !!! let him do what the people who voted him do!!!
Seems 90% of your tweets are aimed at your disdain for Trump. Is that what you were sent there for? Talk about a Waste of taxpayer $.
Do what you can! We're with you Senator Wyden...baking Oregon and the nation proud.
You full of s***
Now #ImpeachNow #SpecialProsecutorNow
Will you take to the floor to demand this? I'm one of your constituents in the 97202 and I want my leaders to fight against despotic action.
You should be voted out. You don't give a damn about your voters. All you are is a #TrumpHater 
Get rifpd of tnis Wyden Dem Hack
sick of your games! The Russian connection is on Hillary! why aren't you demanding  prosecution of Clinton?
You don't trust Mr. Schiff either?
Thank you Senator, you're doing a great job for us!
Come on #SnowFlake you know better why do you #Democrats never tell the truth
I am so impressed with Ron Wyden. This mess with Trump gives us an opportunity to get to know the players in DC
We should investigate @TheDemocrats alcohol intake and mental condition. They were against Comey before they were for him. Transparent fools
You (again) show why we need #TermLimits.
What a coincidence.  The American public are planning to fire Trump, regardless of any DOJ recommendation.  #resist
@SenateDems - we need ISC on 2016 election Russia Clinton DNC Seth Rich - Rice Rhodes unmasking .
Bullsh*t.
How can you be on the Sen Intel Comm investigating @POTUS, whom you clearly despise and are very openly trying to oust? How is this allowed?
I.e. visas for sale only 500,000
You don't want an IC for truth. You want it for a coup. You and your party are hate filled and corrupt. Party>country. You hate the USA.
@he is just saving face He needs to go as soon as possible it is obvious he is covering up & his family is using office for personal gain
Didnt need one for HRC. Didnt need one for Bengjazi. Didn't need one for DOJ andd gun running. Hypocrites. Thy name is SenateDems.
What are you talking about? There were investigations into all of those. Obama/Dems didn't dismiss anyone standing up to them like this.
It is illogical to keep someone on the job who isn't doing a good job, like Comey.
Also why we should consider impeachment.
@SarahHuckabee comments today reflect false & contradictory information from the WH, this is disturbing Where is @SenateMajLdr ?
@SenateDems
Talking loud and saying nothing and doing nothing.
By the way firing Comey does not stop investigations. The FBI will live on. Besides it was the DAG & AG that recommended it. He's President
Can you list what crimes he has done for impeachment.  Clintons did commit crimes and Bill was impeached.
10 months of investigation and tax payer funds that have resulted in no evidence of collusion. It's not Trump try Hillary & Uranium One.
Absolutely @RonWyden . Trump just added to the mutiplying impeachment charges against him in his interview with @LesterHoltNBC
Thank you for asking the right questions. It's nice to feel that we have someone in DC that "has our backs".
No he shows why he needs to be impeached  and penice
Yeah, those are great. Just ask the Clintons.
His repeated criminal obstruction of justice also must be investigated. Can wait no longer for GOP to act.
Fight hard, Senator. Fight like hell. You're doing a wonderful job; Grateful to you, for heroic hard work.
