To protect Americans’ ballots AND protect their constitutional right to vote, Oregon-style #VoteByMail is the best solution.
#VoteByMail ensures a paper trail for EVERY SINGLE BALLOT. And it clears obstacles to voting for seniors, students and working Americans.
@Vagabond_Woman Then of course you should have no problem with Americans showing ID when voting
so long as it does not prevent anyone from voting, of course. Unfortunately, that's not always true.
if it prevents u from voting, get an ID. U need an ID for so many different things. Voting should be a no brainer
in the mean time what are you doing about voter suppression, unfair ID laws, gerrymandering and a corrupt electoral college ?
it targets poor and old citizens who may not have IDs
@RodMyers22  I'm not sure that's true. Trump was elected entirely due to voter fraud and voter manipulation.
Be ready to stand up to Trump and GOP to stop voter suppression. I'm Oregon born and will hold you accountable with my vote.
prove it!!
umm,
is the investigation an attempt to divert our attention away from some sinister executive action?
I wondered same, but also think this more about Trump's fragile ego.
is DJT a cartoon villain? Is he playing a game of monopoly?
I cannot tell if he's smart enough to be evil, but he has surrounded himself w/villains.
Many voter fraud in the fail state of Oregon #pathetic
Does it have to be "significant" to be investigated? Liberals just want all the ILLEGALS to vote for them.
Thank you for fighting for the truth
in Oregon dead people vote.  It's been proven but nobody listened to the woman that uncovered it.
Unless you consider #RussianInterference ? Let's Investigate THAT!
I had it my whole life, but it could be better: like, why can't we retain a personal PIN that's tied to our ballot? Then
we could see! see, the archival evidence of the vote very simply. Forensic Auditing would be a breeze. It would make it better.
thank you for representing the interests of Oregonians in the face of this unprecedented time.
After reviewing the shameful leaks of DNC emails...Vote Fraud is not unlikely
His own team has told him that. It's ridiculous.
As an Oregonian who voted for you, keep up the good fight! Stand with @BernieSanders  and @SenWarren , we need unity!
if there is ANY evidence it needs to be investigated!
the strict voter ID laws in key republican states most certainly affected the election--for Trump.
Please help save America. DT is mentally ill. Unfit to serve.
Getting worried now...
do you live in cave with no form of media? #ballotdestruction #dnc #deadvoters #veritas #violenceplanned #birddogging #illegalvote
Please don't let your fellow Democrats be “reasonable” and “measured” in their opposition. Extreme times call for extreme resistance!
if his claim is frivolous & consensus is there is no evidence to support it, please object to spending tax payer dollars on this!
@cindypope It's a #FakeCrisis to COVER UP the #RussianHacking of Swing States & the 80k Votes used for drumpf. #ToolOfDeflection
Stand firm against Trump. Thank you. You make Oregon proud.
I agree. He's like a dog with a bone. Time for POTUS to give it up and start acting presidential. Embarrassment to USA
this is about giving states a green light to install more voter suppression.
Diversion tactic.
2)and anyone the Pres. proposes for SC other than Merrick Garland.  In addition, keep taking the ACA fight to the people!
We need you to stand up to this admin. in this case as well as in the incompetent and unethical Cabinet nominations 1)
.@RonWyden So grateful we have Senators like you. I’m very disappointed in my AZ reps.
Except for @Greg_Palast investigation #TrumpStoleIt with #CrossCheck https://www.facebook.com/GregPalastInvestigates/?fref=ts … Where is the #DOJ investigation?
Trying to distract from Russian connection.  Cause crises to distract from his criminal behavior.  #TheResistance
Are you including the Democratic primaries?
sick burn homie. About that @HillaryClinton???
#factsmatter You are correct!
Other than Russian interference with the election. Will Herrpiece investigate that?
And now that there is suppression of federal agencies, how will we trust the results of the investigation?
(2) 80k in known swing states - That's what y'all should be LOOKING AT! Also, the #ElectoralCollege. Get rid of it. Once/For All.
This is nothing more than to deflect from the known suspected Russian Hacking. FOCUS on the Heart of What REALLY HAPPENED!! (1)
then, why are you tweeting about it?  Work on getting REAL things done. Make America work again not gossip & argue more.  Thanks
unfortunately too many people believe tumps schtick.
@OddZombie GOP will redistrict states,stop minorities&poor frm voting,get FBI&Russia2spread lies,only white rich vote, fool poor.
Keep up the good work @RonWyden!
Vote fraud is a fake crisis designed to steal Americans’ right to vote. There is NO evidence of significant voting fraud. #factsmatter
yes he wants to set up for the next elections b/c he knows he's losing
That's what they want you to think, Ron.
He uses it as a distraction from all the other stunts he is pulling. PLEASE CALL HIM OUT ON ALL OF IT!! You're doing a great job!
Please fight to make accessible Environmental Scientific findings.
We will see, crazy how some districts have 100% vote going 1 way... or maybe that's just me
. The only reason commiecrats say there is no problem is they are running schools teaching these traitors how it's done.
@JVPforOregon PROUD OF YOU SENATOR
@Teamsters Wolf in sheep clothing...very sneaky
Only proven fraud perpetuated by Steve Bannon, registered in 2 states. #ROD - Resist! Obstruct! Deny!
Any fraud is significant. We need voter ID law.
http://www.pewtrusts.org/~/media/legacy/uploadedfiles/pcs_assets/2012/pewupgradingvoterregistrationpdf.pdf …
End argument on both sides - legislate voter ID laws. Then there can be no concerns from either side of the political equation
@WordKitchenDC No just VOTER SUPPRESSION!!
why aren't the Dems standing up and calling Trump on what he is - a liar, a narcissist, someone with mental deficits?
@Teamsters  a distraction while he busily signs executive orders....
Let's say they produce a report that smells cooked. Is there a counterpower that can verify it with enough legitimacy to convince Trumpists?
what makes you think they'd bother with a report? They'll just keep repeating it.
This tweet seems like a response to yesterday's press questions, and implies a procedure, and presumably a report.
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....
trump is trying to detract from the real issue. Russia  investigation and his taxes. Don't fall for it.
@pierre wasn't everyone upset when @DrJillStein started an investigation into voter fraud?
you are a crisis for OR
how would you know.  Did you investigate it for yourself
Both a pathetic attempt to save face and an attempt to distract the press from real issues, exec orders, etc.
Insist that ANY "investigation" be independent & INCLUDE illegally removed names that blocked Dems voting!
it is also designed to demonize and incite against hispanic citizens. Please do what you can to call it out when it happens.
How would there be evidence without an investigation?
If the USG will not show the 'study' & 'evidence' then clear your State. This is not abt the Pres vote, its about ALL ballot votes
Just give it like, a year. Then there will be significant voter fraud, as in people wont be able to vote.
dude quit playin.
@morrison_deb You should drop the "significant" qualifier. Republicans peddle in absolutes- you can't counter them with qualifiers
the only voter fraud is in gop run states with voter suppression, cross check and gerrymandering.
yep
.@RonWyden Steal AMERICANS right to vote? No, to ensure that illegal aliens are not here to participate in our election process.
There is voter suppression, though.  We should be investigating Crosscheck, which prevents many legal voters from voting
Besides narcissism fair and legal voting is NOT what this is about. Only winners here are those who want restrictive voting laws.
Sen Wyden, how is Oregon going to protect itself from the Trump Carnage? Are our elected state officials working on a plan?
Totally agree!
I'm relieved u r there.please stay vigilant. Our democracy depends on u. Trump is unfit
thank you Senator for saying what is at stake: more attack of voting rights
@nybooks, you forget the #AlternativeFacts
@alexandraerin seems like if there are claims of massive voter fraud from the executive branch, we need to redo the election
@alexandraerin Happing in the UK too. “Although the scale of voter fraud is not thought to be widespread”:
keep talking Ron-we have your back!
...but there is voter suppression.  Investigate that!
Right and suppression is going to get worse
All the rest of us that actually vote in their interests, let's not back down 2 the Trump & GOP assault #indivisible #WomensMarch
it's racist and condescending to assume #minorities will suffer more from #VoterID laws #FactsMatter
wrong. But we already know you hold the truth in almost as much contempt as the people you want to disenfranchise
we know the #dems fear #voterId b/c they are afraid of losing the #minority votes
no son, it's because we know you only want it to disenfranchise Americans
you called me 'son' and presumed to know my intentions. You've revealed your willfully ignorance
we know your intentions son. You are not as clever as you like to pretend you are
voting is the foundation of our republic. Its integrity should be proactively protected at all costs
ID is required for many other constitutionally protected rights like gun purchases. Voting is more powerful, why not it too?
because, unlike you, we aren't interested in disenfranchising Americans from voting
there is no evidence to suggest it would disenfranchise anybody except illegals. Who is the victim?
don't lie son, the number of Americans you choose to disenfranchise has been documented many times
@nybooks It could be a result of Trump's ego, but an assault on the right to vote? Poorly disguised hyperbole
your words are always spot on, but your action to capitulate to unqualified cabinet members show your actions don't always match
Thank you so much for your desperately needed voice & common sense!
Sen Wyden-in CA with a simple check the box voter reg no proof of US Cit, no investigation how can we say no fraud? No one knows
nope
BULLSH-T: Oregon 2012 Election GMO Referendum almost passed w/750 fraudulent votes! Nobody went to Jai!!
Explain all the news accounts of voting machine errors, dead people voting and buses moving people from vote to vote?
I'm v. worried about the downfall of government transparency. Will FOIA be repealed as part of this 'investigation?'
This is the manufactured crisis I have been worried about.  Exploiting crisis is a pretext for a power grab.
Yes. But, edit: cut out weasel words "evidence of" and "significant" next time.
why? There is evidence of 31 in 1,000,000,000 votes, words and truth are important
Because 31 in 1 billion is patently absurd, and even in rhetoric 0=0.
the word you are looking for is "insignificant"
is that not why it should be investigated #WhyBeAfraid #ProtectOurFreedoms
protest him is to say NO to his draconian nominees
thank you Senator!
but vote suppression is not #Crosscheck @Greg_Palast
@nybooks https://www.brookings.edu/blog/fixgov/2016/11/08/voter-suppression-in-u-s-elections/ …
Respectfully, why didn't you help the house delay the inauguration?  They begged for 1 senator.
I couldn't agree more @realDonaldTrump is using voter fraud as a means to and end other than protecting integrity in voting.
Voter I.D. laws ensure voter integrity. Maybe you should ask Cali to adopt that law.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrXwwfKrCY4 …
not sure Sen. Wyden has time for Truth?
It really is disgusting to see someone who is supposed to be a leader act this way
Even the study they are siting says that they are lying
,,Schaffner labeled the administration's claims as "absurd" and "not even plausible." 
How do we stop this misinformation
We need better than facts.  I'm a factist.  But mere facts did not stop Hitler, no matter how often his opponents corrected him.
We are counting on you to keep us informed here at home!
my senator is awesome!
