Women, elderly, and preexisting condition voters are going to have to die/be harmed before GOP cares enough to do what's right for citizens.
I do not believe that.   Many of my friends cannot afford Obamacare. It only works for the very poor.
As proposed, Trumpcare will work best for the wealthy as all of us will pay a lot more for less insurance, or have no insurance at all.
Since it is secret.....I am sure you have creditable sourced. Right???!
You aren't serious, and I'm not looking for a silly argument. So, have a great day.
Dodge the question and keep posting as "fact".
The bill is the source. It was public as of yesterday. It's official release occurred this morning.
Also, it's not a difficult read if you care to indulge.
after the historic catastrophe that is Obamacare, no Democrat has any grounds to open their mouths. It's on them to the end of time.
The weaknesses in the ACA were created by GOP obstructionism. Get a clue
Ok, I'll bite. You posted it enough times, now explain it!
Enter this phrase into google:

ACA weaknesses were created by GOP obstructionism
I know how to search, I want to hear it from you
She blocked me!  Guess it is too hard to explain
Wasn't in the talking points the @dnc gave her
I think that is a record, under 3 minutes for a block
I believe the GOP would love to keep the #ACA if they could only take the black man's name off it & claim as their own. #Obamacare #NewDay
Notice they take great pain to avoid calling it the Affordable care act?
Affordable???you must only watch cnn!
Guess drywalling has left u flush with $, which is good bc if u think Ocare is bad or that the goal of R's is to save U $, u would be wrong.
I blocked the ignorant troll. 
Smart.
Don't waste my time anymore on the willfully ignorant. #notdistracted
Obamacare played with people's lives and wallets for too long. Get a grip  obamacare is dead. It's time to start accepting some things
Yes it's called Obamacare the unaffordable can't keep your doctor plan that Republicans now have to fix their mess again
The weaknesses in the ACA were created by GOP obstructionism. Pay attention for once
Socialize medicine doesn't work anywhere do the math please
What is the fate of the ACA's "Prevention and Public Health Fund"? Repealing it would hurt our national security and economy. #AHCA
Do you even know what the PPHF is? It goes towards bioterrorism prevention and the prevention of pandemics/epidemics.
So you don't care about bioterrorism prevention? That's not a partisan issue, that's called common sense.
Liberals forget that taxpayers are people too
You mean like Obama Care that screwed me over so bad I can't afford to go to a Dr?
Senate released their new "health care  plan".
"Forgetting" and not caring are 2 different things.
Healthcare should be affordable and accessible for everybody.
That's why there're replacing it...
The GOP don't give a Damn about people, Hey half of them are traitors to the U.S. The sold out to Russia for Money and Power.
Keep on lying to yourself, that os really working for us!!! #democrats are done.
GOP is crafting a healthcare bill in secret, but the Democrats are the problem? Partisan dummies are the worst.
That's awfully rich. What are you telling ppl w $1500/no policies and $6-10k deducts meaning paying $18k/year  for policy??
The weaknesses in the ACA were purposefully created by GOP obstructionism
Repeating the same thing over and over again is the classic sign of insanity
George, I understand that it upset you that Obama was black, but that doesn't mean his policies failed.
Why do you lie so much George
@gop #passthebill
There are people who have already lost their care under the existing Act because it has become too expensive or they have lost providers.
No, they did not forget for one second that those numbers were people’s lives. Lesser people’s lives.
They haven't forgotten, they just don't care.
They remember.  Don't care
Obstructionist! Dems want Single Payer! Obama care was designed to be the sinking Titanic. Now they get to criticize the mess they created?
Like like when Dems passed Obamacare without one republican vote and through millions of hard working Americans off their healthcare
Here are some numbers my premium tripled and deductible went from $2500 to $9000
Why people vote for Sen/Rep who vote in many cases against their best interest? The GOP can answer the question, can the Dems???
Because o"care did such a great job - as Anthem pulls out of two more states - hypocrite
The ACA's weaknesses were created by GOP obstructionism, Mike. Do you pay attention
No. The whining Hillary clan do not care about Americans only their Democratic Party.
It's GOPers that keep obsessing over Hillary. You realize the election is over, right
Republicans are working & the failed democratic party are doing NOTHING! but complaining! Democratic party has failed the American people!
They aren't forgetting. They are heartless and cruel.
Obama care was built on intentional lies that played with the lives of millions of people. So what your point ?
Dems should realize we don't believe anything they say..they only want to obstruct..
The GOP obstructed for the past 8 years, numbnuts
Actually Trump is the one doing that, genius
Dems did it with FAILED Obamacare!! And they did it WORSE than Republicans. "We have to pass it to see what's in it" REALLY???
That quote is taken out of context because FOX loves lying to its viewers. Stop being so gullible.
Same losing message from MSM and Dems
Keep it up
America is winning
@realDonaldTrump
Say goodbye to your Medicare, JR
..bored with this constant garbage.  All I hear is concern for Medicaid, aka free.  What about people who work and cannot afford insurance?


Hahahaha
You are laughing as the GOP plans to kill millions
Risk/benefit analysis. People are at risk because they want to benefit themselves.
Tell ya what, they do this health care bill and try for tax cuts for the wealthy, there will be riots. #AmericanGenocide
Clueless!!
Explain?
Obama care is a complete failure!!
Pete, just because facts upset you doesn't mean they're fake.
@SenateGOP aren't you all #ProLife?
"Pro life" is actually just pro birth. After you're born they're fine with murdering you.
The nation's 2nd largest health insurer pulls out of Obamacare in Indiana and Wisconsin
Bernie, need to make rallies and town halls in Republican District Continuously so you can get your point across. Tell truth w no over tones
Conspiracy News Network and wyden are idiot. Health care bill is a Secret. How can you know if it's a secret?   Lol
It's time for Fair affordable Health Care, Writing a HC bill to satisfy the Freeloaders won't happen. Medicaid is welfare Insurance.
REALLY??? State Democrats have done NOTHING for the prosess but OBSTRUCT. At least Republicans are DOING THEIR DAMN JOBS.
Obamacare screwed the middle class
@RonWyden is a joke.
DEMOCRATS’ OBAMACARE failed Americans! There are 301.3 Americans. Most got Obamacare only 14 million. That's 5% 
http://bit.ly/2sXfbkx 
That's an outright lie.
Sen Republicans r playing with more than Damn numbers,they r playing with peoples emotions,healthcare takes time.
Dems talking point strategy...create walking dead vision of ACHA.
CNN & dem party r  just plain stupid. How can u make such a statement, when u earlier stated the bill is being written behind closed doors?
Chris Collins who said the bill is "mean" you must be disappointed with the presidents comments!!!!
whatth the hellth wasth that. cant underthand a word thisth thenator wasth thaying
Chris Collins,... who said "Mean"?
McConnell wouldn't put it out, if all GOP weren't going to vote for it. GOP Senators complaints is only political cover. LIARS
Misinformed
 EVERYONE including you will see it today
