Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
When will a mainstream journalist research ex-President Obama having a SSN from Connecticut? That is very strange.
No its not Dan. Not everyone gets an ssn in the state they are born, it's where you apply for it.
OBAMA never lived in CT. Lived in Hawaii; Seattle WA/Jakarta/Los Angeles/NY/Massachusetts/Illinois so why does he have CT SS#?
at time of application Obama zip code in Hawaii 96814, Danbury, Connecticut was 06814. Simple application typo.
Or, it was an orchestrated 50-year conspiracy started at birth to cover for a chosen future president. You decide.
if it's discovered that Trump was indeed wiretapped, will you issue a public apology?  Doubt it
don't we have more important issues to Tweet and talk about? Perhaps bill 610?!
Fake News Fake News Fake News Fake News
Americans elected that orange clown. Unfortunately for a lot of them, they're getting what they deserve.

Reply to @RonWyden Trump has PROOF!
Heard this news during the election, that Obama ordered his intel braches to get any and all dirt on Trump. Face it Hillary lost.
"Heard it"? Cool story, bro.
still can't get him to provide a source
All ready did!!!
Time to call @marklevinshow before congress to testify
the Russia Trump collusion must he exposed and prosecuted ASAP, every day that goes by and Dems in Congress hope that someone from
Chair recognizes the Sen from NY Ron Wy...wait. You're from Oregon? your wife and kids live in NYC? how bout an explanation 4 that
Or the true interpretation. An Obama operative had access to the FISA courts and used this access to influence an election
That would be a truly implausible interpretation.
Aww! been there is this:
Ron, the FBI & CIA are so leaky it has become a joke.
After months of Republicans ignoring evidence and the AG covering up wrong doing, going to the press was only option
Lynch/Holder also covered 4 Hillary's MANY pay2play scandals like uranium 2 Russia & weapons 2 countries who paid up
If you want to argue both sides do it, fine - that's why I don't vote for either.  As long as you admit Repubs do it
i will be first in line if/when REAL evidence is presented in context. Most of what is out now is fake news.
No, "fake news" is what Trump calls anything he doesn't want made public.  Sessions admitted to lying under oath
No he didn't. Meetings /w the Russian Amb were public record. The question asked was in reference to the campaign.
He said he did not meet with Russians under oath.  He lied, and admitts that now.  Just like Flynn lied to FBI.
Americans deserve the truth and a President who is sane. We should all be concerned for our safety as long as Trump reigns.
No doubt!
Lol. Liberal theatrics crack me up!!
@DavidCornDC Bet ANYONE $100 #Trump doesn't know the diff between Joe and/or Eugene McCarthy & in what decade they were prominent.
@Coreybez1 @RonWyden @DavidCornDC That's exactly right. If asked, Trump wouldn't know. Shameful this ignoramus is in WH.
So true. This is, after all, a fool who thinks Abolitionist Frederick Douglass is still alive.
the GOP will have the courage to join you is another day you guys look foolish and another day more Americans lose freedoms
We know .@POTUS is not lying.
yes we do.. also explanation of pvt server, DNC emails, off the record meeting with China...#MAGA
I know I'd like one. @RonWyden @realDonaldTrump
TRUMP IS A HUGE CROOK MORE SO THAN NIXON. AT LEAST NIXON WASN'T A TRAITOR!  TRUMP NEEDS TO BE TRIED FOR TREASON!
2 u all who say trump isn't sane. The media LIES we know that as fact. I want truth no matter the source. Tired of the BS
or one of your Obama leakers fucked up and now they will be jailed hopefully you'll join them
@DavidCornDC no America needs a president who doesn't act like a 10 year old man child
I find it absolutely revolting that our Congress can't put a stop to this when the menu of options increases by the day!!!
This is the start of ObamaGate. An illegal use of Govt intelligence agencies. See Mark Levin evidence. Obama needs to testify
you should heed WH call for your committee to investigate & immediately subpoena evidence WH has for allegation
Wouldn't it be funny as all heck if we found out this wiretap was not authorized by a warrant?  What then?  whew!!
.@RonWyden Thank you. This Oregonian will be interested to hear what your GOP colleagues on the Senate Intelligence Committee have to say.
WH press sec admits allegations are unfounded, but won't offer explanation & suggests an investigation needed. Unacceptable.
Well, don't think Trump is making it up, I do think that the FBI needs to address this issue though.
I think @realDonaldTrump has his WIRES CROSSED!
Yes amazing that the only public figure in DC, after decades of vetting, has no scandals in his life until he became President
@BJLeiderman i vote he's making it up. Deflection is his art
I don't agree with you much @RonWyden but this makes complete sense.
true
I dont think so they are not that smart, this is what happens when your distraction strategies fail,Pelosi&Putin C'mon
Sorry partner. The real story here is wiretapping political opponents during election so extensively it makes Watergate look puny.
Ya we should all trust you right after they're done invest.this they can start on Obamas slush fund at the DOJ
and perhaps Trump read about it in NYT. Comey met with you all and told you about Trump being tapped right? Paul Ryan admitted it!
@HaroldWNelson Seriously? What do you think?
.He knows what is coming & prepares his Suckers.His routine. Also has nightmares & avoids going to sleep. Hence early tweets.
@danpfeiffer Ron is another democratic political hack who does not care about the truth. Typical dem.
Nice try, liars. But Obama isn't going to get away with this.His attempted coup will be stopped. He's a criminal.Belongs in prison
President Trump to you!  You want an investigation like the one that was done when HRC destroyed the subpoenaed emails?
@RachelSkywalker @realDonaldTrump The Patriot Act. Touches Everything. So 45, that means you too.
Please keep pushing for the truth. Much  & support from rural Eastern Oregon.
approved one. He has outed himself.
Sorry. That was which.
Exactly. I keep pointing out he says a judge turned down an "earlier" request. What ch is a direct acknowledgement of a second
Must be Charlie McCarthyism because 45 is sitting on Bannon's lap like a ventriloquist ' bummy.
Pathological POTUS. The man needs help.
Exactly. Well put. Appreciate your work on this issue.
prove it
secret service or military, who routinely surveil for electronic bugs, could have alerted Mr. President
and where has your ass been for the last 8 years? You want an explanation now. That's fing rich.
He found it out from Breitbart
just like you,kitzhabor,gov brown ,failed oregon healthplan,n where all the moneys were wasted,harm caused by med cuts disabled???
maybe he's no longer the one being investigated maybe the moved targets to 44s administration.
Either way-FBI or Trump is wrong-A president should not slander a "Private Citizen"; a lawsuit would be warranted
@RepCummings
yeah, but @JamesComeyFBI doesn't comment on ongoing investigations, remember? #sarcasm
@DavidCornDC it Maybe AGJeff Sessions told Trump
Don't be a flip-flopper. Do you support #warrantless #wiretapping or not? Do u support Oregon citizens right 2 impeach? On record.
Wake up...you ppl who work for Obama are going to come out swinging but Trump is swinging back and about 63M people are with him.
Thank you, sir!! THIS is why I voted for you. This is why everyone I know voted for you. Keep up the great work.
@EllenDatlow I think he got the idea from Breibart. He doesn't listen to intelligence briefings
@zakouts84  report from WH source Trump pulled allegation from a Breitbart story Friday.
Is "wires tapped" in quotes code for another "golden shower" moment? ;)
@Andrew_Marshall http://action.larouchepac.com/petition_four_laws …
Obama declassified every info before he left, so it's okay, every info can be shared with the public. True or false. Fair game.
Do you remember what it was he had sealed for like 12 years? Need to look it up. Can't recall. 
the really fun answer is that it was a FISA investigation which the president has clearance to access
that is true I saw that somewhere that it might have been fisa
#ObamaGate

Ron You Don't Watch @FoxNews

Watch SPR Ryan Verify The #WireTap
Want the TRUTH on @SpecialReport

@SpeakerRyan Verifies #FISA Warrants…
Senator Would You Please Comment

On the Report From @FoxNews & @SpeakerRyan
is a Reeeeeeeeeetod
so go get one already instead of just talking about it.
See a speech therapist
when does all this crazy actually cross the line into willful or disconnected reality type of treason? Lock him up
#TheResistance
@ReiswigR COMEY HE's BEEN COVERING & COLLUDING W/TRUMP FROM DAY 1
Yes it is tome for Comey to work for us not just the republican party and the dolt who would be president.
Maybe by "my wires tapped" he meant short-sheeted his bed.
quit terrorizing our country!!!
.@RonWyden Trump is a "subject of an investigation?" Funny, no one told the American People he is. Are you divulging intelligence. ?Treason?
So who brought up "McCarthyism" first, him or the Russians? I saw an article saying Russia was claiming this was how he is treated
@mattyglesias Or Sessions revealed it to WH. Feasible. Logical. Just not ethical or legal.
@joanwalsh and still he persists with the random quote marks...
McCarthyism?  Fred Trump's lawyer was Roy Cohn, Sen. Joe McCarthy's sidekick. Cohn tutored DT, I believe.
Lay off Viagra and get Aricept tRump
This seems like evidence of some sort of paranoid schizophrenic mental health crisis.
Now why would anyone make something up about Demonrats? They are taking themselves down with their corruption.
@DavidCornDC How sad for our country that we now accept it as normal that POTUS makes things up
@isnt_it_rich "[H]ad my wires tapped." What an idiot.
Joy Reid @amjoyshow just noted US President cannot order wire tap. Is she correct?
@brianbeutler: "Joe The Plumber/Electrician."
@danpfeiffer Follow the Senator closely on this...He is telling us something.
Trump, Pence, Ryan, Mitch & whole Admin gone forever. That's my Xmas list. I've been a good boy. From Hillsboro, OR
, our President has lost his mind & now making absurd allegations to cover involvement w Russia. Smokescreen, I know but ...
@Celeste_pewter we should demand a syphc evaluation.
@joanwalsh How did he get that info? A leak? Comey? Sessions? or is that his conclusion based on content he recognizes in reports?
Or he knows FBI/CIA/Press r on to him & he's paranoid assuming a bugging is how they know.. (Consciousness of guilt)
I highly doubt this. He is insane
@joanwalsh Think of the timing of DT's tweets, didn't we hear just yesterday that Chris Steele may be giving new info re: dossier?
Thanks for  commenting about 45 implying that Obama wiretapped trump tower.  45 is an arsonist he setting fires!
how can you even humor these baseless claims? Where is his evidence? Proof? Facts?
Thank you. Fight on please. We are counting on you, and will support you and your staff. @SenJeffMerkley @repblumenauer
with the previous last five or six administrations of corruption it's not hard to believe Trump don't make shit up!
of course it's a lie, another distraction so we forget about his ties with Russia.

@joanwalsh I think he's responding to a Breitbart article rather than his own intelligence!!  That is nuts!
You're our Senator we respect you. Please help us all get this man and his treasonous friends removed, impeached,. Please, please!
what is his source black bart he needs to name the source- that is what he always says
@TheSaiLife if the investigation is ongoing, I doubt anyone investigating the #Trumprussia ties will tip their hand at this point.
What is your expanation about the delays and obstructionism concerning President Trump.
THIS. Trying to divert attention in a most shameful way. #twitler
Well, @BarackObama has been known to wire tap leaders.
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/10407282/Barack-Obama-approved-tapping-Angela-Merkels-phone-3-years-ago.html …
@neeratanden I think we just found the Leaker...DJT and his twitter fingers.
@deejay90192 @realDonaldTrump I get the sense that Trump thinks that as he claimed victory questions would automatically stop!
He's making it up. Actually, Breitbart News made it up, Trump is just repeating it. Stick to Russia story, push on that!
When he's done with Mexicans ( Sorry, I hate that) Who's next? What other races will he remove?
this is just another deflection, irrelevant noise @realDonaldTrump is making to distract from #TrumpRussia. @FBI  @proudmom111
There will be many Obama landmines.
Declassify and release Obamas’s FISA Court applications and let America decide.
Oh my goodness #notmysenator Ronny... It's not looking too good for obama this morning, does it....
Or they're interviewing lower level people who came to Trump and reported existence of phone transcripts.
Careful what you ask for, Trumpski,,,
this is why we need an independent bipartisan commission that does not answer to the WH,DOJ,or congress to investigate all FT.
Or Trump as President is privy to information that #StupidOnPurpose & incompetent Senators(Ron&Jeff) are not aware of. #TermLimits
Rest assured, it wasn't our dignified President.
This is severely messed up. It is far far beyond the time to pull out all stops to put the brakes on this admin. #ConcernedCitizen
@GuyTyping They got 2nd FISA to cover Trump's server for Russia banking connections. No evidence found but tapping continued. 
@DavidCornDC THANKS RON KEEP THE EYES ON RUSSIA
Senator, based on evidence I would say he is making it up
I think he's blaming Obama for something granted to the @FBI and @DOJ @CIA, he considers them all Obama,but they're not
It just proves to me he doesn't know how gov't works
well the 72+million that didn't vote for him KNEW that, unfortunately, the 48% who did, didn't. :(
27% of registered voters voted Trump.  Not all registered voted
A PRESIDENT!!?? - TRUMP!!?? -- IS A HORSES ASS!!
Senator, this FBI, FISA warrant story broke in November. Maybe POTUS just found out but it's hard to believe Bannon and crew didn't know.
Trump tweets based on Breitbart story based on Levin rant based on snippets from WaPo and NYT articles plus... spittle flecks.
@danpfeiffer @realDonaldTrump Also Trump definitely doesn't know what the word McCarthyism means
It doesn't help that DJT is a loon.
Senator why can't Congress just admit that he's unfit before he does more damage? Don't they care about the American people?
@DavidCornDC Trumpski just accidentally revealed existence of  a FISA warrant issued with probable cause of his own wrongdoing.
@DavidCornDC Trump needs his medication dosages checked pronto .. this is a delusional rant - people hurt people when they believe
He is definitely being medicated to the point he believes everything he says. Very dangerous delusions.
@mattyglesias Excellent point. Considering the FBI has been silent on its investigation, & Comey's history, both are possible.
Unfortunately, I no longer have faith in the neutrality of the @FBI with Conney in charge!
@DavidCornDC  So, what if he's "making it up"? What is the penalty?
@DavidCornDC Trumpski accidentally revealed the existence of a FISA warrant issued with probable cause of his own wrongdoing.
http://ln.is/www.politicususa.com/jxLKm …
@DavidCornDC Another lie to divert attention from the ongoing excavation of trumpski's treachery. His dishonesty is endless
@DavidCornDC I think the IG has to assume the former
I'll say!
@DavidCornDC Obama says he is lying. Full stop
this comes from the guy that hired roy cohn as his attorney
or option C: drmpf is blindly flailing around, trying to grasp any theory that will allow him to point his finger.
@SuzanneMoroz1 He is not making that up, he obviously knows this happened.
of course he's not!  I'm all in TRUMP!
Americans deserve to get their lives back. Trump's incessant accusations, deflections & paranoia are exhausting #impeachtrump
@DavidCornDC What a mess. A U.S. President is compromised and there's no end in sight. Who's guilty who's lying who's leaking
probably will find that the source is Alex Jones, you know that "real" news source
That boy sure does stay up all night long.  Must drink a lot of *coffee*
@DavidCornDC another distraction for us to lose sight of trumps disaster
ask for an independent investigation
@danpfeiffer Yes! And me thinks he doth protest too much...
Or, as has been reported, Trump read some garbage from Breitbart News.
I'll go with "making it up."
