NO ONE BELIEVES 45! We are not putting additional national debt in exchange for less benefits!
I'm middle class and it sounds great! Stop lying.
.@TheDemocrats label ALL 9M Americans abroad as tax cheats, destroying mid class w/#FATCA.  Fat cats long gone.
Taking away the medical deduction is going to financially decimate families with huge huge medical bills.  I pray and beg you to fight this!
There will be no middle glass if trump gets his way. There will be the top 2% and the rest of us will be peasants.
if the poor get cuts and the rich get cuts and corporations get cuts. Who does that leave to pay more so it's revenue neutral? Duh
This is Republican Welfare. Take from the poor, give to the rich. They just murdered Robin Hood.
Sounds great! Can’t wait for his tax plan! MAGA!
Your lying again Ron, we need tax cuts here in Central Oregon. We lost jobs again in September because of you being a nasty divider.
Every Dollar not given to the federal treasury. Is a dollar working to filter to the jobs the middle class require to exist.
Are you talking about trickle down? If so, that's been invalidated as an economic theory. It's just an hypothesis.
Actually, it has not been
Guess it depends on who u read. @RBReich says it is. R's strong belief in cutting taxes based on Laffer Curve has created income inequality.
Sounds good if you don't work you shouldn't eat or have health care etc if you have money it is usually because you worked for it
Sounds like business as usual in America.
I am lower middle-class... sounds like scam, and hits my family pocket book.  Eat, heat, housing, Doctor ... bet they don't have my anxiety
How much does the gov waste?
We have the highest corporate tax rate in the civilized world.  We can spend our money wiser than the incompetent government you bow down to
trump nor republicans are functioning by the oaths they took nothing else to say it's corrupt & we r screwed.
The tax reform will boost our economy big time and help middle class business. The Democrats can stop lying.
"Growth Fairy" is cute. "LOOK AT KANSAS" is better. Better messaging goddammit or we'll just lose again and again.
you are a Cheat you are cheating Americans everyday you chase after the Russia nothing burger and POTUS & ignore the real collusion w/HRC
We will fight with Sen.Wyden wether we are residents of OR or not. I am Senator. I vote, I am an activist & I support you.#NoMoreCorpWelfare
As a seasoned politician, make a contribution toward a solution of tax reform. We can criticize you for not trying! Do something positive instead of complaining.
if you don't support TAX CUTS then YOU are truly a partisan HACK
What about the significant increases in 0% tax bracket?
Sounds like typical lying faux pres.
Democrats have this exact statement for over 20 years.  It's just like the children & elderly will be the worst hurt.  Republicans R  less
Republicans are stupid, uneducated, racist & trapped in the 1940's.  I'm a life long democrat and totally disgusted with you & our party.
I am a republican in Oregon and did not vote for Wyden.  However the democrats are right.  This tax plan is snake oil and lies.
As they say i Wisconsin  "YUPPER".....
I’m afraid that’s very true
I'm not happy about it. As a widow, with 3 boys in college- this does NOTHING for me.
This Oregonian needs a tax break. When I look at gross and then net, it makes me sick.
Your pants are on fire
Did you tell him that today? You were with him, right?
Details, PLEASE.
Senator, you’re wrong. I’m a lower-middle class vet and my wife runs s-corps. She thinks this’ll help grow her small biz. You’re just wrong.
You said it .... "thinks" none of us know because we don't see the real numbers.
Hello
Your Obamacare already torpedo the middle class, hi premiums, hi copays, hi deductibles.  We need the tax cuts!!
Facts Ron- no more of your rhetoric. Typical dem in spouting ‘the sky is falling’ - your way didn’t work and America got tired of dem lies=U
To tax cheats? So...to himself
Sounds shitty
You became filthy rich off us tax payers and your problem is Your afraid that you won’t get as much money from us taxpayers after this
As usual, it's sounds like you're lying and misleading the public. Again. The "Progressive" angle....
Hi
Ron has been dumb down by CNN.
Maybe address the mass murder against innocent Americans via DEWs? You know, the Holocaust happening right under your nose, Senator...
Let's see the numbers because we know that you are lying back up your mouth or shut up
He is a hateful liar.
Release the funds fraudulently held by the federal reserve in our names and let's see how that sounds to us middle class
Sounds like the standard Republican tax plan. Same thing for the past 50 years.
I would like you to quit promoting class warfare and spend energy more productively.  Negotiating tax reform should be the goal.
Ask those considered below middle class also. They shouldn't be the forgotten ones in this or any scenario.
Sounds like trickle down economics again. It doesn't work. They need to be stopped
Since bill hasn’t been actually written that makes u a liar
I love you Ron but you have to back these claims up with facts. Thank you. Show us the way.
I guess, the white uneducated ones will approve?
And the educated ones too-- being white isn't a bad thing
I was referring to the latest Trump approval poll. Just FYI...I also happen to be white 
It sounds 100% #Wrong, and exactly like something drumpf would try to pull! Please, let the #Impeachment begin!! @GOP @SpeakerRyan
You're a fool
That sounds like crap to me
Sounds like rich people & corporations screwing over everyone else. Damn Greedy Bastards!! They should pay more taxes not less!!

can we please just get rid of him? don't let him do any more damage. #impeachtrump
Fortunately there are laws and due processes and shitbags (like you) without and understanding of them cannot control ANYTHING
You aren't being honest
.@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski $1.5TrillionTaxCut & PeopleBenefitsCut 4 #CorporateTaxCut, #DeathTaxRepeal-Plz stand 4 us
It sounds horrible to me. We see right through your tax cuts for the wealthy, Mr Trump! No way.
Sounds like business as usual for the current admin. Out of touch with REAL middle class Americans & our constant struggle to make ends meet
Horrible!
What is considered middle class?
I honestly don't know where my family fits anymore
Keep fighting for us Senator we 
Need you
He’s a pos!!
He is worth over 10 million and if anyone thinks he’s working for us is crazy
Good idea, Sir.
Middle class will need extra $4000 to pay for increase in health insurance costs @realDonaldTrump just handed all of us. He owns it. 
NO Trump tax plan! Thank you Senator Wyden!
I'm middle class. @POTUS plan will cut my taxes. Tax cuts sounds good to me.
It's always that way
The rich do not need a tax cut. This would only benefit Trump and his billionaire buddies. Smh that some people think this will help them.
Why should we listen to you. Your political party is in charge of fooling people.
Details, please.
When the so called rich pick up more than 90% of the tax burden, it’s tough to give that other 10% much of a “break.”
4K a year sounds great to us.  WTF? Where have you been?
He's been tweeting and cross dressing
We are being told middle class gets an additional 4K average given back. That would be 32K for the 8 years Democrat party trying to lead.
Wyden's  Obamacare Plan is to keep Subsidizing greedy Health Insurance Companies whose profits have doubled while Premiums & Deductibles keep Spiking while exempting Senate & Staff. CORRUPT!
His base will still buy it.
We have full employment and fiscal deficits. Don't need a tax cut! No need to stimulate the economy.
The RICHEST Americans don't need tax cuts. What the US Tax Code does need is reform of loopholes and deductions that only they qualify for.
I'm middle class and I don't think you should be stealing from the rich either.
Any tax cut is a good tax cut.  Slash spending too.
He got the idea from the Koch puppet who is scheming for his job
Sounds like standard politics.  The swamp is now clean and full of 100% pure swamp.
Witch hunt wyden what about uranium deal with the Clintons and Obama are you going to investigate that
Let's make my friends richer , pay their silence and campaign money
This middle class family says ANYTHING is better than the Democrat #DebtToMiseryRatio
Did you clear this tweet with your millionaire wife businesswoman?
What are you two hiding in New York?
That sounds awful. What about some relief for adults with student loan debt??
There is no way out of none of it
