The Trump administration refused to name the president’s Mar-a-Lago visitors, despite a court order http://nyti.ms/2x2QJzD  
Chippy,chippy,chippy!  What have you done for our country lately!

(11) I think the jihadists began building the arms depots years ago, waiting for the day when there would be enough trained men.
You sat and watched a Hillary Clinton state department offer pay to play all while you stayed silent. Until you condn your own party u fail
What's the legal penalty? When will trump  be arrested ? He's violating a court order @TheJusticeDept
Ron Wyden, you need to be a better man, not a Washington swamp creature!
lock him up!
Oooooo, language!  But I totally agree.
Or his tax returns.
So, anyone can defy a court order or is that reserved for Trump and the wealthy?
Crooks never play by the rules because they feel they are above the rest of us. We are in deep poop.
#lyingdonald does not think the law applies to him.  #ImpeachTrump
No public visitor guest list to the #OvalOffice, either. Why is the Congress tolerating @POTUS outrageous behavior. Drop the hammer, Senator
Wondering how The Obama's became so wealthy, oh you don't ever dig into that!
Thank you Senator for watching out for our interests. Please don't let them repeal and replace our healthcare.
sounds like you are jelous
Sir you spent way too much time playing the I HATE TRUMP card. Grow up and do what you paid to do.
You must realize that you need to back our President because we voted for him because he will make changes that the American people want!
Troll  alert  
Golf is a gentlemen's game. Boycot #trump golf resorts worldwide @PGA @PGATOUR
What happens if the President refuses to follow a court order?  What happens to the average citizen who refuses to follow a court order?
So you weren't invited, puppet?
Trump & the GOP have shredded the idea "no one is above the law"
It's a sad day for Justice & Equality. Shit, it's been a sad 9 months
no one is above the law, well, except Hillary Rodham Clinton and her rapist husband.

This is sooo unethical!  Why arevwe tolerating any of this?!?!? @GOP ALL HYPOCRITES!
Too many Russian Operatives, and other shady, questionable people visiting? Taking private meetings? Paying Bribes? #Resistance
Support bernies healthcare bill!
Didn't Kwame Kilpatrick get 28 years for this a decade ago?  I hope Mueller is all over this guy trump?!
Despite a court order? What are the consequences?
How can this be happening?
You didn't have any issues w/Hillary's pay to play while she was at the State Dept?
Are you ready to be truly fed up yet? Let's stop this criminal NOW!
Enough! Tax reform, illegal immigration, N. Korea, healthcare,  natural disasters, and you're worrying about this crap! Grow up  Wyden!
It's the Trump swamp.
Is there nothing that can be done to combat this outrage??  This is truly despicable!!   I'm livid!!!
Yes. Pay to play. Favors. Like the Mob. They're a crime family.
So put him in jail...seems simple to me
Too bad you weren't this diligent with Obama and the Clintons.  #partisanhack
SMH at armchair lawyers and conspiracy here. Oh Ron stop your implying. Pay attention to Oregon for a change, not just for your photo opts 
Can you impeach for contempt of court, then?
He gave us a big middle finger on the visitor list. I hope the fact-finders can get to the bottom of this.
This should be illegal and yet another obstruction charge!
Can you censure him?
Did you care when:
Go investigate Hillary and her Pay to Play State Department first.
Speaking of pay to play. How did an individual who has been a government employee for over 20 years get to be worth more than $38 million?

Bullshit.
Oh, look! I hooked a TURD. I #InstaBlock TURD's.
Here's some REAL pay to play for you to investigate http://www.judicialwatch.org/press-room/weekly-updates/weekly-update-amateur-hour-state/amp/ …
He refuses to do anything that's required by law. What a (insert sarcasm here)  "great" example for our children.
Speaking of pay to play Ron takes in more $ from healthcare industry than almost every other dem. No surprise he doesnt back #MedicareForAll
Clinton Foundation...
Wish you were this concerned when HRC was pulling pay to play with the Clinton Foundation while Secr of State.
get to work fixing problems. Wish you had the same concern abt
 Clinton  Foundation as you have for member of a private tax paying business
As opposed to the Clinton's and their foundation? Too funny
States won't release their voter registries either. Is that mean there are illegal voters?
No Ron the tax cut are play and have your employees pay!!!
Pay higher taxes than the company or CEO
I move to repeal ALL personal income taxes at all levels in all states, and start over figuring out how to fund government waste.
How is he our Pres? Is he above the law? When does it end?
i want to like you but you're a hypocrite.  Is healthcare pay to play?  According to you.
Health care has always been pay to play, and so why not spread the cost out across all players with Medicaid for all?
The good guys! #MAGA
Well, one out of three is not great.   Kennedy is the only decent president there.
What do you think about Ocrapa? Worst President ever... Ocrapa shitting on America
You like high taxes and want to keep them that way.
I'm sure the list is filled with many fine people from both sides.
It is a members facility, they were members before he was Pres. Everything he has done has been for taxpayers...PS  you even live in Oregon.
It's a private club, visitors don't want to be named, how about the clubs you attend, would you want the brothels to show you as a visitor?
any of this would make the right blow curds and turds and the hypocrisy is disgusting & poisonous. Mueller do your magic and well.
Hold him in contempt. Or is Trump above the law?
Or his tax returns.
