You can delay this with amendments and endless vote-o-rama. It may come down to you, not us
I hope you will tone down the negative rhetoric & show you can work together with the Republicans especially after yesterday's shooting.
I hope so too, but I'm not sure it's possible for either of our Senators.
Me neither. Time for change.
Ron Wyden for President
The Gop wants to bring out there health bill at the minute demand for a vote before the break that way you won't be able to read it thru

Kinda mouthy, aren't you, for someone who is exempt from Obamacare.
We need to be saved from the evil that is trump and company.
I haven't seen anyone fighting to keep Obamacare that has Obamacare. If you like it so much, then you use it. Too expensive to have/to use
BTW, I have Obamacare and LOVE it, so there you go.
Hey, good for you.
@SenateDems @Shareblue Come on people! No bills should be snuck thru by Trump & the GOP!Trump's under investigation!This is wrong!
Like Obamacare?
Thank you, Senator Wyden!
Save the ACA?  Really
I use to believe you DMS were "intelligent" "serious" peoples representing the American people needs above all. How wrong was 
Force exempt senators and their family onto Obamacare and watch how fast they fix it.
The senators hiding this plan need to be held accountable.
#ResistNOW
You cut off bottom where#Resistance Wyden directs public to "Be loud be strong be relentless in pushing pushing pushing" sounds agressive!
I included the import part.
I don't care on your take. Your take w/Obamacare was equally repulsive & you did NOTHING! Ever wonder why you aren't in those discussions?
Yes yes yes
You are not my represenative!
Thank you for your stance against lies the Q&A at the Senate hearing!
It will take all of us to fight the secrecy of this process and provide the health care Americans are clearly saying they want.
Thank you Sen Wyden! And can you use the "add amendments" tactic? Propose 1000's amendments to hold up vote? THANK YOU!
'healthcare' bill is seriously bad news, millions will lose coverage altogether, millions will get worthless pseudo-insurance. Call Congress
Does it help to call/text/tweet to Senators in other states?
To bad you were not focused on representing Oregon and working with the @gop on #AHCA.#passthebill
CALL UR SENATORS PPL!
@SenateDems @Shareblue Bugs Bunny Wyden
@RonWyden #wethepeople take is it's gone with Obama now pass it stop trying to lie scare the American ppl 

Vote your #criminal party home
Go to Work !!! Do Your Job !!! Don't be a DemonRat !!!
my senator .@SenTedCruz doesn't care, he in the gaggle of 13 #gop white men on gov insurance crafting there tax cut masked as healthcare
We're waiting on the Dems to take action - withhold consent, filibuster by amendement. We're doing our part.
Yes it is past time to Gut the #ACA and bury its stinking corpse on the trash heap of history.
Time for vote a rama
Pelosi said, we have to pass it to know what is in it, while holding up book on Obamacare. Have constructive input Wyden not just resistance
Anything different than having to sign it to know what's in it? Hypocrisy?
YOU ACT! Withhold consent, nothing moves without YOUR consent. Add endless amendments, Vote-O-Rama. Do something besides TALK-FIGHT!!!

Be tough! We're depending on you! And thank you!
Thank you for opposing AHCA. Tell @SenateGOP that voters in NOT one of the states they represent wants this:
The GOP takes orders from billionaires and then figure out how to convince their base what's actually good for them is bad for them. Weird
I'm trusting you, Jeff Merkley and Earl Blumenaur with my life on this! Please don't let us down!
So you want supporters to shoot @GOP members?
I would call my Senator now about this, but you are that senator.  Got to meet with a few health policy advisors a month ago in DC too.  :)
Thank you, Sen.Wyden for being a true blue leader  on this disastrous bill. I'm calling Republican Senators, even though I'm an Oregonian.
Wouldn't we all love to see the bill so we can dissect it. I have my scalpel ready.
More interested in #SethRichCare
You are reprehensible!
Please don't let this hc go through!
I support you 100% keep fighting for us
You're a hero. Go, Senator Ron!
Why would you want to end health care for millions of Americans? Serious question.
I thought you're questioning of sessions was awesome
It was awesome watching the AG bat him away like a fly!
Maybe should read: "It is GO TIME on STOPPING #Trumpcare "
Orbots unite!
SHUT UP TRAITOR ..
