@MatPDX  Yes.  These people are so very hateful to the middle class and the poor.  Sad about them
and u think Obama wasn't it's all about money  to politicians
all I know is that he did a lot of Great things for this country.  What we are dealing with now is hate.
sawfather06 is not an American my guess Russian not joking
so because you have no facts you're going to sling hate sounds about right
no not at all show me your facts !
we tried it yours and Obama's way for 8 years, now it's our turn.
you lie you create fear and hate  lies lies lies lies
it's you who is the hater. Stop rioting and get a job. We will cut you off wealthfare. No more Obama to protect 
theybcall us elites then call us welfare queens decide can't be both
but we can decide that you're snowflakes get dumber and dumber 
thank you
You devastated the American heathcare system, the day YOU voted for the #ACA Socialism Sucks
@Lee_in_Iowa and I hope it affects those coal miners who voted for that jackass.
coal miners got their cancellation notices in mail past weekend
Loss of my ACA coverage will put my life at risk to uncontrolled asthma. I don't want to die.
it's time for you to retire.  Find solutions.
thank you for standing up for women's rights. Please do not let them defund @PPact
@EstelleGill10 Thank you Senator Wyden.
Six weeks with a VA issue and no response. Do you care about your constituents? Evan, try leaving a phone number next time, that would help.
Yes, please fight; it's disheartening that we still have to fight for basic care, but here we are.
@repgregwalden
Listen to what Trump said while campaigning. He described #MedicareForAll.
#GOP #Trumpcare should be vetoed.
DemocRATs broke the Healthcare system...@realDonaldTrump is fixing it. That's why you exempted yourselves from it!
This is what we voted for. This is change to believe in. Thank you for finally noticing.
I noticed no price tags have been released. The best sounding bill ever could be a disaster without this detail.
Thank you, Senator Wyden, for fighting the good fight against these cretins.
The United States is one of the few wealthy countries that does not guarantee health care as a basic human right.
that's because it's 18% of our economy.
Why not just have 2 different healthcare plans,one for Republican minded ppl and one for others?
Sure, CCO's in OR throw $20,000 x-mas parties, split large pots of money at the end of the year! Pay CEOs $200,000 + salaries
Thank you. I won't survive w/o Medicare & Medicaid. I get 2 'donut' around June. So I die under new plan? This is beyond upsetting
This plan affects everyone! Don't believe you won't be affected bc you're covered on your job or Medicare/Medicaid recipient..
Please do.

Repealing Obamacare is a One Trillion Dollar tax cut.

I like One Trillion Dollar Tax cuts.…
Thank you Senator for you principled stand and hard work on this.
that new republican bill will make Americans sick again!
thank you.  stop the Madness.  what is the end goal?!  Is it truly about money and money only?
the only thing this bill does that is better than the ACA, is BIG tax cuts for the rich. I will be reading the bill further today.
Watch out for the continuous coverage clause. This could really hurt some people. It could spiral out of control.
And HSAs are a crock. No one plans on getting cancer, and the avg person couldn't save enough for treatments. HSAs =\= insurance!
Thank you! We want a CBO score! #noscorenovote My family depends on the ACA.
yes please Senator.
Thank you, Senator.
You Criminals Dems knew ObamaCare was AGAINST THE CONSTITUTION
to FORCE Americans to BUY Anything...but you passed it anyway !
thank you
THANK YOU Ron, only reason I haven't disturbed you with calls, e-mail, or letters, I KNOW we are on same side
Thank you for fighting for Oregonians and Americans--especially the poor and vulnerable.  I am proud you are our state senator!
did the GOP not realize the voters are energized? Come the fuck on- constituents  vote for you- serve our needs or be rejected
yes please.
Decimate means to reduce by a power of 10. For many of us, obliterate is the correct word.
could you cite ;please, the name and designation number of this bill ,please and thank you
Obamacare is dead Senator. It collapsed under its own weight. If only some people on the Hill had warned you in 2009.
fight it, please. Just stop making expats & #AccidentalAmericans pay for it. We don't begrudge you healthcare, but we shouldn't pay for it.
Yes, we will. Thank you!!!
Thank you, Sir.
thank you
They want the weak & poor dead we don't for in their agenda
Don't stop fighting!
thank you.
please do.
Thank you for trying. Even though I couldn't get treatment, I've seen how much good the ACA has done for those that do have it.
Term limits Ron. You've been in too long.
Keep up the good fight and get LOUD please!!!
Thank you!
And still I have not received an answer as to weather or not we are deep water testing for radiation leaked from Fukushima.
i am willing to bet that a lot of people would like a re-do of their presidential vote.
fight like hell!  Please
العقل السليم فى الجسم السليم
@carl_krash GOP will be in a death spiral over this...
You'll fight, but is there any reasonable chance you'll win? This will devastate the American economy and destroy millions.
@judithconsult God bless you Ron Wyden proud to be a CHS Eagle  keep up the fight for USA  #hcldr
Why? You should rush passage of it. Push them to make it more extreme. Rip healthcare away from millions ahead of an election.
please do and also encourage all of Washington too.
Please join us March 11 2017! https://blumenauerforms.house.gov/news/email/show.aspx?ID=P4VSDT2EYRSMI … <this is on EVERYONE'S mind around the world now! Trump is a nutcase & you know it!
oppose it.
we cannot go back!
This bill will hurt the poor and sick!
I sort of got the heads up on it already: https://blumenauerforms.house.gov/news/email/show.aspx?ID=FEXZN3UUHX624 … Please fight this for all of us. BTW, send emails out to us in PDX as well
bill is a good start.gets rid of all the mandates, increases choices for individuals and groups...per capita block grant on mcaid
Thank you.
@lindaplewis Thank you.
@Lee_in_Iowa Trump said he would leave Medicare and Social security alone. He's renigging on that too?
why can't we just take the good from both sides and make that Healthcare both sides have good and bad
thank you sir!! We the American people appreciate all you are doing to help us through this difficult time.
another Trump lie ("we're going to replace Obamacare with something much much better") becomes reality, HC decimated
Thank you, sir. Fight.  Resist. The House Repubs are greedy bastards attempting to profit from the misfortune of the vulnerable.
@Lee_in_Iowa #PauseThisPresidency everything @GOP & @realDonaldTrump does is suspect due to #TrumpRussia ties
thank you and good luck! 
@Lee_in_Iowa GOP have control and are afraid of Trump. It will pass
@Lee_in_Iowa How will this help my daughter with Crohn's Disease? She needs Humira to treat her illness, without it she could die.
- GOP hates me !!!!
@ruckawriter am i reading it correctly cause it looks to me that it was written to exclude Planned Parenthood from medicaid pymts
Ron, How about, "We will fight & win this"?
@charles_gaba PLEASE fight this! It's terrifying on every level! 5x premium for older Americans with individual policies??
you better fight it!
this is B.S.  Stop the hate.
, is disabled person we'll stand up for those who cannot stand up for themselves and I will fight till my dying breath for this
is anybody reading this to contact wieden & Brown let's Stand Together to see medications restored Cuts or harmful not helpful
and we were promised the disabled Community would not have their medications touched stand up for us now please as you have4others
please do not impede giving the doctor writes to write for our medications including pain again I was on The Advisory Board
I asked you to get on board and see the money this time is not wasted like it's Harbor Dead with brown last time Kentucky Health
Please don't let this happen.  It will literally kill people.
zLiar.  No way you read the bill yet.
- Don't you want better and more affordable healthcare options for US citizens? Communication doesn't reflect people first!
Did you think it would be different? Republicans hate the American people. who they voted for.#ImpeachTrump #Trumprussia
people with weak immune systems and disabilities cannot go in once a month and be harmed by med cats at pain clinics
pain clinics or waste of money some now charging $1,500 for us I'm going to make this public and or Cesspool for germs
I have contacted you and made you aware of the dangers in the suffering that we have endured please see or doctor can write meds
Ron you now have a new health-care coming you can restore cut medications two seniors disable and mentally ill again
Resist and obstruct.
Fight! Fight! Fight! You have all our support. Incentives=more cost, less coverage. Keep the mandate.
Ron Wyden is an ass hat. He'll be one of the first to get drained out of the swamp.
PLEASE STAY ON RUSSIA...THATS WHAT WILL TAKE HIM DOWN
Please keep fighting, and thank you.
