The average American family will get $4,000 from tax cuts, Trump team claims http://wapo.st/2zcHsTh 
Now the White House Dept. of Alternative Facts is out with this hocus-pocus math. A con job on the middle class.
NO, not "wrong". A lie. Wrong on purpose, with intention to mislead.
Please don't start being kind.
You're one of the few I can count on.
Stop ur BS talking points. Corporation s DO NOT pay taxes.
Don't let them focus on "average"; re-focus on median.
Is this tax cut plan a done deal?   I know my taxes will go up quite a bit.  We are middle class.   What can I do now to help stop this????
No surprise there, actually expected that from this administration. Sad.
We could just charge taxes based on your percentile. 98th percentile for gross income? 98% taxes.
So, if I save $1000 in tax cuts and you save $0, we both save an average of $500! A win-win! Not.
Oh the guys that provide the most jobs AND pay the most taxes?! Duh.. #STFURonWyden
The only way to stop this madness is by voting the GOP out in 2018/2020. No 'protest votes'. Vote like your life depends on it. It does...
Not the only way...He is ill, I fear.
Tax break to the rich = Recession is coming!
There is Really no Surprise  There, Trump and the GOPareFor Trump& the rest of the Extremely Wealthy, WeThe99%AreTheir#DesignatedCasualties!
Please keep fighting, Ron. We’ve been down this trickle-down road before. Only the wealthy benefit. The rest of us get the shaft.
RU saying U are against regular people getting a tax cut if the wealthy also get a tax cut? #URAslimball
you are just as fake as wapo try selling your witches brew to the snake oil salesman
Isn’t it a real crime that those that pay the most should get anything.  Only those with hand out and paying nothing should get everything
Please release it.
Did you ever think anything different. More trinkle down, never worked then for the low and middle class, won't work now for them.
stop sitting in the corner sucking your thumbs and do the tax cuts so our economy can get growing again
I hope I get trickled down upon. 
Not too surprised! He needs impeached.
Well then why don't you show us the proof senator. Lets see the report.
Most cuts from health and safety net go straight to the rich 1%. We don't get our money back, and do ge INCREASE reduction in national debt!
#45 WANT'S2B OBAMA  is FLEEZING AMERICANS
Wheres the Treasury report they are hiding?  Oh, that's right, they're hiding and Ronny can't find it. What a joke.
You tell them senator!

Wrong! Not hiding. Effing LYING again. Biggest bunch of liars, bald faced liars. The whole administration inc @SpeakerRyan  & @SenateMajLdr
Ron... stop your nonsense
We be so in debt if this were true, I don't even want it to be true.
Important for Dems to unify & get the wordS out. I think Dems need a better point person. @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @PattyMurray
@RonWyden is a senior States person from my state and deserves respect for his service.I don't agree with everything he does,(Energy)either.
Thank you Ron Wyden...
Id like to see this report published.
Speak up Senator Wyden we need the Dems and professionals on TV all day long telling the truth until the idiot in the white house is in jail
Leak it
Yes! I knew it was fake news
Re:Velshi &Ruhle,the $4,000 is not direct taxpayer cut.Admin assumes corporations will give avg $4,000 to employees from corporate tax cut!
Everyone gets a tax break.  Something you don't want.  BTW, what are you hiding in New York?
How do we know what's fake and real....
Wild horse killer
You are wrong, Mr know it all Wyden.
Then congress,senate,house of reps need to bring those reports out. Stop ENABLING this madman and be WE THE PEOPLES VOICE as we HIRED u 2 do
Wrong. Lower taxes mean more jobs. Money overseas will come home and pension funds IRAs mutual funds will benefit middle class
Ron has been dumb down by CNN.
Ron you're so rich tax cuts don't even matter to you but they matter to the middle class and that's me
We want the tax cuts Ron. Vote yes to the tax cuts. It will be a great benefit to the middle class.
you are 100%correct.This tax reform is a nightmare. 2 bad plenty of ppl won't believe it because of the media's incessant lying about POTUS
Tell us how a politician who has been in office for decades amassed wealth more than $38 million on a government salary.
Trump doesn't understand what the word truth means
And $4k is nothing. A season of hockey eats that up in a second.
BS Ron!
@washingtonpost of course it's the wealthiest who benefit most. Isn't it always?
You just keep working against America Wyden . Where is your plan?
That would be Bipartisan Tax Fairness and Simplification Act.  Compare it to the Trump corp and 1% welfare plan.
.@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski $1.5TrillTaxCut incl. PeopleBenefitsCut 4 #CorporateTaxCut & #DeathTaxRepeal-Plz stand 4 us!
And isn’t that $500 per year for 8 years, not $4000 per year as some may assume.
I am not seeing you doing anything to reduce our taxes or government spending.What are you doing to help? Why are you talking and not doing?
post the report here please so we can retweet and they will have no place 2 hide it
Where is the treasury report?
great
You, wyden, are not correct about the tax reform. Trump is not hiding, the dems are hiding the truth
The largest recipient of corporate tax cuts WILL BE the American middle class (JOBS) bc US will be more competitive-companies will come back
Honestly, I'd pay $4000 to make sure the billionaires who have run our gov't for too long don't get the money they're after.
So, Senator @RonWyden, how much of a tax cut should the middle class get, and where is your proposal?
Please Senator, go on all the news programs and tell the people the truth. We need people like you to turn the lights on.
Dumbass look at the percentage not how much money
Please help us get a bipartisan election security commission.  I'm terrified of what I've seen 2/paperless machines we use in IN & reg hacks
Name one time Democrats got some financial prediction correct. Quoting the most @AltLeft pro-Soros #FakeNews rag does not bolster your claim
Senator, how is the WP's headline inconsistent with your statement? Both could be correct.
I suppose in your imaginary world poor ppl create jobs and hire other ppl.
Claims being the operative word here.
