Again I ask what else do you propose he do this was an event back to back to back and total devastation he's not God
U obviously are in the dark about the reality of what has gone on and what is going on. Ur theatrics make U look the fool, puppet. DNC BS!
Liar.  Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello said on Monday he is “very grateful” to President Donald Trump and praised the response.
https://www.facebook.com/POTUSDonaldTrump/posts/1993435047568980 …
Very fake news! Democracy dies with lies!!!
FEMA guy on PBSNewsHr yesterday said 4 Million meals, undelivered. 1 meal per person won't go far. Humanitarian crisis!
Stop politicizing Puerto Rico low life -especially with bold faced lies. Might have not been such a disaster if not bankrupt due to Dems ey?
Hmmm do some research - Trump owes around 33m back taxes to PR from the failed Trump golf course that his family was supposed to be managing
How are you helping? What can we do to help you?
Hahaha! Trumplestiltskins = idiots. 
Puerto Rican cancer patients need help! More must be done to provide support and care for these vulnerable patients.
If only there was a Trump Golf Resort on the island, he'd send aid. I don't think he knows Puerto Ricans are Americans. the USVI.
What is the Congress doing to help?? President has had food, gasoline, water landing every hour for 3 days!
Wake up America to the disgusting Lie's of CNN, NBC, ABC and disgusting Democrats that are trying to ruin our country and destroy!
Think about ball players taking a knee at games.  They are saying the Flag/Anthem are racial??  The Flag and Anthem are not ! Resp
Really Ron?

Something I don't understand, for decades we've been airdropping needed supplies: water, food, meds, to other countries in need, why not PR?
#FakeNews

NPR
http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/09/28/554297787/puerto-rico-relief-goods-sit-undistributed-at-ports …
The only good news about your comments is he doesn't have to deal with your Russian Ruse!
Is there something that prevents Congress from doing more also?  Or are you too busy playing politics?

There an independent government
@GOP @TheDemocrats #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow 
#TrumpHelpPuertoRicoNOW
Go to PR. Since when do you all need WH permission? And scuttle the Jones Act.  OR is proud of your leadership! Keep going @JeffMerkley
Thank you. Congress needs to immediately act on relief funding and President Trump must lead on marshaling the resources to help.
Ron Wyden is an Oregon politician, anything he says is a lie, everything he says is wrong, he is wrong, ruined Oregon with liberal bullshit!
Puppyboy, I am not sure you are listening carefully.  Wyden is a Dem, too bad, but I think he mostly follows his truth, like you.
Yes, I know he is a dem
Oregon used to be a working man State, logging, farming, fishing Etc. and then the libtards ruined it, wyden sucks!
Oregon is an awesome state.
It is Paradise 
the 45th parallel
The Goldilocks zone
Dems should have been speaking up before now! OK, not speaking up, shrieking up! So much to scream about.....
Good

Briefed @POTUS @realDonaldTrump in #SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership, quick response & commitment to our people  
Thank you, sir. You are a gentleman and a scholar, and  I salute you.
The Gov of PR says there's nothing he's asked for that @POTUS hasn't sent. He's very pleased with the Presidents response. @ricardorossello
He won't do more because they are brown
Why doesn't your sorry ass do more for the American people???  Your picture.... woof
WHAT A DISASTER @RonWyden !!! 
IS TRUMP JUST STUPID ???
Nothing from TRUMP is simple. You, as President of the United States has 2 actually care about the citizens. Wait, what care about people?
Maybe if ur colleagues in the Senate didn't just vote to approve $700b military spending, we could. Can't ever have enough tanks tho, right?
You go, and make a difference, got any skills? Other than 
They just got FAA up, the runway and only so many ships can fit in harbor to load and unload. Navy is ther 10,000 Feds. What did you want
Is there anything else you can possibly complain about this week about Potus? I'm sure you'll find something
But you are a senator...why can't you help them!?!?
You guys need to read more and listen to what is really happening instead of calling out the government. The Governor said they have supplie
No power = rotting food = closed stores
Maybe we can convince the NFL to take a 'bye' week and send all the players there to actually do something that matters...#PuertoRicoRelief
naa.
He can do more. He should do more. He MUST do more
Itsssssssssss.ssssssssssssimple Run ssssssssssssshut the hell up
Said the lisping, limp-wristed domestic enemy of the Constitution
A lowlife dem who cheered & championed all the damage Obama did to America
You don't even care what happens in Oregon
 im dead 
