Remember when Obama didn't help our black citizens? Black on black crime has never been higher. Remember when he golfed during LA floods.
I agree he didn't do enough to help Black Americans, he should have done so much more.  As for golfing during floods, sound like racist bs.
No it isn't racist bs because I'm not racist. I was so furious. He was at Martha Vineyard hobnobbing with the rich and famous playing golf.
During what flood what this?
Louisiana
Katrina?
Katrina happened in 2005 when Bush was president, another disastrous response.
And then there's the truth. #WydenLies
Briefed @POTUS @realDonaldTrump in #SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership, quick response & commitment to our people  
You and your party divide
Babies need clean drinking water, formula, diapers. Mosquito nets
psssst, maybe someone should tell him Puerto Ricans ARE americans.  then again they can't vote so why would he give a shit about them?
Any chance you and @SenateDems and @SenateGOP could get together and get him to send hospital ship / ships?
The USNS Comfort still docked at Pier 1 in Norfolk, VA. #PuertoRico seems to be largely on their own. 
You and your party are the masters of devision & hypocracy Senator; you are the one not helping with this kind of rhetoric!
Always critical. What would you do
Tweet negativity his strong suit
Evidently no one's researching what he's doing in Puerto Rico? I guess it's just best to tweet negativity.

In trying to politicize disaster in Puerto Rico, the left overlooks the obvious https://goo.gl/Tc4eDn  #tcot #PuertoRico #HurricaneMaria 
@realDonaldTrump is busy dividing the country on Football. Didn't think that was possible but when it comes to dividing,Trump is masterful.
He is Ronald. Your dividing americans by putting illegal immigrants first
Give him a chance you probably wanted Hillary Clinton to win
Can congress temporarily suspend the Jones Act so at least other countries can help even if Trump won't?
Thank you sen Wyden so spoke for us all yesterday  Americans deserve to have the best healthcare
My Words exactly!

He doesnt care Mr Wyden...
Thanks for acknowledging the Virgin Islands too, Senator.
Oh hell no. OBAMA divided us 8 years ago. But yes we need to do 100% for our Islands

Senator Wyden I must ask sir, what have YOU done for PR & USVI after Maria?
POTUS does not care about these Americans that have served our country since WWI! How many Trumps have served this country "0" none
WHAT ARE YOU DOING FOR IMMEDIATE SUPPORT for PUERTO RICO and THE VIRGIN ISLANDS?

Please start by waving the Jones Act so foreign ships carrying aid can dock!
Per Territorial Clause, Congress has primary responsibility. Pls remember that you have 3.4M nonvoting constituents in addition to OR
I'm an Oregonian in PR doing relief work. Thanks for posting this! Puerto Ricans are Americans - we must help them.
He's a racist and doesn't care about them.  If they were predominantly white, well, that would be different.
Does Trump consider Puerto Ricans American? Think not
Pot, meet kettle.
Can Congress compel him to act quicker?
He's apalling and getting worse by the day. 

How frightening that he's as nutty as Kim Jung Un.
You have no idea the Democrats screwed up the island. No idea.
You are a senator. Wave your magic wand and fix it.  PR brought this on themselves with their liberal policies and neglect of infrastructure
Oregon proud
The is a humanitarian crisis here too; it resides in US Senate.  You see us as votes to continue accumulating wealth as a "public servant".
President is not dividing the country. He simply made a statement in response to the despicable actions of leftist DEM athletes/NFL.
The island is not a state.
Trump is divisive for pointing out Democrats disrespecting the flag as they protest cops protecting themselves from being murdered. Ok.
Most likely Trump thinks they r not US citizens. But even then, as we r the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, something should be done by Trump.
PR has had a humanitarian crisis for most of the last decade. What did the Dems do to remedy this? They made it worse!
The Governer of PR says the admin has responded quickly so are you lying or is he? You are the divider.
Gracias Senador.
Why can't congress step in and bypass that faux president? Puerto Rico is dying. This is an EMERGENCY!
You're my senator. What are you going to do about it? Tweeting at Trump isn't going to accomplish anything. DO something.
Please help Mr Wyden ! They are all suffering and are Americans
Does someone need to tell Trump that Puerto Rico IS part of the USA?
What are you doing to get him out of office? Stop trying to work with this villian and start standing up for us. Be vocal abt his unfitness.
Start working with house Ds to get him out. Do something other than twitter call outs. He's done so much you can go after for. Do something
He can't.  He has no skills, no ideas...he simply has been following the agenda of others. (Putin)
RT. Make him answer. Get it trending. 

#whataboutPuertoRico ?
lol, you own your share of dividing! "People  Unite! People Resist!  Really listen to yourself!
He probably has no idea that #PuertoRico is American or that the US of USVA stands for United States.
Everything's about him so he probably thinks #USVA stands for

Ugly Selfish Violent Authoritarian

Puerto Rico = America
https://www.fema.gov/news-release/2017/09/24/federal-response-teams-assisting-puerto-rico-and-us-virgin-islands …

Maybe you could go to Puerto Rico, and help with the recovery, Senator.
And what are you doing about Puerto Rico?  You participate in divisive language.
Employ the able bodied and ask Donald to micromanage them under whips to construct the big wall .
He's getting his base all worked up for when he either fires Mueller, be impeached or charges filed against him. Civil war in his name. Sick
And @realDonaldTrump, quit inciting maniac dictators w/ nukes to declare war on us with your big fucking mouth! Tho it's likely too late.
I couldn't agree with you more. Please help those poor people in Puerto Rico.
Great we will send how much of the bill to you in Oregon???
Give those folks what is best for all of us . a very expensive scalping beyond repair .
You stop dividing the country.
United we Stand and Divided we Fall! 
Check it out.
You do realized that FEMA is already down in PR and the VI, right?
Military conducting multiple operations to help Hurricane Maria-struck Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands
Feeling lucky to have you as one of my Senators. Thank you, and keep up the great work! #WarIsNotGreen
Grow up Senator. There were a dozen articles like this one published 2 days ago.
   http://politi.co/2hr0AFP 
He doesn't seem to up on current affairs...
And this helps how?  Look in the mirror please... it all starts there.  #weneedleaders
#TrumpPutin Plan to sow discord. Not to divide USA in two, but cut it into slices like a pie, so it can't be re-united #TrumpRussiaCollusion
He could care less.  Not enough gold fixtures left there.
Trump helps those who can help him. PR has no electoral rep in congress so... he doesn't even bother to tweet about them.
HELP PUERTO RICO!!!
What is being done for USVI & PR?
Thank you.
Yes!!
If protesting the NFL players for kneeling for the anthem is dividing the US aren't the NFL players kneeling also dividing the US???
EDUCATE YOURSELF
Impeach for the one millionth time!! Kick his ass to the curb!
As always, deepest respect for you, our Oregon Senator! Tireless advocacy for our nation. Know we are behind you 
You KNOW this is why he did this.. to distract from the Russia Investigation and the mess in Puerto Rico. WE MUST FIRE HIM - 25th Amendment!
We could say the same to you. #getbacktowork
The Puerto Rican Arts Alliance in Chicago is collecting relief items for Puerto Rico & Mexico! @UnitedAirways donated a cargo plane!
Quit lying. Already declared it a disaster area and directed funding for it. YOU ARE DIVISIVE!
in regards to Puerto Rico, it is sinful he didn't have in place the same help that was set up ahead of Irma & Harvey. #PuertoRicoRelief

Thank you Senator Wyden for everything you did today during the hearing and for reminding us this fight is not over! #bipartisan #fixaca
The DNC is DIVIDING the country NOT TRUMP!
I think the President is right for standing for our flag!
He is too busy being a celebrity attacking other celebrities..
Don't let Dem's degrade your Reputation any further. Get UR Pride and Good Works not  be forgotten.  Think Oreg.
This would require 45 to understand that there are occupants on this planet other than himself. His diseased pathology doesn't allow this.
there is no one more divisive than the democrat party! wasting time whining instead of working with YOUR president!
@sendavidperdue follow this example for tips on how to be a better Senator and human being
Thank you, Senator; please keep pushing this.
A real president wood focus his administration to alleviate perilous risk & suffering in hurricaned territories
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
WYDEN for 2020! Commonsense and Humanity!
why can't Congress?
FEMA and the Red cross are already set up. The Hurricane relief system is already in place. Do your Job
#RecallRonWyden
Do we know the current location of the Comfort? I really need to know it has at least been deployed to PR or VI!! That's what it's for!
It's parked in Norfolk
We have Americans that are at the airport w kids who live in conus please send a military plane to pick  them up. Puerto Rico
Better get on your soap box to the Demacratic party.they are the ones destroying this nation
R U High?
He doesn't know they're Americans. Spanish speaking and brown are not his kind of people.
Sad! We know it's true. The only good news is that he will not be our president for long. But we need ER/disaster aid for PR now!
I've been a Democrat for 63 years on this silent majority I voted for President Trump in 16 & will again in 2020 he will be president for 8
You sssssssssssssssstop Ronnie.
He's too busy trying to distract America away from health care and the Russia investigation to care about Americans are suffering.
Yes!  the fact that it's taking the government so long to help them is a huge failure.  We need to help them now!
Liberals Dems have been obstructing and dividing this Country ever since Trump got elected... God and Country #MAGA Quit spreading Darkness
