I've been using birth control from the age of 13. Many women like myself need BC for medical reasons not just for safe sex. #disturbing#sad
My daughter is about to be 1 in December do you think she should be on birth control by 13?
Her point was that it regulates periods, if your daughter has very painful and irregular menstrual symptoms then doctor might prescribe it
That could be fixed with a dietary change.
My wife had problems until we became vegetarian and ovarian cysts could be caused by red meat.
Thank you for measuring up my intent we are describing hypothetical situation and if a diet change doesn’t help you then it mean you need…
extra care. I don’t think a pill should be your first option that so dramatically alters your natural hormone levels at such a developing…
age. Interrupting natural processes can lead to different types of cancer and problems in the future.
what a crazy novel idea. trust women 2 know what they want/need. even crazier would b if women were treated as intelligent adults. some1 should write a sci fi novel w/that premise. no1 wld blieve it
Exactly, and women are certainly intelligent enough and capable enough to buy their own birth control.
being able to afford birth control has nothing 2 do w/intelligence/capabilities. denying women coverage is about control & punishment. fyi- viagra covered under insurance.
Are you saying that women are not intelligent enough/ capable enough to pay for their birth control? Yes or no?
im saying not all women can afford birth control. can u read yes or no?
How much do you think it costs?
$15 - $50 a month. Plus the cost of Dr. visit.
Yearly well woman exam is FREE under insurance           Re: costs--
THis is why insurance shouldn't go through employers.  Put it into our hands, Single Payer.  The government is we the people.
Exactly!
On a State level regulated to tailor each States needs it’s a possibility.
At a federal level it doesn’t effectively help every State’s need
Then can’t states amend to make it fit?
Yes they can individually under federalism the State has the power to do so but because the focus has been national and not State people…
are confused about which representative they need to be protesting and yelling at. These are State issues and each one needs something a…
little different. If the groups and protest focused on a local level they could change the system faster.
You know who should not be paying for ladies that have a need for spreading their legs?  Me.  STOP YOURSELF.
The government or employers help pay insurance. That opens the door for all of you to tell us what we can do or not do about our health.
This policy will also almost certainly be a net financial loss for everyone involved. Let's stop doing dumb things on purpose.
Omg yes, this 
As long as republicans are in office it will only be one horrible law after another. Benefits only one group of ppl. It's so disheartening
As a young person I always knew i didn't identify with "conservative" politics but the last 2 yrs has shown me these ppl r very very corrupt
It’s all about their wallets.
Must millionaires are now Democrats.  Times have changed.  Please
Keep up
Bot
Exactly, bot.  If we can figure it out why can't twitter figure it out?
Russian sanctions were signed over two months ago. Donald Trump has still not implemented.

Can u please retweet
AMERICAN TAX DOLLARS SHOULD NEVER GO TO ABORTION! MURDERERS! REPENT!! WE ARE SUPPOSED TO BE A CULTURE OF LIFE NOT DEATH! #MAGA #PROLIFE
You have a point but you know who should decide on laws governing such? We the people. All of us
Good I agree. So let these women pay for there birth control and abortions. The women are in charge let them take full responsibility.
Makes no sense to deny health care to women, but nothing from the WH has for 10 months
Nothing to do with #Women's bodies has to do with #Americans other people's #birthcontrol You want to use it #WhoCares pay for it #yourself
How many babies would you kill. Which parts would you sell first for money and convenience
Hypocrite! Women can buy birth control if they want it. Dems want to take rights from women & let the socialist dems dictate what they need.
Screw the Trump government and its white nationalist supporters
And women only "take charge of their own bodies" when someone else pays for their birth control... makes sense bro
Brad Headley is fake news !
And a Russian bot!!
Trump wanted Marla Maoles to get an abortion, so I have heard! #BirthControl
It was a Howard stern interview
To men who are quiet on this issue, what's wrong with you? Have you no mothers, wives, daughters, sisters, granddaughters, nieces, etc?
5 daughters. Not America’s responsibility to pay for their BC when the time comes
It is unbelievable that Dump would single out women to suffer.  Is he planning on supporting all these unplanned children?!
Suffer?!  By asking that a handful of women pay a very modest sum for their own birth control/sex life.  That's suffering?
Maybe the sum is modest for you, for plenty it isn't. What's an IUD or hormone implant cost?
Mirena (IUD) currently at $1900. That's not modest in anyone's book.
The $1900 includes regular insertion. Given that mine needs to be inserted under full anesthesia, I don't even want to know the price tag.
But you want others to pay?
I AM PAYING FOR INSURANCE. THAT INSURANCE SHOULD COVER WOMEN'S HEALTH. Sorry. Got stuck in caps & I was too mad at your question to fix it.
It’s $9.72 for a month supply at Walmart Pharmacies, give up a couple of lattes a month
Come on Google has give you $77,600 dollars since 2014 and you never condone their actions.
Will you donate $77,600 to a women’s charity?
It is easy to say something when it doesn’t effect your pocketbook.
https://www.opensecrets.org/members-of-congress/contributors?cid=N00007724&cycle=2018&recs=100&type=I …
Ron Wyden your message is ludicrous women can be in control of their bodies by paying for birth control or not receiving it for free is LAME
Our health insurance premiums cover men's health care needs and should also cover women's, period.
At what price should the healthcare system provide necessities to the public whether it be man on woman where does it end better yet start
Great point. So what part of their healthcare are men willing to give up to make this fair and non-discriminatory?
If I know men and I do they would give up whatever it is necessary to be fair and balanced it's not about man or woman you fail to see that.
Since it's almost all men making these decisions, I don't believe you. I don't see a single aspect of men's healthcare being slashed.
Really your going to go there without argument about men when Hillary Clinton is been in office for 30 years and derailed how many womenLAME
Thank you.
Amen! Thankfully I was never in need of an abortion- I will stand by any woman who needs to terminate her pregnancy.
Imposing incredibly stringent gun laws on law abiding people only allows crazies and  thugs to operate with greater freedom.
Democrats, get your act together. Quit being nice. Put up a fight.
Exactly and nuns shouldn't have to pay for others birth control.
@realDonaldTrump takes away birth control but won't discuss gun control. #formerrepublican #dotarddonald
If employer knows I’m taking birth control my right to privacy is violated.  Where are my protections under the law?
It's funny how you try to make women feal so much better about themselves when making a decision to abort an innocent baby. That's shameful.
But he brags he can do anything he wants to a woman cause he is a celebrity.
He is very much correct, Obama should never have allowed this. Thank you
Mr President, sex is an elective
you are very right however the President is allowed to make changes to policies. Why should employers pay for it they didn't for me
Absolutely right
@HouseGOP @POTUS stay away from my lady parts
If I incorporate my uterus, will @GOP stop regulating it?
What is shameful is expecting other people to pay for your objectionable choices. Take some responsibility for that which ur in charge of...
Says the guy who took tons of cash from the insurance industry....
Women already have a right to abort, & kill babies. In most cases, that's shameful enough. I just don't want my tax money subsidizing it.
And a lot of us don't even take/use BC just to prevent pregnancy but also to mitigate/help with medical conditions. Like endo, POS, etc.
Keep your BS empathy for yourself. I don't need you or gvmt providing me with pills or your opinion on my decisions regarding procreation.
If women should be in charge of our bodies, shouldn't we be in charge of whether our bodies engage in unprotected sex?
I think Dennis Miller said it best, when he said "One C***, No Vote!".
And not a church!
No, it's shameful for govt to force people to betray their sincere religious beliefs. And unconstitutional as well.
This does let women be in charge of their bodies.  If they want birth control, they can pay for it without government intervention!
Authentic Frontier Gibberish
There is a GOP war on women and POC. I am so ashamed that this administration thinks its ok to pay for Viagra & pumps but not birth control.
Who should be in charge of the babies body? Not the mom. She wants to kill the baby. Im guessing the baby would decide to live
Not the church either.
They can be in charge just they shouldn't demand that others pay for their "in chargeness"
They are and in charge of paying the bill

How are they not?  Really how?  Specifically?  I’ll wait....
Thank you Mr Wyden
There are plenty of liberals with money especially after tax cuts than can start donating to women that can’t afford birth control
If you can’t afford it then you will be risking it everytime you have sex. Maybe you don’t have sex.
Haven’t read into it but if this is true women will be in charge and responsible for their own bodies. If you want birth control pay for it.
What is the problem with birth control? Obama didn't create it.
Heresy!!! #vaginasunite
You know who should pay for your birth control? YOU.
N not religious organizations
I've always thought that the 4th Amendment speaks to the issue of
people deciding for themselves what happens to their own bodies.
Your "colleagues" on the other side of sanity, -- er, the aisle -- do NOT care. Not one bit. Please call them out by name, not in general.
And they should be paying for the all their pills too
If it wasn't clear earlier, I completely agree with you. It's disturbing how fixated the Trump is on denying women access to health needs
Because god must have a sadistic plan for women who have acne and endometriosis. Seriously though, leave it to women and the professionals.
Thank you Ron
and certainly NOT politicians!
"In charge of women's bodies" theme is ludicrous in this context .... but the people who vote for you don't give a shit, so neither do you
Thank you, Ron Wyden. Keep fighting the good fight. Millions of us out here are behind you every step of the way.
Not a republican... who speaks for unborn woman's rights? I call this shameful pandering for votes.
Because not paying for something equates to prohibiting something, right?
If he goes after FEHB birth control benefits, please protect us!
@CHCmobile @USATODAY Definitely not Donald Trump or Pence the henchman
Absolutely!!!!!
Definitely not the pussy grabber! He's disgusting and a disgrace!
What century are we in?
It is their plan to control those on the margins so that Dolt 45 secures his 32% of haters

It is time to #GetWokeOrDie
So ur saying women don't have any control over thier bodies unless someone else pays for it??? WTF are u seriously that stupid???
Where the heck is the fake champion of women’s rights @IvankaTrump on this one?
NOT THE GOVERNMENT. YOU SAID IT PERFECTLY
What total loser thinks begging men to pay for a woman's birth control puts the woman in charge of her own body. So much pathetic fail.
3 places Men Don't Belong: The Ladies Room, Women's Gymnastics, & Abortion Legislation. Add to the list at will. More to follow I'm sure.
That is what animals of prey do,--attack in a round about way.
Absolutely
And this us goid for businesses, why?
Why are Rs not up in arms. Women remember and VOTE
But no one respects women more than him. He said so!
Not true liberati, you skewered the directive to fit you're narrative of BS. Shameful person, will block
Your right! But the tax payers should not pay for it it is the woman responsibility
He hates women.   Thanks,  ron

In one way or another trump is all over women's bodies.
ive always been in charge of my body! don’t let trump set us back decades!
I could scream this from the top of my lungs! Thank you.
Then they will next roll back maternity leave.  Just wait.
Ron nailed it. No nonsense Wyden says it like it is.
Amen!
@tedcruz @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan gross pigs!!! KARMA KARMA KARMA
So I guess either Ivanka’s power and influence in this administration are basically zero or she’s full of shit and for her women=customers
The sound you hear is women’s rights going down the toilet! 1950’s we’re Baaaack!
Misogyny 2017. When does men's health come under attack just curious or just headed for #handmaidstale ?
and not evangelical men
Aint bout womens bodies ron....its about killing babies.
Tell them to keep the legs closed
Pull out method is the best
Will Supreme Court overturn this unconstitutional attack on half the American public?
Also I'm still puzzled an employer has the power to decide or judge anything for that matter in the first place.
what's next? he gonna tell women what to wear too?
If men get to be in charge of women's bodies, women should be able to tell men nope sorry no little blue d!ck pills for you.
Amen
It's ok. How many women's votes did the GOP just lose? Let them hang themselves. We will fix this after next November.
@TrumperTrolling @USATODAY Especially not Donald Trump!
But at least they covered viagra. Wait, that's also your point....


Absolutely agree, what they do with their $ is theirs to decide, but don’t use my $!
So no abortions but yet take away a means to not get pregnant. Smart, real smart. (heavy sarcasm there). Trump & GOP just want to control us
White women voted for him
Very soon it will all come out. Donald Trump side chics will now be visibly pregnant forced to face reality.
Birth Control is not part of a woman's body. It's a chemical.
Actual control would be "self control" which democrats don't know about
Never in my life did I think I would see such a disgusting vile person #45 holding the office of POTUS.
Think “hard” about this men who want to control women’s reproductive organs. #HandsOffMyBirthControl
Especially donny, he things women are toys to finger,gramb , and jam you genitals in.
Like I should be Charge of my own health insurance you fraud.  You best help to protect individual liberty is to resign
Is this 2017 or 1917? We passed women's rights along time ago. Women control their own bodies. Not old men, not government.
Thank you Senator Wyden. I’m so glad you are my senator! We women will NOT stand for this!
so then don't make pay for their damn birth control. Close you legs to married men.  "Nene Lekes"
NOT. MEN.
STOP THE CRAP AND PULL UP YOUR PANTS OR SKIRTS. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO PAY FOR YOUR DAMN BIRTH CONTROL FACT.
Nor should others have to pay for their decisions.
I love when you lose
If the government cared about people's bodies, then they would need to take 99% of the groceries out of stores.
And not REPUBLICANS, not evangelicals or Xtians of any stripe, only a woman herself.
Not being a politician...I said “What a F’n dick!”
Next thing you know, women will have to tell their employers what they spend their paychecks on, provide receipts, and have to give blood
for testing for evidence of birth control use. Ugh. Ridiculous.
such a novel concept.
#45 policy decisions are coming from extremists in the evangelical wealthy #ChristianConservatives. American women have rights!#WomensMarch
They should be PROSECUTED FOR MURDER.
Yes. Yes. Yes. YES

But women should pay for it
Guess the hugest march on DC of women didnt sink in to their pea brains. Redo?
Definitely not trump!
Will you be my senator?
Women should ban together and tell these Dotardians to go fuck themselves
Not, Pence,Ryan or McConnell. Not religious leaders
Republicans really do hate women, don't they.  Will they continue to have Viagra covered?
Your right women should have the courage to abstain from unsafe sex the government should stay the hell out of the way of them doing that

Tell the religious zealots that without birth control those who are trying to live responsibly will be forced to watch porn and masturbate!
Maybe if we put guns up our vaginas, we can get 2A under control
When the Dems are back in 2020, theyre gonna have alot of work to do to make America America again #MAAA
Has anyone seen @HandmaidsTaleTV ? It's beginning to look like we are headed that direction.
Trump is not trying to be in control of the womans body you nuts.  God is the only one that is in charge of the human body.
Also not the past administration!
Thank you, Senator Wyden!
Can we just impeach Trump and reverse all the bitter, shameful, treachery that he has done
Thank you sir!
How is this not a conflict of interest for the president?
Yes, especially women who poison their own children with drugs, Gmo food, and other poisons. All so they can make a profit. Try again.
Especially not Trump.
Shameful people ought to be in charge of there own lives not government
You know what else employers should not be in charge of? - Providing health insurance.
What can you expect from a sexual predator
News flash for liberals: If you need birth control & cant afford it your county health dept offers it free of charge...please stop whining
Know what's really empowering?

Buying what you need with money you've earned and not expecting a handout.
Have You No SHAME Obama & Wyden?  Forcing the Chaste Little Sisters of Poor against their Beliefs to squander their Scare Resouces for Birth Control!
Thank you
The government is not banning birth control.
Huh. Guess Mrs Clinton might have been a better choice
Definitely NOT Trump - ugh.
What's shame ful . THe murder of 70 million babies through abortion.
Babies can't be aborted, babies have been birthed.
