This kind of disclosure could harm national security by jeopardizing important sources of information needed to disrupt terrorist attacks.
Is it possible you will get over losing the pres election anytime soon? I didn't vote for Trump either, but maybe try being productive...
can we #ImpeachTrump yet?
So allowing the Russians to select the President of the USA is not working so well. Hummm, big surprise!
It's way past the time to consider removing him from office. This is unacceptable. @realDonaldTrump
OH, PLEASE!  GET OFF YOUR BUTTS AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS.  NOW.  BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.  NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW!
Oh it's true
Wish Wyden had the "gravest possible concerns" for issues in Oregon shich is paying for his services and getting nothing in return
Hey Ron I know. Another investigation that will go nowhere.  Hold none responsible, have no consequences. He's an elite. Above the law.
We have a heedless Blabbermouth for a president.
Did you forget      selectively President wasn't even BRIEFED????? SEE GEN. MAD DOG. FROM A GOOD OREGONIAN !
This has become a blood sport for the left to scream about everything the Zpresident does including having 2 scoops of ice cream.
It's for rulers like Wyden, that this native is leaving the People's Republic of Oregon. Let it go down in flames under communist rule.
National humiliation as our allies fear sharing Intel! We cannot have someone in our WH who is a pathological liar w/ 0 credibility #IMPEACH
Thank you for being there and supporting our country and our constitution!  I don't care what party, this behavior is not acceptable.
--  NOTICE - Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Investigation
Shut down the Senate until an independent special prosecutor is appointed. Trump is an existential threat to the country and the globe.

You mean like Obama and Hillary did?? Where were you then Ron??? Where?????
Big problem. Congress needs to deal with him.  Now
Get rid of him already!
Bring him down Ron! The path is being paved by people like you. Thank you for your diligence and perseverance!
Impeach him
SAY IMPEACHMENT FOR CHRISSAKE RON!!!!!!! WE are beyond the point of word salads. Say he needs to goddamn be impeached!!!!!
Wonder what it's going to take for GOP to finally say "ENOUGH!"  With exception of 1 (Walden), we have great representation from OR. Thanks
Sadly it's not true according to reports, another tell tale sign it wasn't true....the media ran with it...#yellowjournalism
#ImpeachTrump
Every week seems to be another "gravest" concern.   #impeach!
I always throught it was the job of the President to meet with foreign government officials. Wait IT IS, wonderful to solve this problem.
Wait this is another Russia narrative like the Trump/Russia collusion stuff that you have no evidence for.
As grave as thousands of classified documents including SCI & SAP being sent to a unsecured email server & thur gmail. Oh that was Clinton.
It's #FakeNews. It's bullshit like this is why  democrats keep losing. You have no credibility.
Now we know why he kicked out American journalists from this meeting. NOT even Fox!! Why do the GOP n DNC ignore TREASON?
Yes they are. What are you going to do about it?
Democrats must stand together & obstruct all senate business until a special prosecutor is selected and/or 25th amendment is invoked!  OR
Congress needs to call emergency meeting and get to the bottom of this now.
We have to get him out of office! Enough is enough
I know you would love for it to be true but I do not for 1 minute believe it. You guys need to support the dully elected President
I'm sure they are true. How much more does he have to do? #ImpeachTrumpPence
Keep pushing these issues, Sen Wyden! Why don't more people care about this???
He must be removed TODAY.  Handcuffs would be great.  He is compromising our safety.
Just called your Eugene office to describe my concern over this.
Some one helping Jon Osloff in Georgia!
That means the GOP will ignore it, DT will call it fake news, and Spicey will hide in the bushes again. The coup is now complete.
Pretty sure they're true!
#ITMFA
Donald Trump must be managed. He has No Impulse Control and in the moment will reveal methods, and whatever info he has. NIC = Dementia.
@GregJaffe the @HouseFloor &  @SenateFloor need to act & appoint an #IndependentCommission immediately. What are you waiting for?
1.Was he alone in the Oval office w/these two and a Russian photographer and 2.Has anyone since inspected Oval office for listening devices?
Thank you.
I feel like I live in a fantasy with this president. More need for an independent investigation of the Russia link.
He has a frightening need to brag.  You'd think managing to become President would be enough.
Rhetoric.  What will you do about it??? #AMJoy
And when is  Congress going to do something about this?
Ron!!! It's true!!! My god, what will it take?!!!!
If Trump is not impeached, he and the selfish republicans will destroy our beautiful democracy.
Blast from the past
He's not only a danger to us but the rest of the world, not to mention he's alienated the world Intel agencies.
Could you kindly have a little with @RepPeterDeFazio  and suggest that impeachment may be in order?!
Add @RepBonamici . Let Oregon lead the way #ImpeachTrump
when is this going to end?  When is the GOP going to say enough is enough?  By standing by and doing nothing, they are just as guilty as him
Unnamed sources by paper that's proven it's more eager to report negative things re president than be reliable.
Given @realDonaldTrump's failure to understand intel he is one of the most dangerous threats to US national security
So far He's the only honest person left in DC ! Pres. Not Briefed !  From a Good Oreg.
Please help our poor intelligence community, they can not do this alone!
#impeach
Who you got tonight in #WizCeltics ?
IMPEACH & CONVICT

