Follow da money #45Committee #darkmoney 
When trump falls GOP go with him #filibuster 
GOP are guilty of filibuster #MerrickGarland GOP SCAM
Hahahahaha...!  Hillary spent $1.2 billion in losing...!
and how much did DARK MONEY spend along with Putin to get your guy trump elected and he still lost the popular vote
Trump won the popular vote 31-19.
And it's disgraceful that you and the other Dem senators have played politics with a well qualified man, just because he was selected by DJT
If he was selected by O he would have been an activist, not originalist.  No more of those.
Your party smashed that practice already.  You reap what you sow.
You can take your tweet to bed with you this weekend.  Maybe it will make you feel better.
People know Democrats forced this action because you are acting anti Anything. Just like little 6 year olds, grow up earn ur pay!
Go thank Biden and Harry Reid when this is over.
You didn't have a problem when @HarryReid changed the rules. Crickets...
#stopbitchingandgettowork #DoYourJob #portland
Where in the U.S. Constitution is that found? I did not know that McConnell was a founding father.
Yikes! Ur lack of self-awareness/history is hilarious. You lefty loons can't help but insult "The People". We remember tho.
It did. Then you fully supported changing it. You only point out your own hypocrisy. @RonWyden
Don't play the victim to the circumstances you created..
You helped start this ball rolling with Reid. Own it buddy. Long live the Reid Option, right?

@SenMajLeader these are your words Mitch, don't backpedal and lie about...again
2018 will be the reckoning. We all need to fight! Donate! Resist!
Don't worry...as soon as he sees he's losing the majority, he'll put the rule back in place.
we tried to warn you jackasses and Harry Reid
Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done. Love, Harry
Then get busy and make friends with Republicans who are just as disgusted as the majority of REAL Americans & Media. We judge by actions!!!
Mr. Wyden The fellow you support does not believe in due process
# hypocrite #sadDay #darkanddirtymoney
Dems cheated Reps out of Justice Bork.
Reps cheated Dems out of Justice Garland.
Seems to me as if the parties are even now, or soon will be
Same shit different day...
@POTUS & @GOP motto:
"Do as I say not as I do."
BIGLY dysfunctional Administration!
@TheDemocrats @CNNPolitics
Not anymore.  Harry Reid = Mushroom Cloud
Suck eggs.
LOLOL.  Too bad their are only a handful of consistent members of Congress.
Put it right beside Shumers bonehead statements going to leave this right here besides your statement
Obviously he thinks he's the law of the land. Such ego. He and Ryan are cancers, who need to go.
@jamieLcowan Unless you're the GOP, and it does not align with the totally partisan agenda.
You and the rest of the @SenateDems disagreed, completely.
What's the problem?
You changed his mind, good for you.
Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Those self inflicted wounds sure do encourage democrats delusions... Admit the nuclear option is your own fault and confirm Gorsuch.
You should have thought of that when you used the nuclear option a few years ago. You guys never think ahead!
@ImSeaSix  hey it's TPPRon trying to show us he can thwart corporate will.  #toolate
See your Flashback & raise you a FB: Sen @TimKaine: #SenDems will use '#NuclearOption' if GOP blocks SCOTUS nominee
Let's leave the Harry Reid rule right here...
Yeah, your buddy Reid changed that rule.
First of, not. Introversion.  But, if it was, just look at Reid's tenure.  You can't have your cake and eat it, too. #SCOTUS
This is so awesome!!!
It only takes you and brown to restore medication cuts that are harming seniors disabled and mentally you put in as much time for us
Your quote “I supported what was done, I think it was in the public interest then. I think it is still in the public interest.”
“I supported what was done,” Wyden,Oregon Democrat“I  think it was in the public interest then.I think it is still in the  public interest.”
Perhaps you haven't heard of Harry Reid, son: https://twitter.com/SenatorReid/status/403615847190921216 … #caring
Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
You had no problem with .@SenatorReid invoking nuclear option in '13...now you suddenly want to go back when you've lost both houses and WH?
You think Mitch gives a crap what you tweet 
his Royal Highness McConnell may need a reminder that he is human just like us. #DCisBroken #60votes
And who decides what are controversial matters, you? Get real you partisan hack. Just stay in New York.
does this odious man remember what he says? or is he making it up as he goes along?
I just want to say I've watched you up your game more in two months than in the 25+ years I've watched. And never been prouder. Many thanks!
You forgot many others. Probably because you are a partisan political hack
Remind me what Mr Reid and company did in response to Mr McConnells pleas.  PLEASE remind all your followers the Dem response.
Let's keep it that way!
Three words for you, buddy... Senator Harry Reid
Go back to California. You're not wanted here.
This Justice isn't controversial
Good thing there's absolutely nothing controversial at all about Gorsuch.  The same can't be said for Democrat behavior over his nomination.
Stop obstructing and do your job. #TermLimits Senators are USELESS
Prepare to be steamrolled.
Not any more!  Harry Reid says "hi!"
There isn't anything controversial about Juctice, because it is being handled controversial by Democrats means blah
<< things change
You seem to be forgetting Reid's immortal words from 2013 "no, of course not".
Send thanks to your buddy Harry Reid.
During a Democrat presidency
July 2007 was Bush...but maybe McConnell feared things would change?
Well that's worse He absolutely doesn't get to change rules. I didn't catch that ty
You can thank your buddy Harry Reid.
pointing out the obvious, you supported Reid nuking that rule just 6 years later...too bad so sad, dem da rules now
@SenateMajLdr Mitch, any comment? Do u ever mean anything u say, or all lies, like your fearful leader? No nuclear, or @GOP suicide 2018!
@BryanDawsonUSA Only when it counts for republicans
Indeed:
Reminder: #OrrinHatch dared #Obama to nominate a "fine man" named #MerrickGarland. Republicans are hypocrites.

…
#WeThePeople #NotMyPresident #KarmaBitesBitch @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @WaysandMeansGOP #CROOKEDGOP #CROOKEDtrump #ImWithHer @SenateMajLdr LIAR
I agree that it should take 60 votes in the Senate to confirm a Supreme Court nominee.
But then Dems changed the rules!!  LOL......... Now it's GOP's turn to cash in on your rule change!!  LMAO
ONCE AGAIN, DEMS PROVE THEY HAVE SHORT MEMORIES-DOES  NAME "HARRY REID" SOUND FAMILIAR---BIDEN/SCHUMER SAYING NO SC NOMINEE AT END OF TERM?
I laugh knowing the very thing you intended to use against the Republicans gets used against you!!! All you get from me is my middle finger
RON go ask Elizabeth Warren about her statements in 2012.  Stop being a putz

You all obviously disagree with that, which is why you invoked the nuclear option in 2013. #Hypocrites
Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan Need to Stand Up to PUTIN Puppet. . The Koch Screen Isn't Working With TRUMP. .  DO SOMETHING REPUBLICANS
"The Koch Screen," Linda?
I think you're using Talking Points from aprox. 5 years ago!
Sadly everythings a "controversial" matter now...
Like obamacare?  Oh wait
If Republicans leave the filibuster, we will go four more years with an 8 justice court.
If Clinton had won, Repubs were also planning on leaving the 9th seat vacant.
They were wrong with what they did to Garland and would have been wrong if they didn't allow a vote had Hillary won.
Mich only sees conflict and wants fairness when it's his party on the receiving end, he does not care for democracy.
Supreme Court Justice Gorsuch should write a "Thank you" letter to the Senate Dems of 2003 including you. #termlimits

I laugh knowing the very thing they intended to use against the Republicans gets used against them!!! They dish it out but can't take it
you can't bring things @SenMajLeader has said in the past to haunt him only @SenMajLeader can do that. What's that called again?
Thank you, I will pass this on.
It used to. The fighting between the Democrats & GOP is going to screw the idea of bipartisanship for the foreseeable future. Very sad.
Where in the Oregon Revised Statutes does it say you as a US senator can raise your family in NY but claim Oregon residency for yourself?
Really?  When people serve in any capacity (congress, military etc) they should take family with. Don't think it's a hard concept
So the US Capitol is in NY?  Our Capitol is DC, Wyden's capital is NYC! wife's family owns Strand's Bookstore in NYC. See the difference?
Very nice article in our local paper here Sen Wyden. It was about how good and safe our Oregon schools are. OES, Catlin Gable both top rated
Again, think about the logistic of his family living full time in Oregon when he works in DC. 2800 miles away. Please think this out
This is exactly why the public hates congress. One party being shitty is not an excuse to be shitty yourselves.
Thank you @RonWyden & @SenJeffMerkley for standing up for what is right. You make the great state of Oregon proud. :)
Mitch McConnell is like, "New matter, who dis?"
Thank you for being my senator!
Nora, do you think Sen Wyden doesn't think Oregon schools are good enough for his own kids or not safe enough-Why's he raise his kids in NY?
Not
You should leave it on McConnell's desk.
True but can't change horse (rules) in middle stream
