Will out today.  Calm down!  Dylan sang "How Does It Feel?"  Feel Pelosied? How can you be against something you've never read.
@aecdemblue Nor one woman involved in the drafting.
You're right. Let's hope they don't just sign it and read it later.
@SenateDems message OF RESIST AND HATE ALONG with leadership of Polousy & Schumer IS UR FAILURE & PATHETIC stop obstructing
how do you know-you have not seen it yet!
Keep it up sir. This strategy is working out great for America.
And how do you think denying healthcare to children and the elderly will shake out for America?
Who's denied healthcare in America ?  There's docs/clinics/hospitals on every corner. I don't know anyone who's "denied healthcare"
The people who visit these clinics and hospitals without insurance drive healthcare costs up for you and your family. Do you support that?
I didn't say anything about not paying. I was simply refuting the statement about "denying healthcare". Healthcare is available for all.
Then what do you propose to do about people who need healthcare but can't afford it?
No debate because you, the Dems, took yourselves out of it from the beginning. you left it all up to them willfully, but now you whine?
Just pass it please so we will know what is in it. Sound familiar Ronnie? ?????????
Killing children isn't health care Ron!  Why is Planned Parenthood even necessary with ACA?  Aren't Women suppose to have health insurance?
why does gov promote single women to have kids after kids by differnt baby dads ? eic tax credit / welfare payment does just that
Good
Its an corporate republican.....Health care is humsn right
Lying like this is why u people keep losing. Don't u get tired of losing?  Change ur message.  People wise to the lies. We have computers.
Reading is the key to knowledge
Insurance lobbyists meet GOP staff on ObamaCare repeal
You tell'm Senator!!! This GOP CRAP HAS TO STOP!
@SenateDems more fear mongering to scare theirbbase of buffoons
The fact that no women are on the committee drafting the GOP bill is a bald statement of misogyny. This is a human rights issue! #EvilGOP
What's the threat Ron?
It's hard to have a plan to fix this when u can't debate or read it. Thanks for representing women.
@gop #PassTheBill
