My parents fled Nazi Germany. There's no "many siding" this Mr. President.
Please work with Oregon representatives to submit articles of impeachment.
Impeachment is the solution.
They don't want to hear the truth. Waste of time.
If it was that bad you would not need to tell people trump gives comfort to white supremacists you would just quote him
you must be one of the supremacist he gave comfort too.
You still can't come up with what he said that was racist you just keep blabbing tell me what he said that's all you have to do
After #HeatherHeyer was killed Trumbo publicly said some Nazi are good people Only another racist idiot would think a nazi is a good person
You drank the kool-aid.
You're a LIAR RON WYDEN & A HATE MONGER. President IS NOT A RACIST & you know it. #RonWydenIsRacist Ron Wyden is a Racist! Have a recording.
Pres really gave you guys and media that  scream'n memmies  soofunny
Oh stop propagandist. You're subpar attempt at manipulation is too obvious & oh so weak. What we don't need is you!
I feel so helpless. How do we get  this horrible man out of office?
Stay together.
Very Frightening times we r enduring! 45 just gave the White Supremacist a Green Light

RESIST
Do u know who you're siding with when you say #RESIST? The Workers World Party - do u know what they stand for? If not u should research it
Here's a hint: They call each other "Comrade" They want u to #RESIST this Pres. so they can achieve their socialist/communist goals. #tcot
Stop being strong armed by these socialist ideas and put every government contract to a vote
Right now they have unions and don't produce anything it's just there to siphon more and more taxpayers dollars every year#scamalert
When? Where? Can you be more specific?  Oh, you're a Democrat, never mind.
on national tv a few minutes ago at a press conference and i'm a Rep and he was repulsive. don't blame it on "party" trump is unhinged
Trump is a nut,no doubt. He's not racist.
he's got Bannon,Miller,Gorka in the WH he is surrounded by White supremacists. They are using supremacist hand signs in TV press conferences

very dumb
Remind the world of this every time you get time on the floor. "First, Mr. President, I'd like to say that President Trump defends racists."
Did he? Can you tell me what words he specifically used when defending racists? Please be specific. I want to make sure I get it right.
"Not all of those people were white supremacists, by any stretch." He said this of people who shouted "Jews will not replace us." Q.E.D.
Trump was referring to those who were there NOT shouting Jews will not replace us. Those who weren't with any hate groups.
You give comfort to the violent Antifa groups who seak to shut down the 1st A. Refer the the street violence during the Weimar Republic.
These white supremacists should have been shut down when they first reared they ugly head during Obama's first campaign. Are you a Nazi?
The violent Communist created fear in Germany & gave rise to the Nazi Party. Violence from ANY group must not be tolerated in our Republic.
#25thAmendment
Please impeach. He is entirely unfit to serve.
Give us his own words tell me how comforted them tell me you are a liar
Also if you're not white, straight, male, with money... there is no reason to be voting trump or not voting when you can.
Ur an idot
He's denounced every hate group on the planet just because he didn't denounce every hate group on the planet in the single speech. Geez
You must be. Out of your mind if that's what you got from his speech.
If you don't think the antifa/radical leftists are just as guilty in violence, you are unfit for public office. We've been watching it
You are a liar and I hope you get voted out. PS You look like a mole
Long live President  Trump! I
Unlike you I listened to what he said, and he gave no such comfort. What's horrifying here is you, and your own words, Your disgraceful!
trump is HORRIFYING & if something isn’t done soon USA is going to become a LOT MORE HORRIFYING, WHAT ARE THE REPS. WAITING FOR! IMPEACH HIM
Yes, it is! #impeach #25thAmendment
Help with HUD FOR BETTER HOUSING please they give less an less each yr. And there buildings are falling apart.  :-(
You are so wrong
it's horrifying to me that YOU are still in office. something I hope changes in near future!
Hey Wyden how about all the hate crap preached by left wing anti trump group's?Do us a favor shut up about Trump you liberals are the issue.
"Horrifying", to quote Shrillary about the kind of person who wouldn't accept an election loss? Agreed, #AINO
Off prompter and in his own words, the president gives comfort to white supremacists and neo-Nazis. Absolutely horrifying.
More meaningful from a senator who wasn't trying to push an unconstitutional anti-BDS bill.  Some are more equal than others or aren't they?

But not surprising.
Breach of the oath of office.
The Constitution
codifies
the
moral imperative…
Lying political hack Ronny knows. Supports murder of unborn children...but no one cares about that? (In Oregon)
#ImpeachTrumpNow #FireBannon
Hey Donald Arizona doesn't want you there.
lol lol lol lol your funny lol lol lol lol
Ronny you need sued for your lies!!! Your no better then Maxine waters. A race baiter!!
that is a down right lie.
Thank you for speaking up Senator.
"Off prompter and off his medications?" Probably. But still no excuse.

We are in the beginning of Labor pains of a civil war.  been saying this since Jan 2016! read my free short book @ http://www.navajohozho.wordpress.com 
Wake up. See reality.
Do what you can do by giving comfort to all Americans w/single-payer/public option, divesting in endless war & supporting a living wage.
No more words.  Remove him.  This week.
You can include every member of the GOP in this statement.
Need to get your hearing checked..he said some at the event on both sides are good concerned  people..the other two groups came for a battle
Nazi Traitor, pedophile, rapist and a murderer. The reports are all going to show it!
Here's how Trump should've treated the American Nazis.
Question: Can @realDonaldTrump be held complicit in the death of @HeatherHyer - Just askin' #ImpeachTrumpNow
He actually used the word "us" when defending the white supremacists. #racistTrump #KKKTrump

yea....and later TRUMP LIED from the potus podium to the world about this grieving mother  she DID NOT WRITE HIM A LETTER.....SHAME...
Fake & Foolish you are!
Its fucking treason.
He did not. I watched. Y lie. O like the rest of old government
As is your support for anti BDS\FREE SPEECH legislation. Disgraceful.
Do you denounce antifa of not than you are in agreement with them
Proof please
if thats what you saw, take off your rosie colored glasses
And he had his hair dyed to really look the party of Nazi sympathiser.
#ImpeachOrResign
Can you start the censure process?
I didn't hear you calling for impeachment either
No he didn't douchebag. Still haven't had a lib answer this: what did the president say that was factually incorrect?
His supporters scare me more. They feel empowered by this bully.
I must have seen a different press conference...however, it was too late!
No he did not do this. It is literally as if Dems have hearing loss and only hear every tenth word.
Monday was a hostage statement. He should have held up a little sign with "help me" scrawled on it.
Horrifying? Yes. Surprising? ...

Yes. We all agree. Now please do something about it.
There is no "both Sides."  This isn't a married couple in therapy.  These are Nazis.
Since you spent a fair bit of your career working with him, I'm curious as to your opinion of this man:
THE GOP REPUBLICANS PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY TO ERADICATE THEIR PARTY OF THESE NAZI'S KLANSPEOPLE WHITE SUPREMIST NOW & NEVER LET BACK IN
Is there anything we can do to get him out of office? We can't tolerate a President who makes excuses for the Neo Nazis & white supremacist
The President spoke the truth.
Most of us hate the NAZIS and KKK.  It is up to YOU the lae makers to make these groups illegal.  Outlae them
The GOP & Republican's have only 2 choices They Stand w/nazi's kkk white supremist or They Stand Against them. Choose one! No Middle! PERIOD
You are horrifying!!

@HillaryClinton warned Y'all.
@SpeakerRyan & GOP need 2 grow a pair & invoke #25Amendment. @realDonaldTrump has 2 B stopped NOW B4 he ruins U.S. #ImpeachOrResign #impeach
@realDonaldTrump is unfit 2 B Pres. Congress needs 2 invoke #25Amendment. No room 4 hate, bigotry & anti-senitism. #ImpeachOrResign
Ron Wyden is nothing more than a commie shill out there in Oregon.
He condemned them! Stop spreading your hateful lies! Antifa and BLM are terrorists and YOU are supporting THEM!
@MikeRaicht blah, blah, blah. Stop your divisive stupidity Ron
You suck!  Try growing up in the South and being discriminated against by your own government and everyone else. Tired of taxes for others.
Trump is such a delusional old hypocrite
Trump needs to keep this guide handy. Either that or a heart and a brain. But that might be asking too much at this point.

Please impeach
Why do you promote anger and hatred. Why do you try to pit one American against another. Why do try to stir up trouble
We have to fight this creeping cancer on our country.
Senator, it is time to #IMPEACH. 

Enough is enough. 

He will keep doing this. 

Repeat: HE WILL KEEP DOING THIS.

It's horrible! How dare a President support the Constitutional rights of people with whom we disagree? It's atrocious!! You fascists
Yes, everything he does is shocking. What are you doing about it? Please get this monster out. #NoRoomForHateInTheWhiteHouse
You are a bigot! Nothing POTUS said could be described that way with any honesty.  Please stop making a fool of yourself!
Is there any proof of this? If so where can we get ahold of it?
HE IS A PIG! TRAITOR!
“Knock the crap out of them! I’ll pay the legal fees! They’ll leave here in stretchers”. - Trump 2016

Say you manage to impeach, who you putting in there??? Another greedy politician? . You wanted change didn't you?
This is something we have never seen or experienced in our lifetime. Words aren't enough, but he must be removed. Why doesn't Congress act?
It's dt in true form ppl knew & yet they still voted for this embarrassing person
Please organize to help expedite T's removal.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @XNSNews @Stephenboyce WE LOVE PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THE STATUE OF ROBERT E LEE!!!
what are you going to do about it?
You weren't even there !!! Why are you lieing to the public ???? #loser
#ImpeachTrump
come on Ron. It's amazing the way you think. We must have learned english in two different universes.
'Proving' to himself & us that he is right is more important to him than expressing what is right and/or true.
This time it's a little different, BLACKS ALSO HAVE THE RIGHT TO BEAR ARMS!
Won't work sir. Calling you out as fake news. Twisted Twister is your new name. No comfort for any protestors.
If you don't disavow @POTUS by name and urge his removal from office, your faux outrage is insincere. Grow a spine
we need all of you to get him out
WHY ARE YOU SO HORRIFIED ARE YOU AFRAID?
DO SOMETHING Senator!  You must be able to influence three GOP Senators with scruples. He has to be stopped.
Your buddy was a Nazi
You need to get your hearing & vision checked. There were two hateful sides in Charlottesville & Trump was 100% correct in blaming BOTH!
Yes it is but I saw it coming cause he has one in tbe white house by his side GOD WILL STRUCK THEM ALL DOWN WITH A MIGHTY AND POWERFUL BLOW
This is a lie!
How about this? WV, VA, PA all ring Washington DC. What if it's true? Are they planning to take D.C.?
If only you were in a position of power.
Shame on you for lying to Americans and creating division. As an elected official, people deserve better. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Ever notice?
Unfortunately, not only horrifying, but revealing his real self. As suspected, so no surprises here. #LyingKing
I'm so sorry . I can't even imagine the sorrow he's feeling. Fuck Donald tRump.
#impeachTrump
@yeahokguy824 I guess Trumpw  thought this life was better then just chillin
Does 45 still suprise you?

Please just try to get some action on this in Congress. Words don't mean shit. Actions matter! #ImpeachTrump  #25thAmendmentNow
He. Must. Go. Now.
Please get on with the business of impeaching him. He is horrifyingly uneducated & clearly has NO IDEA what he is doing. 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
He says what's on his mind!
There is no bigger political open goal than condemning Nazis - he can't even get that right
http://alfonzorachel.com/3345/removing-jefferson-davis-democrats-deleting-their-history …
#UNFIT #IMPEACHTRUMP #IMPEACHTRUMP #IMPEACHTRUMP #IMPEACHTRUMP #IMPEACHTRUMP #IMPEACHTRUMP #IMPEACHTRUMP #IMPEACHTRUMPNOW
General Kelly looked mortified!
Then call for impeachment #ImpeachTrump
Disgusting!
Apparently you didn't listen to his speech.
He declared war on our country. He will lose
Soooo.... you are calling Trump a fellow leftist? Weird.
r we surprised?
#impeach45
This warrants censure.  How about it Senator?

When Antifa violently attacks the Google & Boston free speech rallies this Saturday, will the media report on it?
my great grandparents escaped nazi germany too. Thats why i know all the signs. and i see them here.
Americans all over this country, and democracies all over the world, have been shaken by @POTUS great moral failure
WRONG. YOU ARE FAKE NEWS & TAXPAYER WASTE
That's because the President IS a white supremacist and neo-Nazi-you can't say that sir, I understand, but the rest of us can, so we should.
When can he be impeached and removed!
It is past time that we unraveled the sin of racism once, and for all. #Charlottesviille
Please start impeachment proceedings as soon as possible.


We need to fast track an impeachment.
More shocking is the acceptance of his words by many of our friends and family. We cannot allow this to be acceptable. #ImpeachTrump
How
And you are an ANTIFA enabler,  Senator. Absolutely horrifying.
#25thAmendmentNow 
#FireBannon 
#FireMiller 
#FireGorka 
#ImpeachTrumpAndPence
What exactly did he say?

hmmmmmm,
I heard it excactly on cnn
