As we approach tax day, we aren’t letting Trump off the hook for releasing his 2016 tax returns.
#OnThisDay in 2015, President Obama released his 2014 tax return.
Even more transparency on April 11! #OnThisDay Presidents Obama, George W. Bush & Reagan released their tax returns
Daily reminder of the lowest ethical bar Trump refuses to meet. #OnThisDay Presidents Obama, Bush & Reagan released their tax returns.
#OnThisDay 4 presidents from both parties released their tax returns. This isn't a partisan issue. This is about earning the public’s trust.
Presidents make difficult decisions on a daily basis. For Bush, Clinton & Reagan, releasing their tax returns #OnThisDay was a no brainer.
From Presidents Reagan to Obama, every president has released at least one year of their tax returns #OnThisDay. Every. Single. President.
Trump likes to compare himself to Reagan so how about this: #OnThisDay in 1982 President Reagan released his tax returns. In 2017? Nothing.
Yet another President who has released tax returns #OnThisDay.
#OnThisDay—#TaxDay—it's astounding for Trump to demand public trust without meeting lowest ethics bar every Pres. since Watergate has met.
And now, a compilation of all the Presidents who have released their tax returns (aka every single one since Watergate)

#ReleaseTheReturns
#OnThisDay in 1988 Pres. George HW Bush. released tax returns like every president has since Watergate. Why should Trump be any different?
This concludes my #OnThisDay tax returns tweeting for the next few months.
But I won’t stop demanding Trump’s tax returns. And neither will the American people.
Amazing how little constructive energy you have yet this BS keeps you busy.  Oh well at least it keeps you out of the way of the progress
At this point does it really matter? Jesus. The entire gov't has gone rogue. And I'm not talking about Republicans.
Unless you are prepared to abandon the rule of law and surrender to authoritarian oligarchy, it matters a great deal.
I don't believe it's a law. It's protocol that was developed along the way. So it's not a major concern. War and climate change are.
It's not a law at all. Authoritarian oligarchy? Like making people sign up for healthcare or fining them? Making tax payers pay for college?
Taxpayers should pay for college instead of giving al lour $$ to the MIC
I'm already paying off my own student loans so I'll go ahead and pass on paying for other's college.
Go away dummy
Ron,
None of are interested in the Presidents taxes.  I would like to know why there are no military  bases in Oregon??
It isn't required. There isn't a law/ regulation that requires this.  Congress exempted the exec branch. If you want this change the law
Ate you going to file an injunction? DEMAND THE FACTS
You lost.  Suck it up, Wyden.
Darn, what can the highly paid and covered with health ins. do, looks like the GOP walks on us
What's he hiding?????????? #taxes#russia
We are Still Waiting to see Hillary's 30,000 Emails!
He's not really a president he's a coward because he didn't play fair he's always got to rig things to win and that's what he did
Every President since #Watergate has not been impeached. #HistoryDontFailUsNow!
And every president since Watergate has been subject to mandatory audits while in office. https://www.irs.gov/irm/part4/irm_04-002-001.html#d0e1475 … #release
Hire American, buy American , jobs, jobs, jobs!
So why are all of Trumps products made in Mexico and China?  Ohhhh...that's right He's TRUMP...what a role model for his own mandate! #idiot
Senator, have you released your tax returns? Might be a good first move... you and all the other senators could make it an annual incentive.
I bet I pay more in taxes than you do Ron! I only take my personal deduction. Do you write off the home in Oregon that you don't live in?
Don't lean on tradition when the garbage on your side of the street hasn't been picked up for decades
Another long national tradition that Democrats broke was the filibustering of federal judicial appointees
There are customs far more important and longer practiced that Democrats have broken, such as Cory Booker testifying against Jeff sessions
A more important investigation related to Trump's tax returns is who leaked his federally protected tax information to MSNBC?
No requirement, none of your business.
It should be a law for presidential candidates to release taxes & to be vetted for security clearance.
So like 7 presidents out of 45?
Hmmm... Watergate... Trump... Perfect. They have to buy that. Right? No?
Was that by choice? And, how many senators released their tax returns?
Oh my no way. Really. Is the sky following. Those bastards before Nixon. JFK was a crook for not doing that.
The law does not require the release and I have no interest post Election to make this an issue - my issue is comprehensive tax reform -
Gee, I don't know, maybe we can do BOTH? How else can we ascertain the potential self-enriching motives for reform?
Hey, Trump might end up paying more taxes with his proposed reform, which would endear him to millions, right?
Who cares!
You sound like a #birther.
do you cry yourself to sleep at night with this shit? or just roll around in the millions you've made since becoming a senator?
What motivates the @GOP to be implicit in not making Trump release his taxes? What are they hiding & what is Trump hiding? We need to know
Sorry, it is time for We the People to withhold payment. It is actually 70 years past time to stop funding misanthropes.

Trump can't release his returns now. If he did, it would become explicitly clear that it was himself that released the 2005 return.
@SenJeffMerkley @POTUS More imp: Jobs EconomyPOTUS that kicks ASSDems hurting America because their sore losersTax returns SO what!
The senate should investigate or form a committee...or complain on twitter.  Whatever is needed to prevent WWIII.
And Obama's school records? His social security number? His passport? Wow
Come on let it go
Ron, will you push for congressional approval prior to any preemptive strikes on N. Korea?
The Cabinet members and Tillerson.all of them and this POTUS. Stop them. We are demanding it. Sen.Wyden we know you and Sen Udall can do it.
PUSH And we want the Investigation to begin now. We know there is a list and it is a long one and there are Senators involved.
He is obviously hiding stuff!
@realDonaldTrump Will be returning to Watergate era. He will resign before impeachment
Come march with us on Saturday!
Because he is a thief, a conman, corrupt, deceitful, and quite possibly insane, or maybe it's just a bad case of affluenza!
Lots of people care. And those who don't, should.
Because it would show how he earns his money and some extent of the conflicts of interest he has.
Speaking of Watergate, Nixon colluded to break into the DNC. Trump colluded to hack the DNC. What's the difference? #impeachtrump
Good point.
Will you let this go? There are more pressing issues at hand
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45
Thank you, Ron Wyden, for continuing to push the importance of Trump's taxes. He must release them so we know possible emoluments.
and who is letting him get away with all of this crap?
How about cleaning up your party. Why is it okay for the gov to spy on citizens?  Seems like illegal aliens have more rights than us
You need a different job.
we know but what are you and fellow Dems going to do about it?
@realDonaldTrump said he would release them if he won...surely @POTUS wouldn't lie!
The election is over!  Stop being an embarrassment to Oregon.  Get to work and quit your belly aching!  So many more important issues
And that is what Trumpy wants you to think. #puppetboy
Who cares?
Sen. Wyden he and his are breaking the Constitutional laws left and right and all of you are letting him and them. Stop them. You CAN.
We want them now or fire him. He is going to get China and Russia firing atomic miss.'s at US(A). Just do it. What are you all afraid of?
so what?  I believe in privacy, somthing we should respect. There are so much WORSE things to hound Trump about.
Why do you honestly care so much? I'd rather see the Clinton Foundation balance sheet. Good Lord, please focus on something that matters
Tax March this Saturday, April 15!
Trump decided to not submitt to the will of libs or MSM.
did u forget the IRS is "still" auditing @realDonaldTrump he knows fully well they're not at liberty to say whether or not they are 
That's because they didn't have lying, cheating & corruption to cover up. @realDonaldTrump is never going to let America see the truth
Get over it and get to work.
#TrumpTaxReturns 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., Washington, DC 20050
Ron, have you thought about introducing a bill to require that? It would help reveal conflicts of interest to the voting public.
But what about the spying?!? #ronwyden such a hypocrite #orPol
Well this one donated his pay to the park system and seems to be paying for his personal vacations.
Wah wah wah
Wow Patrick! You're still on the Trump train???? Good for you! At least there's plenty of leg room with all the extra seats.
Make him
What is your point?  Was you elected to sit on your butt and complain or wa you elected to legestlste?
BUT the Russians @RonWyden @JeredElmore #TreasonIsTheReason
And still we wait--while every day he and his family break more laws, and nothing happens.
I hope you don't read Twitter, probably make you give up and say "Fuck it." Don't read this crap, get back to doing good work. Thx
@ImpeachDJTNow 
By now, does anybody really wonder why?
If so, tip:  It will show who he owes.
I hope to hell it's Russia!
@JJohnson2u It's not a coincidence that paranoid, ousted Fox head Ailes was brains, architect &  manipulator of both candidates.
Subpoena them for the investigation
Yes. What is he hiding?
Legally he is not required to show his taxes. How about you show us yours??
They will be subpoenaed.
Even if Trump's tax return are subpoenaed we aren't going to see them. It's called privacy besides the FBI has seen them.
We dont have to but the investigation does. After that we shall see about that. Depends on their gathered data. If points to crime, we see.
The crime is Susan Rice and Hillary Clinton. They both lied a lot and are getting away with very serious crimes. Treason comes to mind!!
Oh that is so funny! Love how you guys try to turn it sround. That's getting old. It won't work. Too bad!
So your blinded by the DEMS and their Fackstream media.
So what, your worried about Trump's tax returns when the tentions Russian US relations are going nuclear. You all pushed this though.
So what? Not required. And, frankly, you, Merkley and a few other Dems are the only people who care.
No way! The MAJORITY of American voters do. But you wont hear that on Fox. Wait amd see!  #TaxMarch
You had 8 years of crooks, liers & thiefs; Obumer,Lerner, hitlery,Rice, podedsta, Lynch,Holder F'n up AM. & your worried about DJT's Taxes?
Ah Watergate, the good old days when it was one scandal at a time.
Nobody cares what you say
hes not a president. It was an fbi coup. That makes him leader of a junta.
Boohoo boohoo
What is he hiding? Dynamite information about his dealing with #Putin & #RussianBanks
They already tested the waters so we know what you will do. merkly will have a sleepover, but youll do nothing
Because there is something brewing that is bigger than watergate? Whoever uncovers this easily wins one or more Pulitzer awards.
He won't either. He's the crookedest of them all & can apparently do whatever he wants without consequence.
Finally, a president with a backbone! His taxes are none of your freakin business. Why don't you whine about the dems acting like babies!!
You must be afraid to see what he is hiding. Too bad. So sad.
You mean, the 2 pages that trump released from 10 years ago? LOL
That she did. However, a guy who has 2000 pages in his taxes, releases the only 2 pages that are favorable to him.
Because, as I said before, these were the only 2 pages that made him look good. Try to keep up.
None of them where billionaires, constantly under attack by a weaponized IRS. Weaponized by Democrats like yourself. Socialism Sucks
The IRS can't change your returns. They are what they are & trump is hiding something. Period.
Of course they have. @realDonaldTrump #WhatAreYouHiding ?
There oughta be a law. Can you help?
Wyden sponsored a proposed law for it. S.2979
Thanks Sen. Wyden!
Maybe it's time to make it a law. As well as the "Biden Rule" - if Republicans want to act like it's law.
Oh hey....it looks like there is a law being proposed to make presidential tax returns transparent...and Ron Wyden is sponsering it. S.2979
That is being done.
#libtarditis abounds..
This matters!!! @PressSec @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @SenateDems @SenateMajLdr @SenSanders @SpeakerRyan @SenWarren #transparency
Well, to be fair, we're not sure he was legitimately elected as president ... god excuse?
@IndivisibleTeam so what! Only libs care about Trump tax returns,he doesn't have to,I wouldn't!
He has conflicts of interest and the investigation will subpoena them, little botnik.
No conflict of interest law for president btw
Every president since Watergate has not been under investigation for treason, either.
Maybe Nixon and Trump will have even more in common.
@IndivisibleTeam Keep pressuring him please. Americans want to see @realDonaldTrump tax returns!
Not Americans. Just distructive liberals & socialistic Democrats!
He be a hiding stuff.
But he's not a real President he is a FAKE
@IndivisibleTeam keep the pressure! Demand trump submit his tax returns!
Before Watergate
It's not important, drop it. He's rich, get over it.
New amendment to the US Constitution may help. Tax returns not released means immediate impeachement.
I'd say before primaries to be viable candidate. Although tax returns don't necessarily shed light on all matters or potential conflicts.
Agree.
That's because it was, and is not, a Constitutional clause for becoming POTUS. Just like the #DOE only appeared in 1979. Not Constitutional.
Not actually how Washington works since 1789, but thanks for playing
Not how it works, and clearly unConstitutional nevertheless.
That's what amendments are for. Should be a full background ck, financial disclosure and taxes, clinical physical/psych evals.
Indeed, but when has an amendment been passed in either case mentioned? Never. #Article5 #10A
Kinda irrelevant at this point in history. Congress has the precedent to enact additional laws. Get over it.
Of course Congress can make laws #Art1Sec1, surely you know this? They have no authority to amend the Constitution #Art5, #10A.
200 years of it virtually unchallenged disagress with you. If that was a big deal, they could ratify the powers, but its not really an issue
Pardon me if I'm more concerned by the acts of war he's committing in our name.
You worry about that, we want him out.
Yeah great point. He was also spied on by the outgoing administration. Is it ok with you that Americans are spied on by their government?
The question is "why?" Pretty easy to answer...none of it will make him look good. #TrumpTaxes
How about we pass a law that requires candidates release them to OGE before election? Can we have this for 2020?
They are writing the bill.
Please find a way to bring this #TraitorInChief to justice. #NoMore
Make it mandatory for 2020 and beyond, please!
hahahahahahaha. You still ragging on that? That all you got Wyden?
Really? You want to try and read it like that?  You must be awesome at Twister, and convincing yourself of crazy stuff.
Yes, but look at yourself, you are a puppet of a crazy lying  wannabe Indian, and I am Indian. Liz is not Indian. So keep crying 
let's hope Trump is also the first president to resign since Nixon.
This is something the entire country can get behind. The last for #POTUS have been horrible. Still not as bad as Wilson though!
*four
