This strikes at the heart of the rule of law in America. It violates his oath of office.
and don't YOU DARE run down Sheriff Arpaio for doing wht you would NEVER have the GUTS to do which is PROTECT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
Well is it anything like Hillary Clinton breaking the law & getting a free pass? We see through your BS.
Arpaio pardon says, if you are a law-enforcement official who follows the law on immigration, libs & Obama holdover judge will go after you
Some information you may have missed:
I suppose you'll say that the judge wasn't an Obama appointed lacky & that didn't violate the constitution.
Prove it
When will someone stop Mr. Trump? Before it is too late. I hope.
Everyday Trump makes Obama look great not sure that his intention
Only 211 more to become as good as Obama was at pardoning.
Would never live up to Obama Trump s bar so much lower
You would rather have cocaine/crack smugglers be set free than a bariatric ex sheriff not getting his fine.
Shame on you Ron! You just lost my vote!
It's cute that you think law-enforcement-officials are concerned with breaking the law.
Please keep repeating the group think nonsense of your Party! 2018 is gonna signal the demise of The Democratic Party!
Sanctuary cities...
Shit for brains Ron
President Trump pardoned a man who did what is best for America. Obama pardoned criminals.
Regardless of your feelings, Arpaio is not above the law. He violated a court order. Go directly to jail. Trump is no patriot.
Arpaio violated Obama doctrine. Nothing more. Arpaio is an American hero and deserves the Medal of Freedom.
There's no use arguing with you people.
Now we fight for what is right. Arpaio was victim of a witch hunt by Obama's DOJ.

Your a lib. That says enough.
yup libtard....thats about the size of it....law enforcment rocks despite what the demturds try to do...ps..your way to ugli to be on tv
You mean like the Clintons?
#termlimits
No Ron. It says that the President doesn't appreciate political prosecutions.
Not exactly. Nice spin though. Over 1900 pardons by Obama.  Did not see any tweets from you regarding each of those. Hmmm
And how many convicted criminals did Obama release again?  Convicted being the operative word!
What did Obama pardoning all the embezzlement, felony drug dealing, and fraud criminals say? - https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
Nice try at "whataboutism" - No equivalence. Arpaio (allegedly) was someone pledged to uphold the law. He ignored judge's order & continued.
Arpaio violated the law, he was told to quit by a judge, he continued to violate the law. He swore to uphold the law. He did not.
When a law enforcement officer uses the power of their office to VIOLATE the law it's an offense against public trust and the rule of law.
Arpaio pissed on the rule of law and Trump, once again, showed his contempt for the judiciary and used the same "urinal".
BS Senator!  Joe Arpaio is 85 years old. What is wrong with you.
What's the age threshold to ignore court orders and discriminate?
In case you haven't notice Arpaio is no longer in office.
You didn't answer my question
Dumb question you know there age requirement. At what age would you show compassion?
Your initial comment was about his age, obviously implying there is some "age" that it becomes OK to have done certain things... correct?
How about he is an elderly man.
Exactly. So if someone is what, 75 or older, we should allow them to act criminally?
Arpaio enforced the law. Happy he was pardoned!! 
Obama pardoned worse. ??
What can be done? Impeachment? Insanity? What LITERALLY can be done and how soon? He is out of control, he's making a mockery of America
2/2 we're all holding our breaths and waiting on the Mueller investigation.
Well you better make the down payment on your cemetery plot real soon! Like Now
I'm aware of what his haters think about his methods. I'm in the all prisons should be like tent city camp. He's still NOT a terrorist.
Yep. You are sorry. For thinking that prisons should be taxpayer funded vacays & illegal alien invaders have rights gtd by OUR Constitution.
Isn't that what pay for play was?
Well, Obama allowed mayors to violate the law with sanctuary cities.
And give you automatic weapons, grenade launchers, military vehicles just to keep the rabble in check when "the time comes". *wink*
And it's OK for Obama and his Justice Department to go after a Sheriff.   Thankful Sheriff Joe survived all he was put thru.
By the end of his presidency Barack Obama had exercised his constitutional power to 1,927 individuals convicted of federal crimes.
Only HiLIARy Clinton gets protected while breaking the law ....jerk off.
You need to be replaced so keep up the babble
LOL!  It sends a message to those who defend our borders that this President won't persecute them for doing the jobs they swore to do...
Ur an idiot
u r out of ur fckng mind.  Oh look, ur ignorance on display for all the world to see.
Ron. Please get to work on taxes infrastructure health care repeal/replace. Stop trying to divide America
Actually Mr. Obama was not enforcing and sheriff was only one willing to in order to protect AZ citizens. You're unamerican sir.
Much like the 1000's of Obama pardons. Be a leader banana hammock.
A list of the ppl Obama pardoned along with their offense. https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
This guy does nothing but babble and makes no sense.
That's why I called him a banana hammock. Something got to catch his dribble. Lmfao
@realDonaldTrump Or as your rhetoric says be an illegal or democratic and you don't need a pardon your home free
Stop embarrassing our country and try to work for the people who voted you in please.
#ArpaioPardon says, "Trump doesn't believe in unjust laws." Remember how the Obama administration victimized #AaronSwartz? #wasters
No "DIPSHIT"  if You were in the  Obama Criminal Cartel, Laws do not matter!  FIOA, DELETED EMAIL, LIES TO CONGRESS, UNMASKING?
Where were you when Obama pardoned Bradley Manning?
He fully intended to keep America safe ... his "mistake". keepMS 13 gangs  from entering as well as the drug.  cartel.
Like a guy named Manning who betrayed our military? I guess you believe Pfc Manning wasn't really a bad guy and Hillary was just careless
This is the problem with politicians; they are hypocrites.......
Lie; plain and simple.  If this is so, then Obama and Wyden believe if you deal drugs, the Democrats will protect you.
Then when Anti-Gun Democrats get caught selling Machine Guns to gangs. Slap on the wrist...
YOU want to talk about Oath of Office? What about every Democrat that has violated it in the name of killing the 2nd Amendment?
Oh sure Ronny.  Like Odumba's pardon of BRADLEY Manning, multiple drug dealers (distributing cocaine is OK with you?).  Get a life.  #MAGA
you are so full of it! Look at the criminals Obama pardoned & terrorists he released. Arpaio isn't dangerous.
Are you for real? Remember the 5 terrorists traded for a deserter? Did you have a problem with that?
Kind of like Obama sending the msg that if you want to desert the army, he'll bail you out? Or the many drug dealers he gave a pass to?

...and he will

Full list of Obama's pardons for everyone.  Fun little read.
 https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
BHO's pardons say if youre a terrorist or a traitor, he loves you and supports you

is a typical anti American democrat that supports illegal immigration and immigration fraud.
Arpair pardon wrong - I'll bet you think Manings pardon was a good thing. Really stop the resistance or your out. I was a Dem and now indep.
If you are :Hillary or Lois, or Loretta  you don't need a pardon. No one will even properly investigate your crimes.
You're a left wing hypocrite.
You are truly despicable!
No it says if you do your job to protect the citizens that you are sworn to protect, the President will back you up.  Illegal is illegal
I'm also pretty sure accepting the pardon will say "SUE ME UNTIL I'M DEAD & BROKE" because the civil & state crim courts use it against him.
So its OK to release Gitmo prisoners back into war to fight our troops where were you then Asshat.
By Obummer!!! @potus

Yes - and I think we witnessed that in his "speech" about roughing people up. Which was met with universal disgust.
Trump giving Arpaio a pardon is equivalent to saying:
'I am a Dictator w unlimited power.
Support me and no law can be applied to you'
Joe and Trump need to be on the same chain gang.   #billofrights #4thAmendment #criminalsgotojail
The Wyden position says, if you don't give a crap about our laws and our borders Ron Wyden will protect you.
How about all those criminals obama pardoned or commuted sentences oh that's right that not part of your liberal agenda
Arpaio was following the law, it was a good Pardon and one the Majority of Arizonans celebrate.
45 has no respect for Constitution and believes there are those above the law, that I can tell you. #SnowFlakeAvalanche #45resign
It says let's make law enforcement corrupt, like Mexico.
I wish Che GUEVARA was still alive we need a revolutionary in this capitalist pig country
Wrong again puppet!
What about if you're a transgender military soldier who gives away national secrets.  Is that okay? #ArpaioPardon
David, whataboutism is not a logical argument. But even then, Chelsea did time, Arpaio did not.
HIS crime was much more severe. Arpaio followed federal law & made us safer, Bradley was treason and considered a hero 4 being transgender
Arpaio failed to follow the Constitution and made MANY less safe. Manning saw injustice and wanted to alert attention to civilian deaths.
What Article or Amendment did he break? Manning leaked information he doesn't get to make that choice. You can't even compare the two.
No, what it says, is the Democrats are going to cheat and use political judges to frame someone, the president is going to stop them
What about all the pardons obama gave out?
Guess that was pk
I like your tweet but hate what trumps done.
ThugsRUs a Poor Example To The Universe
So you are upset over this but kept your big mouth shut while your Savior Obama was releasing TERRORISTS from Guantanamo Bay? Seriously??
pardon says that potus trump has the back of law enforcement officials who enforce the law without prejudice.
#ArpaioPardon was necessary to justice because Clinton appointed judge Bolton denied Arpaio his 6th Amendment right to jury trial.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Clinton_pardon_controversy …
On August 11, 1999, Clinton commuted the sentences of 16 members of FALN, which is a Puerto Rican paramilitary org.
@CourtneySwans20 
AGREED
Really?? Is that what it means? Really?? I think yr followers r so ignorant they likely believe your BS.  That IS NOT what the pardon means!
You're all feckless and weak. You sound like whiny little girls, and we of the Right enjoy your wails and moans. Cry, baby. Cry! #MAGA
So did @BarackObama say "If you are an armed bank robber, I'll protect you" when he pardoned Willie Shaw who did just that? #DemocraticLogic
But if U R a #Clinton supporter you support terrorism, treason, genocide, human trafficking, theft & torture. R U EVEN #JEWISH?!? @DWStweets
Your party has been saying that for years - your party pardoned actual terrorists and traitors.
He's like Duterte!
No, it says democrat witch hunts targeting patriots won't be tolerated under a #MAGA presidency. Neither will lawless sanctuary cities.
The Obama's said. if you are tried and convicted of actual crimes, it doesn't matter. You can come out and kill at will. Remember hypocrite?
As opposed to Obama Pardoning Murders and Rapist,And sneaking out Gitmo Prisoners in the middle of night, Breaking Constitutional Law ?#Maga
and if you are a GD russian spy,no worries, he has you covered too!
That's EXACTLY what @realDonaldTrump himself has been saying repeatedly since the campaign last summer...and people thought he was joking.
He outright told people to break the law and he'd protect them. He explicitly told police to commit violent crimes. He said those openly.
Pardons happen every administration, this is a witch hunt from a sad pretentious man...
Nothing is further from the truth! That's very simpleton of you!
You mean like Bubba's Mark Rich Pardon? LOL.
Get set up and framed by the liberals and Trump will set things right.
Especially if you're white
What about Presidents who use pardons to get donations to their campaign?
Yep. And until SOMEONE stops him, this pattern will continue
Yep, exactly.
Arpaio deserved to be fired, not jailed!
DT to Sessions Obstruction of Justice. Impeach him now
NO,IT SAYS good,its about time!WHAT DOES OBAMAS CHELSEA MANNING EARLY RELEASE SAY?TRAITORS DONT GET PUNISHED?YOURE A HYPOCRITE!
Maybe you should go back and read the Constitution a presidential pardon is absolute just like democratic crook Marc Rich
A birther right along with his buddy Trump.. Even now, I don't think he admits that is fake news.
using your logic, is Obama a terrorist sympathizer then since he pardoned some peutro rican terrorists?
Yeah, I remember your ceaseless complaining about a pardoned spy and pardoned drug pushers.
Never mind you never complained about that.
Yes....you have to be an actual terrorist to get a pardon....like the Obama pardoned.
Boy you got that right
Gangster rule.

#ImpeachTrump
It says the president is a bully and has no respect for the people arpaio harrassed and harmed.
What about Kate Brown? She refuses to enforce voter approved death penalty. Please comment how this is different.
More broadly, if you're a Trump supporter, he'll protect you. Someone wants to start a race war, and it isn't Charlie Manson.
Your stance o. Sanctuary cities is....what?
Please help us, Senator Wyden.
Citizens for policing the police throughout the USA!!!!! The only way!!!
then did Obama's say "if you attack America he'll protect you"?
Hmmm and your excuse for Obama freeing criminals, prisoners from Gitmo,and Manning?  Can't have it your way all the time.
Disagree...What it says to me is Liberal Judges that ignore the laws of the constitution deserve to get slapped around
Get him Ron, you know the law, @realDonaldTrump doesn't
Arpaio was following the law and you lefties turned it into a political circus.  You need to be voted out.
Geeez, where do these #Bots come from
Can't you do anything?
No it doesn't.  It says that he pardoned one person.  Obama pardoned hundreds. Did you object then?
@RealSheriffJoe has done more FOR America than you (and many of your peers) ever will.
I can't find your same condemnation of sanctuary cities breaking federal laws...
Trump is actually OK with gays, sir, so you really don't need to hate him so much.
You mean like Obama did for multiple felons? Are there really voters who fall for your nonsense?
Obama violated his oath to uphold the Constitution and the Laws of our Land. The sheriff WAS upholding them. Obama committed TREASON.
We love you trump !!
Thank you for pardoning sheriff Joe
Ron Wyden go cry somewhere else
Sad little ronnie gonna be scared of old man Sheriff, 
What about all of Obama's pardons
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …

He didn't break law. Obama broke the law for illegals just like you. What the hell free abortions to any. Hypocrite
Where was outrage when BO pardoned Oscar Lopez Rivera?
Derrrrp he already served 35 years
Actually is says if you enforce immigration laws democrat judges will conspire against you.  Then a president will save you from leftists.
Yeah. That is Not how it's supposed to work.
That's  scary!
Or: perjure yourself in the Russia investigation to protect me, and I'll pardon you.
That analogy also says if you commit fraud. Obama & bill Clinton will save you. Apparently that is their beliefs & they follow them.
It says if you are a criminal buddy of Drumpf then you will be pardoned.
This President is putting the American peoples in danger in all "quarters" Request that he resign or IMPEACH him ASAP. For our sake.
Help us, please.
Like Obama's pardon of traitor Chelsey Manning?
I just looked at Obamas lengthy list of pardons. One drug dealer or money launderer after another. I'll take Arpio.
don't forget the terrorists and traitor
I just did a check of Obama pardons & it's one drug dealer after another & it's not for marijuana either. Also a lot of pardons4$ laundering
For people in prison for decades. Debatable if they've been punished enough, but Arpaio's decades long crime spree not punished at all
Your lips are firmly planted on @HillaryClinton 's treasonous murdering ass. #notMySenator #Ny3rdSenator #liberalsAreNuts #turnORred
Birds of a feather.
And Obama? http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/01/oscar-lopez-commutation-barack-obama-214685 …
Conflating a commutation of someone who served 35 years in prison to the pardon of someone who hadn't been sentenced yet. Makes sense.
Senator Wyden.  It's time.  You and other lawmakers with credibility must actively call for impeachment.  Don't wait on Mueller.
More than that.  Gives permission to ignore subpoenas, collude, steal from government.
The Complicit GOP, need to get off their backsides and start working towards democracy. Filth
the federal reserve unlawfully manipulates up the stock market and you do nothing about it.
is that right? you have gov employees at the VA rehab center in white city OR breaking the law and you do nothing about it.
Exactly right Senator, so now what? Are enough @GOP going to stand up for our country, or are they too busy worried about appeasing trump?
It shows that Trump believes he is above the law & anyone he wants to be above the law is too. It is SWAMP building 101 and UnAmerican.
So incarceration of criminal illegals is okay with you... #recallwyden
I believe that he should throw all bad apples in prison for life if they break any law.
Why is this a shocker?
Take the House and jail this crazy man baby.

