.@SenateGOP will vote for a repeal bill WITHOUT KNOWING: 

how many people will lose coverage…
1/ Please ask .@msnbc .@cnn & .@foxnewspolitics to cover Senate Finance Committee live next Monday. Americans need bright light shined on to
2/ R's immoral bill and undemocratic process R's are using to try to ram the bill through the Senate.  Sunshine can kill the bill!!
"Lose". That's the key word. Answer?  Not many. Millions will leave on their own due to no mandate.  That's called choice Senator.
Remember, like, two days ago? When the GOP *insisted* on needing a CBO score for Sanders' plan?
Double standards! Without them, the @GOP wouldn’t have ANY standards.
Ron the Con,  you endangered it long before now!
It defies logic to vote on something sight unseen
Are these people stupid or just sociopathic or both?

These guys need to held responsible during the next election cycle. Hammer them with their cold selfish hearts.
@TheDemocrats forced Obamacare on the American people and destroyed their healthcare. Its already collapsed.
#GrahamCassidy #TrumpCare is evil.
Full repeal. Nothing less
Isn't that how the ACA was originally constructed? With YOUR eyes closed! Didn't read the bill did Wyden? Dems did it bad!!!
The bill was 900 pages long. Going to need at least 30 highlighters for that job.
No different that you Democratic's and ACA. That's the system for Americans but not our Senators,Shameful!!
Ppl losing coverage are opting out. Not being forced out.  O Care forced unwilling participants.  Now they can exit.
Senator Wyden: All of you in the Senate have responsibility to ensure this destructive and cruel bill doesn't pass. Please.
Like you did with OBUMMERCARE
So sad that democrats have so little faith in their ability to run their states they have to band together at fed level.  Poor Oregon
Is your hate of 44 so great, you will intentionally hurt millions of Americans, then pretend you didn't know it was that bad?   Horrid.
They don't care that it throws people off of coverage, they don't believe we all deserve health care.  @SenateGOP are soulless & tone-deaf.
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #TakeMineHC #TakeYoursTOO #HEALTHCARE NOT #DEATHCARE #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR
And you are endangering my existence with your eyes wide open, your hand in my wallet and your head up your .......!
And bank accounts open....hand extended. All of these fucking people should be in jail.
And you are endangering our health by letting them get away with it. Your toolkit is not limited to outrage and harsh language, you know.
Crazy that Americans have to fight Congress every few weeks to Keep their health care. What other nation does that?
Yes there will be so many illegals not covered the Democrats won't win anymore elections by giving away free bee's for votes...#LiberalLies
I don't think they care - do you? You know all of them.
More like their wallets open to get as money from Phama & others n their personal accounts,since we pay their Healthcare
Dreadful
I'm sure you have exaggerated the numbers!

This bill strips healthcare from 32 million people & eliminates ALL Medicaid by 2026. It will kill more Americans than an ISIS wet dream!
Ron. Remove fingers from rectum and try to end the husseincare nightmare.
Yes! Just like before, b/c THEY DON'T CARE about people. This isn't about healthcare t them. It's about a WIN
We want Medicare for All
It never ends with these people! We continue to fight over and over, good grief.
You continue to endanger the health of our veterans with your eyes wide open. End the sequestration of veteran care to the VA.
.
And you did the same thing with my healthcare and my father and aunt. Plans lost, and premiums deductibles skyrocketed.
You didn't even know what was in Obamacare before foisting it upon the American public with blatant lies...
Well Democrats and Constituent leaning Republicans. Time to flex your Muscles again. McCain, are you willing to consider People over GOP?
@WhinerWyden! #Crybaby #LiarLiar
Can we get what you got
*where* are their fingers? I think I know where their thumbs are @senateGOP #Resist
# not my senator
Wth are they replacing it with @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan show us the #HealthCareForAll bill now
Support Medicare for all!
Thank you Senator Wyden for standing up for Americans. The majority of us clearly want to fix the ACA, not watch them destroy our healthcare
None of them care. They're being goaded by someone who thinks he owes the minority who voted him in.
You created this mess. It's on you.
No, no, no, no, and no on Graham-Cassidy!
How about Obamacare. Hypocrite. It's your baby
But they don't care.  That's the problem.
Thank you, Senator Wyden.
I know who would vote yes on something that hurts thier voters
I expect to see them have to drag you from the floor before this comes to a vote, Senator Wyden. Millions of lives are at stake.
Gee I forget. How much of the Obamacare bill did you see before you voted yes on it?
Seems like your esteemed leader @NancyPelosi said something like "We need to pass the bill to know what's in it" - like those glass houses?
This is bordering on criminal by the GOP. No regular order in the Senate for anything and it seems they are determined to take away HC. Sad
Where is your endorsement for the Bernie Sanders Medicare for all bill??  I see how much money you take from the "health care" industry.
We have your back - fight this!!!!
Does he have our back though? Why hasn't he cosponsored the Bernie Sanders Medicare for all bill along with @SenJeffMerkley???
What happened to @SenJohnMcCain's plea for bipartisianship work on this?

Now would be a good time to come out for #MedicareForAll
Why? Cause it's working so well??? #nottoobright
What's not too bright is paying twice the developed country avg for healthcare costs yet achieving below average results #MedicareForAll
Stop taking insurance companies money and get on board with the fight to end this. #MedicareForAll
@igorvolsky what's you plan senator #MedicareForAll that according to @SenSanders will bankrupt the Nation
@igorvolsky Senator what you described is a self portrait. ACA is imploding and millions are losung coverage.
Sad I always thought sen.Graham was a better human being than this.The political cynicism and disingenuousness of this bill is heartbreaking
#repealACA
CBO latest  - Dems please push for delay - this cannot pass
yeah but they get to have a little party at the White House.
