Orange you happy for this? thanks for doing this good thing.
Good speech! From the heart.Still miss 1 thing, if the OBC isn´t good enough. Why not suggest fixing the bad parts, care needs Worked upon
It seems that the nails are being put into the coffin. I am ashamed to occupy the same air space as these disgusting republicans. Shame.
The passing of a repeal doesn't mean all is lost. A populace doesn't have to yield to it's government if it's unjust.
You can choose to protest against it. Let them see you in the streets peacefully rallying together for your rights and your future
These ppl are soulless. If our marching was going to matter they wouldn't have gotten this far. I've tried to keep a positive attitude but.
I am tired. I'm tired physically and mentally.
Don't give up!
Ok! The #RaiseAct is Polling High Vote in this Poll @DNC & @RNC support it! Good for our #InnerCities & #HigherWages
Very powerful!

And that, my friends, is the spirit of aloha. Not hate. Not ridicule. Not bullying. Not profanity. Not cruelty. A.L.O.H.A.
Thank you Senator - YOU ROCK
I never heard Sen Maizie Hirono of Hawaii speak before tonight. Class and Dignity.
She is a good one. Honest, direct. Straight forward. 

Need her as our governor. We've a clown right now.
She said she has kidney cancer, so I hope she makes a complete recovery.
She won't and neither will  McCain
Hawaii has done a great service sending Maxie to the Semate. Thank you. True native voices Aloha
And it had zero effect on the Republicans
I stand with u, honorable Senator Hirono. Get well, stay strong, we need! God speed
Amazing statement. I love this strong woman. She is pulling @GOP hypocrisy and holding it up for them to see for themselves. #shero
Mahalo, Senator Hirono.
TY, Sen Hirono! @SenatorSasse presided at end of your speech. This Nebraskan doesn't understand his vote against the health of our country.
Amazing speech! Hoping it had an impact on enough of them to make a difference.
Guess it did
Yup
TRUTH
there's so many that just don't care.
thank you from the bottom of my heart for sharing and understanding the position many of us are in just trying to eat let alone insurance $
Horrible
Saw same day.  SHE is AMAZING & HERO for SACRIFICING to return to Senate to FIGHT FOR LIFE of ALL AMERICANS! Thank you @maziehirono
The problem is that enough of the US population assume they live in the greatest country and hence their health care is also the greatest.
What an amazing, heart-felt speech  from a senator whose priorities are in the right place.
Damn Fucking right!
a real patriotic #American @GOP where are your deep #conservative #Christian values? #Christians are good to people not mean. #MAGA #DEMS
THIS is what a hero looks like. Thank you 
Why can't everyone have the same healthcare? The poor and middle class are not given the full level of care as rich or lawmakers. (1)
Millions are able to have affordable healthcare at the moment because of it and the lawmakers and Trump wants to take it all away. (2)
You have been played do well that you don't even know it!!  Ha!
Heroic. She has received a Stage 4 Kidney Cancer diagnosis!

Thank you , Senator Marie Hirono - soooooo powerful. You are a true hero . Sending love & prayers for you.
Thank you for your courage, your honesty, your public service ad your wisdom. I wish you the best & will keep you in my prayers: good karma.
So many heartfelt pleas laid bare on the Senate floor begging for compassion & fairness, asking Reps to do the right thing
Only 3 did #Shame
IS what Humanity shld sound like,she like mny n battle 4 their lives,SHE KNOWS,no one shld have added stress of HC INS when fighting to LIVE
Did not impress me
God bless you!!!
Thank you to you All for what you have done. You have saved millions of lives & saved this country. #Honor #Heroes
Who cares!
God bless you, @SenJohnMcCain and your families for standing up for ours!
Thank you Senators and thank you in particular Senator Hirono. You are an American hero!
& thats why WE the peepo of Hawaii sent our @maziehirono to Washington
You deserved your own standing ovation, Senator. I hope many are in your future.
@cwpontwit @maziehirono .Exactly!
The senate is alive with truly heroic role models that unlike Trump, put country above , even their own well being! Like Sen McCain , we
Offer our prayers and best wishes for a full and speedy recovery! God bless you both!
That was a beautiful appeal for reason.  Too bad only 3 Rep. Sens. had the courage to listen and vote against the bill. The rest are cruel.
No more speeches!!! Action speaks louder than words!

Honest, heartfelt words that most Americans could surely relate to regarding the emotional issue of healthcare for all U.S. citizens.
Your speech on senate floor renewed my spirit as much as  #WomensMarch-your words are life changing. Wish I could do 4 u what u did 4 us.
I don't know how McConnell, Ryan and the GOP sleep at night trying to kill folks.
Wow, powerful stuff. I wonder if John McCain was moved by this? I wonder if he knew what his vote would be the moment he walked in?
This midnight madness is UNACCEPTABLE
@maziehirono Thank you for your compassion and sharing your personal experiences.
Thank you @maziehirono!
All attention on McCain.This woman is just as strong and brave.I thank them both for their vote.Yes votes should hang their heads in shame.
Angus finally turns around. Did I hear his heart actually beat?
And even after you hear this passionate plea,  it's important to know that @GOP still doesn't care abt the American ppl. They serve Koch.
Thank you, @maziehirono, for your dedication to the American people.
Thank You.
Love to know what Obamacare plan she has?
Wow!!  It's always touching when a Senator will stand up & vote their conscience, and do what is right for all --not just the few elitists.
Thank you for sharing. She is amazing.
THANK YOU YOUR SO RIGHT LETS GET A SINGLE PAAYER FOR ALL US FOLKS WE NEED IT,MY HUSBAND HAS BAD SHOULDER AND HIS IN PAIN,CANT AFFORD HC
Aloha, Senator Hirono. Thank you for reminding your fellow Senators that this is personal to all Americans. I am crying years of hope.
This Senator, @maziehirono, is a true American hero! Bravo senator!
Women will save us all yet. Sen Hirono, with cancer, flew in to cast "NO" vote
My spouse of 28YRS & the father MY 2BOYS is now suffering with multiple myeloma at 53yrs OLDSOME DOC'S DON'T TAKE HIS INS, OMG WHAT TO DO
Put her on OBAMA CARE OR TELL HER TO SHUT THE ****Up
Thank you @maziehirono for confirming what we all know. Disease doesn't care if you're D or R. #healthcare is not partisan.
Thank you for using your voice to speak for me
I agree I'm relieved but do not forgot to work now together on a fair bill
Thank you @maziehirono ...  well said and thank you.  In my prayer through your health journey.
Love to you Senator!!!
Powerful. #Obamacare We still have millions without care. Why? We need #automaticcoverageforall!
so there will b immediate relief 4 those who cant afford. Or make amend 4 subsides 2 increase amt they cover 4. Get CBO & vote
Girl power!
Brave lady and continues her fight for things that's correct for the American people and not for a WIN at any cost!!
I will try to catch it on utube
Your eloquence speaks loudly.
beautiful!
Very good speech hirono san! Genki!
And yet they voted yes....
This is a hero. Thank you Senator Hirono, for your strength and continued fight for us.
Excellent speech,@maziehirono .   Thank you for saving us.
Barry Fitzgerald in "Naked City": "My mother used to say, 'If you want to know someone, don't look inside his mind, but inside his heart.'"
What a strong emotional message!

Thanks,anyway,but freaking corporate Democrats aren't on'our'side,the side most of us are on,we're unable to fund a$500 NON-med emergency
Profile in courage award.
Wow what a wonderful compassionate speech she's mazing. I  she does well with her treatment.
This senator understands why she is in Congress. So inspiring yet so many still determined to hurt those they serve
Wow.  A true example of what we need in the Senate.  She should be the measure we use to elect representatives. #compasssion
"Where is your compassion?"  
Hmmm... I'm gonna go with buried under lobbyist money.
Tears to my eyes. Thank God skinny repeal failed.
Unfortunately most on the other don't give a shit!!!
What an impassioned speech!
Incredible speech!    Hawaii is lucky to have Sen. Hirano!
Thank you @maziehirono !!! You're an inspiration.
.@maziehirono, a grateful nation thanks you for your impassioned plea that the rest of the USA has access to same care you are receiving.
Thank you for standing up for all Americans tonight and being an example of true compassion.
Cc @puuwaialoha - Hawaii doing great things 
caretakers of the country. We depend on U 2 B bipartisan as yr decisions affect all of US, not just one state, & lives R @ stake. #ACA #AHCA
Thank U,@maziehirono, 4 saying w/such passion & beauty what every senator shld already know & act upon. U R not just state senators, but...
@maziehirono You are a champion of the United States of America, Not the Democratic Party!
@MissAlKanan Eloquence at its finest. 

I wish Senator Hirono the best of health. Hoping she gets well soon.
Compassion.  GOP rep proceeds to Google definiton & almost reactionary shrugs,  eh.
You moved me to tears. Thank you for bravely sharing your story and especially for challenging the humanity and compassion of all senators
Go back home
Oh man deep to the heart and soul. You go Senator!!!
Promoting VA medical care for all Americans
@joncoopertweets @maziehirono MUST WATCH VIDEO WHAT A POWERFUL SPEECH. WE THE PEOPLE IN 2018 MUST REMOVE THESE HEARTLESS GOP
So proud that she's my Senator!
YES GIRL yes
Very inspiring speech. We all should show compassion and humanity.
It still needs to be fixed!
Thank you, Senators!
Maize Hirono is an Amazon Warrior for the American people in the Senate!
Brava . And God bless
So, why dont WE get the insurance SHE has?
Do you have any idea WHAT THAT WOULD COST?
The problem with healthcare is 535 people are deciding on something they will never use! 
See the problem now?
Congress should NEVER BE EXEMPT from any law they pass that affects the American people.
Give us the exact same health care that Congress gets ...
Or ...
Give Congress the exact same health care that they give to us.
She makes me more proud everyday and thankful that i am american..
can u please start w amendment asap that limits insur co. from charging more than 5%- 10% of a persons income 4 full insur
#SinglePayerNow #sanders2020 @BernieSanders
An American Shero story
You are a Shero
The Lady Senator from Hawaill pleaded with the senators to have compassion and don't take healthcare from millions of people.
God bless you Senator. And speed your recovery.
Thank you for your support! I really appreciate your help. I am praying for you to get better soon.
I am SICK of this Globalist Socialism agenda!!   Frightening!!!
So frightening that millions will keep their healthcare...
This essentially is moving us toward single payer healthcare; aka "Socialism"
I hate it!!!
Again, the ACA is not single-payer. Its market-based.
I can now focus on building my career now that the democrats have built my health @SenSchumer @CoryBooker @SenWarren. Thank You!!
Prayers are with you 
Her vote was every bit as important as McCain. Thank you Senator and godspeed.
We need people like her, She really fight for us . I love her.
The failure of #Obamcare belongs to the @DNC .  Let it die a slow death.  Rates will continue to skyrocket and providers bail out.
Thank you, Senator Hirono, from Volcano/Kaneohe!
Worst thing is @realDonaldTrump doesn't give a shit, literally does not care, he's never been without $ or healthcare, @potus 4 heartattack
So much respect. So proud to call myself an Hawaiian.
Thanks for that passion and conviction and courage!
Spoken like a human being instead of a paid spokesman for the rich! #Resist
Moving. To say the least. She's trying to relate on a personal level. I hope it sticks.
Thank you, thank you, thank you. 
Very powerful. Thank you 
Both parties are finished!
GUTSY! #WonderWoman
Where you live there are LOCAL WOMEN who carry the spirit of the neighborhoods, districts, states in their words and deeds. Mazie is Hawaii
we require better representation from our elected officials, if they have better health care than their constituents that sends a message
The people of Hawaii -- and the U.S. -- are well served by someone like this distinguished, resilient Senator. Wish full, speedy recovery.
Great speech from a great human being. Forget the adjectives - are those who don't listen human beings at all?
Asking elected working4the People @SenateGOP would be like asking a Mom2take care of her kids,should be a given but here we are...U work4US!
Wonderful, thank you so much!
My prayers b with those whom may lose healthcare n USA ,none of those propaganda songs means a damn thing when ur dead !
Female congresspeople are showing up as THE STRONGEST FORCE in battling the current disregard for Americans in need. #WonderWomen
It was so moving, honest and compelling.  Thank you Senator and everyone who helped tonight.
Thank you, @maziehirono, for asking the Qs on all of our minds. Are you listening, @SenJohnMcCain?  We need you.
Thank you, Senator.  I needed that.
Thank you
She had me crying.
God bless her
Watching CSPAN2 tonite until the end. Thanks to Senate Dems for everything are trying to do to save lives!
Heart wrenching
Thank you Senators!  Keep healthcare for all!  We are all one diagnosis from a health crisis, all need affordable care, careers in future!
 so wonderful Gettin to know our heroes and sheros! 
getting! Pardon my rare typo! 
.@SenateDems ~ the @GOP secret  they believe the sick, poor & elderly will begin mass suicide & achieve their goal  PURGE liabilities.
If you avoid watching one thing tonight, make it Chuck Schumer's speech apologizing for Harry Reed's leadership. Grow a pair Chuck!
I love you, Mazie.
@SenJohnMcCain I hope u saw this.Please b a hero 4 all of us Americans who need but can't afford healthcare.It's a matter of life or death.
You know republicans have no compassion
Thank you 
I have no words. I can only say it with one emoji.....
Thank you, Senator Hirono! I salute you From Fear To Fierce 
You mean a Republican man didn't tell her to shut up and sit down
@maziehirono Thank you and may be have complete health!
*she
If only they all understood the spitit of Mahalo. Mahalo Senator, Mahalo for your service and patriotism.
Nice acting. We don't believe anything a politician says! We look for actions! Dems ignored the people and suffered 1000s of losses!
At least invite an avenue of private options.
Genocide is the ultimate form of voter suppression. Any senator that votes to take away healthcare from 16 million people is a mass murderer
Still can't figure out their ultimate goal. Clearly, money. But they were planning to kill their own voters too. We need to know why.
Because most Medicaid and ACA beneficiaries vote for Democrats.
Rural Michigan Trumpites get the majority of our Medicaid $$$, while pushing the Fox News stereotype that it's urban blacks who misuse it.
