Gorsuch harkens back to the days when politicians restricted a people’s rights on a whim. That is a very dangerous view to our liberty.
So you'll be joining the filibuster I presume?

No senator who believes individual rights are reserved to the people, not the government, can support Gorsuch’s nomination.
resist
Thanks to Obama and Dems, male students in college have little to no due process https://reason.com/blog/2017/01/31/amherst-student-expelled-for-sexual-misc … Where were u then?
He's also the Loch Ness Monster. #SCOTUS
What?
And your tweet represents a breathtaking flight from reality, you egregious hypocrite.
I've never seen someone get destoyed on twitter like you just did! Answer these people, you owe it to them! Or are you a coward?
[citation needed]
Please stand your ground!
Like he did 1st time around?
.@RonWyden  represents a breathtaking denial that  Gorsuch is a Constitutional Originalist. Also, he voted to confirm him to Circuit Court.
Here we go...
Didn't you vote to confirm him for his current position?
None of this is true. Get the facts straight and don't be such a drama queen.
Hm. Clinton, Obama, Wyden voted ‘yea’ on this nominee in the past. What’s changed?
lol. Thanks for going above and beyond for our rights and those of @Snowden 
I guarantee @RonWyden had this tweet ready to go before Trump made his decision.
oh puhleeeeeze
please back up your ridiculous statement
your party fines me for not buying something.
LOL!  The unhinged left continues
Lol !  You clown.
Um - Senate confirmed Gorsuch by unanimous voice vote in July '06, - did that include you, senator?
why yes it did.
Senate also unanimously voted for Merrick Garland. Gee, wonder whatever happened to him...
Tell me which President had a SCOTUS nominee seated in the final year of their presidency.
Reagan you dumb fucking bastard.
Thank you, you mewling quim.
pls explain where he has gone a drift of fundamental constitutional rights? U would probably object to Jesus Christ too
but dude, you voted to confirm him in 06?
as you are my senator I demand U support this nomination now.
Senator, would you mind telling us why, if he’s so terrible, you voted to confirm him in 2006? https://twitter.com/RonWyden/status/826598790303870976 …
you voted for him once before https://twitter.com/AndrewWMullins/status/826598116904333312/photo/1pic.twitter.com/DBvIyWv1pB 
So you are telling us you are voting no?  Will you be promoting a no vote to your colleagues? #scotus
Remember when you voted to confirm him in 06' Ron?
Then why did you confirm him in 2006? You don't want Americans to have rights? Dude, that's messed up  @RonWyden
This is nothing more than party politics. You are grandstanding.
LOL
You ought to actually read the Constitution @RonWyden . Jerk.
I love the fact that you safe seat Democrats seem hell-bent on taking your party to irrelevance.
@tullyframe @RonWyden Oh he's not that safe. We are getting term limits to get rid of these IRRELEVANT INSIGNIFICANT DEMS
I'm glad there is such a thing as "Turn Oregon Red". Not much confidence, though.
I can't tell if you're mentally impaired, ideologically blinded, or opportunistically grandstanding.
at least two outa three...
And he kicks puppies and ruins piano recitals @BenSasse
you approved him before - nothing has changed. Approve Gorsuch now!
breathtaking? U have no idea what U R talking about. Gorsuch is a fine man&a superb candidate for SC.1 of the best in many decades
Come now you jest. Let's at least be truthful in our characterizations of others
Plus Gorsuch believes in the Constitution about 20,000 times more than you do. You believe in "rights" that aren't listed in it.
oh shut up.
If he represents such a threat to Constitutional rights, why did you vote for him in 2006?
let's have the evidence please
Gorsuch represents a return to the notion that Americans' rights are outlined by the Constitution, not granted by judges.
stop fear mongering man no one believes all these lies 
Being a Democrat means having the luxury of fluid principles.

Fortunately not.  He believes the fundamental rights are in the Constitution.  You can't add to what's there without amendment
Not by whim becasuse you wish them to be there
didn't you vote for him in 2006?
make those Nuns buy birth control!
.@RonWyden
Thank you, Senator! Please continue to oppose the Bannon / Trump agenda. #indivisible #resist #obstruct
I wish I knew how to spell that noise you make when stuff spurts out your nose, your tweet is THAT ridiculous!!
, thank you.
@repblumenauer AMERICA DEMANDS BLOCK ALL APPOINTEES UNTIL OBAMA SCOTUS HONORED OR GOP STACKING SUPREME CT IS TREASON!
And.....which rights are those @RonWyden? Grab a salt shaker friend, words and crow taste like shit without some seasoning.
terrifying isn't it.  #resist
Fight.  Oregon is behind you.  Fight everything.  Everything.
That's such a ridiculous statement. You people aren't even worth paying attention to
go sit down..LOSER
you make such ridiculous statements
He's got more qualifications in his pinky 2 b on SC than u have in ur entire body to be in the Senate.
Seriously?
The only thing breathtaking here is your sheer audacity. How can you say such things with a straight face.
Shh.
Maybe you should be studying and thinking of the actual fundamental Constitutional rights of the people.
Take a Valium, Sen. Wyden.
You sir are either ignorant or confused as regarding this judge. With his credentials there is no argument.
Says a man whose party promotes imaginary group rights that don’t exist detrimental 2 individual rights that do exist. #nicetry
"Breathtaking" - sure it does
your tears taste great
Yo dude. Didn't you vote to confirm him in 2006?
And we're off! Right out of the gate!
Lol
So why did you vote for him in 2006 for the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals?  Seems a little hypocritical to say this now?
let's just save this family from graceless attaches such as this and go nuclear from the beginning.  Save the hot air.
attacks. Stupid auto correct.
Sounds perfect!
That's absurd. Gorbachev believes strongly in rights explicitly in Constitution but not those invented by liberal jurists.
Why should Gorsuch get a vote?
Garland didn't
Your nanny state is what takes away American's rights. You win #stupidtweetoftheday.
"Breathtaking"?  Drama queen, much?
and yet you have voted for him b4 #hypocrite #liar
Don't even talk about him. This seat belonged to #MerrickGarland and only a moderate like him should even receive a mention by Ds.
no that seat belonged to the American ppl
The seat belonged to the American people, but GOP wouldn't give Garland a hearing for partisan reasons.
do you know how many 2nd term presidents got a Justice seated last year of their term? (Hint: less than 1/2.)
Hint, how many Supreme Ct. nominees never got a hearing because the other party stonewalled for that long? 1.
If you're ticked about the tactic and its results for the Court, thank VP Biden.
But when Bush nominated people, Biden held the hearings. Voted them down, but I'm ok with that.
no the document does evolve Libtard!
you can't possibly believe this
sir, you know better. Show some courage.
<Insert name> represents a breathtaking retreat..blah blah blah..so predictable..
Take a breath & read this from Pres Obama's Solicitor General-> "Why Liberals Should Back Neil Gorsuch https://nyti.ms/2jSVHFo "
it took you 11 mins to slander him!! You're such a disgrace!  He is incredibly qualified.  Stop with all the drama and hyperbole!
Blah blah, wahhhhhh.  He will be confirmed.
Bloody hell 
@RonWyden
As a Libertarian, I'd expect more from you.  
breathtaking? huh? Yet you previously voted to confirm him to the bench.
Such a crazy flaming mindless Liberal, thank you for not disappointing.
Didn't you vote for Gorsuch in 2006? At least be upfront with us & say you are following party lines. 
Ronnie is just UPSET that Republicans Used the Biden Rule! That's the Democrats Rule! Nobody else can use it.

that is not true.  Shame on you
Or a breathtaking faith in relying on those most directly accountable to elections.  Congress.
why did you vote for him the last time his nomination was before you?.....
you hack
unanimously confirmed 2006.  Y'all musta forgot.#yallmustaforgot
I think you have taken retreat from your senses.
Now that kinda depends on how you define rights, doesn't it? #Constitutional #EqualRights or #Specialrights to groups?
Is that why you voted to confirm him as a federal judge?
Hey, I just saw your photo next to the definition of 'Partisan Hack', @RonWyden
here we go. The drama begins...and it starts with 'breathtaking'.
Wrong.  Again.
Oregon always votes blue look how fucked up Portland is now
i mean, fight him because Garland got screwed...but stop with these outright lies.  It's beneath you.
Took you a month to come up with that dumb tweet
why did you vote for confirmation in 2006?
@repblumenauer I expect blatant, determined obstructionism. #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland4SCOTUS #merrickgarlandorbust #resist
did you just come out of a bar ?
get a grip, you lisping twit
Liar. You voted to confirm him to the federal judiciary in 2006, remember?
who writes this crap?
. @RonWyden Based on their activist decisions that better describes Sotomayor or Kagan
Someone hacked your Twitter account.
.@RonWyden That's why you and @SenJeffMerkley must block him. That, AND the fact that this #SCOTUS seat was stolen from Obama.
Guess how this ends. Supreme Court Justice Gorsuch. @realmevw @Indivisible_OR @RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley
If this is "breathtaking," YOU recuse and resign for #Unanimous2006 indiscretion!
ROFL - Senator Moron
is babbling on Twitter...not making sense...
 ???
Idiot
"Breathtaking"?  How so?  Are you employing @POTUS "truthful hyperbole?
Then you must have been under hypnosis when you voted for him, right? Consistency called, they say you’ve been missing for a while
Your are such a hypocrite.  Why did you vote to confirm him in 2006?
I hope you support @SenJeffMerkley and his filibuster
So did you have his pre written just waiting to type the name in?
Stick with the sinking ship Ron
First one out with the recycled talking point.
You literally have no thought independent of what @RonWyden cryin' Chuck Schumster tells you to say, do you.
You ought to get out of Portland once in awhile.
what the hell are you talking about?  At least make sense when you talk please.
and just how do U come away with that idiotic opinion?..makes u sound so elitely arrogant-you R A FRAUD Ronnie "the liar"Why-den?
Are you deranged????
liar
You sir are a part of a movement that has, and will continue to erode our liberty and freedoms.
Didn't you vote for him in 2006?
"breathtaking" !!! Wow
you seem to be suffering from Trump Derangement Syndrome. Playing to the base is one thing but you appear crazy! #resistance
do you not know that people can look at you past votes and statement?  Hack
lol
Wyden represents a breathtaking retreat from the notion that Liberals have any true objectivity. 
The U.S. Constitution protects our rights. Its text should be followed by judges.
Senator says something 180 degrees out of phase with voters.  Expect a lot of that in the next 4 years. Pathetic.
Yes-Judge #Gorsuch disagrees with basic idea of Human dignity, from Justice Kennedy http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2013/06/27/196280855/explaining-justice-kennedy-the-dignity-factor … #SCOTUS
since you always stand for American rights first before your own political party. Then which rights is Gorsuch not protecting?
you voted yes on his confirmation?
no hearing, no vote!
didn't you vote to confirm him in 2006? Such a hack!
That whole 2006 elephant in the room. You're just going to ignore it and hope it goes away?
because of his record of upholding the Constitution?!
In THAT case, why did vote YES so he could be on the federal bench? Seriously asking.
reaching with your eyes shut.
You are so unbelievably dishonest. You know this isn't true.
Your doctor needs to adjust your meds.
You only care about hard-left policies, you ignore the rest of us. R's are majority, thanks to Reid, he will be confirmed.
Losing. Justice Gorsuch in 3, 2, 1....
yet you voted  to confirm him to federal bench
The falsehood of this statement is breathtaking.
you are a clown!
Dear @RonWyden: As your constituents, my husband and I encourage you to NEVER confirm #Gorsuch for #SCOTUS.
then why'd you approve him in 2006?
don't be a schmuck
Keep resisting! We've got your back, Senator!
your stupidity is mind-numbing.
With all the respect that's due, Mr. Senator, that's just partisan hogwash.
Educated at Harvard and Oxford, 10 years on the bench, known for the cerebrality of his decisions

"BUT IS HE A WOMAN?!?!?!"
What a maroon.
MT @RonWyden: Gorsuch represents a breathtaking retreat from the notion that Americans have fundamental Constitutional rights.

#SCOTUS
LOL
Democrat obstruction of a highly qualified and decent nominee like Gorsuch will have but one outcome.
You represent a breathtaking retreat from reality.
Then please explain your vote to confirm him in 2006?
Wyden must think this isn't publicly available information, lol.
Wyden knows the Fake News media won't report it.
