Republicans are not showing up to theirTown Hall Meetings.It's okay,We'll be glad to take up the slack.And about that new bill, don't bother
FYI @AGSchneiderman @MaxineWaters @maddow Y'all sld report 2 the SEC Tom Price bought Raytheon stock right b4 trumps PR stuntattack on Syria
It sucks to be locked out. You reap what you sow. #stopbitchingandgettowork #DoYourJob
@AGSchneiderman @MaxineWaters @maddow FyI in case u don't know Adam Khan discovered corrupt McConnell took $2M from Russian during  election
Do we the people have hope of surviving this mess? GOP is full of do-nothings and know-nothings. At least not do nothing for WE the PEOPLE.
The @GOP are just spiteful. They refuse to accept ANYTHING in the bill that doesn't benefit them-Contribute 0 to better America or world
Stay on top of this @SenateDems we are depending on all of you
And this time without any of the Dems pork but the last one was a Republican rider filled shitstorm of their doing while blaming Pres. Obama
This system is all politicians fault for allowing it to continue while empowering yourself with rhetoric filled dribble to stay in power
Sorry, they'll watching impeachment proceedings this summer. Shouldn't have sold their soul to trump. #VoteThemOut
Things not happening quick enough need to storm the WH and shut them down
not unless a certain president resigns or gets impeached. #trumprussia isn't going anywhere. it's accelerating faster.

Glad you are on it + the "voluminous pile of papers" intel committee has to go thru --> follow the $ (and the body trail too)
Keep us informed and do all you can...so proud to have you as my senator!
The only thing @SenateMajLdr will be passing...is through his jail cell doors after he is convicted of Treason against the United States.
Ahahaha. The CBO report hasn't even come out yet. No one wants this shitty healthcare pack soulless corporate brown nosers.
Republicans love the fact everybody is crawling up #PutinsPuppet s ass. Meanwhile they are ransacking the country. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp

At least somebody is working on Health Care.  You just seem to sit and do nothing on this subject
Tom Price looks like a walking heart attack. I see prison or the ICU in his future.
Wow @SecPriceMD  Talk about summer blockbusters! 
And we are determined to get an Impeachment Bill out of the House about then too!
Exciting
Reminder Dems successfully wrote a terrible health care bill and shoved it down our throats.  Funny, pot calling the kettle black.
Ron Wyden for President
Do you ever work? No I guess not, you just complain. And that is why you will be fired puppet! No independent thinking, dance  to handler.
Then Dems better show some courage for once and stand up to these monsters or all will be lost.
You are saying the Senate is working exactly as it should. Surprise!
Their other eye should be in losing the House in 2018.
https://twitter.com/atleecs/status/863035537959120897 …
When there are solutions to strengthen the weaknesses in the ACA.  States consider a penny tax to fund the Medicaid expansion.  That's 1cent
Remember when Wyden cared about openness and inclusion in writing the previous terrible health care bill? Me neither. He's a partisan hack.
Or to gover norquist. I'm so disappointed with the republicans. In 51 yrs. I've never seen things this corrupt. Reagan was bad but this. Wow
Worthless. I can't take GOP seriously at all. It's a joke. They are all a bunch of liars & hypocrite!
It's a bad amendment to an existing bad bill!
Ya, bill Mayer said "dont get lost in the circus while the RMocs are stealing your car.
The GOP better think again.  Affordable health care is a right!
The only way for them to get their healthcare bill passed is by an #illegitimatePresident
That's rich after the way you guys forced the ACA through.
@RonWyden - I know you like to follow the money. Saw this today and thought you might be interested
Can we file an ethics complaint on that?
They blame Democrats for being unwilling to work with them. Umm how many Dems did they invite to participate in the healthcare conversation?
And they're trying to sucker people with amendments that superficially seem ok. Like @RepTenney nonsense.
Unacceptable, especially coming from someone like Price who lied to the Senate.
Reminder:@TheDemocrats said I could keep my insurance and my doctor. 
They lied!

Gonna be a long hot summer... for them
Unless other events intervene . . .
*Shut down* the Senate until there is a 9/11 type independent bipartisan investigation commission into #TrumpRussia
Yes, let's not forget the AHCA threat. GOP is beyond the pale when it comes to morality. Just. F...ing. Dungheap. Material.
My prediction: most of them will be gone by then
I pray you are right.
Are you going to be able to stop it?  The Reps' constituents have certainly made their for Obamacare clear but they aren't listening.
In August? The month of the great US full eclipse? Wouldn't bet on that.
@KsKM3 @SenateGOP @politico The fun never ends on Uncle Donnie's Cavalcade of Whimsical Mayhem!
Sen., plz make sure it's not wrongfully treated as reconciliation.
And no woman are involved in writing it either.
yes remember GOP has lot's of raping & pillaging to do before they get more than "miffed" at Trump's Russian improprieties
Not gonna happen! They want to kill off poor & elderly, we are still America & ready to do whatever it takes to keep our humanity, TY for 
Does McConnell get his money from Ukraine?
I think they all do.
Reminder...price is guilty of insider trading
Just keep it up GOP next pissed off voters will be Your base
Yes, while completely ignoring the disaster the Mad King is unleashing.
You were invited to attend months ago and you decided to not participate.
Look into @SenateMajLdr 's finances as part of #TrumpRussia probe.

