Thank you Senator!!!  Get em!
didnt you just legalize cocaine and heroin in your state n now u cry about health care.. u are a fricken fool,no wonder Oregon is a failure
they didn;t legalize cocaine and heroine
#NiceTry Oregon bill decriminalizes possession of heroin, cocaine and other drugs
Where in that article does it mention legalization? Only decriminalization, a good step forward towards legalization, which is ideal imo
Shows how ignorant you are then.
Are you trolling? or are you legit calling me ignorant for saying decriminalization is different from legalization
it does not matter tool looking the other way on it is just shoving the problem under the rug.
drug users do not deserve prison
knock them out
No matter what happens the American people thank u for all u have done. U are a true hero!
Thanks Senator Wyden
Keep up the great work protecting Oregonians! Thank you for fighting! #resist
Ty your for keeping us updated.  Everyone else has left us (the ones that pay their salaries) out in the cold with no way of knowing...
what is being decided about our futures.
Thank-you for fighting for us. This vote is heartbreaking.
Thank you for being our voice!  Fight the good fight.  I appreciate you!
Thank you Sir!
Thank you Senator Wyden.
The Travesty is the #ACA in complete failure and you still want it. It has failed by every metric of measure. FAILED!
Keep fighting for us!!
On behalf of millions of Americans, THANK YOU!!
It was a good speech.
Thank you Senator Wyden! Speak loud & proud! I hope they really *heard* you! You're the best!
Thank you for staying strong!!!
I hope to hear you be a leader and stand up for the women senators who are being bullied by our president for standing up for Americans!
Need help today not endless dreams and continued Obstruction. Dump OC now costs us dearly!! Retired but not old enough!
Thank you
Thank you! I loved the 'trashcan' note of your 5 minutes. Easy to understand. Good to say it doesn't follow the TRump Promises/
Hey @RonWyden did they bring beer this time to celebrate the downfall of America?
I thought defunding @PPFA takes this out of budget reconciliation and requires 61 votes? What happened to this rule, Senator?
Please keep fighting for us.
Thank you again! So glad you are there representing our state! 
Thank you, Ron!! 
Thank you for representing Oregonians and all citizens of this nation. Our Health Care should not be politicized. #SaveACA
Thank you!
Thank you for speaking for affordable healthcare for all Americans tonight, @RonWyden.
Costs us half our income!!!!!!!!! Help now!
Give'em hell Ron. Oregon stands with you.
Thank you for fighting so hard against this bill!!
Tell them for me they totally suck as human beings if they vote without reading it!!
Good job Senator!
Thank you!
Keep fighting, I stand with you Senator
Wish you could have been there for US in 2009 when you created Gojira in the first place!  #RepealObamacare #RepealACA
Thank you and keep fighting.
Thank you Ron. Tell them what a fraud this bill is.
Well said
Obamacare is the travesty.
DONALD DUCK IN THE HOUSE
you were wonderful! <3
as an Oregonian retired Combat vet Im all for killing Obamacare...healthcare is a privilege not a right!
Thank you my dear Senator!
THANK YOU, SENATOR! <3
So glad you’re speaking. Give them hell
Thank you Senator! You are appreciated!
Thank you, Senator Wyden. You asked how will you all be able to explain this: "The Republicans did this. Vote them out in 2018!"
Thank you, Senator!
Well spoken. Thank you
Well said, Senator.
live look at you:
Thank you for your hard work. It's not going unnoticed.
Go full Al Pacino in Justice For All - 'This bill is out of order, the Senate is out of order, the whole system is out of order!'
You're my Champion, Sir.

Well spoken, Senator. Thank you.
Thank you Senator!!
Finally some well placed outrage. Thank you.
Thank you for fighting the good fight  @RonWyden!
Get em!! Save America!
Thank you for speaking up. We may not be sleeping soundly tonight, but we're fortunate we have you to be our voice.
I'm watching.  Thank you for representing Oregon well right now.
Listening, and so proud of you!
Shhh this is not Europe Here in America we value freedom and Choice
Yes you are and you are making a fool of yourself too! How many amendments did you offer to the bill?
Thank you, Senator!
R u going to pay my 7,000.00 deductible? If not, sit down and shut up.
thank you!
Give em hell
Time to bring it, my man. You're badass.
Watching you on CSPAN. Thank you for your strong arguments against this immoral, outrageous bill.
SSHHUFFERIN SSHHUCATASSHH
Thank you, Thank you!
CBO says premiums will go up 20% EVERY YEAR
Ty, Sir.
Give 'em hell, Senator!
We are watching.
Go go go go.
Love you Ron!
My Senators are the bet. Thank you! Go Oregon.
Thank you!
Thank you, so proud you're my senator.
Get em
i see you boo! thank you Senator for fighting for our health!
Give 'em hell, Wyden
Why are 50/52 republican senators so heartless? LMK
You sound like Sylvester the Cat.
Keep it up, Senator!
Thank you Ron!  @SenJohnMcCain Vote No!
great job !
Shame on you! You do not represent me.
Give em hell!!! Thanks, Senator!!
Thank you Senator Wyden!
Your speech is great!
So proud of you and @SenJeffMerkley
Salem supports you!!
GOP's Genocide through fake legislative process. They are evil and I wish they could be impeached and kicked out.
A little too dramatic!!!
Thank you for working so hard on this.
Go get em, Ron.
Thank God you got a chance to speak.
