#TrumpBudget is brainless. It is heartless. And it relies on Madoff-style accounting tricks.
#TrumpBudget is a giveaway to special interests at the expense of kids, working families & seniors.
#TrumpBudget cuts care for kids under bipartisan program (CHIP) that provides health insurance for 8 million+ kids. KIDS. Unbelievably cruel
#TrumpBudget slashes #Medicaid by over $600 billion, putting kids’ care & seniors’ nursing home benefit on the chopping block.
It cuts $33 BILLION from #Medicare. Which Trump promised not to touch.
#TrumpBudget decimates SNAP benefits. Nearly 7 million Oregonians have counted on SNAP in the past 10 years.
A budget = priorities. With #TrumpBudget, Trump’s made it even clearer what his are: special interests not working families.
And Planned Parenthood belongs in the dumpster.
You got this right:
Not sure who you are referring to...
That's because it's a perverted question, but then again...liberals love filth and perversion. John Podesta is the Democrat mouthpiece 4 it.
It's time to put able bodied people to work.  Welfare was not designed stay on, it was designed to help you until you got work again.
You can still collect welfare and work full time?
You most certainly cannot collect welfare in Canada even if you have money in the bank and lost your work.
you can collect welfare in Canada and have money in the bank?  I have never heard of this before.
It took yrs to pull out of recession caused by GOP. These idiots are at it again w/no Obama to the rescue. We need Senate back in 2018.
That is where you live. F#%& YOU @
#RepublicanValues #RichGetRicher #WhatMiddleClass #ProfitOverPeople now people with disabilities will become homeless no coverage
Mr Wyden should sit in a corner and wait for his puppeteer to pull his strings....speaking on his own is dangerous.
Are you sure? If we recycle we will see it again. This needs to go to hazardous waste disposal, perhaps Hanford.
It'd make good compost though because it's bullshit.
POTUS knows budget will b torn apart by Dems. He's a great negotiator & this 1st draft is a good start. HELP him help us!
Actually it is where YOU belong. Trash to the trash.
Please help a pathetic senior w/ a tiny twitter voice. Take & RT my Ryan quote poll. Criticism of the poll welcomed (but not the begging).
You're my friend...you never need to ask.
I don't think that Donald BELIEVES in recycling. This kind of material flow to his beleives must be NON-EXISTENT...
you too
U
If you did your job & STOP the FRAUD in Food Stamps, Medicaid etc...then cuts wont touch any1 who truly needs them!! #STOPTHEFRAUD
'Trumbpty Dumbpty' should be charged with "Grand Theft" on a national scale!. Stealing our hard earned money to promote himself!.
thanks, this Oregon voter has your back. Keep up the fight.
Can't we just use it as fertilizer?
That's where you belong @RonWyden you lying, self-serving hack.

Boy you are REALLY clueless!!!!
I doubt the president read what is in his own budget.
I do believe in recycling .....but this isn't even worth recycling what a waste of trees
You guys are so clever. And original. Keep it up.
Can we theow Trump in the wastebasket too?
This is what happens when the DNC Candidate is more of a War Hawk than the Republican Candidate. SHAME ON #DNC
That is where your misguided career needs to be. Being a tool for the left doesn't allow you to be anti-American. GROW-UP!
they are dangerous for our country. They are radical. Jail them and their families(Trump supporters)and RE-educate them with force
any people who support this budget, need to be rounded up and put in concentration camps. When Trump is out, jail his supporters!!
American Greatness?  For who?  Trump and his crime family?
Exactly where the Obama Budget ended up. Not a coincidence. Problem is we need massive spending cuts. MASSIVE !!!!!
I would think more like an incinerator
Normally I'm an adamant recycler - but this budget belongs in the garbage!
No, it needs to go into the incinerator, the problem is they keep trying to recycle bad ideas.

Oh the budget that is $20 trillion in debt and rising daily. Any bright ideas you have Ron?
I love this. Thank you
Better to shred it altogether. No one benefits from recycled cruelty.
Oh, come on! Couldn't you have at least taken a chainsaw to it? We all want to be like Rand Paul amiright!? LOL
Even the Recycle Bin won't except it; The #TrumpBudget belongs in a Landfill where it can Decompose.
why are they even killing trees printing this none sense!
A new foundation for American greatness.....what mental wizard came up with that title...
Never realized  fully 'til this year that bullshitting was actually a career choice.
I know, hopelessly naïve. #TrumpRussia #GOPtraitors
Im not sure that Trump's toxic garbage should be recycled, but its headed in the right direction.
Now if we could just fit him in there with it, we'd be set. #trumpbudget is the root of all evil.
And him with it
Why release something they'd know was doa ?  That's a lot of trees to start a bargaining position from.
They probably found the Reagan budget and picked it out of the trash.
Don't think so, but you liberal Dems belong in Jail for all your corruption and ruing our major cities!
SHRED IT!
Too kind. I would use a shredder to prevent that insanity from ever resurfacing.
Not enough wasted spending for you two?  How is the special prosecutor doing on investigating election tampering  I mean the DNC tamper
You can't recycle toxic substances like this.
Not "recycle" - let's never use it again.
better shred it before it gets "recycled"
No way. Trash can! I'm all for recycling, but there is nothing redeemable about the budget except that it shows EXACTLY the values of @potus
I would have put it in a bonfire or furnace - but I'll settle for the recycle bin!! #resist
HELL YEAH!!!
thank you for recycling. what a waste of precious trees.
Send it my way... I'll wipe my @$$ with it... 
@realDonaldTrump
At least he did one.
turn it into compost and feed the plants
Please, not the recycling bin! It should be shredded!! Anything that's recycled has the tendency to come back!
Trump belongs in the trash as well
That's where Obamacare should've gone.
This budget shows us exactly what Trump feels about America, and Americans. He is out to screw you. Yes, YOU!
@SierraClub they wouldn't recycle tho 
Nothing "Great" or American about that garbage!
you make me proud to to be an Oregonian    and yes, I voted for you and will again! thanks for representing the people!
Hope it gets recycled into toilet paper...
You need to do your job and work with him not against him!
Real mature. Sure am glad we have such a professional politician representing our state.
Go ahead and set them here ... in my filing cabinet.
Oh great. Now I'm going to need to wash my hands whenever I get a recycled paper bag... Don't touch that! Just imagine what it's been!
You're too kind. It needs to be fed to some large herbivores so they can turn it into what it actually is: excrement.

Nothing with class.... ceilings should be double the height.... silly
Why are you against someone who wants to help America 
And yet love Obama  ( I'm assuming)
Who destroyed our country
Agree.
Total hypocrisy! It took Dems 6 years to get a budget together. It took Trump less than six months.
Hopefully sooner rather than later!!
Funny, those ideas constantly get recycled.
It's a Trump rally in written form. #doa #aynrandsucks @JoelByronBarker
Actually it belongs in a shredder
Naw throw it in the trash
That's where you need to be sir!
burn pile is better cant let any of it get recycled
And where did your budget go? Same place. You are such an idiot.
As if democrats budgets were so honest. Check out how all that money government got from quantum easing went to democratic cronie and unions
I wouldn't even recycle that, it's garbage.
What would you guys know about a budget??
If Democrats didn't steal so much money, the President wouldn't have to be so frugal. You can't just keep spending the way you do.
The president is not frugal. He is re-distributing American wealth to the richest .01%. You and your family will pay for your ignorance.
Because you're not for Americans!
why are recycling all that perfectly good toilet paper?
GTH
Wonder what would happen if I did this to a Federal Document.  Shows how unprofessional the liberal side of congress is
...I do mean to be petty when I say it easily cost $139,150 to PRINT 535 copies of #trumpbudget Congress better get a revelation of #Dropbox
I hope to shake your hand at Saturday's town hall meeting -- thank you for being real.
Thank you Senator Widen for letting it be known that this budget is TRASH #ImpeachTrump
#trumpbudget should be called what it is: "A New Foundation For American Greediness"
and your recycling, double burn.
Christ! Don't recycle it! The GOP will take that as a sign to bring it around again once it's rejected.
Very mature! A great way to show us how the senate is TRYING to work together for ALL of your constituents, AKA the American taxpayers!
And his cabinet pics, the whole damn presidency!
#UnderpantsGnomesEconomics
Say it in public. If you really care about us....say it. #trumpbudget
What a wretched title for a budget that is grievously harmful to our country. Utterly shameful.
So you liked Obama's budget that doubled the debt in 8 years. I think that your reelection is going there too.
Thanks for sharing!! Would love to throw more than that budget into the trash!
I personally wouldn't bother recycling. Just take it outside and bury it!
So proud to have you on our side!! Thank you Senator
Thank you for recycling.
I was thinking more of a hazmat site.
Thank you, Mr. Wyden.
I trust your assessment as much as CNN, not at all
Absolute waste of ink and paper.
Burn it!   
Actually, that's where you belong! New Yorker! Liberals, political correctness, open borders, over spending, big gov, ruining USA
The same filing system used for all your good ideas
@chrislhayes @allinwithchris @realDonaldTrump is Salesman w/o Conscience,Who think people lives are TRANSACTIONAL & U.S. Value is negotiable
#TrumpBudget 
GOP can't EVER GO HOME AGAIN!
Sell your house in your district!
Move!
Go Underground!
Go Abroad!
Tell the Kids!
Crate Pets!
they should light a match to it
@Sibenjam truth
Totally agree with you Sen. Wyden. And you all better make sure that is where it does wind up.
This is where Trump belongs
Can you find some room for Mulvaney in there?
A recycling bin is too generous for this bill. You gotta treat it like a zombie; you shoot it in the head and then burn it.
Socialism Sucks when you run out of other peoples money.
Good to see you recycle.
Just keep spending and fleecing those suckers, called tax-payers! CHANGE IS Permanent, establishment R-Ds are the same $hite #waste
Toxic waste though don't recycle
Hey big hearted environment saving, culture rotting, innocence destroying libtards, why don't you sign over all your wealth to your lib god
And Trump and the @GOP.
Why are you so mean & divisive? Is it because you don't know how to be a leader to all Oregonians? Just east coast liberal types.
Here, would be best.
Tell us what you really think, sir!! Thank you for fighting for everyone!
if nothign else.. at least it's a cheap source of material to recycle into new paper..
Half of Americans will go bankrupt under Trump/GOP ASAP!
The Trump Budget is the ebola of finance, an extinction event!
http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/334834-gop-senators-bristle-at-trumps-medicaid-cuts … #liarinchief promised Save Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security without cuts. Have to do it." #Impeach45
Here’s a list of the agencies and programs Trump’s budget would defund entirely
Mind you the cuts are over a 10 year period.
Same place Obama budgets should've gone with the dismantlement and disrespect toward service members and veterans.
Thank you, Senator, for fighting the good fight! @RonWyden
Recycled items are made to be reused in some way. The #TrumpBudget should be banished to the depths of hell & damnation, never to return.
Wow
Great ideal can we include Trump/ Pence/GOP along with it please
Amen to that!  Throw in a few Republicans too!
Very eco-friendly 
Damn straight! Nothing like doing NOTHING to help congress figure out what to vote for!
Given the partisan nature of the #gop #senate & #house, this drivel may pass. Only recourse would be to vote against #gop in 2018 election.
Explain this! http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-officials-caseworker-stole-300k-from-link-for-shoes-friends-church-20150716-story.html … #trumpbudget No, he is TOTALLY right! Tired of folks stealing programs meant for those in need! #GOP3
Some things are simply too toxic even attempt to recycle. Maybe seal it up with the other high-level toxic waste....
@SMShow That's way too nice I would have picked the shitter for President Cheeto
That's a recycling bin though and I don't want Trump's budget plans to come back...
Yep
And where it will end up.
So do u
yes, but didn't the GOP cancel recycling when they went back to styrofoam takeout containers?
It doesn't even pass grammatically lmao
Senator how about get jobs to your supporters and get them off assistance. We have a 19 trillion deficit. The free ride must stop
Let's see your plan to balance the budget then.
No it should be shot into space
thank you for always recycling. A true Oregonian, senator @RonWyden !!
With recycling it's very important to separate good quality materials from contaminants. Maybe put in compost, with dirty pizza boxes?
Mulvaney worked 4 Koch.He just wants welfare programs gone & will use ANY pretence 2 do it
#socialism is the only answer 2 corporate anarchy
Can we at least recycle this monstrosity and put it to good use as something else?
Up his behide would be a better place
#MakeAmericaGreenAgain


Trump wanted to veto the budget, but also did not want a shutdown either.. he was advised by Bannon and other to cave in and sign it..
That was a good bi-partisan effort to keep the government open. The new budget is worrisome.
I think that's where you belong. Since you do a lot for your own state. 
Agree. Thank you.
THATS WHERE YOU BELONG IN THE TRASH BECAUSE THATS WHAT YOU ARE.
