JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 

Please, support #MedicareForAll Stop taking money from insurance companies. As an Oregonian who is proud of her Senators, this is upsetting
Sounds good. Looking forward to 40% + income tax with fewer deductions. Money to cover does not grow on trees. ARE YOU IN?
Everyone should be willing to pay taxes to ensure every American has healthcare.  In reality taxes would go up, but expenses would go down.
Good thought. We shall see. No details have ever been laid out so all of this is speculation. All the best.
Here's a link to details and the text of the bill.
NO to the idea of penalizing those that experience more success through their efforts.I am a fan of incentive, responsibility and capitalism
It isn't penalizing, it's expecting those who have benefitted greatly from our system to give a little back to elevate us all.
Sounds like you are in need of another undeserved or earned entitlement. Show some initiative and responsibility for your own actions.
Thank you for opposing this bad bill that will hurt Oregon's seniors and their families.
Thank you for continuing to fight for your constituents.
Vote no!!!!!
I am the repeal, what line do I get in! High deductibles is not HC- neither is the OHP of the 90s - stealing federal funds
Hey @RonWyden back #MedicareForAll
Here's an idea on #Healthcare: what if we all stopped fighting and actually compromised?
#PurpleHealthcare 
#CassidyGraham 
#bipartisan
That's what happens when you let a gay Senator try to do to healthcare Lindsey Graham get out of the Senate
Hahaha, thanks for that.
Can you say ANYTHING about disaster, know how Obamacare ? 
It's bad, very  !
And then? Another BS bill? We'll mobilize, but this is it, buster. We've had it with this. You & @SenateDems get with it #MedicareForAll
Why do we have to keep doing this shit. Why does congress hate us?
They don't hate us as much as they fear disappointing their donors - so they couch it in this "healthcare is an affront to liberty" bull.
So very sad for all of us!
Apparently, GOP congress does not learn.
I'd like to stop U from getting a pay check! Puppet!
#FixObamacare #Repairnotrepeal #TrumpLiesMatter #SaveLinda #Resist
M.U.S.T.B.A...Make US True BLUE Again...HILLARY TRUE
Amen! Vote NO to #GrahamCassidy!
Healthcare = life
Tell me where to be & when and I'll be there.
We are just as outraged about this as a "pussy-grabber" becoming President. @womensmarch
Since the GOP is doing this to please their donors, we should free them from having to worry about unhappy donors by voting them out
GOP at it again to inflict pain and suffering on millions of people. Wish GOP was this persistent in solving real problems faced by people
Here we go again. Stop #GrahamCassidy #ACA
Here we go again- #CassidyGrahm
Biggest wealth inequality, shit education, no healthcare, roads & bridges collapsing, elderly left to die, brink of nuclear war.  Real great
Do you really think anyone is changing Mike Lee's small mind?he only works 4 those who have $ ... those are the good people not the peons
Since they say ACA is crashing, perfect time for Medicare for all!
Can we? McCain is already lost & none of the others care one bit.
Again, they should first give up their own healthcare first.
Cosponsor Medicare for All and join 120 Democrat Representatives in the House and 17 Senators. #MedicareForAll
NO VOTE on G-C until CBO gives score & vital details like coverage losses! The way Rs are trying to sneak this thru is disgusting!
Calling our reps daily. I hope you Senate Ds have a strategy to thwart G-C. Like stopping Rs from rushing CBO b4 it has full score of bill.
I feel like Sanders has pulled focus away from this and because of that it's going to pass. If I can't get my meds I'm going to die!
Their tactic is to wear the American people down. How many times do we have to do this?  It's insane.
They won't quit will they?  They are not done until the 1% have it all and everyone else is destitute.
Please support Medicare for All

Signed, a Proud Oregonian (97210 represent!)
Too many words, can someone simplify this
WHY does the Trump Administration seem hell bent on doing away with healthcare assistance for its citizens? 
There MUST b a FREEZE ON TRUMP ACTIONS while going though Russia hearings. He could easily KNEE JERK NUCLEAR temper tantrum! #TheResistance
This bill was written  on a white board when a photo was taken with bannon in his bat cave.
Re-branding works.
As a new Oregon resident, please support #MedicareForAll , it's the approach that will do the most good, there's proof all around the world
Until then, don't lose what we have..It took us 100 years to get ACA

TheGOPin congress have black holes,no heart-they couldn't care less about doing what's good for theAmerican ppl-they want 23million hurt
Graham-Cassidy = Profit-Care , massive tax cuts for the wealthy.
Geez will they never quit!
We the People power elected #Trump45 and all those fine Republicans in our Congress to stop and repeal #Obamacare, because we don't want it.
Omg! When Will The CORRUPT GOP Stop Wanting To Kill Us!?!
But hey—the insurance industry and big pharma will prosper like never before—which is the GOP & @realDonaldTrump priority.
#Democrats are #Evil.  Do not trust them.  They are satan. Innately you know it - we all know it.  You can feel it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDrj_Swcjzw …
Let the endless horror stories begin.
@LindseyGrahamSC introduced his new new "kill the poor" #Trumpcare bill. They seem to be hell bent on causing maximum carnage in America.
Please please keep using your voice to stop this madness!
Republicans' ACA repeal bills are like agent Smith. They keep coming and every incarnation is more evil than the previous one.
Only if your governor does nothing
A tall order for @GovernorTomWolf
These people aren't listening. The politics of health care has shifted dramatically. The public option is the next step in our journey.
This health plan will kill people
This is what taxation without representation looks like
Done 
Actual copy of text needed. ACA in current form progressively worse for premium-payers and for states--designed to fail for single-payer...
Also what is your reasoning behind not supporting Medicare for all?
Another farce repeal bill @LindseyGrahamSC. We will vote you OUT of Senate. Signed, Constituent
Getting very tired of having a government that just wants to wreck up the place. Americans deserve better.
#WeThePeople should be lining up to March on the U.S. Capitol! #TrumpRussia War on Democracy must not stand. Putin attacking our Freedom.
Good ole boys okedoke; News Lead one gesture that costs $0 & another that will costs middle-class millions & in this case as many Lives
Please get on board with #MedicareForAll
WTF they are hateful!
This "new, improved" push to repeal ACA is abominable. Lindsay Graham should be ashamed for pushing this when his "friend" McCain saw the .
you could try co-sponsoring Medicare-for-All

Oh wait - that lobbyist jack is so easy to stack
#KeepAndImproveObamacare   #Bipartisanship
Republicans have to hide in shame, knowing this is absolutely wrong.
This is NOT acceptable @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain - #Trumpcare and all its forms are TERRIBLE for AZ! #VoteNo
Mobilize= Raisin Organize
Eternal Vigilance is a term that is being worn out...
Obscene
Trump would be pleased that he could finally remove the 27% of all military Veterans who rely on Medicaid
How do these fu*****people sleep at night.
ALSO medicare for all, Senator!
We need to bury the GOP. They want to kill us to their rich donors more cash. This must stop!
Such mean men.
Sure, fight this Republican crap, but also represent your constituents, and what's best for all Americans. Support the Medicare for All Act!
Trump is going to force Chuck and Nancy to vote on this our he will deport the #DACA kids....you wait and see.
We need to kick all elected federal  officials off of healthcare. Let's see how they survive.
Time to vote ron wyden out of office
So, in other words, America will be just like Russia: pain, anguish, misery for everyone.
Who compiled the summary?
@GOP has nothing to offer Americans. They're bought and paid for by big money and would sell their mothers for a buck!
Every time the try to come up with something "better" it is worse.  What happened t. Trumps you will love what we will creat for replace LIE
Here's an idea. Jump on a plan that ensures coverage for EVERYONE. Not just protect a plan that leaves 28M left out. Be bold
Lindsey Graham, the wolf in a human skin. Says one thing on TV and does the other.
Start spreading the news and contact your senators!
G-C plan may take from CA,NY,MA [Blue States] to redistribute to Red States. The #s needed to pass are close. Mobilize, resist, protest.
Call your Senators and Congress every day. Mobilize the way we did last time! That phone number is 202-221-2131.
The phone number is actually 202-224-3121. Or text to 50409.
Unbelievable! What the are these people thinking? Here's a thought, cut women's health care, men should be sterilized at birth. SPERM BANKS!
End Trump  End GOP all of this will go away
First no raise cause it will hurt businesses second cut services to give businesses tax break and Voter how come our lives don’t improve  
Anyone voting 4 this will have a place in hell! Absurd to think this would even be consider-& insult to REAL Americans with a brain- sad
WTF. How many times are they going to try this? Isn't there any other legislation they can work on?
This plan is so full of bat guano. If the Senate passes this piece of trash, we will be in serious bat guano.
Light up your congressmen and senators phones and emails. Pretend you are one of the robo callers they use when getting you to vote.
@POTUS #TrumpNazi and republicans are heartless vile corrupt cowards who would just as soon make money from death and suffering.
But why do you oppose universal healthcare for all, Ron?
People power has spoken, and we elected who wasn't so inebriated with self-importance that they'd declare themselves life's moral arbiters.
.#SaveACA #Trumpcare
Graham is penalizing people with medical conditions- bankruptcies will increase
They, the republicans, never tire of trying to make the average person suffer and enrich the already rich.
@GOP hands off our healthcare! What is your end game? Y are u trying to hurt hard working Americans!
Another Pull the Plug Plan in the pipeline.
Seems regardless of abusiveness to folks generally.
Wealthy get healthy, poor get buried.
LAME!
Support Medicare For All dammit!! Or do you value your donors over your constituents?!
.@RogueCPI @SenateDems @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Ryan and McConnell are going down for a third time.  lulz.
It would help a lot if you joined @SenJeffMerkley in support of the single payer healthcare bill
@GOP this is worse than original  bill the house passed. #resist this & 9/30 is deadline under reconciliation w pass at midnight @JoeNBC
For a brief moment I hallucinated that Lyndsey Graham was a reasonable person. This proposal sobered me up...
Universal Medicare ,stop the greedy bloodsuckers posing as caring and concerned !
Withold consent.
Sen. Wyden endorse single payer
Resist!
Says the fraud who accepts insurance company money and refuses to support Medicare for All.
@Mark_Sheppard @ASlavitt @GOP keeps coming back like a bad penny. Or that loser ex w/tiny WE THE PEOPLE DON'T WANT THIS. Enough!
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy What did the America people do to you to deserve you even submitting such a horrific plan?
When will people who voted 4 Trump realize he is screwing THEM the most?
Repeal and replace Lindsey Graham
DAMN! That's cold! Brrr!
I've only heard about this on Twitter. Media outlets not covering?

When are voters going to stop electing these extremist Republican nutjobs?!
The elderly, children, disabled,  those with pre-existing conditions, why do they keep doing this?  How do they call themselves Christians ?
Making calls, but please do what you can to block this new atrocity! Thank you Senator!! #gopdeathspiralbill #theyonlycareforrichpeople
That pretty much sucks!
This article has talking pts/scripts/contact info http://www.factpower.org/calltoactionhealthcare.html …
Vote No, this is horrible and mean, we do not want this, just fix ACA.
One more time mobilize my friends and register voters .@RoseAnnDeMoro
Download the "5 Calls" app if you don't have it yet!  It's awesome to contact your representative, senators, etc.
This is disgraceful. Shame on Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy.
@SenBobCorker @SenAlexander   Why are you turning your back against citizens.  Was it the slush fund  when will you represent the ppl
Why do they hate the American people so much?
Trumpons.  Heres your votes at work.  Enough said
"We must ensure that every single American is inextricably trapped in Obamacare's skyrocketing premiums & deductibles!!" #WydenPower
fools
What about the Bernie Sanders healthcare bill?
https://twitter.com/THEHermanCain/status/908766153127944195 … this is where liberals want to go, would be horrible in usa
Bernie Interviews Canadian doctor about single-payer.  She tells him all about their year-long wait times https://buff.ly/2fp41fS  
RT
We'll have to rename it the atrocious cruelty act.
You're a hypocrite.  If you gave a damn about Americans' health care you'd be supporting #MedicareForAll rather than your corporate donors.
It beats the socialist solution proposed by Sanders/Merkley.
stop with none sense wyden it you and your party that hurt american people and praised this plan because fellow chip plan.
Thank you @RonWyden! My family depends on #ACA; I feel as if no one's listening to danger of GOP bill & no cost-sharing payments for 2018!
Further proof that the govt needs to get out of healthcare. Both Reps & Dems. My healthcare is important & I don't need you screwing it up
I trust you are voting NO!
11 million covered under Obamacare 32 million loose coverage if repealed your math does not add up. It gives the power to the states
Call your Senators immediately.  Demand a NO vote!  Call DC and LOCAL offices. I did.
Remember - Lindsey Graham is brain dead.
Jesus Christ, what's wrong with these assholes?
Did you get donors permission to sign on to #MedicareForAll yet so we can be done with this?
Ron, good for you! I've been following Andy for ages. He is a national treasure. Let's go to work. Shout this from the Mountaintops!
Senator, I'd like to hear your reaction to the not guilty verdict of now ex-cop, Jason Stockley, who murdered James Lamar Smith in St. Louis
Or, preferably, a single payer system.
Please show your constituents that you take our healthcare seriously. Will you sign on as a co-sponsor of S. 1804? https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/1804?q=%7B%22search%22%3A%5B%22medicare+for+all%22%5D%7D&r=1 … …
I've already written twice   c'mon people   do the same   every day
Looks like the same thing that failed last time! It is the same thing!! WTF!!!
I'll just leave this right here! Thanks Dems!
The people have no power. Let's get real, shall we?
Support Bernie single payer program
God help us.
Support single-payer, please. Stop taking those donations!
(or should I say "donations"?)
That's a very one-sided analysis
Absofuckinglutely sickening Helping no one
Graham will put his name to anything somebody else thinks of, because he long ago stopped thinking in a real way about the American people.
I can't believe we have to fight #Zombiecare yet again. #MedicareForAll
Keep fighting for us Ron!
If you're tweeting about healthcare this week please make one of them your endorsement of #MedicareForAll . OR should be a leader on this.

Shameful!!!!!
These fucking people...
What's stopping you from backing Medicare for all?
An increase to upwards of 40% income tax with reduced deductions. ARE YOU WILLING TO PAY? Sounds good.
Everyone should be willing to pay taxes to ensure every American has healthcare.  In reality taxes would go up, but expenses would go down.
Oops 10 years
Take the Medicaid expansion, while pilfering blue states who are already donors. Ultimately we are all dumped in 1p years. at u lindsey G.
Oops 10 years.
This is not the end all of concerns. Please keep infrastructure a top tier concern.
Well at least we had most of August off
On it Sen. RON. This might be the most cynical and insidious plan yet, chief beneficiaries being red states, like, ahem s. Caro. Who didn't
Terrible bill. Totally inadequate coverage for children, adults, and will kick elderly out of nursing homes when they reach a cap
Good God! This is horrible. Worse than before ACA - more than repeal. Destroys health care for working poor.
We hope that you co-sponsor @SenSanders Medicare for all bill.
Keep up the fight! Thanks for all you do. #Resist
