@politico Hard to blame @POTUS introducing sarcasm into Russia collusion/hacking narrative. Polite way of saying one joke deserves another
why are you even bringing this up from months ago?  Everyone plainly knows it was a joke.  Like this whole Russian investigation is.
I think they are actually too stupid to understand that it was a joke. RIdiculous!
Who (u gave Uranium, & recv'd pay for play) wd go in/send in some1 to sabotage a replacement gov?
Step away from the nutjob conspiracy theory websites, Loretta.
Ahhhh, the uranium deal and the pay for play deals btwn Clinton & Russians ARE FACTS! Now what?
The American people are on to you. You and your party is joke, and Americans are sick of you and your lies.
Now you're Comey's defender..But when he held that press conference before the election democrats called for Obama to fire Comey. Hypocrite
It's possible to disapprove of what Comey did (&think it's a firing offense) while disapproving of firing him in order to Obstruct Justice.
Oh the delusion left...lol there's no obstruction of justice. Dems were begging Obama to fire Comey
Mostly not true.
How so? Comey's behavior last year was inappropriate,but it's not why he was fired. Trump admitted he fired him due to Comey's investigation
Trump basically admitted to Obstruction of Justice right there. Anyone who cares about law&order should be upset about that. #TrumpRussia
100% agree.
And yet after almost a year, you still have no evidence. Doesn't say much about your credibility. 
Admittedly sir I don't have all the info you have on this issue, BUT to me this is a non-starter. More proof, backstory w/#SethRichMurder!
Yes, you don't have all the info if you think that's a real issue here and not a baseless conspiracy theory that doesn't even make sense.
Prove it!
Fox News retracted their story about it after they found out that they had been had. I suspect u will continue to believe it,anyway #tinfoil
To each their own... #rumrunner
...Annnnnnd suspicion confirmed. #TimeToInvestInTinFoil
For you maybe not me. Enjoy your day...
That response ("for u maybe not me") doesn't even make sense in this context. Ladies and gentleman, I give u: the typical Trump voter. #Sad
Who could imagine a president colluding with a Russian over an open mic saying he'd have more flexibility after the election?
As an oregon tax payer, I am not paying you to be rude and disrespectful to our President! Mind your manners, or sit down and shut up!
Wyden is insane and extremely annoying. The only criteria to be a dem in government is to be a total a-hole.
Why are you tweeting while sitting in a investigation? #JeffSessions
He has his staff do the tweeting during the meeting (tweeted so beforehand).
I remember Trump's speech. He should be tried for treason.
Trump didn't ask Russia to hack Hillary's emails, he asked them to release the 30k emails she deleted (after a subpoena was issued).
nothing strains credulity anymore, which is a problem
@JudeRanch @politico Senator Wyden, thank you for your hard work in these perilous times.
you are right. #sethrich a mad Bernie supporter who was a dnc staffer, gave the dnc emails to wikileaks via @KimDotcom
Bahhh Kim wants attention and a deal
dnc fraud case :seth rich had motive and access. wikileaks said emails were not fm Russia
Give it up. Dems have no understanding of what we all knew to be a joke aimed at the way Hillary was hiding and deleting her emails.
He was sarcastic. Most "rational" people get it.Why don't we investigate WHY Loretta Lynch obstructed FBI investigation of Hillary's server?
Stop your lies. You and your family don't even live in Oregon. How's is that legal
What strains credulity is how you are a Senator.
Its not what he said
Who could imagine a former attorney general asking for "blood in the streets".
I'm more concerned at what was IN THE EMAIL. Wyden, how do you even sleep at night? Disgusting excuse for a man.
He absolutely DID look into the camera and ask Russia to find the 'missing emails'. As they say, it all comes out in the wash, & it will.
Campaign rhetoric.... at least he doesn't pretend to represent one state and live in another!!
Stop, Sen. Wyden.   The man has enough problems, why misconstrue what he said.  At the time, he didn't know Weiner had them on his laptop.
As far as I know, this is the only statement he's made on the subject.
Obama administration called for the UNMASKING of members of the Trump campaign during the transition of power..How can this happen..America?
Who could imagine a #Treasonious president making a deal with #Iran! + #Obama Had His Own ‘Back Channel’ To #Russia http://dailycallernewsfoundation.org/2017/06/13/confirmed-obama-had-his-own-back-channel-to-moscow/ …
You are a liar and a traitor.
Funny democratic leadership could not find her mail.
BHO stonewalled cong. 4-8 freaking years!!! u lie. he asked 'em 2 HAND OVER emails after the hack took place, believing russia 2 b behind it
The American have not had it with stonewalling, we are tired of this ridiculous Russian witch hunt. I, as an Oregonian, am tired of you.
How does one know when Ron Wyden is lying? His lips are moving! How do you when they move? Because a Clinton has their hand up his ass!#jerk
Dear Dramatic Ron; it's nice that your creative writing skills are still in use, but where is any proof to the BS that comes out of you?
Countries have been hacking each other for years and the Dems just figured it out ? They really are not to bright are they.
Facts show us facts not unsubstantiated fiction
Get out
@RonWyden impugned the reputation of a man who is truthful and honorable, Jeff Sessions. Wyden is the opposite - A LIAR and a cheat POS.
Who could believe that you actually got someone to vote for you?  My God, seeing you people in action is really scary.
Is this really the best you offer as a Senator.  If so, you really need to be replaced
Shame on you for spreading lies, I hope you get sued!
It most certainly strains reality, & requires a disassociative cognitive response & suspension of disbelief. Only malicious intent here..
Your corrupt complicity will be your outstanding historical legacy. Frame that to hang over your mantel..
Thanks for reminding everyone that Hillary committed multiple felonies.
It strains credulity because you're lying. Obvious joke, made because Hillary destroyed gov't property after it had been subpoenaed.
It didn't happen. You have no evidence it happened and you should lose your seat for not speaking truth.
No one-your ass was crushed today by AG-move on. #FakeNews
You should be more worried about what the hackers uncovered than who did it. I was a life long Dem until I did and then became an Indep!
Idiot
Who could imagine a mamas boy wimp like you ever getting elected to anything?When do I wake up from my nightmare?
He was joking and you know it wimpy!
Seriously LOL!
It was a JOKE, in public b4 an audience, b4 100's of camera's. Ur questioning strains credibility and sanity from the left.
It does strain credulity but he never asked Russia to do that. It was a joke during the campaign, Liar.
You are on crack!!!!!!
If it isn't the Trump Lisperer - the only collusion in 2016 was between Hillary and the DNC - Bernie got screwed and we all know it.
This appears his mission.
How about obama & comey releasing the banking information of 20 MILLION AMERICANS & YOU did nothing
#GUILTY
Senator, you are a political hack and will be out of a job soon...#draintheswamp.
How can anyone hack hrc illegal server that was under FBI control and not connected to www ?

Please tell me how you do that
She did destroy evidence?
do some work and stop trolling old Trump comments from his campaign. Nobody cares about a bad Russian hack joke.
Will you Democrats ever STOP LYING? You're an embarrassment.
You've now had to resort to gossip? I guess Sessions really put you in your place. Now tell Oregon what you've done for it. A wasted seat.
Sessions put @RonWyden in his place today. You're right, wasted seat. #OREGON needs to wake up
Performance today w AG Sessions was embarrassing and pathetic. You couldn't even look him in the eye @RonWyden. Zero credulity.
Sessions rec firing Comey based on handling of email issue, which was related to campaigns & Russia. Clear violation of Sessons recusal!
You got your ass handed to you today. You look bad fella
Sessions has more honesty and not a liar hypocrite like all u democRATS .. that's why u guys lost seats and the White House 
Cut the BS and the witch hunt already. All you so called "Legislators" were non-existent for the past eight years' with Benghazi and Iran.
Bill got thousands from Russia for speaking fees after Hillary sold USA uranium and Putin got a hold of it so who is colluding with Russia ?
Hey hypocrite and Trumps opponent sold uranium to russia n now Putin controls 20% so where was ur smell test then ?!
I was waiting for someone to ask Sessions what he thought #DonTheCon meant when he publicly asked Russia to interfere.
Prove it or shut up,it was dnc own malfeasance that email were gotten. Podesta gave his password away
Who could imagine that a president would have the NSA illegally spy on every American & an FBI DIR that wld bury the evidence MONTGOMERY
You are so full of crap. Dimms are playing politics BS on this Russian boondoggle. I will work hard to get you voted out next time around!
Why don't you ask Hillary that question? She's the one who did just that! Why are you covering the truth? Were you also involved?
Speaking about credibility, why don't you tell us about your service in Vietnam senator?
Obviously you have the answer.......
Just wait until the new FBI Director gets in, he will revisit everything usurper Comey did and I believe the will hit the fan for the Dems.
@RonWyden are you scared the email scandal will encompass you too? You Democrats are a crooked bunch, in fact it was Dems with Russia
@RonWyden when are you going to demand a Senate hearing for #DNC data analyst #SethRich ? You know he was killed for leaking Podesta emails!
@TedCruz @ACLJ How long do u let the Demos cram Russia Lie down our throats & ignore #SethRich? Investigate, hold hearings.
@RonWyden why aren't you concerned with why the #DNC data analyst was killed? Is it because you know Hillary's body bag count beats Mansons?
@RonWyden the #DNC emails weren't hacked by the Russians they were leaked by #SethRich and that's why he was killed. Investigate his murder!
@RonWyden you might as well accept @HillaryClinton lost because she is corrupt to the core. Why aren't you asking about #SethRichMurder ?
Because that's a baseless conspiracy theory that Fox News retracted once they realized they'd been had.
Oh really? I'm sure you would LIKE it to go away, but One America News Network isn't owned by foreign investors.
http://www.oann.com/sign-the-white-house-petition-for-prosecutor-in-seth-rich-murder/ …
Russia Russia Russia. Broken record and it's getting old and you are looking like a fool. Keep up the good work of looking foolish LMAO
You have no proof about anything and you're wasting the taxpayers money instead of trying to help out with Healthcare and tax breaks
What does "credulity" mean? You're a Senator? HA!
Obstruction continues with old stuff.  You were an embarrassment Wyden, with your questions to Sessions.  Where is your morale compass?
Completely ridiculous. All of it. The dumbfounding stupidity insisting there's Russian collusion is what's incredulous. #laughingstock
Get your facts straight. @POTUS asked Russia to share the deleted emails if they had them.  NOT hack to get them
liars...he didn't ask them to...
He said"Russia if you are listening I HOPE  you find her emails.
It was funny! Go smoke a joint then watch the video clip again, u might laugh and get the sarcasm.
The election was tampered with by Russians in 39 states; we need a new Special Election
That is not the case
Russia attempted to hack
but was not successful 
Obama admin attempted to hack state of GA
Could you please start representing Oregon?  let the FBI sort out crimes. @gop
You should take off your tin foil hat every once in a while.  It might help you not look like a pasty and disgusting live corpse.
It was an obvious joke, slamming both the DNC & HRC. To say otherwise is dishonest.
Why no contempt mention? Trump can invoke the privilege, NOT Sessions.
He wasn't president YET n further more u and I both no he stated that as a joke, u idiots have been on the Russian collusion since 2015
#Treason Obama's Pallet of Cash Sent to Iran Because 'Wire Transfers Not Available' Wire Transfers Sent 2 Days Later
Source: politico - fake news.
Who could imagine you'd be a senator, an absolute horrid one!
Who would imagine a US Department Head placing Classified information on a personal server so it could be hacked
Good job in the hearing today!
You're pushing Hank "Guam Will Capsize" Johnson for the dumbest person in Congress #PrayForOregon
y are you so scared to answer questions from all your constituents?
Thank you for your hard work & questions today (waving from PDX) #SessionsHearing WELL DONE!
RESIGN.
You share more fake news? Where has this been shown? Side note stop interpreting when a question is being answered you are a disgrace
#Comey Questions over cyber experts' #FakeNews claim dreamed up by #DNC #HillaryClinton that Russia hacked election
Which makes @jeffsessions' comments about his long "service" to our country such a silly joke. He serves first his conservative ideology.
He didn't ask for anything, and in the intro of that vid he expressed concern to the possibility and actually was condemning it.(if true)
Where's the proof that he did this???
Elmer Fudd sputtering like a child
He didn't. He was making a sarcastic remark about Hillary's missing 33,000 emails. the ones she deleted even though they'd been subpoenaed.
Why was Sessions thanked for his "unbelieveable sacrifice" in appearing before the committee today? Aren't we paying him for his work?
The sacrifice is on the part of the people who pay taxes to pay for his salary and excellent benefits, including premium health insurance.
You're right, @RonWyden, I couldn't believe it when I saw it, either! But then there's been a lot of other in-credible DJT actions since.
Trump didn't say that. As a Senator, should be more factual. Are you mad because she deleted them or that the released emails were factual?
They are none senator Wyden
Only Trump, the non president could get away with this nonsense. Impeach!!!!!!
I remember that very well. How can even Trump Supporters condone that. NOTHING MATTERS. No Civility. Lying OK. He's lying to Republicans too
Exactly-today Tom cotton & sessions along w others mocked idea of any collusion, aiding etc. but this happened & people r lying!
Stop being a "resister" and do you job.
Come on. Can some real work for your Constituents be done and leave the obstructionist agenda behind.  Your one sided outrage is sad.
How much of our taxpayer money are they spending on this foolishness?  This is going to be 10s of millions pissed away again.
Senator r u a leaker of info to the media? Please answer the question
This guy looks, acts and talks like a leaker.  He's a leaker.
We don't have to imagine anything. It's real. It's a fact he said it & it happened. When are you going to call for his resignation?
DEM LIE
Nothing this President's done in his life shows he has even a scintilla of honesty, integrity, morality, or caring for anyone but himself.
Give it up.
But we all heard him do it, Maybe SESSIONS 'recalls' it as some kind of 'CGI Fake News'? Is he the most ill informed/gullible AG in history?
PLUS:
you're not creditable
At that very moment, I knew that Trump already knew that the Russians already had the emails ready to leak, making his collusion obvious.
Idiot!
Hillary's servers and computers had been in the hands of the FBI for months and possibly years, when Trump said that Mr Wyden. #NotHackable.
You did a fantastic job and Cotton is a joke.
Yep. On TV in front of entire planet. All about Russian loans and oil.
Mr. Wyden you are a man that represents PARTY before COUNTRY! You are disposable and despicable!
you must be a boring man. Comment made in jest. What was @BarackObama response to "Russian" Threat!?! plz!
Sanctions that Russia is trying to remove.
Sanctions  oh that stopped them  no wonder the left lost the elections  #VillageIdiot 
You would suggest nuclear weapons or more conventional war, perhaps?
there are more ways to skin this cat and sanctions are a proven way of failure..... you know it! leaves to question the validity claimed.
Cite references that sanctions don't work, please.
you're an educated individual. educate yourself.
what are you on???
pres lady pants' cia is most likely behind the hacks of dnc. he hated hill and thought congress would do whatever to keep him.
Like every sleaze bag, when confronted with what he's said, Trump claims he was "joking".
Oh Ronnie, take a nap!

A 10 year old could have hacked Clinton & Podesta's..emails
Demos are idiots galore~
Dems are evil, vile, still pouting that Killary lost,,obstructing the good our Pres wants to do,,.may they all go down and soon..
Whoever voted for you, Sen Wyden, should be deported.
The insane asylum if you voted for Elmer Fudd
You mean like, sweetheart?
Sweetheart is a insult? Wtf?
Context "honey" ..
Still not a insult
Good question who could ask it?
Why was this statement by Trump not brought up in a question to Sessions?
You're spot on, but I'd hold off tweeting until the hearing is over.
