Extremely disappointed OR SOS Dennis Richardson aided voter suppression commission by turning over Oregonians’ info
The voter suppression commission also met today.
They are actively looking for ways to suppress your vote by making up voter “fraud.”
The voter suppression commission is  headed by Kris Kobach – paid Breitbart columnist & Kansas SOS
Also- how Kobach can be both at once defies common sense...
Kobach voter suppression: attack the voting rights of students and members of the military
Retweet & tell @KrisKobach1787 that we won’t let him get away with suppressing Americans’ right to vote!
So Senator, what do we do now? I cannot believe the time, money & resources being used for this bullshit!
I can't believe the money we spend on illegal's!!!
Or you could look up how many "illegal's" pay taxes and pay for your social security
They don't pay taxes! The men work under the table while there women pop out kids and collect welfare. I know first hand.
Sure, you know all the statistics, ok
You afraid dead voters will be denied their historical right to vote Democrat? You’re pathetic.
Scared of losing illegal voters are you? The constitutional republic is back thanks to @realDonaldTrump
Nice gif. Finally a gif of a libtard.
What about honest elections do we really want dead people voting?
You may lie to people. There is voter fraud.
Not true Dem stuffing bb okay with you?? Not me
I'm a registered dem. But the corruption was far to much for me to be associated with. Criminals around every corner with both parties.
Fuck Trump, but excuse me. Why is Ron Wyden still allowed to speak after supporting a blatantly unconstitutional anti-speech anti-#BDS bill?
I'm serious. Why is he still allowed to pretend to be progressive?
Oh don't worry he is a screaming LIBTARD!
Uh huh, sure sure, get right on it...
Whiner Wyden is scared he's going to caught from voter fraud. Prison for you.
You hit the nail of the head!! Your absolutely right!
Please tell us what we can do. Donate to the ACLU?
Ron I bet you hang out with the now former Mayor of Seattle.. What do you guys like to "do" together...
Wow, you seem to have some inside info on this MAGA, I wonder why?
because as a proper human being i shame and expose pedophiles whenever possible.
I guess it takes on to know one....   like that 14yo girl and the predator in chief
You're sick but I fight everyday to help bring you and yours sanity again. Just keep up this bullshit so we keep winning elections.
See while you base what you say on wild idiotic fantasy, what I say is based in reality. We will keep winning.
Your denial is proof of your perverted complicity
Why has Senator Wyden not come out in support of Universal Healthcare proposed by Senator Sanders?
Voter suppression? You mean stopping non citizens from voting, or people voting more than once? Wise up.

Single-payer
How? You need ID for everything else in this country. But the most important part of our democracy shouldn't require it? What r u hiding?
are you worried they may catch you.
You are a liar Mr. Wyden. #NewHampshire
What's wrong? Afraid of losing the vote of illegals? I will pray to God that people start following the law &JAILING the corrupt like urself
What are you afraid they might find Wyden.  If there is no voter fraud as you say let them investigate.  Can only help you.
We want live people voting just ONCE not over and over again in multiple states! What is wrong with that? We have to vet the eligible voters
There's no problem with people voting multiple times. It has been disproven by the Sec of State in each state. Trump's commission is a fraud
What are you reading?I know for a fact people voted more than once?Some two or three times!So keep drinking those liberal lies your drinking
Please share the link to this information that proves people voted more than once. Because Trump or his people said so? That's not proof.
Secretaries of State are in charge of each states voting. They say it did not happen.
So glad your days are numbered there Ron, you and Kate Brown are history, finally Oregon has there's eyes wide open, #voteoutwyden
truth
How did we let voter suppression get as corrupt & prejudiced as the crooked 
GOP?

Hey! Stop wasting out time! 1/25/17 I asked: Why don't these people arrest one of the illegal voters? After all, there are millions of 'em.
Along with virulent "fake news" anti-free press diatribes of Trumplandia, voter fraud claim is great threat to integrity of the Republic,
And @KrisKobach1787 is the baffoon leading the charge
You mean "illegal voter suppression". Please pay attention to details.
You might want to recheck your "details" badjin
As a resident of NH, I can confirm out of state licenses mean nothing. Both college students and elderly snow birds are common examples.
Just because it is legal in NH doesn't make it right. Would be interesting to see if any of those people voted in their actual home state.
I doubt they did, second it is right for college students essentially living 4 years in a place to vote there, 1/X
There are lots of other states that DON'T allow that. Mine for one. As I said, it may be legal, but that isn't the same as right.
Yep, there are a lot of states that want to prevent people from having a say where they live and spend their money.
I own property in several states. Based on your reasoning I 'could' vote in any or all of them.
Please explain how voting can be suppressed? Photo ID is needed for everything else and no one is coming unglued. One citizen - one vote.
Keyword: Gerrymandering. Please do your own homework.
Yes sir, Republicans do NOT want you to vote

And tell them to lay off background checks for any voters!
It may prove Russian interference as a by product.
You must be a Democrat
just like your phony russia connection
What are you scared of senator? You ought to encourage full cooperation and quick resolution
No it's an investigation into the democratic voter fraud initiative that all Dems rely on to get elected
@ViewFromWise we also need to get rid of caucuses if we are dealing with voter issues. No more caucuses. They disenfranchise us
Does it have teeth?
Propaganda value is high.
#EO13799 is #VoterSuppression #Defund13799 @VP @KrisKobach1787 #ProtectMyVote @ACLU #UniteBlue @actblue @Shareblue @LWV #DontMessWithOurVote
He won get over. It
Back it up. How are they suppressing Democratic voters? Just how? By checking the voting records for illegal voting?
I totally agree. Go for it.
Why? Because they have found evidence of wide spread voter fraud perpetrated by Dems in New Hampshire? Come on Ron grow up
Where was @RonWyden when the DNC was committing election fraud? Might have avoided a Trump presidency in the first place.
No it's called checks and balances! Only Dems are opposed to this commission, why is that?!
Thank you for calling them out on this. I'm proud to have you and @SenJeffMerkley as my Senators. Keep up the fight against oppression.
.WTF File: #GOP aggressively investigates non-existent #VoterFraud, while completely ignoring Russia hacking & stealing election for Trump.
It needs to be illegal to sanction US populations inability to their right to VOTE
GOP & their Representatives/Senators need 2 B called out
NY Ron.
The shame is the lib Dems going into the ghettos paying people to register duh!!!
VOTER SUPPRESSION SQUAD ROLL OUT...the minorities from the voter rolls...
This is a way the republicans can change the 2018 vote without Russian Intervention. Next they will want everyone chipped like your pet.
You mean like the scam the DNC pulled that put the only person Trump could beat on the ballot?
Ronnie - You would have a different opinion if you weren't counting on government-dependents for their votes- You are a modern Slave-master
Somewhere along the way the @GOP decided only white voters be eligible to vote. Next will be women and non-Christians in that population.
What's the matter think that you're going to be one of them leaving the country
Dude. Tax Reform. Don't go BernieCrayCrayy. I like @Sen_JoeManchin D #WV Sensible #Oregon is not all D. Or Left @Morning_Joe @JoeNBC 
#TrumpSupporters will believe all of his lies & conspiracies; fall for anything and stand for nothing.
You promote voter fraud suppression! If Dems aren't doing anything wrong they wouldn't oppose it as much as they do. It's a Red Herring
Explain how you can have more people voted than registered to vote


The Voter Suppression Commission is created to assist Putin by putting all our voting systems into one basket . . . make it easy for Putin 
And they are using taxpayer money to suppress
Their voting rights!
Please defund it
IT IS OUTRAGEOUS & RIDICULOUS!
A way to delegitimize democracy
Yes!
What a waste of tax payer money just to feed Trumps ego, insecurities and lies!
Democrats know they cannot win elections without voter fraud! Everyone must show a form of ID while casting their vote!
Describes their entire administraton. Treating anything they do as "governing" is normalizing and wrong. They are 100% evil and must go.
#VoterFraudCode4VoterSuppression
With a lot of help from the Koch brothers
Commission is a scam!! Why allowed to remain in place while shutting down other legitimate Commissions? This is twisted!!
And an effing waste of taxpayers money. This is disgraceful the gutless GOPers allow this to go on.
Exactly!!! You said it!!!
What the hell?! So y is voter fraud commission allowed 2remain? Their trying 2silence those who don't support DT or would vote 4him again!
#impeachtrumppence
There isn't one democrat on bipartisan panel. 
We know autocracy is here
We're about ready to pull this down.
Tipping and won't be stopped

From the division division of the White House
worried?
This is a major step in eliminating the power of the vote and establishing "rule" over democracy! Make no mistake Gop nazis r destroying USA
And disgusting!
Senator it must be stopped! It's already bad enough down here in Texas! If this continues we in TX will never get true vote count!
Agree. It is voter suppression. It is criminal.
Correction!  An illegal voter suppression!
Yes by all means let's call it what it is: Voter suppression of "illegal" voters! Only US citizens should be allowed to vote!
Stop spreading docent
Financed by oligarchs and executed by Russians -- treason!
What about the Primaries and Caucuses states for one! Try Forget the Primaries and Caucus States!
Bullshit Senator, bullshit.
Agreed. Every day. When campaigning. When on TV. Trump/Pence Voter suppression commission.
talk, talk...Do something!  The fraud is the commission itself!
yes and we need for you dems to get on this.
We must call it that, you gotta do something about it.
You really do enjoy fraud and illegals voting. Right?
It's statistically insignificant, it's a "solution" (read: way to keep people from the polls who didn't vote Trump) looking for a problem.
Not so in California and New York.
I don't know what you mean.

.@VP running the Voter Suppression scam with top pseudo Christian #PenceKnew about #TrumpRussia they ALL must go!
  https://twitter.com/loulachat/status/903650761900400640 …
DUDE WHY ARE YOU SO SCARED TO FIND OUT THE TRUTH? CANT HANDLE THE FACT THAT VOTER FRAUD DID EXIST? EVEN UNDER OBUMMER?
The only way republicans win is through gerrymandering & voter suppression. Kris Kobach is an expert at voter suppression. He's a criminal

so you believe that African Americans and Latinos are incompetent!   You believe they are to dumb to get voter id cards?
You sir are sending me the message you condone the ILLEGAL use of our Democracy. That is not okay! #VoterFraudIsReal
Illegals and undocumented should not be allowed to vote.
They won't stop until only white, male property owners may vote.  "As the founding father's intended."
For someone that is so confident there is no fraud, then why are you trying to stop any investigation? Hand in the cookie jar?
Think so.
This is a dark road for the US.
Is this voter commission just a front to give a job to someone who isn't qualified to do anything else?
What can be done to stop this nonsense?
Remember Agnew? We need to see the end of Pence before we impeach Mr. T. I don't know what to do about Paul Ryan.
we should also call Mueller's Russian investigation a diversion tatic. Fair is Fair Mr Wyden. Your just scared nobody will really vote for U
Wrong.  I think you are afraid of the outcome.
Oh Ron, if you only knew.

Ron likes illegal votes like most Dems. He judges Blacks & Latinos as not smart enough to acquire voter ID if required in future. #RacistRon https://twitter.com/RonWyden/status/907748311112830976 …
What part of the Trump administration ISN'T a sham? How many times has Kushner "updated" security forms? Sessions lying about mtg Russians?
Thank you Senator Wyden!
Then explain why they are finding higher vote counts than reg voters? I think you may have been duped into covering a scam.
Thank you, Ron. Please keep fighting
Want to find voter suppressor, recommend you look in the mirror. You swore an oath to preserve, protect, defend the Constitution. You lied.
Can it be stopped?
Absolutely!
They just want to ensure there is one vote per legal, living,  American voter . What is wrong with that???
Illegal voters suppress legal voters vote! Voter ID protects legal vote! All have ID to get Gov. Benefits, Truth is DNC cannot win W/O Fraud
New Hampshire just uncovered 5000+ illegitimate votes. Those type of votes need to be suppressed.
Right, just think of all those dead people that still want to vote Democrat.
Poor people need ID for foodstamps & welfare stop the lies. We need voter ID to vote to protect from voter & make REAL VOTES count.
Damn right it is!!
Yes. Exactly what it is... oh wise west coast liberal! Your wisdom reigns down on us all. You should contact your politicians 2change this!!
Ron is another liberal chuckle head that wants to shred our constitution and have open boarders. Then it's the Wild West all over again!!
If you need to show ID to buy a six pack, why shouldn't you have to show ID to vote for who runs the country? Slightly more important
And we must stymie its efforts.
Kobach's Cross-Check help to suppress DEMS from voting to give Trump his BOGUS Win!
All part of the plan: see tweets re: GOP goal of Constitutional Convention & necessary components which need to be in place for it to happen
You need to quit. He's our president fair and square. Oregon government is what we need to worry about. Did Soros promise you will be knight
And - @RonWyden - it is also BLATANT RACISM TO ITS CORE. Let us not hide that fact.
"Fraud" is Muellers investigation. Voter fraud commission you don't like b/c you know it went on BIG TIME in your state too! GUILTY R'NT YOU
Unfortunately, the Dem Party wishes to cling to its voting fraud operations rather than ensure the integrity of USA votes. Pitiful
Lies. The Republicans are confusing 'preventing people they disagree with from voting' with 'integrity'.
Dems run voting scams all over the country and have for decades. And I kno firsthand bc I worked in a couple of Dem campaigns in my youth.
But the Dems never let the truth stand in the way of a good story. And they are ZERO about "vote integrity"
Ha! Sorry, I couldn't control my laughter. Integrity. But really, what evidence do you have? Perhaps now would be a good time to share.
Two questions: 1. Are you a Democrat and 2. Have you ever worked in a Dem statewide campaign or for an election in a big city?
I align best with Democrat ideas.
Does participating in a caucus count?
Is this leading to your evidence or are you framing to discredit me?
Sorry for the delay. Work.

If you worked in Dem campaigns then you would already know, in which case providing you with evidence would be
5k of 8k out of state drivers license voted in NH that never registered a car or address in state. Nothing to hide then why stop it?
There's nothing to hide because those were students avowed to vote and they didn't need new driver's licenses. Which is legal there.
So what you are saying is. Blacks and Latinos aren't smart enough to get a id. What a racist you are.
voting's the most dangerous thing there is to freedom, guns are the only thing in Constitution "necessary for the security of a free state"
There are so many more necessary things.
Register at birth, activate at 18, enough, it's a citizenship thing, not the lotto
I'm surprised DNC hasn't thought of running a travel agcy. Fly ppl. in from other countries to vote in our elections. Fly'n Vote Tours.
Hahahahahahahahaha- everyone knows trump and pence are great for America while Dems are great for their party and themselves
Why do dems assume that investigating votes will not be good for them? I wonder Why? Hmmm
It's because the commission has made clear they care not for truth and only have one thing they want to find. They lie about their findings.
Senador: todos los países en Latinoamérica piden identificación para votar.
Why don't Americans travel to Mexico and vote? Hmmm
Anyone not smart enough to register or have id should not be allowed to vote. Hey a life dude. Everyone should have an id.
This is why I laugh when a Democrat says they want a transparent government. They want to hid the data. Why so scared?
The only sham I see is the continued bs coming out of the establishment to protect their gravy train.... your train is coming to a halt MAGA
I hope you're right. This maga bullshit is driving me crazy and trump is pocketing WAY too much of our tax money.
You want Mexican citizens to vote in our elections

They vote for you & people you like

Please spare us that you actually care

You don't
Can't congress have their own commission with some real scientific method behind it?
Senator, I'm not seeing what you are doing legislatively to stop any of this. I  see hand wringing and calls to "re-tweet", but no action!
Voter suppression + surgical gerrymandering = unchecked minority rule. Every American should be angered and alarmed.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
Understand this could be the beginning of an American monarchy. If the crazy right with racist commonality w/Russia has vote control, we r 
VOTER FRAUD IS REAL , Ron, don't you wan't illegal voters off the voter rolls ???No you don't, most are illegals who vote Democrat.
GOV. Scott of Florida did a Voter fraud investigation, Dem cry and stopped the investigationin the short time 300 illegal voters found
Democrats always oppose voter fraud investigation, Why ?? Answer----> Voter Fraud favors Dem.Ron Wayden The American people are not Stupid
With all the problems in the world that need our attention, this commission is a complete waste of time and resources. Shut it down!
So making sure there's no fraud in our election process is voter suppression?? Checking that voters registered are actual citizens?? #Left
It is when the team doing it lies about their findings to promote a an agenda that serves them politically.
FIX OBAMACARE!...We also need to call on Congress to lower prescription drug costs.
FIX OBAMACARE!...We call on Congress to double the funding for community healthcare centers in rural America.
FIX OBAMACARE!...We call on Congress to incentivize states to expand OBAMACARE and to share the cost of healthcare!
You're not surprised OR now has "gender abortions" SICKENING Gov. in that state. God is watching!
Looks like little Ron is *triggered* with his twitter rant. TRUTH HURTS fool.
People  sick, & tired of the Dems. same ,lame excuses. It's not "suppressing" any one, funny the states with ILLEGAL votes won't show rolls
Voter fraud has been PROVEN, DEMS. just need the votes. So GFYS! It doesn't "suppress" any votes except ILLEGAL ones!
Exactly!
2012 Was our last legitimate election. Bye bye democracy. Hello kleptocracy.
You support illegal voting because it helps your party and/or you're a racist who believes minorities are too stupid to acquire an ID.
Every time you have to show your photo ID, scream RACIST as loud as possible. Airports, stores, bars, restaurants, every country border...

Scared of the Truth Ron?  #trueTheVote 
Why hasn't there been an effort to force this sham entity to disband?
You've got the platform- do it! Please!
Yep suppress those illegals who are not entitled to vote from voting. Happy with that democratic outcome.
Will anyone stand against this commission to suppress voters? Just let Trump run amuck w/out fear of Congress interference.
IMPEACH TRUMP!!
