Nothing is wrong with that picture or this one
les branches de l' arbre ( dehors )
Its all white men with grins and smiles on their smug little faces.
The dogs and cats got together to decide where the rats were going to live.
ALL MEN, NO WOMEN, on Women's own body & healthcare issues!
Everything.
ALL MEN!
I clicked "LIKES" because of the picture, not because of the words from Harris
The ideas ofCondoleezzaRice poisoned and corruptedcommunitiesandthecarelessness and lackofstrictObama inmanydecisions brought us toterrorism
Let a new Middle East entrepreneur try to kill innocents in the East and pay the price of innocent people in the West, Condoleezza Rice
Help me to publish and market them. I do not know I can only write thanks
@jvbrug male-headship Bible interpretation part of it+Religious Right agenda #patriarchy
not enough men
We are not responsible for women's health care "worldwide". Just to make sure they have it here.
They are all men!
Please stop these buffoons! 
lies, it only cuts funding to NGO's that perform or promote abortions, NGO's that don't still receive funding #SorryNotSorry
mmmm men
US tax payer has to pay abortions of 4 illegal your health care statement is a lie it's abortion not health care being stop
Nothing wrong. Wouldn't be anything wrong if they were all women either. Stop  your divide et impera agenda.
Let a new Middle East entrepreneur try to kill innocents in the East and pay the price of innocent people in the West, Condoleezza Rice
Just a bunch of male politicians having their nose in the Women's Reproductive System!!!Patriarchy&Religion to controlOURbody!
Let a new Middle East entrepreneur try to kill innocents in the East and pay the price of innocent people in the West, Condoleezza Rice
looks like they're trying to keep poor women barefoot and pregnant. Keeps them poor and begging. Doesn't block ED meds, though
not one uterus among them.
what's wrong is that men are still deciding woman's rights these white men still believe in patriarchy!!
@JuddApatow I'm wishing for a collective cerebral hemorrhage for the whole administration!!!!!!!!
Let a new Middle East entrepreneur try to kill innocents in the East and pay the price of innocent people in the West, Condoleezza Rice
Pres Trump isn't an equal opportunity employer - no woman under the desk.
Nothing
I don't get it, Congress serves a 2yr term. They run every 2 yrs & we keep letting old white men get elected. Take money out!
it's an awesome picture better than the Sweden one mostly sea hags 
storage retards and flatlanders. women haters all
- same thing that's wrong with r nation & most of the world, where women r devalued &secondary n leadership although majority!
Abortion is not health care; it's simple, barbaric murder.
well if you'd stop over populating the world selfish man, we have finite resources. @KamalaHarris
It's a miracle picture of executives in action doing the will of the people, in this case saving lives of unborn children.
abortion isn't health care
@joh53293471 everything ?
@JuddApatow  who's going to pay for world wide health care for women... you meant abortion, did you?
I am donating to #EngenderHealth.  Check it out, folks.
I prefer this version thanks to @wearemitu!
Ever wondered what it would look like if women ran the government like men do? Well, here's a little hint. 
sadly everything
@JuddApatow get a job that provides health care. Quit expecting the government to pay for you. Free option!!! I go every month
@LLMGT This is one of the main reasons I didn't vote for stupid Trump. His  administration is gonna  put women back to 1861.
@JuddApatow MY TAX MONEY is for US citizens!! You can create a charity and give all you want!!
@JuddApatow...Eight Old White Men...
@JuddApatow you're at the top of it?
@JuddApatow it's factually incorrect if you include the above statement as part of the picture
@JuddApatow no woman involved and an orangutan signed it
I have a scary feeling he just signs whatever is put in-front of him .... Treats it like a boardroom.
@JuddApatow  no they did not
@JuddApatow is it that they say they want smaller government but then regulate uteruses? Or that they think HC is not a right?
not a vagina in sight!
@JuddApatow no women
@JuddApatow I think @IsabellaLovin can tell you.
@JuddApatow what isn't wrong with this picture?!
@JuddApatow Hmm where do I start..Are you talking about all the dildos standing in the room or the implied whites only sign?!
@JuddApatow Between the eight of them, they haven't seen a vagina in 242 years.
@JuddApatow Very sad and wrong
@JuddApatow ... That's not true. Show me excerps
@JuddApatow that fat pig bannon should have no proximity to decisions on women's health #hehitswomen
@JuddApatow ....a bunch of white men looking stern and authoritarian who can afford anything for the women in their lives
men-men-men-men manly men men-men....
It's immoral
And it's only been 2 wks. Oh my! Thanks for your strong position, your CA constituents supprt + applaud you. CALIFORNIA STRONG
rubbish interior design / hair cuts from hell / badly designed suits / terrible tie choices. oh & no woman present :-)
Just typical of men like Trump.  Making decisions on women's bodies, shocking!!!
he's signed to withdraw health insurance for thousands of people. Is that helping the forgotten or making the USA great again?
and white guys too of course
are you seriously that stupid?  no one is taking away womens rights. stop watching cnn,msnbc, educate yourself with some truth
It kinda looks like Reince's head is growing from Blump's head...  bad composition, man!
I'd like to kick them in their undropped testicles
nothing. Your false narratives are what is wrong.
A bunch of dicks?
@LizzyHalpert I'm not hanging these fucks
this picture reminds me of when the cylons forced President Baltar to sign the order to kill leaders of the resistance....
you were quoted in a story by @mashable
:-(
umm, they are all pussy-grabbers ? No ?
They all have erectile dysfunction ? Got it !
everything
We have often seen this kind of "Applaud"- pictures from North Korea. The decisions seem to be also in US be very dark... BG=)
We need to kill all the men! They are all CLOWNS.
Sorry - I'm pro-choice but I don't equate abortion to health care.
your totally uninformed if you believe this, your being used Kamala.
Please keep up the great work!!!
@ferrifrump There are no women there!
if you don't want old white men running things you can elect young females after all the mojority of america is female
Wrong. They're making it more difficult to kill babies, an act which no one, man or woman, has the right to engage in.
Definitely a distinct lack of uteri in this shot.  Tho there sure are plenty of dicks and #ReasonsToProtest!#WomensMarch #PlannedParenthood
@jerseygirlmay23 No women... and Trump sitting in a real presidents chair.
Sickening. THX 4 All U do!
@val17jac I'm going to need more than 140 characters
@Solutioneer72 Kellyann Conway is missing must be cutting off heads of chickens R sucker punching someone
@jessetyler no they didn't they shut down #Slaughterhouse @PPact Pay to kill your own Children
What's clearly wrong about this picture is your desire to kill hundreds of millions of women not yet born! Slime.
no one stops them from getting funds from their own govts for abortions. Why not push planning instead anyways and education
why should middle class Americans pay for abortions in countries while their own politicians get rich without planning births
and he was signing for the abolishion of federal funds for abortion
it's so future parents can't kill the unborn child they didn't even want and carried anyway so they can still drink and smoke
- you likely are looking for "no female," but another answer would be " #donaldtrump 's son-in-law is in room" #conflict
: where are the WOMEN Trump ??? Shame to you
There are millions of women watching and I am one of them.  Thank you President Trump!!!
@_juliannemoore Nothing finally some intelligence in the White House. Educate yourself or go put your pussy hat back on
you voted him in not me. Go Canada lol
all old white men making decisions for the majority who are not
Nothing is wrong with this picture. Abortion is murder (after 6 weeks) and murder is immoral.
time for a @ "fun" raiser for you @TheLaughFactory ..you are a #livinglegacy #femmefataleofpolitics..get 2 our young women!
@missmayim you got money, you got actresses who can fund abortion but you are a democrat.
@saraagent sausage fest
So why did you not go after Steven Mnuchin for what he did to homeowners in California? Not impressed

worldwide, how are they responsible for women who are non-citizens??
Curious why killing babies is ok with you?
@missmayim if you are asking the weighted question the obvious answer would be men made the decision, and didn't include women
So, abortion = Healthcare to you?
@susanha94790268  would that be the total absence of those most affected by said legislature??  So Sad
@Steve_Ens I never said all whites were privileged. I said THIS is a group of privileged white men.
to quote a speaker from the women's march, they're "male, pale and stale"!
how does the US determine access worldwide?   We cannot make world law.   Stop taking my response down.
Nothing is wrong with the picture. Unless you are racist against whites and sexist towards men.
abortion is not Healthcare unless it's to save the mother's life. Pregnancy is not a desease! You DEMS just don't get it.
8 dicks, very few brains.
All white men. Do you feel represented yet, ladies?
@InMemoryOfDevon all dbags and no women!!
, world wide, huh? Abortion is not health care. It's an easy out for irresponsible women.
@RonWyden As an American taxpayer, I don't want my $ used for worldwide abortions!!
I am ashamed of these stupid hateful bitter old men. They do not represent me or my America. Is it to late to stop this group?
All white racist pigs , men who think women are second class , women will take them down
@vooda1 Everything!
It's all old white men...As usual.
Our smart, savvy and fabulous new Senator. SO PROUD to have you representing. Now go get 'em #ninjagirl, OK? #mydayinla
All old men making decision about women's body's. This is NOT right. Good ole Boys Club in full swing here! #womansrights
Didn't know Trump controlled healthcare to the WORLD! #FactsDontCareAboutYourFeelings
US citizens @realDonaldTrump let us know we were paying OTHER COUNTRIES to set up clinics for abortions and stopped it. GOOD!
@fartsey Everything is wrong with this picture, in that it is all old white men, the least qualified of all with pen in hand!
if all the men in pic agree to castration.....
that you will never see 7 women around a table deciding about men's reproduction
@ProudAmercain That is totally preposterous! You libbers are lunatics! Is Sharia Law your kind of freedom? If so move to Iran.
to trumps kiss asses..electives aren't covered under policies right?why is abortion always a point in arguments on healthcare.
i support your tweet.
@billyeichner someone who has no respect for people is our president, what's wrong is that people are doing nothing about it
Well. I agree that these guys are globbed in one expansive LUMP. They are not diversified. GOP traitors
And determined to drag the entire world back to it with them so they can settle thousand year old disputes. Madness.
horrible, but more importantly, what is the status of congressional term limits/flat tax? #civilwar #abolishonepercent
.@KamalaHarris I'm showing you what's right with this picture.
Trump reverses abortion policy for aid to NGOs https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/reverse-abortion-policy-aid-ngos …
Ok all old white men that have made many woman pregnant but wll not allow woman to decide what to do with their own bodies!!!!
Yes they did, finally !!  Most Americans feel they don't need to spend our tax money on abortions in other countries.
@HillaryClinkon #all weak men
#
also the gold drapes are really ugly
@Vanessa_KDeLuca well instead of drawing attention through tweets, stop giving up democratic power to repubs via middle ground
UGH! I'm trying to mobilize ppl to tweet same time, same thing: Would love your help: http://sametweetsametime.com/ 
I wonder how many children Donald Trump would have if it wasn't for abortion 
@cureworks That is a lie! ! Made it easier Ave more affordable. Maybe you should do your own research before spreading lies
Truth! Working to defund Planned Parenthood, implement law & order, pro toxic energy & anti environment
@Medicayy two phones on his desk? Also the lighting is a bit yellow
- all men
- all white
- President won minority of votes 
- nazis standing in Oval Office
- trump in charge

.....in 2017
no vaginas there / except trump
Thanks for being a strong voice in opposing this all-male misogynistic admin
umm...no women?
@julieplec ugh, the great white male strikes again!
Well they voted for Trump without thinking what's going to happen. Maybe they'll think twice next time.
but you libs think it's gr8 that all white men on the supreme court voted for abortion #cowards all of you
Besides the fascist signing the order, you mean?
POTUS did not ban abortions!  He's not going 2 use tax payers  2 fund it! Tax payers hv rights 2! Pro-abortion can 'go fund'
Yah, that's a pretty diverse group of people. So impressed.
history will show Abortions R murder, but U know that-Demand long term birth control mandatory instead instead
R U starting your OWN #Fakenews program? Everything is the same except U pay for abortions now not me
still legal but U pay now.Hhow can U get 42k retweets 4 lying like this? Oh yes, sheep &  goats->better beware of the Muslims
tell me exactly what obliges American taxpayers to provide abortion.....I mean "health care"... around the world?
that you're not propping up the desk with your head?
why should public employees stop working to watch Trump sign his name? Is it to help Trump with his spelling?
. @KamalaHarris Abortion is not 'healthcare' for the child being killed. 'Access' hasn't changed, just US taxpayer funding. #chooselife
Abortion is NOT health care it is MURDER.
@I
I RATHER TELL YOU WHAT IS GREAT ABOUT THE PICTURE! THEY ARE ERADICATING OBAMA EVIL AND DECEIT!
http://www.hallmarkintergroup.com/hallmark-mye-book/ …
