So you have no problem with Mueller's relationship with Comey which will be grounds for dismissal
@wanba @ThePlumLineGS I think Rubio is "deeply disturbed" about the prospect of Mueller getting fired.
As in "very concerned"?
Yes that is what he will say when mueller actually gets fired. And of course do nothing as usual.
Likely true, if his reelection in five years depends on a pro-Trump constituency. I hope Trump will be removed long before that.
Yes they do. Even if it angers their constituents, because it's the right thing to do for the country .
Which ones believe their oaths of office? And which ones are Russian lackeys?
Damn straight!!!!  please excuse my language
It's not unacceptable, it's an impeachable offense. Use the words. Otherwise Trump will keep obstructing and it will be normalized.

@RonWyden what happens if the President fires Robert Mueller? What does a "constitutional crisis" mean and what will be done about it?
I left Oregon (and you) behind you hypocritical partisan hack. Obama destroyed this country..you and many other dems are as much to blame.
I suggest Ustep away from @senorrinhatch I've supported him for 40 yrs. He's lost his facilities/principles. Whatever happened 2 compassion?
Every senator needs to be on alert that this Russian collusion "investigation" won't be tolerated much longer without proof of wrongdoing!

That's why I wonder why your name is on a bill limiting free speech. It seems even more important in light of recent events.

Yo Ron!
Morning Ron. Still want an answer on that pesky first amendment thing. Signed a voter in your district.
The only thing putting us in crisis is the media
No it's definitely the con-man in chief
Cant fix stupid...read a little history...enlightening.
You use the word stupid and you ask other to read a little. Lol. Grab a thesaurus bro
That response was limp at best
You would know limp better than the next man. Keep walking kid. You can't hold a grown folk convo
Ahhh don't be so salty Mr. Limp
Lol you would know salty me softy. Keep walking into em. You'll lose every time. My presidents in there. #lastlaugh sweetheart
u took $186k from healthcare companies.
I'd let him fire him if you guys would PROMISE NOT TO DESTROY OUR HEALTHCARE. But you won't, right? So why would i bother asking...

Already there, writing is on the wall.
That is not your call senator. Get off this democratic high horse and WISE UP.
Why would it be unacceptable? Witch hunts are not a priority. What should be a priority is investigating known issues like Hillary's emails!
Wyden is corrupt. He sits on a committee that is a TOTAL conflict of interest for him! BUT he doesn't care..it's about MONEY to this jerk!
Part of the oath: "I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic..." NO EXCUSES
Exactly! I'm afraid just empty words to gang in WH
I have every confidence that if a team of Republican lawyers were investigating Hillary you would screaming to high Heaven
Aren't we really already there?
I am so grateful for your service. Thank you, Sen Ron Wyden.
Thank you Senator Wyden.
Please go further, push harder. Our country is at stake.
Mueller's conflicts of interests must be exposed. Hired team of lawyers 1 worked for Clinton foundation the others gave to HRC campaign
So did Trump
Is it possible for dems to force a lock in...noone leaves till Repubs readjust their priorities & vow loyalty to the Constitution not DT?
What's unacceptable is you taking $186,000 in bribes from the insurance companies time some real investigative work starts drain the swamp!
Agree %
Go on record as to what the consequences will be...otherwise it is more talk.

Mueller is a subordinate officer to the president and can be fired by him at any time
You guys need to figure out a way to remove Trump. YOU DON"T WANT Americans to do it...because if they do, they won't stop at WH.
Yes. We. Are. Constitutional crisis is virtually inevitable. We will get some useful laws from its resolution. I believe in the Constitution
Mueller's scope of investigation far reach. Scope limit to Russia & election only. Private citizen biz prior to running for office. 2013?!
Thank you Sir. You are an exemplary American hero & on the right side of history. Your courage & dedication in this matter means the upmost.
Reappoint Mueller as Independent Counsel.
@senrobportman where do you stand?
Why haven't we impeached yet?  It makes no sense.
Yes, EVERY senator, or we know the country where their allegiances lie.
Glad you're persuading your GOP colleagues personally, one-on-one. If they're not receptive, convince their friends/family/staff.
How many of your GOP colleagues have enough REAL patriotism to do so?  I predict very, very few. They are FAKE "patriots".
This is at the feet of the @GOP it's all their fault
@realDonaldTrump & the extremist from the @GOP wants this: unrest, hate, confusion, & distraction. It's #1 in the dictatorship playbook
This is nothing new. Forgotten by many, but not new.
This is the Bill Clinton witch hunt all over again. This proves beyond a doubt, that business people would be insane to run for office.
Every senator needs to put country squarely over party right now. Are you listening, @GOP and @TheDemocrats ?
Let's investigate all your dealings for the last ten years as well as all your tax returns to determine Russian collusion in the election.
House too.
Not just unacceptable.  Impeachable.
Thank you for trying. I hope it works.
Not happening with the brown-nosers surrounding 45. Speaking of brown-nosers, hello there @Scaramucci. Trying 2 out brown-nose @seanhannity?
Fat chance sadly
Every Rep too.
#RememberWhitewater
#WatergateWithRussianDressing
#IsMelaniaARussianHoneyPot?
#WhoVettedMelania?
Spicer, Sessions, and 600 Carrier employees now know Trump lies have no end. He is not conservative,Christian,for workers, civil servants
Yes- just as the unsinkable Titanic hit the iceberg....
A Massive Constitutional Tsunami Is Coming! GOP Enablers Will Be Swept Away!
Absolutely.
Rs have not paid a price for Trump. They won’t move against him until they do. It’s the same principal as Syria and chem weapons
Trump is the Republicans' O.J. Simpson, they'll find him innocent no matter what the facts say.
Standing beside you with my hair awry and my wand out... I will not put up with anyone disrespecting our Constitution- from either party!
Are heading there?  No, we are already there.  It's real.
@MaxBoot @washingtonpost hahahaha, Mueller needs to go, Deep State hatchet man that he is, looking for his Scooter Libby.
Yes!
i say FIRE HIM!
Guess I figured we were already there but whatevs sells stories.
Fine.  Keep Mueller.  But, appoint new special prosocuter for Hillary's emails and Bill's Russia speech money, Clinton Foundation. Justice!
Have you met Mitch?
Impeach Trump and the problem is solved.
i hope one day an investigation is started on you. You are not representative of real americans when you married your wife for her millions
@realDonaldTrump must be impeached and removed NOW to avoid further obstruction of justice. #LockHimUp NOW
#JailTrump
Wyden..your unacceptable to even represent Oregon! You and the rest of the Swamp!! Get over your loss and start working with our POTUS!!
Something is very WRONG if Mueller is fired. Trump is shaken & WORRIED. So can not be allowed to toss Mueller & close DOWN INVESTIGATION.
Not sure if he will listen to them.
Not just unacceptable!He needs to know the punishment will be the start of impeachment proceedings.Nearly everything since 1/20 unacceptable
Agreed. Trump is floating balloons to gauge reaction, and he's not getting much of one. I'm very worried about that.
R U saying every #Senator HAS 2 back war-criminal Nazi offspring Mueller & Feinstein (both inv in murder of Chandra #Levy @IDF) & bhind 911!
#JEWISH #IDF @IsraeliPM @IDFSpokesperson @idfonline @Israel @IsraeliPM_heb It's these f'ng Op/Proj Paperclips (Nazi-Jews, Nazis) & KKK +
It was never about the 'Russians ' admit it Ron. You know this was about being a sore loser that you still are!
Preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. #GOP #ImpeachTrump #25thamendment Country before party.
Are U complicit or completely stupid @RonWyden ?? My evidence (disk +) went global in 2005. I have definitive evidence agst #Mueller Nazi
excuse me, but I have definitive EVIDENCE that Mueller was fully involved in & behind 911 & doing horrible war crimes 2 my son & me @POTUS
Muller needs to Fire all his attorneys who are tarnished by contributing to the Hillary Campaign!
Get it together & simply make Muellers Investigation Independant, we can all get on to ignoring Trump all together. Sessions already is.
To late,  it started Nov.8
All I hear is crickets.
@SallyB1029 @washingtonpost OR, "ever watch a domino fall? U  never know where reaction will be. Mueller is master domino player"
@SallyB1029 @washingtonpost Or, "U shd be werry, weery, careful. Firing Mueller is boobytrapped, & you R the BOOBY" The Resistance
You R the BOOBY 
I thought you were snacking me until I saw ROFL. My pleasure to give a wee bit of levity.
We need it to get through this mess 
@SallyB1029 @washingtonpost How about "If you don't come out public ally against Mueller firing, UR seat is OURS." The Resistance"
by watching what congressmen do on the Trump/russia, it may be possible to determine who else is "owned" by Russia
Is he getting uglier every day or is it just me?
It's unacceptably unconscionable that you would Co-Sponsor a Bill to Imprison US-Citizens who speak against a US-Israel Partnership. #WTFRon
Can but great repercussions will occur.
Impeachment of Complicit Congress.
GOP complicit.
Yes! A pre-emptive strike.
I feel like I;m going to be sick just looking an him and listening to his creepy voice!!!
I believe we are not heading to, but currently in a constitutional crisis that has the potential to get much worse. The GOP needs to step up
@ThePlumLineGS Every Senator and STAT.
...A valid call to ALL Senators to support Mr. Mueller.
Funny how you never called out Obama for all his shit.
So who are the Republicans, whether coming up for re-election or not, who will stand up for the country? Time to unite across the aisle!
Absolutely no more!!! He is shaming your democracy sir! The USA is better than this!! 
No, we have already arrived, and the seat belt sign has been turned off....
@SenToomey will u go on the record?
Further, if Mueller fired then Independent Investigator empowered.
Renact the Special Counsel Act so that if he fires Mueller Congress can hire him back immediately. Show DT you mean business!
Republican House Would Go Bug Fucking Crazy And For Sure The Dems Would Take The House In 2018 Bar Serious Cheating So "Special Counsel Act"
Absolutely! I think people need to start pressing their senators immediately. This cannot happen. I think it in essence would be treasonous.
But it's acceptable to criminalize #BDS...
The answer is YES!!!
The Monstrosity in the Peoples House is causing havoc throughout the US and entire World is in danger bc of IT firing Mueller is more proof
RON WYDEN you dont even live in Oregon. Not my representative. MAGA!
Agreed.  The GOP needs to put on their big boy pants and face up to the career criminal in the WH and correct what they have damaged.
You only want to keep Mueller bc his team is made up of ALL dems. Get to work on a healthcare bill Ron. You are wasting MY MONEY. #orpol
Why are you telling us? We know. TELL THEM.
Heading??? We r in a Constitutional crisis. Stop the semantics and word games. Get Trump and Pence out of here! @SenateDems @CNN @BBCWorld
We need a War-on-ConCrisis and build three huge fucking walls around three branches of government so no illegals violate the constitution.
I'd like to caution against holding your breath my friends. 

You must know @GOP by now. You can't *step it up* with no spine!
Ask not what your country can do for you but what you can do for your country. That's to not rest at all until you to impeach POTUS.
.@marcorubio What's your opinion?
"on the record"??  We hear McCain and Graham for example, attack trump policy often, then they vote in lock step for his proposals.
This makes it abundantly clear,as as if it wasnt before, trimp doesnt give a fuck bout the constitution.
Yes!!
Can you hear the people sing?
Thank you @RonWyden
Coming from a Sen in OR where you can check mark non-binary on a DL. He doesn't really think decisions are important- a he, a she or a rock?
Those who want to stay senator after 45* probably will.
I'm not so sure. A lot of these guys don't seem to have much of a backbone.
You're probably right, Ron.
Or Americans could march down to the White House and just throw out Trump instead of sitting at home tweeting. Just saying.
"Heading?"
I believe we've been in one since before November &it's only gonna get worse repubs will never impeach so he'll never be charged or removed
Honestly,Ryan, McConnell, Grassley S.King are Party first, and Country last.
Need to fire you too
Absolutely.
Yes. They all need to stand united.
Amen!  Thank you, sir!  Could Congress make a joint statement?
Wow really this is no more then a joke and American people can see it is no more then a witch hunt!
@SenBobCorker @SenAlexander
I'd much rather he was fired. And that the firer was then impeached.
You make good points.
Yeah, that would be really nice. Hey @SenateGOP 238 million people who DIDN'T VOTE FOR TRUMP would like to know this is still the USA.
Sen, as 1 of your constituents, I thank U for your statement. I am busy trying 2 assemble a #NationalGeneralStrike if Mr Mueller is touched!
And Wray needs to not be confirmed!
Crickets
RESISTANCE:Joined together by Flag,ensuring
Democracy/Law/Constitution for future.
Discover truth about Trump!
REP READ ABOVE ITS YOUR OATH!
yes on the record he gets fired and Or that compound goes back to Russians and its the women's match times 100 we are at enough already
um....HEADED FOR?  We've been in one since Election Day!!
Does DJT really think we would let this slide? That we wouldn't know? Mueller is burying him something fierce.
Y.E.S. And thank you @RonWyden URmy dad's senator - former Prof from U of O - and we really appreciate YOU. I am in NYC + have 2 good ones!
We appear to be on a collision course with the Constitution -- a document with which DJT has zero familiarity or understanding at all. Scary
No Shit!
I say we'll hit Constitutional crisis & go over the edge. The GOP doesn't have the balls to stand up to a bully--or their constituents.
Thank you! We will persist & resist peacefully! #MuellerIsComing #Democrats @GOP  Stand with USA!
#Resistance
The FBI can't cover-up for Russia. What about national security? How is the FBI supposed to prevent terrorism, with a new boss every month?
You need to ask for his resignation the whole klan. want a revote this one was tainted snd no one associated with the donald will be trusted
Absolutely if you want to save democracy.
He fires Mueller like he did Comey, THAT is obstruction of justice. That is grounds for impeachment.
If people don't step up , we are heading for a Dictatorship, Yrump as little Hitler, Trump is delusional
You're going to be able to count Republican senators on one hand.
We already ARE at a const crisis. Trump is playing the system on his terms. Makes Nixon look like Mother Teresa.
The constitutional crisis began on Nov. 9.
EXACTLY @TheRickWilson
You need to be fired!
Thank you for standing up for us. Hope all your fellow senators follow suit.
This is Major!
If they did not do anything wrong, why is he talking about pardons? Seems a bit fishy.
We have been heading that way for a long 6 months
Yep!
Don't senators take an oath to uphold the constitution?
Yes! Every. Single. Senator.  Time for partisan games is over. Country and our Democracy 1st! 
Please reiterate Rep Engel's call for a bipartisan Independent Commission.
Fake President Trumpet dare to do it
Amen
#CROOKS:
#Deflect #Shane:Why would senator Grassley call off the hearings with Trump Jr & company. Dam cover up attempt by Republicans like Grassley. 
I think we're in a constitutional crisis. Hope we can work our way through it and end up with a respectable POTUS after Trump impeachment.
@TourrettesJoker @washingtonpost We're headed towards a dictatorship crisis.
We ARE in a constitutional crisis!
Sorry Ron but you know GOP leadership will never do that. They will support DT no matter what. He is their savior.
@GOP are cowards #Traitors #LockThemAllUp every republican who stays quiet about #TrumpRussiaCoverUp. #TheResistance will not be silence.
We are in a constitutional crisis
Thank you for speaking out! The people want better than @SenMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan, @realDonaldTrump They do not represent American Values
congress needs to appoint a bi-partisan commission to investigate the attack on our election by Russia & if Trump & associates r compromised
Another Saturday night massacre, but Tump appears oblivious to the Constitutional crisis it will bring about.
Ron, please explain why you are backing the bill to criminalize free speech.
Please keep on it Senator, America is counting on you folks in the Senate to protect us from this tyrant.
@GOP This is recorded, preserved & documented history now. Where will your place in history be? Step up & do the right thing.
@repgregwalden are you on board?
They need to state that it is unacceptable, and there will be consequences. Impeachment.
They won't.
If he fires Mueller I think you will see people marching in the streets protesting. We've had enough & this downward spriral can't continue
@kateinCT1 @washingtonpost stand firm for our democracy!
On the Senate floor. Tweets won't cut it.
Republicans will choose Party over Country everytime.
Use whatever is in your arsenal, this will cause a shit storm like you've never seen, we the people will NOT sit quietly!
Senator Wyden, what is the status with the HC vote.  I'm afraid with all this news that the HC fight is put on the back burner.
Why aren't Dems banning together to impeach Trump? Please don't tell me you are prolonging it for more donations!
Keep your tongue in your mouth, if you can senator... #WydenMustResign
We are in a constitutional crisis...our president is mad as a hatter.
Heading toward? That is like saying someone on the Titanic as it's sinking saying they are headed towards the iceberg
Shame on you for sponsoring a bill violate our 1st amendment right @RonWyden
