President Trump Tax Reform Kickoff Event in Springfield, MO – LIVE at 2:30pm ET on C-SPAN http://cs.pn/2wSTsw5  
Work with Democrats, Mr. President? Your office hasn't called...
What do you know about workers, Mr. President? Besides ripping them off at Trump Org.
Tax cuts ≠ Economic Growth
We will not know if Trump would benefit from tax "reform"since he refuses to release his tax returns.
Democrats are not looking to obstruct *real* tax reform. Our letter to Trump & GOP leaders:
The only thing you are surrendering to with this tax "plan" is big special interests
No evidence that lower corporate taxes mean higher wages. They mean higher profits and bigger dividends.
Wait, that's it?? No details?
Have U fact-checked how US only citizen tax & #FATCA drag on US econ & competitiveness? http://bit.ly/2dpy8Sh  #TaxReform 
.@RepRichardNeal
Where are you &your constituants ideas and reforms. we can all agree it's necessary ,only now is it being addressed.please just do your job
I can hardly wait to see what U'r handlers allow U to say, puppet!
Please fact check. Trump makes up sh.t & everything is "the best ever" "the greatest ever" and "huge."
If you're checking for facts, a Trump speech is not the place to go... I'd check elsewhere.
You get him Ron! But fact checking the liar and chief will really keep you busy!
I have a great idea - Oregon NEEDS to join California in Calexit. And, add Washington State, too. Then, the USA can get some peace!!
Oh..im sure your fact checking wont have any of the usual personal political opinions..
Fact: You dont live in Oregon and you have never had a Job.
Yes... your childish tweets are a great way 2 make people want to work with u! Good job You don't truly care about citizens right? 
Our president don't need you sticking your nose in
I don't understand how you are a #Senate
***My intern who runs my twitter account will be...
It'd be nice if I had 1 dime of my $s stolen by #Mueller, #Pelosi, #Goldman/DiFi, #GovtCriminals. Don't even know if my JEWISH son is alive.
Small and mid size businesses are still the biggest job creators. They deserve a break, as do the middle class.
"Reform" is the spin word the GOP have been instructed to use by the Koch bros. The real term is 'tax cuts for the super rich'.
You couldn't fact check your way out of a wet paper bag!!!
How come you don't fast check Antifa
And what did #FakePresident pay in taxes last year? Year before? Does he pay any?
Ron didn't factcheck Hillary as she enriched her HEDGE FUND MANAGERS who bought her & Democrats!
So glad you have time to FACT CHECK.. it shows how LITTLE YOU REALLY DO..
Let me help you out Senator, EVERY SINGLE STATEMENT will be a lie.  There, your fact check is finished.  Still looking 4ward to ur rebuttal.
Having another " Love me" event while the South is deluged & people have died. What they need is reassurance and help. Instead, this???
thanks.. You're great ! I'm thinking he's going to lie - tear into the press and get in a CROOKED HILLARY ..blah blah I'm Great
You are such a negative person. You assume the facts will not be true.  The system is BROKEN.
Its elected Dems like yrself who have hurt yr party and created division in US, alredy u r resisting, lol keep it up so Rep win every seat,
Bullshit and lies are all he's got. COSTING AMERICA MILLIONS & NOTHING PRODUCTIVE DONE! Gotta STOP this.
Only u and yr emotionally unfit self. U didnt ask voters, didnt ask anyone in yr district, u hurried to try and bash OUR pres, stay home sir
6 tweets from you sir, all showing true colors, u criticize OUR pres, say u want tax reform but not from trump, lol and ur tweets represent
I hope yoi have an unlimited plan brcause you are going to be very busy.
You will be lying and sniveling in fact.
His tax reform speech sounded similar to what you & Bill Bradley tried in 1986. I'd think you would be trying to help not cause trouble.
Tendonitis is real, please have ice packs at the ready.  And don't be a hero, it's ok to back out of your thumbs get sore!!
Springfield, MO is Bible Belt. Very telling he is announcing there.
Whee is @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi  response to @realDonaldTrump  tax speech.  We need to respond via TV & speak up 4 @clairecmc
Spare me your tweet democrat socialist
How about you skip the live tweeting on work on getting this lunatic out of office?
Lock him up
Like anyone trust you anymore. Only people being lied to. Shame
No tax breaks for the 1%!!!
make sure you include his account in the feed...please!
I'm sure this will go as smoothly as #trumpcare did 
@SenateDems @cspan Senator Wyden do your best to stop Trump
He should be more concerned with Texas than rich people getting richer. Millions of people in trouble in Texas. All he thinks of is cash...
Do you live in Oregon anymore Ron? I've heard you don't. How many days do you actually live and spend time here- not counting campaigning
Hold Trump's feet to the fire, before that moron bankrupts America like he did with many of his businesses funded by others.
Another multimillionaire! Blah blah blah!
The lies will come to fast to Fact Check
While people drown in their homes
#libtards don't want lower taxes. who would support the lazy bums......
As POTUS speaks, Mayor of Port Arthur, TX says: "Our entire city is now under water." (55,430+)
You forgot to mention that he'll be giving this speech during the largest hurricane in modern history
Detroit, Chicago, Baltimore.... all under Dem rule for decades... under Dem pres for 8yrs... What do they have to show for it?
A man who HIDES HIS TAX RETURNS has NO BUSINESS DISCUSSING TAX REFORM @realDonaldTrump @GOP @SpeakerRyan  @SenateMajLdr @GOPLeader
Exactly!
#TeamRon2020
If Trump walked on water,  the Dems would claim it was because he can't swim.
Try paying attention for a change. PLEASE RETIRE, an embarrassment
A man who HIDES HIS TAX RETURNS has NO BUSINESS talking about Tax reform @realDonaldTrump @GOP @GOPLeader @SenateMajLdr
Thank you Senator Wyden. U rock! #Patriot
If Trump came out in favor of oxygen, all of the Democrats would suffocate themselves.
Are you sure you can fact check his lies as fast as he tells them?
Thank you 
Thank u #RonWyden for fact checking the "Liar in Chief " 
Ugghh!  Why do we have to see and hear this guy every flippin' day?
Where are Trump's Taxes?
Why are we paying for this campaign rally?
You arn't.. you only pay for DNC rally's
If 80% of illegal border traffic has been stopped, why do we need a wall?
You might require several fact checkers
CEO pay so far out of control is proof that corporations do not need tax cuts. Wealth gap solutions needed!
It's. All. Bullshit. Fact check complete. #TrumpResign
Terrible! Our "pres" tells his audience to vote a sitting senator out of office if she doesn't do what he wants! Get rid of HIM instead!
Thanks Ron....
Keep on trucking Ron!
Not a Tax Reform. Just more Tax relief for the Wealthy & Corporations.
Trickle Down does not work. Not since Reagan's Piddle Down was Shown to be only Helpful to Wealthy. YOU WEALTHY? Why VOTE GOP? Work for RICH
Capitalism is Great, until it becomes an Oligarchy. Then Rich Rule by Oppression as in Putin's Russia. Putin may be Richest man in the world
USA on it's way to Oligarchy. Then Chuck your Flag & Truckers cap. Get in long lines for about everything Comrade. Next Generation Paysforit
show your tax returns, trump. No support until the full and unredacted versions are out. No more lies about "audits".
Fact check him live?  Hopefully you've had lots of coffee this morning!!!
Senator Wyden is an outstanding leader and I'm  happy with the majority of our Democratic leaders.
How about stupid childish behavior Wyden and work with president to lower tax's rate so rich who hide money pay 14% instead of 0% like do
now because hide money oversea because cheaper then u.s 35% tax rate which high in the world!!!! Sorry but time lower rate bring jobs home.
Sit this one out. Government works better without you.
My question to you is, what are your economic achievements for this country, we are fact checking that and finding nothing exciting sorry
The GOP's tax plan will not be made public because if it were the people would begin the recall efforts.
"The White House said that the address is not expected to delve into policy details."

Shocking, I know...
What's the Hold up,Is the Pos talking about himself as Usual
While you are at it fact check how terrific of a speech so far and how really great he has done leading our country through this disaster
The hate & the ignorance of most of these tweets is unbelievable!
3% GDP Growth. I hope you learn something.
You mean "I'll be trying to twist his every word to fit my lying rhetoric ' .. HOW MUCH DOES BIG PHARMA PAY YOU ???
Grab a strong cup of coffee :D
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit drinking coffee.
I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue.
Yes!!! That's what I was going for.
Fact checking too, Ron? You're gonna be really busy.
We will be watching. Thank you Ron
Start by reminding everyone in the room that he's in no position to talk to US about taxes. it just needs to be said out loud sometimes.
I despise the sound of his voice and the stupidity that comes out of his mouth.
Any typos will be excused. Know it will be hard to keep up with his lies.
My predictions: tax cuts for the wealthy and a border tax (VAT) on imports that will destroy US businesses
Make the rich...rich again?
False.   False.   False.   False.  False.  False ummm falce
Thank you!!
Should be fun. Do they have tvs in Houston that work on H2O?
Good luck with that Sir! What's your wpm?400?
Tax reform shouldn't even be discussed until Trump releases his damn tax returns!!!
The word "reform" shouldn't be used at all. It's just tax cuts for the rich. Everyone should call it what it is.
Where I come from we call it bullshit
"speech"
Should be interesting.. all lies I'm sure
You're the best 
@cspan Don't waste your time on it get to work on fixing the ACA.
"everything he said is a lie"

There, I saved you some fact checking time
Thank you! #Impeach45
I wish I could vote for you. But, at least my sister does. Let’s see if @realDonaldTrump can even differentiate #taxreform from #taxcuts.
