I'll fight w/every tool I have for legal protections these incredible young ppl need to continue contributing to our country—THEIR country
It is always scary to commit a crime. Deport all dreamers
Perhaps you can work with @realDonaldTrump on a constitutional solution
How about impeaching trump and letting grown ups run the country
Well what a novel concept! Lets look at the rest of the shithole states/cities/worst budgets crime stats and study it for...2 seconds...how Wyden's gang is doing. Shall we?
If it werent for CA ppl. cashing in their chips moving north decades going now, OR and WA would be...well everybody knows.
Yeah, how well are those hurricane disaster states doing?
Nice job Wyden. Please act sooner rather than later with this terrible issue. Put it behind us ASAP. Who is taking the lead with this?
Your, obviously, a demoKKKrat
How about legal, law-abiding American citizens a$$clown.
Wrong illegals have no rights period and u know better than to spew your falsehoods .... democrats supporting illegals makes it very clear they do not place American citizens first .
Thank you! I'm proud you're my senator!
He is an embarrassment and so are you
Lying sack
Deport them all
Can we find some way to kick the Nazis out instead?
Great idea! How about a 1 for 1 swap?
Let's start with the politicians in the White House: Trump, Conway, Miller, Ivanka, Jared, Huck-Sanders, Pence, ...
#Drainers  Daffy Duck
Protect them: Propose a way out of this. They prove taxpaying jobs,  prove doing well in college. Whining/complaining re Trump doesn't help.
And they kill people
They are ILLEGALS. Say it. ILLEGALS.
And you sir place illegal immigrantion above the law. A sad commentary on what once was the best and fairest judicial system in the world.
if your a dreamer then you should b thanking our president he is trying to make you a citizen which is permanent not like Obama's temporary stay. the Democrats are using you don't fall for it. they want to keep you illegal to use you when the elections come up
How about if your a veteran in Oregon   Vets first
Some of the dreamers are active duty military.
Research how many.
They won’t be alone when they are deported either. They will have lots of company.
That makes about 800,001 of you now. No other country in the world would do what the left is proposing. Simply stupid Ron.
Oregon is an embarrassing State run into the ground by individuals like yourself
To bad u don't feel the same for American Citizens.  #VoteThemOut #ReleaseTheMemo #EndDACANow #NoAmnesty #EndChainMigration #EndVisaLottery
Your parents really screwed you up. Did you have a father or two moms
Guess what, Katie Steinle was a dreamer too. She dreamed of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness as an American citizen. Illegal immigration took that away.
Dreamers! 
Of course Dreamers aren't alone, someone smuggled them in and helped them steal a social security number.
#dreamer
No. 
Remove them no matter their age,   or situation.
Your elected to represent all Oregon-I am not a demo, a dreamer, a gay, a trans, I am a OR citizen work for ins, food & a home.
Focus on all Oregon Citizens, you get hung up on a couple issues and you loose focus of the whole!
Proud to be an Oregonian right now 
I am with you a lot of my friends are hurting right now. We need to protect them and keep them here. Please.
We thank you and appreciate your support.  We need to support DACA recipients.  #WESUPPORTDREAMERS. #SOMOSINMIGRANTESCONSUEÑOSGRANDES.
The law is still the Law.  Dreamers should have spent their time working on getting legal. They have had the time...
I am sure they are so comforted by you.
As far as I know...nobody is being targeted for deportation.  Mr. Senator, you are scaring people for no reason.  (other than political}
Then please work to pass legislation to protect them.
DACA was illegally created by Exec Order, it was Congress's responsibility to put into law, quit blaming Prez for everything, do ur Job 
What if you're an American Dreamer born to two American parents. To hell with them, right?
We need to remember our roots. Our country was founded by immigrants. That's why we're a beautiful multi cultural cntry
LEGAL ones NOT ILLEGALS
More Governors like Ohio's John Kasich should open their borders to Dreamers encouraging them to relocate #Dreamers #DefendDACA
Why do you put illegals ahead of legal immigrants. Illegals drive down wages and increase cost of govt education and medical.
We are a land of law.  It's fine to support dreamers, but please respect our law and order.
Phony Wyden Had eight years tot Pass a Bill to Help Dreamer!s He was a Coward! He wasn't with you !
Thank you Ron Wyden!
Nice tweet.
I wish u had the same commitment to our homeless teens who don't seem to get much attention at all.
@ShinzonComdr Hope you can way to stop Trump taking advantage of the dreamers
Get some horse trading done. Settle this issue for decades please.
I am tired of Trump Supporters spouting how important it is to follow the law. When a law is unjust you fight it. #daca #compassion
This can be fixed.   Let's not make this difficult to accomplish.
No more scary and awful than its been for average Americans facing a tyrannical gov.
Looks like you are for keeping wages suppressed to keep Oregonian's poor.  Amazon would be proud to have you help with that.
Thank you Senator Wyden.  To all Dreamers - we ARE with you!
Sure, he'll be with you for six months right up to the time you get DEPORTED!
If we could just deport  few Socialist Senators.
Apparently the sovereignty of our Great Nation is of little concern to Lying Ron Wydhole.
Great, you have 6months. Perfect for those votes members of Congress will need
Wrong.  #NoDACA so no incentive for more to come illegally.  You swore to uphold the Constitution!
You had many years to fix it. Obama said it was temporary. You are to blame.
A+
Then do your job and work on immigration reform!
Thank you. Please continue this fight and the many, many others on behalf of Oregonians.
Does Oregon care? gentrification and displaced black Oregonians?  Corporations stealing from blacks once again.
# not my senator!! You don't live in Oregon you can't talk for Oregon's
What happened to the "rule of law" that you site when it fits your narrative.  Could you be a bigger hypocrite?
I am not a dreamer but my 2 children are. I LEGALLY adopted them when at ages 8 & 11 when they're mother died.
I'm with you.  I know many more are out there feel the same. Trumps era is an ugly one. #staystrong #DACA
Cosponsor S.1615 DREAM Act. Take action, make it happen.
Proud you are my senator! Keep up the great work!
wyden, I need you 2 check in2 how much money is spent on illegals, dreamers & refugees in Oregon & get back 2 me ASAP? Think how many of us
How many of us American Oregonians that money could've helped 2 live the American dream, instead of foreigners. TAKE CARE OF YOUR OWN FIRST!
Why do you encourage breaking the law oops you folks make 160,000 per year but leave Washington usually millionaires.i forgot about your law
A democrat supporting those who are violating federal law and scared to do his job. 
Foolish is assuming I'm republican. #INSTABLOCK
We are watching your contribution in passing legislation in congress, you have 6-months. Don't obstruct
List your address so they can live with you.
Geez dude, you sound like a kindergarten teacher.  Grow up.
Yeah.  You're with them alright.  Here's some of your dreamers...
Maybe you can get one of your kids to date one.
Pay for their citizenship.....
They pay for their own citizenship!
@RonWyden is with them so, he should pay out of his own pocket.
They pay for themselves.
So... what's the Congress plans on Tax Reform, Repealing ObamaCare and LASTLY Immigration Reform ? #Inquirers #WannaKnow #6Months
Thank you!
DACA is unconstitutional.

Why don't you post anything like this for veterans coming home
What about American kids who dream of a paid college education? Vote for DACA is a vote against American college kids  can't afford college!
And you can have free education free abortions. You do not have to go by laws. Our government doesn't have laws
Too bad you can't fight for our Constitution and Bill of Rights
Really?
You don't even live in Oregon Ron (((Wyden)))
Thanks for being a leader!
A leader would follow the laws until they are legally changed.
Lip service get to work or resign. Stop being lazy.

I guess we're just a bunch of haters while you're modeling perfect love.
Thank you.
You are with "DREAMERS" because you never  were with American kids.

Don't get mad at AG Sessions for enforcing our immigration laws. Get mad at your parents for breaking them.
How would you KNOW You are in DC?
Exactly .@RonWyden a lot of people stand with #DacaDreamers we are nothing like those that stand against U! Thanks #TNAG 4 dropping lawsuit!
I dream of a fair stock market but where is our government? It's 4x overpriced per historical measures and diligent investors unjustly lose.
I dream of justice in Oregon but even getting hit by a car while a pedestrian, our justice here says it's fine for cars to hit pedestrians.
The best thing you can do is to reach across the aisle and solve this with bipartisan legislation. Get started, the clock's tickin
He is a resister.His way is the only way. But he doesn't represent all Oregonians.
But if you're a law abiding American the rest of Oregon is with U not this supporter of a nation with no borders! Move to a country w/o them
Oh boy illegals,Rons behind you, by looks of it,all the way to the state line on your way out. Pity
Every Day is Scary & Awful under the reign of @realDonaldTrump @GOP #MAGAts
Thank you, sir!
In your hands now Ronny
He ain't Allstate, so good luck
They are always watching you....or watching through you...who needs jails anymore when you can make them crazy with the credibility to lie?
#StandWithDreamers
Thank you for standing with them.
Get your colleagues in Congress to impeach Dump. Enough is enough.
No grounds..this is Obama mess..Capital Hill needs to fix it..even Obama agrees that President cannot make it law..
