Questions include when top executives knew about breach, forced arbitration & other consumer protections.
They have proven they cannot be in this Credit business which is all about the lender anyway. So pull their license. They get a parking lot.
My social security card says on it,notto be used for ID purposes.  Have the banking & credit institutions pay to issue everyone new #s /2
The breach appears to affects all countries Equifax operates in. Here in UK too.
Who hacked Equifax? Was it trump's friends in the Kremlin? To distract from the Mueller investigation?
#good
Go get 'em Sen Wyden! They need to offer credit freeze for FREE to all victims. No BS arbitration clauses to get it, either. #equifaxbreach
@realDonaldTrump is going to have to pardon #Equifax
This is a national security breach of the highest order.
Why does #Equifax have the right to store personal data? Who authorized them to do that? Do people have the right to opt-out?
I am still ot sure either! I never okay them to be all up in my business..Trans Union either! Gimmie my shit back!  @Equifax @TransUnion !
They need to wipe everyone's credit clean and let us all start with 600 scores..only fair @Equifax y'all screwed the pooch not us!
Amirite?!
FICO scores are now even more meaningless and capricious than ever #EndFICOscores
I would like to see Equifax "eat" the fees they charge to freeze your accounts. They created this mess. They should not profit from it.
Can the IRS be beefed up for the next year given the extreme vulnerability our tax payers face? W/ identity theft millions r at risk
Great! Let's modernize our identity management so that we aren't all screwed for life by antiquated, unrevokable information.
doesn't Equifax already sell that data around the world? You guys already failed to regulate them. Why should I care much about the hack
counting on you
MegaData should be held legally responsible for the data they collect.
While you are at it, ask how secure the other credit agencies systems are. Don't wait for it to happen again.
And find a different way to track customers credit and banking that is more secure.  But obviously the current system is not working! /3
Great start! I work in IT, you need more info/details on #6-9 than the questions you have there! This effects HIPAA so EVERYONE (ICD-10)
Sadly Ron, this is exactly the conversation you and I had over dinner at Higgins in 2000, and now the massive data leak has occurred.
Who is senor rin hatch
Soon to be president. Senator from Utah. Old white guy.

Jokes on you. I don't play the fooseball.

Orin Hatch is going to be your president soon. Whether you like it or not. 
Sounds like you've been listening to the #ScoobyGang. Don't hold your breath.
You guys won't do shit! Republican or Democrat, you just keep feeding us morsels of rhetoric while legalizing this systemic  behavior. Sad!
Please please look at finding a way to return social security numbers to what they were supposed to be, which was not to be used for ID /1
Thank you so much!!  Oregon resident here and I'm extremely happy to know you are on this senator Wyden. #Equifax
If Equifax Credit Agency (143M ssns!) can be hacked, why doesn't our gov't hack the Kremlin to see what kinda sex tapes they have of potus?
100% agreed!
Not really: you do know that paper can be stolen as well, right? Identity theft through stolen mail is common.
I couldn't believe an ad I saw for them wanting to check the dark net for you.
Omg I'm so offended every time is see that ad.  Why don't they work in company security instead of surfing dark web for money!
Jail time! They profited & now are scamming us for our info again! How long will be buy into this rotten system?
They should cease to exist as a company.
We consumers have no idea whether our most personal info was hacked. How do we protect ourselves?
They're playing Armageddon Agenda: ask George Soros - he knows what is going on. I can't get serious med care here, hrt attacks++ @IsraeliPM
CA started giving me heart attacks AFTER the NorEast FBI IFCC asked for more info. They used my convicted mother & her convicted husband +
Get E. Howard #Spitzer 2 snap out of it. CA was fundamental in 911. The world knows who I am, all the good I've done. Why do some Pope visit
Bruno & Pelosi were put in gov't by these Nazi offspring & KKK Simmons & others to steal all my works, inventions, music, monies @idfonline
Murder Inc, MK-ULTRA Proj Paperclip (Nazi offspring) & KKK "CIA" w/other domestic enemies of State were ALWAYS hacking. Homocentric NeoNazis
Thank you!!Did you know Equifax' so-called "secure PIN #" when freezing account is just the time and date stamp??That's arrogantly unsecure!
Thank you Sen. Wyden from Florence, Oregon.
This started when soon 2B JFK assassins found out my mother was pregnant w/me by her father-in-law. Her father's cousin was Albino Luciani
If U don't forcefully help me & my son, you may wind up getting all real Jews killed off. I'm not Nazi offspring @vanunumordechai @idfonline
I hope U R not a Project Paperclip. I am NOT. People globally know who I come from both sides -why treasonous crap tries to pose as related.
My son & I R the worst cases of human & civil rights abuses in USA's history. Many Nations spoke up for us - I don't even know if he's alive
I have tried contacting U, but to no avail. All communications are blocked or hacked. As for Equifax - I saw Mueller & KKK Simmons hack ALL
Great bipartisan work here.  Sadly, the only resolution is the ending of this company and all credit bureaus.
The American People want to see some accountability for their failures. This irreversible damage cannot be fixed with fines & wrist slaps
and also- prioritize prison for the execs that profited- when so many kids are in jail for pot- these men stole IDENTITIES and made millions
Please do. I was informed that my information was stolen, w/o any assurance that Equifax was going to provide any protection going forward
why? They'll lie & cya
Enron
Worldcom (=MCI) 
Tyco
HealthSouth
FreddieMac
AIG
Lehman Bros
Saytam
Countrywide
Wells Fargo
Bank of America
+
Please my wife and I were victimized not once but 3x and we didn't have stock to sell!
How about you stop letting private companies have records about us, government is supposed to protect is from this sort of thing.
We should have free consumer fraud protection for life. This is never going away for any of us. The gov't must take action to protect us.
Close them down.
Thank you so much for pursuing this - much appreciated.
Thank you Senators! We don't have a choice whether or not they have our personal information! They need to be prosecuted & someone jailed
You are hounded to change your passwords! Then Banks, CrCds, Government, etc are hacked anyway! Jan 17 I closed ALL my Credit Cards. Then my
2. ATM (Bank) got hacked. Now I am just going to use cash.TheHell with it because places like Equifax & CrCd tend to blame this crap on you!
Sorry more extraordinary is this illegitimate administration is still there.They stole it
Thank you Senator. I have no idea what to do to protect ourselves since we refinanced this year.
Thank you
We never agreed to be their customers, we are the product. Nobody should pay for their mistakes. The credit hold freeze should be free.
could U let us no how a 4profit was given right 2 collect our personal/ financial info, then hold us hostage 2 how THEY defined R fin status
I am furious that I have to pay Equifax to freeze my credit due to their security breach. This isn't a 1-yr problem for us--it's lifelong.
Think about it if someone can hack the Government and these people,then nothing is safe or a secret too much technology
Ridiculously unfair to everyone, as we didn't even have a choice in the matter. The heads of Equifax should be in prison until they die.
Developed before check digits were in use SSN is one of the most insecure numbering systems on the planet. Time to issue new numbers.
Oh, but let's abandon the CPB. #Corruption
Thank you;Equifax response has been pathetic for such a massive breach; not to mention the offloading of Exec's stock PRIOR to announcment
And they have all the information, and they messed up so many people lives and so smart now what
Please urge Equifax to allow us to freeze our credit reports for free. They want $30 from each of us to protect us from their mistake.
This isn't the first time they've had a breech. I'm sick of being a victim to their carelessness!!
They are charging me to lock down my credit even though they allowed it to get hacked



That's pretty funny... thank God he'll be sitting there for another 7-1/2 years. Trump, God and Country
Are you, or are you not, going to support Medicare for All with @SenSanders ??
Worry about giving us last year's tax refund! It's late!!! Gonna charge your butt interest!! @RonWyden @senorrinhatch @realDonaldTrump
Hold them accountable. Large corporations need to see real world repercussions and real punishments. Don't let them buy their way out.
@Equifax seems to be trying to get away with having regular folks pay for their problems and inefficiencies.
I have Lifelock...I've had some sort of ID protection for years, seems that there are a lot of breaches.
This effects me personally but I'm way more concerned about the consequences of our breached election.
THERE ARE SERIOUS NATIONAL SECURITY IMPLICATIONS TO THIS BREACH...as with OPM HACK...which still remains unresolved
Please hold them responsible for the incredibly poor way they have handled this.
Thank you, Senator.  I would be delighted to vote for you for President!
You know it's the right thing to do.  Cosponsor the Medicare for all bill.
I truly don't think many can comprehend what's coming our way. I've tried all day to get through to place my credit info on hold. No luck
