Kamala Harris is the only Senator who's been interrupted by another senator so far, by my count.
how about teach her to shut up and let the individual answer. Etique class 101.
thought she would show off her prosecutorial skills against Session by making an ass of herself
Kamala Harris trying really hard to cut off answers at exactly the point she thinks will mischaracterize his response the most. Sexism? BS
He wants to cover his ass. If you don't give him time to explain the details then details are assumed and taint his account. It's only fair
You need to take a few sick days. Not looking well. Early retirement perhaps
Thank you @RonWyden, @SenKamalaHarris and all the Democratic Senator's for asking the tough questions. We the people are depending on you.
shouldn't have to be subjected to bullet questioning-a technique used during interrogation to get someone to forget ....
Remember, 2018 is coming and if we plan now, many of THEM will be gone. We can do this. VOTE !!!
And on more than one occasion!! @SenatorBurr what's your issue?!? Woman? Woman of color? She has a senator position?! Or all of the above??
Then maybe she should change the manner in which she machine guns her questions and talks over the witness. I WANT her 2 succeed/get answers
She shouldn't have to change for @SenatorBurr - that's the point. This is every day reality for women. Especially women of color.
Grandstanding with no content or manners...she's trying to be our 3rd consecutive potus with no credentials or brains
Research shows women are interrupted by men often-perhaps Congress needs a sensitivity class to educate men about listening vs interrupting
Sen Harris asks tough and direct questions. That is the reason she is being interrupted.
She was interrupted because she's a WOMAN asking tough questions. Don't pretend that's not part of it.
I think Kamala asked tough questions that the AG could not answer without committing perjury. Jess, keep that in mind.
That has nothing to do with why she was interrupted by McCain & told to play nice. Women are held to a different standard, esp BROWN women.
Of course there is a double standard. Smart and serious people are always cut down in public. It is a gender issue too, you are correct.
In this case, it is a gender and race issue FIRST. Diminishing that fact is, in itself, contributing to the problem.
I am not diminishing anything. The fact is that Kamala asked questions made Sessions uncomfortable. That is the moral.
No, that is not "the moral." Senator Harris was interrupted for behavior that any man on the committee would be praised for.
That is bc she is so rude & brash and does not allow the person to answer her question. How many times does she need 2 get her hand slapped?
Sessions answers to R-senators were short.  When a D- Senator asks a question,  Sessions answers were much longer, cutting out add.  Questns
The D Senators were acting/or are stupid with their tedious 2-3 part questions that had been asked and answered previously. Harris was rude
@kylegriffin1  She was very rude & unprofessional & needed to be interrupted. She isn't there to badger a witness but to get facts. #shame
She is an ass and so are you
You both were rude.
And Sessions was pulling a one man filibuster to use up her 5 minutes, laughing as he did so. Sleazy!
Ahhhhhhh...asking tough questions wasn't the problem....not letting anyone finish their answer was!!! But I'm not a genius Senator like you!
This makes me crazy. Why are strong, assertive women with a voice viewed as "hysterical "?
Explain yourself @SenJohnMcCain   Your 'lesson' toKamalaPersisted in favor of #sessions was boorish unseemly-worry abt ur own questions pls
Oh look, the trumpling is playing with pictographs.
Thank you for your service sir. And I greatly admire Senator Harris.
She was interrupted because she was RUDE.
Nevertheless, she made him nervous.
Lol love it!
Kamala is a political hack interested only in herself.She was a TERRIBLE AG for Calif.  Please run her for Pres....you'll see #KamalaHarris
@SenatorBurr is looking very racist to me w/regards to Senator Harris. Sessions should not be AG, he has no recall of anything!
Everyone in California knows that Kamala Harris attained her position for being Willie Brown's Whore.   
Ask Nancy ... she remembers.
1) And she was interrupted by someone not even on the committee. Shouldn't McCain be reprimanded more strongly?
2) b/w witnesses choosing what they feel comfortable revealing and McCain bossing Harris around, does Burr really even run this committee?
So, there protecting that ass
She was interrupted because she's a woman. You were not because you're a man. Let's be clear. Women are held to a different standard.
She was interrupted because she was grand standing
If by grandstanding, you mean asking pertinent questions, then yeah.
When you ask questions you have to listen to the answer. Otherwise you're just badgering the witness.
He was filibustering and eating up her time.  Didn't have the same tempo with the Repub senators.  Or didn't you notice that?
Then she should have picked her best question and listened to the answer. But she didn't really want the answers to anything, let's face it
Wrong.  He asserted a non-existent privilege and she was calling him on it.
there's a level of confidentiality that has to exist between the executive and their advisers. for good reason. that goes for any pres.
Sure, keep moving the goalposts.
Thank you Ron - And NEITHER of you were "hysterical." Treat women with respect.
What is it about @SenateGOP that makes it so misogynistic and racist? This is unacceptable. Why are we putting up with it? #Harris2020
Side note, tough loss last night but no reason to hang heads. They needed to assemble a team no one has ever seen to defeat the Cavs. #CLE
Proud of #cavs. There is definitely no head hanging in the #cle. We'll just #defendtheland next year!
What do you attribute that too?
Lots of reasons. The benign ones (even though it feels weird to say that) are: gender, she's junior, other senators might feel she's not
giving sessions enough deference, etc. the problematic reasons: senators themselves have something to hide, or worse, they prefer to save
the party by keeping Sen. Harris from asking tough questions instead of doing what's best for the country.
best summary I've seen, thanks
I forgot to mention race as @xDorian24x pointed out in one of his replies.
she hardly 'reads' black although she identifies...was HRC treated more respectfully by GOP?
HRC ran for president and if she had been a black woman it would be worse than HRC got. Obama is a good example but ad female...it's worse
She was interrupted because she doesn't let those testifying answer.I think her goal is 2 bully & intimidate & she doesn't care abt answers.
Unlike her, you actually let Sessions answer your questions.
this should not happen
Ron wyden, u did not need to be interrupted because you allowed sessions to complete his answers. Kampala did not
Continue to make Oregonians proud !
Nevertheless #ShePersisted
@SenJohnMcCain Disrespected @SenKamalaHarris APPARENTLY HE TOO GOT NERVOUS! TIMES HAVE CHANGED McCain MAYBE ITS TIME 4 U 2 GO!
Then the republicans were calling her hysterical ! Those GOP men disgusting
Same thing happened to Elizabeth Warren albeit in a different forum. Not okay
Yet she persisted.
Kampala 2020...
Jefferson Beauregard Sessions was filibustering to 1) avoid follow ups 2) provide any real or direct answers and 3) steal her allotted time
When all else fails back to the usual
That is correct. You are a white man.
She was "interrupted" because she was rude. Not because she asked tough questions.
Lesson learned?  Don't be rude and immature and she won't be interrupted.  You hate Trump for similar style. Is she that big a snowflake?
white old men who think they control the world.
Make him Nervous! That happens to liars that trying to coverUp.
We know why.....
Why didn't anyone speak out for her?
She was not doing her job. She was obnoxious. She treated #AGSessions like a hood rat. Will she do the same when Loretta Lynch testifies?
oh please she was asking rapid fire questions without allowing him to answer. Get it Straight!!!
Senator McCain's wife has been hired by Trump, and who berated Kamala Harris both times? John McCain. Thank you John McPalin
I appreciate you were not interrupted— as a white male. Maybe the Senate can look at its sexism and racism and make rules so no one suffers?
@Pamelastonenyc @SenKamalaHarris was interrupted for now allowing witness to respond to questions. Even Comittee Chairman spoke up
Thank you Senator for recognizing that disparity. It should never happen. #SexismInTheSenate
Interrupted getting at the TRUTH on a YES or NO question! R @GOPers really this dumb they don't understand a yes or no question? Or truth?
women still  aren't treated equally in 2017
Ron the good ole' boys network is still alive and well in America. I suppose some thought she should be home barefoot and pregnant.
Yes but you have a penis and she has a vagina. Apparently that makes a difference if you're going to interrupt someone.
Thank you @RonWyden for pointing that out.  It needed to come from her colleagues also!
@KamalaHarris
This is on Burr. Shd not have honored McCain's interjection. Partisan mangmt of Committee.
I guess when women ask tough questions they r deemed hysterical. Are we in the dark ages? Keep on asking tough questions! We r behind you!
Thank you, Ron Wyden.
And you look at that disrespectful behavior, no one saying it is unacceptable on the power hungry GOP and they wonder why today happened?
Question:  Are we counting the time Senator Warren got inexplicably shut down for quoting Coretta Scott King?  Cuz I'm noticing a trend...
Hey repubs-don't you get it? You are basically telling our daughters that this is how they will be treated when they become Kamala Harris! 
Senator Wyden, thank you for speaking out.  If more of you colleagues do so, the chair may recognize HIS and bad behavior at that of McCain.
Are you kidding me?
You, Sen Wyden, are a real man for saying so.
Harris was interrupted for being a complete pitard. Her tone & demeanor was an embarrassment to adults present who rejected such misfeasance
@RonWyden You make @NancyPelosi look like a genius...
And yet she persisted!
You should have been! You basically called a respected public servant a liar. The truth is you didn't lay a glove on him. Rude, despicable
How could she be interrupted, she never stops talking?Was that her first speech running for president 2020? @jeffsessions @POTUS @VP #MAGA
What is it with these old white men interrupting female colleagues? This isn't the fifties, shut up and wait til she's done!
Republicans are not used to talking with intelligent people. They don't know how to interpret the level of it
You are both rude and NEITHER of you care about the truth - you are both trying to climb your political ladder. It shows....
Formal complaint needed.
It's blatant racism and sexism
The interruptions were on her part because she didn't like the answers. No manners.
She was interrupted because she was badgering Sessions. She's not competent for political office.
@jaydee_amoloza @SenKamalaHarris @kylegriffin1 seems to be a recurring theme
Why hasn't Sessions been charged with contempt? He can't invoke executive privilege yet he was allowed to? What am I missing here?
Bullshit.  She asked questions and did not allow Mr. Sessions time to answer. Who was doing the interrupting? Dems with blinders...
I know ya'll want to make a thing out of it...but, she was being obnoxious and was essentially being called out for it
Isn't the purpose testimony instead of an inquisitor's monologue?
That's two hearings in a row now that that's happened to @SenKamalaHarris. Unacceptable.  I know she will keep up the good work, regardless.
Why was @SenJohnMcCain  even allowed in the room?  To perform for his base? Does he have #RussiaConnections? #SessionsHearing #ComeyHearing
You made a butt of yourself with your questions to Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Plus, Sen. McCain was your cmte's GUEST; Chair didn't intervene: shame! (Also, plaudits to you, sir, for asking pointed, vital questions.)
She asked the CIA director about gay marriage and climate change? It may have less to do with sexism & more to do with wasting time.
And she was referred to as "hysterical" by some Trump employee. The war on women disgusts me.
Thank you, and thank you for speaking out. There are millions of us listening and supporting you in this country!
She interrupted constantly.
You're seeing. Stand up in session and call people out on it. Show, in actions, how to be better. Ty
Beauregard assumed she could be shushed like @elizabethforma. #MisogynistOldParty
Welcome to not being a woman
They are intimidated by a WOMAN
Because they believe women are inferior and of no consequence so they feel they ha e the right to do or say to them whatever they want
I like you dude. Integrity. Please help us.
Sexism is alive and well. A question asked, should either be answered or declined to be answered.
Apparently @GOP and @SenJohnMcCain has a memory loss and forgot Senator Harris is an elected official with a huge base of voters!
Thank you for speaking out about this, even male voters find this insulting
Thank you for noticing!!
She was interrupted because she wouldn't let Jeff Sessions finish his answer not because they were tough questions moron
Its amazing how contentious the men can get without a word, yet she is shushed.  Someone needs to say something AS it happens.
Actually she was rude.  Your questions were stupid, but delivered nicely.  And Sessions buried you.
Because she's a smart black women, black women and white women are not going to let the Republicans get away with doing this to her ENOUGH
They do it because she scares them. #capablewoman #scaredoldwhitemen
It's disgraceful but she can handle it #capablewoman
I LOVE Senator Kamala Harris and I am so glad that I voted for her! She is what California needs!
Hahaha you need to stand up for our President we voted him in  I live in Oregon and I don't know what you have done for us.  Nothing!
she was rude & called down to let the guy respond.  BADGERING A WITNESS.  Any judge would have called her down in COURT. She's NOT all that.
No, she was doing her job & demanding an answer. Other people have done the same, yet they are never silenced like Senator Harris always is.
Thank you for pointing this out, Senator. (And for your own tough questions) It was glaring but few commented on the double standard.
What a woman having te audacity to ask what needs to be asked. What GOP doing everything to not allow truth come out? Shocked, just shocked.
AMEN! I THANK you & Sen Harris for speaking truth to power, KEEP it up! We are so very grateful. BTW @SenatorBurr USA no place for misogyny.
Thank you, Senator Wyden! She deserves more support like yours!
glad you have truly become aware of this
It was interrupted for asking the same question over and over again without letting him answer. It is a rude arrogant human named Kamala
I think the difference in her treatment on this council is so obvious it is vulgar!
Seems McCain has something to hide. Perhaps all the RUSSIAN $$$ that his campaign has accepted ? Perhaps, he' NOT the American hero we think
im a liberal & I didn't see anything wrong w protocol
I hate this. I hate that the GOP is so hypocritical & I hate how they've objected their propaganda into every corner of the USA. (1/2)
Thank you both for your service Senator Wyden and Senator Harris.
it was his strategy to birdwalk. Harris asked him twice about the rule and he tried to go off on a tangent to waste all of her allowed time.
On Two desperate occasions too! Comeys hearing, then sessions. I wonder, is it the same person both times that interrupted?
Especially regarding Hillary Clinton. They know far right believe the nonsense but not one will come out & defend. Same with some D's, why?
Thanks for this!  The ironic part: Sessions, a lawyer grabbing his pearls and having vapors  was "nervous".
INTERRUPTING WOMEN DOING THEIR JOB IS NOT ACCEPTABLE!
No she was harassing AG which is her MO as well as yours -disrespectful, rude and totally out of line. U Sir, are a disgrace to @SenateDems
And may I just say, Senators, you were both doing a great job. Team Patriot will save the Republic!
Sexism is alive and well in the Senate!!! That is why they are so against Women's health. ED pill covered under insurance Birth control too
Thank you for tweeting this. It is important to show support for her. She is an equal!
.@RonWyden @SenKamalaHarris @JATnLA tough questions were not allowed of sessions. Remember?  Only beer league softballs.
Keep it up senator Harris!!!! We are all cheering you on!!
He just couldn't handle a strong woman speaking(PERIOD)
#LetKamalaHarrisSpeak
This is not the first time. Last week 
at the Intel  Cmte hearing she was interrupted by Corbyn AGAIN. Not fair.
She was interrupted because she is a woman and of color. This is racism and misogyny st it's worst. Name it Senator #racism #misogyny
You weren't interrupted because you're ignorant. She was interrupted because she is irrelevant.
Absolutely correct.
Sen wyden u dont pass the smell test. Either does harris. @MarkDice
@TheJusticeDept @FoxNews i ask the justice department to investigate u both to see if u paid for all ur lobbyists gifts or if u r recieving
Money from the clinton foundation 2 keep the russia prode going
Also to see if ur misuse of public funds.u both up on taxs @realDonaldTrump
She was getting to the truth of the matter and she scared Sessions!
@SenatorBurr was HYSTERICAL when @SenKamalaHarris questioned sSession & she did so in the same manner as the men. Misogyny is alive in Burr.
Yes and YOU were harsher than she was! Just not fair! Although the questions were extremely difficult they also extremely warranted 

Yep. How dare a Black female get uppity with these southern gentlemen.  Thanks for speaking up Senators.
Correction:  She was interrupted for being a WOMAN asking tough questions.  Sen. McCain needs to be told to stop disrespecting her.
Thank you both for standing with the American people and I agree with you something has a bad odor about #TrumpRussia connection
She was badgering the witness...any judge would have put a stop to it.
She wasnt out of line or anything...
And it was @attorneygeneral's job to ANSWER her question, which he FAILED TO DO!
I forget. Did anyone stand up for her when she was interrupted? 
Also only 1 he wqas arrogant with an answered w condescending tone. She's an African-American female so obvs Sessions was gonna be a dick.
OBVIOUS double standard. New WMD's are the WMI's,  White Males Incorporated in the GOP.
Summer of #Resistance Right.
Once again, for those in the back. it's because she's a female!! The rules are different for us!! Scoff your heads straight off! It's true!
Good for you Sir!
Carry on.
Onward
Your a liar! Re watch the tapes. She was rude and talked over Sessions. She didnt let him answer. Stop your rhetoric Liver Lips!
You were annoying and sophomoric. But you weren't Kamala level annoying and sophomoric!
The @SenateGOP and corrupt @GOP Trump are terrified the truth about their collusion will become public. @SenKamalaHarris rocks!
Ashamed of Senator Wyden. He was so angry. Sad for America.
What's McCain's and McConnell's problem? They only interrupt women Senators. @SenWarren @KamalaHarris What are they afraid of? The truth???
Well, we all know why that was, don't we, Senator?  Crochety old white men who can't handle a strong, intelligent black woman...
Stonewall...see Jefferson Beauregard Sessions.
GOP is very worried,and trying to cover up.#REMEMBER
Thx for your tenacity. 5 min demands speed & succinct Q & A. Mr. Wyden, Ms. Harris, & Mr. Heinrich were brilliant. Break thru the lies now!
But @SenKamalaHarris made him nervous.  Someone had to protect him. Afterall, he's only the AG and she's a Senator.
She had a salient point about the legal basis for Sessions refusal to answer that she wanted on the record. Burr and McCain ran interference
He didn't  have the answers written down somebody interrupt pleases
Why is it that not one of you men stand up for these women at the time they are faulted? Not one. Not for Harris. Not for Warner. Why?
Why didn't a male senator speak up and say stop interrupting her.
It is blantly shameful.
Gallant of y'all, but my bet is that @SenKamalaHarris can take care of herself. Watch.
I admire your support of her, and I support Dems efforts, but I saw the entire testimony & hers really was too fast. It exceeded your speed
...I can't believe I'm defending Sessions, a man who goes against everything I believe in, but she really was being unreasonable.
Why not expose what "GOP Senator" things someone died and left him boss? Shame!
I am sure she and Liz Warren could talk.
Say something to McCain for crying out loud.
