Ur an idiot
No blondie, that would be you and the merry band of trumpeteers still blaming this on Obama, Clinton, and everyone else.
Go ahead n keep falling for it then
I believe the words you're looking for are no body but staunch GOP believes a word Sessions uttered. His indignation over being sullied for
Honestly move on from this false narrative!  Did u not see what happened this morning in VA?
Seriously, pull your head out. The hypocrisy of claiming false narrative is truly disgusting. Want to talk false narrative? How about the
radical right's false narrative leading to Charlston 6/17/15, Orlando 12/12/16, Newtown 12/14/12, Tucson 1/8/11, Roseburg 10/1/15,
head examined. To try and use this morning's shooting as example of why Sessions isn't a freaking liar is truly beyond the pale.
2018-2020 Dems get majority.Then Dems take off the gloves and destroy the right wing.No mercy should be shown to them.I want them destroyed.
Keep it up. All your bullshit is energizing the Republican base.  You West Coast peeps don't represent You don't have any gloves to take off
Burt wrote the GOP change in policy of  going soft on RU getting rid of sanctions which it exchanged for DNC email leaks
Um the stonewalling ended on January 20th. Try to keep up.
Thank you Senator Wyden for trying to make Session come clean. You did a great job with the questioning. He was totally stonewalling!
THank you Senator Wyden
What a coward Sessions is. He only cares about himself. He was obstructing justice and wasting everybody's time by avoiding to answer ques.
Taking down ones character when we all know the truth and lies is a disgrace to America for political purposes
Didn't he say that he doesn't recall...something crazy like 15 times?  Maybe he's too old for his job?
Tough questions carry consequences. I will die of shock if Sessions faces any.
His expression says all we need to know. This is the face of a criminal who knows he is untouchable.
Untouchable was and is the real criminals Obama, Clintons, Bushs, Lynch, Comey, Debbie Shaltz
You are so right
...Marry me plz????
You got smoked by @jeffsessions yesterday and you deserved it.
@RonWyden You are an embarrassment to the Oregonians you claim to represent.

The American public deserves answers from you too, yet nothing. Hypocritical!
I don't know who paid for your Education but they should DEMAND A REFUND! You are not that Bright! #TCOT #WakeUpAmerica
Do you do anything productive?  If you were in business world u would be fired.  Goal is to make progress towards goals. U r obstruction!
According to Sessions, it's just defacto blanket exec priv, without having to invoke, because POTUS might hypothetically want to. Not policy
How can he reserve rights for someone else? Shouldn't only the President be able to reserve rights for himself?
It's like retroactively invoking executive privilege, but from the hypothetical future...
Was the TARDIS used?
It's quantum executive privilege, it was, and it wasn't invoked.
Actually your questions were quite transparent and dim witted...
Thank You, I was worried right from the beginning when I saw the expression on the chairman's face when you started to speak. Trust him?
As a democrat can you all please stop! You look so silly.
You and Senator Harris were great today!  Thanks for exposing our weasel Attorney General for what he is.
Tough questions?! Asking AG Sessions about problems Comey said existed without saying exactly what they were?! #unintelligent
And we should believe you? After months of Trumps collusion that Comey says definitlvely didn't exist, you all continued the narrative.
The American public deserve answers about your health care benefits that means tough questions those are your words
Sir I will never vote for you ever again. Thought you were above all this. You worked with Sessions for years. Innuendos are NOT APPROPRIATE
That's exactly the problem, partisan politics and senators who don't give a shit about the voters.
Thank you Senator Wyden. AG Jeff Sessions' answers did not pass the smell test. Agreed. You touched off his temper too at being exposed.
Thank you Senator, hell of a job. His aggression and lack of transparency are telling.
Keep asking them and holding them them accountable Senator Wyden.
Accountable for what exactly?
thank you senator
Thank you for what? being a clown?  He doesn't even understand the concept of executive privilege.
You need to answer our tough questions about getting us some jobs here in Oregon and fix our roads.  Treat our timber land like a crop.
Thank you Mr. Wyden.  You are my example for passing term limits.
Thanks you Senator for your persistence!
Wyden's twitter feed: 100% Agenda via whisper campaign & treachery. A vile listicle of nothingness... & his minions rejoice. 
You embarrassed yourself. Sessions walked all over your. Oh yeah - get a new wig. Your hair is disgusting.
Accuse AG of something.  I dare you.  Inuendo is a cowardly way to handle this issue.  Slanderer!
The American People need you Congress to get to work on the Taking Care of the Country! Stop the Bull Shit! Your out of touch the people
That tough guy represents WE THE PEOPLE. He is a our voice.
actually he is right. Doesn't pass smell test
You are everything that is wrong with our Government. You are the swamp
I am sick of John McCain shutting down Camala Harris! He is there as a courtesy a guest only he overstepped twice now two separate hearings!
"Good old boy" Must go before Judiciary Oversight Committee explain his obstruction of justice! This is Law&Order? Resign or be fired!
Senator, I believe you may be the one who got @jeffsessions and could blow this @realDonaldTrump #coverup wide open.
#Sessions emphatically denied #Comey statement deferring to an issue he could not discuss in open session. Well, assuming #Comey went on to
tell the #SenateIntelCommittee what he was talking about when you questioned him in closed session. The stage is set - take the shot.
Democrats are a bunch of hypocrites
We didn't get the answers from Eric Holder
How embarrassing for you.
Why aren't this little shit's frequent bribe taking under investigation?
Thanks, Ignore the trolls. They only want to change the subject.
Thank you, Senator, for donning ur white hat today. Pushing for truth/transparency is what America needs urgently! Pls keep up the fight.
Thanks for your persistence. It's so good know you're representing Oregon.
You were amazing at the Sessions hearing. A true American . Did  you hear my whoops and hollers?
LOOK AT THE EVILNESS N HATE IN WYDENS OL EYES! USA SO TIRED OF DEAD HORSE BS! GO HOME AND SHUT THA HELL UP!
Stop trying to hurt the Presidents staff.  Ron Wyden you need to be impeached!
SESSIONS IS A TRUE AMERICAN THAT LUVS THE USA HATERS! GO HOME, TAKE A VALIUM, DO THE MILK N COOKIES AND STFU!
You sure looked stupid today.
You Dems have very short memories... why else would you make yourselves look like idiots?
A word from @TheDemocrats before James Comey got fired. Enjoy 
#SessionsHearing #JeffSessions #Cotton 
Well done sir. When people testify before Congress can't they be held in contempt if they refuse to answer questions w/o legal reason?
Sessions ANSWERED U~They were innuendos by Comey~Obviously, it's not what u wanted 2 hear~Answer more than passed the smell test~Ridiculous!
Were u angry when Hillary couldn't remember~this investigation is a witch hunt~it's laughable~u don't listen 2 answers~u just babble 2 media
Sen wyden. I am from Oregon. I appreciate your questions to Sessions. I do believe that he has ties to Russia, he needs to be exposed
You sir are pathetic and are embarrassment to our great state of Oregon you  make us look like we are American traitors #ashamed
Dumpster and his minions are hiding something
Ron had his ass handed to him today and deservedly so Ron you embarrassed the entire state of Oregon! #NotMySenator #MentalMidget
Ron you got your but handed to you by Sessions. Time to move on,  no one in your intelligence had ever given any fact of collusion. Move on
I thank you for your efforts.
Committee needs to learn to ask questions and get "their" definitions...remember Bill narrow version of sex? What is Collusion for sessions?
Yeah tough questions that you can understand without the annoying lisp!
A good day to remind everyone that AG Eric Holder ran guns to Mexico, lied to Congress about it, was found in contempt & never prosecuted.
Ron u need to go ure a career nut and have been for a decade
Snowflakes lost and still blaming the Russians
The only stonewalling I've seen is from Democrats comney how many questions did he not answer or Lynch how many questions did she not answer
Aww, poor lil feller mmm...hmm..such a hard time repraten' all the big words that mean lawyer Kasowitz put inside his mouth last night mmhm.
And I had drank about 17 Dr Pepper's right before I testified...and that mean lady- almost plumb scared, most of it out of me, I think..yess
You got your ass kicked today--who are you kidding--enough already.
Any evidence yet?  From what I have seen so far, doesn't look to be collusion.  How much is this costing after 11 months of investigation?
Thank you Senator @RonWyden from Pennsylvania. Please promise us you will get to the bottom of this. We need you. America needs you.
You go Sen! The people are with you!!
GET HIM WYDEN!!! I'm real close to marching up there and booting some of these suits out of there myself.
thank you for your hard work!
Tough Questions? Are you really this stupid are is it a show for the Nancy and Chuckie team. Please say it is a show or front.
You warned him against stonewalling and he did it anyway. 
Now, what are you going to do about it? 
Contempt charges? Anything? 
Or nothing?
there was no involvement senator. zero. nada. stop wasting valuable legislative time with this nonsense, ur constituents deserve better.
Got under his skin a little there @RonWyden !!! Oregon in the house!!!
Y didn't anyone ask Sessions the reason for giving U.S. attorneys policy updates the day before Trump fired all 46 (including Preet Bharara)
American public deserves answers to Loretta Lynch on plane with Bill?Hillarys emails?Bill and Monica?Hillary lost!Podesta?
Investigate Comey, Lynch, and all politicians that made big $ when in office. There's the dirt and scum. Stop wasting $!
Hold him in contempt
NO #WeThePeople have had it w/ bogus investigations & spending our $$ HRC/Bill, BO, Lynch, Rice, Comey, Holder, Abedin, Pedesta s/b n jail
Today I learned that you have no clue of how government works. Time to step down and let someone else that knows what they're doing in
When are you holding hearings on hacking of thousands of DEMOCRAT documents by the Awan brothers & their wives. OR you can ask them...
And OREGON needs a new Senator.
I support you Senator, give en hell!   #ObstructionOfJustice
Rude     A little respect goes a long way.  You showed none
You need to act professional. You represent the people. "Smell test" Stop using this term. It's unbecoming of someone with an education.
You were ready to eat Sessions for lunch and he B-slapped you all over the room
Sessions made you look like the dufuss you are. You are why the Dems lost the election. #irrelevant
Why dont you go after Comey this hard when he wont answer your questions. You sit quiet and hound Sessions because Comey wont answer. NUTS
https://twitter.com/realjuniorpardo/status/874756230614593536 …
@realJuniorPardo And we know Loretta Lynch is a liar, conspirator and true corrupt obstructor of justice.
Exactly, and why hasn't she been summoned to testify or indicted already! 
I hope @realDonaldTrump isn't losing his nerve. These ppl@have to be taken on head on.
It looks as if the @GOP also helps block him from moving forward. Can you imagine the results if they would actually back him up?!
True. I don't envy @realDonaldTrump having to deal with @GOP traitors.
Thanks for all you do .
Only people "stonewalling" is you Senator Wyden and your joke of a party.
Dems coordination to talk outside the real issue is disgraceful. Americans are done and watching every step.  STOP THE MADNESS
Tough questions? More like tough answers that you didn't like.
Sooooo. I'm not claiming executive privilege and 45 hasn't claimed executive privilege but - he might. Stone walling.
Give him HELL, Ron!
He never stay away with the investigation !!! He is trying just like the other to stop the investigation !! Please dont let RUSSIA GET AWAY.
Thanks, from Salem.
I don't know what the fuss is about, Sessions said that he violated his recusal.. guilty as charged..
Not a good day for Ron and the Dems.
No the American people are going to want to know what are your actual reasons for pushing known BS?
Oregon is screwed we have two Senators who don't want to work for the people and can't accept election results
The American public deserves truth. Sadly, truth & the value we place on that has been lost. I no longer believe anything they say
You were shameful today what a embarrassment you have become Senator
This still image. That smirk. Democracy crumbling under the weight of callousness and hubris.
Sessions  righteous indignation + amnesia makes quite the heady mix. #LiarSessions #Corrupt  #complicit #SociopathTrump
Stop wasting taxpayers money. You have nothing. Now get to work doing your job
Strong push back and a nervous laugh.
Today Sessions showed America how completely incompetent he is.
This was the worst I ever heard. Really!!
Gets wrecked. Posts video anyway. Starts posting old propaganda from before the election. How "progressive".
Thx for your line of questioning today. America is grateful!
Questions are one thing and lies are another. We are not fooled by your attempt to malign Sessions.
Let me ask a question.. we're you born an ass or did it take you this long to perfect it?
Right on, @RonWyden! Stay watchful on these Stonewallers!
Sessions says that he has always been honest before hearings which is a lie. He has lied in his confirmation hearing and he lied on his SF86
The American people deserve senators who are working not chasing unicorns! You are a disgrace to all of America!
Sessions is the biggest stonewaller of them all and he's a liar just like his boss!
I believe Mr. Jeff is misunderstanding his place in this hearing. He should be the one being questioned, not to give unfounded lectures.
Thank you for grilling Sessions, Senator Wyden. We deserve to know the TRUTH!
You blew him away! Go Wyden!
Keep pressing them Ron! That's why we voted you in!
I'm grateful to you Sen Wyden, for asking the right questions and for saying Sessions answers stink. Lying under oath makes him nervous...
Least he tried to give an explanation & didn't plead 5th! #SusanRice #LoisLerner #JeffreyNeely #GregRoseman #BryanPagliano #LorettaLynch
This guy is a joke always trying to do gotcha questions 8 months nothing he hasn't mentioned AG Lynch have you
Ron
That is when you can understand what he's saying. Can't the man afford a speech therapist?
Excellent questioning, Senator.

FYI:
Anyone else catch where Sessions accidentally tells Wyden that the issue that was "problematic" w his recusal, was potential 3rd Kislyak mtg
You were schooled by a man. Admit it when you taken to the woodshed. @jeffsessions  made you look like a fool.
How can AG Sessions review Dep AG Rosensteins letter about Comey's "Improper handling of Clinton's email matter" when he recused himself?
Call AG Sessions again, sir. The legality of his "Executive Communication Procedure" is not visible ANYWHERE.
Every single american less the snowflakes, knows its a b.s. waste of time & $. NSA proven to be hacker already
"Smell Test"? The only questionable smell is the rank partisan odor that came from your mouth. Give us some proof or shut up Democrats.
And he gave you great answers.  The American people first.  Your last!!!!
Liars refuse to answer, PERIOD. I hope the #KKKeeblerElf goes down with the dumpster fire that is this administration. Ridiculous.
...and we deserve answers about you're involvement with Uranium One
https://twitter.com/USNJack/status/874737788847050752 …
WOULD U PLS GET ON WITH THE BIZ OF GOVT!!!! LIKE NOW
Thank you for trying to hold people accountable though they continue to evade questions using unfounded policy or privilege
Sen. Wyden, just followed you + not even American. Sessions so full of sh*t his eyes are brown, yet you took him to task. Bravo!!
seems like it doesn't matter what the questions are if sessions answers are "i don't recall" to everything...! hold #sessions accountable!
Why didn't anyone ask him to explain if he felt Comey's behavior was worthy of dismissal why he didn't recommend it sooner?
I appreciate the strong stance you took today.  Keep fighting for us.  The truth must come out.
PEOPLE - Democrats DIDN'T CARE about finding truth of Holder, Hillary, & other dems who BROKE THE LAW, BUT CONDEMN JEFF! THEY ARE HYPOCRITES
The people don't care about this do your job healthcare, tax cuts stop spending our money on this. Voting u out no Dems vote here
Why do you hate America? 20 trillion dollars in debt you failed. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenTomCotton
Thank you Senator! Great questions today!
This idiot has so much hate for Trump, Sessions an Republicans he should recuse himself because of being a biased idiot ! Vote out
He answered ever question you clowns had. Drifted pretty far from Russian collusion didn't you?
Thank you!! You did amazing job at the hearing.
Wyden is a fool.. Sessions owned him!
Should AG Sessions be in an Alzheimer's home? He can't remember shit!
thtonewalling? wtf is that
so you expect ppl to answer ?'s point blank to you but you refuse to answer ?'s point blank asked by us. you screen ?'s  at your townhalls.
You are  embarrassing  to OREGON Senator YOU DON'T & CAN'T PASS A SMELL TEST BUT YOU STINK
Involvement in WHAT??
Wait one...
Man you blew that one!
Hearing you speak during questioning I had to run to the bathroom to puke. Everything about you is disgusting andI can't finish.

Wyden is carrying Comey's insinuations and innuendo, Sessions just shut him down for being a Comey tool and a fool #MAGA @POTUS #TrumpTrain
AMAZING how you hear people don't want stonewalling when Republicans are in that seat, but you DID NOT hear when DEMOCRATS were! HYPOCRITE!
Thank you for asking those tough questions, senator.
Are you really trying to be so ambiguous or just plainly unable to accept the rules and regulations that were set in place long before 1996
I'd like to see a copy of this "policy" by day's end
Good job Senator Wyden! More time for questioning needs to be allowed. The Repubs strangely don't care as much as they shld on this issue.
Mr. Sessions answered ALL of your questions in his opening statement.   You were making statements that have been repeated over & over. 
Not suggesting you should, BUT if you stabbed Sesions through the eye socket, I would not be disinclined to vote for you again.
Go Sessions.  Close this WITCH hunt.
More evidence on Lynch and Rice illegal activity.
Scroll through these comments and note the percentage that are based purely on emotion, not facts... I think... care... etc. #Trump #Winning
