Great job Sen Wyden! Proud to from Oregon-we've got GREAT MoC's
Thank you! Exhausting, I know, but we need you standing up for America and democracy!
All 100 people who watch her show will agree with you Ronnie, how about discussing how the ACA was shoved down the peoples throats.
Great interview. Thx for all you do 4  OR. UR greatly appreciated. Do you have any townhalls I. Eugene scheduled? Looking forward to them.
Listening. Keep up this crucial work.
Why tune in? We know how it's going to go: @maddow's going to use you to spew unoriginal soundbytes A through Z why firing Comey was wrong.
A friend just told me to tune in cause there was something new on this story. So I did. #Begrudgingly
Idea the Russian thing is made up: not disputed. @RonWyden reveals his committee hasn't had much supporting info. Glad I'm an #independent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIbiGVTQEwQ …
So people are wondering how does this relates to mobile? #transparency Mobile apps are going to determine the next election. #prediction
Mobile apps will continue to help people cut through infotainment stories designed to sell ads.
Independents will rule the day (hopefully)
You were awesome today.
So were you
Damn, I thought so too. Thanks, buddy.
You're leading the charge, Senator Wyden! Keep the bit in your teeth. Thank you!!
How do the Republicans blatantly ignore Trumps obstruction of justice? Party over country, power & greed. New brand of Christianity? Hmmm
#gyro
How pathetic watching Wyden slobbering all over himself as he told lie after lie!  Democrats are deranged & can NEVER govern again!!
Looser troll.
https://twitter.com/atleecs/status/863035537959120897 …
Haha on madcow show. Hilarious. I'm sure she will coddle you like you think you deserve to be.I say all snowflake congressman should resign
Thank you Sir! Glad to have you in our corner.
I'm sure you know that THE DEMS WILL NEVER WIN AGAIN NOT EVEN FOR DOG CATCHER BECAUSE OF WHAT YOUR DOING   GOOD JOB
Very enlighting! Thank you for your loyalty to our democracy- keep up your fight!
Thank you Senator Wyden 4Representing all Americans Nt just those in The Great State of Oregon. Unlike @SenateGOP @HouseGOP #TheResistance
Thank you Senator for your tenacity. Please keep fighting for what's right!
Finally some 1 w/guts love for USA who spoke truth been waiting for this since 16 summer. T's self enriching in office at ANY costs to USA.
The world thanks you Senator (the undertaker) Wyden, dig them ALL up #deadbodies
Please do something useful for all Americans & cease being an obstructionist & sheep
Thank you for your courage to speak when many who should remain silent.
Saw it, was good.
Thank you senator. Thank you especially for the dressing down you delivered at the hearing today.
#Hero
Yes, you are on the right track! Shell companies, offshore bank accounts, dealings with # launderers & dead bodies are key! #FOLLOWTHEMONEY
I'm supposing you also heard the RUMINT about the royal children moving  offshore. Needs to be added to the pile of crazy.
Not to watch two dumb shits!
Thank you Senator for protecting our democracy
We don't watch based hate news shows sorry
Well Done Senator — perfect way to close out a powerhouse interview "we've got to pick up the pace" — damn right! 
I have to wash my dog
#Follow$
Thank you!
Excellent :)
Thank you. Excellent interview.
Good interview & participation @ hearing today Americans are putting our faith in you to follow the facts & the $$$. Thank you. #Patriot
Hope to see you push for an independent investigation, we need it!
Thank you, thank you & thank you!
You were great.
Well done Senator.  I agree with you, the focus needs to be on money laundering and wire fraud.  It's what's propped up his business
Superb job. Thank you !
Thank you sir. Respect to you!
Thank you sir. Stay the course. Oregon is behind you.
If WikiLeaks had happened to Republicans Putin awarded the Nobel Peace Prize and Republicans under investigation for hate crimes
You will be on Fake News.
Saw you tonite on @maddow..U R right follow the We #TheResistance need to follow and support your efforts thank you
Thank you for your service. You r a patriot and you make us Oregonians proud
Thank You 
THANK YOU!! 1BILLIONPERCENT!
Keep following the money!  You are continuing a strong Oregonian tradition of questioning illegal activities!
Good information, Senator! So appreciate your dedication and hard work on behalf of all Americans.
Thank you for your persistence, Senator! #FollowTheMoney
Well done!! Thank you both for ur determined pursuit of evidence & following the money! Appreciate both your efforts. Keep up the good work!
Thank you for your insight, Senator!  #followthemoney #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Great interview. Thank you both. Keep digging!
CIA hasn't been forthcoming w info re Trump/Russia? WTH? Are we still America?
Good job!
You're a hero!!
I wholeheartedly agree with you that #Trump finances will reveal the truth about #Trumprussia. Thank you! Don't let it go!
Well doneFollow the money
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Please keep fighting for us!!
#followthemoney
You are doing great, important work. Thanks from Eugene!
very good interview. Keep up the good work.
Treasury is Steve Mnuchen. Priebus is Chief of Staff
Great interview and thank you for your patriotism! #followthemoney #followthedeadbodies #Maddow
Follow the money!!! Watching you now, THANK YOU, Senator, for your diligence. 
Thank you Senator Wyden! You're a true patriot!
Thank you Senator Wyden. Proud that Oregon has such a strong voice in DC.
Thank you for searching and revealing the truth!
You are both heroes and patriots. God bless.
Great job!
"Follow the money" "follow the dead people". Thank you @RonWyden for seeking truth and justice. No one is above the law.
Great thing re: bad story of DT/Russia, someone from California gets to hear you shed light on investigation
His Lester Holt interview.
THANK YOU !!!! You are a ROCK STAR! 
Thank you for following the money. You are so right. It is the key to all things Trump/Russia!
It is the $ & dead bodies...if you haven't already, look into Trump Taj Mahal Associates who were killed in helicopter crash. #TrumpRussia
I am watching now. You're doing a very good job, sir.
You are so right. Follow the money & bodies. How can we help you? How can we show support?
It is the $ & dead bodies...if you haven't already, look into Trump Taj Mahal Associates who were killed in helicopter crash.
THANK YOU SIR!
great job on @maddow
WATCHING.  HOLD THEM UP!!!
Watch Maddow.?..What a joke..Queen of FAKE NEWS..
I am a constituent. Shut down the Senate until we get an independent investigation.
Thank you, Senator. Proud to be an Oregonian. (You, too, @SenJeffMerkley)
Glad you get to talk but wish it wasn't @maddow she's a worthless journalist. Keep up the good work though!!
Wish I could be there; even brought my violin - all of my friends missed me play during the 7th Inning Stretch at a 2010 Beavers game.
But Senator Ron Wyden remembered months later at a different event where our paths crossed again.  I wish I still had a memory like that. :)
This is what I look like with a violin (art by @_likeshine_ ):
Thanks for the heads up!  You make this Portlander proud!
Please wear your tin foil hat!
Proyd to have you as my senator.
That's 6pm if you're on the West Coast, everyone.
You were great at the hearing today. Proud to be an Oregonian and u represent us well.
Wouldnt miss it!
Thank you Senator, sure will.
Can't believe @maddow is finally going to talk Trump and Russia.
Mention that obstruction of Justice is a Felony
Abuse of Power
Be sure to mention that while the press was going crazy over the Comey firing, that Russians were in the WH.
From an Okie, Thank You for all you are doing!
DVR is set!  You represent our wonderful Oregon well.  You make me proud of your hard work for our state and country
I wouldn't miss it Ron. Love me some @maddow ! Love you too @RonWyden 
I respect Rachel Maddox and appreciate your integrity, Senator Wyden. Can't wait to see tonight's show. Almost always, riveting. Love it!
You always make us proud Sen Wyden!
ZZZZzzzzzz. Same ole goose chase......
Wouldn't miss Rachel!!!
Definitely! Thank you for all you are doing!
unfollowed
Thank you Sen Wyden ;)
Thank you!
