Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....
Ridiculous that Trump chose to abandon effort to promote American jobs to focus on defending monuments glorifying slavery and treason.
Your ass is going to get voted out
He's bought out by Planned Parenthood
I'll save this tweet for reference after the vote comes up.
Liar
He already is creating jobs But you wouldn't know that since all you democrats do is obstruct
Actually I would like Congress to #ImpeachTrump to preserve our Republic. #ethicsmatter #SaveOurDemocracy
Dems had 8 yrs, where's the jobs, infrastructure & healthcare help? Nope, we got DAPL, TPP & ACA. Either ineffective, incompetent or bought.
Stop with all the divisiveness.... your part lost the election, get over it and start putting the country before party politics!
Sad but true!
Already created over a million jobs, and better paying  full time jobs  than Obama created. Face reality he's doing his job and your not.
Then you need to talk with your fellow members in the House to begin the process of removing the @POTUS from office! #ImpeachTrump
I highly doubt GOPers will listen to Dems, as and it is my belief they all stand for the same thing! Their policies tell it all! Since 2008
Pot calling kettle! And you support a treasonist, habitual liar, sexual assulter, white supremisist, Nazi sympathizer! Say hello to Putin.
Sorry Ron You & all the other Dems/liberals resist #TRUMP in anything he tries to do. Work with him & help get things done.
Shame on you that you jumped on this political bandwagon, we are all so tired of it. Please get back to work an fix healthcare!!
Democrats are too busy Obstructing and hiding their true history of Racism. From their beginning too today. Slavery to #Oregon Eugenics
The Democratic Party created & supported the violent KKK for many years after the CW. Now you are supporting a new violent group - Antifa.
Thank you for representing our values so well.  You and @JeffMerkley make me grateful to be an Oregonian.
The democrats like you are making it impossible for working oregonians to get any positive results in better health care, jobs or security.
Then tell all the trouble makers to go home
What happened to Barry's shovel ready projects The bailout was a scam of the American people You & the rest of congress needs to go
let's be honest, America is never going to get back on track with improvements until this administration is gone.

Is that the best you got boy come on let the man do his job come on be a big boy now instead of a sissy pants
Come on boy boy you know you are self-serving parasite let the man do his job are you part of the swamp or getting bigger in the swamp
And you are too busy creating a police state and genocide in Oregon to focus on homelessness and drugs here.
Police state= allowing judge to decide, with impunity, who can and can't carry a gun

genocide=handing out free abortions like candy
Remember this lying divider when the truth wins
Sen. Wyden get Trump out of the office.  I volunteer to scrub the White house afterwards
Keeping America a second world country.
Leave statutes in place and make them learning  tools from history.  Even our dark history.
ronny is an ahole race baiter!!!
I think you're missing the point. He has lost any claim to legitimacy that he may have had. Dems have to take more of stand. Move left.
ISIS destroys history too
Hyproctrical. The destruction of Syrian monument/historical sites are being called horrific. It's still OUR history. Good, bad and always
Why is he always avoiding infrastructure?

OMG, Both my senators R flaming idiots. they're there so we don't forget our history & allow fools like you reinvent history like dems & KKK
The Senator is too busy whining about the President to get shit done too.
Ron the Con at it again. I think you are upset because the economy is actually growing now unlike the pitiful growth under Dem control
He busy fending off the BS you and your buddies are doing to him and the American People! Liar's will see their day in Hell get ready for it
I hate racism, but the shrines have been here for 150 plus years! Some of you Southern Colleagues are KKK members! I lived in the South!
Dear @POTUS , @RonWyden wants his parties racist history erased, the sooner the better! Will we allow him to burn History Books next?
Thank you, Ron, for your service.
fascist dems want to erase history


WH official: "the President's Advisory Council on Infrastructure, which was still being formed, will not move forward."
Trump likes statues so much, we need one of him going out the WH door with a huge foot up his ass. #ImpeachOrResign #25thAmendment
Shrines? You do realize they're going after Jefferson and Washington next, right?
Haven't heard an intelligent word from you or Merkley In 8 months
No . He to busy doing what the last beta male didn't do.
I'll believe he's busy when it interrupts his golf schedule.
Yeah, but what are you doing? Playing on social media. #doyourjob
This is an example of Wyden bringing the country together. Hater.
He thinks the statues are "beautiful" while many think they're offensive and hateful! Smh
No, @POTUS bz defending against you dirtbags who swore on Election nite '16 to undermine his presidency! Karma wished on all you frauds!
Remember when...
Calling you out sir if its ok now days to say sir. Twisted Twister is your new name. Half truth and twist it some more.
Watch Ron wyden. Newest back stabbeder
You hypocrite. Who took taxes on gas that we voted on for other projects. So tired of your lies. Sell baby parts.
Maybe he can focus on more than one thing at a time?  As presidents should be able to do. Glad you have your talking points to tweet.
Wait, at a presser announcing EO to ease infrastructure restriction gets hijacked by media and THIS is your response.  Blissfully Ignorant!!
Trump has promoted jobs more than any POTUS in 240 yr history. Trump wants to preserve US history. Marxist @RonWyden wants to rewrite it.
Do tell Oregonians why Obama care so expensive ! Your part was lobbying for insurance comp. tell us how much you made!
.Agreed! He is encouraging and enabling hate groups. Everyone should speak out. It should be easy because it's right. Silence= acceptance.
Much of that blame falls on you and your fellow members of congress. Quit griping about Trump and get to work!
Or be a leader.
Good for you ,call him out and impeach him TODAY.
Those shrines to white supremacy were mostly, if not all, DEMOCRATS !
Then let the democrats take three down. Oops, Nikki H was early 2 take it down, she's an R, & what about States rights BS? States R doing it
Thank you, Senator. Please keep his feet to the fire and #impeach!
Remove the statue to Byrd.
Keep fanning the flames Senator.  How does your continued hate speech help?
We can move all the statues to the grounds at mar a largo
Once again, #LoserTrump tells us how he really feels. Too bad he doesn't know history enough to be ashamed. 

http://StickerChickDecals.com/donnie-pissing 
That's OUR history, Senator.  BTW he HAS and IS creating jobs, and the stock market is at a historic high.
Exactly

Here are some great guys.  On their way to break up a supremacy rally.
Is Trump's infrastructure policy all about confederate equestrian statues?
You're too busy race baiting and peddling the fake Russia narrative to get anything done. Pathetic!
Let's build walls around the sites of the ripped-down monuments. Great walls..the greatest! With solar panels too..I just came up with that!
Finally someone said it!
Here's my take @USNewsOpinion 
https://www.usnews.com/opinion/op-ed/articles/2017-08-17/george-washington-thomas-jefferson-donald-trump-and-race-in-america …
How many jobs have you brought to Oregon except your own.
Please stop tweeting. introduce leg. to remove 45. If it fails, try again. public posturing, while nice, isn't fixing a national emergency.


Oh really?  What have you done lately other tha "resist"?
he misses the 20th century.  that's why "Again"
Trump's ideal is in the 14th century
I doubt he knows anything about the 14th century, but yeah.
Plenty of real-estate development opportunities in Europe after 1348.
Ah!  haha!
And, you are catering to racist Israelis in an effort to make it illegal to boycott Israel because of its racist/religious apartheid. FU
No history is being ripped apart either. They will still being in the history books and museums, as the murdering traitorous losers they are
@realDonaldTrump Isn't that what you want. You do not want Trump to be successful as that eould hurt your party political chances.
Russia Russia Russia!!! Wait what?! You are obstructing the republic. Sedition and treason will not be looked kindly on.
@grisdon3911 Are u still supporting Israel Anti-Boycott bill? Why?


He's replacing foreign terrorist with Good Ole homegrown domestic terrorism...
Oh S-N-A-P!
What have you done but whine and complin when your policies nearly bankrupted my family?
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan U & @GOP r responsible 4 putting a Dangerous Incompetent @POTU$ in d WH-#Censure 45th Now! @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
Isn't it reasonable to believe that the statues should serve as a reminder of the horrors in this country's past?
Ignoring history will only lead to it repeating itself. We should instead learn from our past mistakes.
Sounds like his infrastructure meeting went well.
And what have you done besides flap your lips? Go back to New York.
He's missing the main point. It's not the statues it's that these groups want to suppress everyone who's "not white and immigrants".  Help!
But not too busy to golf!
Exactly so, Senator.  I'm delighted you represent my state in the Senate!
These HISTORICAL MONUMENTS are only NOW a problem?Why NOW, why not last year, year b4? Democrats/ANTIFA are INCITING VIOLENCE FOR NO REASON!
Also trying to distract from Russia. We are not distracted. Neither is Mueller.
R u Distracted by the Lynch/Clinton scandal, you know the one that Comey lied about, now its reopened or how about the Imran Arwan scandal?
And u r too busy with us against them identity politics to come up with a solution, for anything,for 31 years. U r why we need #TermLimits
You're an USA traitor. Why did you allow Pakistani #AwanBrothers to hack USA security?  Who killed #SethRich
And don't forget, supporting the KKK and Nazis!
So why are the @HouseGOP still not standing up to him since he is their actual obstructionist.
He is still fighting the war of the 19th century!!
You tell him Ron.
Amen
After all, you can't plow into anti racist protestors without good roads.
Don't worry, if Trump truly began devoting attention to 'infrastructure' it'd only be to make it a looting scam.
That's because he is a fool with low or no moral standards
GO IN!

