The senators working on the Senate health care bill:

McConnell
Hatch…
Women on the table, not at it. Got to pay for that Lambo! This is a joke right? You've already placed them ON the menu.  Hypocrisy!
What rights have been taken away?
25 s!

Your tweet has been liked by 25 people. https://favstar.fm/t/861208448897298432 …
What rights have been taken away?
Damaged women(abused as kids?)who've never gotten help(persecution complex)always insist they are targeted vics of men
Undamaged here. And still don't understand why an all-male group should be making decisions that financially favor men & punish women.
Persecution complex.Women being punished?Don't know who you hang out with,men in my life,bros,dads,sons,spouses put their women's needs 1st
Women who deny that women are being persecuted in the obvious face of persecution are sympathizers with: Class warfare, racism, bigotry.
Are you kidding me?!  What alt-left reality are you living in?
Troll.Follow conversation,not bites you search to enrich your "rightiousness" rage
Replying to FemNurse. I have 5 boys now grown men. I take issue with them being categorized as victimizers.
Do you also take issue with reading? Because nowhere in my tweet did I mention men or boys.
A total disgrace making over a million $$ a year running the killer machine that exploits women, #Barbarism
Here's a literal menu of babies, harvested by Planned Parenthood:
For crying out loud give your anti-women evangelical crusade a rest. If you cared you'd support the living & breathing.
Especially NOT for anything related to their DeathCare!!  #DefundPP
Since the Hyde Amendment in 1976 no tax $ fund abortions for Medicaid, but it applies even when mothers life in danger
Are you saying women don't like to be eaten?  No wonder you're so uptight.
Nooooooo!  Women's healthcare issues need input from women!
I'm so angry and sad about this. The #AHCA is a death knell.
That's false info, rape is not and all that rushed to publish have back walked the claim.
So when will you give up your multi million paycheck? Thats all you care about. Your body, your choice, your money not mine to pay for it!
the moment Cruz and Cornyn are on a list you know women's rights won't be something that are discussed ever. #YAYTEXAS 
so grateful you had the opportunity to educate me! Love listening to old white men talk about my body 
HAHAHAHA right?! For a minute I absolutely forgot I was of no value to you unless you think I'm attractive. 
That is the one of the stupidest statements I have ever heard. How dare he honor his marriage. WTFE
Why are you assuming a man would be the one offering a higher position? @D0CH0IIiday
She didn't. You did. Case in point......
Ok. Now I'm confused. Then why couldn't she get an interview or a higher position? Because Pence? I must have missed something.
She was shut out, opportunity gone for no other reason but gender. Think about it, it's not confusing its sickening
Trump misogynists deciding who lives and who dies.
I imagine him with the Oprah voice saying... you get to live, you get to live, and you get to live! Everyone gets to live!!!!

That's so true because women's views are monolithic, they all embrace the abortion industrial complex.

#Parts4Sale
#DefundPP
You haven't met any really pissed women,obviously,with many "layers"of anger..monolithic?? That'll be t conservative dick w hard-on attitude
Usual response when one has no cogent argument to defend one's position. Not all women agree with you, just because they're women.
#DefundPP
You have a victimhood fetish, no soul AND shameless greed that preys upon, AND HARMS, mostly minority women?
You're all messed up.
@PPact
Wait, those who want to help people are greedy, but those who want insurance-company friendly policy + tax cuts for the very rich are not?
You really don't get what PP is, do you.
Well Said!!! 
So when will you give up your multi million paycheck? Thats all you care about. Your body, your choice, your money not mine to pay for it!
- You remind me of Jezebel so I would avoid getting near any windows, it didn't work out so well for her! U R not a woman!
Oh goody a new mantra. Babies have been on your menu for years Cecil. You're getting wealthy off of poor women though. I'll give you that.
should read, when women arent negotiating unborn baby parts prices they are driving their Lamborghinis from profits made from harvesting
It's called "#Cunninglus"
If you want your funding, keep your clinics accountable for following the law, ensure the safety of your patients, and stop deceiving ppl.
You mean like the menu of aborted baby body parts you sell?
So are the harvested baby parts sold by Planned Parenthood (NOT fake news)
...said like a woman who wants women ON the table, to have their unborn children brutally dismembered. Slow clap Cecile, slow clap...
Oh please. If there had been women, they would have been republicans, and you would have trashed it anyway. Emotion over reason.
oh honey - you give your kind way too much credit... not everyone likes fish.
@dylanlscott When you put women on the table, babies are on their death bed. Shameful. In EVERY way.
On your "menu", do you charge more for girl parts than boys? Asking for a friend.
You put women on the menu every day by slaughtering unborn women. Nobody kills as well as you.
Nummy!
That's your entire business to keep women on the butcher "table" to kill their babies. Big business for bigger salaries.
When women are on your table, their baby parts become the menu.
But babies are. Your priorities are selfishness and the destruction of minorities.
How are you this lacking in self awareness.
Don't worry, no one wants to eat you.
How many abortions of unborn females did it take before you bought that mansion of yours?
sex damages young minds, hearts & killing a child will be with them all their life? Can't teach sex isn't power? That they are more than sex
IT WOULD SHAME you to teach girls, teens, young women sex isn't something that makes one strong, mature, smart? That unprotected sex ... 3
IT WOULD SHAME you to actually girls, teens, young women to respect themselves? To stay in school, learn, have pride in being female? 1)
DON'T YOU mean "women ON the table, legs spread" to kill her baby?! Funny how she couldn't keep her legs together BEFORE she got pregnant.
You sell baby parts. You sure you want to keep this tweet?
A Modest Proposal
More like a price list. Like the baby parts you sell.

Make no mistake. #TrumpCare is an act of #Terrorism. #TrumpCare is an act of #HybridWar, designed to kill and confound. #TrumpRussia 
Unborn babies are on your menu.  How much for those parts?
So you're into oral sex?
Tweeting this to each of the 21 female US Senators!
Like the pieces of unborn children you wanted to exchange for... What was that a Lamborghini?
When women aren't at the table, we're on the menu. https://twitter.com/dylanlscott/status/860515477109526528 …
Here's a thought: term limits! Elect women that are running in your district. Not any? Support one. Stop the excuses and problem solve
Your arrogance to think that you speak for all women is astounding.Abortion quadruples woman's chance of breast cancer and is murder wise up
<---baby killer, special place for you in hell..... @dylanlscott God is watching
Or serving.
Fetal sushi?  I see this coming...
Will you have the fetus fried or broiled?
Um...no, can't think of anybody...

A child inside your body does not make her part of your body #saveTheBabyHumans
Or washing the dishes
@PattyMurray You COULD have fixed it. You did nothing. Why not ASK for a seat now???
Is that what you call the list of procedures done at Planned Parenthood clinics; a Menu of Procedures?
Good idea- my wife loves for me to eat her!!
Hang on!  What's this? You no longer kill to make Lamborghini payments?  Dead female babies are now your source of protein?
Can't help it if women don't vote for women
But only until just before they're born. How much for a heart, remind me?
And when PPFA women are at the table they're negotiating infant body parts for Lamborghinis
Ouch! I'm sure that burn stung Cecile quite a bit. I would love to give you a high five, DJaye!
You're paid a million dollars a year to do this? What about "income inequality"?
If you were on the menu, they don't make enough A-1.
Well said. Dems have lots of work to do to oust these vile men
Fuck the GOP. #handmaidstale
So...who at the table is ordering to eat women?
So now you're saying you have a menu for girl fetus parts?
Just wondering if you knew that planned parenthoods founder was a white supremacist who's goal was the extermination of blacks in America
Why?
 I believe than you respect everibody
I have more confidence in myself as a woman than to see myself as a victim of any1. Quit trying to play that card & own what u R. #pathetic

I'll give you the opportunity to clarify if you're actually calling me a snowflake.
Not at all!
On the contrary, I'm uniting with you, and offering a meme that I think you'll like.

Same goes for POC
From the woman who is the President of a killing machine ! SMH 
"Ok, let's see. Who here knows how this change in the bill will effect women...someone?....anyone?"
You're the company with body parts for sale.
When your women are at the table, they are talking about selling baby parts for sports cars....
Wow----well said !
Couldn't agree more ... Sounds like a good shirt to wear to the next march on Washington!!
-(2/2) these Democrats put their politics way above womens rights!!
-(1/2) All Dem women Senators are invited to the table to help define what this Healthcare package will look like. But they refuse to come.
#PPSellsBabyParts baby guts are on #PlannedParenthood menu
Cant you be both?
@joanne_crossan @dylanlscott  Wow. Well said. And pretty much true of every group.
more like in the dumpster
Baby parts for dinner?
No I'm not. You are one sick puppy. Always the victim never the victor.
Thank you.
Sort of like the baby parts that you put on the menu? Except the babies can't speak for themselves
well-said!
Suzi, you mean that Cecile puts the baby parts on the menu, correct?  I do NOT support planned barrenhood.
That's absolutely what I mean. It is a dirty stain on our nation
You're the witch selling baby parts by putting them on the @PPact menu. Your lack of self awareness is astounding!
Speaking of menues...when is the next fetal body parts clearance sale?
Join the club
as an arkansan i dont know how @SenTomCotton is qualified to decide the nations healthcare 
Putting these old men in charge of women's HC is outrageous. As if they have a single collective clue.
You're saying Mitch McConnell is Hannibal Lecter?
Yes - men eat women every day in America
So sad we even have to talk about healthcare one payer system is needed .
Planned Parenthood, where females are on the menu.

Heart of unborn female $42
Kidney of unborn female $37
Brain of unborn female $55 
#Menu
Women are on the tables of pp clinic shavings little girls and boy babies torn limb from limb and sucked out of them.
Where are the Democrats?


The only bodies Mc Connell and the GOP have been interested in have been bodies of water where their buddies can drill for oil and gas.
Aaaaaaaamen.
So is salad and a light Chablis while discussing the harvesting of baby organs.
with their legs open too!
Good point. #Spiritcooking is gross. Good thing Hillary lost.
Thousands of them won't be anywhere because you murder them before they get a chance.
Unborn children are on the menu at your clinics, ghoul.
To tweet that, @CecileRichards  must have no self awareness.
You're sick.
Trust me. No one wants to eat you.

#justsaying
You're a demon
You're the esteemed director of Planned ButcherBlock. You can lecture God on when life begins in the womb. Good luck!
No better way of saying this!
This is why women march and resist!
Ur reference to canibalism only serves to remind people of ur disregard for the flesh of small children. 
Do you live in a dark dank forest?
Women tend to use reason and facts in their decision making - and know how to collaborate and even compromise. No room for such audacity
And that makes no sense, especially when we can show that we can even build the kitchen.
Build it and run it.
Women aren't at table because those OLD rich white men think women should be seen and NOT heard. Remember what McConnell did to E. Warren
Proud of you! This reminds me of something your mother would have said. ♡
"All men are created equal" says it all."
Many Rs have never seen women as entirely human anyway; more like livestock used for breeding then discarded
No doubt about them! These dem womon would flick their ass in s fair fight!
Truth!! Major fail!
McConnell heartless Nazi
It's because "intelligent" things like this that someone is not at the table.  All genders.
GOP women won't do anything for women lets face it they hate women's rights just as much as the men that's how Trump got elected!
@IndivisibleTeam SO true! Gotta say GOP congress makes no secret of their zero value 4 women, seniors, poor & minorities-SAD
@IndivisibleTeam @SenMajLeader it's unreal isn't it?
Looking forward to seeing @BetoORourke unseat @tedcruz after this
What in the everloving hell?!!!!!!??
X
The Women trusted Trump's regime to fix everything. Almost all White women voted for him. Time to carry on with life 
Mimi I am not even worried, the last time I was actually sick is like 15 years ago; as an African my body is equipped to heal itself 

Or doing the waitressing.  That's all we're good for, remember?
@SenateDems The GOP white Christian men believe women should be powerless. My faith respects women's strengths and equality
@SenateDems Women have become complacent because we assumed the rights we had fought for would not go away. Now here we are.
@SenateDems As a woman from the 60's and beyond it is heartbreaking how far GOP is turning back the clock. We must resist.
They are cowards.
Ain't that the #thruth 
# Handmaid's Tale
@PolitikMasFina how is #GOP bill any different than other forms of violence against women? Removing health care is violent!
Health care should be decided by health care professionals & facilities..Lawmakers & insurance cos are totally unqualified, rule by GREED!!!
Insurance greed effects everyone, but Congress will never address as long as insurance companies are campaign donors.
I've blamed insurance companies for a majority of US problems for many years...  They operate on GREED ONLY...  EXPAND MEDICARE FOR ALL!!!
It's code for barefoot & pregnant.
But look at the voting power of women...they are not the ones you want to alienate.
As far as Trump is concerned, it's a all you can eat buffet!
@amjoyshow Omg these two??
The main course, to be sure
Women in the House who voted for this travesty should be implanted with "Y" chromosomes because they act as though they have them anyway.
AMEN Cecile!After teaching h s,glad that yung ppl will get in "the arena."Not afraid to take the leap,or let theri voices b heard;Girls guts
Anyone want to reconsider the shit you gave me when I said of @HillaryClinton , "yes vote vagina"?
Wow  what a powerful statement
@CoryBooker @dylanlscott 
Sadly, I see a smugness & a sense of entitlement here from some fortunate women. Compassion!!!
Sure are! Most expensive meal I have had was from a woman
I hope you understand that a dirty mind would take that a very different direction.
Insanity!!

Thread: Trump's (and the GOP's) war against sexual assault/rape victims is perhaps the most disturbing part of his presidency.
Brilliantly put
This is so true! #WomenUniteAgainstGOP #womensrights
@GOP leadership in 2017
Brilliant!
Unfortunately yes...tie us up..those uppity gals.
Why? TX1
Crazy-as-hell white guys. From what I know, the female senators want nothing to do with it. God, I hate being white sometimes.
Well put, Cecile
truer words never spoken...I'm not a damn steak, move over @SpeakerRyan
Or dead and chopped up on a tabke after aborted
Ahhhhh great line and so true!
Not a person with ovaries in the bunch. I'm furious. This feeling is becoming routine. A bunch of men deciding our health care. Outrageous
Something' very wrong with so many women letting "a bunch of men" get so up close & personal with their womb.

No sleaze.
Dignity rocks!
https://twitter.com/dkelections/status/860208661267918848 … FYI.
The fundraising page you've been waiting for: 24 vulnerable House GOPers who voted "YES" on killing healthcare http://dkel.ec/2paI1aB  

Ditto, POC & LGBTQ folks
Can someone make a photograph meme out of this we need to keep sharing cause so true!
