because you are the swamp Trump is talking about
Trump explicitly labeled Goldman Sachs as emblematic of the swamp. Your feels don't determine it.

Ohhh, you're one of THOSE autismos.  You forgot your medicine, bud.  Here's a reminder:

> Favoriting and Retweeting yourself
of course I retweet my posts, it is funny 
Maybe someday you'll find someone else who likes you. In the meantime, I've found you a role model.
.@RonWyden @danielschuman @Medium Sen Wyden, you are one of the few standing up for us, thinking of moving to Oregon. @chrisrudy777
come visit, this spring if you can wait that long, and you'll never leave!
Really looking bad here, want to be somewhere where the govt will fight for me.
It's really hard, but we have to be the change we seek
.@danielschuman @chrisrudy777 @RonWyden Daniel r u in Oregon?
At the moment I'm in Northern California. Will be back in DC this weekend.
, Thank you Senator Wyden for the due diligence you've taken to carefully vet all nominees
As a conservative I thank you for the efforts you have made to protect our Constitutional rights from intrusive gov't surveillance
not being a dick, but his efforts haven't been very successful. nor have RP's. it's frustrating.
it's true. But I think regular Americans like me should share the blame for that. It's up to us to hold our reps responsible.
basically confirmed that we're an oligarchy & have no operative capacity to substantively influence govt https://scholar.princeton.edu/sites/default/files/mgilens/files/gilens_and_page_2014_-testing_theories_of_american_politics.doc.pdf …
Haven't seen it before. I'll give it a read.
it's depressing. BBC gave it some coverage:
because you were @SenSchumer ace in the hole for going back on his word! A stain on both your records!
Thank you for standing up for truth & justice. So proud to have you represent me!
"We need a CIA Director whose views of intelligence aren’t shaped by what the President wants to hear".  Bravo Sir.
Thank you! Do not give in to a fascist and his ignorant minions!
Thank you Ron
thank you
Thank you, Senator!  I am proud to have you representing me.
Thank you so much, glad you are my senator. Keep pushing back on #Russia and #TrumpTaxReturns
thank you for your vote; from a constituent.
Thank you. You make me proud to be an Oregonian. Keep up your great work.
Thank you.
NOTHING.
Thankyou for doing the right thing and voting no! #tyt
You're an insufferable gasbag Mr. Wyden. You repeated yourself in a myriad different ways yesterday.
or you are just a whack job who is going to vote against anyone and anything the newly elected Administration puts forward.
.@RonWyden Thank you!
thanks Sen Wyden. Proud to be from Oregon!
Guess your biased opinion couldn't be bought!
why don't u help are state for a change why don't you look people instead of your believe eugene portland not everyone
omg   you act like  big baby   maybe u do need meds the way u acted you are to support oregon not be  political  hack
thank you
Thank you, from an Oregonian.
Seriously are you EVER a loser!
Recall Wyden!!!!
Thank you
thank you
, thank you so much for this.
thank you
Keep up the good fight from an Oregon resident!
You're a prime example of why we need term limits.
Please don't stop with the investigation into Trump colluding with Russia. Trumps a liar and sociopath !!
You were amazing during Mike Pompeo confirmation hearing. #Thankful
seriously just quit with the twitter posts about everyone of the picks.  EVERYBODY knows you will vote no for all of them.
long, flowery-Cut to the Point and title "Russians stole the election" obstruction is pushing more RED in NW. Can we get to work?!
Thank you Senator Wyden for representing Oregon well. Keep it up.
good show #impeachtrump
Thank you Senator for working so hard for the people!  You're the best!
Thank you for your vote! Please keep fighting the good fight.
thank you for standing up - we're going to need you to keep fighting
Thank you Senator!
I trust you. Thanks for doing your job so well.
I am proud to call you & merkley my senators! Thank you.
thank you!!!
Please act responsibility not partisanly. 
1/2 of the US is ready to riot.  Our berated police are short staffed & fatigued. Peace
Thank you, Senator. Please keep fighting.
thank you for voting no.
Thank you! We need your voice. National security is the number one priority right now. We stand behind you.
@hierroyluz @Medium because you're a decent human being. There's your reason.
Can we clone you?
if you are explaining it means your losing just saying
Please help us remove this orange reptile from the WH.  He's truly unhinged
Thank you for continuing to fight against unnecessary and dangerous intrusion into American privacy by our government.
We won't forget that you voted no.
Thankyou Ron Wyden!!
@ASFried @Medium thank you.  Damn the others who broke rank.
@ckkoch3 @Medium yeah but it didn't help, he was confirmed, right?
you did an amazing job today! Proud you are my senator!
@jennzen78 @Medium 

Ummm, appointed, not elective.
.
@randpaul bravo to you both, for standing up for privacy!
Thank you
thank you! grateful for your stances every day
thank you Ron, may your principles inspire your colleagues
wish you were my Senator.
-coz your a leftist globalist -!!
:And why you have my vote. Keep fighting this insanity. We appreciate it
Won't forget that Pompeo also pushed WikiLeaks on his Twitter.
https://twitter.com/RepMikePompeo/status/757253079922270208 …
I am ashamed to call you & merkley my senators!
Thank you, Mr. Wyden. Please continue to seek to protect our civil liberties.
You're about as extreme as they come, signed off on healthcare without reading/understanding it & did the same on u n Arms Treaty!
if you're for sanity, you can't be for Trump. He's completely unhinged
I think you are probably unhinged! TRUMP IS GREAT!
Trumps an ahole and so is anyone who supports him.  You'll see
thank you for your #integrity & #strength onto #trumpsTaxes and #TAXDAYMARCH #weStandUnited #WeAreTheMajority
Thank you, Ron! - one of your constituents.
Thank you.
.@RonWyden So glad we have you.
keep their feet to the fire Senator Wyden
