CBO just scored the “skinny repeal” bill. 16M Americans would lose insurance + 20% spike in premiums, per senior Dem aide
This is why @PattyMurray and I fought to get this CBO score so quickly. Americans deserve to know what impacts policies have!
WHY don't any of you care about the devastating impact the ACA has had on families in the individual market? Why is it ok for us to suffer?
Noticed neither of you answered - you never do.
43 m Americans w/o health ins will be a fiscal disaster. Ins co's will make up losses with prem hikes, bankruptcies and deaths will increase
This is a tax.
Don't listen to Donald's threats stand up and do the right thing! All took an oath. Time grow some balls ! Vote NO
@jbendery youre either being delib disingenuous (liar!) or are stupid. MANY "losing" happy to be relieved of burden! #skinnyrepeal
yeah I think they know they're being dishonest, &they don't care if some us see thru it.
absolutely infuriating that either theyre being fools or playing ppl for fools. sadly prob lotta both are.
if we end the drug war, tens of thousands of ppl will no longer receive 3 square meals a day! 
if someone comes up with a cure for cancer, millions of people will no longer receive their chemo treatments!
You starve or have healthcare. Great choice given by @GOP
Working under the premise that "you'd rather get kicked in the shins than the nuts."
Thanks for reminding us what Obamacare has brought us.  Huge premium hikes and crap unusable insurance.  #RepealObamacare
Thanks Knuckle Dragging Trump supporters and Treasonous Republicans!
I'm a type 1 diabetic n scared shitless
We will become skinny because we won't be able to feed our families and have health care. Stop this cruelty,  please!
Young healthy people will choose to not have ins & not $1 is cut from medicaid so how are 16M losing coverage?
What do you tell Americans who can no longer afford to have health care because of the ACA?
Stem cell transplant and #Obamacare saved my life! Vote No!
Poor Americans who loose their insurance coverage. Poor partisan opticians who had 7 yrs to make a better bill. They too will be gone.
The name is 90% of the time the exact opposite of the truth. Unabashedly.
Only the skinny survive
And yet they'll pass it ... just to pass the buck.
@Scaramucci
PLEASE HELP US! MCCONNELL IS TRYING TO TRICK A GOP VOTE ON A BOGUS BILL TO B CHANGED IN CONFERENCE
What is this #freedombill that @SHSPRESSSEC mentioned in #presser today?
Bad bill!  I agree!  Help save lives...make it better.  Look around the world at examples of great healthcare.  Hint: it's not insurance 
Guess it does not pass the Cruz test.
WOW that's less than Obama's 23 Million less 8 million illegals! ppl already paying $1800 mo premiums, not affordable! We want Your plan!!!
What is going on. What is this bad will towards vulnerable citizens who need health care.

@RonWyden @jbendery
Partisanship; power hungry; greed; and cow towing. Pathetic qualities.
Unfortunately we have a bunch of rich Republican politicians deciding what is skinny for middle class or poor people.
A 20% spike means my small business will have to pay an extra $25000/yr for less coverage.
Insurance companies wrote these HC proposals.  This is the wealthiest country the world has ever known.  We can give our people Health Care!
Tell them how it will impact their employer provided insurance too. 20% increase has to impact that
They'll become skinny when they can no longer afford food and have failing health. Not the skinny I want any American to face.
'Skinny' is a lie.  I wish ppl would stop using that word.  It was made up by the GOP to pretend they're doing something.
Imagine the response if Isis managed to ostracise, endanger and isolate 16m Americans!!!
Keep up the good work Wyden!
We have to fight - can't give up
I'm mid breast cancer treatment, skinny plan looks to directly affect my ability to afford Blue Shield. What then? Die? Gvmt assistance?
This also moves the process to House Senate conference committee where more mischief awaits.
Thank you sir.
We are already facing a 12%+ increase here in our premiums which is challenging enough.
From Texas, our ESI has gone up a not insig amount because of this nonsense.
I'm on individual market and pay full fare. There is NOTHING "skinny" about this to me. My NC senators keep voting to hurt me.
The republicans just keep throwing stuff at the wall hoping something will stick. Keep the surface clean and thanks. #goducks
We have you democrats to thank you increase. 2018 get rid of lying hypocrites.
What tell them you democrats passed Obamacare and didn't even read it, passed it and did nothing to fix it. You did this not Trump
CBO:15 MILLION WOULD OPT OUT OF OBAMACARE IF THEY COULD!
If ACA mandate were to be repealed and Americans were no longer required
skunky repeal
Thank you Senator for your dedication!!
Nope, definitely not skinny.
Instead ofjust being contradictory If you have better plan put it out there or shut the hell upMost will accept worse gladly over obomacare
Thank you Senator Wyden! So proud & grateful that you & Senator Merkley represent Oregon citizens!
Repeal ,do not replace.Government needs to get out of our pockets for others healthcare!
Or you can tell them "you can keep your provider and your doctor and it's going to cost you less".  Is this Biggest Lie Wins?  You win.
Tell a single mother or a family on the edge that can't feed kids they have to pay for everyone's abortions, even out of state and illegals
Where are the millions lost on a website that didn't work for Cover Oregon- super expensive commercials and no one could get ACA Oregon?
Tell me Ron why my premiums and deductibles went up triple, coverage lower and my debt is off the charts now after the ACA?
And we all know how accurate @USCBO is.
This is important, and I don't understand why the urgency to push everything through. Winning just to win is no way to govern
Keep fighting this, Senator, for Oregon and the nation. They may call it skinny, but it's thick with cruelty.
It's skinny time when you have to choose between food and healthcare.
How many of the 16m is a personal choice? In the last cbo it was 15m so this Great!
Too bad you did not tell me the truth that my health insurance cost would skyrocket as a result of your plan.  Hypocrite
@jbendery With Obamacare enrollments at approx 10 million, CBO numbers don't add up.
If you weren't so ideologically blind, you would see that the ACA is a disaster and collapsing upon itself.
DEMS LIE, CBO inaccurate & OBAMACARE IS DEAD !! 
Pence literally just said that there are different rules for Washington than regular people on tucker. So much for draining the swamp!
.@RonWyden @jbendery Tell the millions who didn't keep their plan, didn't keep their doctor, didn't save $2500, that Dems stuck us with ACA.
It is unacceptable that we are debating how many people we will kill so we can pass a tax bill.
Yes, we need to stop using their marketing propaganda verbatim, when it is so completely divorced from reality.
@jbendery thanks to your obstructionism ask will have higher premiums and less coverage
Tell the Americans who lost affordable Health Insurance with the #ACA Why we should care what your lying mouth says
You still be "skinny" & bones when you dead...so, yeah, skinny.
Just get the government out of healthcare already..... until that happens it will be a complete disaster.
Terminate Medicare and Medicaid entirely? Fuck old people, let 'em die? Is that it?
Don't think that's what they're saying.
My parent is an octegenarian. Recently widowed. Only SS. She can't afford an increase, the her insurance is pvt pay
Not possible because No one knows who is losing, keeping, or opting until the whole Bill is released. DUH!
Then Thst should have been done weeks, not hours before an intended vote. "DUH!"
These cutsey names hide the fact that all of these bills are horrendous.
Why are the Dems not screaming for impeachment?
This is like going on a diet when you have to lose 100 lbs and losing only 10 or 20. Does this plan make me look fat?
