Will post the link to the video here tomorrow
My conversation with @ACLU's @neemaguliani on surveillance, civil liberties & Trump admin & the fight ahead.

VIDEO: https://www.facebook.com/aclu.nationwide/videos/10154119953291813/ …
??? What's up no link?
How likely are mass arrests of dissidents and others?
How possible is it to remove Trump from office, for taxes/gross incompetence/not upholding the constitution?
only way to remove Trump from office is impeachment. Problem for you is GOP holds the house and will keep it in 2018
I'm hoping you're wrong about the midterms. Hell, hoping enough GOPers can be convinced he's mad & they're better w/Pence.
in that case hope is all you have because the GOP has not had this much power since the 1920s. They will waste no time.
I'm sure they won't be any worse than under BHO and GWB. This is why big govt is bad.
Here's the link since they chose not to post it here: https://www.facebook.com/aclu.nationwide 
Trump uses lawsuits as a weapon. Could he use Atty Gen to clog up the courts and  punish oppo to his policy?
When will you crybabies get back to work and do the people's business?
from what I read above, when discrimination ends/ "Republican" values of civil liberties upheld
what is the gov't case for going ahead w/the DAPL in defiance of the Treaty of Laramie?
What are you going to do and what can we do to make sure court decisions are enforced? Also Enulments clause?
Is this only for people who agree with you? Seems Dem tolerance stops at the door of contrary views.
checks&balance. Else might as well have Trump direct DoJ. Appointees should be free
Is the Q&A happening?
What can I do to help? More than calls and donations?
How do you reconcile your current opinion on Gorsuch with the fact that you voted for him in 2006
How can we stop Bannon from being a permanent fixture on the NSC?
what can we, the people, do to encourage the DNC to fight hard right now and not to normalize the last 9 days?
#MuslimBan is HORRIBLE but in what way is it unconstitutional (the technical def. not just un-American)
Are you aware of Trump campaign's big data mining via Cambridge Analytica? How can we protect politics from this growing industry?
How can we ensure admin won't continue to employ private sector surveillance, data mining to manipulate politics/erode democracy?
Bannon on Board of Cambridge Analytica & Kushner brother in tech- how can we ensure private citizen data won't be shared by admin?
Thiel is another. How do we ensure protection of private citizen data from those who have the chance to make big $ from it?
Without cooperation of GOP to check & balance, is judicial system our best option to deal w/ Trump admin surveillance overreach?
Data mining/surveillance & Russia intervention is directly related. Hope you're investigating on Select Intel Committee too!
Is Trump following up on campaign promise and targeting families of terrorists in military ops?
Worried Trump disease is malignant narcissism and a perfect pawn for Bannon.  Please support impeachment.
please block the Supreme Court nominee even if it means they change the rules
#BoycottTrumpPicks #TrumpBan
Can Spicer be sued for threats to State Dept staff signing Dissent Memo or for neg statemnt on Yates firing?
Can Refugee Agencies sue for compensation, lost wages for employees soon out of work due to refugee ban?
Will US govt be required to pay airfare, expenses for visa holders turned back due to#muslimban when admitted?
How long will it likely take to get a ruling on #muslimban? Can there be a stay to stop implementation first?
I believe in Non-violent Revolution to end this regime. At what risks to I place myself by openly discussing?
my question: any chance of impeachment soon before Trump gets us all killed?
Thank you Senator for your stellar representation-keep up the heat!
has the federal government been abiding by the court orders on Muslim ban? If not, what happens next?
how do we maintain momentum on the investigation of Russia influence on telection and possible ties to Trump?
Bannon as Nat.Sec.C. NO! Serious concern trump is mentally unfit to govern/not qualified. Want more??
Sessions/history of racial discrimination, Voter suppression (Vote by Mail?), primary is National Sec.
Why did you vote for confirmation of Pompeo?
How can Bannon be removed from the NSC? What recourse do you/we have?
Thank you for fighting.  It's a new, less courteous world.  Time to fight for our Democratic lives.
I'd also like to know what can be done about Bannon.
How can Bannon be removed from the NSC?
Will you commit to withhold consent on Senate business until the ban has been lifted?

BOYCOTT THIS COVERAGE. Do NOT participate in televised propaganda, teach the networks to refuse, give snowflake @realDonaldTrump bad ratings https://twitter.com/nytpolitics/status/826550707390128132 …
not a question. i'm a maule (1695), see zenger (1735). ban contrary to toleration acts, estab. state religion.
. Why is the DOD monitoring and directing the education of our children?
Spicer said the ones detained from the ban go through a process before re-entry. What exactly is that process?
hp long til the bums are kicked out
Do you know a good candidate to run against Walden? Seriously, the guy has got to go.
what protections do sanctuary cities have from federal retaliation?
can the cabinet nominees be sued and removed for conflicts of interest?
are there legal ways to remove or block Bannon from the NSC?
Thank you for fighting for all of us. #checksandbalances
Also, how do we protect net neutrality & freedom of the press? What is the best way to resist this regime?
re: aag: q5. was usa dana boente the first or second usa asked to become aag after firing of aag yates?
I'm worried about "national security" as an excuse for surveillance/metadata collection. The 4th Amendment!
ACLU had a surge of funding. How, specifically, will those funds be used to fight unlawful surveillance?
How can we invalidate election because of collusion with Russia to interfere with election? Valid POTUS: HRC.
do you stand with @SenJeffMerkley on filibustering the Supreme Court nominee by trump administration?
@pabarr76 
strategy of the White House appears to be to dilute our focus. So, what is the 1 key civil liberties issue?
I want to know how our children (esp. those with disabilities) will be protected if Devos gets in.
re: usms: q4. attached to the art iii branch, 1789, prior conflict between doj & art iii involving usms?
True that US Marshals in LA are not complying with Federal Court Orders in LA, under direction from the US AG?
Interested in Bannon's role, esp. on the NSC & "secret asassination" role. I want him off! He had no vetting
Whats the most effective way for normal citizens to prevent the growth of NSA/mass surveillance in the age of Trump?
Does the Countering Disinformation And Propaganda Act violate 1st amendment?
as visa decisions are made by US employees, don't protected classes apply? Ex can't prefer/exclude one class?
I hope this is a stupid question, but these rights apply to any visa holder, right?: https://www.aclu.org/files/kyr/MKG17-KYR-PoliceImmigrationFBI-OnePager-English-v01.pdf …
.@RonWyden @neemaguliani When you need @ACLU to fight for ppl's rights you KNOW you don't live in a True Democracy http://www.lougogan.com/politics/politics.php …
Set up a livestream off the facebook platform. We won't all ask Zuckerberg and Thiel for permission to access.
we are doomed.
Can you explain why @POTUS44 expanded surveillance before handing to Trump?
How best to protect any government workers who may want to whistleblow on the trump admin.
The FBI allegedly has an exploit for the iPhone and Tor browser. Is there any legal path to exposing those?
We're hearing reports not only that CBP agents are refusing to comply with court orders but US Marshals are too. What can be done?
Is USA Freedom Act a good compromise to ending metadata collection? If so, why? If not, will ACLU challenge?
Show up to your job that taxpayers are paying you for! How shameful & entitled of you! This will be last term
Will you commit to filibustering any Supreme Court nominee like your colleague from Oregon?
What legal remedies would allow for the removal of Steve Bannon from security briefings & diplomatic meetings
Please ask @ legal residents being held at LAX from countries beyond the 7 listed in the XO. CBP gone rogue.
Do it on #Twitter & I'll RT. I never direct anyone to #Facebook.

#FB
stop violating civil rights of illegal search and seizure of American citizen data NOW!!!!
re: fisa: q3. may art ii branch "confirm" aag's capacity to issue fisa warrants, in lieu of senate confirm?
will @neemaguliani start tweeting so we can benefit from her expertise/stay informed + take action when time-sensitive?
Is that to ask whether we'll still have any?
Is mounting a legal challenge to Rule 41 a priority? If so, how are you doing that? If not, why?
Is there a way to prevent gov't registries (Muslim or otherwise) based on social media data mining?
Can u describe specific ways you & the ACLU are preparing for the inevitable net neutrality fight?
What about this crap bill by Matt Gaetz to do away with the EPA?
Thank you Mr Wyden for standing up for us
