Again I ask what else do you propose he do this was an event back to back to back and total devastation he's not God
U obviously are in the dark about the reality of what has gone on and what is going on. Ur theatrics make U look the fool, puppet. DNC BS!
Liar.  Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello said on Monday he is “very grateful” to President Donald Trump and praised the response.
https://www.facebook.com/POTUSDonaldTrump/posts/1993435047568980 …
Very fake news! Democracy dies with lies!!!
FEMA guy on PBSNewsHr yesterday said 4 Million meals, undelivered. 1 meal per person won't go far. Humanitarian crisis!
Stop politicizing Puerto Rico low life -especially with bold faced lies. Might have not been such a disaster if not bankrupt due to Dems ey?
Hmmm do some research - Trump owes around 33m back taxes to PR from the failed Trump golf course that his family was supposed to be managing
How are you helping? What can we do to help you?
Hahaha! Trumplestiltskins = idiots. 
Puerto Rican cancer patients need help! More must be done to provide support and care for these vulnerable patients.
If only there was a Trump Golf Resort on the island, he'd send aid. I don't think he knows Puerto Ricans are Americans. the USVI.
What is the Congress doing to help?? President has had food, gasoline, water landing every hour for 3 days!
Wake up America to the disgusting Lie's of CNN, NBC, ABC and disgusting Democrats that are trying to ruin our country and destroy!
Think about ball players taking a knee at games.  They are saying the Flag/Anthem are racial??  The Flag and Anthem are not ! Resp
Really Ron?

Something I don't understand, for decades we've been airdropping needed supplies: water, food, meds, to other countries in need, why not PR?
#FakeNews

NPR
http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/09/28/554297787/puerto-rico-relief-goods-sit-undistributed-at-ports …
The only good news about your comments is he doesn't have to deal with your Russian Ruse!
Is there something that prevents Congress from doing more also?  Or are you too busy playing politics?

There an independent government
@GOP @TheDemocrats #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow 
#TrumpHelpPuertoRicoNOW
Go to PR. Since when do you all need WH permission? And scuttle the Jones Act.  OR is proud of your leadership! Keep going @JeffMerkley
Thank you. Congress needs to immediately act on relief funding and President Trump must lead on marshaling the resources to help.
Ron Wyden is an Oregon politician, anything he says is a lie, everything he says is wrong, he is wrong, ruined Oregon with liberal bullshit!
Puppyboy, I am not sure you are listening carefully.  Wyden is a Dem, too bad, but I think he mostly follows his truth, like you.
Yes, I know he is a dem
Oregon used to be a working man State, logging, farming, fishing Etc. and then the libtards ruined it, wyden sucks!
Oregon is an awesome state.
It is Paradise 
the 45th parallel
The Goldilocks zone
Dems should have been speaking up before now! OK, not speaking up, shrieking up! So much to scream about.....
Good

Briefed @POTUS @realDonaldTrump in #SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership, quick response & commitment to our people  
Thank you, sir. You are a gentleman and a scholar, and  I salute you.
The Gov of PR says there's nothing he's asked for that @POTUS hasn't sent. He's very pleased with the Presidents response. @ricardorossello
He won't do more because they are brown
Why doesn't your sorry ass do more for the American people???  Your picture.... woof
WHAT A DISASTER @RonWyden !!! 
IS TRUMP JUST STUPID ???
Nothing from TRUMP is simple. You, as President of the United States has 2 actually care about the citizens. Wait, what care about people?
Maybe if ur colleagues in the Senate didn't just vote to approve $700b military spending, we could. Can't ever have enough tanks tho, right?
You go, and make a difference, got any skills? Other than 
They just got FAA up, the runway and only so many ships can fit in harbor to load and unload. Navy is ther 10,000 Feds. What did you want
Is there anything else you can possibly complain about this week about Potus? I'm sure you'll find something
But you are a senator...why can't you help them!?!?
You guys need to read more and listen to what is really happening instead of calling out the government. The Governor said they have supplie
No power = rotting food = closed stores
Maybe we can convince the NFL to take a 'bye' week and send all the players there to actually do something that matters...#PuertoRicoRelief
naa.
He can do more. He should do more. He MUST do more
Itsssssssssss.ssssssssssssimple Run ssssssssssssshut the hell up
Said the lisping, limp-wristed domestic enemy of the Constitution
A lowlife dem who cheered & championed all the damage Obama did to America
You don't even care what happens in Oregon
 im dead 
You just insulted the U.S Navy, the U.S Coast Guard, the Marines, USAF, FEMA, the American Red Cross! Good job! Get your facts straight!
Red cross is a 'joke.' They charge people for any "help" they receive
Shut up he is doing everything humanly possible get down there and help lazy
He helped Houston and Florida and governor of Puerto Rico is saying Trump Responded Quickly......meanwhile you are here flapping your gums
Trump said that however I watched the mayor with my own two eyes crying her eyes out because they are not getting no help. Trump is a liar
Without casting stones at Trump what are you doing Ron to help Puerto Rico yourself?
She'll do just fine.
What do you what him to do and what are you doing to help?
of the people who cheated to get in our White House with the help of the Russians. A real USA President. How about the one that actually won
@realDonaldTrump  And you going there doesn’t count as doing something....just so you are aware.
Falling on orange deaf ears
We Americans are sick and tired of the soap opera that is Donald Trump. Give US(A) a real President we can work with. Not Pence and the rest
It's time to impeach him and get on with the business that is AMERICA. Thank you Senator Wyden. ;) You have been noticed. ;)
But he's not going to. Could you please start the impeachment process before more innocent people die on his watch.

Do more for Oregonian SME's please and pass tax reform. Don't be scared of the DNC threats. We will have your back!

When @ricardorossello told us there was food water & medicene sitting in the port of Puerto Rico, we went looking. Here's what we found. 
Can congress perform the needed actions instead? eg assume trump's only ability is to sign a paper & proceed accordingly?
This is just a disaster and these brooks deserve more help. NOW. Fly planes in, send the navy, but paratroopers, whatever it takes.
The ppl of PUERTO RICO has faith in President @realDonaldTrump. The concern is w/the corrupt Govt of PR. #The #NeedsToGo #ToThePplOfPR
Carlos Beltran said the Help from his Organization is going to the Ppl of PR .. #NotTheGovtOfPR
A very emotional Carlos Beltran spoke about the damage Puerto Rico.

He has started a hurriane relief fund: …

@sandhyawp It’s simple. Puerto Rico has 0 electors. Texas has 38 so they got help from Trump. We need to count votes not electors!
Maybe so, but let me ask, what have you done - Other than pander and politicize, a donation, legislation, anything? Bueller... Bueller...

Thank you! I know you have so much to fight for right now, but this is an immediate need. Keep it up!
3,000 containers are just sitting FULL of supplies and they can not touch them!
He wont lift the Jones Act. Must watch! https://www.facebook.com/TheOther98/videos/2039047082772926/?hc_ref=ARQQoP-4puGVg7emRScUN650pgogyA5U8s9PhkTI2J0LL6xs-A_FaYFid5pCGaP3jW4 …
What is wrong with this picture?
Maybe if Puerto Ricans Started Waving Nazi and Confederate Flags, Trump would get them the Aid they desperately need.?
Really helpful and insightful post
Gee which branch of government has the power of the purse? I'll bet the fake news outlet knows, you not so much.
This has got to stop! We should not have to repeatedly tell our president what his job is!
Trump has done his job more in his first year than Obama did in his horrific 8 year presidency. Your argument sucks. Your confirmation bias
also sucks.
Further: to publicly berate US disaster victims for government debt – from the highest office in the land – is shameful. Apologize.
It goes out of its way to demoralize people who are in need of both moral and material support from their elected representatives. Shame.
Like getting rid of pesky regulations like say...the Jones Act...he hates regulations but keeps that one?
Well the corporations would hate it and that's good enough for him
Lol oh Ronny, you so crazy
@realDonaldTrump Build a few factories like you promised while you rebuild. Fix the $72B deficit in PR & maybe people will trust you. #Lies
