Good job you did nothing
why hasn't Comey exposed the truth in this man, it's illegal 2 run the WH for your own benefit for entire family #LIAR LIAR
keep the fight this is the dumbest POTUS ever lies everyday&get away w anything he wants.entire family conflicts of interest
he won the fight, this is the most dumbest POTUS ever, talk 2 much,Lies everyday,conflicts of interest w entire family #HOW?
you would make a good car salesman.
Did Trump just pay Putin back for stealing the election by bombing Syria??
All hell has broken up another level...we still need to #StopGorsuch #holdthefloor  
Looking for a lot of friends
Thank you, @SenJeffMerkley for your commitment to the legacy of this nation and the future of SCOTUS. #StopGorsuch
Proud of you.
What a waste of time but what would you expect from Schummer's minions. The dems can't stop a good man from joining the SCOTUS
Thank you for your patriotism. We need you more than ever. These ware dangerous times for our country, our people, our planet.
If you want to make a stand and have the American people follow...The Dems should refuse pay and health benefits of gorsch was voted in.
No respect for the Nation who voted @POTUS in for #President #Democrats only care about their own agenda supporting #IllegalAliens
Thank you
Love you, thanks for that marathon speech
you are my Hero!!
Thank you for your service!!
Someone get this man a milkshake so he can keep going
Thank you for principled standing up for democracy & country 1st.  Sen.McConnell & complicit GOP responsible for serious harm to us all.
u lied for hours in front of a sign saying we the people while u fought to undermine the people u claim to represent u need to be voted out
It's great to #StopGorsuch but we need to ratify the #ERA to give our judges a legal framework for the equality of women as human beings
Thank you for having principles and a backbone to stand up to the corporate mouth pieces that now infect our government.
THANK YOU, #IronmanMerkley!  Thanks for your herculean efforts that made the filibuster a success!
THANK YOU SENATOR MERKLEY
Thanks, Senator.
Me Caine said they were idiots for changing the rule for the 60 vote but is he voting for it?
Thanks so much Senator for standing for the people 
Thank you Senator for literally standing up for us!!!
THANK YOU! You are a true hero!
You're awesome! I don't live in Oregon but I'd vote for you.
You are a Rock Star!!!
Way to waste your time, and still look like you are doing something...
Thanks @SenJeffMerkley for showing strength against a hypocritical GOP Congress
You are not a hero, you're a child. Acting like toddler who didn't get their way and throwing a tantrum.
thank you Senator for all that you do!!!! proud that you are in the Senate & fighting for the American people!
Thank you for your leadership
Sir, You're a HERO!
Proud to have you as one of my U.S. Senators!
Thank you Senator Merkley.
Your actions are #deplorable. All for political theater rather than the good of the country. #confirmgorsuch. put country above politics.
Just wanted to thank you personally #StopGorsuch #holdthefloor #RESISTANCE
The milk is spilled and dried, get over it and do your job! He is qualified!
perhaps generations to come and I can not in good conscience be a party to this travesty to our courts and our democracy. #GorsuchUnfit
2 do otherwise will permanently weaken & destroy our highest court & every court of Justice in our land 4 decades & perhaps #GorsuchUnfit
& until that error is corrected by giving Judge Garland a full hearing process & vote due him, this seat must remain vacant. #GorsuchUnfit
because by refusing 2 consider Judge Garland's nomination the Legislative Branch usurped the power of the Executive Branch #GorsuchUnfit
If he were for the rule of law, he would have stepped forward & said "Thank you  but I can't accept your nomination #GorsuchUnfitbecause
Neil Gorsuch showed himself to be unfit to sit on the U.S. Supreme Court when he accepted Donald Trump's nomination. #GorsuchUnfit
Thank you, Sir. You are a shining example of what our country needs.
Good for you! We are behind you all the way
I tire of political crap from both you and the repubs. Stop wasting money and time. do your job not this grandstanding crap
Thank you!!!
While I'm not a constituent I still appreciate you as you continue to #resist and try to do what's right for all citizens
why not stand for all those hours to end letting baby's and woman die during abortions. Do somethings under God OK
Thank you,please do not allow this corporatist whore get anywhere near the Supreme Court #StopGorsuch
Thank you
Merkley, your a clown!
Senator I am so awed by you, We are blessed to have you as a dem. Senator ..Thank you !

If you are speaking your mind 10 seconds should do
You are a childish person throwing a tantrum like a 3 year old. If you can't confirm a decent mant like Gorsuch then gtho
#notmysenator fool
Thank you!
I sincerely thank you for your tremendous commitment for the American people. It means so much for us all.
I am proud that my vote for you was not wasted, thank you for fighting for us,  not just us Oregonians, The American People
You are an inspiration. Thankyou well done. Admiration for your stamina and living your truth. Reminds me of Mr smith goes to Washington. 
Speaking for the little man!!!
Senator amazing job last night!  @DNC take note this is how we know u r fighting with us not against us.
Thank you Senator Merkley.
Thank you Senator.
And we have to pay the Senate staff and security for this nonsense.  You people have really got to go.
Thank you Senator!
Sit down and shutup already.
THANK YOU!!
Thank you Senator Merkley
Grow up Merkley, #be a man # deal with it. # stop embarrassing yourself and America # whimp
Just thank you. Again & again & again. #heros
Way to go Jeff!! 
Your stunt is embarrassing to Oregonians. Stop your tantrum and get on with being a public servant. He's qualified. Vote yes.
Thank you Sen Merkley!!
I am proud to have @SenJeffMerkley as my Oregon Senator!
What a waste of time & taxpayers dollars!  This is akin to a 2yo temper tantrum.  The result is #gorsuch is nominated. MOVE ON!
Thank you sir.
Thank you , thank you , thank you  . . much love
The philabuster is as important as any majority
Gorsuch is a plagiarist 

Thank you
#resist
Thank you Sir!  Well done.
Thank you Senator for standing against @GOP crisis of patriotism. The American people deserve a say in a SCOTUS appointment, not Putin! 
Thank you
You are absolutely the worst senator in the Senate.  And I know several and that's saying something. A active embarrassment to Oregon
#StopGorsuch
#holdthefloor
This is a LIE!! To stupid to know facts, he refused to stop @ designated stop, then had no where to get fuel, the basis for appeal wrong!
Thank you sir! You are our new hero! #StolenSeat #MerrickGarland #WhyVotingMatters
Won't forget @SenJeffMerkley no matter what happens-Unlike @tedcruz reading Dr. Seuss-Merkley was on topic 15 hrs-He has my loyalty 4 life
Thank you for fighting for "the people".
Thank you for your effort! #Trumprussia
Thank you Senator!
Thanks Senator Merkley for your marathon stand against Gorsuch. bravo!
Thank you!
You are the MAN! Oregon is grateful for men like you.
I do wish I could take the floor... so many many things I have to say!
thank you!!!!
thank you!
Stop now
Hope you liked your flowers! They were well earned, but we will not forget your fundraising campaign either.
YOU LOST!!Get over it!&take page from Biden when said an outgoing lame duck should not be nominating judges. Dems only want their way.Babies
Thank you! Very impressive. How did it feel afterwards and love the bagels and coffee idea.
THANK YOU Senator Merkley! You're inspiring! 
Thank you Senator Jeff Merkel
Thank you for your patriotism and audacity. You inspire Americans from your example.
Thank you!!
Thank you very, very much for speaking all night against Gorsuch. The Repubs are stealing this seat while Trump admin under investigation.
congratulations you are forcing the rules to be changed to stop an imminently qualified judge!  It always backfires on you!
You are a hero.
Thank you, thank you for standing up for our democracy. But 1 request. Please shorten your tie. You're looking too Trumpish in the tie area.
Sen. Merkley, Sen. Durbin thank you for exhaustively standing for US!  MI/others desperately need fine Sen(s) like this!  Impeach Ryan, McC!
You rock!
You are awesome! Thank you for your tremendous efforts.
Thank you from McMinnville OR!
I watched til about 4:30am; nice going!
THANK YOU! You are a HUGE inspiration. Thanks for your passion for our country.
Thank you for your efforts.
Thank YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #StopGorsuch  #holdthefloor
Thank you Senator Merkley for kickin' ass for my state. Keep it going!
Thank you, Senator.
THANK YOU SENATOR!  No words can EXPRESS ALL OF OUR GRATITUDE FOR THE WONDERFUL SACRIFICE YOU GAVE. BLESS YOU SIR!   Rest now
Thank you so much for standing up for the sanctity of USA democracy!
Signed all your petitions - great job!!!!
Thank you for your actions!  You have a lot of support here in Oregon!
Thank you so very much! If there is a silver lining in these trouble times.. we are all getting quite politically educated!
Why?  Save it for the next time.
Thank you!
My Dad taught Me it's a long road that has no curves, please remember this !!
You Sir, are a true Patriot, personified. Thank you for fighting on behalf of us. #StopGorsuch
NOW U like filibusters? HYPOCRITE! Stop behaving like a child & CONFIRM GORSUCH NOW! You are losing more of ur Constituents to GOP! GROW UP!
Thank you, Patriot. Keep fighting. Corruption and treason will NOT stand.
#respect #resist #holdthefloor #dontconfirmgorsuch
Act 2 stage Senate floor.
What a fantastic #StopGorsuch #HoldTheFloor you did! Thank you for your dedication! :) @SenJeffMerkley #Democrats
15 hours! I'm impressed & grateful. I stayed with him until about hour 13 when I fell asleep. But I learned a lot&hope he changed s&minds.
That is great! :) very impressed!
Thank you Senator! and please keep fighting. No scotus until Trump Russian FBI investigation is completed & proof of no treason 

God love you sir. Greatly appreciate your efforts. #resist
huge thank you senator Merkley!!  We appreciate so much your conviction for doing the right thing. Now get some sleep please
Mr. Smith goes to Washington! You ROCK! Thank you from California.
Dumass, thanks for wasting tax payer $ (staff) while you acted like you were someone! You're a joke.
Thank you!! #IndivisibleVA10
Thank you
Thank you from NYC!!!
Thank you, sir
keep the fight, stronger 2gether, embarrassing WhiteH  laughing stock to the world they must be stopped even having majority
Thank-you sir, for tirelessly spotlighting this historically detrimental precedent that McConnell is about to impose!
THANK YOU
THANK YOU!! You are a hero 
My deepest thanks!
: GOD BLESS SENATOR MERKLEY. TRUTH ALWAYS WINS OUT, EVENTUALLY.  :)
Thank you for inspiring us you rock
thank you sir!!!
You are a man who has earned the public's trust. Thank you, sir.
thank you for your stand.
Thank you for standing up for America! You are a true Patriot! #Russiagate is #Treason!
Thank you!
