I want all of you Lying Democrats Charged and Tried for Treason !
.@RonWyden #Sessions must resign. He committed perjury. Period.
Polk County thanks you!  Should he resign?
Have you ever met with a Russian government official during the course of your duties?  We need to know if you're hip deep also.
Lame bit of deflection there. @RonWyden
he needs to be outed- the world is watching and so are we Oregonians!
careful tough guy.
The loudest voices usually have the most to hide.
Your laundry clean?
you must push for resignation!!
please call for Jeff Sessions to resign.
independent bipartisan investigatory panel with public accountability
Yes.  This is very important.
Article 2 Section 4 - This isn't time for just a special counsel, you need to bring charges for impeachment of #JeffSessions
I hope Senator Betsy Pocahontas and Sally Yates lead the prosecution
u have been in Washington  to long time to replace u
hip deep? he is over his head in it.
Indeed, a proper investigation by disinterested parties is super important. Thank you for being active and vocal about this.
Jeff Sessions needs to RESIGN. Stop being so polite. He barely made it into office. America deserves better than a lying racist
To investigate Obama, Holder, Lynch, Hillary and YOU !

You didn't mind Obama having Holder Investigate Erik Holder did you ?
I vote for term limits
Thank you so much for all your hard work protecting the USA God Bless you 
have u met with the russian or any ambassadors? If not u better get to work! #get2work #time2cleanhouse
WHAT ABOUT COVER UP OF OREGONS HEALTHCARE N DAMAGE TO SENORS,DISABLED,METAL ILL FROM MED CUTS ,TREATED LIKE CRIMINALS ON PAROLE
Just a reminder, Bernie Sanders honeymooned in Russia. Special counsel???
Hey Wyden...Explain this..
Russian Ambassador Kislyak Attended Trump Congressional Speech Tuesday – Sat With Democrats...UH OHHH
he should resign and a special commission started on the whole lot
Ah, there is no law for special council, Senator. Was allowed to sunset sir.
Please join @SenJeffMerkley in demanding his resignation
we must push for resignation and a special prosecutor
@SenJeffMerkley So glad I don't have to make calls to MY leaders!  They are not buying all the #Russia speak. Thank you. #persist
@AaronMesh Obama agents seem to have recording of all these conversations.  Lets hear them, Ron. Also you seem to be cool w/that
if he broke the law, Lock him up! Karma
everyone knows that. Don't they know it will come out with media investigations?  There will be more fallout then
he must resign!
Please call for #Sessions resignation. AG perjury is enough.
Thank you Senator Wyden. Does the President need to sign off on the prosecutor? How would we ensure fairness in selection?
That is the problem with Trump & the whole cabinet. The corrupt are leading USA. Russia deals & useless racist ban/wall. #Secrets
Obstructionist! Parroting is not becoming....
.@RonWyden You're party and past president need to look in the mirror.
More Fake News
@SenJeffMerkley Sessions lied under oath and should resign immediately! Special counsel on #russiahacking is not enough.
Thank the universe for Wyden, someone with integrity no matter who is in office.
Please stop taking a conciliatory position on this.  Sessions lied under oath during conf.  He must resign, if not be indicted.
Sessions should resign!!
STOP voting for Trump's appointees! They are ALL corrupt. You have to represent we who elect you. Be like @SenJeffMerkley please!
@SenJohnMcCain @sengraham2016 A special prosecutor is the minimum. No trust in honesty of administration. #TrumpRussia Protect USA
When did you meet with Russian representative? Did Harry Reid Meet them With you? Was Sen Schumer in meeting?
#Schumer Has selective memory. Must be dementia
You're looking desperate Ron, and you wonder why you have zero credibility?
someone who thinks they can defend perjury has no right to even use the word credibility
where were you when Loretta Lynch did recuse herself??
Suddenly, after 8 years of scandals, lies, and coverups, Wyden is interested in investigations over nothing. How convenient.
I know a fair number of people still convinced Alger Hiss was innocent.  70 years after the fact, its kind of cute.
Agree. What action is being taken? Burr is in a similar position as well.
In the meantime, please call for his resignation. The AG perjuring himself before a Senate committee. No brainer. #Sessions
recusal would mean a subordinate potentially investigating their boss. Unresolvable conflict without independent counsel.
what is Patrick J. Fitzgerald up to these days?
get rid of all of them!
he should resign.he lied under oath.
