Don't think so but the leaks are treasonous at Benedict Arnold level
This is beyond Watergate!
BULLSHIT
Fake tapper!
This gets a double tweet?  Its said one can tell a reporter's bias by what he does not report. Dem comment does not =facts of stmt content.
Is ABC Pravda or Tass?
Riiiiiight
Fake news
Russian bot.
Que chiste
Give me a break! He is a drama queen!
Today we learned that @POTUS was not and is not under investigation no trump Russia collusion
Jake, Jake, Jake.  After today's statement from Comey, how can you feel comfortable in tweeting this?  Makes you look silly.  #TheLead
He was NOT under investigation..Comey has now admitted he told Trump that 3 times
Please read & RT if you agree!  Today both Clapper and Ron Wyden said this is bigger than Watergate. Each from their expert perspective
Tell Senator Wyden to produce some evidence before he foolishly opens his mouth. Maybe he knows more than FBI.
Jake it's over.."can't you let this go" is a big dud
--->
Seems to me key headline from today is Comey confirming Trump is not under investigation.  Isn't that what collusion w Russia was all about?
That isn't quite accurate. But you go ahead and pick up a half a sentence that makes you feel good.
Tell it to Ari  ...
Pretty much know u r full of crap at this point
Ron who?
There is no Russia collusion.  Hillary lost on her own.  Stop lying.  Just stop.
#FakenewsCNN hahahaha
Bull***t to the whole Russian thing. HRC did more collusion than anyone. Jake takes talking points from the DNC.....
Wyden is a weasel bc he tries to distract from the REAL WaterGateX1000 scandal that'll hit the fan sooner or later: #obamaGate #obamaSpyRing
Oh and Comey will say he never told trump he wasn't under investigation.
More propaganda and fake news from CNN.
Way BIGGER THEN WATERGATE
You guys need a new conspiracy theory.
or according to Clapper, worse than Watergate.
it's worse, It would be same if Nixon had Russians break into DNC headquarters, at least Nixon used Americans, Trump had Russia hack DNC
Nixon knew Russia was an enemy. Trump doesnt believe it. 
Nixon >Trump
Remember the #FakeNews posted by Jake Tapper!
Or not....based on your "sources" track record, I am guessing....not
seems silly after reading his statement; silly to say it; silly to post it
where's your reporting on the fast&furious incident?New docs show Obama, ag,etc all lied!! How come that's not on CNN
What happened to your count down clock?
Beyond Watergate level. Much more transparency with Nixon, oddly. Check .@NixonLibrary for history of that process.
Lots of dummies in the planet. He clearly did not hear a word was said today
 Jake hold on to your stock holds.they will go down in flames,otherwise not even yourself would believe this one.Follow the $ soon over
When you cite a quote from a Senator it means his position has merit i.e. It is the same as saying CNN has determined... Preposterous
Im enjoying watching the slow unraveling of the fake narrative the MSM has created.  U backed yourselves in a corner.
Hillary lost.  Get over it.  Eat some cake and oodles and noodles.  Wear sunscreen
Any partisan hack can say something negative about Trump and you all will report it. This one is just silly

#FakeNews
Look at @RonWyden pinned tweet and tell me why this partisan hack gets his "opinion" tweeted by @jaketapper #TheLead
Jake you even know that is BS
Really, where's the proof?
Just bc he wants it too be, doesn't make it so.
Why didn't you put Trump hater? Like with your other tweet. Why didn't you use the " Trump supporters" twitter handle?
Its beyond bad Watergate and the arrogance and stupidity only enhance the criminal actions of this administration #Resist #ImpeachandIndict
How do these biased people get elected. Cause they"re biased.
the interesting fact is this is not news to #fakeconservatives @ananavarro @IngrahamAngle @SarahPalinUSA
"Almost" i.e. If I say it enough on @CNN someone might believe it. 
It's been stated by both Comey & McCabe that Russia investigation went on full steam & still is. Where's the interference again? #Ridiculous
Your attempt to radicalize lefties with this Trump / Russia BS had almost reached stupid proportions.
Hey get Reza to provide an unbiased view HAHAHA
Keep grabbing at straws.  It's his word against Comey and if true why didn't Comey report it.
no matter how many times you invoke "Watergate", we ain't buyin' it Jake
Nixon interfered with investigation about himself... Trump was not under investigation#hugedistinction
How much do you get paid to brainwash the left? It's media like you that is causing so much hate in the US. Liar!! You are evil
Lots of $!!!
Almost IF Almost IF Maybe IF Possibly IF Nothing burgers tomorrow at DC bars don't be late IF you want a seat its Almost ready to start @CNN
interesting when 4 heads of intelligence today said they didn't witness or hear if or have anyone ever ask them to interfere #fakenews
Aparently u dont k nething abt watergate. Or u r completely aware u r spreading "fake news". Th story of th demise of ur kind writes itself
jake, everyday you day you vomit, then you eat your own vomit, then you vomit the same vomit you ate. its nonstop and its so gross.

Liberal lunacy
Jake the bags under your eyes are now being covered by the sweat. Get out while you can.  We will forgive you. You have a chance. Take it.
Seriously? In Watergate, people were charged, in this "Witchhunt" ain't one single person been charge, so let's save the "Watergate level".
Whaaat? Is Tapper a real person?
This is complete nonsense, a total non comparison. This is a irresponsible tweet
wyden is a tool. vote him out
Would he sthay it's worse than  the House Un-American Activities Committee?
Did he read Comey's statement\? Apparently not.  It's in black and white. NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION!!
Love you and your show!! You and all your colleagues get to the bottom of all the B.S. and you don't let "him" get away with all of the lies

Great day for the President in more ways than one. You can't report that, but it's true.
Was that a joke?
Hahahahahahaha. And you reported this with a straight face?? 

Silly Jake You've lost your *{^%£!~ mind.
Take a deep breath
Agh, bullshit*t
@jaketapper you're such a joke.
From the Senator of Oregon that gave Americans the disaster known as Obamacare..Destroyed many families over the years
Ok if it is push for impeachment why are democrats sitting on the sidelines if you think is act now
the shit that comes out of your mouth really stinks.
ALMOST?! It's outrageously worse.

With Teapot Dome overtones.
I call bullshit
I call treason.
Only similarity is the leaks. Love watching lefties run around with their wet, soggy diapers today. Nothing burgers!
Come on Fake Jake your better than this!
Come on you know that's not true! Watergate was a criminal act and coverup this is nothing the sort unlike Obama & Clinton coverup Benghazi
Almost???
#FakeNews #NoEvidence
SenatorWyden is a Creation Level beacon. Echo pins for Watergate have shown up on the grid file for months now. (This one is worse) trust me
Only someone totally ignorant about Watergate would say this.
4 investigations and the Dems are standing around with their thumbs up their ass.
Ron Wyden must be an idiot.
Obamas IRS scandal way worse than #watergate. But where was MSM? Crickets. Live with your choices.
'Almost Watergate'! This looks like treason.
Almost? You spelled "far worse than" wrong.
"Almost" Jesus. Quit pussy-footing it's past it now.
@realDonaldTrump Lock  him up
Only in your dreams snowflake
This is nonsense. Do you guys never tire of it?
The watergate level in Russia is indeed high, expounding the necessity of the battlement of climate change worldwide. #Amen
We need to rid America of the impotent, incompetent assclown @realDonaldTrump, his scum #Trump spawn, & his crooked #TrumpCrimeFamily NOW!
Wake up Jake.....this is all nonsense, and waste of taxpayer dollars.  The titanic is sinking & u guys r focusing on rearranging deck chairs
Almost....??!!!
Almost? He fired Comey after Comey would not let Flynn matter go. He fired Yates after she warned about Flynn.
 Wyden got his ass kicked!!
This exceeds watergate. Nixon did not work for Russia and has tapes of him with hookers.
You know that has been disproven.  It was a joke on 4chan that grew and was then offered to see if anyone would bite.
Do you agree?
Utter nonsense
But still no facts aye Jake?
It is way past Watergate level.  The GOP would be holding impeachment hearings now if it was a democrat.
If it were a democrat they'd already be out of office, probably be made to wear a scarlet R for life.
Jake ! Jake ! What are you talking about there has not been one schred  of evidence that supports your claim ! Sad !
Laughable
Key word "almost", no one ever takes it to the end. So many Dems have said they haven't seen evidence of collusion or a smoking gun
jake the fake, does @cnn have any plans to apologize to the public for this demeaning charade? your viewers deserve it
Almost, but not quite subtle enough
Almost? I'd say way beyond Watergate Level 
Seems like breaking a Watergate blockbuster is the Holy Grail for political reporters. Just concentrate on good reporting.
He said Flynn's a good guy.. Comey agreed.  Yeah.  It's not.
Watergate level is erasing tapes to be used as evidence? Which part of what Trump did is almost like that?
I believe it's the obstruction-of-justice part.
Watergate was about more than erasing tapes.
You should read up on it. Fascinating.
I'm looking at the Nixon articles of impeachment and I'm wondering what Wyden is talking about as being "almost Watergate level."
Again, that would be obstruction of justice. Trump asked Comey to stop investigating  him. Nixon wanted the FBI to stop investigating him.
...sorry, I meant Trump wanted Comey to stop investigating *Flynn*.
Espionage, obstruction of justice, possible prostitution... yep. Sounds about right.
*no evidence
