Please link us to your derogatory comments when Obama cracked down on leaks (2010). Thank you.
That 1 leak could have killed a SS agent and was highly classified.  45 begging Mexico to pay for the wall differs enormously.
He is cracking down on such leaks. Not sure how "the wall" came into this conversation.
Obama cracked down onthe leak that threatened an agents life.  45 is cracking down on leaks that show his incompetence.
Felony leaking of classified information is not a free speech issue. It is a Criminal issue. Socialism Sucks
Sessions isn't talking about classified information.
Yes, Yes he is. Any conversation by Trump with another nations leader is classified. Highly classified.  Treasonous Type of Leak.
"Classified" is a specific distinction given to a document. Are you claiming that the transcripts of Trump's calls were marked "classified"?
Yes.
Have a citation or any evidence?
You do understand a Presidents phone conversations with another nations leader is automatically private. The presidents only to disclose.
Cite your sources.
Hypocrite much? Shameless Senator Wyden co-sponsors bill that directly attacks freedom of speech #BDS? Hell yes
Just fire everyone working in the Whitehouse before trump took office
Trump quiet on Sessions this week. ? due to telling Trump he'd fink the leaker(s).
So, is Jared Kushner going to jail then?
I agree. The only time it is ok to "crack down" on. A leak is if they leak CLASSIFED info... Which means the POTUS should be 1st in line.
Why do stories like this always make me think of 1930s Germany and 1950 Joe McCarthy.  Thank you for keeping us informed, Senator @RonWyden
So is your support for the anti-BDS bill.
One mans whistle blower is another mans leaker. It's all perspective. It took a leaker to bring Richard Nixon down. Leakers are patriots.
President John Adams jailed journalists who published critical articles. Sessions and Trump would like to do the same.
Yes, and it happens in countries that are taken over by dictators, America wake up before it's too late
Ron you are without a doubt no in touch with the average American. We voted and we do understand what obstructionist are. You
Try leakers for treason
He's lucky to have a job!
Stopping the leakers inside the whitehouse has NOTHING to do with "Freedom of Speech", unless you equate Sedition with Freedoms, somehow.
Not true!
John McCain.  Treason
I guess the Statue of Liberty is the law also.   Give me a break half of Washington should be tried for treason
Can't help but think of the shit storm  if Hillary had been allowed to become POTUS & did a fraction of the unethical things of Trump
Are you kidding me??
Sessions can find leakers in the dossier video, eh? Go look for them there little Jeffey. Run along now.
Leaking classified information illegally is not protected free speech.

Resign.
Really, dangerous, it is dangerous when the presidents phone calls get leaked & u said nothing when Obama spied & locked up journalists
Agree. Saw that clip this morning and chills ran down my spine.
.@LeftyPickit 
How about a crackdown on Trump's frigging lying!!! Can you work on that Sessions or have you recused yourself from that too!!
Funny how last time around it was "we will be more transparent" trump comes in and it all changes "eff you and your transparency"
Shut up @RonWyden The MSM has become so unethical and refuses to report anything unless negative to @POTUS. We need to remove you from OR
Can't wait til we investigate you @RonWyden ron.. oh, the one that yell the loudest is usually the guilty ones..
3/3 Interesting #POTUS calls it Fake News #Sessions calls it Leaks. This WH & it's Admin can't get a story straight they have no 1 yr plan.
Leaks are how we are actually getting info that isn't meant for us to know. #iloveleaks
Herr Chump told him to get on all the press,so he can sleep at nite!
Hypocrite
You know full well Sen Wyden that if this happened to a Dem. President you would be in full support.  Your motto "divide and destroy".
When he will crackdown on WH lies? @jeffsessions
You call leaks speech? OMG!!! You are a traitor to my country! Ron Wyden this is illegal!!! Recall you jerk!!!!
No it is actally for the safety of America. I am so surprised you didn't know this Wyden. Oh wait you are trying to scare the citizens again
take a breath and breathe before you blow a gasket and have a stroke way to round up on Trump's crap so just breathe you going to be fine
Are you freaking crazy????? Never mind don't answer that your tweet answered it for you
You go Ron!
Agreed.  But wasn't the Obama administration very aggressive toward whistleblowers?
Fortunately, being a liar is trending. No worries~right Jeff?
Not if they're leaking classified or sensitive info. Let's drop the partisan BS and what's right for the country
Nothing classified has leaked, just embarrassing lunacy.
The crook points the finger #StopThePunk
We agree.  This admin is attacking all of the fundamental aspects of our vibrant democracy - elections, immigrants, and the media.
Please Poly Graph all stafferworks + Congress  ,Senators and Governors don't leave any stone unturned .
How about a crackdown on lying? Seems thats the real problem wouldnt you say? No lies, no leaks!
Your respoce shows that u have lost sight of protecting the people, which is what your supposed to fo do.
You would rather have  a leader that sells uranium to our enemy, our military secrets, anything she can for money. Major on the minors.
Get a grip! Quit believing propaganda. I'm sure somebody smart will explain it to you if you ask.
Wow
Dangerous is publishing leaked classified information. Plus it's illegal.
Prosecute the leakers to the max!  They hurt our leaders' ability to make sound decisions.
@AGJeffBSessions  so leaking was ok when it is happening to a democrat but not trump. something fishy there. #Resistance
This is probably the stupidest remark you have made & threatens our national security! 
The truth matters and needs to be fully disclosed in big government. The whole anti leaking campaign is misguided. Boo Sessions. Boo Trump!
Yes, this is...so is your attempt to end free speech!!!
The recent leaks are funny as hell.
But YOU and your boss are trying to sell out our country to Russ!!!
He doesn't want Donald Trump to fire him obviously!
Trump and Sessions are afraid of the truth getting out. The truth that they are trampling on all norms, decorum and the constitution.
Why doesn't Sessions start by indicting a known source who's admitted he leaked info which could cost lives.  His name is Donald Trump
Is it really a "leak" if reporters are double-checking the bald-faced lies being told from the official government podium?
Sessions and Trump made a devil's pact: Sessions gets to gut affirmative action in exchange for launching a campaign to silence leaks.
Why? It's the only way we get the actual truth.
Aha so you support leaking of classified information.
No it's not you hypocrite. If we knew what you democrats were doing behind our backs. Problem would be solved by now
What we have here is the most racist bigot in the Administration going after our Free Press! Guess who's going to win? Not him!
Look at the fear in his eyes.
lol....follow me let chat
How so?
You Ronnie are a threat to national security with that logic!
No it's dangerous to betray your own country and President to cater to your own wallet!
Exactly what we knew Dump's puppy would do.
The media needs ot be held to the same laws as the average citizen. The only ones a danger to free speech are libs.
@DHStokyo @HuffPostPol please have this issue addressed 
Where were all you clowns when Obama was silencing whistle blowers?
Disagree!!!! This is a threat to our country and Democracy.  You should worry about what Debbie's IT guy sold to other countries.
Peculiar for Sessions to say “This nation must end this culture of leaks,”  while DJT bones for Wikileaks & 33,000 emails - #snark
I am horrified!
Once again you are wrong!
You lied under oath yourself why can't something be done with this situation
I don't believe AG Sessions ever saw a civil right with which he agreed.
Even if their last name is Trump?
Totally.
dear... follow me let chat
Gee, Jeffie, why not? You have a security clearance and you sold your soul.
"Threat to stifle speech"? Kinda like anti-BDS bill you co-sponsor? https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/170/cosponsors?q=%7B%22cosponsor-state%22%3A%22Oregon%22%7D …
Finally someone else sees this man has tooo much power and nobody to rein him in
Not at all shut down fake news media
I see swastikas in his eyes and a KKK Tattoo on his arm. I hope they do a DNA on him only to discover he is 36% African
The Racist Pig feels embolden now that far right and congress stopped him from being axed.
Also, don't you find this hypocritical, since Sessions lied during his appointment hearing regarding Russia? His motives to quiet the press?
Amen!
What's "dangerous" is YOU on the Senate Intelligence Committee.  What have YOU leaked?
Oh..Beauregard... hopefully his days are as numbered as the rest of this shitshow of an administration. They're antics are growing tiresome
Thank you Senator Wyden for taking a leadership stance on this issue
Agree.
What are they so threatened by? If they aren't guilty, bad. what do they fear?
@jeffsessions Do you remember this? If not, you need to Re-read and study so even your simple mind will understand what it means to the USA!

What happened to the freedom of speech
It only applies to liberals.
That's absolutely what it is Senator, and we need to speak back NOW!
This treasonous perjured little man should not be in the position to tell anyone anything.
You had me at "This is a dangerous threat "
I finally figured it out he looks like a giddy ostrich! I can't stand this constipated old man!
Please check this before it goes further!  No tolerance!
But if you look at his statement deeply, that is kind of what Robert Mueller is doing. Lol.  ps: Good and honest media=Democracy.
I just volunteered to be arrested if I can get press credentials
FREEDOM OF SPEECH is a very tough thing to be messing with........
@jeffsessions has perjured himself how many times?  How can he be top cop?
No, we'll just allow trump & friends to sell us out in full view of the world 
D-Day would NOT be possible today.  Someone out to get Eisenhower would think himself a "hero" to leak, and Hitler would consume the world.
Sing from the rafters Senator this administration is slowly eroding democracy
psssst, I think he must mean @realDonaldTrump - last time I checked, he was the one sharing secrets with our enemies. Oh and dummy-son.
Oh, you lie like the rest of the Demoncrats.
That was so witty.
Maybe standing in the way of his firing is not such a good idea after all #ProtectMueller #FireSessions
In the era of Trump leaks about how much Trump is lying to the American should not be against the law.  These leakers are #Patriots 
One step closer to fascism, is AG simply Trump's personal lawyer
"Jeffery Sessions You're a Clown" wasn't that a famous song by The Coasters? The music video has Roberts, CJ wagging his finger at Sessions.
Please get a stop on this!! Trump and co MUST go!!!
Then do something to defend the first amendment. A free and unfettered press is absolutely necessary for liberty to survive.
How sure is he that at least one of those phone convos was leaked from the US??
That man is totally beleaguered.
Unconstitutional.  Then again why is he AG when he's already lied under oath?
tik tok along the authoritarians clock.
Glad to see @jeffsessions and @realDonaldTrump getting on the same page. Let's get this dictatorship started!
STIFLE SPEECH?!? How about respect national security.  God you are such a Marxist.
Why isn't he up on perjury charges?  He lied under oath!
