You should know since you're a LAWYER! #Hypocrite you'd have one protecting your ass too if you were subject of #witchunt like #Trumps admin
Before Kushner testifies in an open session let's have Susan Rice do so as well!
I believe she already testified - last week? Not in public though.
That's the point! Just like Kushner testified(not in open session) Wyden thinks he should have!Rice shld have too
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #Traitorous1stFamily #GOPPAIDOFF #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #Scruples4Rubles
So he is not presumed innocent until proven guilty. Novel concept. But it's does not stand up to legal review. It's just smear tactics.
Ron wyden is a hateful vindictive jealous jackass
And please keep him from ever speaking from WH...
Such a liar. Little PR stunt is all that was.
Bingo.
Donald Jr. "we sought data from Russia but they didn't have any."

Kushner "we asked 4 a backchannel 2 Russia but Russia didn't have 1."
Ahem...
Guardian says it found ties involving alleged Russian money laundering, real estate deals, members of Trump's circle https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jul/24/jared-kushner-new-york-russia-money-laundering …
NOTHING they do will EVER satisfy you, will it Ron?!?
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @jaredkushner 
#MAGA
Will you focus your energy on legislation and working WITH our President? PLEASE    A P-O'ed voter in YOUR state.!!
Stop wasting taxpayers$$ on this cr*p! If you want to charge someone, go to HRC + Podesta emails(oh you can't cause they destroyed them)
One thing is for certain, you are good at hypocrisy
He's first after @AmbassadorRice
I am Jared Kushner. I am naive. I am the tsar of everything. I am a robot.
U shud testify - ass
The Art of the Lie!
Hypocritical Dems crying about transparency after their candidate deleted 30,000 emails is laughable.
So you can play for the camera?
Hypocritical Dems demanding transparency after DNC refused FBI access to their server after claiming a Russian hack is ludicrous.
Ya'll are wasting time & plenty of money as usual! Go learn to play the banjo. We're making America great again. Drain the D.C. Swamp!
I can't wait for @POTUS to come up with a nickname for you. You're more ridiculous than your house counterpart Sleazy @RepAdamSchiff
Keep up the good work. Your doing a great job destroying your credibility. I left the party over malfeasance. your actions are shameful
It won't happen. It needs to, but it won't
a least make him lie under oath
Kushner pretending to be naive and innocent is like The Godfather pretending to be Santa Claus.
F.U. Wyden,  Let's see former AG Lynch & Susan Rice testify in open sessions. ..we the people know what the real crime has been; #BogusSetUp
You expected something different? surprised he didn't open with a lie, saying there was no meeting,so he'd be following typical WH protocol
What have you done since being elected back in. Not a dam thing except complain about a lawfully elected President.
3 agency hand picked intel members + NSC reviewed Crowd Strick assessment. Then Hillary said it was 17 agencies&Your still covering for her
Lawyer prepared statement.
Reads legal eaze of attorney speech.
Probably one if his 83 attorneys wrote.
For what, just like this bogus Russia collusion/hack. The hacking evidence/assesment was from DNC contractor Crowd Struck. NOTHING BURGER
If you have evidence of a law being broke lets see it if not SHUT up and MOVE ON America is tired of the CRAP from all of you in GOV!!
Damn right!
That is what you all pay big money to do but unlike you he paid for his own Lawyer!
Why on Earth would U protect #Mueller in any way, shape or form? Allowing genocide, torture & mass-murder of good Americans? Tsunami alert..
And under oath!!
You had an opportunity to question him today. Public testimony is for your political grandstanding. You lose all credibility pulling stunts.
Doesn't just "sound" like it.....
Just saw your creepy sound bite. To be believable swamp Ron you have to quit hiding the real criminals RICE PUBLIC HEARINGS LYNCH PUBLIC. 
Sounds LAWYERLY?? Are YOU f**KING joking?? WHAT did Rice's & Lynch's statements sound like? YOU are WORSE than PATHETIC...and THAT is scary.
You are wasting taxpayer $. Go to work on REAL PROBLEMS now and stop fabricating stories to give you press coverage.
written comments abt the sequence of events don't jive either. Dig deep and wide!
All this Kushner news and no comments or questions regarding his role in the Comey one on one loyalty meeting and subsequent firing?
Kushner surely discussed FBI investigation w Trump multiple times prior to Comey firing. No comment or ?s. Kush lawyers owned @ChuckGrassley
Mueller fodder
Senator, lying before Congress & providing false or deliberately misleading testimony is already a crime. Demand he be charged.
In the interest of truth & transparency, request public testimony from: Rice, Jarrett , Powers, Lynch, H. Clinton, Obama, Brennan, & Clapper

Under oath...
Their idea of transparency is about as transparent as the swamp they talk about.
Clearly he the statement was prepared by attorneys and he was prepped to testify.
Under oath or it doesn't count
Are you working for Oregon or the Democratic party.  I would bet most Americans don't know what state you are supposed to be representing.
A GOOD PERSON WOULD I.N.S.I.S.T. ON BEING UNDER OATH IN PERSON.
Didn't he read the subject line to that email from DT,Jr..?
to cover up less-appealing, bad pr, negative news about them. thats why a big part of your party was missing in 16 and will be in 18 and 20
what does this mean, how does it relate? there are a lot of ostracized people in dem party right now, that because of a need to cover up
you are of favorite congresspeople since 2002, since i was 16,17. You're a strong, true liberal, so be one, 48-49% like Bernie's vision more
We have heard every lie and obfuscation. Now the American people deserve to hear the truth. OPEN and UNDER OATH w/ Kush, Jr, Mana.
It is unbelievable that nobody would contradict them when everybody knows it is lies. it is not the integrity having example democracy needs
How would you do Ron? Just curious if you have any skeletons
i say the entire divide between the democrats right now is based around recalling it, and covering for a few rotten apples bad behavior
i call it dallying, i call it trifling, i call it attempting to keep people from discovering the uncovered hidden scandals of 16 election
Pandering? do you really believe russia wanted trump, who threatened china with export tax? export tax, immigrant rhetoric both nothing?
He was talking about not relying on US banks for funding.
Were the statements attributed to junior that they received a "disproportionate amount of funding from Russia" not true?
You have zero validity senator...even less than franken
What's this he's saying he's before a house committee tomorrow?
kushers & trumps waste of time our money we don't have. GOP's are obviously compromised & sld step up & take the bullet already!
Well crafted lawyer statement indeed
he has been taught 2 lie by master lier trump.wont tell truth till he knows jail time is near.then deal time only then.
I want to know about the voter suppression campaign Kushner was running. The only way they could win was by convincing people not to vote??
Open Session! Under Oath!
He needs to be interrogated under oath. They act like they are a royal crime family. This is not Democracy.
Yes, let's bring intelligence committee stuff out into the open. Where do you keep your private server, sir??
#srembarrassmentfromoregon
You left out Kushner needs to hand over his first born off-spring.
Uh, that takes character, integrity, and honor. So don't wouldn't expect it to happen.
