Repealing Federal funding for Planned Parenthood actually saves the lives of unborn born babies that would otherwise be murdered.
Federal $ are not used to provide the service at the center of the political debate around Planned Parenthood: abortions
Planned Parenthood commits brutal murders on unborn babies, and that organization needs to be defunded and shutdown post-haste.
Thank you for mansplaining how PP health care services work. When you become the proprietor of a uterus, then we'll chat.
Murder is murder regardless of race, religion, or gender, period. Everyone needs to be the voice of the unborn children and stop PP.
I stand w/ women whose sole decision it is to make the decision thanks to Roe v. Wade. Therefore, your opinion is invalid.
Roe v. Wade will be reversed soon. A woman can do what she wants with her body, but has no right to have her unborn child murdered.
She can do what she wants with her body... except manage it. Makes sense. Gotcha.
Texas, most christian state, has highest MATERNAL mortality rates in the developed world because of clinic closings.
Hard to tell what's so Christian about withholding medical care from mothers.
What medical care does Planned Parenthood provide? There's 89 Women's Care Clinics for every PP in US
abortions make up 94% of PP operations
the actual number based on facts is 3%.
it is not.
I know you may have trouble reading, but it says 94% of preg related services
Doesn't include bc, cancer screening, and reproductive planning
Hey Senator, can you show me where in the Constitution it says that the Federal govt is supposed to be funding PP?
oh, I thought ObamaCare took care of that.
yeah Christian. Why does it same where in the Bible I need to give my money to Planned Parenthood?
Republicans have the best healthcare available. What do they know about the #ACA? #acaworks #RepealAndRun
They also have ACA. Some get a 10k subsidy (above salary) for it.
PP is an abortion clinic. Stop relying on PP and start using your brain when it comes to pregnancy and avoiding it.
Maybe Speaker Ryan being illinformed(believer of lies)and noninformative(teller of lies) will wake i. Hell as Poor teen w ovarianC
So, I lost my great plan and my Dr and now have to pay for abortions of kids I didn't create. #RepealNoReplace
planned parenthood should be privately funded like st. Judes, Shriners, etc.
Flush Planned Parenthood down the toilet. Women can go to regular docs like everyone else. Crazy sh*T #lifeBeginsAtHeartbeat
PP helps low income women&men who need  facility for med. care. Why did so many vote against their own best interests?
How bout a democrat tax to fund it! All Democrats Moral less to fund Planned Parenthood!
@rcalcaterra @washingtonpost abortion is child abuse.
tell that to insurance companies that don't know what to plan for so will build uncertainty into all of our rates
And will charge more for women.
criminal and corrupt acts, cutting up and selling baby body parts! Taxpayers should not have to fund entities.DNC
evangelicals on the right see women as nothing more than baby factories
Hence, women are "no one" to ACA repealers. How many ways on a given day does the GOP remind us? @RonWyden
Really? What a strange alternate universe you live in.
@SpeakerRyan please don't defund Planned Parenthood.  It is crucial to the health of millions of women.  Stop politicizing health.
Woman in control of their bodies, like keeping your legs crossed. Dont depend on tax payers to pay for killing you baby
Your judgements of women shouldn't dictate pub health policy- u lost moral authority w your adulterous pres choice
PP's annual revenue is $1.3 billion. Only $530 million in fed funding. Woman keep their choices. Get Private donations
I understand-I just believe people have right to health care despite employment status. But agree to disagree...
A repeal of the ACA would be devastating.
Try telling it to the murdered children.
While we others pay dearly for this through our tax dollars and a ridiculously expensive plan; Obamacare.
Republicans send the message that healthcare, breast cancer screening, and avoidance of STDs don't matter to them.
If Paul Ryan and the Congress do that, they can say goodbye to their jobs in 2018.
Or tell that to millions of babies being killed thanks to abortion.
people need to contact legislatures and stay involved
#StandwithPP Ryan's phone is busy (off the hook?); Mitch McConnell's phone not answering. All nominees must be vetted.
they mean it hurts none of them or their wives or daughters or mistresses...
Wrong! There are other options for women's health & you know it! #stopkilling #defundPP
@SpeakerRyan   THANK YOU Senator Wyden! I called the Speaker's office Friday and after 22 min of patriotic music,sent an email.
Millions of women who use #PP?      Is that per year Ron? #ronwyden Where is your source? Sloppy tweet #PP
No #taxpayermoney for #abortion! Use birth control not my money!
rely on PP for 'health care'? Don't you mean abortion? Better to pay cash for the service; ACA = v.high deductibles! #abortion
Weak men trying to control women. This is so wrong.
@lasfca @washingtonpost Republicans flat out lie. They are against hard working Americans. Against the truth of the constitution
Not to menion the millions of #Republicans who depend on #pp
They forgot to add the clause "that we care about".
thank you keep fighting!
Who is "Eddie Haskell" Ryan trying to con? The American people see what he's doing.
Keep your legs closed. We have millions of dollars for planned parenthood and how much is the student debt?
As women WE need Planned Parenthood! Abortion is NOT the Main Operation of Planned Parenthood. They provide Healthcare 4 ALL Women
It hurts me and my family who may lose our health insurance. I am not no one. Neither are those served by Planned Parenthood.
.@RonWyden @PPact defunded itself. Why should taxpayers pay for lifestyle choices? Most abortions aren't health issues. Lifestyle.
go speak to women in Texas that fucked up red state
"no one who matters, that is" is perhaps a more accurate, if less forgiving, reading.
@0n_the_house @washingtonpost
bull crap DONTdareSpeak4females PP isUNECmiddleman Gyno/primDR canDOall WEdoNOTneedPsychoBodypartSELLERSucampoPharm #trump
Planned Parenthood gets private funding too-Dont need to suck money from our tax paying dollars-Will get plenty of private funds
Come on #Republicans hurry up & repeal #Obamacare , poor people need to be sent to Collections for no insurance 
@PPact @washingtonpost what give a woman the right to murder a baby??? Sick
republican's lie
a whole lot of funding needs to be lost. You can't run your personal bank account like you try to run the country
apparently half the country is no one...
Translation:  Women who want abortions.
@PPact @washingtonpost you mean to tell me they didn't raise enough capital from harvesting all those dead fetuses?
@PPact @washingtonpost No one is taking away PP. U just need to be an accountable adult &pay 4 services you need.Not the taxpayer.
When asked "won't chronic care patients die?", Ryan stated, "Then they had better do it, and decrease the surplus population."
Thank you Ron. Good to see my Senator fighting for us. #oregon #IStandWithPP
@AlamoOnTheRise @mikedebonis proud Oregonian!!  Thank you Real n Wyden!!!!!!!!!! N
Hey Ryan, ya got nothin' better ya do??? REALLY?? You @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr McConnell, & Republicans Suck!
How would these men KNOW??? Do they know anything about women, the poor, their needs, how babies are born?
yes Ron we'll tell that to babies that will be saved from a horrible death then having their tiny baby parts sold for profit
You sir, have no right to speak when the beneficiary of your words has paid you  $9,535
you should not be relying on the federal government.
@mikedebonis federal govt gives PP 600 mill a year.  Hollywood stars will step up and donate money. Or Zuckerberg 
@Colodemvoter @washingtonpost can someone please call for mental competency hearings for Trump? He's getting worse.
Ryan's number: (608) 752-4050.
Please call and Advocate 
#IStandwithPP
For what?
So long @PPact! #istandwithlife
But I thought #Obamacare is so good! They can go to any other clinic or private doctor, if PP can't last without federal $$, no?
Oh they meant what they said. It hurts no one bc it only hurts women & not rly the rich white ones, so no one important to GOP #IStandWithPP
I'm confused, wasn't the ACA supposed to cover everyone who couldn't afford healthcare AND give them free birth control?
@kimberlyhow4135 59 million would be adversely affected by ACA repeal. #CareNotChaos
I don't want want my taxes paying for PP
Maybe consider funding clinics for women that actually do cancer screening and provide mammograms NOT referrals.
Tell this to the 300,000 + babies dead at their hands every year.  Oh, that's right, you can't!
nothing. 2 choices, Pro choice can fund it theirselves or PP can stop performing abortions & get funding
If only women can have an opinion about abortion, then let women fund PP. I don't want my taxes going to something I can't discuss
You're happy about this. That way you can cry to your perverted constituency in their safe rooms.
The loss of jobs in the healthcare sector will be devastating. A recession is a certainty. Then millions of UI claims. @lovinabox
Except they don't have 2 rely on Planned Murderhood 4 healthcare. Murdering babies is NOT healthcare! #defundPP! #PROLIFE!

I've that awesome Obamacare they rant and rave about!
@emnercessiann @mikedebonis All the people who have the Medicaid part of ACA, where so many children and adults without Medicare.
If you like PP so much you and your friend can privately fund them what right This this private company have to my tax dollars!?
Actually hurts the Democrats they donate to which is the real problem.
dis my senator 
we have the affordable Care act
So many who can't afford healthcare would be lost without PP. For those who say they only offer abortions, you are misinformed.
@MikeOkuda let's remove tax exemptions for religion. We should let them get a "free ride" http://churchesandtaxes.procon.org 
planned Parenthood will survive without government funding. They've stated that they could in the past
@stockguy61 @washingtonpost Now we know ryan really doesn't like women.
Never believed in Satan until now. GOP is #contemptible, #hateful, #diabolical, #hypocritical.
I  agree. It's a crime!
pp is not needed. A woman can see any gyno for much better care than pp can give her.
How does it feel Liberals knowing the Republicans are going to abort Obamacare and "Planned Parenthood" #AbortObamacare
Please keep fighting for Planned Parenthood! So many people need them, but Republicans don't seem to care. #StandWithPP
They'll just have to raise their own money.  Americans who don't believe in ABORTION do not want a cent going to PP.
ok so I don't believe in your religion why should I have to support them while they don't pay taxes.
Is there a PP type group that advances & protects men's health & rights?
#FuckEm (oops...obviously somebody already did...)
Issue wire coat hangers...that'll solve BOTH problems.
@repgregwalden you surely can't be on board with this. This doesn't represent the ideals of the people of Oregon.
Trying to appeal Obamacare and defund Planned Parenthood.  These are the assholes you voted for people.  Get them out!
to them, we are "no one". That's clear through policies, statements, and actions.

Planned Parenthood did just fine before ObamaCare and will survive without Fed funding. Just like it did back in the 70's
@PPact @washingtonpost
This company @PPact #IStandWithPP Needs to be defunded and investigated for selling baby parts. 
@PPact @washingtonpost It is your fault if u get pregnant when you shouldn't be. Deal with it.
no need for PP. Its real easy- stop having unprotected sex  and no more STDs and no unplanned pregnancy! -->
why should taxpayers pay for lazy, irresponsible women to continue being lazy and irresponsible!
Considering the unsexy administration stepping up, 
birth rates will surely plunge
FASCISM follows bad education 
Crowd Control?
Conservative people who identify as such are actually the biggest contributors to abortion they abort more than non conservatives.
Men use P.P. 2 -4 blood tests 2 diagnose HSV 1&2, HIV, Hepatitis C. Tests rarely covered by ins. R very exp. but affordable @ P.P.
@GOP What Republicans mean is women don't matter. I hate them.

Perhaps a GoFund me can be started for PP to get them funded again
when they say no one they mean white rich male
there are other places that do not murder children!
Well, Republicans tend to think of women as no one, so it makes sense.
well I wonder what we did for last 10000 years before it
Had higher mortality rates for one.
They don't care. They are heartless bastards.
Not just women, but men as well. Maybe the GOP doesn't know PP helps men, too. Either way, I #StandWithPP
have you noticed abortions are at lowest rate since 1971?
@TwiHusband @washingtonpost That's because ppl who are not rich, white & fully insured are "no one" to these traitors.
That's technically correct, because to them women = no one.
NO MORE GOVERNMENT WASTE OF TAXPAYER MONEY!
gop so out of touch
Or the billions of babies murdered by Planned Parenthood...
Thank you, Sen Wyden.
Your rich Democrat Buddy's could fund it nationally if they truly believed in its existence. Your rich Fund a PP branch yourself.
@PPact @washingtonpost #TheResistance
Not many folks believe that lie anymore. And most of us don't dig supporting a biz that rips the unborn to shreds.
It's time to let the American people reap what they've sowed. This is what they voted for.
but rather to public hospitals that are going bankrupt by illegal immigrants that do not pay their bills.
I don't like her&just bc I'm a #woman etc etc etc& don't need PPH. Trump voter. 3 branches Gov&Prez. end.
its awesome though for ppl that do not support pp do not have tax payer money going to something they do not believe.
@SpeakerRyan I don't understand why the GOP want to hurt the most innocent. #IStandWithPP  It's about Education not Abortion.
if you don't want a child don't have sex, or use protection, be responsible.
i mean you can get the same care at public hospitals and local clinics that are going bankrupt/and we have obamacare...
Ya...make the taxpayers pay to kill the children....PP needs to make their cut selling the body parts, too.
Tax money doesn't go to abortions
what bothers me is the money and the organization actually picks political stances
Of course they do.  One side is trying to shut them down, the other isn't, and they'd rather not shut down.
There are other organizations they can rely on!!!
@Honey17011 @washingtonpost And health care, Ron.  Please don't forget health care.
- if you really cared about women's health, you would promote an organization that does not promote abortions.
Donated today
rely on Planned Parenthood for what exactly?
@MaggieJordanACN @washingtonpost no no, what GOP means is that those that are less fortunate are "no bodies".
@PPact @washingtonpost
@PPact @washingtonpost people shouldn't be reliant on the government! that's not how america is supposed to work!
they can pay for their own damn abortions.
Silly. Women aren't people.
they make enough money to support themselves, they don't need government support.
Men rely on Planned Parenthood too...
How about they pay for their own birth control pills. Their wallet their choice, my wallet my choice.
You choose to stand w/ PP while they lie to women in crisis. I choose to fight for the 3000 unborn killed each day. #ChooseLife
Consider the millions of babies torn limb from limb in their mother's wombs. I imagine they'll be happy.
A money laundering scheme funneling tax money to @TheDemocrats.
Please show evidence for your specious claim that PP is (illegally) funneling taxpayer money to the DNC. =)
That's right I forgot, they don't go to school because their pregnant by 15!
tell that to the millions of babies that are slaughter annually! FUCK planned parenthood!!!
How about they pay attention in Health class taught in high school?  This way they won't get pregnant and can practice safe sex!
No one's shutting them down. Instead of attending $30k a plate fundraising dinners, Dems can send their money to PP.
@PPact @washingtonpost OMG WE ARE DOOMED!
Maybe they can actually pay for it with their own money instead of leeching off of others.
Who do we call? Why are they punishing women who need PP for the 98% of non abortion Svcs?
PP should get funding IF they stop performing abortions
PP non-abortion services comprise 97% of their overall service so give them 97% of their budget.

Baby
Bath water
then they shouldn't mind not performing that 3%. They are MAKING money off of the sale of the parts.
@PPact @washingtonpost AND men. @PPact provides #healthcare to everyone. We must continue to fund & protect it! #PlannedParenthood
STOP abortions & then fund PP
@PPact @washingtonpost They can pay for their abortions, why should I pay for it? #LetHollywoodFundPP
I stand with Planned Parenthood #supportwomensrights
Why not create a group that doesn't do abortions that still helps with women's needs? Funding a group that dabbles in death is bad
@PPact @washingtonpost Bye Bye abortion farms
They'll find another source of help that doesn't make money from selling organs.
PP kills babies with taxpayers money.
@menjicm @washingtonpost it hurts everyone.
and to guys like these...
Yeah I know
thank you Senator Wyden for standing with PP and women! We are with you!
@DeniseDresserG @washingtonpost ...rely to kill their babies.. And their pieces are sold for profit..
the GOP are clueless wonders with no thought towards anyone else but themselves. Let's put their salaries at $1
@stylistkavin He dong give a rats ass about us he only cares about himself!!
@stylistkavin @washingtonpost what is wrong with all these men who want to hurt women?
@GirlMopar @washingtonpost because they don't need it themselves. They cannot connect to the American people and the needs  sad
@DeniseDresserG @washingtonpost Una buena noticia que salvará muchas vidas.
@Karoli @washingtonpost No one who is a rich Republican, that's all they care about.
So Proud of Our Oregon Senators !!! 
Keep Fighting for Real People ~
The Rich 1%ers have Trump in Their Corner.

@washingtonpost
Your hashtag should be #IStandWithPPCauseItLooksGood
Lack of federal funding to Planned Parenthood means people have to now buy their own health care. You know, the way it should be.
Call @SpeakerRyan: Tell him that defunding #PP puts millions of women at risk!

(608) 752-4050
(202) 225-0600
