Typical- working to tear apart instead of making things work for us Ron. How many characters did it take for that?
Yeah- you show me where he is helping in this. All he does is show for photo opts in obstruction and not building and helping,U R delusional
You totally make no sense- typical- byeee
LMAO at all the "think alike" "4 character" Liberals who believe foreign concepts to THEM are lies.
There's some quicksand behind you. Please step in it and disappear.
I don't walk backwards, my friend, but that would certainly explain the Left's regressive ideas.
Tired of this left right garbage. It's what is right or wrong. If not able to see this, than walking backwards is what is being done.
Well then, it's wrong. Don't blame your inability to comprehend what Trump is doing on the half of the country that gets it. It's Not "Lies"
Sorry for your ailment. There is a psychiatrist waiting for you and will be happy to remove the ignorant streak you have in your brain.
Thanks, but you should hold on to that sympathy as long as you can, you're gonna need it.
"Trickle Down" is only 12 characters, so think you'll be fine
Only eight, really.

Nine if you use the British spelling.
Americans need to get together and work together.  And start acting like America.. Strong and together.  ONE NATION UNDER GOD !!!!!!!
Cut taxes for billionaires, cut services for the rest of us, pump a completely insane amount of money into the military. Dems do this too.
I'm 73, no more dire time in our lives then present, to have very strong military.
We have the world's strongest military by far, it doesn't need more money. It needs to do more with less, like the rest of us have to do.
I think you may be to far caught up in nuisances. Thankful we have the the warriors we do and pray for their safety.
You are a very poor representative. Your antics are sad for this Oregonian to watch.
Just takes you two letters for anything constructive.         NO
Trump is America’s greatest threat. He needs to be removed before he bankrupts is and gets us into a war. No wall rebuild TX, FL and PR.
Why doesn't Congress do their job and legislate? a tax plan is your responsibility. That's why ur approval rating is so low.
Stop griping and looking for something to nit pick at when it comes to our leader the president of the United States .
At least he's doing something, Ron.
Start a wouldn't it be nice page.
Likely won't be many facts to check.
WORK TO IMPEACH THIS TRAITOR, STOP NORMALIZING HIM. HE IS A CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER TO OUR PEOPLE, AS TX AND PUERTO RICO R FINDING OUT!
Just need 5... FRAUD
Make sure you have constructive input as President has reach out to you RESIST DEMS. Such a fine job helping on HC- NOT
As one of Oregon's elected Senators to this Republic, I request that U stop Ur party politics and get to work to create legislation for us!
Four characters sum it up:
Lies
I feel the same way.  Every time Wydens lips move.
Lol. A trumpbot!
Wow, name calling.  What a great argument.  Wish I could come up with something as original as "trumpbot". You are just awesome!
Lol! Someone with three followers who doesn’t tweet, but only attacks other tweeters- yeah, trumpbot. Get a life assbot! That better?!? 
You seem to know about me but I don't care about you. All I know is you think "trumpbot" and "assbot" are original and creative. Not better!
You were the one who trolled first-don’t be a #littlewhinneybitch
Another great argument "but you started it".   Thanks for the rational discourse.  You are awesome!
Bullshit is 8. Use the other 132 to talk about favourite movies. Or puppies.
Or movies about puppies!  One hundred one Dalmatians!  Lady and the Tramp!
I have a feeling we are going to have campaign rally Trump, as opposed to teleprompter Trump. His ego needs to be boosted after Alabama.
Lets hope so, much of America  it. We love seeing the LEFT squirm since.election loss. Can't wait until SPECIAL COUNCIL starts for OBAMA ADM & CLINTON
It's easy pick apart another person's plan, it takes courage to actually come up with a plan.
You're gonna need 600,000.
Thank you.
Take a Hike Ron along with your “Dreamers” and “Take a Kneelers”!
People of your ilk made Portland PORTLANDIA
Let me guess, to summarize,  ahem... : TOTAL BULLSHIT
LIE LIAR 
Thanks Senator for watching out for us.
Before he proposes anything, you won't like it.  Partisan politics, it's all you have.Retire, you aren't doing anyone but yourself any good
YOU&YOUR TRAITOR FRIENDS ADAM SCHIFF,JOHN MCCAIN,CHUCK SCHUMER&MARK WARNER ABOUT TO GET THE SURPRISE OF YOUR LIFE&IT'S NOT GOOD AT ALL!JAIL!
How is government paying back the 2.5 trillion dollars stolen from SSI by Pres. Reagan so he could pay for the relief tax bill?
Your a damn liar. You fear success because Democrats won’t win elections for decades.
The last time I check, "lies" had only four characters....
Because you've already made up your mind?
Just 4 letters, lies.
Sick of this same old tired story. Stop giving away our money to these giant leeches! We are fed up!
Close the free ride for all those corporations not paying taxes! Tax Wall St.! Cut off subsidies! Cut military budget!
Spoken as a true tax and spend Demo!
How about live tweeting YOURS, genius.
Less taxes for everyone who works. Something libtard bums don’t like to hear.
Let me guess:  it sucks.
Three characters should suffice - LIE
Please do that. This is important
Love you  Senator Wyden!
Why don't you tell us about your tour in Vietnam?
For your own but mostly our betterment I sure hope you get on board instead of trying to block good for citizens ! Do ur Job !
And you Liberals shall remain in your bubble for the next 7 years, minimum. Don't Democrats want a fair tax code for all?
fighting to keep the elites wealthy while everyone else is enslaved by debt. keep up that great work of screwing over the population.
Enslaved by debt, huh? What's your excuse?
My son's have school loans,working full time, almost no tax cuts, and the infrastructure we are leaving them is horrible.
How can Trump think that people are so dumb?This is tax cuts for people that have alot., this proposal does nothing for my sons.
Probably 2 words: $hit $how.
Please do and thank you for all your hard work. Following you in Eugene.
Like you can be trusted!  At least your are good at looking busy
No healthcare. They have to get the money some how for the 1%
I was thinking the same thing...they HAVE to continue to attack HC, medicare/medicaid or how WILL they give 1% a tax break??
Because the Democrat party, NY & CA. Are sucking the rest of the country dry.
I think you only need three. "L-I-E"
Could you inform me how I can get US Gov't to pay 2/3 of my health premium? Jim Hulse in Scappoose
Just saying wrong over and over again is not fact checking.

Hopefully we Dems have someone to explain thoroughly what it means vs. tax cuts for the rich. Help the sheep to understand.
But who is fact checking you?
We know how horrid it will be!
All Americans need to review and question every line in his tweets and speeches about Tax Reform!  Enough with smoke and mirrors for the 99%
Trump has no right to do tax reform until he releases his own taxes.
Thank you!
Republicans aren't angry cause they feel unheard, they are angry because they are being herded by angry voices Hannity, Limbaugh, Levine etc
"Wrong" is only five characters. "No" is only two.
In fact, you'll only need to repeat the same 5 words over and over again.
All the democrats wants to do is raise taxes I live in Oregon I know this
Will you be doing anything to lower taxes on Oregon Taxpayers?  #LowerAllTaxes
 you Ron!!
You might need it for the fact-checking portion. Good luck keeping up.
How do you feel about replacing the national income tax with a national sales tax?
Regressive
Do you mean the idea is regressive, or that I am? I consider myself progressive, I’m just looking for his opinion.
Not you! Sales tax usually hurts lower income people.
So what you mean is you will be tweeting out Dem talking points fed to you.  You never deal in facts Ron.  Fact lower taxes stimulates jobs.
When JFK was president he lowered taxes and economy grew at 6% and created jobs for all. Same with Reagan 4% growth low unemployment
Intelligent Americans will get it <140
ThankYou 
Will be watching!
WOW praising yourself really
My yearly tax filing is 60 pages some years. Most of it is repetitions page after page of the same numbers answering similar questions.
Best of luck to you then.


Thank you
TL:DR whatever Trump says is bad. Now we don't need to check your twitter feed.
If the speech is as bereft of details as the original "plan", about 20 characters should be sufficient: "Is that all there is?"
Healthcare, Capitalism and Democracy in America only for the happy few  ?
They're called workers. Socialism, Communism and societal collapse when you run out of OUR money.
Interested? Magnum Opus: Humanity At Crossroads http://www.valuewalk.com/2017/06/industrial-revolution-magnum-opus-humanity-at-crossroads/?all=1 … … … …
Thank you Ron as a tax professional I do follow these fact checking posts. Keep up the good work.
Can't believe we have so many snowflake liberals in this country. Trump won...now let him do his job
He's a bot. Names followed by a lot of numbers generally are.
Yeah... Not a bot just intellegent and don't jump to conclussions.
Can't really belive y'all are this naive...wait a minute...yes i can you made my point snowflakes
Please ask why middle class gets no cut & what essential programs will be cut to pay for rich ppl & corps to get their tax cut. Thank you!
The word “ wrong” ought to be enough
"I support it" doesn't take too many characters!
How many of the GOP are indebted, owe $ to Russian "entities" and/or own Trump brand $laundering franchises?
Nice active listening :|
Keep your eye on Bannon too- we may need to secede from the nation when the aryan nation takes over.....
Excellent - I'll be watching
Yeah,bullshit is only 8 characters
No need to fact check tRUMP, Ron. We all know he is a full time liar!
I'm voting you out.
 1 or 2 will do nicely--The 2nd letter of the alphabet followed by the "s" wld sum up all things Trump. Capitalization optional.
Meanwhile, back at the crazy farm Trump continues to claim a win for every loss he takes. Must be delusional narcissism/ not just malignant.
Two words: 

"IT SUCKS"
Just NO. Obstruction doesn't require a large vocabulary
Will be watching and notating as well. Thks Senator


Nobody cares what Dems think, that's why you've been voted out of power, and eventually voted out of existence.
Must be a monetary reason for this, some technicality regarding twitter tax liability or to make it harder to find the BOTS, find Rubles?
Yeah..."EPIC FAIL" should suffice!
Four characters will be enough. "Lies"
high five to this comment, was my thought too.
@RonWyden All you'll need is 3
"Lie"
"Lie"
"Lie"
Can we please stop the #JonesAct so we can save lives in #PuertoRico
tax cuts for the rich less than 140 characters.
