Good on you! Portland and Oregon have your back.
Oregon has a booming economy. it's one of the number one spots 2 move 2. Clearly not failing. Try another insult.
also that statement was from a 2013 ranking list. It's 2017 get new stats.
the president you support dodges federal income tax and then wants to spend 14B on a wall. Don't speak on taxes.
Standing with Senator Wyden for standing up and doing the right thing in the face of bully #GOP and their Putin/Bannon Puppet Prez
Thank you! None of the nominees are any good, but these are the worst of the worst. We greatly appreciate your steadfast resolve.
you are part of the swamp that must be voted out.
Majority of Oregonians voted for Hillary. And Wyden.
do your job.I will work to vote you out next election.I'm a native Oregonian. We voted for president Trump. He Is my president.
"Total loyalty to President" dangerous & not how our country works. Separation of powers is a core American value.
no one is asking for total loyalty he been president for 10 days and only has 3 of his nominees. Libs are stalling
Democrats are representing their constituents. "Eh, they're unqualified, but I'll approve anyway" is unAmerican.
give me a break they are more than qualified. Dimms are stalling and you know it but that's ok rep have majority.
Their constituents don't believe they're qualified, e.g. the obviously unqualified DeVos. Don't idolize "loyalty."
Didn't do you much good, did it!!?
Thank you!
Thank you!
Why?
we are with you all the way!!
you do realize we all see through the pandering right.
Thank you for caring about our country.
OBSTRUTCER! We are taking names so when it time for you to be re-elected we won't vote for you.
Well I would certainly hope so. #OpposeEverything #NotNormal #NeverMyPresident  #FindYourSpine
Yes, thank you. Lead the way and welcome disaffected Republicans to join us.
Thank you! I so appreciate the work you do. Keep pushing back on Price and Mnuchcin!
thank you!
thank you for listening!
good luck with that
what the fuck are you talking about? You want to vote Wyden out? Good luck.
Why? There is no point except to waste time.
Good! VOTE planned for Friday @ 6:30 AM get your coffee ready! Don't let them throw student needs under the bus.
that is not what this Oregonian wants. Do you care about that Ron? Represent me!!
thank you!
Yes, no Betsy DeVos, Kudos!
I am putting a lot of faith in you...Thank you for representing me in Washington. I am soon to be a teacher and want to have hope!
Good. :) But please reconsider your stance on Gorsuch. Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater.
Session will bend the law for Trump
DeVos can't be trusted with public Schools kids
Tillerson will serve Russia and Exxon
WERE ALL GONNA DIE!!!   Help us!!!
Don't worry, America will survive the Russian imposed Presidency of @realDonaldTrump
Russia exposed your party as liars, cheats, and unfair to Bernie.  THANK YOU RUSSIA
I don't have a party. Liars are better than traitors like Trump and his Russian recommended admin
nothing you say is based in fact. #fakenews
I also the OPPOSE the nominations of Sessions, DeVos & Tillerson. Thx.
Thank you for all but especially for #DeVos. She is truly UNQUALIFIED!
No one seriously gives a fuck. #seriously #ElectionsHaveConsequences #YouLost
Thank you! I'm so proud you're my senator!!

Thank you, Senator.
Thank you!!
We know, we know. You're nothing but an obstructionist. A political hack and everyone know it. FOLLOW THE RULES OR LEAVE. Hack!
please, please DO NOT CONFIRM Betsy
And Scott Pruitt!!
thank you for opposing these nominations and continuing to work for Oregonians!
Thank you for standing up for Oregon and your country!
of course you do.  You believe in unlimited power for the Feds to waste our money and tell us what to do.
thank you!!!
Thank you Senator, I hope you will also join @SenJeffMerkley in filibustering Gorsuch, the nominee for a stolen seat.
Thank you! (Photo taken at the US Holocaust Museum.) #resist #WhatYouDoMatters #BanBannon
Looks like with the way Republicans are behaving, it may  not matter much?
Thank you!
thank you!
YESI'll stop calling your office about that. I'll keep calling about Gorsuch (BLOCK!) & Bannon (NSC position violates fed. law)
And that's why I voted for you! Good job.
Don't forget Price!
you're a bozo
what happened with DeVos?  These are all riduculous picks.  I oppose them all.
@marrskin Thank you Senator Wyden. You represent us well. Keep up the good work.
that's awesome. We support you! Tell your colleagues to do the same - our nation, and their continued employment, depends on it.
Mnunchin??? 48 hour rule???
too bad there are not 51 of you. These nominees are horrible.
Thank you for standing up, Senator! We appreciate you.
thank you!!
Great Ron. Accept only one nominee- Judge Garland
obstructionist!
That a kid Ron!
Once again speaking out strong, for the majority of American citizens. Americans always move towards the light!
and Gorsuch?
I stand wholeheartedly behind that decision. Thank you!
good start
Thank you for listening to your constituents, Senator!!!
Thank you so much. Can I call anybody who might be wavering, try to bring them to that opinion? please tell us how we can help!
thank you.
Who do you need help persuading/how can we help?
Thank you! Stay strong, protect our democracy, and #resist. We have your back.
thank you!
Thank you!
Oppose any SCOTUS not named Merrick Garland. Dems gain NOTHING by helping McConnell steal a seat... except primary challenge
Thank you! Oregonians stand with you!
thank you!!!
good!
Grow up.  We voted Trump in because he was not a you.  Do what is right and stop embarrassing yourself. Vote for these nominations
please oppose Pruitt as well.
appreciate hearing that and urge you to oppose his SCOTUS noms as well. GOP deserve ZERO cooperation after their 8 yr obstruction
thank you.
I watched and listened to you over the past few years you are one of the bright lights that give me hope. But it's getting tougher
GO DUCKS, make us proud Senator
you're wrong
thank you for opposing those nominations.  They are all wrong on policy, ethically challenged, and Tillerson is too pro-Russian.
Thank you, Sir! Go Fighting!
New York's third senator speaks.
thank you
As a constituent in Portland, thank you for taking such a strong stand against Trump's nominations!
thank you. Please do it aggressively and enlist your allies in congress
-spoken like a true Dirty Dem
this Oregon voter says THANK YOU!
Thank you.
@RiskyLiberal @HouseDemocrats who else? @HouseGOP
Oppose them ALL! Vote No on Gorsuch!!!
@kendallclawson Thank You!
How that going so far?  I haven't kept up with the news.  Are you succeeding?
YAY!!!! You are making me proud to be an Oregonian! Thank you!
Thank you for standing up to the Bannon Administration.  We cannot allow these people to destroy our country.
Thank you!!
Thank you Senator Wyden.
Thank you and the other @SenateFinance dems for standing up today.
@zanger Thank you!!
what about price?
: Thank you!!! America can do better than this.
thank you! I support you and wish I could vote for you.
it's about time! Good job Senator.
thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you! You make this Oregonian proud!
Plan to oppose or will oppose? They are very different things. 
/ @Jeremy_LangPDX
THANK YOU, RON!!
You need to plan your retirement.
Thank you for thoughtful and thorough vetting of these important positions.
Thank you.
I support Trump and his nominees. It seems you do not represent all of Oregon. I'm voting you out.
thank you! We need you to stand up for us against Trump & Bannon. Stay strong and fight!
thank you. We are glad to have your commitment
@rantryan thank you.
Thank you!
@RedApplePol  Dont know you but definitely liking you.
Why? Because you do not believe in factual vetting? Principles? You march lock-in-step with Progressive Marxist Democrats? Sad.
thank you for opposing these nominations!!
Thank you, thank you, thank you. And Sen. Price's nomination?
@mmasnick and the rest. THEY ARE ALL HORRIBLE.
Thank you, Senator Wyden. Many of us stand with you. Appreciate that you are standing with us!
Huh.  Obstructionist.
you rock,  thank you!
So thankful for your announcement. I feel heard by my senators
Thank you for having our backs Senator Wyden.
thank you
@ORDems I hope you plan to vote no on ALL Trump noms. #resist #obstruct make his tiny hands fight for everything
#WeThePeople support @POTUS #2018#2020
.@RonWyden 8 years of AGs who politically decide which laws to enforce & which to ignore & you oppose one who would simply enforce them.
Thank you!
Thanks!
Thank you!
Good start, but I think a total NO response to every nominee is in order, now, Senator.
Thank you!
Keep up the resistance!
YES!

Thank you so much!!

Acceptance is the key.
thank you!
Thank YOU Sen Wyden. You are stand with us. OR thanks you! #StandIndivisible #TheResistance
proud to have voted for you, senator.
thank you, Senator! #Resist
Thank you!
you did not even showed up for deliberations today. You are a very rich pathetic excuse of a US Senator.
Bravo!!! That's how I was hoping you'd vote! You just made my day!
Sounds great! But let's add Price to that list.
THANK YOU!!!!
thank you for trying and standing up..too bad Walden can't see it yet
And Neil Gorsuch?
very proud to be a Democrat #backboneontheleft
@amylvpoemfarm That's my Senator! Thank you, Senator Ron Wyden!
thank you
I love you, Ron Wyden.
thank you! I called your office yesterday to also voice my support! #DeVosvote #StopPresidentBannon
DO NOT WAVER!!
thank you. Stay strong
Thank you sir.
Thank you! I'm no longer an OR resident but I'm happy to say I voted for you when I was. Keep up the good work!
Thank-you for everything you are doing.
@kellyg1160 Thank you.
@drgaiainc you win at life!!!
enjoy your stay ... for now
good start, don't forget puke Pruitt.
Thank you!
Thank you!
@cmoorepdx Voter from PDX. Together we #resist #altfacts & #jesuscampschools public funding. Save some for Bannon & the #altright
@datagoodies Thank you!
Thank you! Keep up the #Resistance. We are with you. Stand up, speak out, stand out! #stopsessions #StopDeVos
Thank you for all you are doing!!
Bravo. Totally support boycott.  Keep going until you get what you need fr them.  PDX Voter
@Dookofurl Thank you from California!!!
We're with you all the way.  Stay strong!
Thank you for your opposition to Trump's terrible cabinet nominations.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
THANK YOU!
thank you!
.@RonWyden that's a start, but not enough. Oppose them all.
Thank You Senator, this constituent is behind you 100%!!!
thanks!
YES, and please stop Bannon. No white nationalists in power over, influencing who lives and dies.
get everyone else on board while you're at it!!!
Thank you.
Thank you!
, you are the best!  #Wyden4Prez2020
Good choice.
