ACA doesn't need to be repealed and replaced, it simply needs the bugs to be fixed. This was essentially a huge beta test. Don't start over.
Stay strong and vote No on #SkinnyRepeal . #SaveACA
.....don't be fooled ryan has the votes .. there will be no conference
So 1/5 the rise we saw with the #ACA then
Thanks for your support Sen Wyden!  Enough already - the GOP needs to grow up and get to work on solving our countries health care problems!
Healthcare not a right
That better that the black First presides medical disaster,,,,

  WOW. Paul Ryan has been LYING to Senators. They're preparing to pass skinny repeal this weekend. https://twitter.com/rachaelmbade/status/890654011166048256 …
Say Ron what have you introduced this session to help the people of Oregon? We know you are part of the Resistance! Let us know!
Ha ha ha!  According to the CBO??

They haven't got a FACT CORRECT in...hmmm...DECADES!!!

COMPLICIT IN OBAMACARE FRAUD!

#CBO-BIAS
Tailspin . Economy.
I don't like it.  Should be a full repeal
sounds like a tax cut
Only ever tried to defend myself from harm.
Ron wyden is a lying pile from New York doesn't give a rats ass about Oregon
unravels market, cuts medicaid which is a lifeline to the elderly and disabled...
I'm assuming that doesn't include the millions that will lose coverage because they can't afford it.
Don't be fooled???? BHO conned America into this mess. #Gruber outed him and all of the bought and paid for democrats.

We could afford H C before Gov. got involved. Now my wife alone pays 5376.00 before OC pays a dime. Thanks but no Thanks. Oregon
Pls go back to helping us elderly. U can't lie  well enough, and you are on the wrong team. Switch hitters all of a sudden???
Don't be fooled!

OBAMACARE IS AN UTTER FAILURE 
*PROVEN FRAUD!!!
let's push for single payer
We are not fooled we are afraid
I ain't never harmed no man.
Isn't that the joke GOP talking about costs being lowered by their bill.
Thank you for Obamacare
Really my premium soared 100% under Obamacare and my deductible tripled it sucks
Skinny like prison camp workers I think. #AuschwitzMeetsAndersonville
Really? What was your rhetoric on the ACA?
What is your contribution?
End Stalinism in America: Repeal ObamaCare!
All lies. Kills the mandate and gives people a choice.
but are the dems really going to support single payer? like you? look at CA.  Lot at VT.  Both dems rejected it.  It's all smoke an mirrors
Please fight 4 us Ron. I changed from being a Republican to a Democrat on this issue alone when Greg Walden took a cruel stand on this issue
16 million who OPT NOT TO BUY COVERAGE !! Their choice .. is the truth within you ?
Bullshit! It eliminates mandate. Millions will choose to opt out not lose coverage.
Sen. Wyden, keep fighting and talking. Maybe your words will finally make it through some of your fellow GOP Senators heads.
Then stop it!  Do something please.
Its called the "skinny bill" because you wont be able to buy as much food if you purchase insurance. Makes sense!
Individual mandate?  What happens when healthy people realize premiums went up and cancel?  Higher premiums?
Hahaaaaa.. poor thing.. you must be  reading Obama care
If passed it would be like pulling the hinge pin out and ObamaCare would go into a death spiral.
We can give the skinny insurance plan to @RepAndyBiggsAZ, after we repeal his personal gov. insurance plan.  Andy won't mind.
It's "the skinny" on what a horrible bill looks like
Great speech today, keep fighting.
Healthcare is a human right not a privilege! I don't understand why @GOP is hellbent on depriving constituents of basic human needs.
Quit letting insurance companies/healthcare providers/ pharmaceuticals merely profit. Healthcare must be a fiduciary system, not for profit.
"Healthcare must be a fiduciary system, not for profit."

If it worked in the USSR & Venezuela, it can work here!
It should be called the bait-and-switch bill or the skin and bones yes it won't cut Medicaid but 15 million will still be uninsured premiums
Skyrocket still and now everyone that's not insured goes to the emergency room and the regular taxpayer pays for those

And the house will pass it. Senate has to say no!
Good golly!
WATCH & RT
BRAVO @RepCohen
https://twitter.com/RepJayapal/status/890370855032700928/ ……/1
Call GOPHouse Judiciary 202-225-3951 & ask them are they pro-
https://judiciary.house.gov/subcommittee/full-committee …
"To take a question concerning the firing of James Comey, and turn it into a question about Hillary Clinton? 

This is unbelievable, sir." 
