.@HouseGOP is working on a new amendment to buy off their members to vote for #Trumpcare
There’s no sugar-coating what the Upton amendment would do: it allows insurers to charge sick people whatever they want.
The Upton amendment encourages insurance companies to charge sick people with high premiums because they’ll be bailed out with taxpayer $$
.@HouseGOP’s flawed & dangerous high risk pools don't work and on top of that the amount of $$ it allocates to "help" people falls far short
This isn't complicated. Today there's guaranteed protection for people with pre-ex conditions. If @GOP changes the law, guarantee goes away.
My Moda deductible has gone from $1000 to $6000 already. That is your fix?  Come up with a better plan than the "status quo" Senator Wyden.
If you become seriously ill, $6000 will seem like chump change. And if you can't get coverage at all when you need it, it's not a HC plan.
My kidney cancer in 2007 cost $50k and was $3500 out of pocket. Same Moda, cancer this time over $60k so far and almost $7k out of pocket.
At least they are working on something! More than I can say for you!! Earn your keep or get gone. Enough of the BS scare tactics.
Working on removing health insurance for millions of Americans shouldn't be lauded.
Senator Wyden is working hard to save the ACA and healthcare for the millions who will lose it under Trumpcare.
What about the millions who already lost their Obama care cause they can't afford it or no Docs will take it. Wyden doing nothing but scare
Short memory, Obama care, keep you Doc, Low rates. Yeah you had your chance. Be part of the solution and not just the opposition.
Just like the ACA also known as the Unaffordable Care Act. ACA needs to go government has no business in health care.
For profit health care has no business in healthcare.
Ya, and when you find doctors that work for free you in lala land.
If you had greater than a 3rd grade education you would realize that
You have nothing so you resort to insults. Just like a lefty.
You are the one that equates non profit with free and I wasn't resorting to insults I was pointing out the obvious
Really, saying I'm only as smart as a third grader is not meant as an insult. No I'm just stating that you want freebies.
And that wasn't meant as an insult? look sweetums maybe big words confuse you like United We Stand not give me mine
this is a tragic and unwise decision @GOP don't exempt yourselves then! Or do some of you have #autism in ur family like me?! #SAD
No argument is needed. No bargaining for votes. NO TRUMP BULLYING. Pre-existing conditions must be included.. period.
It's starting to look like house will fold & pass trumpcare. Our hope is Senate will do due diligence and get cost projections and gut bill
And they don't just decide 51% is enough.
I put faith in Senate but still watching closely.! Trump wants nuke filibusters everywhere and his henchmen can't be trusted
Explain why Iowa will now have no carriers under ObamaCare? How is that working out? Anything would be better but u guys suck.
Because GOP undermined for 6 yrs and Trump threatened to withhold the subsidies that were part of the deal.  Any other Qs?
Ahhh, undermined by not funding it? Because it was well funded... The law, as written and regulated is a disaster.
Thank you Senator. My Senator.
We get the government we deserve
We've seen how single payer systems work, no choice except for supplemental ins. ie Canada, how about Venezuela, Cuba, or NK.
Canada works damn well. Supplemental insurance is for the most expensive medical practices only. The rest? Normal things? All covered.
Realy, you need to do some digging. Did you know they have death panels, for those who the GOV say your to costly to fix. Sad
I have family & friends in Canada & they love their healthcare. Great hospitals make zero difference if sick can't afford insurance.
I'm glad it works for them so far. How do they like the Islamic State of Canada.
Impossible to debate delusional, but I will call you out on your lies. No one isn't getting HC in Canada &no med Bill bankruptcies. #facts
They also travel here when they have serious problems.
Mostly myth too. Some wealthy folks head south for very serious things (like heart transplant) but emergency care doesn't have to wait.
@GeorgeTakei Fred Upton constituents need to fill his in boxes & phone lines. Come on Berrien County, Call, Email or smoke signal
@indivisiblefrr all out #KILLTHEBILL hit the phones
Get in front of a camera to say this. There is so much misinformation out there, even among ppl who support the ACA.
Yeah and your ASSES WILL STILL HAVE ACA I WANT TO STOP MY TAXES FROM PAYING FOR YOUR DAMN HEALTHCARE
This is going to be a very sad date in history if this very bad bill passes!
Have any journalists in Boise asked Otter what his intentions are with state controlled pre-existing coverage.  I need some time to move!
Wyden, if ACA was so great why are you not on it? You have unconditional care and keep it for yourselves?
These f*cking people (republiCONs) need to be removed from office and made to suffer, just like they are condemning millions of us to do!
@RonWyden with a thread detailing the GOP duplicity re their Health Care bill.
If this bill passes, then I expect to see mass rioting.
I'm surprised it's not happened already. Healthcare would bring everyone together I would think. 45 has been its best accidental advocate
More BS & Fake News
#putinbot
I was straight-up lied to re: PECs by Rep Sensenbrenner's office in Wisc yesterday. He's a definite Y, but that doesnt stop me from calling
They lie about deductibles for Obamacare, they lie about that spirals; Republicans lie about everything
It's the only thing they know how to do.
Well, Trumpers will find out in 6 months when they need medical help & see what is true & false....
Thanks for all you do!
They really better think about this.
Obamacare is dead.
#trumpbot
We share Police & Fire Services to protect the lives of All Citizens equally. 
@GOP insist protecting lives thru healthcare must be unequal?
You left out the military and their tech we cost share on.
But I am glad you did...the list goes on ... sad
They better not pass this bs!  How dare they knowingly screw us over!  The president is a criminal, is the whole rep party guilty?  Say NO!
Ron Wyden is the poster child for what is wrong in DC Schools his kids in NYC- "represents" Ore and obstructs everything-zero original ideas
Dr Bud Pierce is literally saving my life right now Sen Wyden. You are driving me to bankruptcy.  Come up with a plan or get out of the way
Biggest reason is that you'll can't manage money. Example look at the debt. ACA was designed to fail so Dems could push for single payer.
how about limiting Insurance and Pharmaceutical companies officers pay to 6 figures instead of 8?
@clayfisher It will not pass the Senate.
We can't guarantee that. Clearly, that line of "it can't pass the Senate" is being lauded by Republicans right now. It's a scam.
If you want to depress the hell out of people, be my guest. I'm out. Bye.
I'm being realistic. They've got a plan to get it through the Senate, so they're going to tell House to pass the buck. It's a scam.
If the GOP does pass it, it will be their demise.
Let's hope!!!!!
no, Lets make it happen!
Good reminder!
May it pass! Everyone Republican who votes for it will be unable to go out in public, much less get re-elected.
I'm afraid people will die in the mean time.
GOP created it's own death panel
They've never been honest about healthcare. I remember the lies way back in the 90s. And I remember the horror stories.
Kinda like Obama did with ACA you supported? "If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor"
Jesus ppl, go to universal healthcare - take big business out of it -ppl don't go bankrupt in Canada over healthcare-
That's a good point but I worry that if it's universal through the government that people will use religious  reasons to deny some care
Catholic based hospitals have some restrictions ( pregnancy terminations) but otherwise, I've never heard of religious discrimination
Char limit, but abortions and some forms of birth control is what I meant. They did this to ACA recently with abortion
The snow job was perpetrated by Maobama and leftists
Have a pre existing condition?  You might be able to get coverage but you won't be able to afford it.
The problem with this is many don't buy insurance then when they need it buy and we get stuck paying higher premiums for all yrs they skated
I agree. That was fixed by the ACA. Everyone had to be insured.
No it wasn't government has no right to force buying healthcare and it shouldn't have the right to force per existing conditions in policy
Man, you are gonna be upset when you learn where roads, the military, and firemen come from.
Would be nice if I knew what you're referring 2
Ok, time for civics 101 I guess.
TrumpCrap
Please please don't let them do this!!
Here's a thought...gov out of healthcare. WHAT!!! That's insane isn't it, nah nvm that'll be dumb
@we_dems right 8billion dollars is not a lot of money to 50 states and million of ppl..senate dont pass this mess
You can tell them we will try hard to campaign against their re-elections for this horrid bill
Of course they're lying. Its their way of doing business. Selling snake oil requires an inate ability to lie and scam
The ACA is TERRIBLE. The replacement is somehow even worse. When is a lawmaker going to look for ways to lower medical costs pre-insurance?
Maybe the living corpses who shamble through the GOPaclypse will use this as an excuse to blank slate the mess and get single payer.
IMPEACHMENT IMPEACHMENT IMPEACHMENT IMPEACHMENT IMPEACHMENT IMPEACHMENT IMPEACHMENT IMPEACHMENT IMPEACHMENT ...
What's the holdup?
They have no problem, with lies.
Won't pass the senate
Here's a fact: Under Obamacare our health insurance has skyrocketed from $450/mo to $1600/mo. How is that affordable?
GOP sadly mistaken thinking ppl w/ preexisting conditions will sit back without a fight. With little to lose, look for bloody civil unrest.
HiRisk pools: 1. Have offered no coverage for 6 months 2. Had waiting lists 3. Capped benefits and enrollment. A scam, not "protection."
Anything that doesn't guarantee affordable coverage for pre-existing is a scam, nothing Republicans have proposed fit that standard
Are they promising that if you like your plan you can keep it? Are they promising your premiums & deductibles will be reduced?
Rep Wyden, as an Oregonian who now lives in WA, thank you for your service to the people. You make me proud. Keep fighting the good fight.
Sir, I live in OR. what can WE do at that level to have a state option.
Look at it as damage controll
My wife couldn't keep her policy as it's over a thousand a month, w/ good health also couldn't keep her Dr.!! Obama is a failure!
House Rs will be exposed for fraud.  This is great political theater which will make 11/6/2018 midterms better for DEMS.  #GOPdysfunction
But the same donors that own 100% of the Rs also own 80% of the Ds, although those are strong Rs and weak Ds. Maybe some Rs will run as Ds.
It's the VOTERS who have the power & are learning lessons from this political theater.  #GOPdysfunction is being exposed daily.  #ACAworks
Oh it's done and your objection is just like the people of oregon. We have not mattered the last 8 years and now you dont
It's curious that there is GOP support for a bill that would allow states to endanger the "unborn" by denying coverage of maternal care....
Excellent. The GOP & conservative Christians have NEVER cared about babies after birth but this endangers the unborn they cherish. Pro-life?
Stand tall and kill it in the Senate.
It'll will give you lots of choices. Great choices. The best choices.
Choices like moving states, sellyour house, & uproot your family.
When is America going to grab a brain & be human.  Take the business away from health care,  it's a human right.  I'm Canadian thank God! 
It's not like this pile of crap will ever see light of day in the Senate anyways.
We are counting on the Senate to ensure this doesn't disaster doesn't become law
Why aren't details published for the public
It doesn't take away from the fact this piece of shit got voted into office. The #sociopathparty will never change but maybe their #sheeple
Where is the attachment?
Health Care Congres,Making us uncomfortable by confusing us with overwhelming decietful details until we don't care.Special interest 1,ppl 0
On course they're lying. You expect anything less?
Talked to Greg Walden's office he's voting yes on the Health Care Bill with no idea how that bill will affect the people insured under it.
The fact that it's so close tells me those in the House who oppose it are not working nearly hard or smart enough to bury this piece of crap
Trumpcare is going to fuck us much harder than Obamacare (which is actually Romneycare). Time for #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
I've always admired you, Sen Wyden. Thank you.
I don't think the house will pass it because of election next yr
Why would a universal tax to ensure everyone has health care be a bad thing? Tax already paid. Include our care in it. Great idea. 
Say goodbye to lifetime caps for everyone including  employer based health insurance.
par for the course...that is exactly how they got the ACA passed in the first place.
no surprise, the House has been threatened by #Trump.  No doubt in my mind
Republicans are really letting the American People down. President Trump only cares about himself and looking good, just so he can Bragg.
Family just went to Mexico for surgery because his private insurance wouldn't cover the procedure.  Well done, let's make it more difficult.
Why not tell us how your making this bill better or proposals you've made for improvement. No you just say they lie, just like DEMS.
@GeorgeTakei The problem is that we don't have a healthcare system in the country, we have an insurance system.
There isn't a single one of these assholes who wouldn't steal the pennies off a dead widows eyes!
Healthcare covering PE will save a hell of a lot more lives than a wall (did wall idea come from kindergarten focus group?)
Go trump
There is only one earth, Earth people should condemn the Taiwan government, the temple made air pollution.
We could get a veto proof majority in the house.
These are both exceptionally flawed systems.  We cannot rely on picking the lesser of 2 evils.  This new plan won't work.  Better fix needed
What do you expect? 
 The KGOP has never been successful by telling the truth!
Why don't politicians have to automatically have the same health care. Is America a dictatorship?? From my view it sure looks this way.
Also:
How can House vote on a bill tomorrow when GOP's "Pledge to America" promised all bills would be public for 3 days before a vote? 
You really believe anything they tell you!  They DON'T care!
Will somehow open their eyes. And vote for what is right and true
You mean like the Democrat lies about the ACA?
there's a radio chain guy in the eastern part of the state who says his gift of $7m+ each to a sneakers and a plywood vendor is good policy.
It's a feeding frenzy by millionaire piranha on the ordinary Americans who keep this country alive & healthy.
there's no attachment
Yes. I was afraid of that. One fat guy said he was changing his vote to yes because Trump promised they would remove the pre ex clause
I just called @RepCurbelo 's office. Staffer was polite and listened. Told me that CC is still undecided...sticking point is the pre-ex cond
Color me surprised that the House is lying.
they said on TV tonight they want their 11 days off sick of the bill want Senate to take over- who elected these clowns?
Stay Loud! #resist the wrong.
Disingenuous. Mr. Widen u r better than this.
not to mention that when the pooled insurance fails, because it will be underfunded and definitely will, doctors will deny service
Let them do it so Trump can claim he's wonning and they can all BURN.
WHY DON'T OUT VOICES MATTER? I THOUGHT THIS WAS AMERICA? I THOUGHT THE PEOPLE MATTERED. WHAT THE FCK IS HAPPENING AND WHY CAN'T WE STOP IT?
*our
Money. Greed. There is no other explanation or rationale.
end times spawns of satan
Lowering subsidies and not expanding Medicaid is not more affordable more choices useless if can't afford to choose how is this better plan
.@RonWyden Aren't they also getting members to vote for the bill by delaying its worst effects until after the midterm elections?
You know as much as I know how facts to us means #fakenews to @realDonaldTrump. He doesn’t even try to spin facts, one just LIES! #BELIBERAL
If health care was viewed as a RIGHT and not a PRIVILEGE in the US, we would not be in this predicament.
Unfortunately there's nothing new about our government lying to us
Insurance is a scam, they only want healthy people they make money off, they improve their margins if they don't cover the sick.
Insurance is not a scam, if it's done right...
It is not surprising this is happening during treason hearings
When do they ever not lie??
that many people will die & many more suffer needlessly doesn't bother the Republicans who have sold their souls and sold out their country
It would cause a huge landslide in 2018 we are taking back the house no matter what but if they pass this.
Losing my ACA coverage will put my life at risk. Why do Mr. Ryan and Trump want me to die?
Thank you for trying to warn everyone.
GOP ALL GONE IN 2018, GO FOR IT GUYS!! WE'RE GONNA VOTE BLUE!!
It's really scary now
For the tRump voters, This bill has NOTHING to do with healthcare  and everything to do with erasing a black guys impact on their lives
When the trumpeters lose their coverage because of pre-existing conditions, let's see how happy they are with the cheeto then!
It's beyond me how these politicians say they are working for us the USA
They work from Democrats!
Ram it through, Repugs: It's your own death certificate.
#RepugnantRepublicans #lyingRyan  setting up the death panels to decide who gets coverage price the sick & over 50 right out of the market
@SpeakerRyan 
YOUR LYING  TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ABOUT TRUMPCARE 
And yet this POS farce won't pass Senate. Watch.
Scary
Gruber set the standard that lying about aca  is the right thing to do.
FOR STATES WITH ANY LEGALIZED MARIJUANA THERE IS A BILL WITHIN #Trumpcare  TO END THAT per Sessions. #trumpcarekills
All you ever need to know to know it's bad is that the Freedom Caucus is supporting it. That should tell you to RUN!
Please tell me that even if this piece of Kerap passes the House, it WILL NOT pass in the Senate....#resist @IndivisibleORD2
Dems tax $ should go to universal healthcare = Dems get healthcare. Reps tax $ should go to build a wall = Rep get a wall. Seems fair to me!
looking for facts and can't find them?

I think the word "moderate", when applied to Republicans, simply means "scared people will catch on."
@realDonaldTrump So is the Kushner Oscar plan going to gain on this abortion of a health care bill?! @FBI
People going to have to move to another state just for affordable health care.Figure out why they are doing the AHCA this way.That's a story
news of ACHA vote tomorrow is troubling on every level. We must remember who votes yes. Sad but if people lose or priced out of HC oust GOP
Not if, but when people lose and are priced out.
What did you expect, the American people put first?
My insurance cost way more for way less I cannot afford to get sick now thanks to Obama care h it can't possibly be worse
Reading many new health care supporters tweets and I just want to ask you if after 2 months of you still support or not please let us know
If you still support it or not. Twitter needs an edit button!
@cnnbrk Breaking News @HouseGOP garners enough votes to replace #ACA Voting tonight!!! @SenateDems get ready!!
Voting tomorrow!!
HR 676
Thanks for information sir.  Gotta fight this best we can!
Thank U @RonWyden for fighting for all Americans on all fronts.
Wanted to say the comments in this thread are how political discourse should be. People sharing their ideas and experience on both sides.
Already called my rep. @RepLanceNJ7 His people have no idea what's in the bill, what it costs, and won't say which way he is leaning. #AHCA
NOT affordable dude!
Dems need to get an ad up tonight with the facts.
Thank you for fighting for us - from an Oregonian who appreciates you and your work.
What did POTUS #45 say to those two no votes which made them become yes votes? What was offered/promised to each of them?
Probably a job in administration once they don't get reeledtef
That is possible. However, they would be trading one forum of chaos for another.
Yeah true lol
@HouseGOP do this and kiss your job goodbye as soon as you can be VOTED out!  You are there for ppl not your own agenda!
How can we help!?!
I sincerely hope U R not surprised by their lies!
That's all the CONNIVING, DECEITFUL, SCHEMING, THIEVING, AMORAL, EVIL GOP AND ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENT KNOW HOW TO DO. THANKS TRUMPETTES
If they do, heaven help their careers.
For the life of me, I can't figure why they need to push so fast! What's up, eh? Real people want a good plan, not a worse one fast.
Lol, sounds familiar. O that's right when they were presenting the ACA. Keep ur plan, lie. Keep ur doctors, lie. Amazing how easy u forget.
Where?
This bill is basically murder.....!
Think about it  Has today's Republican Party done anything that would be in the interest of the common man/woman/child?
Nope. Not one single thing. Time for Democratic candidates to run for office and get back to actual governance that benefits the 99%
do these guys have any idea how stupid they all sound, check their bank accounts!! They are probably being bought!!
Please run for president in 2020
Eight years ago my son was rejected by Pacific Source because of a "pre-existing condition." The condition? A sprained ankle 6 mos prior.
If Congress isn't willing to abide by the rules or regulations, their constituents shouldn't have to either.  #ForThePeople #ByThePeople
Start calling it #trumpcare & watch 45 flip on it!!!
Related:
http://tiny.cc/72fsky  #trumpcare #healthcare #ryancare
Thanks much for the RT.  Fantasy Breaking News:  

Paul Ryan's Memoir "Oops, My Bad" Announced http://tiny.cc/c4qwiy 
Kinda like the way Obama lied about his plan. Typical Washington politics.
If you like to your constituents,  you should also be liable and taken to jail.
Progressives must overload Repub's district with facts that r directly relatable, simply & often.
How do they get AWAY WITH LYING?? Seriously?  I want an answer please.  Thank You @RonWyden
@RepMikeCoffman is prepared to vote yes. Preexisting conditions are NOT covered as he says. #CO06
Call the U.S. Capitol switchboard at1-202-224-3121. And /or text RESIST to 50409 to engage the ResistBot to fax letters to Congress for you.
Awesome!
Let them do it. It is the only way we can reach these voters on the fence as well as millennials that don't understand how crucial voting is
This President is mentally ill and needs to resign. He doesn't know how to tell the truth about anything.
As a cancer survivor this is terrifying and infuriating. Please fight for us.
Its up to the opposition to verbalize it for us.
@realDonaldTrump  + @GOP  +  @HouseGOP  = Death Panels!!  #whoknew
