Why was 9-11 not "plane violence" or Boston not "bomb violence" but this is "gun violence"?  Just wondering.
just praying? politicians must legislate. #CongressMustAct #GunControlNow
After guns- are you going after drain clean acid being thrown in faces like in Europe? HIPAA to let family help before tragedy Ron!Fix that!
Can we now please act on gun violence? Limiting these types of weapons!?!
Yes it is tragic but I would like to remind you that yes a gun was used but this individual(s) could have used car, truck or knife. #GunGrab
Or, TAKE ACTION AND DEMAND IT IN THE HALLS OF CONGRESS
I think we should remove the metal detectors from congress.  Watch how fast regulation happens.
You can take the guns from the law-abiding citizens and still have piles of dead bodies from the Lawless people in this country.
With all due respect.. praying is not enough.
That is not gun violence...That is clearly mental illness.
How about some sensible gun control? Mentally disturbed people should not have access to guns. Stiff background checks would help.
Well what does that have to do with las Vegas
.check data .@teamtrace & .@GunDeaths and talk to local .@NRA chapters. If they believe IN guns THEY OWN THIS Hold them accountable.
NRA.  Yeah, right.
We need you to step up and get some #GunContolNow enough is enough. #guncontrol #LasVegasShootings
The tragedy here is that your pushing a gun grab after a nut ball shot up a place. Probably a gun free zone so ppl can't defend themselves.
Sadly there is no clean cut answer to the gun control questions. But we do know hate breeds hate, love breeds love! Spread the LOVE!!
Do we really need to put the mechanism before violence r we going to distinguish all violence in this way Fist- violence knife- violence 
Do something
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Americans r sufferng, dying in Vegas & PR while U maintain derangd people in WH #FixItNow! @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
No to silencers.
Get rid of guns NOW. Get them out of the hands of the domestic terrorists.
Who do you pray to?
There's no such thing as gun violence. Only human violence.
We all know what needs to happen, Ron.
Prayer does nothing.
Really Ron? I'm horrified you could turn this horrific act into something political! Shall we say K12 just said the guy converted to Islam?
Give your sources for his converting to Islam!  NO information has been released about his religion or political leanings!!
Sympathy & prayers can help but what can help more is if you stand up for better gun control. Stop yappin & make gun control better/safer
Please vote no on Senate Bill 441.  And also consider calling it an act of terrorism.
Terrorism needs an ideological political component this is already mass murder when a motive is determined we can decide if it's terrorism
These guns were banned in 1986, the black market is alive and well.....
By the way never seen a gun load and fire itself, it's always someone holding it controlling the gun.
Do something about it.  You are a senator.
Only Congress can write laws 2 regulate guns & ammunition & who can own. So do ur job if u don't want 2 c more of these shootings
#GunControlNow
It seems this trend of killing as many people as possible before an act of suicide will just continue. How can we make it harder for them?
Please make passing common sense gun laws a priority. This is the safety & sanity of our country that's at stake. #mandalaybay
DO SOMETHING. NOW.
Don't pray...VOTE to make assault weapons illegal. Vote to close gunshow loopholes! 

GO BACK TO CONGRESS & ENACT CHANGE!
ANOTHER senseless act of gun violence...please help us stand up to the NRA who considers this to be a normal part of the 2nd Amendment.
Remove Trump. His assault on citizens & our values is non-stop. He is pitting citizens against each other as we struggle to survive this adm
Common sense- not your hype hole Ron! You fix the root of the problems not your false idea of making innocent citizens suffer from the few
Local news reporter the shooter recently converted to Islam- the gun is innocent- the shooter IS NOT & Go after HIPAA to help mental needs!
Sources?  There has NOT been any information regarding the shooters religion or political leanings!
Please consider this comment when you're asked to vote for the bill allowing silencers for automatic weapons.
Don't pray. Do something.
And what action are you taking to attack gun violence? Praying won't do it.
Way past time for effective gun control.
Gun control NOW!!!!
GUN and ammunition CONTROL stop #NRA bloodmoney.
Why does one man need 10 weapons? @NRA @realDonaldTrump need to answer this now. It is all connected. Access to healthcare, increasing wages
Gun control. National data base for gun registry. Access to affordable mental healthcare.
Prayers are the last thing we need. Instead we want better leadership and tougher gun laws.
Ssssssssssssssssssssssay Ron. I guarantee he would have many gunsssssss no matter what. Sssssssshut your lisping assssss up
It's patriarchal violence -- our men are stuck in an ever escalating cycle of passing on pain, killing the world.
Please work on gun control legislation.
- So this is just the new norm? Bigger and bigger piles of dead people heaped upon the abysmal void of common sense gun regulation...?
Mental illness. these people are in every city in America. drive around Portland, they’re out there. we call them homeless. We need God back
Seemed to have missed your condolences for the victims of the Antioch shooting victims...
Again and again.  When will you guys change the laws???
Let's follow our prayers with sensible gun regulation. Most gun owners don't even support NRA. They're just lobbyists for manufacturers
Prayers aren't working, and they never will. I want the freedom to send my son to a concert or a mall, not the freedom to carry a gun.
Please work with your colleagues to turn those thoughts to something constructive — gun policy that could save lives. Please.
If we find out this man has been treated for a mental illness & legally bought those rifles shouldnt 45 be held liable?He rolled back 44 reg
It was like in his 1st or 2nd month he rolled back Obamas regulation on not selling weapons to the mentally ill. Gaslighting on the daily
Yes let's repeat that. GUN violence.
Your prayers aren't working for victims and inevitable future victims. We need policy NOW. Please?
And then what? What follows those prayers? At what point do our elected representatives begin actually doing something?
It's time to take on the @NRA !
Stop praying! Try to get through an empathetic public statement without mentioning the god who gave us the Great Flood, Sodom and Gomorrah.
