100 percent Yes!!!
13 men def got this.
#ThankYou, Senator, for your commitment to meaningful public process, a hallmark of a healthy democracy & necessary for its survival.
How can we get behind a senator who squanders his time in hearings to display his ignorance of executive privilege? Unbelievable, Pathetic!
I voted for no ironically
Proud of you
I'm the shitpost Twitter deserves
Shameful.  Too bad the Democratic Party is too disorganized to publicize this.
Why didn't the Democrats do this when they created it?  Funny how now it is important?
Democrats did...?
I would like to see the ins. On Pelosi, Obamas and Clinton's. Fair is fair good for Republicans good for libs.
Yes
Now might be a great time to discuss gun control
Who are the a$$hole 6% who think it's ok for 13 men to decide what I, and millions of other women,  need for our bodies?!?!
Just do your job you liberal hack. Get to work
They should have as many hearings as there were for Obamacare.
Hard to believe this question even has to be asked. #Transparency #ProtectOurCare #Bipartisanship
how is this even a question?? OF COURSE THEY SHOULD. Also would love to know what concrete actions you'll be taking to STOP THIS BILL
Absolutely. This is too important--too many lives at risk-to do in this cowardly, secretive way. A CBO score and floor debate, too
Every. Single. Time. My thumb hits the wrong answer.
Love the 13 MEN deciding this.
You need a "DUH" button. 
Of course!
Should the Dems passed the ACA before it was read??
When was the hearing on ACA? We have to pas the bill to find out what's in it, away from the fog. Seriously Senator?
There were FIFTY SEVEN open hearings before the vote on the ACA. FIFTY SEVEN. 57. Do you get That? FIFTY SEVEN!
Did you demand this for Obamacare? I was there and no you didn't! What a hypocrite you are!
How does it feel? maybe you have to pass it before you can read it
Pretty funny. And tragic.
Senator, what are the Dems doing to procedurally stop/slow down the health care legislation? You MUST do all you can!
The thing is, these norms are there to *help them*. By ignoring them, they are making it easier for them to pass a wildly unpopular...
...and substantively horrible law. They will pay the political price for that. It's too bad millions of people will lose healthcare, too
You make me proud to be Oregon raised.
@SenatorCantwell @SenJeffMerkley I live in both WA/OR. I demand the GOP hold hearings to discuss details of this secret #Trumpcarebill. 
Make those bastards publicly stand up and show the American people who they really are and the blood on their hands
It's shocking that Senate Republicans are violating our right to inclusion into creating the 'new' healthcare bill. Please speak out! Thanx
Just made my calls!
@w55unicorn Why have a hearing? Do Dems all of a sudden care about America?
Honestly, the lack of rigid structure in Senate proceedings has been enlightening. It's amazing how much of our government depends on...
...precedent and tradition. How are hearings not an immovable mandate? It's outrageous that this is even a matter to worry over.
sitting Dems should enthusiastically repeatedly come out and support single payer.
Demand it or grind everything to a halt!
This bill needs to be stopped!
 at Sen Wyden staffers who came up with option 3. 
Obviously they should, but if Senate Dems don’t do jutting to delay, there won’t be any hearings. DO SOMETHING!

@PattyMurray we're there hearings when Obamacare was passed w/no one reading it and with NO support from GOP? #disaster
No option to vote for We must pass it to see what itue bill contains?
Absolutely.  We, the public, deserve to know and comment on their plan.  They represent us; they don't dictate to us.
Rethugs are SO much better at public indignity than we are. We are much better at satire.
Hearing without Democrats. Political grandstanding
and Senate Dems should #WithholdConsent until then.
Yes
Are you going to withhold consent if they bring it to a vote without a hearing?
Why can't they be forced to release this bill? This should not be a GOP decision it should be bipartisan.
Why is this even a question?
No question. This is supposed to be a fair and balanced democracy!
went with option 3 because it's obviously sarcasm lol
yes they should, as a fellow Oregonian, please get them to act like grown ups too. it would help the cause greatly.
Why is that even a question?  #ridiculous

Can someone please explain the #AHCA bill to @karenhandel? #healthcare #GA06 #Flipthe6th 
https://twitter.com/HybridVigorUS/status/873984547339292672 …
a thousands times yes
#StopAHCA
