Why did we let this happen to our country?
Sessions is a human dinosaur in his behavior and thought. He belongs in a retirement home.
It seems to me his agenda should be focused on more important things than taking away rights of US citizens.
I agree.
If a person lives here, he or she is equally protected under our Constitution. It must be that simple. Anyone trying to subvert is a traitor
Yo u wouldn't know the first thing about treason.  A recognizable gender is what is at hand and is a mental health issue. Nothing else!
What about the civil rights of Palestinians.
Hopefully, after we get Trump out of office, we can repeal and replace everything rotten thing he has done to remove the laws the protect us
You need to be replaced
As Wyden pander for votes...hmmm
DOJ has gotten extremely selective about whose rights they protect. What can we do?
So much winning!! MAGA!!!
I am so dismayed at what is happening in America. It just keeps getting worse; trump seems determined to ruin everything. I feel hopeless
I will fight till I can't, take heart and know the majority are not with Trump or Sessions
Umm, must be nice to be so sanctimonious.
Execuse me but I identify as an attack helicopter, and you can’t do anything about it
What?
I literally hate this man! #SessionsIsARacist How involved was he with #TrumpRussia? #LOCKHIMUP
Lol, you do realize that it's been proven the reporting on #trumprussia is baseless, right?
Should we start sitting in the back of the bus?
Until people get angry, get fed up, get NOISY, we as a people are bound to these idiotic rulings.
This man is evil.
What right don't they have? They have the same rights as the rest of us.
Think God would be happy with his decision... transgender = mental illness
If that’s the case Sessions must have orchestrated it. Brainless is his forte...
ALL Citizens should have protection against discrimination in the Land of the Free. Ain't that what we Believe? #hypocrisy #Sessions #LGBTQ
Should read All Citizens Have Protection, which in no way suggest our fantasies be adhered to.  You're born with it.
Just wait til he finds out frodo threw his ring in the fires of Mt.doom
Sessions would probably love to just get rid of the Civil Rights Act altogether. That would make his racist heart's day...
I continue to believe that is what they are working towards
This is terrifying. Why is is so difficult to be decent to each other?
Jeff, is such an ass-hole.
Transgenders have ruined every country they provide in it an evil debaucale to force government to concede to their whims and falsified.
Heartless, sure. But definitely not brainless. If you have a brain, you take heart out of politics
Is there no one in this country who can stand up to them? They are turning America totally around froml the good country I live in.
Falls in line with every other action this administration has taken to dismantle 70 years of progress in social issues.
GET over it! What's man is man and what women is wonem

What is wrong with the Repubs? They are so very mean. And sessions is as vile as his boss. Turning America into a travesty.
yes they have rights but america does not have to make any special arrangements or building ext.... for them do we. They chose their life
Since WWII this is the first Administration to take away the civil rights of American citizens. I agree with @Lin_Manuel #straighttoHell
not to worry, jeff is gay. and probably in a secret love affair with mike pence. they are so perfect for each other!!!
What is w/these ppl? They r so all up in2 everybody else's business they can't smell their own stench.
Stop these people & their horrific agenda.
Yes, this is terrible. I am appalled.
Support Prez, INDITE Clinton, Comey, Rice, Lynch, Holder, Clapper, Brennan, Obama. Pursue past Adm crimes w/Sp Council☻
LEFT pushes FREAK behavoir. Even forcing us to accept "he-shes" in little girls b-rooms. Now SpCouncil for last  ADM
How do we go backwards???they want 1953 pre Brown v Board of Ed attitudes. When do they come for the rest of us
Exactly. We r our brothers & sisters keepers. They r our families, friends & coworkers. Who do holier than thou hypocrites think they r?

Sessions doesn't belong in law at all. He wants to live in 1930's America! Guess what, it's 2017, get with it Sessions.
Stokin' the Christian hate, yo
Civil rights belong to all Americans.
This is some funny shit coming from the Adam & Steve crowd.
I mean, like, I totally want to force someone to make a Nazi cake,  even if it goes against their values.  Because... socialism.
No, it's not!
I guess it's time to hear from the Supreme Court on the matter. Discrimination on any level is wrong.
So...I hope that anyone who didn't vote because 'they're all the same' has figured out a few things.
700,000 people
People who discriminate based on sexual orientation, in many cases, are hiding their own orientations that they refuse to acknowledge.
The evil Elf Eugenics freak strikes again. Bigot and a racist. He's a pawn of orange Satan .
Keep up the fight! If this current Administration & the BEYOND conservative agenda isn’t defeated, we’ll no longer even resemble AMERICA
We haven't resembled America in decades. If the liberal agenda isn't defeated, we'll no longer even BE America.
Well, heartless and brainless describes the Evil Elf pretty well.
This weasel. God I hate him. With every fiber of my being.
Thanks for standing up for all americans!
This man will undo anything and everything President Obama did. It’s his mission. He’s disturbed.
These bastards sre heartless hypocrites
He is an odious little mole isn't he?
These old men want to live in 1600!! Wake up people
What an awful petty little man.
Shocking
So full of hate and ignorance!
Democracy takes another hit, you would think the DOJ would want to protect rights of minorities but not in this fu..ed up Administration.
What a A## who## why don't just wear his white pointy hat lol
Sessions is a heartless racist SOB & will remain incompetent incapable to perform his duties on behalf of all US people #FireSessions
"Help Me, Obi-Wan Mueller 
      Your My Only Hope"
       America  
Your Senate confirmed him despite his perjuring himself. I support and respect you and your fellow Dem senators but you're not tough enough.
The cruelty of this Administration is nauseating. On a daily basis.
Sometimes it isn’t always about “you” and “your” people. Sometimes it’s about “we” as in “we the people”!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ron Wyden!
Only brainless thing here is protecting the hyper rights of lgbtq.
The republicans are in fact the ppl who need to get the hell out of the WH they a destroying this country
Racist bigoted fetal alcohol syndrome is not a good look for the evil Keebler elf
Good lord. 
Same reading comprehension problems his crew also has with 2A, inferring what’s not there or refusing to integrate what is.
No wonder “average” national IQ in US is “below average”. 98.8 last I looked.
100=average but > needed 4 adequate functioning.
What is happening to your country you really do have an administration of racist,bigots & anti gay backward Jack Asses running it..WOW
Yes
The party of Evil
Sessions should resign because he doesn't understand right and wrong. To quote the president "get him outta here!"
Why would he resign?  He’s getting done exactly what he wants. And nobody is there to stop him.
Because Sessions is a hick!
The world is going to shit
But why! Why is this so important if not just to be mean and ruthless? You cannot at it is religious. So what is it?
It keeps the religious fanatics  (evangelicals) happy. Religion=money/support for campaigns.
But it has no basis in any religion as far as I know.
HE IS such a CREEP!! He makes me SICK!! #LOCKHIMUP
how is this reversal even legal?
I think we'd be surprised by what the SCOTUS might say currently but the judiciary on whole has held the line against these violations
The reversal is legal b/c discrimination is already illegal.  Try reading the Constitution before pushkng false narratives
Pretty much sums up @jeffsessions in 2 words: heartless & brainless. Just like @realDonaldTrump. Can't wait to seem them in court @ACLU
Discrimination - the unjust or prejudicial treatment of different people or things, especially on the grounds of race, age, or sex.
In US more than anywhere else  we deal with multitude of cultures beliefs & yes, struggles. We therefore have no choice but to RISE to task.
Trans people literally get murdered in this country and this shit stain takes more protection from them. Why? Rhetorical.
Since when is it legal to kill a trans person?
Can you read English? Scott said nothing about it being "legal to kill a trans person."
Is anyone keeping track of all these travesties so they can be reversed when some semblance is sanity returns?
But they have a lot of courage to attack LGBQT!  Need to see the Wizard of Oz and get a heart and brain!
I agree
Pathetic. Jeff’s little head contains a little brain. Rodent sized.
Can't Congress enact or amend legislation to effectively void what Sessions did?
Sessions is the WORST. We really really need him to go!!!!
Great jeff! Keep it up! Enough of this political correct shit!
the 45Cult only want to be politically correct when Don the Con is called out for being a liar and ignoramus or the NFL protests violence
Just another example of the discriminatory policies of the corrupt Trump administration.
Disgusting...again!
Did you actually read all of the article....
Please tell me you're better than citing Buzztrash as a source.
What are you going to do about it? You know you're a member of Congress right? Less tweeting, more action!
This just shows us why a bigoted, homophobic Jeff Sessions should never have been AG of the US.
Now would be the time to encourage corporations to sign a pact that states they will not change their hiring practices.
Don't forget what we were told.
Can't we stop these guys. They're taking us back to the Middle Ages. I know you can't cure stupid, but maybe we can hold the status quo?
The Department of Injustice
The Trump administration sure knows how to make minorities feel warm and special
Please ask why Russia sanctions are not being implemented...he is STILL doing their bidding.
