Sounds impeachable to me
It's in his right to fire the FBI, just like nixon. Unfortunately there's little balance for the president, whose powers have grown recently
Not if the firing was to impede an active investigation, obstruction of justice is an impeachable offense
If we don't like a president we should concoct a conspiracy theory to have him thrown out of office. Love it. #America2017
Theory in the conspiratorial term has no fact, how do you explain flynn? Why did sessions lie? What about owing money to russian banks?
How is seeking the truth hurting it? He has said he welcomes it, yet refuses to authorize the funds to the FBI, and fires it's director.
There's is absolutely no evidence that Trump called Russia and said please hack Dems to dig up dirt to sway election. What's Russia's motiv?
Good interview....Trump must be held accountable for this circus. I am ashamed he is president.
@dianero87998084 @RonWyden @maddow gangster mentality in the White House is very scary
Russians strutting in our WH like they own the place thinking maybe they just might! Buddy buddy with tiny hands & Exxon Rex @RepAdamSchiff
Instead he may have instigated his own departure!
Testing our leg. Branches... this is very dangerous 4 our dwindling democracy.Headed towards a unrecognizable country if they aren't stopped
Liar... Liar... my hair is on fire liberal babble, and you guest it more
Enjoyed watching you and Rachel. Thank you for taking a stand for our democracy. Trump must go. Our country and freedoms are in the balance.
.@maddow stops clip early; In context, Trump only said he was thinking that it would *look* like firing #Comey was b/c of investigation
Comey goes back to Whitewater
My take is "obstruction of a federal criminal investigation," amounting to "a high crime or misdemeanor," thereby begging impeachment!
We'll see. Sit tight
Clearly @realDonaldTrump is unhinged and incompetent. Please get @gop to recognize he's putting nat sec at risk.
The information today, that Trump asked Comey to end Flynn probe is disturbing. Time to put politics aside and be an American! Tired of this
That's exactly what it sounded like. Glad you're on this!
Wyden I'm from Oregon.  Please help us make Greg Walden get out of Congress.  He embarrassed us being a "head" of Obamacare Repeal
#ImpeachTrump = @VP as president, Media and Dems, you might reconsider! LOL! @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson let's talk!
Just plain stupid. You're not performing your sworn duties. Impeach you Ron Wyden.
I'm voting out Ron Wyden at the first opportunity, he is a traitor and embarrassment to all Oregonians!
I figured then they can see what it's like for the women that he molested and harassed then the bitches can feel what that's like
More BS FROM OREGON
Ron why not look into the REAL Russian connection Clinton selling 20% our uranium TO RUSSIA FOR MORE NUKES.  Are DEMS covering for treason?
And that for personal profit donation to phony Foundation.

https://twitter.com/atleecs/status/863035537959120897 …
Jerk

NMP...enough is enough. Trump needs impeached.
Isn't the FBI DIRECTOR the cause trump for elected guess after being elected wasn't what he expected
You know & the American people know your fake Russia is not going any where. Why lie about it!
You and merkely need to pull your heads out of your ass's and get to work, by work, I don't mean obstructing everything! YOU WORK 4 US!
Block the trolls! Don't give them your twitter space
It's also time that you start following the bodies the Clintons broke too many laws for too long nobody is above the law including yourself!
Thank you for leading the way, Senator. #OregonProud
Follow the dead bodies?  OMG, U R so full of crap.  Any investigation will not die is Comey if gone. Grow up.
Well yeah and I didn't give him some these stupid ass women that are supporting him a hard time
So glad someone in congress is willing to tell it like it is! THANK YOU
The only solution to trump  is impeachment. Why are we waiting.
If @POTUS seeks to suppress the FBI and squash the Russian inquiry, then congressmen and the public need to demand accountability — louder.
ThX Sen Wyden! USA needs a hero right now been begging Gov for background of trumps business since 16 summer should of been done b4 he ran.
trumps own words. But he still may be lying. Why would he want the Russian  investigation to go away if he has nothing to hide? Hummm...
The Democrats are irrelevant, Thank God! Your slow walking and resistance to the current President is embarrassing. #ORcot
My thoughts:
#AmericaFirst
#TaxReform
#BuildWall
#StrongMilitary
#FixImmigration
#ReduceRegs
#2Amend
#Veterans
#ReduceDebt
#FairTrade
Dumb & Dumber =  A jump ball

Has Trump forced all his appointees to take a vow of loyalty to him instead of the US Constitution? @GCHQ https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/863089839561887744 …
Thank you for the concise interview w/Rachel @maddow last night. Glad you're on the committees you are...follow the money...(laundering)...
@realDonaldTrump 
Still using the Russian conspiracy to deflect attention from voting fraud in Oregon and our country Ron?
Trump is taping individuals who are investigating him????
Good interview, Ron. Glad you're my senator.
Wouldn't you agree that for our country to prosper senator, both parties should work together? Instead your party only undermines the other.
Our country is under attack from a #POTUS terrorist sitting in the Oval Office and a complicit #Congress! You work for people! #ImpeachTrump
Thank you, Sen. Wyden, 4 standing 4 the People!
@RonWyden now is making threatening twitters against a private citizen James Comey please tell me this is impeachable #impeachnow
Fake news, you guys Are a joke.... the investigation has been going on for 6 MO's, still no evidence, intelligence says there is nothing
Even his new mouthpiece Huckabee said that. She said they thought it would make the investigation go away
No investigations are going away, that's my take
Pilots in flight got bitten to sleep by a hydratroughic mosquito that virused splices, dices, & A-okay loopbacks to their Control Towers. 
Don't let bad bugs drive nation against nation, religion against religion, & space program against space program. It's good 2 ask questions.
This theory falls flat because the investigation has not "gone away".
Brilliant segment
I'd love to go where the facts lead. Please provide a single fact linking @realDonaldTrump to the Russians. I'll wait.
Thank you for your work! You were great on #TRMS last night.
@realDonaldTrump did the right thing #ComeyFiring . Why shouldn't govern officials b held at a higher standard.HRC should've been prosecuted
From Trump's own TF, he's threatening Comey with alleged "tapes" he made of their conversations to silence him
Thank you for staying up and being on air with these issues.
Thank you for your integrity, Senator. Persist.  We are very proud of you.
Trumps his own worst enemy. His words will come back to bite him. The sad thing is, most of these Republicans are LOYAL TO TRUMP & NOT US.
Both recommendations for sacking Comey were from people who had recused themselves from #TrumpRussia. He realised then took responsibility
well, that's a big bowl of duh
Comey was fired because the Asst AG recommended Comey be fired.
Not only fired him but the way he was fired was filled with malice and revenge#trumpalwaystakesrevenge
Ya, you think!
Trump trying to stop investigation by firing Comey. Maybe he doesn't want his taxes subpoenaed. Something in there.
Not even close, liberal lies, true party of hatred
#Trumprussia #russiagate #DontheCon #ConManTrump #IndependentInvestigation
Obstruction of justice.  Nice work and thank you.  #ImpeachNow
Does this meet the criteria for obstruction of justice?
That's  all
lock up above !  Trump thinks he's above the law! Enough!!!
Why can't you go away?
fake news, is any news with maddow connected to it
Watched last night. Great interview! Thank you congressman!
Uh-oh, that's the first time I've heard of the @CIA being suspect. Stonewalling on providing info, downplaying #Yates's #Flynn warning.
Thank You ! Watched you on Maddow tonight!  I live in WA St.  Looks like all roads lead to Russia!  Follow the Money!!!! #ImpeachTrump
Keep on trail of the traitors. Thanks for being my Senator
Hang in their Senator Wyden--you seem tired, and rightfully so. Get some good rest.  Then, talk to us about what the hell is going in Wash.
Maybe he should move back to Oregon.
Not true, Trump stated investigation will continue but it is not Trump who is being investigated, liberals twist evrything
I'm proud you are representing Oregon!  Thank you for standing up to this administration and fighting for what is right!
You made clear points
Oh!  It was on Rachel Maddow?  Must be credible then.  Tell me more about Venezuela credible people.
Potus said that firing wld stop r impede ANY investigation? @maaddow, do you realize the trump hate is wearing on ur face?
Was enlightened w/the info tht you provided on show...others hv said, 'Follow the money' & it mkes sense w/Trump, it wld be his businesses!
Don't let it go away. Intensify it! Start freezing some assets & locking ppl up & they will talk. Time 2 put Trump & assoc on notice!
Great seeing you tonight on Rachel!
Watched with great interest. Your take was bang on. The next 72 hours will be interesting.
We need to get to the bottom of the Democrats corruption Obama spying and prosecute Hillary over her emails no justice no peace
Thank you Mr. Wyden .
Watched you today and loved your questions!  Please get docs from Criminal Division of Treasury - WE ALL know it's a dirty money trail 
Lies.  Do you even know what it means to tell the truth?
so he reads tweets, nothing to it
It doesn't matter what it "looks like" to you. What matters is evidence/proof. Where is that Senator?
Come on Ron your smarter than that.
He continues to pour gas on the fires he starts. This one could turn into an out of control wildfire with Santa Ana winds.
Well I don`t know about you, but this is sounding better and better to me...Trump has not got away free from questions, yet.
Government works better without you.
Really.  No kidding.  Duh.  No shit Sherlock.  Any other cliches I can use?  #TrumpRussia #TrumpTreason
You da Man
When I say follow the bodies, I usually mean it figuratively, but in this case it's a crime scene...
SAD that Congress/Media are so caught up in "Get Trump" that they have no time for the Peoples business and improving the Quality of Life.
A "Blind" person can see that!
That is exactly what I interpreted,  is Donald Trump dumb or what?
You are a fool and an embarrassment.
Thank you, Senator @RonWyden! Please keep up the good work. The truth will out.
Thanks for pushing this.Rachels been covering shady deals with questionable ppl as have others. Follow the   That's what he would protect
Or worse, because he is famous more than trump :)
Sessions has no damn business making any decisions even remotely related to these investigstions. He violated his recusal & should step down
Thank you for your diligence and leadership on this @RonWyden
THANKS, you were terrific!!
And it's still there, what a character, Maybe he should go away
Am I the only one who heard @RonWyden say"follow the (actual) DEAD BODIES"? He was not speaking metaphorically. How is this not followed up?
Please stay strong senator! You R one of the brave that will land on the right side of history & justice! Thank you!
#Independ_Investigation
Sure does.  I believe he cost HRC the election. But showboating? Hardly.
Why lie to viewers? Report all facts please. A hearing was today w/interim FBI Dir. Sen Grassley & Feinstein said Trump not investigated
While I think the WH and Sarah Sanders are disingenuous, they did not say that they want to end the investigation. Her words were....
"We want it to be completed with integrity." Their justification (if we chose to believe it) is that they want it completed and done right.
Therefore, trying to hang them on their own words in this instance is misleading when you include only part of a quote or clip. Listen to...
the whole interview or press briefing. We can read between the lines, but their actual words do not "prove" our assertions. Be cautious!
I know that much of your audience (including myself) are anxious to get to the bottom of the investigations (and poss. impeachment) but...
please don't edit video clips just to prove your story. In this instance, you did a disservice to what they actually said. We can only get..
them if we rely on facts. Let's focus on next steps. Didn't u say we should watch them like a silent movie? Press on with investigation!
Did you even bother w/McCabe testimony today? Russia investigation cont no one has tried to interfere from WH, no request for  ext/resources
GOP is complicit if they continue to support tRump. Impeach tRump now for Obstruction, remove Sessions & launch independent investigation.
This is ridiculous. Because firing Comey makes nothing go away. #removeyourtinfoilhat
Delusional is the only word to describe you. WH took steps to ensure INTEGRITY to the Russia investigation. @MSNBC
Have to agree
Come on @GOP the gig is up! Defending this behavior will only mean you go down with him. Time to make it stop!! 
@RonWyden @maddow
Just like" I am not a crook".
His handlers must fucking hate him, why else would they ok this interview? He literally went on tv and gleefully admitted obstruction.
That is what I got out of his interview
What concerned me equally is CIA Pompeo.  This loyalty thing - I can totally see this guy having no problem with such a pledge.
You make no sense. Your statement only proves that your logic is flawed and you are reaching.
Absolutely-Trump's own words. Sorry all you guys that spewed his lies. Crawl out from under that bus...
And if Russia-Trump connection was "bogus" does that mean he talked to Flynn abt what he knew? Manafort? Page? Stone? How did Trump know?
False. I listened to every word. This is not true. Shame on you.
Your ignorance is mind blowing. Comey doesn't work cases. He reviews them. His dismissal will not change ongoing investigations.
Does anyone else watch what Trump is doing & think—"Did he not watch A Few Good Men…or does he just not get how they got Jessup?" #trumpgate
hahahaha I think it's going to come down on your hero Hillary!
Sources: 
The answer to the Trump / Russian connection is in his finances.
and "i think you look like" a demagogue ..can't prove it any more than this tweet which is about equal to your 9 months of "investigation"
THANK YOU for continuing to follow up on this. Don't stop! #trumprussia #fakepres
Proud to have you as my senator- keep up the good work - this needs to get resolved ASAP
Obstruction of justice 101
Obstruction of justice, in United States refers to the crime of obstructing prosecutors or other (usually government) officials.
It's called 'obstruction of justice'.  A crime.
you dont have a take any more ,after not standing with senors,disabed,metal ill suffering from med cuts in or.many have dyed,shame on u
Ron the American people are mostly too stupid to make this connection.
Funny how McCabe said regardless the investigation surrounding @realDonaldTrump surrogates not him personally mind u is continuing unimpeded
There was zero reason fro Comey to ask for his job- he had a 10 year term Trump wanted him to stop investigating Comey said no
Thank you @RonWyden and #profmaddow @maddow for continuing to beat the drum. #followthemoney
Why always stuff like, "looks like"? Why never "is"? It's odd.
Because until they have evidence, stating it as fact could get them sued by President Crybaby for slander.
Haha.
Waiting for the show on TV to air again in... an hour?
Proud to be an Oregonian!!! Go get em Ron!!!
I feel exactly the same way I'm proud of both our senators.
Beyond proud to live in Oregon and have @RonWyden  fighting the good fight, thank you as usual @maddow you are the best in this crazy time
Thank you Sen. Wyden. You and Sen. Merkley are making OREGON proud.
Yeah. It "looks like".
Doesn't that sounds like he's admitting to obstructing justice?
Agree......... please tell me it can't be that easy! PLEASE

#ChristianRight white nationalists worship Putin as new Jesus-explains #DeepState hitek MINDPUPPETING of Trump-jrno http://viclivingston.blogspot.com/2011/12/u.html 
Like that's gonna happen.
We must have an independent investigation.  NOW!
Well he was alone with Russian in the Oval office they probably covered it up pos I cannot believe that would go
No each had a reporter ...
They each had a reporter?
That was asked during the daily press conference Thursday or Wednesday.
Yeah I was told that I wonder if everyone is going to tweet this
Proud to have you representing us, Sir.
I watched and you are on the right track! @funder  and @Khanoisseur has a lot of info you may want.
Dear Sen it is time for bringing the Senate to a halt. Everyday the Dictator is allowed to stay is another dagger to the heart if democracy
Like your post! We would like to invite you to see a cartoon about Trump.
Obstruction of justice is an impeachable offense.
Please don't let them get away with this. The American people deserve answers, and an administration not beholden to Russia. #TrumpRussia
Thanks to both of you for bringing visibility to this #TrumpRussia nightmare!
You're exactly right. Without Rachel I'd have no clue what is going on.
Follow the " DEAD BODIES" ??????
Re: Steele Dossier and dead Russians over the past several months.
Think you can delete the "it looks like" from this one. #IndependentInvestigation #SpecialProsecutor
Excellent job Senator!!!
CNBC and you Ron are fake news
