Trump says he will testify under oath about what he told Comey about Flynn https://usat.ly/2smDyY6  
He would donate his salary to charity. Did this happen yet?
He donated it by handing the check to the Dept of the Interior, the day after he slashed their budget by millions. It was horrifying.
Thank you for letting me know. That is horrible. He spit in their faces essentially.
EXACTLY.
At this point, a promise from Donald Trump has all the credibility of a Nigerian letter.
So it will be perjury or admission of obstruction.
Trump is a pathological liar; I don't believe a word the man says unless it is confirmed by at least two others! #NotMyPresident
Call him to do it!!!

So Ron- ashamed of yourself for the false rumors about Russia and Trump? You should be! Stop the witch hunt and get to work for Oregon!
Obama's Illegal electronic surveillance and unmasking of it, happened. You live in New York, Not #Oregon. ISIS is Dying as I type this.
You don't think he's lying do you?
Stop harassing the POTUS and go to work for the state that voted for you! You work for us remember? No more votes for you! I'm done!
@realDonaldTrump is so full of BullPucky that if he says yes, bet no; if he says hot, put on a coat; if he says sunny, take an umbrella.
Shows DT is unfit for the office. NMP!
Lol... Sad little liar
Sir, you used to be my senator. Now I get to listen to the #fakepatriot @SenJohnMcCain
a lot if sheep here  
Obama's Birth certificate, the size of the crowd at the inauguration, large scale voter fraud,  Obama founded ISIS the list goes on.
Addition: investigating those "3 million illegal votes". Yeah, sure.
Then can't you or Congress be the one to say to this @POTUS - YOU'RE FIRED!?? Why shud this get preferential treatment when it's TREASON?
Go get em Ron #RonWydenforPresident
Obama's "real" Kenyan birth certificate
Please oh please oh please oh please get him under oath - then just ask what he had for breakfast. It will be a lie, we can lock him up.
Health care better than Obamacare that would cover everybody
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/senate-republicans-obamacare-repeal_us_593ac192e4b0c5a35c9ec822?ncid=inblnkushpmg00000009 … focus on drawing attention to this
Let we forget, Melanie's big press conference.#covfefe
@realDonaldTrump Seriously, what is a "promise" from Drumpf even worth? Zero. Zilch, Bupkes. Nada. Zip.
no need for POTUS to testify. american ppl know dc dems are 100% corrupt, incompetent, fascist, socialist, partisan politicians
Don't forget @POTUS44 birth certificate oh and how he will faithfully serve our country
This guys spouts so much BS you need hip waders to follow.
Well my God, he got votes for saying he'd prosecute HRC!! DTs no more than a conning, manipulating liar. This is our countries President!
The orange man has no idea how to solve the simplest problem
 He certainly cannot deliver anything other than lies & BS
I wouldn't bet on this happening. How about Melania's immigration papers? Her anti-bullying campaign? Etc, etc, etc.....
Oregon used to be a decent state, I guess that was before you.Obama did do a lot of things wrong the Dem. just did not  talk about it
Keep pointing that out to get through some thick skulls.
He's just making it worse.
I hope he does testify under oath. Another case to impeach this guy. Every day something else comes up that clearly...
He's such a liar. Thank you for standing up to him.

Sure wish you would work to represent Oregon not @TheDemocrats! Solar energy, lower taxes, reduced government spending. . .  @gop
When Trump says that that will be "the highest ratings ever" he will have finally have told the truth.
Also claimed he sent "his people" to Hawaii 2 investigate Obama & they were finding unbelievable things about him. Never saw that either
@MerrillLynched lets not forget this one.
Senator, you forgot Pres Obama's birth certificate!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Etc, etc, etc  "you will have it in a very short period of time".Trump talking point #765
The Bullsh## Tangerine keeps on breaking promise s. @realDonaldTrump be a Patriot and leave.
Thank you, Senator Wyden, for all you do for us!
Prosecute all those lying women, Mexico would pay for the wall, appoint a special prosecutor to lock Hillary up... Make America Great Again
You forgot an infrastructure plan, nobody loses their healthcare, nobody loses their social security.
He will lie under oath or refuse to answer.
No he won’t, no way.  Trump knows that Comey told the truth.
Senator, what can we do to get the impeachment process started?  This is way out of control.
Lots of loser #libtard #buthurt now that you had your ass handed to you over your fake Russian scandal.
No witnesses...so no problem lying under oath.
Show his tax returns if President.
Onama's birth certificate. Melania's upcoming speech.
News flash: he's a liar& its about time congress&msm start calling it like it is.Is it because he'll lose credibility? Too late 4that now!
CNN is in a declared war on Trump, to the point that they're spewing outright lies. 100% incorrect 100% of the time.
FROM DEMOCRATS FOR TRUMP.
Let him do it in a deposition and not in congressional setting! Republicans would never pursue perjury charges but Mueller would!
it's okay trump, we just need the tapes.
Infrastructure Plan. Still waiting on that.
Yes, under oath, with a polygraph
Trump would lie so much the polygraph would break
And he's going to release the "Comey tapes" in the near future and we're going to be disappointed.
Get him out Trump is a danger to the world
He cannot be trusted.

Forgot about when he told us what Nunes secret outing was about and why it (also) vindicated him. So much vindicating, I guess.
About as much vindicating as winning.
Trump lies. For him, testifying under oath is no different than tweeting nonsense at 3AM. Don't take the bait! .@SenJeffMerkley
Melania's immigration papers
Start with the damn PIs in Hawaii looking into BHO birth...
Thank you for calling him out. You should have his lies and promises on one of Congresses big charts and display it in the Capitol.
Wasn't he gonna find Obama's birth certificate too?!And lock up Hillary? Oh, and act presidential? Not batting too good a game so far. 
Yeah and I'm sure he will tell the truth right???? Hahaha the man doesn't know what the truth is..
The truth? He can't handle the truth!!!!
He also was going to give up golf and Twitter as president
Don’t forget his reliable sources working away in Hawaii about to break the big birth cerficate scandal.
...Melania's immigration status.
so you're saying don't hold my breath? Since he can't speak w/out lying, it is why him under oath is so exciting.
AND: 
His lawsuit against the NYT and the women who accused him of sexual assault.
Proof Obama was born in Kenya
Charitable donations
