Except Senator Wyden. Oregon does not use them. Why do you have any Say?
#DoYourJob
#RecallWyden
Oh look at you. No argument just attack. Well there is no proof that any vote was changed. Yet I bet you support Illegal aliens voting.
I'm not sure what argument "we should have some confidence in the mechanism of democracy" requires. Who contends that?
((You disgusting political hack, brainwashed democracy hating lapdog. Grow a god damned brain cell))
How about you grow up and realize that not everyone is a good person. Or did you loose your balls when you joined the Democrats?
Making sure the machines of democracy are safe from not good people is why I'm here. An obviously important, relevant measure today.
We can disagree about other points but this should be common sense, & is long overdue.
Some context that I don't think most people know- there's huge evidence many voting machines are insecure.
Bad apples like AVS WinVote took years to be identified as critically faulty & insecure, & removed,
& that's not good enough. I'm glad Senator @RonWyden is investigating, but America should be even more vigilant safeguarding democracy.
I'm so glad to see some investigation beyond the political, into buttressing our sovereign nation's democracy. Thank you thank you thank you
Russia Russia Russia. Sucks not having a real agenda doesn't it?
Bot bot bot. Sucks to always be a slave to a hidden agenda doesn't it Gayle?
Ahhhh poor snowflake, did you get triggered? LMAO.
Ahhhh poor Putin, did you get triggered? LMAO.

Thank you Sir! Keep up the good work! You are appreciated!
Poor looser! Do something that counts
Want secure voting how about paper ballets w/voter ID. Even Mexico and many other western nations have it.
Even anonymous numbered voter  ballots with a system we could crosscheck by computer might work.
Why not a voter ID? We have to have an ID to drive, cash a check, check in to s motel, catch a plane, and to renew my license I show my BC.
None really.Would be nice to have a number enabling us to check back on a computer to ensure vote was counted.
Simular to the Texas voting laws that the Dem vote administrator didn't follow.
We don't use voting machines in Oregon Ron it is all mail in.  Thinking there are some Oregon isssues your time would be better spent on.
Did you write it or did you collude with someone with a brain.
Thank you Senator Wyden. We need traction on this before 2018.  #unhackthevote
We need to #AuditTheVote after every election.
Witch hunt widen what about Clinton and Lynch
Thank you hero! Please Americans, this is OUR COUNTRY, WE THE PEOPLE. We need #handcounted #paperballots to secure OUR VOTE. #unhackthevote
Paper ballots, paper ballots, paper ballots - now and until such time when electronic machines are hack-proof (probably never).
oh boy...a letter
Computer voting machines really, you put that in there with election hacking. Russia didn't hack the election but DHS under Obama did.
wyden
If what Democrats say is true, there is no voter fraud, why are you investigating voting machines? #notMySenator #liberalsAreNuts
Why don’t we just ban voting machines and go back to good old fashioned ballots
Yes, way to go Ron Wyden!
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
Thank you for working so hard on our behalf! I'm proud of my Senator!
lets get all illegals out of oregon and the us.
Appreciate all of your good work over the years. I think the only way to secure voting in the U.S. is through a physical paper process.
Thank you @ronwyden.  Continue the fight to #unhackthevote
Thank you - this is a key issue. Hold them all accountable - paper ballots at every precinct is the best backup and strict regs to access.
The implications in mentioning "some states chafe at the prospect of losing local control of their elections systems." shocking. @jennycohn1

Trying to speak some truth to my small rural hunting community and got this thrown back at me of fb today. My voice just drowns out. https://twitter.com/VviewSsonicMair/status/915962986191130624 …
*on
Thanks to Sen. Wyden. We must follow up on this, it is critical.
What proof do you have on the contrary?
Time to crack down in the cheating.
As a crook, ya think they listened to you?  That false narrative u gave them must have been a humdinger.
Don’t stop, Senator. Write. Visit. Email. Pursue.
How about a recountable paper voting record be mandatory & allow people to check their own vote.
Thank you.  This is absolutely crucial.
Thank you! So glad someone with influence is taking this issue seriously! I'm proud to call you my senator.
Thank you, senator!
THANK YOU.

Time for paper ballots and humans to count them.  So what if we don't have results before polling places close!
@RonWyden I would like to see legislation introduced so that all states have paper ballots, like Oregon does.
anti american anti business anti constitution party becuase most democrat move to far left for most americans liken and refue to vote dem.
to secure election those citizen can id for free and democrat like because know they cheat and don't admit because know that be end of their
Yes election must protect we need to pass voter id laws as democrat can not win without cheat fact and be proven more and more by day. 
Time
Write to Hillary and ask why she stole the election from Bernie..then write Bernie why no objection @saneprogressive @cynthiamckinney
Thank you Senator Wyden!
Pen and paper and voter IDs.  Then we only need honest people to count the votes.
Please push for Open Source voting technology. The entire process MUST be transparent, including the code.
So this is how 1/2 of the SS# were compromised?
Sounds like lowlifes were to rip our people off not change the outcome of the election.
Thank you Senator Wyden! Without honest elections, democracy is lost. #unhackthevote
Long overdue!
Thanks, Ron! 
Oregon is proud of you!
Let's toss the machines. Paper ballots and hand counting with lots of people watching is the way to go.
Simple solution: Do Not Put Voting Machines on the internet period. Now Senator get back to work fixing the ACA.
Unfortunately that is not the solution. Check out @mikefarb1 #unhackthevote
It may not prevent all tampering it will prevent remote. Good old Paper Ballots are best.
We need a paper trail so I'm thinking optical scanners may be one way to go.
Thank you & please follow up.
Please, don't buy into a single word from Dominion Voting Systems, a company w/ a most "remarkable" history that requires thorough research.
So what if an election take s few days to resolve - easy solution is manual ballet counting until we implement a hack-proof embedded system.
the " old fashioned " paper ballots were hack proof and you got a receipt for how you voted.  A simple solution that is also cost effective
And we WILL save those receipts!
he'll be elected again in 2020 easily
Trump was elected by the people STOP already
thank you for your leadership
I think if you get "we steal secrets budget" you want cyber to be sorta HUMINT-y
