You need to put him in jail. Investigate NOW! Do your JOB!
He didn't give a "false statement". He was asked if he had any contact as a Trump surrogate. @gatorboy
He was asked what he would DO given the reports of the Trump campaign being in contact w/ Russia. He lied.
His "reaction" IS what he would DO. He was a Trump campaign surrogate. Denied knowledge of comm w/ Russia.
With foreign diplomats, it's their job.
Then... why did he deny knowledge of "doing his job"?  Because he didn't want anyone to know!
The conversation was clearly in the context of the CAMPAIGN not as his job as a Senator.
Convo was clearly in context asking 1)HIS awareness of report 2) actions as Atty Gen given the report. He denied knowledge, lied
we need Session's resignation. Perjury has serious consequences.
or media can pick off dirty cabinet  (pruitt, Ross) and incompetent choices(DeVos, Perry) one by one. Embarrassment
You are the one making up stories.  You have been in Washington DC too long and know only how to obstruct.
Even if you want to pretend this is fake, Wyden is not the one who made it up.
no pretending
So you admit that Sessions and Flynn illegally lied about their contact with Russia during Trump's campaign?
Question?? .. How many times in your capacity as a US Senator have you met w/ foreign officials? .. (remember this is public record)
I agree.
make it happen!!!!
Why are the Liberal Dems so afraid of Sen Jeff Sessions as AG? Too petty! Come out of this frustration of defeat, & join to #MAGA
prove it out shut up.
HOW ABOUT AN INVESTIGATION ON DEMOCRATS TOO. AND OBAMA'S SHADOW GOVT AND AG SLUSH FUND UNDER LYNCH AND OBAMA. AND IRAN BILLIONS.
ya, but what about Keith Ellis ties to ISIS??? Oh, you won't because he is a Democratic. DOUBLE STANDARDS
Stop your lies! Session didn't do anything unusual unlike Obamas justice funneling $$ won against banks & VW to left wing causes
I say investigate how Dems have enriched themselves being in Congress for decades! Term limits are coming 
Well that must mean that u have been drinking Obama's lool aide for years! Wake up loser!
You should resign.
Please ask for Sessions to resign. Without laws, we are not a nation. Truth matters
you need to go brush you teeth.  The comb you hair like a big boy and move on. The election is over the real one to get is Hillary
never stop saying this.
Glad you're pushing for this! You'll have my vote again.
Hear! Hear!
I got news for you why sessions ain't going anywhere who should resign is both chambers minority leaders they are a disgrace
AG Sessions must be investigated, not overseeing the investigation.  Possible perjury as part of a coverup is damning.
Jeff Sessions is the Attorney General and lied to Congress under Oath - he needs to resign.
he was asked in the context of the campaign -- not in his official capacity as a senator -- seriously.
And... he was a top campaigner for Trump, a EARLY supporter and Trump surrogate, which he said himself.
ask for his resignation-anything less is unthinkable
... we need to investigate any official who lies!! Get ready for a lot of investigations.
He outright lied and was caught in it, in the least it is perjury before congress, at worst it's treasonous behavior.
False statements are called lies Ron. Get your act together.
yes thank you. Your phone voice mail was full last night. I hope over this issue.
Ron I realize you guys needed attention losing over 1k seats during Obama - you should ask yourself why Eric Holder pled the 5th
It wasn't false testimony bc Al Franklin ask did you have any contacts with Russians for Trump campaign? It was his job as Senator
Just because you wish it to be does not mean it is. You are fishing, quit and do your job for all people of OREGON.
Sessions must resign, period
You Dem's can't get anything done because all you do is stall and calling for investigate things
@TheDemCoalition he needs to Resign! Untrustworthy!
you are a joke. A sad sad joke.
bogus story! #Jointsession #MAGA
no this is just another plot to derail Trump no resigning
no, we need you to investigate the Awans and their Islamic infiltration of Congress.
Ron, focus on Oregon, please, we need single payer, like now!?
Did you investigate Obama's greater flexibility when Russia took Crimea and eastern Ukraine? Shame on you.
Ron, give it up
This witch hunt is disgraceful! Meeting with ambassador was part of his job. Trying to connect this to hacking is ridiculous.
And a prosecutor for Sessions! He committed perjury to Congress! Come on, Dems! You know what the Republicans would do!
how about false about false! Ron you should resign and not be trusted!
Call them lies.
- spend more time making Oregon better - that's what we hired you for! I'm regretting ever voting for you every minute, every time
I thought it was OK for members of government to lie under oath to Congress. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=AGYn7ER5U_0 … 
@TheDemCoalition special counsels are why these people never get prosecuted. He's a traitor. Lock him up on the spot.
i am absolutely discussed by your behavior. I have never voted for you, never will.
TRUMP LIES, SESSION LIES.  Seems like we should demand our Attorney General to be truthful to the American people.Special Counsel!
what is he or they lying about? Do you have proof of this other than your left media outlets?
without question.
AFTER Sessions resigns.
he needs to resign or be terminated immediately.
Thank You Ron, my Oregon reps are making us proud!!
independent bipartisan commission please! And thank you! Never back down
Nice try, Ron old pal, but we need to PROSECUTE SESSIONS FOR PERJURY! Oops, silly me, forgot, Senate Boys Club. Don't "persist."
come on Ron, you're better than this get up out of the mud and do something for the people Oregon like better jobs and education
pls call 4 Sessions to resign.
How about he resign immediately, too????
what false statements? He met with them as senator.  Not part of campaign.  Do u know the diff?
Thank you Senator Wyden. Keep pushing for transparency.
.@RonWyden Lay the wood to them, the Oregon way!
will YOU please resign? You are childish, obstructionist and pander to to lowest of Oregonians. #notmysenator
Always room for one more investigation with this admin
he must resign!
make it happen. Please.
dead horse being beat. 67% approval rating compared to your 4 counties
calling for Session's resignation for lying under oath.
and an investigation of Sessions, no? Ask Sen Harris what she thinks on the matter of AG who is demonstrated liar.
you will nit pick every little thing. Even there is legitimacy here you have ruined ur reputation by attacking anything Trump.
Again, you're a lawyer? Maybe a crappy one, or just a liar. Or do you have proof he talked "about the 2016 election" as asked?
I didn't think so. Liar it is, liar.
it's called perjury or lies. #SessionsLied  #SessionsRussia
Maybe you will get it only when the public rises ip and says enough. I'm saying it right now: ENOUGH.
Agree and Sessions needs to resign.
Thank you, Senator @RonWyden. Trump cohort's ties to Russia grows everyday as we learn of more lies and obfuscations by them.
Yes!
he needs to resign
Yes!
you are ridiculous for obsessive pursuit of Russia conspiracy..give it a rest, you look like more and more of a joke every day-SAD
He needs to not only recuse himself, he needs to resign. He lied.
Squirrel !!!
no, Senator, we really don't. What we need is for YOU to do your damn job & stop grandstanding.
I strongly agree! What the heck is going on with Russia? --your constituent
.@RonWyden #perjury #SessionsResignNOW
kiss off
He lied under oath to Congress for the position of A.G. of the US. He must go now.
<-You and your pathetic party are going no where. You control nothing & Dems will never control either chamber of Congress again.
@Resistancemem5 we HAVE needed it. maybe now they will actually DO it
Oh come on...the USA has interfered in elections worldwide...an awful lot of squawking as our chickens come home to roost!
we need them regardless of the AG's statements.
Russia didn't have a thing to do with Trump becoming President 8 years of bad policies by Obama did! Wake up or stay childish 
Let's investigate all of you!
so why tell us? u the politician. you and your buddies need to get to work and get rid of this abomination.  we are waiting...
You and Dems are pathetic - stop trying to hurt our country! Lost any confidence in Democrats working with Republicans 
please cite the false statements to which u refer & provide proof that those statements r false. @SpecialReport
More FAKE news...You people just don't know when to STOP...smh
They ARE ALL CONNECTED! That's why we didn't understand any of the picks! They are ALL #WhiteNationalists and connected to Russia!
@mattersofmind sir you need to support others in calling for his immediately resignation .thank you
@CruzWhobris we need a investigation into every one in the white house
if only they'd have done that to the Repubs during Obama yrs we'd be in a better position today!
Holder lied for years in regards to Fast and Furious. Where was your outrage then?
he needs to resign
he met while on Armed Services Committee w/ many ambassadors doing his job. Not as part of Trump campaign. Just stop
then he should have said so..
the question was did he have contact with Russians while advising Trump campaign.
he was advising the campaign in September when he met with the ambassador
he was on the Armed Services Committee doing his job, not campaigning.also met w/ many other foreign ambassadors. #witchhunt

No one else on the Senate Armed Services Committee said they met with Kislyak last year. 
You have got to be the most pathetic member of Congress brah.  We've all seen Alinsky's Rules for Radicals...get a new trick dope.
. he meet with 25 ambassadors Ronnny
And while you're at it....investigate Obama's statement when he thought his mic was off. Hypocrite!
Ron, your sure starting a bunch of nothing.
@cindya_gonzalez more cowbell
This contact was in the context of being on the Armed Services Committee as a Senator. @gatorboy
Flynn was not in trouble for talking to Russians. Was in trouble for LYING about what the conversation was about. @RonWyden
and Sessions needs to go to jail? Or at least get fired.
but u sat by as Holder and Lynch committed crimes ! Ok. Hypocrite.
not false at all
Thanks for all you do! Proud to have you as a representative.
He needs to resign!
Thank you Senator.
#SessionsMustResign
Yes.  But also, he perjured himself as a sitting Senator. That needs to be addressed separately. Different special prosecutor.
he lied under oath. Session needs to resign.
Agreed. Many false statements and denials despite 17 Intel agencies stating otherwise. #InvestigateTrump
why do you protect these guys? He knows he lied. He's a former prosecutor. Quit being weak!
Perjury is a crime! Time for the Russian Operative to resign. Why is he appointing more of them? All with Russia ties need to go!
Shut up-Sanctuary State supporter-I would like 2 have ur Federal Funds-annual $174K stipend- revoked until further notice
...And a new AG.
Lies.
I'm sorry, but I won't comment on Comrade Sessions until tomorrow.
but first, we need AG Sessions resignation.
I agree. Do you believe his false statements warrant a call for his resignation?
I believe Mr Sessions needs to resign
great idea Senator. BTW have given any mor thought to actually raising your family in the beautiful State of Oregon? OES soccer #1
are Oregon's schools NOT GOOD ENOUGH for you children or NOT SAFE ENOUGH for your children? Your actions mute your words Senator.
how can you be so calm????
The "Top Cop" cannot LIE to the American People. He is not above the law. He must #resign. #SessionsMustGo
You're talking about Hillary and Obama, right?
he lied under oath. aren't there repercussions for that? @RonWyden
yes, Senator, we do
and AG must step down
if he lied under oath, he needs to resign
The people demand it!
Actually a hand full of libs r squawking about it, that's all
please push for this and don't back down. We must know the truth.
say lies please.
Yes please!!!
