Thank you for having Oregon's back!  We appreciate all you do for us.
He has Portland's back, not Oregon.
And most Oregonians know what Portland is all about these days. 

#DrainTheSewer #MAGA
You can move too
Yes. As a conservative being completely ignored in Oregon, I should move. Good plan.  In other words I should just shut up?
What do you suggest other than single payer..?  Just whining does not fix ACA which is broken no matter how you deny it.
thanks for being our voice.  we are behind you all the way.
THANK YOU for everything you do. You and @SenJeffMerkley are two of the reasons I get any sleep at night.
Please stop this dictatorship!
This is why we move to pdx. Well this and the beer and bikes.
Thank you for resisting the trump-Republican agenda!
Thanks for all you do Senator!
Thank you Ron Wyden and Jeff Merkly for fighting for what's right.
Gratitude from Indiana, Senator! Keep it up!
Wow! You are one awesome senator!
I so wish there were more like you.
Please keep up the good work.
Thank you, thank you, thank you 
Thanks for your honesty and fight here. 
@SenWyden_GSPP
Single payer amendment.
Shame on the republicans.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU. You and @SenJeffMerkley have so much integrity and are so appreciated.
Thank you Senator Wyden. As your constituent, I couldn't be more proud of you.
Thank you Ron Wyden for fighting hard for we your constituents!!
screw you Ron and @katebrown! You're RUINING Oregon! #ImpeachRonWyden
Thanks for your leadership. We are so close and anyway DC is lovely in the summer time
Humid!
Thank you for your voice, your courage and your willingness to stand up for Oregon.
THANK YOU!
We see you fighting. Thank you.
Thank you!  So grateful that you are there fighting for us. #OregonLove #proud
Thank you Senator Wyden for "taking off the gloves" and continuing to fight the good fight.  We have your back!
You are a true treasure!  Thank you for fighting for us.  Proud you are in my corner.
I appreciate all you do proud to be an Oregonian represented by you
Stay strong and thanks for fighting!! I am proud of @SenateDems!
Replace and Repeal!
You and @SenJeffMerkley are doing great! Thank you
Thank you Senator Wyden. I am grateful for your representation.
Thank you for all you do! I am so grateful that you are keeping up the good fight.
Read my tweets Senator.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP do not pass your 'skinny' healthcare.  People need healthcare.  Humans need healthy lives.  STOP.
Thank you, Senator. I cannot imagine what it must be like for you, having to sit in the same chamber as some of these partisan fools. 
No we can't, but you can't go with war-criminals Feinstein, Clinton, etc - we know @ the usual suspects (Bush, Cheney), U must focus on coup
We will not relent! @NAMICommunicate @NAMIAdvocacy
Thank you @RonWyden
Keep up the good work
Thank you for your service and persistence.
You are a well-needed glimmer of hope in Congress. Thank you.
Thank you for fighting for us!
...because I am racist, homophobic, and scared of anyone who is different from I am. I’ll be over here in a corner pissing myself.
Thank you. Keep fighting!
Thanks for all you do. Please keep it up. Good to know about tweets. Sometimes all I can do. Keep our healthcare please.
Repeal the #ACA Socialism Sucks
Thank you - we cannot go back to the way things were before the ACA. It was horrible then. It would be even worse now.
Thank you!!!!!
Thank you!
I think I’ll call your office, as well as @SenJeffMerkley’s, to say thanks for voting no. Your work means a lot to me and my family.
Thank you Senator.
thank you for fighting with us.
thank you for your continued efforts, Senator 
Simply because your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work!
withhold consent

Thank you for your hard work.  We will continue to fight.
Are you exhausted?  Take a break.  Shaking hands and hyperbolizing non stop must be more difficult than it looks.
keep fighting for us Ron, we're behind you all the way!
I will never relent with this president.  I am afraid that he is doing irrefutable damage that will take decades to fix.  Scary Stuff
Thank you! Keep up the fight!
Thank you. I'm so honoured to have you, @SenJeffMerkley and @RepPeterDeFazio represent and fight for me.
Thank you your work from Wisconsin
Thank you for your tireless effort to support all citizens. Not just the privileged few...
I'm so grateful, as an Oregonian and us citizen, to have you as a Senator.  U r so appreciated Sir
You spew the rhetoric of the insurance companies.   You are looking for votes, you can count on my no.
Ty 
We see you fighting, too. Thank you!
Thank you for supporting all of us.
We are with you.  If we can do more tell us.  Thank you from the bottom of our hearts.
Thank YOU for tweeting. We need to see level-headed, SANE lawmakers are still there now more than ever.
Thank YOU Senator! Ever since I moved to OR I've so been happy to have people representing me who are actually fighting for the people
Thank YOU for continuing to fight even when it's exhausting.

Regarding repealing ACA!

I feel like that was for you 
I stand by you, and Senator Merkley, 100%.
Hey Ron, you misspelled relevant.  #TermLimits
Keep fighting for us senator. Don't give up!
Thieves in Panama papers info try to take over tax. Kleptocracy weaponized kompromat. Using compromised David kautter  s

Thieves rule in America with new tax asshole! Kleptocracy in America the root is use corrupt individuals to do cover up after cover up
Absolutely!  #SaveOurCare #SaveACA #AmericanValues #TrumpMustGo #TrumpRussiaCollusion #CorruptTrump #TheResistance
Thank you Ron.  from Lynn family in Portland.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS The #Resistance  is growing every day. We will not give up, we will not forgive or forget.
It's not over til it's over. Thank you!
Thank you for your leadership Senator!
Can I get a call? Or is it NEOGULOG in me that scares you? I'm the American NEOGULOG values...trump comes for guns in 2021 to take over USA?
What about the negative tweets about your position. Do you rep all of NY, I mean Oregon, or just the liberal loons?
Thank you for representing us and fighting for what's right! #PROUD

Thank YOU for having Oregon's back and continuing to fight even when it's exhausting.
I got questions....I
Ernst and young got $2 billion in offshore accounts and property around the world evidence in Panama papers?????
Thank you for your hard work Senator!
Senator Wyden. We must continue to fight for what is right and good. Thank you for your hard fight for us!
We see you, Sen. @RonWyden & we're grateful. #Trump opens new battlefronts daily. We know it's deflection but it's also dangerous. #Persist
What's the hold up it's time to repeal and fight the over burdensome healthcare that only line the pockets of insurance companies. Moda Cntr
It IS exhausting. I am afraid for America but will never give up. Please tell us there are SANE republicans in D.C.? It is our only hope.
We are standing with you senator!!
Keep up the fight!!
Thank you
Thank you Senator. Please stay reasonable, maintain humility, and fight for democracy.
Thank you for your tireless effort.  We are in front of your offices every week and calling like crazy.  You must have one GOP arm to twist?
IMPEACH HIM, RON!
Thank you. Keep following the money & continue to speak out against TrumpCare!! You've been great!!
Thank you sir.  We are afraid......the thing I resent the most about all of this is being manipulated by fear.
Thank you for fighting for us in Oregon.   We are blessed to have you behind us.
How can you not be exhausted! Its a daily fight with this administration. Rest well and fight on!!! #ThankYou
Thank you @RonWyden. A big thank you to all the hard work your staff does as well.
Use me.
It's harder than it should be
Yeah you're fighting alright tweeting this from the Montmartre. You're playing people for fools.
Thank you from one of your constituents. I support your commitment to our health care and to our democracy. Stay strong, senator!
Call, email and fax (http://faxzero.com  will send free faxes to your senators and representatives). #Resist
Thankyou ! Keep fighting the good fight!
Thank you
Thank YOU for continuing to work and fight, Senator.
Support from N.Y.. Wyden 2020!
Thank you so much!! I'm so proud to be an Oregonian and I just wish other States could have representatives that care about their ppl.
Thank you for fighting so hard for the American People. Even for those that don't realize how much this fight against trump is needed.
Thank you for all your hard work! Oregon is so lucky to have you!
Thank you Sir. We will get exhausted with you...
Thank you for continuing to fight! @GOP @SenMajLdr Writing HC bill on the floor is reckless and unconscionable.
Thank you Sen Wyden!
THANK YOU, @RonWyden, for being one of Oregon's fantastic bulldogs in Washington! We will keep fighting.
THANK YOU
Keep fighting the good fight. Thank you for doing what's right!
Thank you for protecting all Americans!  You are amazing!
Thank you for fighting for our healthcare!
Right back at ya Senator!
Thank you for representing us well.  We are with you!
And Thank you for your continuing  strength and hard work!
Thank you Sir for ALL YOU DO FOR U.S.
At what point will someone intervene, mr trump is clearly unstable and sick
Thanks for fighting, Senator!  Our lives are in your hands.  Resist!!!
Thanks for fighting for us.
Thank you.
Thank you!! Stay strong.
Thank you for fighting for all of us!
Thank you and @SenJeffMerkley you are making Oregon proud!!
Thank you
You must be exhausted.  Americans around  the country thank you for your dedication
We don't want the individual mandate.  Get rid of it now!
I've sent emails/faxes to @marcorubio, but he doesn't care. He just doesn't. I'm a healthy young guy, but I want everyone to be cared for.
Thank you @RonWyden for continuing to fight for us!
Thank you for the wonderful floor presentation with Senator Sanders!
SO grateful to YoU!!~  We will NOT give up!   :))))
This whole admin is corrupt and exhausting beyond anything I've ever dealt with. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
Thank YOU for keeping the pressure on! 
Thank you Senator. There is a long road ahead.
What else can Oregonians do to help? @indivisibleOR1
Thank you for your efforts and your courage!
Thank you, Ron Wydon! Save our sick kids from this horror!
Thank YOU @RonWyden for continuing to fight.
Love you @RonWyden
We see yours, too.  Our own thank you's may fall through the cracks while we focus on those fomenting the damage.  Use all you got!!!
Thank you!!! You've got some real nut job colleagues that you have to deal with. It must be exhausting.
Expose this
To recap:
Heller: Supports if Medicaid cuts off the table
Cornyn: Conference would use House bill ($834B in Medicaid cuts) as template https://twitter.com/burgessev/status/890240470261129216 …
Thank you for your service service Sir!
Is it true that a bill was passed to illegalize all recreational marijuana in 2018?
PLEASE tell R colleagues that mandate repeal will lead to a death spiral as in WA & that it's a trojan horse for a worse bill in conference.
Thank you for all you do for Oregonians and USA.
Did you see my DM? 
We will never submit.
You and your Portland yuppie voting base are self righteous and destructive
thank YOU!
<3
You are an excellent man, Ronald Wyden!!!
Thank you Sir for all your efforts!
Thank YOU, Senator Wyden!!
Thank *you*.
#singlepayer propose it!!!
