@CoryBooker @SenatorMenendez vote no - privatizing public ed = bad outcomes for all Americans. Think Black Water abuse &  Iraq.
Thank you for standing up for America's children, Senator!
@EmmaSnapea thank you.
THANK YOU! They tell us to call our senators...but what if our senator is awesome? Who should we contact regarding our concerns?
Thank you!
You vote no on everything.  That's why Oregonians will work hard to RECALL Wyden!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you, Senator @RonWyden! Please keep encouraging your fellow senators to do the same. #DeVos
THANK YOU...Otherwise our Kids will Think, Speak and Spell like Donald Drumpf.
in CA School principals need 5 years exp. in classroom to be administrators.  DeBos has 0 and will run the whole show?  BAD.
@EmmaSnapea woth tomorrow looming this is a bright spot. She's completely unqualified
Proud to have you representing Oregon! THANK YOU for standing up for our children.
Thank you @RonWyden for voting against Betsy DeVos-- not qualified, and hostile to public schools.
Thank you for doing what is right for children
Thank you for your no vote.  As a teacher I'm tired of appointees who know NOTHING about education.
Thank you so much! These Trump nominees are disrespecting the USA, Senate, & Amn ppl by not even PREPPING to be interviewed!!
.@Lee_in_Iowa @RonWyden Trump noms already decided they're getting  job regardless. That's why they're arrogant, indignant in Q&A.
@DoctorMcCoy2017 @Lee_in_Iowa @RonWyden cuz they know the Imperial Senate will confirm the nominations
Thank you!
Just curious. Did you watch any part of the hearing? @RonWyden
and you are comfortable with her lack of knowledge?  @RonWyden
Public school teacher, so I have the degrees. Anyone with a child in public school has more experience.
that's a shocker it doesn't matter
Thank you. For the future of our youth.
Thank You. I listened to her responses. With all due respect, she is honestly not qualified. Wealthy doesn't equate qualified.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. --a grizzly bear
thank you for voting against Betsy DeVos appointment as Education Secretary. I agree, she is not fit for the job.
Every Grizzly Bear in America thanks you. I'm proud to have you represent the citizens of Oregon.
Me, too!
thank you .
thank you for your "no" vote
.@RonWyden Only concern Democrats have is trying 2 obstruct our President 2 deny the will of the People. #WeRemember #CUN2018
#Election2018
NO!!!!!!!!!!! Fund our system, not her idealogy. Another frightening nominee. @RonWyden
thank you, Sen. Wyden! This Oregonian appreciates you standing up for your constituents' concerns.
..watched u in confirmation hearings. THANKS.
thank you for standing up for education!
thank you Senator, on behalf of all of us OR teachers mad as hell right now.
yes! We need someone who will build pub ed up, not dismantle it.
thank you!
thank you!! Seriously unqualified but she's a huge donator to the rnc so there that...
Thank you sir.
Thank you
Thank you @RonWyden !
Thank God!! She is so uninformed and not qualified for the job.
thank you for your leadership.
From a family of educators we thank you sir!
Thank you.
carefully consider this appointment. This woman speaks like an airhead who needs an education herself. Make her an Ambassador.
As a retired educator your support 4 the education of the whole child is reassuring. DeVos is an incredibly incompetent nominee.
THANK YOU! Please also on Price, Sessions & Tillerson. Position too important to turn over to Russia.
Thank you! She's disastrous, entirely unqualified and is nominee simply bc she has billions!
Thank you! Your constituents and the country thank you.
thank you!
Thank you, sir!  The educators I know offer a way to a full life, not a dead end.  Shame on her.  She's done nothing.
Thank you!
Yes, she's COMPLETELY unqualified. Ur SUPPOSED to reject candidates when they're completely unq'd. Maybe u cd explain this to ur colleagues.
@Sharp8Lottie Thank You Senator Wyden!!
ask her what PL 504 is...Or RtI....Or what RAP is!!!!
thank you for acknowledging she is not qualified for the job. She's out of touch, her millions were supposed to get her the job.NO
stick your guns! Proud of you! Thank you!

THANK YOU! Signed, a concerned teacher
Thank you!!!!
thank you sir for being principled #neverblondepalin
Thank you. She will pull the most important building block of our Democracy, Public Education right out.
thank you!
thank you
As an educator, and an OR Democrat, thank you!
@ninadelado TY!!
So what you're saying is that you're OK with grizzly bears wreaking havoc in our schools Senator?
Thank YOU! She's not a good choice.
thank you!!!! That's why you always have my vote
GOOD!
Someone cares about our children, all of the children! Thank you for fighting for the children!
.@RonWyden thank you! stand your ground, convince others if you can.... as a retired teacher of 32 years, i am begging you... thanks
good job, we need more like you!
@eugeneweekly That's good to hear. So glad I voted for you.
Thank you! She is a dangerous person. And the connection2her brother is BAD too!Many suspect that is the real reason4her appoint
Thank you. DeVis would be a disaster b
Oregon voters want you voting NO on every nomination.
@motherglover1 is Betsy smarter than your preschooler . No
thank you for a no vote on DeVos! No idea of IDEA! Really!
Thank you!
Public school kids, parents, and teachers thank you! Any chance R colleagues will follow suit? Who should we call?
Thank you Senator. I do not want my tax dollars going to private schools!
she seems particularly unqualified in a sea of lousy appointees
Take a valium
@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake shld vote NO as well! She is grossly unqualified! Senators need to listen to constituents. Ppl b4 party!
not enforcing or understanding the need for the LAW #IDEA is disqualifying! $200million=cabinet position. #PublicSchoolSuccess
Thank you!!!  So very proud of both of my Oregon Senators!!!
thank you for your no vote on what Looks to be a disastrous pick
thank you
#ThankYou @RonWyden

#TheResistance
Thank you!!
P.S. Thank you for voting no. Thank you for doing the right thing. Thank you for not further lowering the discourse #DeVosHearing
her brother erik prince  another trump adviser founded blackwater
thank you, senator!
by chance did anyone question whether or not the distinguished gentleman from KS had a prescription for said Valium?
THANK YOU! She is astoundingly unqualified.
you better!
Thank you. DeVos will destroy our schools.
@faineg She may be the weakest candidate in the history of the US, so thank you.
Your statement is riddled with falsehoods.  U r talking @progressive education.  Funding schools is not part of Constitution.
Thank you. As a former University instructor I could not be more alarmed by this nom.
good she is unqualified
you're a good man Ron. Pray to God majority follows suit. She's a nightmare.
Thank you.
Thank you for your leadership in opposing #DeVos & other #Cabinet appointments. Oregon appreciates your integrity!

#TheResistance
Thank you, Senator Wyden.
Thank you Senator.
Thank you!
Old, wealthy, white male rejects accomplished woman for gov't office.
Thank you!
You will lose...
Thank you Senator!
@allywalker1 thank you sir

Hope you are making plans for your next career.
We are on the same page I was just going to say the.same thing. Wow he is an ass!!!
Maybe it wouldn't take so long if they didn't keep asking the same questions? Obviously we know they have issues listening! 
That's their MO: beat up the opponent with incessant, circular rambling and hope for success through confusion.
The people that seemed confused were the ones asking questions? I think they came off sounding really stupid. He schooled them
@WydenPress here he goes again towing the partisan line being a road bump because he thinks his Senate seat will be protected
what about kids who are in shitty schools!  Let them have a choice!
you would be concerned if it was Jesus running for Education Secretary, can't wait until Oregon votes you out
good she is ignorant of the job the laws governing it and worse doesn't care about knowing
Right! Urge other committee members to do same She would be a disaster 4 education of American children SENATORS MUST DENY HER
@Realdonaldtrump @RachelMaddowSho @allinwithchris DJT historic inaug: 65+ increasing # members of Congress boycotting U feeling great?
HateU
DJT Do U realize how disgusted we R 2 have U disgrace America
So despised U terrible burden 4 us as POTUS
@allinwithchris @RachelMaddowSho 
Watching Mnuchin doublespeak: tics of conscience?
Bloviating disreputable dishonest apologies Outrageous!
Thank you!
Thanks! We don't always see eye-to-eye, but I'm happy to have you as my senator.
Thank you.
Thank you.
@Smith83K This teacher thanks you!
Thank you!!
Thank you! I also urge you to boycott the inauguration. Are you listening @HillaryClinton?
Thank you Ron Wyden!
THANK YOU, SIR!!!
We can't let that woman anywhere near our education system.
We want it BETTER, not see it gutted for profits.
Thank you for supporting public education!
Filibuster her along with Scott Pruitt
GOP privatization preexisted Trump, reaching into every part of the US. Trump and GOP will lay claim to every government resource.
@ORDems there is the I in representative of the people. So sad
Thank you.  She's unqualified and has an agenda to enrich her family business.
Thank you so much for caring about the kids. This education plan is a disaster waiting to happen. Thank you for listening to us.
Your diligence in preserving public schools is appreciated, sir.
@StevilleJanae Thank you Senator Wyden. She is not remotely qualified & paid to play.
Thank you SO much!! With no experience, lack of knowledge, and horrible ideas, she has no business in this position
thank you!
Good
@riotwomennn mostly that the Secretary of Education should, at the very least, not be dumb?
Thank you senator Wyden!
@Lawrence Thank you!
Excellent. None of the others know what they are doing either. Vote NO on all of them
THANK you!!!!
Thank you Sen. @RonWyden 
@riotwomennn Besides, there's no room in the budget for all her flying monkeys....
Thank you! Oregon appreciates you!
@Lawrence 
Who are the 3 republicans with you?
Thank you!
Thank you!
Yay!!!
thank you!!!! 
Thank you for putting ALL kids first. We have work to do but with a leader whom we can respect. #resist
thank you for being transparent with your views.  You represent us well.
@Insurgent_Storm will any of your republican colleagues vote no as well though?
@gracels her statements on  IDEA were the worst! Thank you for voting no.
Somebody asked me if oppo to DeVos was because of gender. 

NO!
why would gender matter?
I don’t know.
Thank you sir.
 thank you. That's why I always vote for you!
The GOP needs to be remembered for every one of Trump's picks and actions. He couldn't do any of this without their backing.
Thank you. You have a good moral compass.
Senator Wyden As a teacher in the public school system I applaud your commitment to children!
Thank You!
.@RonWyden Yes! Please!  She will kick education back to 18th century! @BetsyDeVos  #Seculareducation @realDonaldTrump made a piss poor pick
Which 3 GOP Senators are you going to convince to VOTE NO with you on #DeVos and all #CabinetNominees? #WeNeedThreeGOP
Billionaires see that pile of education$$ & want to steal it to enrich themselves, but working folks in debt paying 4 crap charter
struggling to pay off student loan debts ...
So glad you're my Senator.
thank you!  Can't win this!!!!!
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Thank you!!! NO on #DeVos #Unqualified 
THANK YOU, SIR!
Kudos!
It makes you look petty and spiteful. I hope u are representing OR at the inaugration.
I am very disappointed in the Dems reaction to election, you shouldn't vote against anything till you get your head on rite.
Thank you!
@riotwomennn need more like you. Cannot blindly follow just because he won electoral college
Good for you. She has the IQ of a pissant.
@Wary12 Thank you. Wish it mattered. /we r in deep trouble/
Yes we've been here before and sometimes worse. I'm retired Pub School teacher going back 2 work  & check it out  @RonWyden
thank you for your no vote on DeVos  Proud to be an Oregonian!  #UnacceptableChoice #noDeVos
Thank you!
@Lawrence thank you
@riotwomennn thank you!!!
Thank you
Bravo on your stance - totally support it. You are a beacon for common sense.
@Lawrence Thank you!
@riotwomennn LOVE being in Oregon and having you as my Senator SIR!!!
@riotwomennn 
AWESOME! She is not qualified to see over the very capable Public School system. 
Schools should be a priority.
Thank you.  We appreciate your support.
thank you for speaking for your constituents!
, so what's your idea for "keeping students safe from gun violence"?  Please tell me it's not simply failed gun-free zones?
@riotwomennn thank you!!!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank You! Proud to have been a constituent for the past 15 years.
Thank you. @RonWyden
@riotwomennn THANK YOU. that probably feels great.
thank you, @RonWyden @riotwomennn
@Hopey_70 as it should be
Thank you Senator for standing up for all Americans. #InvestigateTrump #ImpeachTrumpDay1
Thank you!
