#Votebymail means paper ballots, weeks to fix any registration problems and audits afterward.
20 senators support my #votebymail bill. Learn more here:
Senator, why do you think other states aren't on board? It's a no brained!
All a ruse to restrict votes. Mail in means more dem voters.
Why does it mean more Dem voters; serious question.
What about a blockchain instead?
They won't do it! Like Montana's election to replace congressman, mail in ballots mean more Dems can vote! The ADMITTED it! #paperballots
State by state if we have to. Vote by mail makes it easier to vote & creates a paper trail. I really want to see hand counted ballots too.
Me too, exactly.
We need show ID
Absolutely goddamned right!
Let's talk about this. http://www.bbc.com/news/av/magazine-40852227/the-digital-guru-who-helped-donald-trump-to-the-presidency … #TrumpRussia
Bullshit propaganda effort for illegal votes. Voting should be in front of witnesses, on site machine voting with paper ballots & proper ID
Absolutely! #votebymail should be in every state!
But don't the envelopes depict your party affiliate? I know I'm oregon bins of mail in botrs were tossed in the dumpster.
in our state of of oregon too ron,,
Senator, I support this and we need auto registration.
But I always wonder if my signature on the envelope is checked, still alive, legal citizen,  still a resident, valid signature? ??
We have BallotTrax, let's you know when they are mailed, and when they are accepted..takes the guessing out.
We like taking the guessing out and assuring #voters #ballots are received and counted. #trustyourvotecounts #elections #votebymail
How would the homeless vote?
I think it's funny that you blame Trump trouncing Hillary on anything other than we are sick of crooked bureaucrats... paper won't help you
Open the primaries, have publicly funded elections, get rid of super-delegates, stop taking the right to vote away, for democracy's sake.

#IdiotDems
Absolutely! USPS paper ballots - vote by mail, most secure, most apparent to tell if tampering does occur also. This is a really big deal!!!
Paper or mail in ballots only for 2018.
Too much nonsense as it turns out.  Any evidence of Russia tampering?  You were okay with Barack tampering with Israeli elections.  2-face
Bs
Vote by mail is great, but what is being done to insure upcoming elections are secure?
Mail for seniors only paper ballot for everyone and prove citizenship with I.D.
Mail voting will bring muncho (lots) fraud.
That and pass bills without "pork."
Simplify and uphold the integrity of bills as in all the "pork" in the Sandy relief bill.
I would never give up vote by mail. Democracy=being able to vote in private and to study the issues as you cast ballots!
How does poll voting take away your privacy and ability to study the issues?
You need a Photo ID to go to Wyden's Office but not to Vote in Oregon. Does the Senator racially discriminate who can see him?
Yea get more dead people to vote yea
You can't prove the true voter voted by mail or wasn't bullied- don't be stupid!
Vote by mail is protection in your mind? You're joking! Explain how that's safe! You're ridiculous!!
Vote by mail works well in Oregon and has for years!
We need voter ID law. #SecureTheVote
We need paper ballots nationwide. Vote by mail can be thrown away.
First  help the homeless, VETS EDUCATION Health Care etc. Sen Wyden cease looking for excuses to do nothing.Seems you always just show up
I agree.
Ron we should keep the polls open for a week. Use the paper system that Mass uses. Simple.
you act as if #votebymail doesn't have it's issues. like city of portland not following oregon law and destroying unused ballots immediately
I get to vote by mail, they "lost" my ballot one time
Have you watched all the recent elections & Brexit ref?  Watch how the Brits do it. IT IS ALL OUT IN THE OPEN. Full stop.
We can start by getting rid of any voting machine hooked to internet without a individual ballot paper trail.
How do check id that way. Do you have dead people off list
How about voting at precint polls with paper ballots again! Mail gets lost, ballot drop off points a and precinct polls are the right choice
Here in WA we are a vote by mail state & it is WONDERFUL! Standing in line to vote is so 20th century.

WHEN WILL YOU N MRS BROWN HELP US WE LOST ANOTHER SENOR THUR ,YOUR SECT KAREN HAS ALL INFO BUT N BROWN WILL NOT HELP US 541 406 9205 CALL ME
time n time agane disabled/senors dieing from med cuts,there are NO CLINICE DOING PAIN MANGMENT IN OR ,FRIENDS FAMILYMY SUFFERING  HELP US
Cuz mailboxes can't be hacked into.
So dems believe earth flat???
Ur kidding right? USPS/paper secure???
There is no proof that any vote was hacked per NSA Rogers and FBI Comey.
Are you forgetting who controls the government now???  Paper mail in ballots would never work!!  Too much corruption.
Bot much?
Simple but effective
Ron tell me what voting machine was hack last election. Perhaps if the media was honest there would be fewer questions.
So if its proven that the Russians hacked the votes to flip MI, WI and PA for Trump.... what do we as a nation do?  He can't remain as POTUS
Republican postal couriers and mail sorters are already well practiced at throwing out mail-ins from specific zip codes.
So put in Dropbox yourself if you're concerned.
Absolutely not.Wrong fight, Ron. End gerrymandering, voter role purges, felon exceptions. Automatic enrollment. National holidays. #NoToMail
No? Ideally, all of the above, maybe, or nah?
Nah. Vote by mail introduces new fraud problems (e.g. coerced votes). Plus, civic ritual matters.
Huh. Cool cool cool.  Thx:)
Anything you can do to thwart OR IP5 which would revoke ALL Oregon voter registrations?
Paper votes
if we don't protect our vote the next election won't matter either 2016 was a disaster for this country!
Until you get rid of the electoral college it's all BS, as proven last November
We need Federal oversight of the elections.  Georgia in particular.
#PaperBallotsOnly #PaperBallotsOnly #PaperBallotsOnly #PaperBallotsOnly #PaperBallotsOnly #PaperBallotsOnly #PaperBallotsOnly
What prevents 'losy' mail ?  Nothing.   I luv Oregon's Vote by Mail because it gets the Vote in but security ... ?
Here in WA we have ballot drop boxes too - so you have that option if you feel it's more secure than mailing it in.
Oregon has had vote by mail for over 20 years. I've always used drop boxes.
When my life wasn't as hectic &  job was 9 to 5 I dropped mine in a box too.  These days I'm more likely to get it into my own mail box.
That's one of the things I like about vote by mail - options. I live in a very rural area, but in Portland you can drive-by-dropbox
We're back at Russian Hackers again?
Saw TV show on how easy it is 2 rig votes-Inserted slips N2 machine+vote changed from Clinton 2 Trump! Vote officials cried when they saw it
When I went to the registrar's office the biggest problem with the mail-in's was people did not print name and sign outside of envelope.
Voting could be by paper ballot via mail or at the post office. Overseen & collected by appointed military officials or judicial appointees.
Oregon has drop boxes. I use the one at city hall. Secure location & convenient
Hacking wasn't the problem. Voter fraud was, and is, the problem.
"I know of no evidence that through cyber intrusion, votes were altered or suppressed in some way" --Jeh Johnson
If the Dutch can do, so can we.
Paper ballots, hand counted. Vote tabulating machines also proven hackable.

Paper ballots only. Everywhere. Until hacking problems are no longer an issue.
Yeah cuz the USPS never screws up
How do you overcome the issue that States control their elections and many Red states, like NC, don't seem to want to cooperate?
Plus Awan and family still has access to US Government computer accounts. He'll be hacking in there mailing to dead people.
we need another election. Hacked is cheating. You cheat, you're thrown out.Pretty simple. Do it over!
We have vote by mail in Oregon. I never doubt that my vote counts. Go Ron!
Vote by mail: chaos free, crisis free, no negative drama.
Oregon vote by mail. I am sure my vote counts! We can register with driver's license app/renewal
Yes. I agree.
Novel concept: How about doing some proper investigating of the 2016 election& voiding the results if it was tampered with?
Irregularities in the 2016 election also need to be investigated.
"Justice for ALL" needs to be @TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems slogan from now to end of time. Enough car salesman "better way" BS.
Vote by mail also provides protection against efforts to disenfranchise voters. Everyone should be encouraged to participate.
The machines that count the ballots can be hacked even if they aren't connected to the internet.
#Votebymail with no postage required. No excuses to not vote because no stamp. ZERO COST to vote. Postage could be considered a "poll tax."
There are drop boxes available in every library, county, state office.
We only have paper ballots in Canada. And if not on reg list you show up with ID as in proof of living in riding you vote.  That's it.
Yes, thank you @RonWyden !
I don't trust the local mail service, though. We've received our neighbor's bills way too often, and shit just isn't delivered.
Drop boxes.
We expect FULL investigations into this and strong legal actions/prosecutions once we return @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats to power.
Please introduce a law based on OR's voting system. If more states knew, they might be willing to change.
and we need to know abt 2016 election being hacked/altered. We aren't just gonna let it go.
Debbie Wassermen Schultz has to be investigated. 
paper paper paper paper paper trails So #PresidentMercer cannot buy another puppet
Vote by mail is what turned Bernie supporters into Hillary supporters
