B.S. it's fools that fabricate stories to undermine our president who are hurting security.
I keep seeing Wyden working for the Democratic Party.  When does he start working FULL TIME for the state of Oregon?
Israel was the source of the intellegence & has stated their intel relationship w/ USA remains strong. #StupidOnPurpose Wyden spreading LIES
If MOSSAD is a great white shark,Trump would be a killer whale…For the first time,MOSSAD has met its match…
Here's your sign.
Trump cannot be trusted. We know U R working night & day to get the word out to UR recalcitrant Republican colleagues so Congress can act!!
There is certainly no intelligence in the wyden office
Why aren't @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP acting? National security is the security of us all, our families and our #democracy - #GOP and #Dem alike
Why not focus on working with the present administration?  There's got to be some areas you agree with them, such as improving the HCare.
You are a liar Ron. And you lies are wydening and wydening and wydening ...which is why denying why denying wy den ying wydening
What a shame! Can't wait to say goodbye to Trump.
He is the president, since when can the President not have the right to talk to other countries? All you Dems are getting scary, real scary!
Ha!  Years of open borders-  Iran deal- Creating a mess in the Middle East-  Now the Washington cartel take such a high road?
@AngryBlackLady Let's see senate Dems shut the place down: #withholdconsent, occupy the floor 24/7 & save our nation.
If you do this, people will back you.
You're losing all credibility pushing this narrative.
Besides the fact that we have empty positions all through the federal government, and a totally corrupt legislators who support crazy Trump.
Dems still playing the victim role. Get off your butts and quit winning. If you don't like it change it oh wait that'll take action.
You are hurting our democracy & Oregonians Get to work on taxpayers issues. DEMS lost we need a leader # you ARE killing time & money
Lol. You're so full of shit. I used to think you had our backs with your anti surv stance.
Your Russia meeting narrative has been debunked by McMaster & Tillerson who were present. What hurting America is the constant lies of Dems.
Cases like Obama's spying, Clinton Foundations, and others.
Thank you for stating the facts of the situation. Oregonians are depending on you to represent is.
Us not is.
The security of your nation is at risk when our Senator's and Congessmen don't work with the present administration.   He is our President.
What's hurting our security is the news media with criminal news.
Ladies you have that info ass backwards Dems are wasting our time and money SHAMELESS
What allies?
BND,MI6,DGSE,MOSSAD and ASIS couldn't trust Trump any longer,this man is the enemy of the civilized world.
Shut it down, .@RonWyden! NO unanimous consent, no votes till a special prosecutor is appointed by dep. AG! #ShutItDown #resist
@AngryBlackLady and you in the senate are doing what exactly?
That's because the worst threat is him and his cronies
#lockhimup
Hillary's email fiasco was NOTHING to Dems, but anything Trump is fuel for theirs and your fire. Pure politics, Senator.
Then, by God do something!!!
25th Amend. Sec. 4, Senator. Congress must act IMMEDIATELY to remove Trump from office due to mental instability before he does serious harm
I wouldn't!  But as an American I know it makes us all less safe. The real BUG in the Oval office sits at the desk, powered by blackmail.
Who would? We have a Russian mole in the White House.
Remember what he said: I'll be the most pro Israel President ever. No one loves Israel more than me.
(They may not let him land now)
Can't say I blame them.
I seem to remember when @GOP claimed to be all about "national security." I guess that doesn't apply when it's one of their own.
"I know more than the generals". ~ The Orange Menace
All the Dems need to hold a press conference on the Congressional steps and call for him to resign or be impeached.
You think it's scary for you, WE CANNOT EVEN KNOW what is happening and have NO CONTROL!  What can we do?

Here's the key reality Americans have to face: a nation that can elect Donald Trump can't be trusted. That's changing how world sees USA
Who WOULD share classified intelligence with this reckless, ignorant buffoon?
You are a threat to our beautiful state. Liberal crap threat.
And yet you supported his predecessor who opened the borders to Muslim invaders, oops refugees.  Hypocrite much.
Put pressure on McConnell! Mitch and Ryan are the real problem here. They are traitors. How can they condone such behavior?
Where are the #articlesofimpeachment?  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Yes he is.  When will we get serious about it?  Democrats can shut down the Senate.  Keep reminding them about this possibililty.
I can't imagine what they said about Obama and HRC
Mike Pence for President.
I hope they stop thier lives are at stake.
Well I know I wouldn't if I were them!
Impeach!
Which allies?
Exactly...enough faux outrage. We want action..
You know how sensitive Democrats are about mishandling classified information. That's why they denied Hillary Clinton the nomination.
Trump bankrupting USA of its Patriots & Allies. Trump Hell: Illegitimate, incompetent & compromised Admin & Cabinet. Complicit GOP Congress.
NOT... liberal intel leaking to the press are
Hillary is a PRIME example of hurting our security AND  pathetic Dems who want to protect her! Hypocrisy at its finest!!
SO DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS!
DO SOMETHING SENATOR!
Dutch CIA and DIA - who've been victim of Russian hacks, officially made clear today they'll raise concerns about #TrumpLeaks @CNNSitRoom
I'd like to know when Senators are going to start listening to their constituents and do their job? Impeach Trump!
Withhold consent on everything. The Democrats must play hardball - everything is at stake.
I sure wouldn't , stick with cake eating something he excels at...
Put. The. Kool-aid. Down.
Why is he meeting with Erdoğan  AGAIN????
Where are all the Republicans? @repgregwalden isn't doing or saying anything. Just wringing their hands and saying "Oh dear." We need action
They may 'say' but what about those that have already decided not to? There will be intel we'll never know; I bet. Start #impeachment
You're an empty suit Sen Wyden who doesn't even school his own kids in the state that he represents. Ur inactions speak louder than ur words
Remember when you used to work for the people of Oregon and actually accomplish something?  Didn't that feel good?  Try being constructive
May not ?
All Democrats are greatest threat to our national security!!
Says who? Anonymous source?
Actually, the Donald himself officially admitted it, check his Twitter
Actually no he didn't- pathetic play o  worda
Trump is not capable of responsible, reasonable, and mature decision making. He needs to go now....he is a threat to our national security
Thank you for fighting for us Senator Wyden!  Keep it up!
Def sensible decision as we have zero intelligence here & our pres is NOT "wholly appropriate"
Hold your colleagues accountable, Senator. It's time to secure the nation. this is not a drill
Agree  Joyce. Time to pressure GOP, they are aiding & abetting this administration!
Awash in massive corruption. How long do we have to watch this shit show?
Thank you Ron. Keep working hard and Go Ducks!
GO BEAVS LOL
