What happened in #Charlottesville is directly caused by the Democrat group called #Antifa  supporting Democrats removing Monuments.
What happened today is all based on White Nationalist hatred and intolerance.
No. What happened in #Charlottesville Is a culmination of Monument removal to rewrite history, Leading to racist attacks. Forget and Re-live
I'd say to correct the historical record from that being preached by haters. No reb heroes.
Destroy all holocaust museums and memorials in America; they have nothing to do with American history. Strip all taxpayer funding.
Really? That's your answer? Pointless to go further.
Why not Bull doze the University's. They obviously are failed institutions of higher learning. Turning out Ignorant Savages like #Antifa
Antifa are like ISIS without the balls.
So you all are doing good cop bad cop politics with this tragic event? Edward Bernays comes to mind, public relations & Propaganda again 
What about antifa?
Racist politicians have infested the halls of government throughout this nation. We can't let this stand.
"Heinous" ohhhhhhhhh. Profound! FYOF
This guy you mean?


I think ol Ronnys brain just exploded.
Thank you, Senator Wyden, for telling the truth when no one else will lay it on the line.
the senator is lying he knows it was paid rioters who did this.It was antifa and BLM.Antifa driver is the one who plowed into the people
What cover?!  There is no cover.  You need to be stronger and louder, Ron.  We're p.o.'ed and I'm a constituent of yours.  Condemn him!
yes it is terrorism from ANTIFA! They have been terrorizing big cities for 8 mos. Yet not one word from Dems. because they work for dems?
Proud of @realDonaldTrump statement condemning violence in Charlottesville. Very Presidential.Didn't take sides like Obama in Ferguson riot

I don't recall @BarackObama condemning BLM when Micah Johnson, who identified with BLM, killed 5 Dallas cops. In fact he invited them to WH.
So do yours
It's time to banish the Bannomites!
What words did that? I missed it, please explain.
When can we put a stop to this hate and atmosphere. Mueller must continue to make progress quickly. #ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachTheHateMonger
He didn't want to offend his base. White supremacists and hateful bigots are an important part of his support.

There is no evidence of terrorism in what happened in #Charlottesville.

"Terrorism" has a specific meaning. Plz do not misuse the word.
When Trump told cops to act violently with citizens they arrested, y'all do know he meant you white protestors, too, don't you? #Resistance
Paralyzed? Gobsmacked? Outraged? Do you remember that this preceded Trump encouraging police to hurt citizens?
not true to many videos showing the driver who belongs to antifa was directed and picked up speed before hitting the crowd
You may not grasp fact, Republicans passed a bill that encouraged a climate of violence--a terrorist act--against protesters? But they did.
Thank you!
#RacistRonWydenOregon
Your great grandfather owned slaves!
We need 2 leave off “domestic” it’s just TERRORISM & THEY R TERRORIST LIKE TRUMP IS! TRUMP LOVES THE HATRED+he’s getting even with USA=No$$$
Not one face was covered on the right side.  Why does the left cover their faces?
Was ur nose so far up Obama's bum that you couldn't see his agitating the violence in Baltimore and Ferguson? Identity politics is all u got
How many attacts for 8 yrs under dem?
For 8 yrs kiling America was zone, now it is statues destroy time, liberals, Resist  Marxist,Neo Nazi.

In case you're wondering if President Trump inspires neo-nazis--this is from their publication The Daily Stormer: 
no he does not the neo nazi's are obama's creation during his resistance to the president.BLM was there to that is Soro's.He paid for this
The president has been courting the white supremacist vote for years. Now he won't even condemn their murders of Americans.
Worst President Ever!
We took the worst human being in the country & put him in charge.
What happened in Charlottesville would not have happened if the mayor had honored the permit they gave to Unite the Right
Is Trump a threat to national security?

I'd say so.
How exactly do @potus words cover heinous acts? He sounds more uniting than you.
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
You use this tragedy as ammunition to attack the president. Disgusting.
So your remaining true to your party politics puppet! Your are heinous as you don't have the ability to act and think without your handler!
It took him days to tweet about Max killings. I find everything he says to be disingenuous and self-serving. (POTUS)
And don't forget MN.
Such support for our great President places you behind Nothing! Such a shame
That is the most ignorant statement after 8 years of BLM.
So true!
Boy aren't you the saint
Attention on Charlottesville takes eyes from PDX unwillingness to abide by racial justice provisions of 2012 DoJ plea deal. @joannhardesty


Your comment reveals your interest in pushing your agenda is more important that serving the people.  Trash politicians like you need to go
You are not honorable and do not deserve the opportunity to represent the people.
Covfefe: cover for every fair-skinned extremist. 

Ding ding ding 

I finally solved it! 

#CharlottesvilleKKK
You are insane Wyden! You and your ilk fan the flames of racism and terrorism rather than helping America.
A human being was murdered yesterday. What are you going to say if we find out that he was a progressive liberal socialist? So sad !!!
#FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller White supremacy has no place in the White House and taxpayer money should not be paying their salaries

Think @TheJusticeDept @FBI @DHSgov will come to this conclusion, as well, as it meets the definition of. 
Justice for #HeatherHeyer xx
No Mr. Wyden POTUS stated it exactly Right!! He does not take sides-all groups @ fault, NOT like U&UR Senate/Congress  coddling BLM/Antifa
Very sad but what's happening to seniors and disabled with having their meds cut some dying many suffering but you  n Brown will not act
All due respect you're racist fool. The president condemned the violence.
Dems invented KKK & white nationalists.....get off your righteous high   horse, do not be pretentious as in your creation of BLM and Antifa
Yes domestic terror. #room@guantanamo
Ron Tolerates the ANTIFATA Terrorists who Shuts down Free Speech in  Charlottesville, Berkeley & Portland w/ their Fists & Fire  Bombs!
You are lying, trying to incite violence against our dear @POTUS . He abhors violence and racism in all forms. You should be ashamed.
Your selective outrage and created narrative is offensive. POTUS denounced all hate groups and violence. Why haven't the left done same?
yes it is terrorism.  Thank you for using that word.  Thank you for standing up for all Americans.
Yes! By the Supremacists and the ANTIFA
Let's not forget the #WhiteSupremacy attack in PDX. This #Nazi uprising isn't just in VA.

@indivisibleOR1 @Indivisible_OR @pdxindivisible
Because he supports the idea of a New World Order and white supremacy is part of that. Those who support him are responsible for 1st blood
How do I tell my increasingly radicalized leftist daughter not to react violently in the face of gov't sponsored hate? Im losing credibility
Support impeachment!

Thank you for stating the truth Senator.
PLEASE LEAD THE SENATE MOVEMENT FOR IMPEACHMENT, TRAITOR TRUMP IS A DANGER TO THE WORLD AND OUR COUNTRY
The leftists? or to Communists?  National Socialism is the party of Hitler!  I need you to be more specific.  No hate groups!
And yet it's BDS that you censor. Where's the bill to stop white supremacists from assaulting and killing us?
It's ONLY going to get worse until SOMETHING IS DONE! DO SOMETHING! #ImpeachTrumpNOW
What planet are you from or is it you can't hear, clean your ears out

In case you're wondering if President Trump inspires neo-nazis--this is from their publication The Daily Stormer: 
#FireGorka
And embolden future heinous acts
That's his M.O. It's usually his own but SSDD.
Any any acknowledgement now would be an after thought due to pressure from negative press. @realDonaldTrump is a traitor & cont to show us.
you are awful #ronwyden. Quit trying to divide our county. POTUS was trying to unite and he did a good job #notmysenator
I haven't been a supporter of Trump, but have I missed something?  What has POTUS said that is offering cover? Sad to see Wyden politicize
Nothing. He condemned all hate groups and violence. The left only wants white supremacists condemned.  They support Antifa and BLM.
Where were these words when protesters were destroying my city?
You represent me but can't condone their act because it didn't involve Trump
People destroyed Max stations beat up others and burned a flag in my cities living room you tweeted you were with them.
Does this not make you an advocate for domestic terrorism? I can't feel comfortable wearing red in my state because of domestic terrorist.
Someone please listen.Trump, miller, bannon all message white supremacists. This is aryan 666.This is evidence. Have a collection of photos.


You are just another divider and part of the problem.
I agree, along with every attack by Antifa and BLM. Speak the whole truth or shut up.
Are you freaking kidding me? All this violence is from democrats like you. This tweet, this is the cause of violence. You are despicable!
Just like "what do we want? Dead cops." Gets you invited to WH. Or "the police acted stupidly"A cover for it's OK
Howis he covering anything?  He condemned violence on all sides.  The killer was antifa, anti trump.  Know facts or shut up!
I don't usually run into GOP senators, you do every working day. What do you say to them, Ron? "Lovely morning, ABOUT THOSE NAZIS..."
Criminal WH admin. We all know it. He must be removed & tried. They are trying to murder America.
What abt antifa and Blm will I condem
#25thAmendmentNow
The president condemned both sides in the violence so how is that a "cover for heinous acts"? Did u or any Dem condemn the left's riots? No?
The heinous acts are your refusal to denounce AntiFA as a terrorist organization & covering up Hillary,Obama,Lynch,&Rice CRIMES.
Yes it was enabled by the police stand down ordered by a Dem mayor. Instigators were AntiFA terrorist paid by Soros. Seen it in Portland.
Oh great, another fake "stand down" order that never occurred, y'all need some new stories.
as a senator your worse then the terrorist who where bused in to do this.BLM and antifa all funded by Obama and Soro's.Obama started this
Marching=allowed. Rioting=criminal. Terrorism is to kill innocents horrendously, inspire fear. From what I saw only car driver did that.
He condemned ALL hatred and violence and said no room for bigotry in this country. Called us all to strive for love and unity.
These leftists are programmed to hate.  That's all they know.
@realDonaldTrump    Say the words.."Radical Christian Terrorists".
Outrageous and sick behavior and message!
Did you even listen to his speech? You're nothing but a political hack. You're not helping unite this country whatsoever.
Really Ron that is the first thought you had on this horrendous event! We need new representation here in Oregon!
Thank you
#ChristianTerrorists

Can giving religions 82 billion of our tax dollars and letting them escape a Trillion in taxes/year stop please?
I am ashmed u ever represented Oregon!!!
Cover? Ridiculous Trump bashing is getting old.
In many ways, yes; In fairness, not 100%. BUt, this R no DJT fan. His response 2 little, 2 late, 2 couched. This R glad voted Dem in 2016.
Brother u need to get ur head out ur rear.
Thank you, Senator Wyden for speaking #truthtopower
He needs to be removed
The hate is from leftists scum.
Exactly
I'm more afraid of the Antifa then a group of stupid racists carrying tiki torchs.  How come you never call them out for their violence.
Don't underestimate the power of the Tiki Torch. #TikiLivesMatter
And what do you have to say about your progressive masked blackshirts smashing windows and beating up people Portland?
You mean the anarchist that mainly come from Seattle? What about them?
Thanks Ron. I'm glad you keep our voice out there!
Of course, the moron posing as president had to spread the blame to both sides. That's like blaming nobody.
Yes, domestic terrorists on BOTH sides. Let's be truthful if we want to fix this problem.
https://amp.reddit.com/r/socialism/comments/675rlh/why_are_leftists_so_violent/ …

So first group had permit and things were peaceful until antiprotestors showed up without a permit and things then got violent,who's fault?
Where were you when the streets were burning when Hillary lost?
And how did this domestic terrorism get its start. For 8 yrs we've heard rhetoric and seen racial violence. Let's agree
how, precisely,
Were his words cover for heinous acts??
"David Duke is a bad person, who I disavowed on numerous occasions over the years," Trump said on MSNBC's "Morning Joe."  March 3, 2016
And that's exactly how they see it - he gave a good response.
In case you're wondering if President Trump inspires neo-nazis--this is from their publication The Daily Stormer: 
So what has been going on in Portland and Berkley lately?  Not excusing but BOTH extreme groups are heinous.
Domestic terrorist....good description of antifa.
Be stronger! You and your colleagues must confront the WH for their failure to condemn Nazi and white supremacists and the KKK! Censure!!
"David Duke is a bad person, who I disavowed on numerous occasions over the years," Trump said on MSNBC's "Morning Joe."  March 3, 2016
At least @POTUS won't invite the KKK to The White House to celebrate their accomplishments like @BarackObama did for BLM.
Which part of condemning hatred do you think justifies heinous acts?
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
"David Duke is a bad person, who I disavowed on numerous occasions over the years," Trump said on MSNBC's "Morning Joe."  March 3, 2016
Placing any kind of  blame for this on President Trump is reprehensible and low even for you!  Despicable You!
Right it is domestic terrorism, the driver, a left wing whacko who thought he was running down nazis. Also, antifa carry bats and machetes.
And the disinformation continues; not a "left-winger," seen at previous Nazi rallies.  Try again.
Thank you for speaking up. Congress needs to reconvene before we are all to sick to care that we are radioactive. Limit his powers now!
What happened is your and obama's fault
Thank you @RonWyden for calling it what it is!
Today's events are bigger than #POTUS bigger than @realDonaldTrump + bigger than @jeffsessions (but not @ChrisChristie) + bigger than war on
In the war on drugs priority resources BIGGOV @BreitbartNews @CoryBooker don't go against an actual enemy attacking citizens = free will to
This example of war today is Alt Right - Ultra Hyped - BIG Gov Nixon Power Grab because, hey, Trump hates @POTUS44 @BarackObama @EricHolder
The Beverly Hillbillies ~ The South Rises Again (unedited)
How about BLM and antifa ?
BS senator stop it.
This is just the beginning of the carnage they will leave in their wake. GOP is just as responsible if they do nothing about Donald Trump.
Senator, it's time for Congress to act. No more approval of any judicial nominees. Bannon, Gorka & Miller must go. Impeachment.
I agree, Ron.
And elicit applause from his base along with supremacists in WH.
He always seems to be •covering up• something or other
Thank you!  Note Americans are paying salaries of white supremacists in the Oval Office!  Propagandist Bannon, Spokesman Miller,Nazi Gorka!
The guy was a democrat!
That's a blatant lie told by liberals who will not face the truth.the past 8yrs.has been an open display of radical racism promoted by Obama
Congress knows what must be done, and now!!!
Call it Nazi-ism & I'm with you.
Horrible derisive comments. @POTUS condemned ALLHATE! Don't use tragedy for political gain
Registered owner of the vehicle is a Bernie supporter and an anti-trump fanatic. Let's not divide but bring together. Speak out against...
The action and not the President as you said the last 8 years. Stop being a hypocrite and be a leader.
Not nearly as bad as you liberals providing cover for pedophiles like John Podesta
Thank you for calling it what it is
Exactly!  What are you doing about him?  He needs to be impeached immediately. Get your ass back to Washington NOW before we all suffer more
@RonWydon U do realize that 90% of the idiots responding 2UR comment R paid #MediaMatters trolls! Pathetic!
Senator you know what you need to do, this needs to go before congress. We do not need white supremacist in the White House. Bannon on down!
We do not need democrat traitors in congress
#Truth
What is your legislative plan of action. Sick of platitudes amd canned responses.  Concise plan of actions now. You work for us or against.
Exactly.  Please keep speaking out and require the GOP to stand up for our Constitution and redefine their party.  It's now run by Breitbart
There should be thousands of Americans marching on Charlottesville by tomorrow
Today is obama's fault
Well it's the democrats guys that game on bus. Not from there. So back off and see what your party does. Hypocrite
I bet @georgesoros is paying the #Charlottesville protestors to pretend to be racist, nationalists--just to make @realDonaldTrump look bad.
Nah...you don't have to pay these Trump supporters to be racist, they do that for free. And now they have a pres who turns a blind eye. Sad.
Except that they're probably Bernie & Hillary supporters trying to make Trump look bad.
If I run over people protesting the KKK I will make Trump look bad?
Fact check - True.
Low bar.
"domestic terrorism"
What happened that was "terrorism"?
"only serve to offer cover for heinous acts" ... 
You sound surprised... 
Let me spell it out for you: HE'S, ONE, OF, THEM.
TY yes it's Terrorism.
. Where is your Tweet on Berkeley California AntiFA riots Wyden? It is you that is heinous & a hypocrite. #Charlottsville
Yes!! The only way I can wrap my brain around the President speaking like this is that he is on their side.
Like obama is on the side of racist BLM , and antifa traitors and anti American CAIR
