@ActDontReact To impose a political
Gag in order to prevent the truth from being revealed
Is immoral
You cannot #GovernWithLies
This hearing shows how shamefully partisan Reps are. Will approve anyone nominated no matter how unfit and even destructive.
@SenWarren You have to be cut off after 5 minutes or you'll never get to the point.
You should!, especially since your Bin Laden comment..#idiot
It was nothing less than shameful - denying the importance of education because they've been bought with DeVos $$.
If memory serves, under Democrat control comm ldrshp. set it @ 5 min. Perhaps more members ought to ask ?'s; not grandstand.
There are many concerns beyond what you were able to raise in 5min per Senator
Just hard to believe this can really take place.  Protect us Please !
This is solely to push through the nominees! Never ceases to amaze Government "crookedness"!!!!
They should never be cut off. The American people expect the ethics committee to do their job.
@VulcanHasNoMoon *Drive-Thru confirmations are all abt manipulation, rush-job, snow-job, trickery, AND NOT ABOUT THE TRUTH!
now that you're in the majority you want to censor your opposition cool cool
when will the American people learn that you are so smart, so brilliant, so superior, only your approval is required anywhere
Agreed, but I also think senators shouldn't vote against importing cheap pharmas from Canada *ahem*
@jsiskoski @SenateDems should boycott inauguration. Shame.
@CoryBooker one of the best points was not knowing you'd be held to the max time used previously…incentivizes unnecessary delay
@CoryBooker
Why? So you can badger and keep repeating same questions? Enough time.
asking repeat questions might work with this admin. Now about those tax returns...
Nah, and I don't care about tax returns. Care about moving this country forward.
you think the best way to do that is make all government officials immune to conflict of interest laws?
Move on. And where do you work?
obviously the IRS. Obviously. I'm so important. Carolyn - what is the forward movement you want for this country?
Desolve the IRS!  Getting back to our first love,The Lord. Stopping all this BS stuff. Ppl working-not mooching
so how is any of that embodied in Trump? Seriously? He's gone bankrupt 6 times
are you going to denounce the 60+ members that are boycotting the inauguration. Nothing more un American.
Vote NO on Betsy DeVos! Grinning like a dope while NOT answering any questions?! NO views on sexual assault on campuses?!
@JohnJH09 @PattyMurray having rape cases investigated by anyone other than police was a disastrous idea
@SenWarren why is she even getting a hearing without proper ethics review all of documents?
Because Reps lead by the charge of @SenAlexander are rushing them through #notransparency
@SenWarren Its a rush job. Someone is getting paid. America is getting duped.
@SenWarren absolutely not! When you have a rat cornered --- you don't let it go! !
.@PattyMurray what are they trying to hide?
Putin making selections through his puppet. All of these bad picks not coincidence. Destroying US from inside.
They had uniformed officers, plus undercover instigators at BLM protests creating violence
This was horrible to watch, though not as bad as watching the responses.
thanks my Senator for fighting Devos. I am an Educator and constituent 
@ActDontReact @PattyMurray Senator, please reject her, she is unfit and unqualified! Thanks!
Yeah go put a political hack in her place that never did anything for Anyone. U Dems R a JOKE
She doesn't know difference between growth vs proficiency,has NO business being SOE!
Dem r Afraid of her b/c she isn't going to take kick backs from teachers unions
way to important to limit time
.@PattyMurray Thx for your amazing advocacy. I am a school psych. Would  to posit some tough Qs to DeVos.
I'd like to hear those tough questions and answers.
Tweet it
If you ask pertinent questions #SenateHearings #HotAir
my answer is "no". I listen to all questions and answers despite party affiliation and then make up my mind, after research.
Sham and scam
They should ask all their questions during debate on the Senate floor for the record. #resist
@SenWarren I think they should. U just have a problem because she is Trumps pick. U and @SenWarren had no class during hearing
@PatrickKampert That women doesn't even know what she is talking about. That is very sad.
@PatrickKampert They should have the right to ask as many questions. These are important positions they are taking.
@DMansini 
5min: A horrible 'rule' designed to conceal @BetsyDevos total ignorance of educational issues, policies, and laws.
STOP THE MADNESS 
stay the inauguration NOW or its over
@RonWyden only democratic senators,because you aren't trying to ask ANYTHING real.just liberal b.s., that we've had enough of.
especially when questions were not being answered. If they don't answer, they don't get in.
Especially since not all candidates have been vetted by background and ethics checks.
@CoryBooker 5 mins? Totally unacceptable! Congress has a fiduciary responsibility to citizens for thorough vetting.
@CoryBooker Get up and start cussing DEMS....play time is over....the GOP control every thing
@CoryBooker maybe if they would actually ask questions...
resign in shame. #Demexit
@CoryBooker It isn't even possible to get to substance in 5 minutes
Senators have been getting 5min forever why change it now.
@glowsgarden u dems are clowns..grown ups acting like petulant kids..no wonder u lost
. @PattyMurray RT's aren't going to get anything done. What are you doing about it!?
I think the two of you were lying that even children remarked on it. Can't have them watch profound disrespect
At least wait on the ETHIC PAPERS before comfirming. Wrong in so many ways what the Republicans are doing with these hearings,
You should have all the time you need to get to the crux of any matter.  You are doing the people's work!!!
Most democrates are stupid hypocrites 5 minutes is too generous
please ask these characters from a bad film noir their perspectives rather than yes and no questions . We need to out them.
Your questions have been phenomenal. Keep the good fight on our behalf.
Should be 5 days.
we've got questions!  Let them answer!
vote NO on Devos. Please.
especially when you have to ask a ? 5 times/different ways  to get an answer
@annemck653 Time doesn't matter. What does matter is that the Senators who have taken money from her should recuse themselves.
@SenWarren this was horrible. I called your office today to thank you for fighting this. Disservice to our children. 
If DeVos doesn't know what IDEA is, let alone any part of Ed, she should not be heading it. Walk a day in my shoes teaching K.
Please let Trump you are the wall that will keep him from abusing his power. Vote against unqualified appointees.
Thank you. DeVos is only qualified to be the rich scion of a cultish, priviledged hate group, not an education public servant.
#NoToDeVos
Unethical cabinet will all be confirmed, due to majority.  How will you fight for us afterwards?  We will help you!!
Plan for a bigger swamp. I will be shocked if any of these criminals are NOT confirmed. GOP got super trashy.
@dcasapwarren They should take as much time as necessary.
@Brantre123 the time limit is as outrageous as it is transparent. U dont entice a person of leisure w/tedious lengthy Q&A FFS
Because they KNOW these criminals will be by-passed on ethical check & GOP pushing them in so they can further blackmail trump.
while they distract us with this circus act, who watching what they are doing down the street?
You realize RT is Russian Media controlled by Putin.
#OpposeDeVos
@nora_kaszuba That wd inc Sanders & Warren. Still want to go that route?
the #GOP disregard for how unqualified these nominees are is mind blowing!!
@SoSofieFatale Great job, Senator Murray. Thank you.
Great work trying!  Lamar Alexander is a travesty!
Great job today, Senator Murray!!!
In your case Patty, it should be 2.
AMERICANS WANT TO SEE HER WRITTEN RESPONSES!
absolute disgrace.Same treatment they say..except for that pesky OGE letter and the fact that it's not the same. #gophypocrites
should get cut off for lying too.!
We all know who c-span works for  they suck up to the GOP bad
Especially given all the questions his picks raise.
@patty_james What,are you nuts? Happy
@MorganLsneed Allow Congress 2 talk endlessly, so there's never a vote? Reid fixed that.  What's good 4 Obama is good 4 Trump!
Thank you, @TrueAntiGov for standing up for Public schools. I teach in a Blue Ribbon Public School in NY we need people to stand for us.
@RonWyden ABSOLUTELY!  and I've let him know twice here and left messages. These are our departments - we deserve transparency
She seems to be a 'nut case' and totally unprepared which is an insult to all of the people that came to interview her.
Trumps attention span
5 Minutes is totally inadequate for such an important event that affects the future of the US. Please include my vote
I don't know how you can sit up there w/ the Republican Senators & not flip out on them. The process is like a kangeroo court.
Republicans are incapable of governance, @GOP prove everyday.
So proud of your questioning and comments today and proud you are from Whidbey. Keep speaking for me!!
Ridiculous! Should have 3 rounds each. This needs reform.
Go get this guy! You did an awesome job today. #cabinetnominees
It's their way of oppressing all voices that disagree! Putin must be pleased.
just u
@SenateDems @TheDemocrats A person as incapable as her needs EXTREME VETTING be4 we allow!! Block at all costs #BackLashNow
@dnsara2 This will impact all Americans! 
Something to hide?
#InsiderTrading 
#unqualifiedforEduc
#suspiciousRush
@TrentonOB56
5 minutes is not a long enough interview for anyone in any industry. Not even for a barista job.
republicans CHEAT!!! why is ANYONE surprised by this? corporations=THEIVES!!! don't expect THIEVES 2 have a conscience!!! WOW!
Trump's pick for ED doesn't know that childcare is part of ED. (Head Start & Early Head Start). Boo!! Unqualified
most ridiculous hearings EVER! Imagine if the DEMS would have pulled this over the years?
Will the rules apply to both parties? Because partisanship is killing the Republic.
@GWillowWilson  totally absurd. WHY even have government if it's not allowed to DO ITS JOB?
@greenie5150 agree totally but what do u expect from a group that can only communicate in tweets?
@SenWarren I think you and warren should be cut off.
no you shouldn't be cut off on your speeches, no matter how long the speech is. Be passionate! Stand up thanks Joan Bates
T***p's completely unqualified appointees dodge so many questions that having more time might not make much of a difference, @PattyMurray!
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @Gop is doing permanent harm to GOP reputation. Being seen as amoral
Sen. Murray, saw you questioning Price this morning, but I didn't have the stomach to watch.
Dirty snakes, republicans reducing questioning to 5 minutes!
That woman is not qualified.
as a nurse, no break, until the patient stable to hand over to another care giver We'd be dead with their work ethics
@SenWarren Retweet if you think D-Senators should support amendments that would reduce cost of prescription meds @OurRevolution
Sorry, but I think all Republicans should be cut off after 5 minutes. That is all the cover up I can take.
#DeVos is horrible..lacks experience, knowledge and expertise in the field. supporting her will b a disservice to children/children with DD
Um Patty - #BigPharma is calling - you need to kiss their asses some more........
@onewhistler AMERICANS deserve the TRUTH, it is our right
It doesn't seem 2 matter what we think. Get it together & you elected ones pls take off the gloves & 
DO SOMETHING about it!

what an insult.
please do not vote her in
5 minutes!?! That's all you get? Outraged, really, we elected you all to protect, get right person etc.. Bengazi was for hours?
I think they shouldn't waste time grand standing when they are gonna gonna vote to confirm anyway
stop only after all questions are asked and all questions are satisfactorily answered
Railroad job by GOP. They are dishonest and should be voted out ASAP. Every one.
@now7grandkids paramedicgrahamsings ya go on have a look me x
5 minutes is a joke.
NO!!! All shld have MORE time! 5m not enough for job interview. But what difference would it make, all will b confirmed anyway.
didn't get to watch the entire thing but was grateful for you and others that actually askd good questions and MADE her answer
they should have TWO ROUNDS EACH! !
I can tell you that at least one non-minority HAS COMPLETELY LOST HER ABILITY TO SEE ANY DOCTOR! This is because of the ACA.
@RonWyden Maybe they figure any more time would be a waste, because you won't listen even when the answer is good.
Your treatment of Dr. Price was disgusting. You lied about your pvt convo w/him & you know it. Censure 2 good 4 u.
@SenSchumer more fake news from CNN Price put his assets in a blind trust unlike Harry Reid who made millions scamming us
.
you should be cut off if you're a leftist fool
stop saying "reproductive rights " when you really mean abortion . Ty
everyone knows what you are referring to 
try shortening your questions. It's simple math!
I hope the @DNC reminds local voters how the GOP has pushed thru these extremist nominations. Gov by bullying.
u r a the reason this country is in disarray. U do not speak for all Americans so shut your mouth when trying to speak for me.
you are uncivil and obnoxious with your questions of a reputable Doctor. Hold your head in shame. Hopefully u will be voted out
Yes, why are they even holding hearings if they  haven't submitted docs for ethics review?  Keep pushing at them!
whats the point of even being there. All dems should abstain from attending. Let republicans carry all the blame
Francken was right rigged by GOPs. Betsy Devon has no experience doesn't care about the poor or middle class in education!
There is too much info to get for a 5 minute limit
It's ridiculous!!!!!!'
Are the GOP public servants or not? The public has a right to know everything that may be relevant.
Senator Murray should never be allowed to ask such stupid questions! Who in the hell voted for her needs therapy!!!
SENS have an obligation to assess qualifications of cabinet secs. None of TRUMPS nominees even come close.
Repubs don't care what America thinks, unless shoe's on other foot.
@PattyMurray
It was awful. Push em harder, please.
@SenWarren as long as they dodge , you should be able ask. Or country has to survive this b.s. do your job protect us.
@SenWarren you are trying to confirm someone. Ask ?s till you get the right answer.
only if you monologue like you did . Learn to be succinct and you may be taken seriously.
@SenSchumer @SenFranken got in the best comment on these limited hearings for Trump appointees-- "Benghazi went 11 hrs!" 
Absolutely not.
Get a tissue and diaper pin Cupcake
dems stuxk obamacare down oue throats in 2009. They knew that obamacare was bad. shame on them & nancy Pelosi.
This is outrageous!!! These hearings should take days. What else can we do besides RT?
i was hoping you would have been cut off after 2. ;)
- this "rush to confirm" does an injustice to the American people.
kindly visit our go fund page
any donation is appreciated
senator Murray pls make a donation to our charity
RT @SSWorks: RT @PattyMurray: RT if you think Senators shouldn't be cut off after just 5 minutes of (cont) http://tl.gd/n_1sphrp2 
of course they do! Less chance of having to answer those hard questions!!
thank you for fighting the good fight. Wish you were still my senator.
@tailsofLA Absolutely not! 5 min is not enough time to get info into Trumps Cesspool of Picks! Let them explain to dying person
