That is wonderful!!!!!!
@GOP is enemy of the America. They must be thwarted/unelected as fast as possible. Dems move to the middle. A new Conservative party born.
If Obama can get elected 2X then there is proof the Dems are fully capable of getting out the votes. When Russia meddles we have no chance.
Wrong. Obama got elected twice because people were less informed about what's going on in the government. Has nothing to do with Russia and
everything to do with Democrats accepting bribes just like the Republicans. We can't trust the Democrats to improve healthcare when they're
taking bribes from insurance companies and Big Pharma. These are also the same Democrats that whenever asked about Singlepayer they say
"Where would we get the money from it?" and yet the large majority of them just voted in favor of giving Trump 700 billion dollars to bomb
people overseas.
No birth control. No abortion. No child care. What do they think pregnant women are supposed to do? (die from illegal abortions, I suppose)
I see the "barefoot, pregnant and in the kitchen" wing of the GOP is ascendant.
About time!! That's a personal issue that you should pay for yourself, quit being such entitled little babies and take care of yourself!!
So a woman (girl) can afford an $800 iPhone but can’t pay $9/month for birth control? #priorities
So I have to pay the same insurance you do but your Viagra is covered & my bc isn't? It's used for medical conditions too. #AskaGirl
Viagra should be covered. Part of being a responsible adult is finding a job that will cover ur needs. I went w/o insurance for a few 1/
Then birth control should be covered. I'm done.
This must be the change that @SenRandPauI wanted to see.
Gov't feeds me,houses me, gives me a phone, gives me healthcare for free, Now I want a new car for free so I can see the USA in my Chevrolet
What a tragedy!! Obama care doesn't cover anything now.
So get behind @SenSanders and support and fight for #Singlepayer!
that's great news!
Medicare-For-All could fix that... If only there were someone representing the People's interests.  #PeoplesParty
How do propose the gov pay 4 it! It will bankrupt the country. Gov can't collect enough tax money from rich down to poor to provide.
Maybe we stop spending 3x the next biggest military budget in the world, occupying and bombing 1/2 the Mid-East.
AND, what you would pay in taxes for Single-Payer is less than you pay your insurance provider now,
for incomplete coverage and the risk of bankruptcy if you get sick.
And men get the hard on meds so they can continue sexually assaulting women I guess?  Wow. Is this a bad dream? Pinch me-Not U trump!
How about teaching our youth about waiting until they get married before having sex? So, you think the Federal Government did a better job?

People would have to start taking responsibility for their sexual activity? Horrifying.
Women do not see birth control as a ticket to promiscuity.  Lots of married women use it. And please consider high-risk pregnancy.
WHAT IN THE HELL IS WRONG WITH THESE GUYS?!!  This would cause civil unrest. WHY? TELL ME DOES IT COVER VIAGRA?! Or not Covering either?!!!!
Infuriating - I am literally writing a sex ed lesson plan for PVD high schoolers right now that includes information on free/subsidized BC.
Let me be clear: access to birth control is a human right that is essential for protecting individuals' bodily autonomy.
A human right? WOW, a bit of a stretch. You liberals are all the same using scare tactics to push your agenda
Yes, a human right & the @UN agrees. Family planning reduces poverty, improves health, promotes gender equality & access to education/work.
The un is freaking joke!!!
https://scontent.fsnc1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/22008191_1579342698754473_7062120905044661292_n.jpg?oh=3d61d2125d332b721017dc043c8cd3f3&oe=5A4605F8 …
I don't need birth control, I'm currently forced to pay for it...
Where is it written that a govt should cover the people's birth control.  Wouldnt that be something an individual would take care of?
#GrahamCassidyBill bill would allow states to not cover many more provisions in #ACA in addition to birth control.
Buy your own birth control. How absolutely STUPID!!!
Exactly!  Because millions of us don't need it - consumer choice!
Then viagra shouldnt be covered, or prostate surgery. Most of us don't need it. But, your wife or daughter might need BC for medical issues.
This is dangerous and risks prolonged and protracted civil unrest.
Blacklisting tens of thousands of people from health care risks mass interstate migration and increased desperation among the sick.
It will hurt the economy: citizens with treatable health conditions who are currently economically productive will cease to be.
Many in that situation who are able may choose to depart the United States altogether.
The American people are already standing on the edge. It's time for Congress to stop pushing.
I’m one of them. If this happens, I don’t know what I’ll do. I’m losing weight, not eating & docs don’t know why..this complicates my care
Its only puppy love
They hate women & think they belong in the kitchen pregnant & barefoot. 
What decade are these people living in? Time for term limits.
Good..cant we at least buy our own birth control products to lowet premiums?
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B074RT1SYC/ref=mp_s_a_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1506384653&sr=1-6&pi=SL140_SY180_CR0,0,140,180_QL70 …
How great that would be. Another entitlement the American people would not have to pay for
#RepealObamacare
@TheDemocrats Why in the world would THAT bother democrats?  It help planned parentHood activities.  Keep those baby parts coming . . .
But, but, but...what about the Viagra???
#GrahamCassidy would surely cover their Viagra, right?
jerks.
I woukd be ok with it just covering birth control for liberals so perhaps the world is contaminated at a slower place.
Damn... you mean I'd have to buy my own condoms?!!!
It would also allow states like California to bankrupt itself paying for everyone's med costs. Some Dems sabotaging country.
Because the States are tired of paying for other's birth control systems. #truth #holla #BlessedAndGrateful
They will not support the morning after pill, your alt-abortion tactic
That is the only one
No wonder liberals lie so much. lying leadership
Refreshing to hear @SenatorCarper admit ACA was GOP brainchild,  written by Heritage Foundation. The answer is clear. #MedicareForAll
Good. I shouldn't have to pay for someone else's birth control.
So what.  So many other issues to address and this is what you hang your hat on??
Good....seriously
They are pro -life until the child's first breath.  I just don't get it.
Aside from the inhumanity, this bill would collapse the economy.
That's good think of all the extra babies you liberals could kill
Apparently Obamacare allows the same thing, so what are you complaining about?
Ridiculous! The GOP can no longer say they are pro-life, or conservative. Their only claim can be they choose oppression, ignorance & hate

Terrible that states should be “allowed” to do things, eh Democrats? You are a scandal and a shame.
What is this? The 1950s? Women of the world better wake up.
Trump has taught Republican Senators to lie as well as him!#Shameful #DoNoHarm
Seriously?
States don't cover auto, home owners, life, fire, etc.  Why cover birth control. What happened to individual responsibility?
Most women do not see birth control as a ticket to promiscuity. Seems like so many men see it this way.
Not me! I feel the man is more responsible for birth control than the woman but in truth it is a joint / co-joined responsibility!
You can buy affordable birth control without health insurance.
I'm guessing Viagra is still covered though #fucktheGOP #fuckpatriarchy
Insurance companies won't willingly do this--costs of unplanned pregnancy are too high--but religious maniac state legs could insist.
So it would be a state decision to allow birth control or not. Ask the voters.
So? Why should I pay for someone else's sexual behavior? If they want to engage in sex, why do you want me to pay?

@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski please vote NO and save millions of lives. The bill is cruel and unjust. RESIST.
GOP legislating their beliefs like a weapon. #deplorable and just plain stupid.
Condoms are cheap.  Abstenance free
big deal. birth control is cheap
Sure, because what the U.S. needs is to be overpopulated even MORE. And what about women who need BC for health reasons, unrelated to sex?
My goodness? CHOICES?! Fight!
(That was ironic humor I n case you humorless SJW types missed it)
Exactly why should it be free again?
good. if one wants to do the deed then pay 4 your own birth control
Great why should we
If I could be at the health care debate tonight I'd chant"Candy and Nuts, Candy and Nuts the Graham-Cassidy Bill is full of Candy and Nuts!"
The GOP is Waging War on American women
No they r not! Why should i & other policy holders & taxpayer b responsible 4 protecting the choice of u & ur partner! Grow up!
#DonaldTrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
Murdering babies is your favorite method of birth control...genocide, as the founder of planned parenthood used it...Hitler gave her awards!
I bet it still covers erectile dysfunction medicine though. 
Will they restrict Viagra as well???
But I'm sure viagra still is?
ridiculous bullshit, no one ever paid for mine in the sixties or seventies, there are more important issues here than birth control
My bc was NOT pd for in the 80s or 90s either. BC was a personal choice & the cost was the responsibility of those choosing it!
Great 
Why should the Government have to pay for birth control?  Really dumb.
In some instances people had Birth control dropped/not covered by Obamacare..plans pick and choose what's covered..
What will @SenateDems be doing to delay/obstruct a vote on such a harmful bill?
And the downside is?
Why should it?  But your own. Why should I fund it?
By same token,why pay for blood pressure or diabetes meds for the overweight? Or,say, burn care for kid burned by firecracker?preventable.
To which Planned Parenthood stood up and CHEERED!!!
Keeping sexual apendages in control and making better decisions instead of abortion would not necessitate GOV handouts! Free love so 60's
Condoms combined with FAM costs next to nothing. Oh...you want a remote control and a recliner. My bad.
BC & abortion r elective personal decisions.  Why should other policy holders & taxpayers b responsible 2 pay 4? Other electives not covered
If you're too poor to buy a rubber, you shouldn't be having sex.
Good. 7-11 has the same thing for cheap anyways.
Majority of Americans don't believe we should have to pay for someone else abortions or birth control
Of course it wouldn't. How else are the poor supposed to breed enough people for the 1% to walk on if birth control is just handed out?!
You mean abortion
OMG! Keeping your legs crossed isn't covered! Heaven help us!
Tell me again there is no war on women by the GOP?
There is no war onwomen. Sex & bc is a personal choice & expense of the couple. My birth control was NEVER pd by my health ins, WE PD 4 it
 https://t.co/GqUBMcxKK2 
Good!!! Give States back the power to choose!!!
Yeah!!!!!!!!  Thank God my taxpayer dollars will not be spent on ripping a baby apart in his mother's womb. My right to free speech!
Don't need to mess around it is not in the bible
To @realDonaldTrump and the @GOP women are just objects.  No birth control, but you can bank on the fact that viagra will be covered!
@lisamurkowski @RandPaul, don’t be bought or bribed to get your vote. Think about process & the role of order that has gotten U.S. here.
Booooo #mean
Of course... #GopAreSonsABitches right along w/ #LittleTinyHands @POTUS
Or Viagra?
Why would I want birth control and required to pay for it, when I don't need it??
Don't pay for birth control with my tax $. Face lifts are elective surgery & I don't want taxes to pay for them either. Oh yea they don't!
Don't forget this in Nov 2018! Republicans are the enemy of America. They have to go. #voteThemout
No it would take away all of the BS mandates of Obama care. 
#RecallDemocrats
#DemocratsSuck
do Rs understand that if they dont cover birth control, then the amount of people on welfare programs is going to rise?
This is what happened in MI when Medicaid stopped covering abortion: Sharp rise in children born into poverty who depend on aid as adults.
not a surprise.  this isn't about being "pro life." this isnt about conservatism.  this is about punishing the poor & poor women, especially
How is it punishment? The couple needs to be responsible 4 their choices. 100 yrs ago b4 bc, coupled took responsibility with no welfare!
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins This bill keeps getting worse especially for women. Please vote NO #GrahamCassidy
Keep calling your senators. No to CRUEL BILL
And why should they be forced to? I remember the old days when men and women could buy their own birth control.
Not only could, HAD to pay for our own birth control! No ins pd for it until the late 90s. It was called personal responsibility 4 ur choice
But Viagra is covered? And Cialis?
That's right States with control to come up with real solutions in a bi-partisan fashion. Congress is unable to work together for solutions!
The #GrahamCassidyDeathBill is a slap in the face to ALL Americans, along with waiting until October for #PuertoRicoRelief
Can we impeach POTUS and others in his administration for failure to provide for health and safety of US citizens in Puerto Rico?
Conservatives just can't stand when a woman enjoys sex or god forbid she tries to NOT bring a life into the world she knows she cant afford.
Why is anyone except the couple responsible 4 bc! Be responsible 4 your own actions!
Why are men allowed to get Viagra for free through insurance?  Be responsible for your own hard-ons!!
I'll bet Cialis and Viagra are covered because, of course...
But also cut off healthcare for people who need it. Yeah the GOP are sooooo pro-life.
Republicans are determined to destroy women's lives. They seem to have no greater purpose than start wars and Destroy women
But heaven help you if you want or need an abortion. All about keeping women barefoot and pregnant and in their places: Bedroom and kitchen
But it still covers viagra, right? Cause inability to get it up is a very serious health issue that afflicts many of these petty tyrants.
Birth control isn't a right. It's a responsibility. Taxpayers shouldn't pay for it nor abortions
Unacceptable
This goes beyond "birth control"   Those medicines are also integral in treating all kinds of illness: hormonal, endocrine , severe bleeding
Medication used 4 medical treatment is different & should b allowed. BC just used 4 bc should be the financial responsibility of couple.
It wasn't . And sometimes, it is detrimental to the woman get pregnant and the only other option is MAJOR surgery with 8 weeks recovery.
I remember old days when it wasn't covered. I was young &had endocrine issues. And I needed hormone treatmemts.  Insurance wouldn't cover it
Even The Bribe Is Bogus: Alaska & Other States Get Screwed Under #GrahamCassidy
More lies from the left
MedicareForAll  you all keep screwing Americans with your games.
MFA will bankrupt country! Cant collect enough taxes to pay for. NO country has universal HC that doesn't have major issues like up yr wait
Is it covering Viagra?
Hi, @lisamurkowski, @SenatorCollins. Just wanted to make sure you saw this.
add to this that BC is often first-line treatment for many HEALTH issues that have nothing to do with family planning.
Exactly! BC one of primary options for women suffering from endometriosis. Shouldn't be shamed for trying to live a normal, pain-free life.
This is like watching my country being taken over by ISIS.
WOW! You liberals are all the same using scare tactics with our most vulnerable
I 'm sure Viagra would still be covered.
Big news that GOP thinks women don't matter.

https://www.healthcare.gov 



Guess what ELSE couldn’t be legally covered STARTING IN 98 DAYS?
I have no doubt it covers Viagra 
WHAT STATE WOULD DENY BIRTH CONTROL
I'll bet Viagra will still be covered....

OMG!! Taking responsibility for your own sex life!!!  Say it ain't so !!!
In what world is using birth control NOT taking responsibility for your own sex life?
Get real: the alternative here is not ppl finding $ to suddenly afford (often expensive) bc, it's not using any at all.
...that would be up to the states though? That means you can vote in somebody who supports birth control correct?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
WAY

KILL THIS BILL ON THE FLOOR FOREVER!!!!
thats great news please get it passed right away
No surprise thier purpose is to harm women children and the poor all the whole in the name of God and donors
Purpose is to make ppl be responsible 4 their own decisions & stop making others pay 4 them.  My bc was NEVER PD by ins. I pd 4 it.
good!
Bet it covers viagra and other ED drugs though.
.@GOP: You #Losers need to attack using social media. The Dimm Borgs are killing you! #WakeTheFuckUp!
