McConnell adds in a few "improvements." Swing votes claim wins. Do not be fooled. #Trumpcare
Still a terrible bill. Still all to pay for tax breaks for the wealthy few. Stay loud this weekend.  #Trumpcare
Why can’t you stop this
Democrats can campaign against it, to increase it's unpopularity and turn up the pressure, but only Republicans can stop it.
Unfortunately, the really "mean" parts don't kick in until AFTER the 2018 Election & horrendous Medicaid changes kick in AFTER the 2020 one.
Their base will if they don't see immediate changes to their own, personal plan. They'll have no concerns for folks suffering immediately.
Boycott Mitch McConnell s donors.
Brawny, Jack Daniels, Dixie brand, angel soft to name a few.
Boycott #MitchMcConnel doners @JackDaniels_US #DixiBrand @AngelSoft  if they want 2 support 1 who does Not Represent us they willNotGet my$!
I know right! I keep seeing "thank goodness Ted Cruz is going to vote no" uh..no..he's waiting for something and then he'll climb on board!
Cruz will never vote NO...he never intended to. Smokescreen.
I think you're right. This is more about optics and what kind of deal he can make with #TrumpsBitchMitch
McC does not realize how angry USA is about this/ins companies are legal extortion & we just have to realize, some ppl need taking care of
McConnell knows exactly what he's doing and the suffering he will cause. His own pockets are more important to him.
Yes, they have been taught that by thinning our numbers of ppl, they will have more power & money. Legislative murder/no penalty 2 kill us
@SenMajLdr So, you're going to be giving a lot of handjobs this weekend? Or just the regular promised ones? We all know you lack Integrity!
What are we to do if it passes? I'm sorry but I had 2  attacks @ 46. It's genetic. I'm 59; about time 4 another one. I also have a son with
SMI: auditory hallucinations; delusions; paranoia; anosognosia. He had Dreams, talents, passion. Now, he is a Victim of a broken mental
health system that has denied him medical treatment until he commits a crime & is arrested. Now--he and I may have NO insurance 4 no-fault
diseases? Brain disease and heart disease are hereditary; still, this administration shames, shuns and seeks to destroy us? Destroy my son?
I am both terrified and mortified! ACHA in all its forms is a #DeathSentence 2 my son...  I cannot endure that.  He'll get so sick that he
he.will.die. So, I ask of anyone~~what if ACHA passes? I'm so angry that this admin. & GOP have subjected us 2 such terror. #NOtoDeplorables
Jeff Flake was in a dinner with the Koch Brothers last night!!!!  He will vote for the bill.
#Trumpcare #GOPCare
He learned from Pelosi
What is wrong with this monster McConnell?
Just a venal, evil old man
Old White* Man-one of the very ones that he is so moved to let die. So money is the key 2 who lives &who dies N the Survival of the fitists.
Closed-door deals & bribes. Crazy, ridiculous, & wrong:
http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/06/senate-health-care-bill-includes-houses-buffalo-bribe.html …
12: Lastly: the Senate bill includes the CEO Sweetener and the Buffalo Bribe. Will they add a Polar Payoff for Sen. Murkowski?
Focus on these GOP Senators on-the-fence on Trumpcare and/or up for re-election in 2018:
Consult this tracker over upcoming wk. Target GOP Senators not yet in favor of #Trumpcare & ones up for re-election.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/politics/ahca-senate-whip-count/?utm_term=.41fb53199446 … 
It's unfortunate that the ACA is not being completely repealed. We are so far into it that the basic premise lives on.
@sue8bling Like Cruz who went from calling Trump a pathological liar to then endorsing the oligarch for the White House.
@lahubelevates we have the worst political members in history of America
Afraid of Trump. Republicans will vote as told just like my Senator LITTLE MARCO
Russian money for their coffers helps.
McConnell needs to go.
I want 2 B SO wrong about this, & i must say i believe your assmnt.The death eaters R  EVERYWHERE, the fix is in- unless EVERY1 calls NOW.
The Kochs, plain and simple. They have a meeting with Repubs in Colorado Springs.
Like the kind of deals democrats made that killed the public option?
Of course he will...assisted by Koch brothers. Was the ever any doubt?
@cranky_david I am baffled how McConnell has stayed around so long. Do the citizens of his state actually benefit from him?
i think kentucky is just happy to have someone in the lineup.
You would think with Kynect the people would have a better clue how ACA benefitted them.
but I don't think any significant number of them equate the two.
Obviously. And that is a shame.
Naturally; I don't believe anyone was expecting anything else.
#BernieBros would rather have #TrumpCare
Than #HRC #POTUS
#BerniesBros are traders to american workers
You won,this is your result,enjoy it.
I'm gonna pass on the AHCA & sign up for the one @realDonaldTrump promised....lower premiums, better coverage, more choices. Yeah, that one.
LOL. Literal, actual LOL
That's the only leverage mcconnell needs
@kasthomas that sucks. If Trump was draining the swamp I figured McConnell would be close to the drain
Trump can't remove people from the senate. If he wants anything done legislatively he needs him sadly.
yes he can
Our democracy is dead. Back-room deals? Are these, hmmmm, broadcast on CSPAN?
Backroom deals have happened throughout our history. Social Media has brought that fact out. More people are now AWARE, but what now?
No! Who do we call to stop him?
I'm on vacation but assume you and @SenJeffMerkley won't deal. 
#HellerVoteNo
Thanks for fighting for us Oregonians.  We're fortunate to have you, Merkley & Blumenauer. Other states aren't so fortunate. Hang in there!
You are a joke.
This is just another broken clog in the Government machine. You Asshats broke the system.
This is important: Over the weekend, McConnell will likely make a series of backroom deals to win over the crucial votes. #Trumpcare
this is what crooked ppl do
It sounds like the Dirty McConnell will bring out theto change their minds. Since the GOP involved in laundering, they're flushed with
#trumpdoesNOTcare
Do NOT believe 4 of the senators who said they're voting No - it is a con, just like 45 - #HellerVoteNO #SaveACA #politicaltheater
In my part of the world, we call those back rooms deals, bribery!
ut...oho!  let's see how good these senators can keep their stand on this bad, bad health care bill.
That snake disguised as a turtle disguised as a majority leader
Yeah, we know. And we are sad and angry. 
Thanks for your work.
McConnell is a vile, less than human being.  He should be demonized till he crawls back to the dark hole he came from.
Oh, to be a fly on that turtle's head.
But such deals will invalidate CBO score. So Senate wld viplate rules by voting on unescorted proposal

I've got a backroom deal for him....

Text RESIST to 50409 for fast easy way to fax Senators & Reps to VOTE NO TO #AHCA. Time is running out to stop this genocidal bill. PLS RT!
$$$ talks to Republicans.
The Buffalo Bribe is grotesque and needs to go. Offer an Amendment to remove it. More bad bribes coming.
KILL #AHCA TAX CUT
I reported last week trump is going to get his senate gift July 4 & later another tax cut
This is why we need to concentrate on swing vote senators. Call them again and again. Or this bill will be rammed through this week.
he is looting the Nation appropriating funds in a wasteful cover-up and intimidating, threatening, or buying legislators Mafia & .@gop style
#SaveACA #NoAHCA
This IS ALL POSTURING.There were always a list of concessions to give Senators cover to vote yes.
Why backroom deals? What happened to Congress representing us & not Trump & wealthy?
Lock him out.
And the Koch brothers will give those on the fence a financial incentive to vote yes.  We're all screwed.
You mean he would use money to buy their votes what a crooked organisation the GOP senators
Follow the money
Deals=bend over buddy! Owned forever!
More like backdoor deals if you catch my drift. 
So go to his office with a group of Dems and stop him.
We're paying attention Senator. Those 4 guys against is a con, a sham, a ruse. We know.
That is what @SenateMajLdr senatedoes best. Screwing the poor in our state #Kentucky works for Mitch not the other way. #nodeal
They are gathering with the Kochs as well. Prepare yourselves, Americans. 2018=must flip House & Senate. Find good candidates & GOTV
Senator...for certain he will. Infact, certain GOP added fat to their recent draft, to aid in the process.
Republicans are lighting a little tiny fire under the cauldron of trump voting frogs.  They will be frog stew by the 2020 elections.
That is what we sarcastically call "governance " now.
Just ludicrous, repubs need to learn this will be temporary and big waste of time&$. Will need to work together for a permanent solution!
Heller probably gets a pass.
When repubs get their way on health care, Don't loose you job, get sick, grow old,retire early or start a business ,unless your wealthy.
McConnell.....Friggin butt hole
Of course he will. The holdout of a few is scripted
Yes he will, Sir. The bottom line here...the Super Pacs want the PROMISED return(tax cuts) on their "INVESTMENTS"(campaign contribution)
Pray that these Senators have the courage of their convictions. They will be rewarded many fold...
McConnell will make a series of backroom deals to kill disabled, sick, and low-income Americans. #TrumpCareKills #GOPKills
#wealthcarebill
The will end up passing the bill and America will be headed for civil war.
I hope the family members of @congress will feel these back room deals are worth dying for. @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics
It we'll pass and those effected most have no one to blame but themselves. Putting so much power into hands of one party, devastating
Are the republicans that stupid to believe him?
Everyone sees those back door deals coming....
Y'all won't do nothing about it ya never do just watch requiem for the American dream corporations control our govt #notademocracy
I hope he knows we'll shove his pathetic ass out the back !
Backroom extortion & dirty deals.
He has Pence out working the streets sucking Kochs....I mean sucking up to the Kochs.
....ffs, look in the mirror, u rammed aca down our throats...see Pelosi's own words on the matter. 90% of law written AFTER passage
I don't believe in hell but if I did I so wish he'd spend eternity there.
I do believe as strongly suspect he has a "seat" there!!
#TrueDat
And the results will still kill me.
Right. They're called BRIBES.
the "donation" checks are being handed out by Koch Brothers, Ins companies and big Pharma
Let's pray he meets with misfortune.
#killthebill
This is the out @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski have been waiting for. Enjoy your Evil legacy. Not all of us are asleep despite your hopes
Beginning Monday, every Dem Senator should be protesting (sit in) outside Mitch's office ... and remain there until the AHCA vote.
Many of your GOP colleagues are spending weekend w/Koch bros. Deals made w/guy behind the curtain, not rump or McConnell!
Making it worse.
Dirty play is the only thing Mitch engages in. No surprise that he will be working on backroom deals for his death bill
You're right. The WH & its supporters & enablers are NO BETTER than gangsters. "Keep the faith, and spread it gently." -Adam Clayton Powell
I'm very concerned he will.  It is a frightening piece of legislation.
Horrible horrible horrible! Makes me sick.
Thx for being on MSM daily to bring attention to details of this horrible bill. I hope you're fighting tooth & nail to peel off GOP votes!
@SenateMajLdr will never be able to hide his role in the murder of sick children and elderly people, no matter how many back room deals.
I've called, faxed, and Tweeted @SenRonJohnson, attended rallies and die-in protests. Not sure what else to do.
If just ONE of the @SenateGOP taped that meeting they would go down in history as an American Hero
Dems isn't this murder? Docs/hospitals/assoc all document ppl will die. Hold for attempted murder/genocide. Stop this any way possible.
Please stop this @RonWyden! What can we do if we live in Oregon - who can we call, etc?
Just wait and see. He will for sure. 
I am a preexisting condition also!
so?
@GOP votes for this will be career suicide for you. Listen to your constinuents. This is not wanted. #voteno
With you....
Seems simple.  Cut Medicaid even more drastically and he gets four.
Great for @GOP,when Not in Power,they made #Dems bend to them. When #GOP control 3 Branches of Gov't & #MSM, the do as Pleased. Dems=Caution
He'll dole out some more Russian money to buy votes. #Treason #Traitor
I'll bet you my house cruel  #Trumpcare will pass.
Call it Swampcare
How does your statement help prevent that from happening Senator?
Do you mean the Mercers and Koch bros opening the checkbook?
Nasty.Old.Turtle...TRAITOR, LIAR, TREASONIST
@SenDeanHeller @robportman @SenRandPauI #NoTrumpCare #HellerVoteNo #PortmanVoteNo #PaulVoteNo #CollinsVoteNo NO ACA REPEAL #SAVEOURCARE
May even trade #wealthcare for diluted Russia sanctions.
Kabuki theater.  @SenTedCruz receives big money from the groups trying to shut this down.
knee pads all around.
#Indivisible
I guess they get the Koch Brothers & other big donors  pay them off so they can get this healthcare bill thru!
Plz stop - I lost my job and benefits run out June 30. I'm very scared.
McConnell needs to retire or go. Stain on our democracy.

Like that's a surprise.  He's a mean man....the meanest
Bribes and blackmail I'm sure....
Or try to.
Please stop these people. Our lives, the lives of our children and grandchildren are depending on U and like minded Senators. #Trumpcare
So the END of several careers in the making. McConnell is a stain. 
And what can anyone do about it?
Make calls, tell friends in GOP states, make more calls 
He has Big Phama/Big Insurance $$ to hand out to  GOP senators willing to play along.
Elections have consequences! You lost
McConnell & the GOP version of Robin Hood. Steal the health of the public and give tax breaks to the rich. Criminal, Immoral, unconscionable
Because they're the first politician who's ever done that right? Get over it! Save Oregon quit being so bias it doesn't look good on you!
Are you saying- -Let everyone else's house burn down while Oregon's house stays safe?  Ever hear about the "common defense"?  Save all!
he is the most #corrupt! No one west of the Mississippi respects that @sshole @SenateMajLdr the Dirtiest Filthiest Republican EVER
#taxBreaksForTheRich
This is not right or democratic. What is going on, that the GOP and WH can do as they please. What happened to morals and values??
% guaranteed!
Those oversized jowls will really be getting a work out.
Join your local Indivisible group, ya'll. The Resistance is out there, and we are mobilizing.
That's discusting.
@TallulahSC yes he will
Never doubted that was the plan
McConnell deals $$$$$ oh you want more $$$$$$$ etc....
@kirp24 And you're doing what again to stop it or work towards a #MedicareForAll replacement????????  Useless that's what you are.
Ain't that some ?!
Republicans! (Not GOP).. needs your real leadership! Crooked mcconnel can't possibly be representative of repub values
He should be tried 4Treason! Should be suspended until the investigation is concluded! #UnprecedentedActsRequireUnprecedentedConsequences
@realDonaldTrump should support our citizens - NOT the other way around!
@kasthomas we know Ron ,we know
Well, frankly, we kinda knew that...
They should be forced to watch the @wholeexpanse segment on The Last Word from tonight. Clockwork Orange style. Greedy bastards.
Today's WaPo story proved he is an evil b$stard who could care less about this nation or the people in it.
Backroom deals:
"Here's a picture of you with three whores. 2 of them are boys."
Stop this lunatic. Stop this killer.
Yes, he will work with representatives of the people to improve the plan, #PassTheBill
Are you a Russian "patriot?"  You kind of seem like one.
YEA! That CORRUPT TURTLE! WILL BE EATING ALOT OF CAKE! AND PARTYING WITH HIS CORRUPT BUDDIES! TOASTING CHAMPAGNE! CHEERS! mitch the b**ch!
Mr plastic surgery himself or just VERY ugly!
Or he will let it go to go for his real agenda...tax reform
Something Wyden has never done, I'm sure.......NOT
Ya think? We know.
Weaklings. 
Yep. He's not at risk in 2018, he'll sacrifice other's seats, blame the bill on Trump and be scot-free in 2020.
ALL 25 of the wealthiest nations provide healthcare for their citizens, all BUT the United states. Nations we give BILLIONS of aid to
And voters will never forget who approves this bill.
Full repeal of the #ACA is the deal we are looking for.
Because people should go bankrupt trying to give care to their aging parents and NICU babies, right? That make you feel better?
Well of course he will. He's waited 7 years without making any effort to improve the ACA. What else is left but cloaks and daggers. 'murica.
That stresses me out more than anything.
Shocked!!!  Unheard of!!
Is McConnell that evil? how could he do this anyone this is just pathetic and mcdummy is  a idiot for a president
It's called negotiating. Something an obstructionist like yourself doesn't know how to do.
May I recommend a book for you.
Does the public ever get to know what he traded and w whom?
Oh yeah and Trump will undoubtly upgrade their "freebies"at his Hotel/casinos. Disgusting 's
How much $$$ will change hands?
Oh so now we know how McConnell is going to spend his Russian money. Got it...
Anything to screw the average American. The backbone of America ! #NotUnderstandingThat
GODDAMN turtle dick. 

I super want to play 'whack a mole' (or turtle, in this scenario) w/ him just to see if his head sinks into his body
Millions of us need to hit the streets at this point.
Fuck the streets.  Flood their offices and camp outside their houses.
Thanks for your commitment to patient care
Don't trust most R's oppossion. Most will fall in line like sheep to get it passed.
I agree - but what to do? We make the calls, send the faxes, and scream loudly. That's all we can do. You all need to carry this through
They do what they can but they don't have as many votes as the GOP.
#DonTheCon HOODWINKED  his voters! #Resist #Trumpcare save #Medicaid McConnell's a  the Turncoat #GOP they'll all vote yes next wk. #Liars
Whispers, backroom deals, promises made, wheeling n dealing, all in the name of murder.
Of course he will. He is evil
With only 17% Support in his home state, what does he have over his fellow GOPs?
He controls the purse strings for reelection campaign money.
@CarmelJudeobsc1 Of course
What is this? Tammany Hall?
I agree. That guy would not have put it out there without knowing he can get the votes. GOP senators are selling their souls.
Oh yes the traitor snake
So true, we need to keep pressure up and #SaveOurCare
Like neither of you has health care. Most people can't afford what YOU have.
