WaPo: The EPA is spending nearly $25,000 to construct a secure, soundproof communications booth in Pruitt's office. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2017/09/26/epa-spending-almost-25000-to-install-a-secure-phone-booth-for-scott-pruitt/?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.a132bb20ba6d …
@LoriAnnBurd @kylegriffin1 open government?
Pruitt doesn't believe in open government. He believes in lining the pockets of corporate polluters.
polluters pay to play
! Corruption in action! Anything the EPA has to say is public information! These political hacks are dumb asses! Bad for America!
You know, unless he could prove a real use, he should not be using the money of this countries citizens. Let who ever he wants it 4 pay 4 it
Trump and the GOP have removed all checks and balances
How can they just use taxpayers money for that when EPA is for all. What the hell do they need that for? God I so want these people gone.
Swamp thy name is GOP @dovesrose5 @RonWyden
Waiting for GOP outrage. It should be along any day now. They are so good at moral outrage.
You are joking, right. They will probably be right in there with them. Too noticeable at the WH.
@kylegriffin1 Democracy Dies in Darkness & and the Environment in Soundproof Rooms...
Most transparent admin ever! Sealing themselves under the dome
Prob will benefit a few really really rich American polluting people as he makes his super-duper secret deals now. #fillingtheswamp
Pruitt is supposed to be a public servant. What possible justification could he have for this? 

Can he be questioned?
When we hire public servants to work for us we expect them too act sane. Where is the administration coming up with this stuff. Russia!
I think they’ve ALL gone paranoid and since they don’t act in good conscience they ‘need’ extra layers of ‘security’ just do your FN job!
How can this be allowed? Don’t you have rules on excessive shit, like Schocks Downton Abbey office extravaganza?
lol!
Pruitt's panic room?
So, tell him *no*
The EPA will have to stand for Evading the Penitentiary Again, because protecting the environment has been voided.

Can't you vote it down?


EPA needs sound proof office? Very very dangerous. #trumprussia #fbi get a FISA to bug by builders, cont #TrumpRussiaCollusion & espionage.
He probably is doing something illegal. Hell what am I saying, they all are doing something illegal.
Definitely NOT worth $25,000
Not 4 Americans. let who ever he needs it 4 pay.
That booth for only one reason, doing dirty biz, and screwing the people of this country over. Corp rape of the land & greed #Resist
This needs to stop.  The swamp was better than the sewer that is the current admin
There was no swamp it was a racist reference to all things Obama
Have been saying this since Day 1, though has much 2 do w/44 trump comments @ WHPC's Dinner '11. Remember 45 is small, sick & vindictive.
No. I don't think so either.
Says 'run it like a business;' means 'run it like a racket.'
He needs to be brought b4 congress about his 8 person security team, this booth and his flights. Investigate FIRE him @SenFeinstein
Why does he need a security team, unless he plans on doing something illegal.
Who ARE these people & what's the endgame?  Is this a pilferage or an attempt 2 overthrow our democracy?  Either seems 2 B a possibility.
Question I would like to have an answer to.
What'd he do, watch Get Smart?!
He needs his security team and privacy booth to protect him from Mother Earth!
This gets more screwed up every damn day!Using our tax dollars because you don't want US to hear the shit you're saying in an office WE fund
I have deal with my boss he doesn't care what hours I work as long as I don't have overtime for planned meetings.
Well that's great, sounds like my deal with the cows! Lol
Yea he thinks I'm crazy for going to work so early but I don't mind at all. I get more done with nobody there to bug me
My cows are the same way as long as they have plenty to eat.
LOL some days I would rather be working with cows myself I was virtually in some kind of meeting or training yesterday from 0830- 1530
I wouldn't know what to talk about for that length of time.
So get Congress to stop this. Pruitt thinks he's an aristocrat. Get him out!
If you need a Faraday Cage, then you're likely up to no good... Shine a bold light on all this shadowy shit!
Get the "Get Smart" cone of silence!
Give that to Puerto Rico!  
With all the criminality left over from 8 years of Democrat control. It is no surprise Trump people are concerned about security
bot bot
Is this to protect We the People or Trump swamp creatures?
What is this lunatic Pruitt up to? Another delusional Facist Gop moron wasting more taxpayer money. Who's' he talking to, Himself?
Well I hope nobody can hear themselves in it - like the cone of silence.

Why?
With $25,000 I could catch up on student loans.
Yeah, but... SOUNDPROOF BOOTHS are waaaaaaaay cooler!
Sounds like Get Smart and the "Cone of Silence."
Why is this shit *allowed*
Sounds like some sort of illegal business going on. Hasn't Pruitt been embezzling money for his fancy travels on the American tax $$$$$$$
Why?  Why the need for this kind of booth??
@realDonaldTrump is going to stumble into war with NK, dismantle state, set us back years environmentally. What are u doing about it
Trump is unfit - he must go. What are you doing to remove him from office before we blunder into nuclear war My daughters future at stake
The eyes of the world are on us. They fear the consequences of his obvious incompetence, ignorance, and instabilty. Congress must act NOW
Why? So Pruitt can secretly sell us down the river? Alert! We already know he is out to destroy the EPA.
He has made that abundantly clear. Yet another hypocritical rethuglican
Or our environment...
For secret convos w/ the polluters he will get kickbacks from, or his Russian buddies..So happy we get to pay for this grifter's
Can't he just speak a little softer?
Just a minute I have to take this in my soundproof booth. — He’s paranoid and corrupt.
The blatant waste of tax payer dollars in the Trump administration evidently has no bounds. Booth is consistent with an autocratic mindset.
Or of the planet 
I'm pretty sure they are.. You aren't however.  Should we dig through YOUR expenses? 25k is pretty damn minor for gov. employees.
Why don't they just give him a plane while they're at it?
How is this legal?  Is there any oversight?
The only reason to do this is because he has something to hide!  Enough! This is OUR country!  #2018
Can he not just visit a priest?
Why does he need an 18 person security detail????
Where's the other sound proof booth being installed?Russia? Koch bros industries? Why does Pruitt, the EPA Director need a sound proof booth
Max: Chief, we should use the cone of silence for this.
Chief: <Facepalm>
it doesn't matter the people of america are all slaves to the central banks ie the federal reserve
America -- we have a problem..........
It's just an air-conditioned closet so he can sit in there muttering "There's no such thing as climate change. There's no such thing as..."
what a devious nut job
What a freak!
For Jared and daddy to conduct business with Russia. What a ruse!
How can he get away with this?
You need to be replaced.  Maybe working in an environment where you must perform, will help you understand things more clearly.  Get a job
@EPA does not need a "cone of silence" from Get Smart.
Hahaha my money is on bureaucrats getting the contractor THEY hire to tap it.
Why did the Senate confirm this man?
Ask the Turtle. He'll loose his senate chair in short time. It's already in the  works per Trump.
I can keep going about how he is dismantling this very important agency but I think you get the picture. He is worse than gorsuch.
That is bullshit and a waste of tax dollars!
Precisely what this administration does. Waste taxpayer's money. 
#statingtheobvious #GrifterAdministration
Re organizing the office of environmental justice to be directly under his control. This is what he did in OK to hamstring enforcement.
Again... why does he still have a job?
Ridiculous.
All political appointees have strong ties to Inhofe or oil & gas industry or coal or monsanto or Dow chemical. Fox in hen house!
Why are taxpayers footing the bill for this, which does not seem needed?!
He has meetings with industry executives and then over rules his scientists cuz "he knows better" to rule in favor of industry.
Senator. Why does he still have a job. He lied to you about email. Lied about position on climate. Under investigation 4 travel issues.
Meanwhile he wants to slash funds for research & development and enforcement and everything else. Oh yeah and his personal security detail.
Maybe you can borrow it when health insurance companies give you campaign contributions. #MedicareForAll
It would be worthless in your office thats for sure
Wow send that money to Puerto Rico what would the EPA need a sound proof room they are insane spending tax money
Why? What's the big secret? @FBIWFO
The cone of silence
What?!!
Please investigate this.  It's a ridiculous waste of taxpayers' money.  On top of that, it's creepy.
How is this even legal??
Maybe it's for jacking off or peeing on a pile of taxpayer dollars? IDK?!
What’s next with this crook? Has he swept under the rug his 14 pending lawsuits against EPA that he filed as OK AG ?
yikes - that's perverse and obvious. #creepy
But something else for you to spin.
Why?  And I hope he's paying for it himself.
Proves them guilty.
Why does the EPA need a sound proof booth? It's not like it's part of the IC. This is a waste of taxpayer money.
It's time for an open meetings law and enforcement at Federal level.
LOL. Wut? #ConeOfSilence
@DrTomMartinPhD @kylegriffin1 Selling favors for campaign contributions may be illegal so he has to do in secret.
@kylegriffin1 isn't everything he would say in that booth subject to Freedom of information? Please get rid of the swamp critters
The same type in Mara largo?
Doesn't matter what conversations he's planning. He has learned to hide ALL conversations from Obama holdovers. Fool me once, shame on me...
#abuseofpower
Wow what to watch the taxpayers money..you cant use the EXISTING SCIF in the EPA facility?? @EPAScottPruitt

What do they need to hide from the US PUBLIC
Maybe he thinks he is Clark Kent?
This is insanity.
Senator, what recourse do we (you as my rep and me as a citizen) have regarding this misuse of taxpayer funds? I'm seeking solutions.
Pruitt appears to be mentally unfit to lead the EPA.  Or perhaps he's corrupt.  In either case, he needs to resign.
Who oversees such an expenditure? Nobody? Now Mnuchin will want one, along with his private plane rides.
Is that legal?
Ah,the cone of silence!
WTF?? Is this the 'cone of silence'?
Will the  GSA let us know when the direct line to Satan is being installed? Asking for a tree.

Is Pruitt paranoid? Sure sounds like it. Sound proof booth and a dozen or more people in his security detail.
Time for a bug to be put in there#FBI.
Why, he won't occupy that office much longer.  What a waste of taxpayer money
Why are we, the American people, funding this lunacy?  Is this even necessary?  He's head of the damned EPA.
What happened transparency in government? This is sad.
Why not just use The Cone of Silence from “”Get Smart”?
and they're calling it "The Cone of Silence"!
I think this is worth questioning, if not investigating! What's going on?
A powerful man this fearful has a lot to hide.
The back channel to Russia maybe?
GET TO WORK RON #termlimits
The cone of silence
Well played. Ya beat me to it.
No
I vote No!
That seems highly illegal. Are those conversations being recorded for record purposes?
Obscene waste of taxpayer money for an egomaniac devoted to promoting energy industry interests to the detriment of environment & citizenry.
Very well said....
We get what we allow... this is fucking crazy
How is this allowed? Are there no checks on cabinet members’ spending? Sure seems like there should be.
Whaaaaaaat? 
Outrageous!
Senator Wyden,
Is it a crime to misuse government funds for the purpose of hiding illegal business deals with private sector corporations?
@RonWyden find out what He's hiding
obviously hiding something - using the 'cone of silence' - would be funny if it wasn't so disturbing!
Geezus #fascism where is our right to know?

Why is this administration so secretive?
So who is he hiding his conversations from? The US government? This doesn't look dirty, not at all. #mostcorruptadminstationever
Of course not. He's either colluding with his buddies in oil, gas and mining industry or he's get advice from his attorneys.
Trump is a  Son of Bitch!  RT if you agree..
Very swampy
wow. $25k tax dollars to hide from the people he serves. "Conservative" means nothing anymore.
Yeah, wtf?
Way to throw some shade, Senator! And you continue to speak truth to power. #Grateful
Can we lock him in there?
So he can talk to the Russians like the rest of the Russian money laundering @GOP?!
Whispering to big oil, big miners, and all the people who are destroying our country because of money.
Excuse me, but how is Pruitt trying to justify this? It's the EPA (well, it was before he took over...), not the CIA, NSA, NSC, etc.
Sounds like Russia
Yep for Chump family n himself to communicate with Russia
What abt the 18 man security team?  For the EPA head?  Oversight needed here!  Or psych eval....
Why does our environment PROTECTION agency need to conduct their business in complete secret? This $25k is being wasted.
Secret phone line to oil companies, chemical plants.
Of course.
Why is he doing this?  It can’t be for the good of the country.
Would you believe ... a benefit to a select few coal barons?
Are those conversations subject to any record keeping laws?


Tap the booth!!
More BS! More waste of taxpayer $$$!
More fascism.
Exactly.  The only reason to hide behind soundproofing is you don't want anyone to hear the illegal and immoral things you are doing.
this design might be cheaper

Oops. Great minds think alike. :)
Will there be public record of who he talks to in the booth?
Where is the pennywise GOP and their outrage over spending?  Pruitt probably will take a private jet to the soundproof booth..
So Kremlinesque.
What conversations could Pruitt possibly have (about EPA business) that would necessitate a $25,000 soundproof booth?  Or private jets?
I think this is for Trump and family. Not epa secretary
What the heck does the EPA need with a soundproof booth?!
More back channel dealings $$$
It. Never. Ends.
Get off Twitter and get to work helping the people our State , the job you are paid to do with salary & benefits better than we have
This is incredible! Also, Pruitt requests Secret Service detail. They plan to destroy the earth & expect public outcry. Entirely nefarious!
It's his bomb shelter!
Your doubt is well-taken, Senator.
Along with Pruitt's immense security detail--on duty 24/7--I get the sense he might be waging war on something.  Oh, right, the environment.
WTF does the head of the #EPA need a #ConeOfSilence for? #ScottPruitt
Maybe Chuck and Nancy should talk to #fakeprez about Pruitt not keeping Donnie's promises   ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Praise taken away matters to 
Kowtowing to the oil industry should best be done in private...
<shhhhhhh!  It's where he hides his $uper $wampman costume... no telling!>
Burnnnn, hahah yeah ‘I am “in charge” of protecting the environment... could i have sound proof comms booth in my office?’ Very legitimate.
I share your doubts, Senator.
Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap.!
What happened to the most "TRANSPARENCY" #believeme promised repeatedly by #DonTheCon
The "Cone of Silence". Hope Pruitt's works just as poorly as Controls did for Maxwell Smart.
what could go wrong
Outrageous!
I am sure he is having very highly classified national security conversations that require it.
And he's putting it in a private jet.
Get emmmm
You don't need to whisper when you're actually protecting the environment!
He already has an OPS center, he should use it.
Well why are you not giving this to oversight committee to determine if this is Fraud, Waste, and Abuse!
#DoYourJob!
