thank you senator. so proud to have you representing oregonians in these harrowing days.
Im not from Oregon, but @RonWyden makes me wanna visit!
our senator is a badass. i am proud every time i see him appear. greetings from oregon 
Tacoma is as close as i got. I was supposed to exit in Seattle 
Visit. No sales tax. Enjoy.
THERE IS NO RUSSIA! Stop wasting taxpayer time & $$$$ ! Americans care about jobs, healthcare & taxes WHY DON'T YOU ? U need investigating
Russia is hacking our democracy. Without democracy, no jobs and health care. Only taxes.
The US is under Russian attack. Trump doesn't care.
There's no RUSSIA COLLUSION w Kushner, Trump Jr, or Manafort. Crooks r using taxpayer $$$$ to get on TV for campaign purposes ! Pathetic
Don Jr confessed to meeting with the Russians in order to get information on Clinton.  That's the definition of collusion.
Where did u get your law degree. No information, no collusion.  Let's talk Killary & the Ukrainians. There's ur collusion!
DON JR CONFESSED.
What about that sentence do you not understand?
Why would we waste our time viewing her constant lies, Innuendo's, and poor attempts at journalism?
watching from Gardner,KS THANK YOU for supporting those w disabilities #SaveMedicaid. Vote No
Nailed it!
So Ron.. would a closed hearing be dangerous to you? It runs the risk of YOU being exposed after you LEAK from it!! YOU can't deal with THAT
You don't speak for all Oregonians! How can you being a New York elitist!!!! #timetoreplaceyou #oregonismyhome #notyours
Great job @RonWyden
So grateful to @RonWyden and @maddow for confronting head-on Trump's threat to democracy. Sleeping easier tonight.
We have to do what Senator Wyden said abt calling, texting & emailing to stop the repeal/replacing the ACA! They are voting tomorrow!
I'll be watching. I tune in her show every night.
Major plus that you Ron Wyden are on!
Love the show as well & glad to see the Senator also! He is on the case.
Thank you for standing up to these tyrants...
Dido
U r delusional...
That's not true at all... I follow this stuff & my representatives closely & they are working hard, Dems not having majority makes it tough
That only means you're not paying attention & not up on what's going...why don't u run 4 office, then let's see if u come back w/same answer
It's nice to see that the have time to take a break from New York and make it to the propaganda shows. Sr embarrassment from Oregon
Ugh
Just stop with the digs. Don't embarrass us osu fans.
Sorry, I care about Oregon and Wyden needs to retire.
Thank you for defending the country with such tenacity! Pls don't ease up & if anything, only press harder! We're paying attention!
#maddow
If #maddow was "defending" she'd report on #CitizensUnited #SyrianRegimeChange #ArmsSalesToSaudiArabia #Fracking #MeatIndustry #TaxLoopholes
Those are big issues, but when the entire country is collapsing, they are minute in comparison. Without democracy, they render meaningless.
Trump is a symptom of a much larger problem. If we get rid of trump the problem is still there
Yes but you're still viewing things as if said problems will even exist in the same manner if he continues. We'll no longer be a democracy.
It may seem counterintuitive but we need to focus Less on TrumpRussia and more on things like citizens united and Media consolidation
This Russia story is a distraction and stopping real progress.
No progress can be made w an out of control autocrat in power. Respectfully you're failing 2 realize the gravity & direness of the situation
oops! already thanked you 4 being a loud voice 4 us 2night on a/o tweet but-you r what we need 2 see from the rest of the dems! please -1/
2/ tell your colleagues we are all watching &we know who's working 4 us &who isn't regardless of "d" in front of name! wish more were like u
Why don't you cry out and fight for the middle class that has no HC and can't afford it with the Affordable Healthcare that they now offer
Great that my healthcare is now controlled by Washington DC.
When will we be free from making decisions on our dirty socks? #HealthcareBill
Re-enact the Special Counsel Act so that IF DT fires Mueller Congress can put him back on the job. That Act should NEVER have gone away!
We buy individual insurance. Self employed w/preexisting conditions. ACA saved us $4800/yr. premiums went up 35%/yr PRE-ACA!! Not new/ACA
Watched. Thank you! 
Great job!!! Keep pressing #TrumpRussia #followthemoney
I'm watching, Sir. You are one of the most important voices we have. Thank you for your persistence.
Im watching, and I don't understand why you are using the term collusion when the proper criminal charge is conspiracy.
wish you were Senator of Texas!
What about Chris Wray and "Bridgegate" in New Jersey! Deception we do not need in the FBI...Vote NO to appointment!
why is it IMPORTANT that Kushner testify in public? Oh, so you can grandstand for the cameras. 11 pages of documents not enough ?
Catching midnight @maddow. Cannot wait.
Have you had your shots ?
Something has to be done... I was able to keep my doctor and health cost went down with ACA... wait that was just a dream turned nightmare
You work hard at looking busy.

Thank you for seeking the truth and caring about our health
Senator, on @maddow you said to watch Senators who are nervous about the GOP bill's affect on MediCaid. Who are they?
@ronwyden / @maddow : #Kushner #transparency #TrumpRussia 
Thank you. #WeThePeople hear you - #ForThePeople #democracy
You are one of the smartest people I have ever seen   Thank you  from California
Proud to have you and @SenJeffMerkley serving us.
I hope that Senator McCain having just had a health issue, doesn't vote to take healthcare from millions of people.
Good show, Senator. Thank you for representing me so well.
U were great please keep fighting! We appreciate all u are doing!
Was great!!
You are the only senator I know that is mentally challenged! Congratulations for overcoming what I can only imagine were great odds !
You bet Ron! You and Rachel can weave all kinds of hypotheticals until you call it fact.
We trust YOU, not 2 many others on the committee. We NEED you 2 stay focused. Don't believe their lies. USA depends on you 
#IMWITHMUELLER
Keep fighting for us to
Thank you for working for us great to see you on Rachel's show
So informative As always! Thank you for fighting for the truth!!
Thank you for your insights!
We'll keep calling, but it's looking pretty bleak.
You rock senator. Born/raised Seattle, 1945. USA needs more like you. Never have I witnessed such diabolical madness!
Not from Oregon but ALWAYS RELIEVED to hear you speak out & ask questions. Wish more Senators had the same vigilance to fight for us!
Watching Mr. Wyden. You speak the truth. Glad you are keeping all options open. We need to make them accountable. This is awful.
Watching your interview now. Always enjoy your input on the issues. Oregon must be so proud to have you as their Senator!
Oooh. Sen. Wyden just dropped the I bomb...
Thank you for the most serious mention of impeachment I've heard. Made my night.
Been anxiously waiting for you to say the word #Impeachment. Thank you Senator Wyden.
Watching!  Thank you, Senator!!

U r awesome... can always count on you to be honest, direct, and straight forward...
About to watch you. I'm proud of my Senator from Oregon. Keep fighting for us Ron 
Just watched u in msnbc,  please do ur best to STOP  this health care bill to go thru. Who should we text or tweet?
Thank you Senator! Not mine, I'm in CA, but just for  standing up.
Getting on the phone with some GOP senators would be more productive. Just sayin'.
No thanks! I throw my garbage in the trash & don't need any of yours, besides tomorrow they pick it up & take it away to never be seen again
I hope you are all listening to the show right now and remember this about Wray and Gov Christie!!!
Could've just said @maddow. The Russia part is implied.
Thank you so much for representing OR, Senator!
still  not answered my question on how you would reduce my house payment size premium payments and $7K deductibles ? You rep All OR people
Could you address why you voted for the Anti-BDS legislature?
Dems need fighters, not hand wringers, give em hell!

Always appreciate your appearances and perspective.
You know as well as we do that stupid bill is going to pass, right?
They don't even know what's on the bill
Obstruction  talk over Nothing and illegal health care program that you shopped to a corrupted judges.
Oh look, the "Russian Revolution in color" is on! No thanks Smithsonian channel;  I watch the real one everyday in DC @realDonaldTrump
Wish I could. Don't have that option.....
Please don't let them get away with "we didn't know","we are new".They sure know the loopholes!They have to be held accountable!Thank-you
Do you Oregon a favor and try not to lisp
Many don't know the real Russia only a trump romaticized version they need 2b educated because we're heading into a Russian style governance
*romanticizedRussia* 
Be there! (Well not really there but watching and feeling like I am there!)
The disgusting self righteous behavior of your voting base in Portland is an example of why Trump won

Threats to Am thx trump: Net neutrality, Health Care, Natn'l security, civil rights, 1st amendment,  protest rights, International relations
You're obviously a Mad Cow regular viewer because you're so full of crap.
Critical thinker, I read a lot and I am not a follower I stand 4 equality, human rights 4 all even your right to your misguided opinions
Liberal critical thinking: critical of anyone that does not think the way you think.
Tuned in!! ;)
Let's assume that all Rachel's 'dots' are real. (LOL) Trump gets couped and Hill is in charge. When does the war ON Russia start? Thanks!
So you're saying to go watch just about anything else because you'll be with Mad Cow lying your asses off. Fair enough.
