Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
Did u listen to yourself? U said there was good people on both sides? Like, I don't know any KKK members to be good. Did I miss something?
Nothing that the President says has ever going to convince me that the media is the bad guy here. They didn't spread hate with torches.
Try saying BLM is the same u hypocrit.  Stay in NY where you belong Wyden.
Whoa... R u putting BLM in the same group as Nazi, kkk, alt right?
My G-pas fought against them in ww2.  Both oppressed and murdered.  Dann straight.
Hmm alright. R u going to the Match on Friday? Lets have a beer before the match? I just want to pick ur brain.. if thats cool?
Of course.   Yeah online sucks.   Nuances get covered up.
Cool man!! I'll hit u up on the day of.
How about you saying AntiFA&BLM are bad ppl. I don't believe you or any Dem will bc you support&protect their violence.
Wouldn't that be: truly, truly, very, very bad people?
Has for years,  Try waking up.
Why aren't you calling out Soros funded group ANTIFA? they were there too. Not on word of condemnation from any democrats. why is that??
Have you said antifa are bad people?
What about ANTIFA&BOM or do you consider throwing human waste filled balloons, rocks, M80s, pepper spraying,& shooting police a sign of good
Antifa people are truly bad for people along with neoNazi and white supremacists.
Difficult to expect Trump to do that since he would be talking about himself.
The greater point is that anyone person or group that uses violence and promotes hate is unacceptable. Like the people who rioted election.
Seems that your handlers only allow you talk against Trump not against those who demonstrated hate and violence against Trump supporters.
America gave their all to fight the Nazis during WWII, because they knew the importance of defeating this evil. How can Trump ignore this?
Senator Wyden is a big part of the problem.
Trump did say they are bad people. Both sides violent get a grip
Ok, so where is your condemnation  for Antifa, and the violent left rioters that I always see on pdx news? You've lost my vote.
Why would he, he is one of them
Our President can't condemn his only friends without a teleprompter
Superdelegates who vote against their constituents are bad people.
Really doesn't matter what his lying tongue says if he keeps doing as he does.
#Antifa and Black lives Matter groups are equally despicable. Come out of your Hate closet and speak of all the Hate groups.
Yet, this time it was not #Antifa or #BLM who drove their car into a crowd of people. You can't compare #BLM or #Antifa to #Nazi types.
I think you really don't know the meaning of word "fraud". Bernie was consistent all these years that he was in Congress. How's he a fraud?
Appreciate you calling the president on this. But we need action. Can we start by censuring @realDonaldTrump?
@realDonaldTrump Donald Trump: Racist-in-Chief.  #Charlottesville #WhiteSupremacists  #IMPEACH45 #TrumpRussia #TrumpLogic
Is he blaming the true and original fake news channel, FoxNews?
Your problem is that our grouping anyone who supports the President into those to groups just like AntiFA&BLM are doing.
He said that several times.  Try listening
Yikes
Thank you for continuing to stand up to this insane presidency and repping Oregon like a boss.
Good show @RonWyden
It would sure be nice if you were a senator from Oregon and not the 3rd senator from New York!
Really?!
Thank you for speaking from your heart! (Former Oregon girl)
Or try saying "don't wear my hats while shouting nazi slogans"
Must be a crime of Terror to be a Neo-Nazi a white supremist in America
Then he would be indicting himself.
Senator Wyden.  A political hack of the HIGHEST ORDER!  Hey, when are you going to call out BLM and Antifa as Domestic Terrorist Orgs?
Trump, Ryan, McConnel and .@repgregwalden are truly bad people. Try HEARING THAT, Greg Walden. You are complicit until you rebuke Trump!
Apparently you don't watch the news cuz he already did
he should have called them deplorable
Right?! 45 should be fired for supporting domestic terrorism. How low must he sink before he is held accountable?
Illegals are really bad people  black panthers are bad. We know these groups are bad. Hypocrite who pays for abortions with tax dollars bad
And don't forget. Democrats started KKK. You did not say that name.

Sick
Incl urself along w any members Congress who politicized tragedy. Y not ask VA police Y they stood down when all knew well B4hand about trbl
Try saying it, And. Meaning. It!
OR has seen its share of White Supremacist atrocities, skinhead violence, and hate group attacks but NEVER backed down from condemning it.
only a miniscule portion of population are these people. See you didn't condemn Antifa who have been terrorizing us in the name democrats
Too little too late.
Politicizeing a tragedy is so wrong. Just another Trump hater who sees nothing else.
Senator, try phrasing it with "Trumpier" words, like "very" or "very, very" or "not good."

#POTUS 
#25thAmendmentNow 
#GOP 
#ComeGetHim
Jesus with the whataboutism trolls. Nazis are bad. It's not that hard to say... If you're not a Nazi.
It should be the easiest statement a president could make!
I agree, Ron
you caved in to them when you became desensitized to lies about hillary.  real american would have completely rejected any1 who spread them
:)
Malcolm Nance "this was an act of American terrorism, source of origin" The nazi used the same tactics used in Nice. "This was terrorism"
@realDonaldTrump Resign & take your Klan with you so our country can repair the damage you've caused.
This was a American terrorist attack. Home grown. Radicalized, Trump said no to DHS grant. The reason for rejection was bullshit.
I'm not dumbing the presidency down for Trump. Nothing less then full throated rejection of kkk, nazis, ws ideology. This "both sides do it"
Please make Donnie stop trying to be presidential!
Stand higher on the dead bodies to support your politcal character assassination of the President.  You are bad people.
Thank you Senator!
He has his whole life! Stop.... try truth for a change
The ignorance is truly astonishing.
He said it last year. Get over it.
Remember when @BarackObama was at Martha's Vineyard, waited 4 days after Ferguson to make a statement then invited BLM to the White House?
BTW, on personal privacy re:NSA/CIA  u were awesome for years. Now that ur peeps abused it eerily silent. OK, if Dems do it Ron?#TermLimits
Trump can't as they are his base. He was forwarned of the possibility of this; he's a hypocrite
While ur at it Ron, make him say nuclear war is bad.  It's been 31 years in DC Ron. Come up with a solution, u pick the problem. We'll wait
Ron Wyden is a class-A liar, just like the rest of the Democrats and the media.
This Is Very Funny - Watch the Amazing History Of Donald Trump Denouncing David Duke and the KKK: http://710wor.iheart.com/featured/mark-simone/content/2017-08-14-watch-the-media-lie-about-donald-trump-and-david-duke-and-the-kkk/#ixzz4pmgNSLu9 …
He did try listening...
Con Ron
RECALL WYDEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm sorry but you are in the minority in Oregon. Get used to it.
Thanks Ron!!! Doing Oregon proud.
I notice BLM not listed why is that~
Angry Ron. Hahaha
I think he did. He called them criminals and thugs.
<3 <3 <3
The "bad people" are in the White House.
Thank you  Ron it's pretty simple
Still waiting for any Democrat at all to disavow Obama for pandering to racial supremacist organizations. Anyone? Just one Democrat?
Trump did several times. Stop lying.

How many times have you disavowed the communists who endorse Democrats, or were in the Obama WH?
That would work for me.
What are your plans in the senate to address this? I would like to hear a plan of action and not more canned platitudes from my reps.
HE DID! He did the first time he spoke. Your hate will be remembered!
Would that get you to start helping the American people?  No I did not think so.
He denounced them.  You're proving his point.
Where were you when violent radical protesters from the alright destroyed property and threatened lives in Portland.. not a word.. bah..!!!
He did! You're lies are causing division. #StopWyden
djt is a day late and a dollar short. Have him also say "Corrupt Russian Oligarchy." Dare him.
Did you not listen to his words in Both new conferences?
Proud that you're my senator. As for @realDonaldTrump, he can't risk alienating his base. They're the only ones left who support him.
He must tread lightly, lest he alienate those who put him in the White House.
No @realDonaldTrump  the American people are not satisfied. what would satisfy us would be 4U 2 #GetOutOfOurHouse
It would only take one minute to say you are against the Nazi & KKK, &  the all that hate stands for!! 
But --. You just don't get it!!
Exactly @RonWyden
Even though we recently moved to Spokane, you will *always* be my senator.
Amen!  A World War was fought and American soldiers gave their lives to stamp out Nazism. We cannot allow this scourge to rise again.
Yeah Ron!
Keep holding up the mirror to that bag o wind Senator! Love from Ashland
Thank you, Senator.
Nope, can't get no satisfaction until OUR White House is rid of fascism.
exactly!  for someone who claims that he's not PC, he sure pussyfoots around offending nazis.

He can't. Just like he can't form the words "I'm sorry".
Yes
So is the Antifa and BLM.  If you are going to call out the right wing groups call out the left wing nuts too.  They all need to go away.
He doesn't realize that prepared speeches that he's forced to read don't fool us.Initial remarks that didn't denounce showed his true colors
@realDonaldTrump He did dummy or you just wasn't paying attention. I guess it's time you retire from service.
@realDonaldTrump without having to be told to do so. Most of us Americans can with very little difficulty. Come on, just try it!!
He can't. He owes them.
Or "I reject all racist ideology, and renounce any support such groups have given me".
He can't he is already running for 2020.
Do you remember BOZO the clown
Antifa, black lives matter, the KKK, george soros, obama and your demonicrat party are FAR WORSE. TRY EATING YOUR WORDS NOW!
Calm down.  Have a few beers.  Then go clean your gun collection.
I'm calm. WAKE UP!
I am.
Without a TelePrompTer!
YOU ARE A BAD PERSON.. that rolls off the tongue with ease. #BIGPHARMA. Careful .. glass houses .

Trump can't. Those are his people

You're one of my favorite people in Congress.  Thank you for speaking out, Senator Wyden.
He is a tireless foot soldier and an inclusive voice of compassion and Patriotism! I adore him and wish we had numerous more like him!
if only POTUS spoke so boldly against the ones who are actually behaving like 'bad people' #impeachandreplace
I'd sssssssay that he ssssssaid that Ron. Sssssshut up you lisping POSssssssss
Elmer Fudd ?
They are, and they were founded by the DEMOCRATS!! Let's not forget who actually owns them…
That was a century ago, and those people are long dead. Let's care about the people doing it NOW. Ya know ... your party.
Well, then for violence sake…if that be your claim today…let's begin with denouncing ANTIFA then shall we…for you own the KKK…WS…BLM…MBH…
Antifa didn't kill anyone this week, and the KKK is not a leftist group.
Google would disagree… and the KKK was founded by the Democrats…it's still the party that pushes violence on those that don't agree with it…
Over a century ago. The KKK is not a Dem group now. They vote GOP. They are conservative. They belong to your side.
I've been following your efforts and thank you. Please, get this asshole out of the White House. Lives depend on it.
Yep. The MSM and 68 plus million or so bad people who don't care for Donald's flaccid duplicitousness & treason.
....because it's still all about you.
Face it.  You don't care about any of this.  All you are interested in is reelection.
Shut up Ron nothings good enough for you word twisting libs. Where the hell were you during the pdx riots caused by antifa?!
Here's a montage http://www.westernjournalism.com/montage-of-clips-shows-trump-has-disavowed-white-supremacist-groups-for-years/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=westjournalism …
The fact that politicians like you are using the death of a young lady for political gain is sickening! #HeatherHeyer
He's truly vile
Hey Ron - Antifa are blatantly evil fascists. Try saying that. You want pet thugs, and still want to make demands.
