Hey, it's TPPRon.  Tell us about the TISA Ron, got something nefarious waiting for us?  No?  Ok, go ahead, more Russia blather.
As bad as TiSA is, it's got nothing to do with investigating 45's ties to Russia. What u call "more Russia blather" is of interest to many.
when's the last time you've heard TISA mentioned on mainstream media? When's last time you've heard Russia?
I guess I'm saying we've gotta pick our battles more carefully. Ppl knew what TPP was; they've no clue ab TiSA. We'd need major bigtime 1/2
2/2 help from all sides, all countries to stop TiSA. Meanwhile the swamp gets thicker by the day w/billionaires deciding the future.
you want less powerful billionaires controlling your future?  Purge the Neolibs and Clintonites.
Thank you PBS & Senator Wyden for following all trails that lead to Russia & the Truth!
Thank you @RonWyden! Don't stop pushing for open hearing and accelerating the pace!  We're behind you.
Tax return Tax return!
@RonWyden Thank you, from a constituent, for following the trail. Let's hope it leads to #impeachtrump
Why wasn't he talking like this when Sec. Clinton was getting actual money, giving stuff to actual Russians? Get back to work, Senator. Geez
Because that is false! Stop watching #fakenews. This story has been proven false multiple times!
Maybe check your facts, both Clinton foundation and Bill (speaking fees) received money from #Russia during release of Uranium   Shares
Um. Nope.
There's no evidence to say that Russia had anything to do with our elections, AT ALL.  Get off it already.  And "dead bodies"? Are you...
Open Borders 4 Israel! Why do Jews get an ethnostate while you push 4 USA overrun by drug cartels, rapists, terrorists, & common criminals?
We need term limits and senators that work for "we the people". You need to retire senator!
He's working for Oregon and the whole "We The People." 2/3 of Americans want this investigation.
I want an investigation that is not biassed. His talking points show his biase. The enemy is not Russia, it is within. Find the treason!
What do you mean by "within"?
Within our own government.
You mean the President and his family and staff in the White House, I assume?
AMEN. So proud of your intelligent and rational approach to collecting relevant information. Call for fast pace is appropriate given stakes.
Also: I'm a constituent and #proudOregonian
...kidding me?? #OMG #witchhunt
What about new revelations Susan Rice targeted Trump campaign and unmasked names of Americans? This constituent wants to know.
Agree; hope Sen. Intel Cte continues bipartisan cooperation to get to the bottom of all these connections and their meaning/impact.#PBSNews
Why not wage a cyber campaign against Putin: show the Russian people proof of his kleptocracy; his targeting of political foes; freeze his $
Careful now, many of those "dead bodies" may lead to the Clintons..that's right..
Widen is right. Thanks for speaking up, proud to vote for you.
how about you do your job & investigate the proven facts like the felony leaking & unmasking of US citizens!
thank u Senator for being a voice of reason for our great state!  Also, protect Section 1031 in the upcoming tax reform!
so who you are looking for is HRC if you deny this the nation will not be happy ur rhetoric so far is not going 2 fly
You do realize 2/3 of America wants Trump Team's Russian cooperation investigated? And doesn't agree with you.
Thank you senator wyden, so happy you are there!
Why now you would not investigate Clinton ties
@RonWyden Nicely done Senator.  #proudOregonian
Just watched your report Ron you are disappointing! Talk about partisan...this doesn't help the country. So selfish!
& Flynn's former aide is busy getting US Govt. Contracts for the Propaganda Experts SCL Group! https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/after-working-for-trumps-campaign-british-data-firm-eyes-new-us-government-contracts/2017/02/17/a6dee3c6-f40c-11e6-8d72-263470bf0401_story.html …
Horseshit.
dude, #Clapper LIED. and howz the #SCOTUS8 'petition' 4 citizens 2 unite and #impeach100 coming?
follow the money back to the Clinton foundation
#newelection
That's a crazy sentence.
If we followed the trail of dead bodies around Hillary she'd have been executed years ago
Does that include the body of Seith Rich?
I'm glad someone finally said it. Thank you Sen. Wyden. ;)


Did you get dressed in the dark?
So proud that Senator Wyden represents our great state  of Oregon. Thank you for giving voice to our concerns.
Be careful. The "trail of dead bodies" is likely to lead to the Clintons.
Horrible truth
@`whitehouse 5)Woodruff must continue,like today,to present only guests that attack @Potus : Schiff-Wyden,don't invite other side
@WhiteHouse 4)Don't let  @Rep_DevinNunes talk about 4 N.Y.Times reporters & 2 editors that get US Intell Agencies data since 2016
@whitehouse 3)Make sure @POTUS does not engage like normal People w/ Putin to find Solutions w/Trade+Jobs,like Gen.Alexander says
And let's forget all the dictators (including money and dead bodies) the USA has been supporting since the end of WW2.

Hypocrites.
@whitehouse 2) Focus on evil Christians in Russia, avoid key real issues: Hackers,Leakers,Unmasking   http://nyp.st/2nb2341 
Nice tie Senator   Go Ducks!
@WhiteHouse 1) Don't follow money ,it leads to King Salman,Oil Sheiks,Bibi & the HedgeFunds.Stay focus:CNN is Truth, rest is evil
You identified Lankford as a D. No, R.
This is very irresponsible war-like rhetoric, Senator. Dems should not be escalating tensions with a nuclear power.
This reminds me of the #birthers
They come back to @HillaryClinton is my guess based of the facts we already have. #anotherwitchhunt #morewastedtaxdollars
Yes Sen Wyden, this IS urgent. We need to get to the bottom of this, impeach & move on.
Yes, follow the poison and get a taster.
They need to provide WAY more proof...
TRUTH,!!!!!!! .
Go get 'em Senator.  Proud of you!

"...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of the Dead"
like Seth Rich?
Thank you, Senator Wyden for your hard work and continuing to listen to your constituents and to protect our nation. Proud you represent Ore
I'm sure Michael Flynn feeling a little uneasy about now
Hillary and friends is what will be found
Thank you Senator Wyden. Glad to see that the adults have finally taken over this investigation.
So I guess Trump minions are feeling the pressure now?
also follow the oil 
#RUSSIAOIL 
#NODAPL 
#WaterIsLife
No kid, they are talking about real people. As a putin bot you can't be expected to know about anything real
Is it me or does this guy look like the Joker's older uncle?
BAM!!!
