Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin requested use of a government jet for his European honeymoon. http://abcn.ws/2xlxsJN  
Republican taxi
We need #AFundamentalShift in how/why we do things #2SurviveWithoutFear #4ABetterWorld. #Life+#Struggle2Survive=#Corruption+more.
Moochin' Mnuchin :-)
And no one should be surprised. Ever. At all. Mnuchin is as crooked as they come. SAD!
But her emails
This would be a job for @GOPoversight/@TGowdySC if they weren't already cowering in the corner hiding from Trump Hotel & Mar-A-Lago scandals
Over? Did you say "over"? Nothing is over until we decide it is! Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor? Hell no
Um, dude...it wasn't the Germans that bombed Pearl Harbor. And @TGowdySC is hiding IN Trump Hotel.
Um, dude...it's a line from the movie Animal House, John Belushi said it
This man is worth so much money. Gives to no one... What is going down in this WH is criminal. Sad part is that it continues everyday!!!
When does Congress get involved and stop this abuse? Sanctions? Subpoena?
Wrongness isn't their concern. As attorneys, they're concerned about defensibility. Will they be prosecuted? That's all they care about.
Munchkin worth $500 million & his #deplorable scotch wife grew up in a castle. Yes, a castle. #deplorables
Fire Mnuchin
Cheap and dirty
#FireMnuchin #FireMnuchin #FireMnuchin #FireMnuchin #FireMnuchin #FireMnuchin #FireMnuchin #FireMnuchin #FireMnuchin #FireMnuchin

Did he get it?
These sociopaths think they can now get away with ANYTHING.
Because the ultimate sociopath was "elected" President.
#AmericaWasRobbed
Is this what it means to be"adorably out of touch?"
The 2018 ship sailed a long time ago... around the time he was spewing classified information to his pals at Mar-a-lago...
Grifters ...
So many 1%ers are
But he is asking as compared to Bob Menendez
So are you.
Don't buy incrementalism. It's code for: "we can't figure out how to do this & keep taking re-elect $ from the oppressors."#MedicareForAll 
The same can be said about not supporting #MedicareForAll.
the new wife is the new CEO OF Mnunchin's Dune Entertainment, a farce of div stature. Not to mention a racist Zambia memoir.
FYI-For the eclipse viewing trip #Mnuchin only pays "full coach fare," as little as $287 for wife's tkt, less than anything she wore.
No truths are self-evident anymore.
ThisIsTheMan
Carving
Up&ParingDown
THE BUDGET!
&DemLdrship
WondersWhy
We'reWorried&Distrustful
TaxCuts&Breaks&Walls
VS
LossOfSvcs&Programs
You can't make this stuff up! Everyday it's some egregious offense
Agreed. Need suspended credit cards, pensions and Cadillac healthcare for Congress and Admin.s, incl. past Presidents...
Well, he had to pay all that money for his wife.
I would like it if the corrupt secretary of treasury pays us back!!
He could have bought his own jet.  Elitists are so appalling. When so many people are hurting, it is beyond comprehension.
A $20k an hour aircraft, no less.
It's called a "face palm." People will get that, trust me.
If they're still married in 2020, I'll be stunned.
Your obvious pathetic political career has nothing left but to go on @msnbc and repeat "I can't comment". Russia is dead as your career.
No administration in history has ever gotten away with this (or even tried I suspect). How is this happening?
Haha
@alfranken concerned about new Face @applemusic technology Oregon is between Sillicon Valley & Bellvue Wash Icymi
Icymi @Drake has a paternity lawsuit @PPact @ddlovato @cheatcodes_br
What is wrong with these people? They get opportunities most would never dream of but no gratitude. Just want more  think they deserve more
Look at him. Look at her. I rest my case!!!
Good thing he's draining the swamp!
When u lose your home from 2008 crisis and you decide that it's time for a president that will put a foreclosure king as the treasurer
Know what else is so obviously wrong? Jailing people for 20 years for boycotting #Israel yet you're signed on to that bill. #RightToBoycott
@PrincessBravato These ppl have $ to pay their way & would cut Medicaid & SNAP benefits to working poor. Scum of the @POTUS #swamp
You know she married him for the money, Right????
I none? He's so magoo
Rotten spell check needs to get on board with the use of three letters.  That was suppose to read IKR? Lol
I got you!! I read hyro
You can't make this stuff up! Everyday it's some egregious offense
Double DEPLORABLE!
Can anything be done about it, though?
Stop this nonsense.
Another one of Trump's cabinet members who puts self first over country just like the president. Hotels and golf courses first!
The pretense is thinking that they have ethics
You are so far off in the fall grass you might not make it black
These days with so much graft and corruption about, he thought it was a given
This guy should be out just for asking
But don't you know how much they CONTRIBUTE to this country? It's like they're SUPER CONTRIBUTOR CIVIL SERVANTS. /sarcasm
With all the loopholes and credits, my secretary paid more taxes.
That is illegal
You're featured Senator "Trump Russia Possible Collusion Remix" c'mon it's funny you know lol?
What?????
Just call the @stevenmnuchin1  s the King & Queen of welfare! Honeymoon (!) So glad the Inspector general is investigating them. LOSERS.
NO!
I'm past slapping my forehead, and I think I will start banging my head against the closest wall. Any pretense of ethics has been discarded.
Hope the new bride is humiliated right about now!
And Michelle Obama used airforce 1 to take a vacation with her children. Not saying it is right just keep the same standards Sir.
2000+ Homeless ppl, that's what Mnuchin Did
MONSTER Hateful
It's called "entitlement". Sickening.
I know I feeling queasy!
Wait, I the only one who asks their boss to borrow things?
He still thinks he works for Goldman Sachs, .....My previous employer would have provided it!
Noblesse oblige is not fathomable by this administration.
As you said, Sir: So obviously wrong
WE WANT HEALTH CARE
Did you care how much the Obamas used taxpayer money for vacations?
And tacky.
This IS the literal definition of "swamp".
SMH...... don't know why this surprises anyone? This is just the beginning?
But you are not doing anything about it! If it is illegal then sue him!
Dude! Are we in the Twilight Zone holy Prince @stevenmnuchin1 @JoeNBC @joseph_lem #USA
That's probably why he is still worth $500 million.
Thieves, con men, greedy Trump Russian Traitor Trash grifters. They think they own America. America How Long??
I like the way you talk. You pegged these shysters.
I'd like to know how an individual who has been a government employee for over two decades is worth more than $38 million.
It's okay because he's a Republican. Can we please now get back to talking about Hillary's emails?
This is the guy to revamp the tax code alright.
...fer cryin out loud...
Scary to think this clown is in charge of the Treasury!!!!
His wife scares me!
He needs to reimburse the taxpayers!
No, he needs to go. Now!
I am losing my faith in our government. The amount of corruption is absolutely sickening. Thank you, @RonWyden for actually having integrity
@ABC everything in GrifterTrump's (including DT)admin is forehead slapping stuff! Instead of working with him they should impeach
The swamp of billionaire grifters is overflowing
Fill the Swamp.
@ABC this Trump's administration not wasting taxpayers money. draining the swamp according 2 Trump
Tired of Congress talking about wasting gov. money when Trump& his kids are blowing taxpayer dollars on travel. Now here's Mnuchin's mess!
Ron doesn't support #MedicareForAll but raises beacoup cash from health insurers. Oregonians deserve better.
So do something about it.
There's no better response than Ron Wyden's.
So sick of this grifter welfare couple using our $$ for things they can well afford. @GOP @stevenmnuchin1 #morallybankrupt
This speaks volumes about Mnuchin's character and integrity!
The U.S. COFFERS ARE NOT THEIRS! We are NOT PEASANTS!! NOT THEIR KINGDOM!
#DelusionsofGrandeur #SELLINGUSOUT #EMPTYCOFFERS #Scruples4Rubles
It's only obvious if nobody else would dare do it. I wouldn't be shocked to learn similar things have already happened.
Munching is extremely wealthy. But that is not enough money or power. Some people's greed has no bounds Dangerous
In the words of Nancy Regan Just Say No
how is this a surprise to anyone?  All you have to do is look at his past history in scamming and know this is common place for him
Turns out public office is a terrible way to enrich yourself. Maybe @HillaryClinton's 40 year career wasn't a get rich quick scam afterall.
We are painfully over-slapped. Could you
Please hurry and stop the madness.  Asking for our foreheads.  Thank you
It never ends. It. Never. Ends.
And it won't until Trump is gone!
Is he paying for the trip?  I bet he is, so I am fine with it, if so.  And you should talk, get your own house in order.
What is wrong with these people?  What makes them think they are so special? They're scum, pure and simple.
So was the government paying for Chelsea Manning's sex change but I didn't hear Democrats upset about that waste and abuse of money
And that is relevant to this discussion because?
Let them eat wedding cake?
Cake that taxpayers bought and paid for. Fire this guy!
Well quit slapping your forehead, start slapping out some public denouncements with your colleagues on this, voter suppression, etc. x's 100
Extremely wealthy man looking to save a buck by spending people's tax dollars while wanting to cut taxes for themselves. Seems about right.
Go get him Ron!
#Impeach and then please #DrainTheSwamp  This administration is a joke.
Drain the urine out of my pants, I peed while standing in like at Starbucks today, oops
Just goes to show that Djt rode into town w/ a horde of sanctimonious plunderers.
Just goes to show why trump collided with Russia because his son is named Eric, putins middle name is Eric too
Isn't he supposed to be kinda well off as well?  Yet these @GOP clowns complain about handouts...
They find fault with handouts to people in need. For their cronies, it's not an issue.
Is there a next step here, Sen. Wyden? Could we see any action from the Senate Finance Dems?
He with drew request..no action to take.
How can anyone even imagine this kind of thing is ok? 
The hubris of this administration is mind blowing.
Can we slap them?
I slapped a homeless man today and he stabbed me, now I'm just bored on twitter cuz I'm in hospital dying slowly
So sick of this daily sh*t show
Populism!!!
