Extremely disappointed OR SOS Dennis Richardson aided voter suppression commission by turning over Oregonians’ info
The voter suppression commission also met today.
They are actively looking for ways to suppress your vote by making up voter “fraud.”
The voter suppression commission is  headed by Kris Kobach – paid Breitbart columnist & Kansas SOS
Also- how Kobach can be both at once defies common sense...
Kobach voter suppression: attack the voting rights of students and members of the military
Retweet & tell @KrisKobach1787 that we won’t let him get away with suppressing Americans’ right to vote!
They have convinced the South and Midwest of voter fraud, how do you counter that?? When suggested that there is no evidence, they distrust
They HAVE been getting away with voter suppression,  gerrymandering, cross check.
No they are proving that The United States needs to implement VOTER ID LAWS, THERE Mr #voteoutwyden
Anyone else sick of the GOP dirty tricks and shenanigans! Get them out 2018-2020!!
Agree! I've written letters to reps and, to date, no responses. My son even wanted to sign my letter about this b.s., and he did. 
No limit to what these people will do because eventually they're going to prison so there's no red line for team Trump
#EO13799 is #VoterSuppression #Defund13799 @VP @KrisKobach1787 #ProtectMyVote @ACLU #UniteBlue @actblue @Shareblue @LWV #DontMessWithOurVote
And scaring people so they don't vote.
SOS to all voters make sure you're properly registered and have the required ID don't be fooled pay attention.
There are actual cases of voter fraud.  Grow up.  It's racist to think minorities cannot get a proper ID.
Actually, it is YOU who is actively looking for ways to suppress voter fraud by making up lame excuses to oppose it.
Further proof Progressives lack the ability to piece together probable outcomes from this thing everyone else calls "evidence."
Kobach EDUCATE YOURSELF! Your claim is False! People Who Domicile there R LEGAL VOTERS!!!
Republicans don't win elections they steal them
Bonus-they are spending your tax dollars to do it!
You betcha.
Look what you did.We voted in Oregon in 70's that we have rights to vote on all. You took it away.Making laws we don't like.Unless illegals
Voter fraud is also giving illegals the vote. Let's see the whole west coast. Americans are tired of being lower than shit
The only voter fraud is the voter fraud commission.
You're paranoid
Let True Americans be Confident in A Valid Election Process! #TrueTheVote
Just goes to show how incompetent and worthless Republicans are. Not only do they need Gerrymandering and Russian help, but this too?
What do you call the thousands of out-of-state votes that were discovered in New Hampshire?
They're such fine examples of Evangelical Christian morality. Liars, cheaters, and thieves. Jesus would be so proud.
KOBACH, TRUMP & BILLIONAIRE GOP SWAMP YOUR ALL PSYCHOPATH, POWER-HUNGRY MONSTERS & YOUR HATRED OF REAL AMERICANS WILL SEND YOU RIGHT 2 HELL
They aren't suppressing MY vote, Ron.  If you're only tweeting to illegals you need to use a list or something.
.@GOP needs to face fact they're not well liked & mathematically the left beats the #RWNJ. Desperate people inevitably get sloppy *& fuck up
Who do you think you can fool?
LOL!
Somebody is nervous about losing illegal votes!!
Kobach's commission was a farce of wildly inflated claims of illegal voting as a cynical attempt to distract from the actual fraud w/Russia.
Do you have proof, puppet?  U can count on not getting my vote. It will be a happy day when U lose!
Wyden, u r instilling a fear of people having this right taken away. Legal minorities r SMART enough to acquire an ID, right??
But we've already seen numerous revelations of voter fraud in 2016 election!
It's not made up when states are coming forward with the data showing illegal voting
BS.
@iamfonda This is voter fraud! DT/Pence/Kobach are guilty @AGSchneiderman @SenateDems #Mueller @RepAdamSchiff @SenFeinstein
What the hell are you smokin, I know illegals who voted, they laugh about it, talk about family members who did the same thing, you cheat
That's only true if you would legally voted.
It's our right and they aren't taking it away from us.....
If a vote is nullified, THAT PERSON CANNOT LEGALLY VOTE!  US LAW WILL BE UPHELD!
We piss on your preconceived bull shit VP Pence and that Kansas moron.
Gerrymandering been going on for a long time this is a new twist...

@mikefarb1 @NPR these bastards are going to steal 2018 and reelect Trump in 2020 this way. It is almost too much to bear.
It seems to me that it's more trouble to cheat than to play fair and square.
Always.
Just like they instituted driver suppression by requiring people to get a license. #unfair
The hysteria from the left is all I need to know that they are on to something. #keepshreeking
These joker's have no sense of morals or decency. They cheat to win and their supporters are stupid traitors.
Making up? The numbers don't lie! How much are you getting paid to help illegal votes? #CorruptWyden
They are working to fix 2018, with voter disenfranchisement & Russian interference. Let's go, Mueller!!
You only see it NOW because #TheResistance and the pressure has put your damn SEATS on the line. #ShameOnYou #WeSeeYou
3/ their personal information. Truly, whom among you did NOT see this fraud, this overt voter suppression tool for what it is? Until now,
2/ voter registration before it went to D.C. with intent to re-register later, to avoid giving the Trump Clown Car dictatorship
I can't even be polite about it anymore. So many of us saw through the Pence/Kobach/Trump EIC scam from the start. People pulled their 1/
Go to bed
Phony baloney in a bowl of macaroni!
I love your saying here. :-)
Are you seriously *just* figuring that out? Are you that ... slow?
Next up any one of color ,women and democrats will not be allowed to vote Only white males
White Republicants.
Demand a paper ballot and demand honesty!
We vote by mail/Paper ballots included#TheResistance
I like that. though I think in some places, they aren't even opened. We need uniform rules and equipment throughout the U.S.
We all know this senator, what can be done to shut this BS down?
Voter fraud exists. Wake up Wyden.
http://www.theepochtimes.com/n3/2286530-stream-of-voter-fraud-cases-emerge-from-2016-elections/ …
Of course, they are. Republicans can't win an election unless they cheat.
We support voter ID AND Fingerprint to vote. Even Mexico requires photo ID AND Fingerprint to vote.
But the Democratic party says it was Bernie & Russia. Glad you're finally seeing the real cause for Hillary's loss
What are you afraid of?  Public information  used by campaigns every election, including yours. How do they get my phone # for robo calls?
MORE FAKE CRAPOLA NEWS
Bible, John 10.10..
The  Cross
I take it that you don't follow @JamesOKeefeIII #VoterFraud is real and it needs to be stopped! #ProtectTheVote
And Mr Wyden the Republicans can get away with it as well. This country is in real trouble after less than 300 days of the trump era. Sad
The @GOP knows their only path "victory" is through voter suppresion, gerrymandering and flat out cheating. #Resist
@RonWyden If only Obama had correct the man asking whether illegal aliens should vote in the 2016 election. He said yes, without saying yes.
all in room are fakes and liar put all in Jail
A bunch of crooks.
Senator Wyden, this has to be stopped.Thank you for helping to stop it Democracy needs to be restored. #RemoveTrump #FakePotus #NewElection
ya think I figured that would happen before 2018
You mean like New Hampshire?
New Hampshire/had 0 voter fraud it was students that were residents in 2 cities /Students/vited where they were living used license from Hm
When are you running for president?
Right agree 100%
Also support Medicare4all bill please
No they are trying to make sure Fraud is not being committed. Help them or get back to work on a Budget!
#RecallRonWyden
