Thank you Senator!
I am a Republican who thinks the ACA is a failure, but so wish you the best on your personal healthcare issue.
Vote no because no pre-existing conditions wife has skin cancer thank you her loving husband
Can't #ThankYou enough !
1. with GOP you lied about repeal and replace no plain. 2 Dems your the party that gave us failed Obama care #Getridofthesebums
All of you senators for both sides are in trouble with the American people
#DonJonz Bless you Senator Horoni for your good works!
Thank you. I shattered my patella 2 years ago. Without aca I I would be unable to walk or work and contribute.
Thank you!!
Great job! Thank you for your work telling your story and standing up for others!  
You're a beautiful person, I wish you the best. Thank you for your service, dedication and courage.
Thank you Senator.
Mahalo to you!
Thank you.
I would like to testify about obama care fraud scandal oregon and its links to weideman oregon pheonix corruption ..drugs murder
U have to many people to agree or disagree and e
Thank you for doing the right thing. My husband's bills were over $700,000 when his heart failed. We had insurance. But what if we hadn't?
So who paid those bills?  How many premium payments from how many people does it take to pay those bills?
God bless you.
Saw you today you are looking well .  Do not know how you do what you do.  Think often about you & your courage. 
Went do we say enough is enough. Over 22% on welfare, 1 trillion a yr spent on it. Don't you think it's time for a change senator?
Against a bill she claims has not been made available to read yet.
God bless you, m'am. YOU are a true American hero.
You rock Senator Hirono!  Thank you!
I listened to her this morning. Many thanks for your courage!
You are my hero! Thank you for fighting for us even while you have your own cancer battles! May God bless you and keep you!
You are amazing. Strong and resilient. Keep up the fine work!
Thank you Mazie.
you don't get obamacare. You are a fascist communist that hates #Hawaii
Thank you for your leadership, Senator!
Thnx Sen Hirono The ACA saved under 26 daughter from brain cancer 2 craniotomies proton radiation But Out O'Network big bills Not Perfect OK
You are an inspiration and hero to millions of Americans and, hopefully, to your colleagues across the aisle. Bless you.
You created this mess. It's on you.
Much Aloha & Mahalo Thank you Senator, you are a fierce protector of Americans. Plz take care & recover, your work is valued by millions.
Will you pay my health insurance premiums? My story.. OCare increased my premiums from 50  a week to 169 a week. I'm broke.  So fix my story
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Hirono!
Mahalo and heartfelt Aloha to you Senator! Sending love + best wishes for your continuing good health too 
Thanks for your service, Senator @maziehirono . #NoGrahamCassidy
Mahalo to you Senator. Bless you.
Mahalo Senator @maziehirono! We are so grateful and appreciate your support more than words can say. Wishing you a speedy and full recovery.
The most beautiful state in the union!
Mahalo to you, Senator Hirono!
God Bless you!
Dems ACA put us in this grinder
THANKS SO MUCH FOR ALL YOU DO FOR HAWII AND ALL OF US!
Mahalo, Senator. Yes, we are all one diagnosis away. Thanks for taking a stand against this bill.
Thank you 
Thank you. Prayers for good health for you.
Listening now -- great job.  GOP is indeed treating healthcare as a commodity.  Wonderful, precise points are being  made.
thank you.
Thank you Senator!  Leaders LIKE YOU do have compassion and the courage to stand up for the people of this country.  You're awesome!
God Bless you and guide you
How about those of us who have paid the cost of Oboma Care. We don't matter.
Thank you, @maziehirono!
Thank you Senator Mazie, for fighting to do the right thing! You are an amazing wonderful woman!Wishing you the best in your health issues.
Soros write it for you?
Thank you Maizie!
Thank you so much for #StandingUp
Mahalo Mazie 
Mahalo Mazie! It was an honor to vote for you when we lived in Hawaii! Keep fighting for all Americans!
Thank you Senator. You are a true American hero. Others should learn from your courage and strength!
Thank you for standing up for lives that depend on penalty-free, cap-free coverage of pre-existing conditions.
Mahalo. Much respect.
Thank you Senator. Looking forward to hearing your testimony.
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator.
Thank you for all you sdo Senator Hirono, you are a hero!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you and God Bless you!
Thank you!!
Thank you,You have been and are Going thru So much   We Appreciate You and you're Courage 
#VoteNoGrahamCassidy 
#IStandAgainstTrump
Sending positive thoughts Senator
We love you Senator. Keep fighting for the country.
Lol the idea he would want it called #trumpcare
Thank you, Senator!  I hope that your recovery is going well!
Thank You Senator
Thank you and take good care! 
@SenateDems @SenateFinance Thank you, Senator!
 Thank you for protecting us!
Thank you Senators Hirono and Schatz for making us proud of your good work representing the Aloha State.
Thank you for all that you are doing to stop this bill.
Thank you, Senator Hirano.
#VoteNoGrahamCassidy  call them
Thank you for standing for what's right
I call Trumpcare, Deathcare because that's what it's
Thank you. #TheACASavedMyLife #FixItTogether
http://www.montblanc-penssale.com/index.php/2017/09/25/importance-coloring-photoshop/ …
http://www.cheap-oakleysunglasses.us/index.php/2017/09/25/beginners-guide-neck-joint/ …
Please leave the pic out.
Thank you 
You are inspirational @maziehirono A true leader and role model
Mahalo to you Senator <3
thank you senator! @maziehirono #VoteNo #resist #GrahamCassidy
Finalizing my @SenateFinance testimony against #Trumpcare- mahalo to thousands who have shared their stories. This is for you. 
Thank you, ma'am!

Thank you for your passion and hard work to save our health care!
