@SenateDems kill babies! That's anti-family, anti-women & anti-Black; disproportionate amount of these babies are African American #genocide
WOMEN ARE FOR TRUMP!!
Obamacare is disgraceful to patients and hardworking taxpayers it focuses on redundant paperwork forms not people
It's about time!
Talk about failure of Obamacare that POTUS & republicans have to save.
Better than Obamacare
why do you live in New York and represent Oregon? Big $$ keep handing out $$$ for votes -your disgusting
why did you leak the close door session with Comey?
MANY OF YOU WILL NOT GET RE ELECTED FOR WASTING TIME AND TAX DOLLARS!!
WE DEMAND A SPECIAL INVESTIGATION ON OBAMA AND LYNCH FOR OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE RE THE HILLARY CASE.THAT CASE WILL B REOPENED!!
You did a great job today. Thank you.
Tell wyden to get his dentures fixed the bobbing of teeth drives me crazy!
I'll get right on that
Are these women afraid they won't be able to murder their unborn with federally and state funded taxpayer money ? They should it's going
We don't know it's effect, because we still have OCare which we know has destroyed our healthcare system. Thanks to Dems.
Senator, what lengths will you & @SenateDems go to in order to slow down #TrumpCare? Why haven't any of you committed to withhold consent?
Thanks for speaking up
why did you spend 30 million for a bike path in the gorge when we are 20 trillion in debt?
You proved today what an A$$ you are Wyden ...and please get your dentures fixed so you can talk without them bobbing ! It's very annoying!
sound the alarm Democrats but remember you have to pass it to see what's in it! Remember that statement, well how's that working for you
IF you want to know what smells, check your underwear. You live and raise your kids in New York and claim to be an Oregon Senator. LOL
Way to go Senator Wyden.. Democrats choose party over country.. You are shameful.

As long as politicians can get votes by attacking govt, then needs will be neglected
Assault on health care is just latest example #economy
You don't know what it contains.  How can you be discussing it intellectually?
You're awesome
Cmon dude. Say "doesn't pass the smell test" (new go to phrase) 5 times fast. Lot of s's to test that nasty lisp!
Pathetic
@foxnews Ha ha ... Obamacare is dying ... what are @TheDemocrats going to do to fix it?
if Obama care great y did u exempt yourself& staff makes a hypocrite we r org grassroots demand all elect officials b on obacare or vote out
hire voice coach ur lisp is so signiifigant when you lean into mic you sound like u r spitting. soo embarrassing.u can actually see saliva
If Obamacare was so great why did you object to having to use it yourself and for your family?? You have taxpayer funded Cadillac healthcare
Stop your lies about Trump!!!
I guess only DEMOCRAT women matter ....
You sure are wasting our money.
You came off looking like a boob today wyden.
How bout those billions of taxpayers' HARDEARNED $$$$ that were funneled to cronies under the guise of ObamaCareLess
Ohio just lost last of Obamacare providers. Obamacare is imploding
It's about time. Not my responsibility to subsidize healthcare for anyone except for our great veterans.
Stop using scare tactics. You took ins. from people who paid their own way and gave it to others free & now they can't afford it. So hush!
What about men's health care?
Man if you care so much about healthcare you are probably pissed about the AHCA
Senator show the taxpayers your health care benefits that you receive and the taxpayers pay for answer the question tell the truth
Idiot
I now refer to Trumpcare as the Deathbill.
Lol this guy.
@realDonaldTrump needs to destroy anything the democrats built.Time to make them pay for libtard obstruction  MAGA !

I'd rather tune out. Take a nap, Ronnie!
Y don't you come out and start slamming Loretta Lynch about trying to change the investigation of Clinton! Or the tarmac meeting? Seriously
Changing the subject since you got taken to the wood shed!!  Haha!!  WADR, You sir are a hack!  U R poster of what's WRONG with democrats.
Why don't you get your house in order before you start attacking someone else's. Sound like a whining child up there
You sound like Donald Duck and apparently YOU need to find out who is leaking no creditable info from a closed door session meeting.
Sessions smoked you fool
I think we all know Sessions hasn't smoked a damn thing in his whole life.
This is what happens when you do not represent Oregon but become a political operative.  STEP UP #passthebill
