How about some good ol' Trump Approved, American Style Torture to get them talking?
Let's start with Trump and his family. How about some good old water boarding. That seemed to be his fav
Worse. That was politics. This is buddying up with our enemy. Much, much worse.
Really! How about Commy lying, leaking, black eye for FBI,  promoted a demo party, trying to bring down a sitting president!!!
As much as I dislike you, keep digging. Comey has lots to set right and who knows who else.
So overblown.
When will we address the @DNC corruption that was exposed?  Is it party over U.S. democracy/people again?
Thank you, Senator Wyden. Proud you are my senator. Keep the pressure on.
The American people are sick and tired of this disaster of a presidency. The anxiety is high as our Constitution is attacked by traitors.
Yes democrats are ass holes
Whoops seems the truth was not what libtards wanted to publish
PLEASE!! Don't let us down! This AMERICAN NIGHTMARE has to come to a conclusion. This "REALITY SHOW" administration is embarrassing us
We love you @RonWyden !
Oh damn, this is one of my fool senators. SO EMBARRASSING!
I am a native Oregonian born and raised here and I think he's a joke and I did not vote for him.
As another native Oregonian I did vote for him.So I guess being "native" shows Oregon still has political diversity (which I think is good).
I agree now if people will open there eyes and vote wisely.
and open their minds and think.
Far beyond #Watergate #ComeyHearing  Rotten Russian Rubles
Disgusting senator. Hope you reap what you sow
And the GOP has this to say...crickets!!!  They are officially the party of see no evil, hear no evil....blah blah...but HRC and her emails
At least when Trump lies on the stand Paul Ryan can't claim he's new to this. #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump follow me please xoxo
This is so much worse than Watergate. This is trying to steal our rights and democracy. Nixon doesn't even touch near it.
What a cadaver-looking weirdo Ron Wyden is.  Just like most lib'tards.  Is that who we want legislating for us?  I say resoundingly NO!!!
@RonWyden Please keep up the great work! You are a patriot! You are an important part of #TheResistance
@RonWyden  The WH won't tell the truth!
Thank you Senator Wyden for demanding  answers.
Yeah but he said it "dothent path the sthmell tetht."
IMPEACH AND CONVICT!
Doesn't Matter, TRump could shoot someone on 5th ave and the GOP would not turn him in.
Thank you Ron; keep at it. Proud to be an Oregonian today.
@KaraWetherbySc1  . say Ron this is worse than what Nixon did over 40 years ago, now trump has a twitter account, Nixon did not
You ROCK, Senator Wyden!  I'm glad you represent me and Oregon and the country!
.@DonaldJTrumpJr:"Now that this is all passed...@POTUS can go back to doing the things he said he was going to do for the American people."
Stay the course!
Hard to squeeze in the minority.
The beginning of the end.
@HelpSnowden the media is extremely biased. If anything we've learned Loretta Lynch protecting Clinton's and Comey did nothing!
Well said! Brave Senator Wyden!
He's pulling his old tactic of "drawing out" the process until his rival weakens, fades & settles...please don't let it work as President...
His legal tactic of drawn out lengthy lawsuits to screw contractors, ppl who can't afford it & "settle" cannot be allowed to work here...
I love you. 
doesn't matter how hard you squeeze.  u, who r supposed 2 represent us, have been too silent, too filled with cowardice for far 2 long.
Keep up the good work and keep following the MONEY! 
It is so much more than Watergate. #espionage
Ron fix oregon.  Then pop off
Thank you Senator Wyden.
Bs
This makes Watergate look like a typical Saturday during the Obama Administration.
we need to squeeze you into unemployment
This is so much worse then Watergate.
Total B.S.
No, no, no.  This is much more serious than Watergate. 45 is a more prolific liar and thief. Long record cheating, lying, NOT a good guy.
Not watergate. Sorry.
I disagree, to me this is beyond Watergate.
It's worse than Watergate. Trump is a foreign agent.
i watched you on TV this morning. Thank you for your good work.
Watergate is a parking ticket in comparison.
U are part of the deep state puppet!
Someone needs to meme a duck and 45 into a single gif....
Not only that but RNC made up of Trump relatives and Michael Cohen attorney under investigation
Get 'em Ron!!!
@k_chappelle 
Why did @FBI accept word of Private Corp re: DNC Servers,  
Shouldn't those servers be turned over to the @FBI
Proud to have this man represent us in Oregon ! #illegitimatePOTUS
Loyalty kills Democracy, unless it is to Democracy!
In th meanwhile, over 45,000 people r dying each year due to lack of access to health care. This because of the fake reform #ACA. Good job!
Majority of country is cheering you on. Find out what Russia did and whether Trump campaign abetted or colluded. We want answers!
Keep fighting, Senator--you're doing a terrific job!!! 
Much worse than Watergate. Watergate like cover up.
thank you for your persistence in revealing the truth for #Oregonians and #americans #ComeyTestimony
You're gonna lose again. Ahhh hah hah hah...
No your not it is a bunch of hot air to avoid, bernie and Seth Rich murder.
I sure hope so. Make lemonade outa these "lemons"
Go Ron--thank you for sticking up for Harris!!! You're a good man.  Get to the truth and take action against GOP obstruction
Go go go!!!!!
Yes, this is watergate material. I want you to impeach trump and send him and his wh to jail #ImpeachTrumpNOW
The #Resistance is with you!  #TruthWillPrevail #FakePresident  #ImpeachTrump
Not Watergate-level material bigger.  That would be like comparing a 6 year old doing a belly flop in a pool to a gold metal Olympic diver.
Thank you Senator.
So give it a break. Hillary's Sour Grapes Russian Conspiracy nonsense is lame and desperate. BTW, when is your seat up?
Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch held a SECRET meeting on  a PRIVATE jet for nearly an hour right before Hillary's LEGAL FATE
Please do.
Strength to Oregon Ron  Wyden for trying to get into the potus mess
At least during Watergate, there was no indication of espionage and collusion with an adversary.
I totally agree --
Thank you Senator Wydon from one Texan who has had it with Texas politicians. Thank you for not letting go of the search for the truth.
YES!
Sen - The attacks from Russia and Trump on our institutions are attacks on our core democracy. Far worse than Watergate?
#GrandfatherClockGate
Thank you Senator Wyden. So proud of you & Senator Merkley & your leadership as Oregon patriots. Go get 'em!!
Then, you, Mark Warner, Kamala Harris, Joe Manchin let Angus King & Diane Feinstein ask all the questions.
Pathetic on so many levels., Don't these politicians know their words are going to come back to bite them a make great ads?
#would it really matter what truth is Government Officials abusing Authority getting away serious crimes like CPS worker Lying my case
Don't know the difference between an Order and a {hope} request?

Or are you just Show Boating?

1/2
Election was all about big #oil & carving up Arctic & Atlantic coast. That's the #Russian #Connection!  #Pruitt Tillerson & others prove it
We need to see this happen. Don't promise; deliver.
Thank you Senator Ron Wyden Keep putting them on notice that this isn't a game of hide and seek it is their job to tell the truth!
Get Priebus, Sessions, Pence, Kushner under oath re: Trump clearing room to talk alone w/Comey.
Thank you for standing so tall for our Democracy#TheResistance
P.S. Republicans and trump aren't going to make it easy for you. Use every legal means necessary, including contempt of congress
Partisan hack!
Can't those guys be charged with contempt of congress, or violation of their oaths of office for refusing to legally testify?
Thank you Mr Wyden!!
Ha, keep telling yourself that pal. America is smarter than you think. Fake news has a certain fragrance to it. What's that smell?
Smells like Trump. Seems like you been huffing a ton of that lately too!
How about fixing or repealing Obamacare. Just try governing Ron. #TermLimits
He, like the rest of the establishment, is more interested in playing the Washington obstructionist game and not actually doing the work.
2/is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public.
Theodore Roosevelt
And my @SenatorLankford thinks he just didn't know better. What a joke! trump is an manipulator from way back. He knew what he was doing!
1/To announce that there must be no criticism of the President, or that we are to stand by the President, right or wrong,
Francis Underwood is starting to look good.
MSNBC continues to hate everybody not a liberal,and bully viewers into believing lies. do your in depth investigation
If u cared about justice Hillary would be in jail. She did far worse. This is the Dems Vendetta against Trump.
Keep up the pressure. The truth always come out.
any1 and every1 working to destroy our country for any reason profit or power needs to be taken down like a rabid dog by court /end of rope
Don't lose sight of the money.  It's 45's oxygen. Your persistence is greatly appreciated by many Americans.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan There is NO degree of political agenda hopes that abolish YOU risking USA by supporting DT.
What's the Dem platform for the next election?
What use wrong worth you two in that video? I've never seen 2 lesbians blink that much while conversing...
And nothing will happen! Literally Trump can accept sacks of blood soaked money from Putin on video and kick an eagle, GOP doesn't care!
Thank you Senator. Please tell IC guys that by not answering questions, the assumption is that 1) it happened; 2) they are beholden to DJT;
3) they must have taken that "loyalty pledge"; 4) they have no regard for the Constitution; and 5) they have zero integrity.
Leave our President alone.  He has been harassed enough by all of you and the fake media.
Much worse than Watergate.
@maddow I believe DNI Coats and NSA Dir Rogers working to delay to Muillers invest. To enable Reps to push their agenda for 18 to 24 months
start crying ....
It's way beyond Watergate! He makes Nixon look like a Boyscout!
Cong Oversight Cmte must use threat of remedy of contempt and not accept non responsive answers from witnesses. Yesterday was disappointing
Oh mr. Wyden! This is why we have term limits! Good lord I remember you from being a kid & YOU in government ! You & Your nonsense need 2 GO
But he's not going anywhere Dustie! Sounds like he's gonna hang around till he gets to the bottom of this. That probably really pisses u off
You are trying to squeeze a case out of nothing. Only thing real is all the hatred for the President from your party. Still no evidence.
Good luck with that, Ron, but after reading Comey's statement, I don't see how it can be "watergate" -shows president's ignorance, not crime
I always know the enemies of @POTUS will fail even before they kick-off. #comey hearing will be disappointing to them
#Constitution1stAgain
This is worse
going fwd if they don't answer the ? state it will be considered as a yes. These pple r slime laughing abt how they don't want 2 rpt thmslvs
Senator America deserves the truth. Coats and Rogers  refusal to answer was beyond words #CoverUp
U guys r asking if the convo happened. Their reply is that they wont reveal content of convo. So they've admitted, yes there was a convo
Appreciate fighting 4 so many,&caring
Appreciate the fight for our country. This corruption is deep and wide. Frightening times for our democracy.
Go get 'em Ron!  Thank you for your service to Oregon and The United States.  So proud you are my senator.
No, YOU'RE tired of the Russia stuff. The rest of us want the truth and then we want the appropriate parties to be punished. U know who...
Unfortunately for you this is just the beginning of the end. No answers today but they'll come, slowly. Drip, drip, drip remember that sound
Ron Wyden for President
Good Grief 
I'm glad I voted for you!!!
I hope that he isn't allowed to do.any pardons...
Lol you played good little democrat for 8 years but now all of a sudden you have morals
Make Oregon Great Again. Fire Uber-Liberal Political Hacks like Ron & Kate. Bad for Oregon.
Watergate was piffle compared to the tampering of an election by a hostile foreign power under sanctions
Ron you are nothing more than a Partisan Witch Hunter. Shameful Obstructionist....Disgraced Uber-Liberal.
Sen. Wyden, please move for a finding of contempt of congress against Coats and Rogers. You have power that the people put in you. Use it.

We know ducks in Oregon. If it looks like a duck and ........yes....!
Woo, @RonWyden you make us in the Pacific Northwest so proud. Thank you!
Watergate sounds quaint.
Watergate is to Russiagate as Grenada is to Vietnam.
#WatergateIsToRussiagateAs 'Pinocchio' is to 'Arsenic and Old Lace'
Thanks Ron!!!
Dirty dems are like rabid dogs.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contempt_of_Congress …
Wyden comes off with his I'm just an elder rights lawyer, he's a viper searching for the truth and I'm glad he's my Senator.
Thank you. and don't forget this. Tired of hearing "he didn't know it was wrong."
yeah but you did not care when lynch broke protocols only now...bias hack & fake news.
Thank you Senator.  Get the truth!
You go for it Senator Wyden! US citizens want a 9/11 type independent investigation: quickly, before Trump does more damage to our nation.
Bull shit!!
Thank you Ron. Please, please make it happen. You have a lot of push back to deal with.
As an Alum, Senator--
you go Ducks!
Thank you Senator for all your efforts to fight the good fight
Saw you on Rachel hope so.So .
Not proud of you Wyden.  Go back to the swamp.   Try to learn truth for a change
Dito
Keep up the pressure @SenRonWyden! We appreciate your diligence & dedication! #ComeyHearing  our democracy is at stake.
Trump does not care about the Constitution. Comey is not a liar. Trump lies daily.  Fired Comey to stop or impede Russia investigation
Not true, watch and see
Don't let up! Keep the pressure on.
This is not Watergate level-our Current situation dwarfs Watergate & demotes it to a cute little bump in our democratic history #end of days
This is the worst political scenario since Kennedy brothers assassinations!
No way
Thank you sir for your diligence. You give me hope for the survival of American democracy.
It must feel good to have a Senator who stands up. I'm stuck w/Flake & McCain (who managed to ask if the IC guys had read WaPo.) 
Proud to be an Oregonian!
Jealous!!
Get em @RonWyden !
You are engaging in mental masturbation. Where are the facts? None. Where is the evidence? There is none. Watergate? Dream on.
= #Putinbot You choose to see what you want to see. @RonWyden
Hold their feet to the fire. You are tall, white, male but moral & you can pull it off. Give em hell, Ron Wyden!
YADA YADA YADA YADA YADA YADA
Be relentless Mr. Wyden.
Keep at it Ron. Thank you for your efforts.
Great job Mr. Wyden! Proud to have you represent not only America but Oregon too!
You morons really need to pay attention...opening this big can of nothing is gonna boomerang right back on ur hero's.
Can we have them removed? Replaced from their positions for not answering your questions? If you let them get away w it everyone will follow
