Becuz of this administration ignorance,within the hour!
I need a fifth option

They are ELECTED officials. We will not back down until we are heard. 
And the same question for the Obamacare bill? You're a hypocrite. As a conservative independent I say let Obamacare fail to show your folly.
Really great use of your time Senator.
None isn't an option

Justice would be served if it could be ruled unconstitutional on basis of denial of legislative due process
Nonono.
Well, as long as it takes to read it.. unlike the Obama care you couldn't read before you passed it
Ping @AngrierWHStaff @ALT_uscis @AltUSDA_ARS @AltWASONPS @NastyWomenofNPS @Vets_Vs_Trump
Pelosi: We need to pass it to see whats in it!@# You concerned now!!!
Stop crying. Pelosi admitted no one knew exactly was what in the ACA. Until we get normal civilized care here, I give no fucks for the BS.
Remember this, scumbag? “But we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it..”
They won't make it public until after they've voted to kill us.
@SenateMajLdr and @SenateGOP should be ASHAMED of what they're doing. We're going to take down as many of them as we can next year.
Which answer is more time than the Democrats gave the public when Obamacare was voted in? Hypocrite much?
30 seconds
Seriously...WHAT ARE REPUBLICANS DOING?!

What is their motivation in hurting so many people? Their OWN CONSTITUENTS?

The MOST vulnerable 
It's like health care legislation is being written by Kafka.
I wanted to choose "this is giant pile scaramooch"
Stay strong, Senator!
Thank you, Senator, for your hard work on this. It's not easy to be in the minority, but you are doing a great job. We are with you #Resist
A Bill that for the public is hidden from the public and most who vote for it. Look GOP Senators reading is fundamental.
Wouldn't be in this mess if the ACA wasn't just a scam used to push Americans into single payer or such socialist junk
it isn't trump care jackass it is Obama care. full repeal

#0Plan #FOODSTAMPBILL: Skinny bill is Ryan's fuzzy math bill. McCain & his Republican comrades voted against those dumb bills is my hero. 
Cramps more interesting then analysis?
.@RonWyden It's already too late for anyone new to the bill to figure out its substance/secrets. Cruel people play dice with people's lives.
The bill undergoes a time dilation rxn with flux capacitor, changing bill to Möbius strip time paradox. FYscience!
less than an hour should be an option tbh
"This can't be happening" is no longer a possibly correct statement. Anything can happen.
a list of @TheDemocrats who are currently under @FBI scrutiny for their financial ties to the #AwanBrothers. #DrainTheSwamp
We are living in an alternate reality. Time no longer has any meaning.
Neither do words or truth.
Work with them..  Who cares about Obama's legacy you are going to kill millions of people with your obstruction
I never ever again want to hear Republicans complain about Democrats trying to "ram" anything down anyone's throats!
Been watching politics all my life - this is the craziest I have ever seen Congress act - how can @GOP vote for a bill they KNOW is a fraud?
Does the Senate a rule like the House's requiring bills to be public before a vote? What sayeth the Parliamentarian? Asking for a friend.
Well it's happening folks. Liar Ryan agreed to conference but we know when Senate passes and hands over bill that the House will pass soon
It will be made public when they actually write one. I'm not convinced they have anything more than notes written on toilet paper.
All 4 options are unacceptable.
P.S. Thank you for your work regarding privacy and electronic surveillance.
60 mins
They'll be on display for 1 minute in the bottom of locked filing cabinet in a disused lavatory with sign on door saying ‘Beware of Leopard.
1 second
Wasn't the ACA suppose to be self sustainable? @TheDemocrats @RepAdamSchiff @SenSchumer @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump
$1 bob!
They're playing life and death games!!!  Convince them.....   THIS IS NOT NORMAL
welcome to Calvinball, Senator.
What the hell is a voter-rama? Are you guys smoking crack in the cloakroom?
McCain and Graham seem to not know what they're doing.  McCain has a doctor's note, don't know WHAT Graham's excuse is.
If you get a chance to speak, Ron, I'd appreciate you referring to the "skinny" bill as a "nothing burger" - just like their Russia problem.
They'll make it public in the middle of the night and schedule a 5 AM vote. They are spineless, treasonous, sycophantic cowards.
we need to kill ANY form  of socialized medicine, its a privilege not a right
Why are they desperate to pass a bill that has 12% approval???
$1
In this case, that would be "1 minute"
Senator Wyden you have been a breath of sanity in this whole amazing train wreck.  Thank you for serving your state and your nation.
simultaneously
One Dollar!!! 

Oh, wait..
.
Maybe one second, it wasn't an option though.
Less than one hour.

I am actually afraid. We have insurance but know the cost will increase.
5 minutes
