Complying with the request is a direct threat to Oregonians’ security, privacy & right to vote.
This request is also a tool of voter suppression and should not be validated in any way, shape or form.
There is no way the federal govt should get Oregonians’ sensitive information when it can’t even keep classified staffer data safe.
Trump also wants Oregon to send voters’ personal information to an insecure email address – a bonanza for hackers.
Ron, didn't the letter ask for "Publicly Available" voter roll data? Shouldn't that data already be completely innocuous? If not, why?
Don't get me wrong, not at all a fan of Trump or the obvious voter suppression tactics but this is a conversation about public data.
Last 4 of my ssn had better NOT be publicly available data.
Right, so if they just deliver the publicly available data it seems fairly harmless. Unless the public data is overly revealing.
Totally harmless. Pls tweet me your full name, home address, partial SSN, party affiliation. Oh and let me know if you're a felon, pls. Thx.
Point is, "publicly available" is a pretty misleading term. Most people consider this info sensitive. You can't just Google it.
Exactly.  My voting record and party affiliation are nobody's business but mine.  If I choose to share it that's one thing.
I shouldn't be forced to reveal it to the feds.
Uh Probably cuz of all the illegal voting that went on here in Oregon give him what he wants show respect to our Greatest President EverMAGA
Playing politics and twisting truth is not good for Oregon!
I emailed the Secy of State yesterday and did not receive a response - *please* tell me my voter information is safe!!!
They are tallying constituent phone calls that's the best way to voice your opposition and be counted call @OregonSOS 503-986-1523
Just called - a recording says the Secy of State is considering his options and advises constituents to email: elections@sos.oregon.gov
I emailed yesterday but haven't received a response - I suppose they're getting a ton of emails.
About time they investigate voter fraud! I wonder how many illegals vote here.
We should ask why are they trying to normalize that kind of stuff...and how it relates to the Ru prob
He looses all my votes sir.
I hope not.
No
Appalling and unconstitutional.  #NoLists Here are just a few of the real election issues that need focus:
Say NO
They also asked for your party affiliation and  voting history? How is that harmless?  What is the purpose of voting behind a curtain then?
With all the excellent IT experts in the US it's amazing DJT didn't manage to hire any of them.
Thank you for reporting this, PLEASE oppose it!
I hope don't plan on adhering to this. I didn't see Oregon on the lastest list of states to decline.
Please urge SOS Richardson to deny WH this data!! Our personal information should not be made public or hacked. Birthdate, etc.
No. Please no.
Sounds like federal overreach. Would love bipartisan dissent.
Yep, and with #FATCA it's very sensitive financial data that goes to an organisation with a record of losing control of data.
Join the other states and say no to Trump's voter fraud BS!
Wow... so many problems with this story - from the legal record of the Commissioner, the role of the Commission, and the practices they use
Thank you Senator Wyden for standing up for Oregonians ONCE AGAIN!!!  So So So glad you are our Senator!!!
Don't you need my permission to send that information anywhere but where it belongs even if it is secure? Asking for millions of friends
Please refuse to comply with this. @RonWyden
As an Oregonian, I do not want my voter info to be provided to the Trump adminstration under any circumstances.
@louwala @RonWyden OR Sec. of State- refused private info but they can have the public info if they pay $500 like anyone else.
Gift to the Russians
I heard about this yesterday. I DO NOT want that information just handed out to 45's bunch. No good can come of that! Please stop this.
.@OregonSOS .@OregonGovBrown .@Indivisible_OR .@IndivisibleTeam Secretary Dennis Richardson, PLS DO NOT RELEASE OREGON VOTER INFO TO TRUMP
NO! NO!  The horror.
I live in Oregon... Do not let this happen Sen.Wyden.
#ProtectOurPrivacy 
#NoVoterDataShare
HELL NO
Thanks for standing up for voters rights! As one of your constituents, I'm glad I moved to OR. Need calls to @OregonSOS or @OregonGovBrown ?
This is NOTHING MORE THAN VOTER SUPPRESSION by Republicans!
Of course hes a spy, a traidor , undermining our freedoms
"Insecure email address" like overweightuglyperson@yahoo or something?
The State of Oregon should NOT comply with this nonsense request!
if the Feds asked for this data to be collected from a list of registered gun owners, we'd be seeing a whole different response!
Voter theft.
Please help to keep my voter information safe!  Hackers are more and more common, why the last four SS number?  Hackers heaven!
So the Russians can data mine and screw with the next election. Trump is nothing more than a dictator
What parts of "voters' personal information" that's requested is not public?
NO!
Voters rights mean nothing in today's America
My local junior college hasn't offered Russian yet. What should we do?
Pls note, this commission is run by WH, they won't make data public. Meaning they can say there was voter fraud but never have to prove it?
Imagine Texas w @GregAbbott_TX @JohnCornyn @tedcruz has already sent it in by FedEx. Anything to help voter suppression/gerrymandering cause
The commission is using an unsecured email address to collect data which shows that they have no sense of duty to protect sensitive data.
My state's voter registration form says the 4-digits of SS # are confidential and promises that it won't be shared.
Don't do it, Oregon! Stand up for voters and against this corrupt administration
Let's not give any more means to suppress voting or do bizarre gerrymandering as a result
Please don't let this happen
Don't allow this for us, Sir!  I'm proud you're our senator.
No!
I hope your state's attorney general is refusing.
Will you be complying with this request @OregonSOS ?
Make sure we don't send them a damn thing. They don't need voter rolls. If they're only requesting public data they can get it themselves!
2/ ... (See, for example, Fish v. Kobach, No. 16-3147, 10th Cir. 2016). I don't trust him as far as I could throw him (not very!)
Don't send anything to these fools. Also, if they want publicly available data, let them get it the way the public gets it. On their own!
All elected officials should refuse this request and protect their constituents' privacy. Thanks for seeing through the BS @RonWyden!
"..the Vice Chair of the Commission, Kris Kobach, has a lengthy record of  illegally disenfranchising eligible voters in Kansas...       1/
Oregon will join NY and VA and say no, won't it? I'm sure my home state of Washington will do the same.
NO NO NO voters info sent! Please do NOT allow this to happen. It would be an irresponsible act.
Please oppose this.  I don't want them to have it. The GOP just left it open to everyone.
@OregonGovBrown , even though this info is "public", DO NOT participate in this effort! I do not trust this admin with ANY sensitive info!
If this happens I am going to un-register to vote.
It's all a plow to market Trump steaks or Trump water or Trump septic tanks. Look for your mailers in the near future lmao
ploy
He and many others working with him have NO experience and don't know what they are doing. That's what we get with an inexperienced person.
This person has not proven himself in any way. Nor have his handlers. He/they are suspects in a crime. Nothing less. Trust is earned.
By law, don't SOS(es) simply certify they clean their voter rolls? They should also certify they are not hacked. Fraud Commission is a joke.
Don't let him!!!! Protect us!!!
Is there any way to block this order, or even just opt out? I'm deeply concerned about his intent. Legal or illegal? Voter suppression? Thx
This f'ing guy. Smh
What next? How dumb can they get?
Just say NO! Indiana, Kentucky & others r saying NO.  Plus, RNC just leaked recs of > 200 million Americans
.@GOP  the RNC already compromised 200 million voters  personal data w/Deep Root Analytics leak
What is being done about that?
#GOPFail
Clearly, from most of the responses here, Oregon constituents aren't stupid.  #Resist
That's probably the point
FFS, is this incompetence or intentional?
Why? Is that legal? Thank you. @cnn @MSNBC @abcnews @cbsnews @NBCNews
He just wants a nice gift to hand to Putin next week 
Hit it right on the head!
#FakePresident
Trump might send the data to Russia , he can't be trusted .
Yeah, that would be a big hell-to-the-NO on that.  He will have to figure out another way to try and bully Oregonian voters.
Well maybe if you would be more supportive and truthful the e-mails would not be so insecure They would have confidence and self assuredness
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA...
As soon as RW opens his mouth or any dem lib I know that what the pres is doing is the right thing.
Un-f’ing-believable. Is the insecure email being used by design or just from stupidity?
They want to creat voter fraud retroactively  or he is looking for easy identity picks for his comrades. Regardless #TrumpRussia is real
If collusion reports bear out, Trump campaign has shared voter information with Russia in the past. This is more comprehensive. Please block
The brazenness of this is just stunning. I feel completely powerless.
Its time for Americans to hit the streets and demand Trump resign...an American version of the 'Arab Spring' ....GOP is also complicit
Yes this 1000 times!
Do we as voters have any rights concerning our personal information being used to destroy democracy?
anybody have standing? let the lawsuits begin.
NO!! NO!! NO!! I do not trust Trump.
Sir, is it an AOL address? You know the VP is big on AOL addresses....
