JUST IN: Trump claims rich people "will not be gaining at all" under his tax reform plan http://hill.cm/q6wSXf2  
can you still dunk?
I believe he just attempted to.

UC Santa Barbara!
Trump is such a liar and not even a good one
A bet: If my tax break as a proportion of my income is greater than the rich, I'll donate it to charity! Vice versa if theirs is larger!
Right, and next year you'll be working for US.
Don't buy incrementalism. It's code for: "we can't figure out how to do this & keep taking re-elect $ from the oppressors."#MedicareForAll 
You in the NBA and me swimming the English Channel.
And I'm winning the lottery.
Heard your a monster on the boards.
Right, and I'm a super model and playing in the NBA!

right..and I'm playing pro hockey this year
Good for you, Ron!    #TrailBlazers
Trump's Title, The Lying Sack of Shit
BullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshit
In making an objective observation of his daily/routine conduct,you'll see that his overall motive, in office,is focused on #SelfEnrichment
Riiigghhtt!!!! W h a t a JOKE!!!!  Just another Propaganda Spiel from the world class conman!!!!
Trailblazers could use a little help...
That is just BS, @realDonaldTrump.  And the proof of that is in the fact that neither you nor @GOP want anyone to know the details.  BS
How dumb does he think is BASE is? .... oh wait nevermind #Resist
Ron is a badass
Me too.
LOL!! Never believe a Rump statement.
Is this like his last one? A one page that has no direction? Too bad we got someone in WH who knows absolutely NOTHING about government
And trump is a known liar.
He's a LIAR. He sits on a THRONE Of Lies.
@realDonaldTrump #TrumpRussia  #Impeach45 #TrumpLies    How about you go first? STILL waiting on you to show your taxes, as u promised
You're just a continuous whiner!
 lmao. Not
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Add one more lie to the tens of thousands he has told since taking office.
Next year hope so. You won't be in government anymore
I'll. E there to cheer you on Senator
Listen, just dunk on his ass where it matters MOST. Serve straight Justice on them, all!
And, I have a bridge to sell you!
Congressional term limits!
 And I'm swimming the English Channel!  
Actually the middle class will suffer most.  His plan was accidentally released and it will kill MC homeowners.

Yes but what about cosponsoring Bernie Sanders's Medicare for all bill? I voted for you. This is a dealbreaker whether I vote for you again.

A Very POTUS Narcissist https://narcsite.com/2017/04/06/a-very-potus-narcissist-2/ …

https://narcsite.com/2017/04/06/a-very-potus-narcissist-2/#comments … 
Sean Spicer , Pelosi and Schumer smoke #Greenleaf on #FallonTonight #Narc4Prez
#HGTudor
So, it's trickle up then instead of trickle down? 
Always!!
Cap rich peoples salaries like professional sports.  THEN trickle down can work. Not if the glass gets bigger as it fills. 
His plan eliminate the estate tax. That would only help the top 1 percent of the population who pay the estate tax.
BS
Sass master
You know, #MedicareForAll would greatly help working families. How do you feel about that?
Rich gain in every situation wherever in the world, that's why they are rich
.@RonWyden who cares if they do gain? Shouldn't EVERYONE have it a little easier?
  You think anyone but the super rich will have it easier?!?!   LMAO!!!
I didn't say that. I only questioned why everyone shouldn't get a break. The top 10% pay 90% of all income tax.
LOL!   You really need to do some research.  That is totally wrong.  Many of the top 10% pay next to nothing.  If anything.
bruh. It's literally on the IRS website. Feel free to google.
That's right, because the tax bill is not going to pass
Idiot
Ron Wyden is the fucking man. Hell yeah just dunked on Trump.
Hey Ron, my Dad says you WERE a pretty good basketball player in college!
He's got six fouls to use in a hack-a-somebody situation. Not the worst idea I've ever heard out of a politician  cc: @trailblazers
LOL!!! I love you!!
Oh your partisan sarcasm is beneath your office. Oregonians deserve better than you
Trump is a know nothing "say what they want to hear" blow hard.
Since you deleted What PDJT said , here it is the rich are not gaining on this tax plan! Wyden not working 4/America he needs to resign!
How tall are you Ron?
Straight from the Trymp Hole
How about moving to the state of Oregon where you're supposedly a representative?
He is a LIAR.

You would be more productive in the NBA.  We can only dream.
And I'll be a Nobel Prize winner in Astrophysics!  Ha.
Only Trumpers are dumb enough to believe this
Good one. Next year I'm going to the moon, being a neurologist, & getting a Nobel prize #TrumpLies #TrumpRussia #FireSarah #DeportMelania

LIES
Trump does nothing that doesn't benefit him
directly
He's damaged/destroyed gov programs that
are of benefit American's who aren't rich
@laureldavilacpa @thehill I'm nursing in the Olympics.
I have a bridge to sellyou too!
Americans want Medicare For All! We are the last "developed" country to do this! Please vote for Medicare for all!
He doesn't even know what the bill says cuz he he hasn't read it
He is illiterate.
Come again? He's written multiple books lmao
It will be creative tax reform.
And of course I've got oceanfront property in Tucson to sell you.....
Hey dude, people are not stupidmot even those who voted for you!
Me too.
LOL - many of us are keeping track of those who do vote for tax cuts for the wealthiest - & won't vote for them .......
My thighs are still thin and firm and I NEVER get moody.
Yep & Flynn did nothing wrong & is a just a nice guy who got a raw deal #maddow btw @maddow needs a bigger board to list all the flynn stuff
Good Senator, Cynicism aside. What's your plan for re-patrioting US based companies with billions of dollars offshore?
That's right Wydhole keep spreading contempt and hate speech
And I'm replacing Tom Brady as the Patriots quarterback. This week.
Am sure if you played hoops you played the scrappiest defense on the court
Power forward?
Tryout for the Blazers, they could more than likely use you
I think you could. He can tell a truth if his life depended on it
Right, and gerrymandering doesn't affect election outcomes.
ROFL ..and I'm a sophisticated Cindy Crawford lookalike.
Good one Ron. Ya nerd
ron i am very here for this please keep us updated
Lol
@thehill  READ TWIT'S. GOODBYE.  NO WORK EQUALS NO JOB, SO STUPID. OREGON
And you will be sitting for the anthem, right? #liberalsAreNuts #Ny3rdSenator #notMySenator
Also, NBA salary vs Congressional pay... make more selling votes.
Such a liar, everything he does is for his rich friends
Trump is a liar and liars tell lies.
Current political climate: We’d better wait this out and see if @RonWyden gets drafted.
Right, and next year I’m playing in the NBA https://twitter.com/thehill/status/908056470968786946 …
@thehill  You mean you won't believe the President who you serve!!!  That is what will be you're down fall.. Goodbye Senator
He must think everyone is as STUPID as he is.
LIAR!!
And I'll be a teenager again.
False
Only the SUPER rich will benefit
For which team? #trumpisDelusional
Reducing  the business tax all the way down to 15% will give
> Millions$ to EACH individual of top 1% 
> $10,000+ EACH to top 5%.
EACH YEAR
He thinks we are as stupid as he thinks we are! Hey donnie a bunch of us can READ and keep up! Plus you're an outright liar! Dismissed!!!
And you wonder why you do not get invitations to work on solutions... how about waiting till you see a bill from others working .
Wyden shoots and scores!
Ya can't fix stupid but you can impeach him
Truth O Meter anyone?
Maybe you can... with a white affirmative action program for NBA...
I would believe Homer Simpson 10 times  more than Trump.
Liar
Hardest hit your hedge fund son 
Another "believe me", "many people tell me"....LIAR
And what exactly is wrong with a person, rich or poor, keeping what they have earned? Taking it without earning it, it stealing!

really, who knew you played anything other than the game of making money off of us idiots
Please help us and join aboard with #MedicareForAll
Yes, and I just found out I'll be playing in the NFL! Lol! Trump is sick. He needs to go.
@thehill perfect, the @trailblazers always can use a mix up In the roster .
Maybe he meant weight, they won't gain weight, money, yes.
More Trump BS. It's already obvious that the wealthy will get the vast majority of tax benefits, and the rest of us will get the shaft.
Good one, Senator!
Top 1% income earners get 41% of tax cuts $ esch+ $55.000/yr.    Trump Tax Cuts of $7.8 Trillion, Aid Top Earners, http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/BBEiIdb?ocid=st … …
Thank you Senator Wyden for keeping it real.
Yes and im the fairy godmother
That's good to president doesn't want to give a tax break to the rich... let's see what Congress does the screw that up.. yeah you Ron
Now, you listen to me, jerk-off, if you're not a part of the solution, you're a part of the problem. Quit being a part of the problem
Um, yeah, but a loss is actually beneficial on taxes...words are important.
Oh man, that means we'll never see that sweet sweet hook shot 
Thank you Senator, but no. You're one of the few we'd keep there.
COngratulations why was your signing bonus?
Yeah, and I'm a virgin....
me, too
You've been in office for over two decades and have done nothing to cut taxes. You're a perfect example of why we need term limits.
Nice one Senator!
Trump is a pathological liar !!

@thehill Since you are a committee that deals with taxes why don't you learn about tax law be for sticking your foot in mouth
Why is he allowed to get away w saying these outrageous lies and never challenged at the time or after? Why?? I swear I just don't get it??
Well Ronnie I'm sure there is a d league team that might give ya a min or two on the court... Maybe if ya cut them in on that side cash
He doesn't have a plan, just a vague set of ideas. Trump he tells people what they want to hear and then acts like he never said it.
Lol good one
@thehill #POTUS comments on no tax for wealthy, is like Bush 41's " Read my lips. No new taxes.
Get ready for 2020 Sir.
Probably about as effective in the NBA as you are in Congress!
Then he'll be a helluva player.
For Knicks, maybe, since you've forgotten your roots. #rememberAlUllman
Will U be screaming adopting resident tax'n, if proposed, is helping the rich?  Seems @TheDemocrats think ALL expats R wealthy tax evaders.
Please, what can we do. USA is disintegrating under trump. We can't wait any longer. He is destroying everything good.
Doublespeak: they just won't be losing as much. That's not the same thing as gaining, is it?
Seems about as legit as Trump's Presidential run in 2015.
Tax billionaires out of existence is my tax reform plan
You need to try to help him pass some of the things he wants. We elected him because of this!

Sooooo ... we're not trading for Melo?
Sure. We totally believe you because you're SO trustworthy and have always been for the working man.
I'm sure he meant to say, "All rich people will be gaining under this tax reform plan, believe me. It's the richiest plan." #bingbingbong
You get a tax break & you get a tax break and you...#grifters
2 THINGS: TERM LIMITS & TRUMP2O2O
He could prove this easy if he's actually show his tax plan. And his tax returns
I'm Jewish, gave up on that before my Bar Mitzvah, only 5'10.
Yes because rich people are so very concerned about the less fortunate

@POTUS.  No one believes anything you say. @thehill
And i win the lottery for 2 billion dollar's 
Will you be a starter?
Lower taxes for everyone and all businesses makes a lot of sense! Setup and be part of the solution! @gop get this done!
I'd wager on your NBA stint any day over POTUS 'Robin Hood' pivot.
JUST IN:   Trump is lying again.
me too
Slam.
Do you believe that lying mouth?
Cc @trailblazers ron's surprisingly tall, he could provide some reliable minutes off the bench
he definitely looks like the kind of dude who averages 4 minutes and 0.7 pts per game over a 6-year NBA career
Greg Kite 2.0!
This is how rumors are started
Top news of Today~ Wyden signs with Blazers for undisclosed amount!!! News@11
@thehill term limits, you need to retire and stay in New York your home state.
#Ny3rdSenator
Ron is a baller!

@Dame_Lillard You might have a new senator team mate.
Am I possibly mistaken in seeing that you are not supporting #Medicare4All ?
The best way to care about us non rich people is to endorse medicare for all. We need single payer
