Why? Maddow is a hack and a liar. Who do you work for?
Oregon is in the top 10 most expensive states to live. Imo, it's the policy decisions of our elected officials. They spend tax $ recklessly
It's been proven that firing Comey had no effect on investigation. Dems letting of smoke bombs again.
Crowd Strike & the dossier paid for by Clinton, DNC, & FBI are the only sources of Russia involvement. Sounds rather FISHY.
How about the May 3 Comey testimony were he reported no pressure from the JD or WH. I for one have a memory even if you don't.
They did not. They said info was classified &would  give info in closed meeting- ask for one-you are calling our intel liars & shame on you
Wow you are so ignorant- classified info is what this whole thing is about - why would our 3 intel agencies testify Oh my
Guilty. And coerced to say nothing. "I expect loyalty" @cnn #maddow @tedlieu
How about answering why DNC didn't let FBI inspect the server & relied on DNC contractor Crowd Strike? Fake
Thank you 4 being a true patriot & fighting to save our democracy! Your hard work is greatly appreciated by the American MAJORITY! 
Tired of losing yet?
Plz retire and go away. You are imbarrasing yourself on television
Pipe dreams man, GET YOUR BUTTS TO WORK FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!
NOW!!!!!!
Where were you during 8 years of Repub obstruction?
There wasn't any!
At the end of all this you and the rest of the Dems will have large sums of eggs on your face. Comey will not help you tomorrow. Waste!
The Comrade here is the Socialist from that Far Left world called Oregon. Keep in mind you will have to live with this POTUS 91 months Enjoy
Maybe you could tell us why @KamalaHarris was treated disrespectfully by the committee
Maybe because she was so rude??
Thank you for speaking up about this- I agree intel officials who refused to answer Qs made a mockery of our democracy & powers of congress.
Hold them in contempt, Do something!
Oh my gosh you are illiterate- this was not a court hearing-intel & President of United States can at anytime classify and declassify
Are you for real- what is the contempt of Congress?
The disrespect these guys showed the Senate by refusing to answer (w/o legal basis) was repugnant. It was blatant contempt of Congress
Just how open and HONEST have ANY of our government officials been in the last 40 years?
Fake news I'm not surprised you do your interview with Rachel Maddow. You are letting some us down.
Go get 'em Ron!!
Yea!! More for Oregonians to be embarrassed about YOU! Not to mention that slime Maddow.

Are you going to explain that they were ALL asking for a closed session so that they could answer those questions?  Or are you going to lie?
Great format. Dumb and dumber
A West Coast Democrat completely disconnected from Middle USA. Keep it up Ron. Enjoy this POTUS for 91 more months. We will punish in 18.
It is always interesting seeing the perspective from people that are Label Makers. They think they know things about places & know nothing!
What is your plan if there was no interference from POTUS?
The reason you were there was 702. The safety of our citizens. Wonder why Congress is rated so low. Today is a great reason why. DC lost!
Jackass of the Week award goes to far Lefty Wyden,who ludicrously claimed the Dems no facts no crime Trump accusations as "like Watergate"!
Thank you for not backing down today. Their refusal to answer says volumes.
Thank you, Senator Wyden, for your effort to find the truth of this situation.  Keep up your good work!
Why make these liars take oaths if they can just break them? Does no one have integrity anymore? Is our Constitution just a piece of paper?
Many Thank Ron Wyden! Infuriating was Andrew McCabe, Director Michael Rogers, and Director Dan Coats would not answer unclassified questions
You did a great job, and please be passionate about our democracy tomorrow, Ron. Oregon and the country need your experience.
I just want to say you rock! A great example of integrity please keep up the good fight!
Thank you, sir, for putting America first. We appreciate your commitment and know you will get to the bottom of the #TrumpRussia mess.
I'll be watching the latter re-broadcast tonight here in Salem. Looking forward to it.
Thank you for all your work and don't give up. Clearly they didn't answer 'cause it would hurt, not help their boss. CONTEMPT of Congress!
U were great thx for all u are doing!
Great job, sir! Thank for you putting country over party/personal agenda. Go get 'em!
Thank you for your commitment to getting to the bottom of it. Yes. It's a duck.
U r making me cry - such a frustrating time for us average citizens!!  Keep upthe good fight the us const is worth it!!
Thank you for your diligence! May the tides turn tomorrow with the Comey testimony. Full Moon on Friday!
We stand behind you senator! Thank you for working so hard to save our democracy! 

High five from a Maine neighbor. Different coasts, same US values.
Yay!  Go Ron Go.
Thanks. Would seem that today's hearings included contempt for the Senate. Please don't let them off the hook. @GOP seems unconcerned.
Appreciate your efforts today on behalf of us Americans. We need you to do your job this well. Thank you.
I appreciate your tenacity and clarity this morning in trying to get to the truth. Please don't give up. The American people need to know.
I am so proud that you are my senator!
Watching #get answers #Truth Matters
#quacked like a Duck - thanks for getting to the bottom of this - we look for ACTION #RESIST
Thank you for your leadership! Our country is counting on you and others in Congress to lead us through this terrible time. 

What they basically said is So What? This Oregonian thanks you for fighting for our rule of law. Counting on you to get to the bottom of it.
Coates & Rogers shld be imprisoned for contempt of Senate during hearings today. Appalling. #obstructionofjustice #abuseofpower #impeach45
Thank you for your dedication and commitment #ObstructionOfJustice
What happens if Members of @realDonaldTrump continue to Refuse to answer bonifide questions from Senate Intelligence Committee? #Impeachment
Contempt should be the next step
Watching now. How frustrating this must have been. Fight on and get to the bottom. Watergate level!
Hey @RonWyden you are doing a great job! Democracy in ACTION. Keep it up. Call me an appreciative Oregonian and Patriot!
Great job today - too bad it wasn't productive. Keep asking the right questions!
Yay!
I know u can't say it, but Rogers looked like a hungover fool. Don't know how anyone can believe that pastey mess.
If we can't trust the head of the NSA we can't trust anybody!!! We've got to think this over.
Keep on it and make sure the public is informed. Thank you Senator!
It's called #propaganda.  There is a #WH office & budget 4 #FakeNews. Don't b fooled.Fact check the 6 Media Corps controlling all #MSMedia.
Cant wait to hear the answer-they were so frustrating. If it was classified why didnt thye say that and why ok behind closed doors?
Why should we believe #IntelligenceCommunity?
#Clapper lied to U. #Comey is #Corrupt.#Brennan lied. #Stratfor  #DennisMontgomery #DNCFraud
Ask abt the lawsuit #Whistleblower #DennisMontgomery re 47 HD >600M docs of evidence buried by #Comey regarding #spying #unmasking by #CIA?
Gotta keep that narrative alive and well don't ya Ronnie boy?! Take a nap! #TermLimits
Why are Rubio and Cotton having dinner with Trump on the eve of Comey's testimony? Conflict, HUGE Conflict!!!!
Oh good!  You were great today! #TrumpRussia
I'm disgusted. We, the People, need to clear out, clean up Senate and House of traitors, mafioso.
I will be watching
Grab a @HouseGOP member by the ear and bring em along. I want some answered as to why @realDonaldTrump gets to continue embarrassing Us.
RYAN/REPUBLICAN'S forgotten oath 
they took to uphold Democracy/Rule of Law
Placing agenda/Party before needs of our
Country!
SHAME ON YOU!!
I was hoping it would be to discuss jobs and infrastructure spending @cspanwj
