It is now incumbent on elected officials of both parties to stand up & do their duty: protect & defend the constitution.
Lol
What did Hillary Rodham Clinton  do? Sold 20% of our uranium to who? Russia reset? Come on!!!
How many times does this non sense need to be debunked? Hillary was part of a panel that approved the sale of a company that mines uranium
NOW, NOT ONLY DRAIN THE SWAMP BUT NECESSARY TO CLEAN OUT THE NUTHOUSE !
And the proof is?
I second that!!!
Love you Ron you make Oregon proud!
Revoke Kushner's security clearance NOW.
Really? Hillary still has security clearance
She is not part of our current administration.
Why she's still has security clearance?
Considering Don Jr tweeted evidence of collusion with Russia earlier today, perhaps that is the more relevant issue just for one day, no?
But, but, but Hillary!!! 
why aren't we doing anything about it?
You hear voices
MAGA Magnitsky Act Gone Agreement
"No longer a question" Senator Ron Wyden
Reality has been challenged so much in the past 6 months, I don't know if I could believe it's real.  It should never have come this far.
The reps are desperate if they compare trump with Christ. My God . What's happening really
We need to use the word "Conspire" rather than "Collude".
And the Republicans are using this opportunity to suppress the vote even further ... how can we reverse this damage?
If you ppl believe him your seriously mislead and delusional.
Listen Ron, I'm very disappointed in the way the Democrats are handling the Trump administration. You ppl are being ran over and played...
By the whole administration. They lie under oath and in your faces and you ppl are having a hard time trying to figure out the puzzle
Wow
Sure ..... but they didn't mean it
The question is. After today's comments from trumps lawyer, was He there?
Going to say he intended to go thus his "I'm not going" statement. Realized the SS would witness who was at the meeting.
And he talked with Manafort thru entire meeting on cellphone. Since I think Manafort flipped this is a good thing, maybe phone tap on cell
Any fucking time, any fucking day.
Thank you for your leadership on this issue, especially your tough questions at hearings.
Just like Clinton did with Ukraine and you say nothing.   You and all the rest of DEMS are hypocrites to the core. Not even a secret anymore

The long-dormant account of CyberBerkut, alleged to be linked 2 Kremlin, comes alive & begins tweeting about links between Clinton & Ukraine https://twitter.com/cyberberkut2/status/885076791945310213 …
Key word: "sought"
Opinion: "hostile" -They would say the same about us.

Keep it up. You are on the right track. We are behind you.
Time to act, clear out the WH.
No surprise
This topic is getting old
Wake up Ronnie, yer having a bad dream.. we'll get you a Hillary doll..
Crooked Hillary's campaign met with foreign govt. too?  Her husband was paid millions in speaking fees, worked on uranium deals, i can go on
I hope you do something about it. Soon.
DOJ LYNCH let Russian lawyer NATALIA VELNITSKYA into US W/O A VISA after She had been refused a VISA) team.OBAMA COLLUSION
proof. Collusion
now, let's do something about this before it occurs again. #Impeach45 #IllegitamatePOTUS
Gee, ya think?
Hostile? When did Russia last attack the US?
Seems the only question now is how many laws has Trump & crew broke. Collusion, obstruction, moneylaundering, lying/perjury, emoluments & on
how many times have you met with Russians ? Hillary and Obama ? Hillary sold uranium to Russians while sec of state, pay to play?
The optics here are bad. How can DOJ be investigated?:
You are clearly delusional.  Say goodbye to your Senate seat.
We're calling Jeff Sessions to dole out justice! Oh wait, he's one of them!
Not sure I'd go that far just yet but they've certainly proven themselves time and time again to be habitual liars!!
@HillaryClinton @DWStweets @donnabrazile @johnpodesta subverted 2016 elections and MADE UP Russia Big Lie to distract from their crimes
They did, and enthusiastically, I might add.
And so, where do we go from here.  We all know this is another iceberg
Wait on Mueller Wait on GOP /wait wait wait too bad Ryan,McConnel et all have no spine and love money and power #trumprussia #trumpLIES
Any chance for a real investigation that they actually take seriously? Any real chance for impeachment?
Is there an army coming together of fellow dems, independents & principled gop to get this russian mafia out of our white house???
So what is going to be done?
So, you are going to go what?
really, where is proof that would stand up in a court of law, waiting, waiting, yeah that's what I thought after eight months nothing
Really Wyden? You're saying that lawyer lied under oath? She said she has no ties to the Russian government.
What's next? I want action on this issue. No more . Lips moving means zero. Time to clean House. Let's go! #workingtogether
Sir, I demand you focus on legislation YOU were not sent to Washington to bash the other party. Do your job.
What did the President know and when did he know it?
It is still an unfounded allegation. So very much in question.
Hasn't been a question for a year
Wow weres ure proff. Thats right  u dont have any
: LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP!
And this one
Nothing good will happen with so many having this attitude
Find out to what extent Ryan and McConnell cooperated with the #TrumpRussiaCollusion; use it to control Turtleface when he pushes Trumpcare!
Succinctly says it all. Mic drop.
So why is an illegitimate President with an illegitimate administration still in office. Invalid election results. #NotMyPresident #iPotus
I forgot, who did 44 send to Israel to get rid of Benjamin Netanyahu as prime minister. Democrat double standard on display.
There's a major question about this being a DNC setup to manufacture dirt on the Trump campaign for later use. This Russian thing is a joke!
...the DNC would've released this info before the election then. It's not a joke. And the whole dossier? Jeb bush's team did that one
The dossier is not real and the people that put it together have said so. It was intended 2 show the kind of lies the media were capable of.
Now's the time Dems collude with Americans on single payer, prepaid college, breakup banks, public financing of campaigns, public housing!
Can't wait for the current administration to investigate the lot of you!
Ron Wyden is an irrelevant place holder.
Resist, Renounce, Replace, Revoke, Repeat as needed or directed by Democracy.

You are such an ingnorant, unthinking person, I can't believe you are in charge of any part of my life!

People ask about collusion, "When is the GOP gonna see this?"

Folks, it ain't about them seein'.  It's about them carin'.
Where were you when Hillary colluded?  You are such a fraud it makes me sick!!
Get the wheels rolling.
Answer is ,and always has been NO.Maybe work towards keeping your home state from slipping any further into a socialist tax hell wasteland
What are our reps republicans and democrats going to do about this ?
As an Oregonian, I'm more and more proud you represent me. Ron, from the bottom of my heart, thank you. You work hard. And you rock.
Now colluding with US enemies to win will become as common as taking corporate $ to win. No penalties for doing it, and you lose if you dont
And #45 was 500 feet away from Jr when Jr was meeting with the Kremlin's representative. Bragging about getting dirt on HRC soon!
That is a ridiculous and unfounded tweet.
why not look up the definition of collusion
PLEASE DO SOMETHING NOW! At least get Kushner out of the White House!!
THANK YOU!! I've been waiting for someone to say this!! NOW DO SOMETHING PLEASSSE!!
But,....What's So Sad.Is "They",..Trump & Co. In A An "Amateurish" Way To Cover Their"A."! Sacrificed "Sacred Cows":Comey, Democracy, Press!
Now, if the GOP members on your cmte would stop the diversion, & ask the hard questions. Our country is in critical danger. Grow up GOP. 
There is no doubt. So please get them out of our Whitehouse.
here's a question: when is Congress going to do something about it???
He is admitting it because there are recordings. He is attempting to make Trump followers accept treason is ok. It might work, help us fight
@POTUS #DonaldTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump
Take the log out of your own eye before talking about the splinter in someone else's
And you're worried about Trump?
The city is all over me for parking cars on my private property but not concerned about the homeless people all around my property.
With these email revelations it certainly looks that way... It defies credulity that DonTrumpJunior could be that naive.
Pay taxes go to work do the right thing and can't get any help. Be homeless and you can do whatever you want and get all the help you want.
Why don't you worry about your own city which is the most screwed up place I've ever seen it, and I've been all over the world.
Our government does this constantly, in essentially every country on the planet. If we see it in this light we should stop doing it too.
@Astartiel I know I'm not special but I knew this a year ago.
Certainly, hell's loose. Trumps highly [feared] respect for Putin. Don jr development! All over America there're Russians in Trump, GOP camp

It makes sense to hold a candidate responsible for the actions of his campaign staff, even supposing he didn't know.
So where were you when Benghazi cost American Lives @RonWyden???
Keep up the pretense.
And who's responsible for the activities of the campaign? The candidate! Guilty
When does the Impeachment start? How many of @GOP are complicit? This is crazy.
Right and this is a Fact that All Americans need to accept!
Just like DNC and Hillary campaign paying the UK AND UKRAINE for dirt on donald
the only ones we know for sure broke campaign laws was HRC the DNC & Donna Bazile.. when are you going to go after them with as much zeal..
To anyone that's been paying attention, there hasn't been much of a question for quite some time now.
You mean, now there is evidence.  There was hardly a question before.
Finally A President that's for the Americans, Not the Politicians, Your still sulking ,because finally a real man is in the White House
And what are elected officials doing about this. Republicans 0. How about Dems ??
Please. Quit!!  Let's make a mountain out of nothing. And yes. This will turn out to be nothing..  get back to work and work on things that
Matter.  Haralth care, taxes,
Fox News is also behind the Putin just watch Tucker Carlson debate Lieutenant Colonel on Putin and he unable to tell us why Russia's so good
More #fakenews
Errrr, IF Russian meddling was so effective, why did Hillary get over 3 million more votes than Trump?
Because she would've gotten way more votes and then would have won the electoral college Air for the presidency
BULLSHYT. you didn't read the reports on what happened with voters in PA and MI and OH
Will Senators use every power they have to stop the agenda of the party that was assisted willingly by a foreign power? Shut it all down.
When does impeachment begin?
So please do something about this, Senator Wyden. Do whatever is necessary to impeach trump.
Then, why, in Gods name are these people still allowed to function in our White House??!! GET THEM OUT NOW!!
Never was a question but, please, continue with your witch hunt.  I love watching your circus.
At the very least we are ridden of a passive whimp  of a president and an close evade of a crazy power hungry woman. I like Putin.
When you smoke pot you should limit your Twitter posts. You keep confusing what Hillary actually did. To what you wished Trump did.
And @realDonaldTrump recommend that he only heard about the meeting this week between his Son, son in law & campaign manager, is complete BS
5 million illegal Mexicans voted democrat in 2008. No big deal
What President  Colluded secretly in with the  Russian President in His own words?
MR. WYDEN IT`S TIME!!
Someone please tell me we're at the point in this nightmare where Barack Obama wakes up with Suzanne Pleshette.
It sure Isn't! So, who's going to start the #impeachment precedings? #TrumpRussia #TrumpJr #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrumpNow
Committed TREASON! Q is? How many of them?
Note to future collusionists - don't allow your dumbasfuck offspring to be on your team
#s rolling like slot machine
Do you have something besides the emails?  Otherwise, still plenty of questions for a rational man.
Absolutely no doubt! Beyond any reasonable doubt! Cannot wait for the trials! Time for the truth! Time for Justice! #TheResistance
tRump SAYS HE DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THAT JUNE 2016 MTG. YEAH.... WE KNEW YOU WERE GONNA SAY THAT "LIE". #TreasonousTrumps   
#HRCisPOTUS45
Who did Oregon vote for in the Dem primary? Who did you cast your superdel vote for?  Democracy indeed.
A bigger, growing question is this: Where did all the patriotic, ethical Republicans go? Have not heard from them in over 8 yrs
Is it just @EvanMcMullin now?
Whom did he vote for? Why did he not support the most qualified woman? Was party more important than country? I like him, but reserve trust
I don’t necessarily think a Republican not voting for Clinton is inexcusable. Party loyalty doesn’t die in a few months.
I like him, but so far he's only in it for himself, not for Dems who are fighting tor the country, and our lives.
Oh, there are Dems in it for thenselves. Not Pollyannaville ;-)
Then invoke #25AmendmentNow & start the process to get rid of #pussygrabber or get D's to start impeachment proceedings. #ITMFA
You don't really understand how the 25th amendment works huh?
#LockThemAllUp @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @jaredkushner @IvankaTrump @PaulManafort
Whacko lib Bullshit, transparent biased fool, average Americans laughing at you clowns
@GOP wanted the win so ditched the ethics. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump wanted the win, but not the job.
Trump is a traitor.
#DemocracyInChains #TrumpRussiaCollusion #KochFiends  this is oligarchy vs democracy, anti democratic billionaires vs US Constitution
And ... now what?
Now we wait. 
U have no idea what ur talking about. No collusion. Nothing given, no deceit, and nothing done. U will get ur chance at the ballot in 2020
Okay...so, taking that into account, what can the Dems do from the minority position?
I've been saying that it's Treason,but in a Country where crack has higher penalties than it's father cocaine I doubt anything will be done
You are nuts wyden time for you to go. Where going to vote you out. Put in some one that will tell the truth. Your not going too
Clean your own house.  The gov has been out of control for a long time.  Time for a cleansing.  Vote these people out!!!!  Starting with you
American democracy was subverted when the Hillary decided to cut deals with foreign nations.  There is a reason why there was damaging info
Hello yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Also no longer question that Kushner lied on his SF-86. His clearance should be revoked immediately. He knew. He's forwarded in the emails.
"Crown prosecutor", Chaika, Keyser Söze...whichevs. 
Lock them up please.....too much damage happening while we wait...Felony? http://solutions-institute.org/tools/citizens-arrest-laws-by-state/ …
Plain, obvious and admitted. Now can we enact the war powers act and limit the presidents power to get us into a war. PLEASE
1st
Ron YES your party must go TRUMP on this revelation.
Asked, answered.

Hillary Clinton did FAR WORSE with Ukraine and no one batted and eye.

http://bit.ly/2u5QuSW 
Could you get a couple of republicans to actually admit out loud?
So incredible. Going to the mat once more for a nothingburger story.
Sir: This mod. R from OR thinks we have come full circle on another imp. issue: #ReleaseYourTaxReturns Please keep fighting. People do care
Go Ron go

That's a powerful charge.
You are absolutely right! 

NO COLLUSION

BTW Hillary Clinton DOESNT 

translate>>American democracy. 

Hillary was all he tried to subvert.
True. Also tomorrow starts hearings on Christopher Wray for FBI director. Another with Russian ties. NO on Wray
Thank you, my dear Senator! Now get Kushner outta the WH!!
@RonWyden  We are #constitutionalrepublic not #democracy pelase resign since clear fail oath to protect cosntitutional republic.
Shut down!
You mean: Trump at best got more of the truth out so the people could make an educated decision.
Don't be stupid! Is there no pressing issues that you could tend to for us. I'm pretty sure the state you represent has a few major problems
#DonaldTrumpJr #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate

Any day you clowns want to focus on how the DNC and MSM colluded in the bogus primary would be great. Democracy already gone before general
I've been meaning to call you to discuss this, Senator.  Glad to see you are on it.   Can we start the impeachment process yet?
And there's this.
