Why did we let this happen to our country?
Sessions is a human dinosaur in his behavior and thought. He belongs in a retirement home.
It seems to me his agenda should be focused on more important things than taking away rights of US citizens.
I agree.
If a person lives here, he or she is equally protected under our Constitution. It must be that simple. Anyone trying to subvert is a traitor
Yo u wouldn't know the first thing about treason.  A recognizable gender is what is at hand and is a mental health issue. Nothing else!
What about the civil rights of Palestinians.
Hopefully, after we get Trump out of office, we can repeal and replace everything rotten thing he has done to remove the laws the protect us
You need to be replaced
As Wyden pander for votes...hmmm
DOJ has gotten extremely selective about whose rights they protect. What can we do?
So much winning!! MAGA!!!
I am so dismayed at what is happening in America. It just keeps getting worse; trump seems determined to ruin everything. I feel hopeless
I will fight till I can't, take heart and know the majority are not with Trump or Sessions
Umm, must be nice to be so sanctimonious.
Execuse me but I identify as an attack helicopter, and you can’t do anything about it
What?
I literally hate this man! #SessionsIsARacist How involved was he with #TrumpRussia? #LOCKHIMUP
Lol, you do realize that it's been proven the reporting on #trumprussia is baseless, right?
Should we start sitting in the back of the bus?
Until people get angry, get fed up, get NOISY, we as a people are bound to these idiotic rulings.
This man is evil.
What right don't they have? They have the same rights as the rest of us.
Think God would be happy with his decision... transgender = mental illness
If that’s the case Sessions must have orchestrated it. Brainless is his forte...
ALL Citizens should have protection against discrimination in the Land of the Free. Ain't that what we Believe? #hypocrisy #Sessions #LGBTQ
Should read All Citizens Have Protection, which in no way suggest our fantasies be adhered to.  You're born with it.
Just wait til he finds out frodo threw his ring in the fires of Mt.doom
Sessions would probably love to just get rid of the Civil Rights Act altogether. That would make his racist heart's day...
I continue to believe that is what they are working towards
This is terrifying. Why is is so difficult to be decent to each other?
Jeff, is such an ass-hole.
Transgenders have ruined every country they provide in it an evil debaucale to force government to concede to their whims and falsified.
Heartless, sure. But definitely not brainless. If you have a brain, you take heart out of politics
Is there no one in this country who can stand up to them? They are turning America totally around froml the good country I live in.
Falls in line with every other action this administration has taken to dismantle 70 years of progress in social issues.
GET over it! What's man is man and what women is wonem

What is wrong with the Repubs? They are so very mean. And sessions is as vile as his boss. Turning America into a travesty.
yes they have rights but america does not have to make any special arrangements or building ext.... for them do we. They chose their life
Since WWII this is the first Administration to take away the civil rights of American citizens. I agree with @Lin_Manuel #straighttoHell
not to worry, jeff is gay. and probably in a secret love affair with mike pence. they are so perfect for each other!!!
What is w/these ppl? They r so all up in2 everybody else's business they can't smell their own stench.
Stop these people & their horrific agenda.
Yes, this is terrible. I am appalled.
Support Prez, INDITE Clinton, Comey, Rice, Lynch, Holder, Clapper, Brennan, Obama. Pursue past Adm crimes w/Sp Council☻
LEFT pushes FREAK behavoir. Even forcing us to accept "he-shes" in little girls b-rooms. Now SpCouncil for last  ADM
How do we go backwards???they want 1953 pre Brown v Board of Ed attitudes. When do they come for the rest of us
Exactly. We r our brothers & sisters keepers. They r our families, friends & coworkers. Who do holier than thou hypocrites think they r?
