Marc Short on Graham-Cassidy bill: “Preexisting conditions are protected in this legislation.” #MTP
Stop being respectful, they are liars.  Time to call them out.  They don't deserve respect!
Lies, lies,  lies, ALL LIES!!!
Ron is our senator in Oregon he is the best
Got to be. Pre existing conditions are the lynchpin that made the rest necessary. They are what shows healthcare and profit are anathema.
Hey, @chucktodd just throws it out there like a  parrot. What's he supposed to do? Be a journalist? He's too scared of being called bias
Time to add @Marcshort45 to the list of LIARS that need to go.
Lies sure there protected but at what cost
Call it what it is. A lie intended 2 fool us into trusting people who only want 2 "earn" big donor $ with this repeal. Good job today.
#ShameOnCassidy #FirstDoNoHarm #RecallCassidyLouisiana Revoke his medical license -- and Price's too!!
keep obamacare forced 2 pay thousands for insurance company that doubled profits frm 6to15 billion now a bailout also?
Trump wants change
You should not be sad to tell the truth.
EXACTLY AND WHY IS CHUCK TODD - NODDING...
Chuck always hits Dems harder. His disrespect for PBO was intolerable. Like Andrea Mitchell with HRCs emails.
I guess Dems should take that as a compliment. They can handle the tough questions, unlike some who tries to pivot onto another issue.
But you will pay through the nose
A damn lie!  More spin from the corrupt GOP. Trading our nations HC for $400M of KOCH money. If they had a conscience, they'd die of shame.
Please ask Marc Short to read the passage saying so.
It's their "normal."
Of course it's a lie, he was speaking wasn't he...
Let them know that they forgot to put the word NOT in that sentence! Thanks for all you're doing for everyone!
Marc Short's lizard brain didn't read the GC bill He got his talking points from Trump, Father of all lizard brains @realDonaldTrump
Sad to tell the truth? To be more effective, eliminate qualifying words from your statements. Especially in matters as important as this.
Of course it's a lie.  GOP doesn't really want healthcare. They want to gut Medicaid to use the $ for tax cuts for rich people.
Why don't you ask one of them to show us the actual passage 
It's gotten to the point where some legislators don't care what's in the bill, they just want to pass it for the "emperor".
Thank you for not using euphemisms. Important to call out lies and liars.
Don't be sad .. repubs always lie
Never be sad or sorry to assert or defend the truth.
Even sadder: the biggest lesson The Right learned from Trump's election is that their lies no longer need even a veneer of plausibility.
This may be the biggest lie ever in US politics! Shame on those who perpetuate it! Lives r ar stake + they wld sacrifice them for donors!
Why do they lie soooo much? Don't they know that people can check facts?
If mcCon had done it right past few MONTHS, maybe would have something to offer.  But that too sensible I guess.  We want bi-part congress
Get mad, not sad!
The American Dream right there
You’re representing your constituents by telling the truth.
Hopefully you will vote accordingly
How could it...its not a Health Bill. It depletes the ACA ONLY
Of course they're lying.
Sorry that you have to point out the lie, Senator. Journalists from MTP shouldn't be tweeting a lie without calling it out.
Why are we NOT able to KNOW all about are health care? All the details not just what we're being told?
You're the liar sir.
Somebody has to say this. Republicans lie about this bill constantly. If Senators don't call them on it, people might believe the lies
Almost sounds like: "if you like your dr. ypu can keep your dr..." and a few other whoppers that got the failure thru congress.
The pre-existing condition is covered, but insurance co. can charge as much as they want to these people for coverage. Stretching the truth!
Ur sad 2 say it. I'm terrified 2 read it. The Grand Old Party is The Not so Grand old LIARS! #Medicaid #ACA #TheResistance #GOPrMurderers
Graham-Cassidy have no idea what is in the bill, they are espousing the ultra-rich agenda to rob from the poor and middle-class for the rich
Thanks for your leadership.
SAD?? How about ripped-shit pissed go and furious!?????
They are protected  FOR A PRICE. They'll write you a policy but the premiums will be so high average ppl won't be able to afford it.
CONS trying to CON US again. Bill gives the choice to cover pre-existing conditions at any price, not the requirement. Big difference.
If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor

If you like your plan you can keep your plan
We have to stop this. I am calling and writing.
New Obamacare Repeal Draft Is Out And It Attacks Pre-Existing Protections More Severely : bare bones coverage
Why is it that congressional democrats don't call out what's really happening? the Koch Bro's and Doug Deason want us dead for profits?
ACESS DOES NOT EQUAL CARE!!

I have ACCESS to a Lexus dealer. 
Doesn't mean I have any money to BUY IT!!!
And i know Chuck Todd allowed that lie to stand because he said it was not his job to call out GOP lies.
Didn't watch.. But assuming that @chucktodd just allowed this LIE to acquire credibility by NOT challenging him..
Never feel sadness for stating facts. We need much more of that in american politics.
Should say "falsely claims."
Senator, GOP(Gov't of Putin) party w/treasonous connivance of Koch brothers, Mercer, Murdoch put USA into deep hell. #TheResistance #resist
@MCShort45  Hey Marc do you smell something? Is it bull or could it be ?
Mark Short: #JustAnotherLiarForHire
Why are they saying this over & over when we know its not true? Insanity doing same thing expecting different results. @GOP are liars. 
Of course it's a lie. Almost every word @GOP members say about #healthcare since 2009 has been a lie! #SaveACA #KilltheBill
Just finished reading #GrahamCassidyDeathBill 102-Swiss cheese has fewer (loop)holes, puts total blame on States as @GOP rinses blood off.
These Repub defenders of Trump lie and lie and lie some more.  A few people still believe them.
Does that include sociopathy and criminal insanity?
Say you were covered for your 1 minor pre-existing condition. Guess what other benefits would be covered?
Thank you Senator Wyden for speaking the truth.  Proud to be an Oregonian.
Never be sad about saying something is a lie. However - do be sad our country isn't responding to Puerto Rico!
You have offered nothing substantive for us to determine if you are the one lying, or not!
Here's a fairly recent analysis. Paragraph 10 addresses pre-existing.
Thank you @RonWyden
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters. - Albert Einstein
The ACA is based on a number of lies. As with many others in Congress, power is your only core value & deception is your game.
This is how the #GrahamCassidy Will Hurt Women, Alone:
Do you know the source for this? I've seen it but wasn't sure who verified it?
I'm trying to find it, actually. Looked briefly this AM. I'll look back through my tweets and see what I can dig up on my feed.
Thanks! Appreciate it.
I usually source things; I got caught up in the Hullabaloo of this weekend. It's no excuse, DAMN IT!
It most certainly is.  Thanks for continuing to expose the #GrahamCassidyDeathBill and @SenateGOP
It is a huge lie, and I'm not sad to say it. IT'S A BIG, HUGE LIE!!!
Even Chris Wallace of Fox News called him out on this lie!
Don't be sad. Remain bold. Call it what it is. Please.

It may offer it but at a cost that would be more than you income, so yes a LIE! #NoGrahamCassidy Also important is  #HelpPuertoRico

@MeetThePress Pre Existing Conditions legal jargon for Legalized Genocide for profits. Janet 1950-1986
Why wasn’t he challenged? I watched that segment. When these admin guys aren’t called on their lies, the viewers think it’s the truth.
So Glad To Have You As My Senior Senator
#Crooked Donald
For Whom? The Rich?
We know they're lying.What do they thinks going 2 happen when their voters find out they don't have or can't afford 2 have coverage anymore?
DONOR MONEY!!That's the bottom line on this clusterfu*k. Screw the people.
stopy with lyes wyden it was you and anti american democrat party that hurt american people and now refuse help republican do damge.
How do the @gop get away with lying to us from a public platform at every chance they get.
It should be illegal to falsify govt legislation!
Who's gonn make and enforce that law?
why be sad? be outraged! #Healthcare
EVERYTHING Republicans say is a lie!
go oregon representation!!! xoxo
Yes. It is a lie, and they know it. Millions would lose access to good healthcare. They are worried about keeping their donors happy not us.
Yes I knew it @JoeNBC @maddow @washingtonpost @Lawrence
We expect nothing less from the Republican Party...after all they gave us tRump.
I wonder if Putin rigged the Republican primaries? I just wonder.
Thank you, @RonWyden!
Ok great job, now support single payer
So, lying about healthcare legislation is apparently now a bipartisan phenomenon.
You have a point however I think for far more Americans this lie is especially murderous.
A murderous lie.
you lied to us regarding ACA! pot calling kettle black. SHOW US YOUR TAX RETURNS
Meghan trainor says it best. "I know you lie 'Cause your lips are moving" He has taken us to hell in 9 months. U get what u voted for. A Pig
Is that all you can say? As one of your constituents, I expect more.
If you have cancer and can afford $150,000.00 in surchgs you can be covered.  Who can do that?
No 1 .That's what they are counting on. They want to abolish Medicaid and Medicare is next. They are not for us unless rich, white and male.
Separate by class Rich and poor is their final destination
Yeah they are protected if you're a damn millionaire and can afford the cost
Thank you for calling it what it is!  It’s a LIE @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC are LYING to Americans and will ruin their lives
Why is it sad? Just say it and own it. You're doing good for America by calling out this man's broken persona.
Don't be sad; be woke.
Thank you Senator. It is the world now where they will straight up lie to our face. So disheartening. #savetheaca #protectamericans
@MeetThePress Hate to say it but @LindseyGrahamSC has been shown to be a liar.
This reluctance to call out lies has contributed greatly to ALL present day problems.
Finally, someone calling a lie a lie.  Not an untruth, or incorrect, or misrepresentation. An intentional lie.  Thank you.
He has not honor.
No need to be sad about demonstrating your reading comprehension and critical thinking skills, Senator
Listen up .@lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins - this bill must NOT prevail. #travesty
Agreed!

If the text of #GrahamCassidy doesn't expressly forbid denial of coverage based on preexisting conditions, then it allows it.
Of course it is sad - it is also so sad except for a few most of the @SenateGOP are liars!  This is them!
"If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. If you like your plan, you can keep your plan." Now that was a lie Senator!
Sad? You should be mad as a hornet that people would lie about a life & death matter like this.
Marc Short = Koch Bros
They Lie, Gerrymander Districts, Lie!
Voter supress and lie.
Lying Ron Wydhole strikes again
Please fix this.  I would like to cancel my insurance until I get a condition. No need spending my $ if I can spend yours.
A lie is a lie.
R u listening skeeter?
Why sad? A lie is a lie - and lying liars lie.
Not according to the Brookings Institute.
I mean Marc Short is the liar.
Graham-Cassidy protects pre-existing conditions. Just like a protection racket. “Nice diabetes you got there...”
And you all never lied or bought into Obama’s lies about O’care?
Keep shouting the truth!
I wish more politicians would use the word ‘lie’ to describe GOP and Trump rhetoric.
Needs saying.
A big whopper of a lie!
Just because it's 'optional' for a state does not mean it's 'in there!'
Maybe it was Martin Short. It sounds like his lying shady lawyer character, Nathan Thurm, that he used to do.
Thank you for telling the truth!
Thank you for telling it like it is! .@repgregwalden, refreshing to have my two Oregon senators telling the truth. Why don't you join in?
Practically Everything out of mouths of #GOP is a lie
The only way pre-ex will be protected is to keep the ACA's Community Rating. Anything less than this is guaranteed to cause massive misery.
That's exactly what I said when I was yelling at the TV
Mr. Wyden, please introduce some sort of legislature that will punish senators & congress for flat out lying. There's no repercussions. Why?
That should've said "senators & all of congress," but too few of characters.
The states can screw anyone with pre-existing conditions if this bill were to pass. @SenSusanCollins  where are you!
Thank you for standing up for those of us with pre-existing conditions! That's the Oregon way, and we're proud to have you as our Senator.
Thank you for bluntly calling this what it is - a lie.
Thank you for not mixing words and being direct.
nope, if you have any doubt actually READ it. pre-exist will be priced out. still doubt? ask some1 who got ill b4 2004.
Who is Marc Short and why is he allowed to go lie on TV?
There is absolutely no guarantee.
Call the lies out!!! That's what we need!!
Not a sad thing to call out lies on something so critical as health care. Honestly we need more.
Truly disturbing that everything coming out of today's GOP has to be fact checked and almost all of it is a lie, misleading or duplicitous.
@MeetThePress Hey after the ACA fails pre-existing conditions won't be covered either as there will be no insurance.
ACA is not failing everywhere, however Marco Rubio started messing w/ risk corridor payments starting in 2015. It's sick like this is a game
Please keep saying this.
Wyden doesn't like the pre-existing conditions protections. Fine. But claiming the bill doesn't contain them is a lie. Wydens the liar here
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/new-version-graham-cassidy-health-bill-adds-sweeteners-alaska-n804391 …
This is really recent. Please read paragraph 10.
Exactly. Thank you for documenting that Ron Wyden is a liar. Don't think the protections go far enough? Fine. But it's there.
Ron also needs to explain why it's okay to overcharge young people to pay for old people who have had 40 years to prepare for being old.
He can explain to all of us why we can't charge the overweight glutton more to cover their self-inflicted diabetes etc.
Adults should pay their own bills when they can. Medicaid can cover the hard cases, but ridiculous that now Medicaid pays for 50% of births.
why? why "sad" about it?
ffs, start being real...
You are lying, several GOP shills have lied about this bill on TV. Read the bill, not just the talking points!
Thank-you for speaking out and saying it.  Those misleading everyone must be challenged, corrected and held accountable.
Thank you for protecting health care.
Preexisting Conditions start in the womb. It's called Heredity!
Thx for stepping up and speaking out Ron.
If Wyden were really concerned about providing for Americans, he'd stop protecting the illegal aliens who cost us $100 billion per year.
What's even sadder is that YOU are the liar... But you are a crappy senator so its expected.
Check out paragraph 10. I don't think he's lying.
The lies are why the Republicans can't get anything passed . Between them and Trump every other word is a lie .  It's mind boggling.
Use the air time you're getting and call him out!!  Keep on trucking Ron!!!!
He lied through his teeth #ProtectOurCare

Keep saying it! Please!
Why are they saying it then? I don't understand
Liar, liar pants on fire .
Call it as you see it Ron. We trust your judgment. Stop #GrahamCassidyDeathBill .
Lying in this group is epidemic.
A big, fat lie.
Way to call them out Senator!
A TERRIBLE LIE THEY HAVE NO HEARTS
So what your saying if we go back to a federalism system of healthcare you won't fight for our pre-existing condition but only collect money
Thank you, it is a lie.
TRUTH telling is never sad. What is sad is that the leader of the USA is willing to have LIARS make health care decisions just to PLEASE HIM
I think it's more to please the Koch brothers frankly.
They are not protected. Pull this bill.
The rich are protected!
Don't be sad. Liars are going to lie and they need to be called out!
Thank you for fighting for us Senator.
Source?
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/new-version-graham-cassidy-health-bill-adds-sweeteners-alaska-n804391 …
✓ paragraph 10.
Shocking, politicians lying?
THIS is not just lying it's getting Americans killed! 4 fuxakes!
What they mean is "oh, you can still buy coverage if you have a preexisting condition--but you'll have to pay way more than you can afford."
The only way the Republican Right can make their twisted agenda happen is to lie. If they told the whole truth they wouldn't get elected.
Thanks for ur support What to do about Sen. Collins & Murkowski? Pls press for their support against TCare & for OCare. Again, thanks.
Seems to be that most of the GOP platform starting with Trumpi is lying!!
Don't apologize for the liars. Keep calling them out-loudly please.
Nothing to be sad about. A liar is not worth your pity.
Hey Ron-Can we use Trump's dangerous threats about totally destroying N Korea and other statements as proof that he is mentally unsafe?
Thank you Senator. Wish @SenToomey had your integrity.
