I'm sure you wanted an investigation into the Clinton foundation too, right?
Why would anyone want to investigate a 4 star rated charity. Do people willing to help others scare you that much?
Rather than insult everyone's intelligence with your ignorance, look up their ratings. Then you can come back and apologize to us all
Look up the ratings?  Sorry, but the released emails from wiki raises very good questions.  Don't trust HRC or most established politicians
So basically, you know that you are wrong and prefer remaining willfully ignorant than apologize
Look, I see that you completely trust the gov,  but don't the leaked emails raise any questions?
I see you are gullible enough to believe anything run through Russia first son. What a gullible laughingstock
Thank you @RonWyden for everything you are doing to Keep America safe!  You have my support! #Trumprussia
So you would like to further poison relations with a major Nuclear Power for partisan political reasons. Yeah you're a real hero.
Hi putin bot
Good one. Does Soros pay you by the tweet that or is this an automatic twitter reply using algorithms to detect anti-Syrian war sentiment?
Ah yes, the predictable antisemitism from a feeble minded idiot.
Really think that is a good use of your time? A productive idea would be working on the skyrocketing price of Obama care in Oregon.
We need #TermLimits
What do you hope to accomplish by insulting everyone's intelligence with your blatant BS
You shouldn't use big words you don't understand kid
Go get them all @RonWyden #pitbullWyden Wyden for president 2020. Tough, honest statesman
Read 1 Corinthians 6:9-12..Luke 13..Revelation 22:15.
#wyden4prez
Good, then we can finally jail the Clintons.
Impotent deflection does not work for trump, what makes you think it would work for one of his ignorant lackies like you?
http://www.truth-out.org/opinion/item/29934-wyden-shows-connection-between-rigged-trade-and-rigged-government …
How about backing Term Limits
Thank you, Sen. Wyden!  It's going to be a looong summer!

No wonder Oregon is in a mess.
Follow the money given to the Clinton foundation
Of course, that then answers why foreign nations contributed while she was Sec of State.  No problem there right
Why are you bringing up Clinton? That's public info, everything is transparent.
Thank you, Sen. Wyden, for your integrity and hard work.  So grateful for adherence to ethical, humanitarian, and ecological values.
Embarrassing to be an Oregonian. Thanks ron
where's the intern with a blue dress who take one for the team this time.. ugh...it's America n it's just great
#inners I'm a huge soccer fan but I don't let countries like Russia control our country
#inners President Trump had the Mrs. Universe & The Apprentice show on @nbc now the FIFA #WorldCup
#inners he has control of our country via President Trump
#inners Putin thinks that just because the FIFA #WorldCup is going to take place in his country & @NBCSports has the rights to air it
#inners this is an investigation the FBI already started years ago & is relevant now more than ever
Good Job! The money is a good way to track what Trump's involvement is with Russia.
I am so thankful @RonWyden is my senator from Oregon. Doing the right things--a patriot !
Thanks for wasting time on a witch hunt instead of doing anything for your State.
I'm so proud of you, Senator.
Don't let him leave the country Friday.  Either that or freeze his assets and keep him from coming back.
Thank you, Senator. We're behind you! 
Can't wait for you all to start trashing mueller when he says there isn't anything to your conspiracy theory. @SenateDems hypocrites
Thanks Senator!!!
Proud you are my senator. We are depending on you.
Thank you Senator @RonWyden
@Montgomery_bjm @allinwithchris so we will get the tax returns?
I'm so proud of you, Senator.  Intelligent, tenacious, focused.  Proud knowing you represent our state, Oregon, and country with such honor.
Thank You Senator Wyden im proud " finally" to call you my ( representative)..
Thank you
Sure glad you want to stay with the globalist agenda to ruin the world and make us all slaves
what are you even talking about go get help. Free your brain. @RonWyden @allinwithchris
Thank you Ron Wyden! Keep up all your great work! I support you!!
Shall we follow your money too Ron? How about all of the senators monies?
Do your job for our state! There's an investigation and you aren't the one selected to do it! Pay attention to your state or get replaced!
Thank you @RonWyden Ron, proud of you.
Meanwhile oregon wasting millions and setting the tax payers up for millions in liability. To busy resisting
Ron- still chasing Russian unicorns and rainbows. Do something for our state of Oregon!! We are in desperate need!! Our freeways have holes!
I voted for you, @RonWyden and I'm certainly glad I did! Keep at it!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you
DEM-ASS AFTER DEM-ASS!......YOU TALK ABOUT FOLLOWING THE MONEY YOU AND THE REST OF THE LIB'S SHOULD TALK...LIE AFTER LIE!! YOUR ALL SICK!
Go Ron go!!! Thank you!!!  @RonWyden @allinwithchris
Kindly appreciated,  follow the money. #inners 
Deeply concerned citizen  
Good work Ron, stay on him the snake!
In Oregon we are so lucky to have Sen.s Wyden and Merkley....and legal weed.
@RonWyden stop trying to be relevant on popular issues of your base. Fix real & difficult problems for #Oregonians. #Oregon
Follow the money and the dead Russians
Thank you, Senator! You make us proud.
Thank you, Senator!  You make us Oregonians proud!
I wish he were ours. We're stuck with McConnell and Rand Paul.
Oh, dear - they're...challenging. I admit when everyone's calling their congressmen to complain I just call to thank mine. They're all great
Thank you Senator for your integrity and dedication.
@lafloran @allinwithchris thank you!!
thank you
Thank you. I hope you hear those words a million time over. This happened because so many people kept at it. We're with you.
Thank you, Ron!
Ok you do you but I will follow the @FBI
Cool Lester Smooth approves!  #WednesdayWisdom
Not sure who looks weirder and grosser.. chick on the left or the guy on the right
Just like the good old days.
Thank you!
Thank you, sir. Indeed--follow the money!

Oh, and the tweets.

