We don't know what exactly is in GOP health bill yet. But we know it will be bad.
#Medicaid slashed. #Medicare solvency undermined. Pre-existing protections gone. All to present a massive tax gift to the wealthy.
It is GO time. Time to get LOUD before they jam this through.
Health care bills are to be passed so that we can find out what's in them.
Not funny.  Dems, in 2009, had MONTHS of bipartisan committee meetings & debate re: #ACA -- & Repubs showed their hand by NOT ONE YEA VOTE.
So, you are disputing that Nancy Pelosi made the statement above?
That wasn't a statement.  It's a cherry-picked sentence OUT OF HER STATEMENT.
How does "...away from the fog of controversy" change the meaning?
Have you EVER bothered to read background on either the progress of passage of the #ACA, or Pelosi's statement?
Sorry Karen, still can't agree. You don't pass a bill to "rebut the negative assumptions..." You pass it AFTER you have rebutted assumptions
It didn't make an iota of difference to the wingnuts to have their pet assumptions debunked by neutral parties; the rhetoric just increased.
Please do everything in your power to grind Senate business to a halt until these cowards show this travesty to the American people.
Senate Republicans need to release the text of the bill and have open debate.
Thank God!
Sounds like something out of the @TheDemocrats playbook, Christmas Eve, no @GOP votes.
This is bull shit!
Taste of your own medicine I guess.
fight with everything you've got Senator
No it's not ok? Anyone remember Dems doing th "gotta pass it to see what's in it"? No ok for either side, 1st offenders have no credibility
Right? Could do a Pelosi ....pass it and then you can read it.  Obamacare is awful anything will be an improvement. #MAGA
This is not a partisan issue and we all want a great healthcare that's affordable and the benefit for all! Bad repubs, we won't forget 2018!
I can't wait to sue my employer under ADA for everything not covered. Wait. I AM the employer. Shit.
Let's resist, persist, and survive this president in one piece.  Go for it Ron
And you have not take one action to be helpful.  Someone needs to represent Oregon in DC. @gop
Please slow down everything in Senate until they show the bill. Shut it down if they pass without a hearing. This is NOT our republic!
My neighbors long term care policy increased $3,000 today.
@ronwyden and where were you when you passed out Obamacare? @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
And this is why a new distraction every day.
So they can continue to screw us over.
You have got to get them to cough it up.
Do everything in in your power to stop it from passing.  Please.
Pray! Doesn't look good.
is that even legal behind closed doors
Kinda like O'Bama's bullshit with AHA getting signed at 2 a m.?
Keep up the good fight, Rep. Wyden!  Oregon thanks you.  ACA is not perfect, but far better than what the GOP are trying to replace it with.
Shame on them! Awful behavior from the leadership. Fight!
NONONO To trumpcare.
Anything will be better than the BS healthcare the democrats have pushed on America! All the insurers know it's failing and are pulling out?
I see your heros turned off their phones so the can ignore constituents
You mean George Sorros backed planted activists with partisan agendas instead of local constituents with legitimate concerns? #politicised
Love Ron Wyden. He works for his constituents
@mktsutherland Call every single #GOP member. Tell them Americans will not stand for this hateful treatment of citizens! #Resist
They learned from you
@mktsutherland NOT A HEALTH BILL. It's just the first of 2 large tax cuts for very wealthy people! There is no care attached to it
Good
you all must watch your backs 24X7 with this gang demons, some of which take on many forms and faces.
I told him that this weekend.  These are the most deceptive, evil snakes in the grass.  There is nothing good to come from any of them.  And
or that.  They wanted a covert, clandestine bill...one that could not be opposed by anyone until after it was signed by the almighty.
Help i need a safe space. Please ronnie help me.
Makes me so angry how much they hate the people they serve.
So a repeat of "I voted on it but didn't bother reading the detail to understand it" all the more likely. Shameful
How can those of us with Dem Senators help?
Senator, please keep fighting for us! Please demand hearings on this atrocity if a bill which will kill millions.
Tar & feather.. Trump 1st
Sonofabitch
Government won't do anything. Their motivation is wealth for themselves and their continued positions. "The People"...are an afterthought.

Dont be silly. #ACA was forced too. Was it not #NancyPelosi who said we have to pass it so we can find out whats in it? #dnc #Hypocrisy
Keep reminding people!!!!!
What can be done so that we can all see it. Truly.
Ick. I love how the GOP dubs the ACA "Obamacare" when they had input, but this one is done is secret... shameful. Definitely "GOPcare" eh?
Not even the democrats knew what was in the bill until it was passed (Nancy Pelosi quoted) Get real dude, its dead+all insurers pulling out
What can Oregonians do to help?
Please don't let them get away with it
Thank you Ron
The GOP plan keeps 90%+ of the 0care subsidies. Stop the charade, all of you in DC.
Cowards! This is America we have a TWO party government that is supposed to represent ALL Americans not just one party's agenda!
Help us Senator. We count on you. Thank you 
I called my two republican senators this morning.  Their staffers claim they haven't heard debate will be limited...
Debate... What debate. This is M McConnells dirty tricks
You and EVERY Democrat must be very loud and vocal in the media to expose this and STOP them. @SenateDems @SenSchumer @SenWarren @SenSanders
America has been vocal. GOP is throwing us under the bus
I get that! I refuse to believe there isn't something we can do to put a stop to it. #PowerInNumbers
Don't be surprised if they try push it thru tomorrow @SenateDems 
Suspicious that @jeffsessions chose a public hearing to peddle more lies
So your an expert on lying?
Don't let them get away with it!  #ResistGOPCare #KilltheBill
#Secret !? That's flat out #BullShit # Dems refuse to fix the healthcare that they #FUBAR 'ed !
Please please do EVERYTHING you can to DEFEAT this bill!!  America needs your help, OREGON needs your help.
https://twitter.com/HybridVigorUS/status/873984547339292672 …
Guess ya gotta pass it to know what's in it.
It's the Dem way !
This is an outrage! Thank you for your conscientious work on our behalf!
Twitter needs an angry face. Do what u can to derail this thing.
He's the King Obstructionist! No answers so he'll just OBSTRUCT! Disgusting!
And? What can you do to make it public? What can we do?
To the phones!
#GOPcoordination #Reckless #transparencyNOW ! 
