Who benefits from the GOP’s giveaway? Big coal.  

Who gets hurt? Your wallet. 

A winning equation only for Big Coal & GOP fundraisers.
The whole administration is incompetent and only doing things for the wealthy
presidents don't divide the country, they bring us together
Trump is there for the 1% ONLY. So trump supporters, which are you, wealthy or stupid?
Shouldn’t the “free market” decide this?
Anything to do with any kind of freedom is not what the GOP wants.
Question is, WHO in the administration or close to the center of power, have interest in, or ownership of coal plants, or mines? Names, plz?
The GOP swamp is,full of them. Rex Tillerson; Mr. ExxonMobil, etc. etc. etc.
NO corporate welfare!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No substance. Just stupid comments, that's liberalism!
Why is our government in DC so against the middle class & low income Americans? We struggle enough as it is. They are not helping us.
What is happening?
Wonder if donny boy realizes all of the crap he is doing will be undone as soon as the door hits him in the behind.
His legacy is one of shame, corruption, and ineptitude. Sad!
How about doing away with subsidizes for Wind/Solar/Electric Vehicles talk about a corporate give away. Obama $1T to renewable farce.
Go find a pile of coal to live under
If you like solar&wind so much live in Germany. I hear they are almost 100% dependant on it. They also have power shortages & very high cost
So now not only healthcare is being screwed, but our energy costs will go up. GOP must owe Big Coal for political contributions
This administration is just a windfall for the one percent. So trump supporters, which are you, wealthy or stupid?
Trump admin is killing this country while we focus on how his dumb ass tweets about nothing.  Ooh, shiny object!  Media, wake up and focus!
The distraction of the daily shit-show.
let's not forget defunding R&D into clean energy-not only disgusting but will leave the US behind in a huge upcoming market-all for oil.
Yes, the kind of thing they're getting away with, while we're distracted by the daily shit-show.
Well we all know Ricks not that bright but he fits in with Trump
Hey, trump's boys don't need to be smart, just corrupt. 
Release the trust funds fraudulently held in our names by the federal reserve and end poverty today !!!
YES! Glad you went THERE! 
This GOP will forever be known as the Party that sold out the country for a tax cut! #CriminalsintheWH!
The level of corruption in this administration is STUNNING!
Ron Wyden is a liar
Speaking about morons. OMG, look at who is sucking trump after trump made a fool out of him

Bad policy, terrible economics.
Rare Texan emulating Red China
Rick Perry is himself bonkers.
Why am I not shocked. TX has enough (uh, unattractive?) land to put enough wind turbines to power the state+, but they won’t #corporategreed
Like the auto industry by Obama? We know how well that went. Did you support that one?
If this is making America great again, I'm really thinking I liked it better when it was shit. Thank you
Why do you think WVa gov switched to GOP?  He's a mine owner. The war was not on the miners or coal but the mine owners. Sadly Trump gave in
?  What about wind?   We are totally subsidizing wind and it's not efficient yet.   Please stop using divisive rhetoric. Please!
Credo: "Kakistocracy .  first used in the 17th century; Greek Derivation, . .  government by the worst and most unscrupulous people among us
I truly believe that Trump's plan is to eradicate the middle class and kill lower-income families totally just saying
Its insane.  Nothing else. Just insane.
Whatever.  Tell me why my power bill increased with all theses wonderful wind mills in Oregon now.  You fraud
How will we ever fix this mess.
Of course it is.  Perry has no idea what he is doing.
No market or desire or need for either. These guys are living in the past. Time to say buh-bye.
both incredibly dirty-- just ask WA  abt Hanford
Thanks for the work...i disagree w the policy of mandating coal power plants...i agree in supporting nuclear which is the most efficient power generations
get Trump out of office now please/thanks
#dosomething
CROOKS
Wait, isn't solar and wind power subsidized?
OMG, make it stop. 
I totally agree that the free market is the best driver. Sadly most people don't understand how it works. Mainly politicians.
Why should we all suffer for those who don't want to go back + continue their education in order to keep up w/progress. Alternative energy
Ughhh. Can we move forward and backwards?!?!?!? #solarpower #wind #alternative #energy
mighty swampy economics
You've been in office for decades. You're corporate giveaways have failed and raised utility rates. #GoAway
Rick Perry thought he would be in charge of oil and provide leases! Dumb ass at Energy didnt know that its Interiors job to grant oil leases
You've been in office for decades. All you've done is raise taxes, national debt and your wealth. How's a govt employee worth $38 million?
Apparently the glasses aren't helping Mr. Perry much.
More families were hurt already than what you are telling everyone. But when you are an Elitist you put yourself in a different light.
I will call you out on this.
The same way you are sucking our air away from us. It was a badly thought out plan, but that is normal.
But it is ok to subsidize solar companies like Solendra who still failed.
Groovy
Obama green energy loans have left taxpayers in 2.2 billion hole through defaults.  Is it worse than that?
More Democrat lies. Fake news.
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2011/08/rick-perrys-10-worst-crony-capitalists-0/ … Easy to look up how your Senator voted for Perry's confirmation. Let them know how you feel and VOTE 2018!
https://www.yahoo.com/news/rick-perry-hilariously-misunderstands-supply-192058820.html?.tsrc=fauxdal … I pleaded with my Senator Rubio to vote NO on confirming this unqualified bag of wind. I will not vote for him 2022.
This is the 3rd thing today that has replaced the dumbest thing I have heard today.
Ain't that just great.
bonkers for sure Utilities rates are high enough, I will invest in Elon Musk's roof.
Subsidizing coal may be the dumbest political idea ever next to Caligula appointing his horse to the Roman Senate.
Now if Trump wants to match IQ levels....
Another reason to sarcastically thank the gullible minions who voted for Donny.
Oh and create cheaper engery prices for ya peons
Nice
"Rick Perry...is bonkers". Easy.
Subsidizing solar panels was bonkers, but that didn't stop you people.
Largest US Solar Panel Maker Files For Bankruptcy After Receiving $206 Million In Subsidies http://trib.al/50Vl1E7  
@RickPerry420 is the original #fuckingmoron #idiot together with #MoronTrump  stupidity like never before.
Truly a Thicket of Morons...! 
Wtf? Seriously?
TWO MORONS IN A POD
TRUMP &PERRY
WOW!!!
Hey Ron, your tax on your 6 figure income gets cut in half & your utility bill goes up $20 a month. Good deal heh Ronnie.
Koch Whores will love this government giveaway! Coal, oil & gas snowflakes too lazy to diversify. In bed with Putin to wreck planet earth.
And BTW, Texans whisper Perry is kompromatable.
This is what morons do?
while at the same time Pruitt is saying to do away with wind tax credits...  
Subsidize Facebook if they being their political ad department back to U.S.
How about a Federal Budget to limit spending. Since all you did was raise the debt ceiling under Obama. 
#DoYourJob
#RecallRonWyden
so glad he  ..... drained the swamp .......................................................................
