Stay strong, Senator!!! 
Good Lord...we won't take YOU anymore!  Pack your bags fool!!
Thanks for keeping up the fight! We stand with you!
I'm sure your health plan is great. Obamacare has completely failed the American people and it saddens me to see any of you obstruct a fix.
Steamrolling? You're talking about Pelosi right?
What are Schumer's marching orders?
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thanks for continuing to speak against .@SenateGOP #wealthcare bill. We the people hate it & want #CareNotChaos  #OFaction
Thank you!  Keep up the good work.
Don't let them take away our health care!  It's morally wrong, what the GOP is trying to do.
Thank you, Senator Wyden!
What is your plan for the failing ObamaCare? Wait until it totally collapses & those folks don't have any insurance?
Thank you, Sir. #ProtectOurCare #PreexistingConditions #TaxCutForWealthy This from mod.R
GOP? You DEMS steamrolled that bill over the American people
Keep up the good fight!  Our country really does appreciate your efforts!
Go Ron "Billy Jack" Wyden on them!
I'm so proud of you. Thank you!
Instead of Liberal talking points, how about some truth?
"Steamroll' just like demos did with Obama Care.
Go Ron!  You got our backs.
Thank you for protecting our health care!!
Thank you!  So glad to call you my Senator!
GO SENATOR WYDEN!!
It would be nice if you represented ALL Oregonians. Please step aside and allow work to be done.
Thank you, Senator Wyden.
Don't ever forget the lengths and depths of depraved actions McConnell and the GOP are willing and eager to take in the quest for power
We voted for full repeal
Go get them!
Thank you sen Wyden from pdx
Keep the faith!  Proud of you!
Support you . @gop are massive hypocrites, cheaters, and liars. Propping up this administration to push through their horrendous agenda...
Go, Ron!
LOL - We'll you'd better take something, as you're staying there till you do! Portland hates you. I know. 

Have a nice vacation!
Thanks! Keep up the pressure!!
Thank you!
You have no choice.  Lol
go stop them!!
Please continue to protect the American people. Thank you, Senator!
Go Wyden go, give them hell!
Get'em Ron! You and Kamala are 2 of the strongest voices of the Democratic Party! Please keep up the good work. Thank you for all you do.
Let Obamacare die.
thank you!!!
Go get 'em Ron!
Keep fighting! #Wealthcare
it's not a health care bill.its TaxCut 4 the wealthy&screw the rest.republicans selling Americans health 4 profit.all this is abt
their distractions are NOT working!
GOP trying to change subject from Russia.
Keep fighting for us! cc @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell
Well, sure, we expect you to obstruct everything.  It's all you have.
Thank you. Maybe remind them we have some mighty big fish to fry, bigger than health care or tax cuts. A bigly shoal of fish, growing daily.
If they sneak it on you, I am a big fan of thousands of amendments. Keep them busy for months if possible.
Sit down.
Thank you Senator Wyden!
Please don't take it !  My Rep @RepJimBanks was convinced by trump long ago... Rep Banks is not representing me.
Thank you Senator Ron Wyden!
Keep fighting!
The #ACA is not in so much trouble it can't be fixed ... if only GOP would stop trying to kill it w/ The Death of a 1,000 Cuts.
Hold the floor!
Why don't you give up your coverage and your family coverage and give it to a deserving family?
Go Sen Wyden, go!!! Just called my senators!
Go get 'em! And thanks for all your efforts.
Health care is the least of our worries - democracy is dying and GOP doesn't give a hoot.
Resist their bill
if you really wanted to help you wouldnt be shilling for the crappy ACA, you would be pushing for #SinglePayer
Thank you they should be more concerned about this treason, but they aren't which means they must be involved in this treason to some degree
Go get um Ron!
Remember days like today Senator. When the pendulum swings the other way, hold them all accountable, voters will.
GOP trying to push through unacceptable bill while Americans are focused on Don Jr crisis . Typical of GOP subterfuge
Thank you! Give 'em hell!
Thank you!!!!
Please withhold consent on all Senate business. #playhardball @RonWyden
Keep the pressure on. You know McConnell doing his best to bribe some of his members into voting against patient interests.
:D
In Ontario min wage is $11.40/hr w/Universal Coverage American's now when asked if they approve of Univ HC up to 53% Kaiser!
Give 'em hell. 

Thank you for standing up for us.
Keep fighting, Ron! Oregon is behind you!
Thank you, sir. This Oregonian is behind you!
I'm not from Oregon but I will be visiting Cannon Beach.
Thanks to you and Senator Neekley for standing up for all of us. Go Oregon!
Merkley. Darn autocorrect!
Thank you Senator
Thank you
