What's your views on NK?? Your old Snow Flake!
Yes I have... Did you?lol Do I need to explain it like I always have to explain economics and science to trump fans?
Do U support US joining 21st century & adopting resident tax'n?  Citizen tax destroying competitiveness. http://bit.ly/2fFwA9O  #TaxReform
Actually you are incorrect Ron Wyden.  Its tax cuts for low income, middle class, & business tax cuts.  We want economic growth.
Although Trump needs to work out the specifics, so its still in the works.  It doesn't include a border tax.  A concern maybe.
Continue to believe crap tweets like this you Snowflake!
Sorry Sen., @NancyPelosi says we're capitalists and we can't have nice things.  Fix your party and then maybe you'll be a better opposition.
What is The Price We Pay to subsidize tax havens? What about implementing Friedman's #NIT? Are you waiting for a #UBI to save sick care? 
Who's paying for all those tax reform ads??????
Stop holding the country back Ron vote for the tax reform. You could be the first dem to give the republicans a vote and start unity
What a joke.
Cakes are built from Crumbs, genius. Where'd you get your Econ degree?
Call it like it is. We need you.


Indeed!  It's like the failed"trickle down" of Reagan era...except, we know, it NEVER tickled down!  Snake oil  promises!  We r smarter now!
Gayle you look old enough to understand American prosperity under Regan. Ur bias is showing.
Indeed!  It's like the failed"trickle down" of Reagan era...except, we know, it NEVER tickled down!  Snake oil  promises!  We r smarter now!

highway robbery especially if they are taking $$ from disaster funds - wealthy get wealthier & trump makes more $$ off the presidency
Wrong Trump Donates very little!!!  He just claims to donate!!  Wake Up!!  Trump only donates when he gets caught after lying  saying he did
Kelly - I don't think we are the dumb ones - we'll see when the $1million for Harvey shows up -
Don't Hold Ur Breath!! If U go by His Past Promises.... And I NEVER Said Anyone Was Dumb, But It The  Fits Wear that Bitch
Any GOP tax plan is not tax reform but weath transfer to the 1% I don't understand why Democrats can't convice USA that Reaganomics is a lie
Highway robbery goes on and on and on! He needs to change his tax plan now
No chance of that happening
U can always speak up civilly. Might not happen. If enough people get together & display their mistrust. He may have to change it! SHAMEFUL
Keep on fighting! It never ends with this president.
You forget what Obama did to taxes!!!
That's taking care of your friends and to h*** with the country.
Thanks Ron for pushing another rat (Bradford) out of the swamp! Keep working on them! Let's go for the lead rat!
Spot on, Senator! Here's our take...
U people need to go back to ure holes in the wall and read a book,a real one with pages made of paper not unnamed sources
https://www.forbes.com/sites/anthonynitti/2017/07/13/what-will-the-trump-tax-cuts-mean-for-your-wallet/?c=0&s=trending#8a5cecb13657 … this is all I couls find says my taxes will be lowered were are u people getting ure info CNN don't believe  Ron
How about, it's Immoral to Tax any American over 30% of their income!!!
Isn't that the truth
That is corporate welfare
In what alternate universe do you live. That statement just isn't true.
Lowering taxes to businesses is transferring the cost of gov services they use to their customers,workers and everyone
??? I'm not sure what your point is.
A lot is staying  the same so what is he changing tell me Ron or shut the fu up if mine drops 5%that's more than obumer gave me he raised it
and it is a model that worked so well in 1789
Works for you!
If cutting the corporate tax rate is going to make economy grow faster, why does Europe's grow more slowly even though their rate is lower?
where is the Dems Tax Plan?
Again - what is your plan?  You've had years to deal with tax reform and have done nothing!  Quit griping and get to work. #TermLimits
#MarieAntoinette
#letthemeatcake
So, do the right thing, Ron and stop this anti BDS malarke.
#taxtweet
Coming from same people who made healthcare "affordable"
We knew this would happen. He's all about the rich and doesn't give a damn about the middle class or the poor
Ron, thank you for making Oregon a great place to live. We need more real leaders like you in America.
So...working class and poor not even mentioned? Lord knows lots of former middle class down here too
You also want to keep that unlawful tax called Obama Care. How's that going for you. Given up your illegal exception yet.
Ya just like what we've seen for 8 long years under Obama reduci g the middle class and reduction of jobs/wages.
Does global poverty / inequality reduction succeed with current governments?
Or the French aristocracy.
Are u sure about this statement? Or are you being political?
But...they're the best damned chocolate cakes.
You can only get them at Trump properties. So I hear...
More partisan politics from the #lunaticleft
Trump & Co.: it's just desserts.

US: even the shitpie is getting sliced thinner.

#Impeach #lowlyfatcreampuffs
#Resist #highwayrobbery
Sir, keep working. Don't stop resisting this nonsence. The middle class is the bedrock of Amerian way of life. #TrumpTaxPlan
You helped create this mess. @POTUS is working on fixing it.
Ok. So this Oregonian wants to see your proposal to cut taxes fairly for everyone.
Too bad Ron Wyden doesn't want to help America. Middle class is losing due to unlawful upward manipulation of stock market.
The Federal Reserve is destroying the middle class and diligent investors especially are getting killed due to unlawful stk mkt manipulation
So come up with a better tax plan then and get it passed Ron Wyden. We need help here in central Oregon.
Well Hillary would have raised our taxes so even if what you say is true a little tax cut is better then Hillary's
You have a real hard on for @realDonaldTrump huh? What about your constituents? 30 years without tax reform, crumbs mean something to us!
What do your @SenateGOP colleagues say when you point out their justifications for tax cuts for the wealthy and big corporations are lies?
Still waiting for you and @SenJeffMerkley to denounce Antifa.
You forget you're not a tax expert or a businessman.   Hell, if your tweet is accurate - you should love it!
just recycling those campaign contributions

want to #draintheswamp?

start on front end
trump plan has been endorsed by marie antoinette.
.@RonWyden
Reagan, Thatcher, trickle down economics, austerity, privatization. 

Trump didn't start this, it's been going on for generations
Don't you know? He's the modern day Sheriff of Nottingham. Is there a  Robin Hood on the horizon?
and devastation to our economy.
He's the opposite of Robin Hood, basically.
Ron, go hang with your ANTICA people, we'lldo the heavy lifting for Americans in Reality #MAGA
#Douche
What's your plan? Complain?
Sen Wyden clearly wasn't paying attention in his macroeconomics class
He hasn’t even introduced a plan. He has some ideas but Ways and Means is writing the thing so he can blame congress when it fails.
It's the Republican way.
your in the robbery group!
Sure.
This middle class deplorable says, you dems better get onboard or you'll be out of a job! UR out of touch with American workers!!
BAU for the super rich.
Oh by the way, I'm the one who came up with the "99%" do you know what happens if I die or my son does????
Where have you been? This is SOP..... and I have never heard from you....despite getting emails stating you'll contact me from 2 yrs ago.
Amen
Reverse Robin Hood
TRUMP?GOP plan is more laffer curve BS. Hasn't Kansas proved this cutting for growth BS a sham ?? Does anyone ever learn ? #BringBackIRC1954
Or Reverse Robinhood.
Someone skipped econ 101.
Just a continuation of the class warfare that republicans have been waging against the middle & lower classes since The Reagan era.
What are you whining about? 10%, 15%, 25% levels for individuals Corp tax cut...15%? That's cake for the middle class. What robbery?
It's a bandwagon hate group!!  Hate all things Trump regardless!  These people need voted out!!!
Thank you for your service, sir!
A guy who gave us ACA, lowest GDP growth in history, higher taxes and regulations for small businesses, we should take ur word for it?
Take an economics class,if businesses thrive so do the working middle class. After 8 years of crushing businesses with Obama u have no idea
You fool
What have you done for middle class on tax burden?  Exactly NOTHING.
Stop with the typical dem class warfare. The "fortunate few" have actually worked hard, earned, saved, sacrificed and applied themselves!!!!
If you actually believe that, I have a bridge to sell you.
I think the proof is in his words and also in his tax reform so you my friend are wrong go buy yourself another Bridge
Once again, start acting like a Semator, stop whining and offer the services of your office to get tax relief.
You have seen no details to the WH plan. Please stop whining, pick up the phone, offer your services and show some optimism for a change.
You have no clue how to make family wage jobs. You are pushing for Slave labor. Illegals, Refugees are great in your bad opinion
Always twisting the truth to suit your agenda  Twisted Twister
You wouldn't know the truth if it but you in the butt. No evidence it will help economy. Previous ones like this did not
Guess there's no need for @realDonaldTrump to call you.
Ron Wyden, you are truly a treasure.  I hope everyday to see you on MSNBC!
No tax reform until trump releases 20yrs of his federal filings PLUS all supporting documents. NO TAX REFORM !
Trump to middle class: Let them eat crumbs!
Mr. Wyden we want the #FairTax.
I doubt you read so much.

Or you wouldn't be fooled by Fairtax fraud.

https://fairtaxgoofy.blogspot.com/ 
I'm thinking Congress needs to listen to the people before the people is all they hear.
Then draft a damn bill. You're a congressman correct? Cut personal income brackets across the board. Cut corporate taxes too. He'll sign it.
Now stop them Senator Wyden. 
Whatever, we won't have to worry about taxes if we're all nuked!  He is MENTALLY ILL, we want him out. Do your job Ron, please.
Maybe people should get better jobs
Make the Republicans tell us how it  give us raises or how it will hire people in inner cities how much more food I can buy
Don't vote for it @HouseGOP
Why don't you go suck on a carrot 
At least people have a job and they can get free free free abortions in Oregon
Trickle down by any other name is still kleptocracy - hold on to your wallets boys and girls.
Your comments are ludicrous! Your dishonesty is unconscionable! Why are you on vacation with no accomplishments in the Senate this year? Sad
He's one of the creepiest - like pedo creepy
Less talk. More action! Tell us what you are doing about putting a stop to this.
tax cuts to corporations and rich do not = jobs and higher wages! It only = more money for rich! Middle class and poor will pay more
He's head of the ponzi scheme that is called capitalism.
Textbook Republicon trickle down voodoo  now mixed with Putin style Kleptocracy. Trump will sell oil & mineral rights for pennies as well
he's a two bit con man out for a cash grab for him and his corporate cronies.
"Let them eat cake." Karma
It's redistribution of wealth.
People are suffering right now, and this is a priority? What's wrong with 45s PR people?
Since when do you give a fuck about the middle class?
Most middle class americans that vote republican actually believe the tax reform applies to them. It doesn't. Pure propaganda
Wrong
he loves his rich friends
He will take care of himself first!
The United States of America is being run by a bunch of old white billionaires! I am fed up, and I know I'm not ALONE!
Wrong! You comments are ludicrous
If cutting taxes on the rich created prosperity, how would one explain 2007-2008? Trickle-down is BS. Trump is not a leader, he's a con-man!
Does global poverty / inequality reduction succeed with current governments?
Not Surprised at all by this chart! The rich get richer, and the middle class and poor get poorer! 
This senator get zero chill
This approach worked for Bush. You've got to make sure this is stopped in its tracks this time. America can't take another Boom-Bust economy
Preach it, brother!
#MAGA is a cult.
People on welfare will be happy/praying for work, when Trump cuts them off. Bastard
Yea, and not many good highways left to rob.
Far Left is communist party, Liars liars.  Communist always completely destroy the Middle Class.
Dems suck. No ideas, only obstruction 
No shock here!  Everything @POTUS has done, past and present, shows he is a #Corrupt #Thief
3 % GDP.
Democrats are nothing but talking points anymore... so sad and pathetic
A "crumby" plan indeed.
We'll take that as a NO vote.  Right, Senator?
The only trickle down, is in his pant leg. Quit stalking and #impeach him already.
Tax break for the rich disguised as a tax break for middle/poor.
wall st. wins again! Avg. American gets screwed again .
Wrong
Thank you @RonWyden
I suggest we double all the tax rates at every level and exclude the first $100,000 in income.
Bet u make under 100k...
Mr. Eric - You lose the bet.
No taxes no tax reform PERIOD
Speech Takeaway: Trump will continue to pitch his big tax cut for the rich and corporations as one for the middle class and the economy.
Sounds like Bush. I'd imagine saying "This was Bush's tax plan, how did that work out" should be a sufficient slogan
A Big Beautiful Piece of Chocolate while we get Crumbs Sounds about right @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Continue to Choose GREED PUTIN  POS over USA
In what way? DETAILS PLEASE!
Your class warfare argument is hollow and childish. You have to pay taxes in order to receive tax cuts. 50% of Americans pay none.
Craig, explain this.
http://ctj.org/ctjreports/2016/03/fortune_500_companies_hold_a_record_24_trillion_offshore.php#.WacT6BllDqA …
$695 billion in owed taxes, all sitting off shore. Not paying taxes.
Basically he has no plan & will just let Ryan implement that stupid plan he has failed to implement before. It will hurt working Americans.
 My gawd, u people are so fuckn predictable! Do your sheep really believe that govt isn't WASTING tax revenue at every level? CUTS 4 ALL!
Before you comment do some actual research, like figure out who pays the most taxes.
http://ctj.org/ctjreports/2016/03/fortune_500_companies_hold_a_record_24_trillion_offshore.php#.WacT6BllDqA …
Fake news!! what is your plan just keep taxing and spending. NICE
http://ctj.org/ctjreports/2016/03/fortune_500_companies_hold_a_record_24_trillion_offshore.php#.WacT6BllDqA …
We continue to be mugged by our government.
Especially if you make less than $150,000 per year!
What makes you entitled to it?

you expected more from the guy that wont release his own tax returns? Keep in mind he promised them of his own accord several times
But if we cut taxes for the rich they'll invest all that money and create jobs for everyone this time, Charlie Brown!
Yep just ask Kansas & Louisiana, they ran their GOP governors out due to their useless trickle down economics destroying their states econ
Thank you 
Yes. Trump's very proficient at highway robbery.
Maybe you can contribute to a better plan!
