Oh he grasps it fine. He's in bed with energy providers like in Okl.  His agency needs special review & censoring. He needs to take a hike.
Pruitt needs to go to jail! Whole lotta monkey business back in OKLAHOMA plus he really fudged the truth in his confirmation hearings!
4 God sake, America, WAKE UP!! These awful people r killing r country=water, air & food. R kids & Gkids will pay an awful price, all 4 $
Reality  ?? At best its a theory.
No matter what they try to do, damaging our world health in the process, those Rust Belt jobs aren't coming back.
This makes me absolutely heartsick. What can we do about it?
Every day, 2 or 3 more horror stories. For the sake of humanity & The planet #TrumpPenceMustGo 13 cities so far
Glad to be out of Paris Accord ... so glad
Climate change is caused by the SUN. GET off the UN/Globalists agenda. Plants/Trees CO2 to O2 real hard concept. Eliminate CO2 plants die.
what are you all waiting for?? Start impeachment proceedings
UR sad remember all the "scientist" that falsified climate change info for political reasons and got fired if reported diff? Fear monger!!
Oh you mean like the Daily Mail story that earned them censure because it was so fake?
Let see, The Blaze, The New American News, The Guardian,The Prison Planet,NASA and NOAA and we still have ice and more polar bears etc etc
So you are a global warming idiot. If the problem is man made as all the idiots claim, then explain to me the end of the ice age.
How much longer are we going to allow this madness to continue?
Obama’s intent and really,his whole agenda,was to tank the USA.
You just can't grasp reality period
This has got to end.
Pruitt grasps climate change just fine. He knows it's a threat. He simply doesn't care beyond the $ he gets from oil and coal companies.
It's in the nature of the right wing to destroy creation.
I can't support you, puppet! More DNC dribble.
Please focus on NO corporate welfare.
Big business is supposed to be big because of quality management, not because of access to a Fed teat.
It was illegal. The Supreme Court knocked it down previously. Another case of Obama overreach of powers.
They are idiots!! All of them!! 
May I point out that every and I mean every single climate prediction made by environmentalists has been wrong for last 40yrs  just sayin
Not for long these traitors are out of here
Back to the middle ages

They can grasp it. They would rather line their pockets by companies that make money while polluting.
Coal as fuel for electric power is most efficient source...does not cause climate change..
What administration is doing is called leading.  Something you know little about. They have grasp on reality, just not yours.
Please impeach that man!! He is destroying this country and the whole earth!!!
Not “can’t.” Won’t because their worldview, power, and profit demand it. Don’t diffuse their murderous responsibility
West coast Clean Power Agreement?  A lot comes into our ports. Many goods have to get through the west coast.
Look most these Republicans are out of there minds Trump must have gave them some drugs or something thay follow him like little girls
So upsetting.  Our poor planet. When Rump named his cabinet, was obvious he chose people to dismantle all improvements from later years
They can...they just don't want to admit it.  A bunch of Cleopatra's.....queens of denial
Because it isn’t reality.  It’s a hoax to control people’s lives.
Another reason we need money out of politics. Until then you can propose of support a #NewGreenDeal like @SenSanders @DrJillStein proposed.


Now it's back to climate change....
Disgusting what this administration is doing.
There needs to be a rule to limit the carbon emissions of US Senators!
and you can't grasp what increases in energy prices do to the middle class.
When will you talk about climate geoengineering hmm?
I guess the war on coal is over, and the war on the atmosphere has begun.
There's little room for politically correct interpretation here. @EPAScottPruitt is very proud of The Environmental Pollution Agenda
You along with others have no credibility concerning climate change. Alter input data to manipulate output to desired results- Bad
So what has been done about his silence bubble
It's not that they can't, they won't. It's long past time to deal w/ that reality. The only thing they respect is strength. Stand up! 
This administration seems to have a desire to harm. Trump in particular has NO good intent for our country,people,or planet.They own this.
It seems like you, Congress, & America doesn't get it. trump wants to erase Obama's legacy. It's the only reason he ran for president.
Correction:  knows they can't profit from climate change reality. #climate #GOP
It's not about denying climate change for the fucking moron in charge. It's about dismantling the CPP because it has Obama's name on it.
All they care about are their wallets
Obama did it. That's why they want it gone.
These people are literally destroying our country.
its not what they can't grasp but what they can grasp & thats more money. This is the most corrupt administration ever, after only 9 months
if obama had been pro pollution, trump would be an enviornmentalist.
It's not reality they're grasping for—it's money. Start pressuring your local officials to support clean energy. #ClimateAction
Ain’t that s..t funny? Bama invokes it, and the Trump blows it away. I guess Obama should have done it the “right” way, through Congress!
Blinded by greed.
It is part of Trump's plan: destroying Obama's legacy, 
Dammit @realDonaldTrump 
Soon we will get you out of the Whitehouse. Soon!!!!
Trump knows he is on bottom ring of ladder, where he'll stay.  Diss Obama & others puts blame on anyone but himself. At bottom will he stay.
And EPA just scrubbed its own 1983 report calling for drastic change from its website. I have it, please share.
Dear Senator Wyden I think they get it but don’t care!!
And inability to actually do anything. All they have managed is to un-do or attempt to un-do. Pruitt is not a friend of the people.
45 and his minions are privileged. They don't breath the same air or drink the same water as the rest of us.
For now.
Senator, they just can't grasp reality C. 2017.
Please @RonWyden-start having press conferences that attract boatloads of attention--- need more than twitter-need attention-PSA asthma ad?
This so-called administration really stinks.
I just heard "Climate Shift" on the latest Public Radio. 1st it was Global warming, then climate change, now shift.  It's a lie, don't buy.
See you in court #pruitt
This is disgraceful.
I think they grasp the reality of climate change just fine.
They simply don't care because they are raking in $$$ from fossil fuel industry.
Carrie's right. Please stop wasting time arguing with gaslighting. Follow the money. Then help us #ImpeachTrump and #IndictTheRest.
Sen Wyden - can you make them move next door, downwind, to any of the plants they just screwed up??? please
Nullify this election and get these corrupt SOBs out of DC.
They're using this to line their own pockets! WAKE UP!!!!
They get it. They just don't care, because their donors wanna make more $.
We have cavemen running our damn country!
If Obama 
 Discovered a Cure for
 All Diseases on Planet Earth.
#MeinTrumpf Administration 
Would Dismantle It.
Because Obama 
Made It.
Prostitutes will always do the bidding of their pimps.
You might broaden that statement to: 'this administration can't grasp reality'.

The fine particles of a dirty EPA will kill thousands and disable possibly millions. As China tries to clean we try* to regress #PruittWorld
I always wanted to relive the 1960's and for that fact 50's, 40's, and 30's.  Who needs clean air or water. Not me. Anything to make maga...
And you don't grasp that God is in charge of the climate, not God.  Scamming the people for $$$= Climate change.
He is a spiteful DANGEROUS child He gets dumber by the second & he doesn’t give a shit. No concept of ramifications of any of his actions.
There’s 23T in Arctic gas and oil at stake for RU and Trump/Exxon/GS junta currently populating the US govt.  It should be quite clear why.
See Eric Garland, futurist/strategic intell thread.
Hope they prepare for paying for a LOT more natural disasters made more disasterous by their actions.  Time to put 2 and 2 together.

Sweet news for Appalachia.  Jobs!!  Get a few residence there off of food stamps.
Great to see CLEAN COAL is Back and that shit climate change is gone!!!
It's not that they can't grasp it, it's just that it goes against their entire platform of "be a dick at all times."
If we don't Bernie in for 2020, we could be in big trouble.
This administration needs to be taken out now before more damage is done.

The hate and prejudices felt towards anything Obama is a policy these knuckleheads employ! Not sustainable in the long game. #Impeach45






Well, no one really grasps it. It's all based on models which are based on assumptions...we should keep studying it, unbiasedly as possible.
He calls it the "so-called"  Clean Energy Act" I call him the "so-called (mis) Director of the EPA." Making America dirty again
#MAGA
Not to mention the blatant lying about the reason for the decline of coal jobs.
Too many words, Senator.  Just remove the words "climate" & "change" & you end up with a more accurate statement.
Perhaps they see the writing on the wall -- the GOP can't govern and will be gone soon.  They must do the most damage rapidly.
That which is lost can be found again. :)  Oh, and bless your heart! #msnbc
Instead of worrying and fear mongering over something that isn't happening and occurs naturally worry about chem pollution!
Can you guys hurry up and remove these monsters before they kill us all? Please????
I think these two trending right next to each other says it all... when will the madness end? will there be anything left?
What can't you grasp? They understand it completely but are lobbyist whores beholden to nothing but their greed
Or any fact based in reality, really.
It's all about the money in gas, Sir.
