you people are mental , Rape culture is a myth and we do have a CONSTITUTION ..you are the domestic enemies
Patty, you are a nut case but what if your kids accuse you of sexual misconduct.  Due process???
All sexual assault victims should be believed until otherwise proven. If DeVos has a problem this she needs to sign.
Yes they should, as I'm sure you believed Bill Clinton's accusers. However, we do live in a country where the accused also have rights...
How dare you let a man prove his innocence....
Hmm kinda like Bill Clinton's victims should be believed? Oh wait it doesn't count for the hypocrisy of the left. Ever heard of due process?
you are incompatible with due process and justice, not surprised you want to take away everyone’s guns
For the lacking in legal education (me) in what way is the Senator arguing for revoking due process?
Presumption of innocence, judicial impartiality etc
So maybe I am not reading it correctly or missing the between the lines but where does the senator say that courts of law should deny that?
The fear is that if accusers are automatically believed, then the accused are not likely to receive a fair hearing on either count
@CNN Innocent parents should be believed over false allegations when no evidence of abuse or neglect is present. What about our Civil Rights
And falsely accused should get due process --not kangaroo courts.
And false accusers should receive the same sentence as the accused would have received if they were found guilty
This got my attention for @TheInanna Project. @PattyMurray is my Senator & avid foe of @BetsyDeVosED. Patty is an awesome role model.
Shouldn't we, like, determine whether they're "survivors" first? 

Google "due process" and "presumption of innocence."


When someone is abused then called crazy..
It's beyond evil and the exact psychopath mentality the pumps in Europe used to enslave  women
So you don't believe in due process. Well, that's terrific....
So, she is on the 1950's plan?
My best friend was falsely accused. He spent 6 months in juvenile detention and lost an art scholarship. What about his rights?
If only there were some sort of process (due) to suss out if someone is telling the truth, mistaken, or lying before we blindly believe them
And due process should be protected
She's part of the p***y grabbing party @realDonaldTrump @GOP doesn't have female feelings 2 associate any wrongdoings!
Equity is not equality...You have been useless for 24 years...How's your bank account doing from corporate contributions?...
sen Murray do. you ask for permission for every kiss, ever have sex after a single glass of wine?  U too could be guilty if in college
You are wäre that both consent and SA differ on campus that at law. A spontaneous hug or waking ur  lover with a kiss is S A
No not believed, listened to and a fair and impartial investigation and if warranted robust fair hearing to follow
"Sexual assault Survivor should be believed" ? Unless sexual assaults are committed by Muslims then you turn the other cheek? Fkn Hypocrite
The accused also have rights.
They should be heard and treated with dignity. Being believed is not a right nor should it be.
Thank you, Senator Murray and Betsy, like the rest of DT's cabinet, you are an incompetent fool. Go home. Be rich. Stay out of politics.
It's sad when the public has to explain one of our most basic legal tennents to a sitting US senator.
funny but when Bill Clinton was sexually harassing everyone you didn't say anything.  hmmmm
political tool
And those who make false accusations should serve jail time. And quit redefining sexual assault!

UNBELIEVABLE  WOW COUNTRY  IS BECOMING AQ SORRY MESS
Rolling Stone to Pay $1.65 Million to Fraternity Over Discredited Rape Story
Paula Jones
Juanita Broddrick
Kathleen Wiley

I believe them.

Do you?
Ths doesn't show compassion only unbridled disdain 
Keep those blinders on.
trust but verify - your view point Senator sets a precedence of "guilty until proven innocent" that is not how things work here
You're simply rewarding lying. That a senator can gain votes for such tells one the catastrophic state our western societies are in
So Senator Murray on the record now opposing due process rights. Any other parts of Bill of Rights you want to steal from the citizenry?
That's remedial. By your own logic, if someone accused you of this... you would HAVE to believe them...while knowing you didn't. Wow #mong
What about male survivors? The current approach is failing them. You're helping radical feminist bigots. Shame.
So if you are accused of doing something illegal, we should believe the person accusing you and take action based on their belief?
How do you not understand "we'll believe you even if you're lying" just incentivises liars? 

Who am I kidding, of course you know that.
Women with sons should be concerned that this idiot is a Senator.
Man hating made legal. This is nothing but a feminist hate & revenge law used by kangaroo courts at uni. Look at mattress girl & Duke LC
Read To Kill a Mockingbird & some other tales of woe for decent men. Then talk.

Btw, Columbia just settled with Mattress Girl's victim.
Are you saying that we should make an exception to the 'innocent until proven guilty' principle when it comes to charges of rape?
Your approach undermines due process for the accused.
NO. EVIDENCE must be sought. No evidence, no crime.
Ok.  Do you @PattyMurray believe Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey and Juanita Broaddrick?
Doesn't 'believing' an accusation of a crime by default undermine civil rights? Dangerous thinking for someone in a position of power!
If you've never been the victim of a sexual assault,you have No Right to speak for me or anyone who else who has been victimized.Never-ever.
If you've never been falsely accused of sexual assault by vindictive exes who like to see you squirm, you have the right to remain silent
Exactly! HER point of view is why so many children never speak about abuse
Taken seriously yes, but not at the cost of due process.
The accused have rights too you know.
Sexual assault charges need to be examined by law enforcement, period.
No believing but proof.
Perhaps you can talk to young men in your state personally affected by this @PattyMurray. Embarrassed you represent WA State.
maybe some one should gran her p----- oops her boss probably already has she prob liked it
Tell Hillary and bill that !!!!!!  DID you tell them that  ?????
Have you ever heard of due process? Wait...you're in politics....of course not
@BetsyDeVosED wants lost ground as a rule - in this case it's re: women's and victim's rights.
Betsy DeVos wants due process and the presumption of innocence. Patty Murray wants witch hunts and hysteria. I'm with DeVos.
Keep voting out Democrats like this worthless cow
DeVos is a horror.  We must protect our kids from her
If you aren't familiar with "due process" you shouldn't be in the U.S. Senate.
And people like you ignoring due process will do more harm then anything.
Just throw out "innocent until proven guilty" when it clashes with your agenda.
Someone needs to give her a copy of "Against Our Will" by S. Brownmiller.
You need to Google "due process" and "presumption of innocence."
Are you assuming that I am not a lawyer? Mighty arrogant of you.
I made no assumption regarding what your profession is or isn't. You could be a lawyer, a parole officer, or a brick layer for all I know.
In any case, it's mighty foolish of you to assume there aren't plenty of lawyers hostile to the presumption of innocence & due process.
Are you talking to Bill and Hillary Clinton who destroyed his accusers?
Sen. Murray under Obama we have undermined the Constitutional right of the accused. You swore to uphold that document. Shame  you.
And the rights of the accused? #FalseAllegations happen. People have killed themselves because of them.
Sexual assault accusations should be taken seriously. But they should be handled by the courts. Justice needs more than just an accusation.
Nice to hear that you finally believe Juanita Broaddrick

Bill Clinton is a rapist
Unless it's @billclinton. Then @HillaryClinton will defame/destroy them and u Dems will sit quietly on ur hands
I also oppose due process, senator stupid.
how about due process. And innocent until proven guilty Or did you phone in your oath to uphold the constitution
Moronic senator seems unfamiliar with UVA and Duke fake rape stories. All sides must be explored/analyzed to find the best solution for all.
Except when they accuse Bill Clinton though, right?
No, Senator Murray, young men will NOT be sacrificed to the altar of the vaginuns and lose their right to presumed innocence
This is a very fashionable virtue signal...right up to the point when one of your male family members is accused.
"DeVos will hold...meetings with groups...representing victims...accused, and...educational groups, attorneys, and lobbyists." HOW DARE SHE?
We have due process and rule of law. A man should not be stripped of his rights just because he went to college. @PattyMurray @BetsyDeVos
we tried that and got Salem and lynchings. Investigate, verify, find evidence. #DueProcess
Right up to the point when their accusations are found to be true or false in court of law. It's called "due process", Senator.
How do we know which ones are "survivors" and which are lying assholes?
Liberals hate due process, it wastes time before the righteous, feminist execution can take place.
Due process doesn't change base on the nature of the crime.  This line of thinking is extremely dangerous
"All Americans should be presumed guilty until proven innocent." --Abraham Lincoln
Lincoln tweeted that when he was drunk. He never actually meant it. Learn your history.
That's not what upworthy and buzzfeed say though
Pandering to her base as all politicians do. Or...crap 
! do you think she believes this?
You need to get busy repealing the 5th and 14th Amendments to the Constitution. Due process is such an impediment, isn't it?
It's called Due Process-meaning "innocent until proven guilty" not the other way around. How dense can our society be if we get rid of this?
Did you mention this to Senator Clinton when you two served together?  #JustSayin
Or we could respect due process, let the criminal justice system properly vet the evidence and then punish people. Or is that too crazy?
Sexual assault survivors should be LISTENED TO-- not automatically believed. What if they lied? Then what? False imprisonment of the accused
Have you ever read the Constitution Senator?  The only group with constitutional rights in a criminal proceeding is the accused.
I agree. @billclinton  is #GuiltyBill
Senator, is your expectation that all men should be convicted irrespective of the evidence?
Yes, it is, in fact, her position. That's the position of the entire political left, actually.
I thought Due Process was a civil right.  No?
DeVos is unqualified for this position. She should be removed immediately. Like all of Trumps appointees they are hurting the US not helping
So you'd screw over a bunch of innocent people's lives by denying them due process?
Believing is not role of TIX admin. Alleged victims sb respected/supported. No one is a "survivor" until proven so by thorough process
Please grow up and stop trying to pit groups against each other. We can't just presume one side in a dispute is telling the truth.
No, innocent until proven guilty is vital to your justice system.
It isn't changed for murder, it shouldn't change for sexual assault
An accusation is not proof in of itself.
Wtf is wrong with you?
Thank you Senator Murray for standing up for victims of sexual assault
actually she is trampling on civil liberties. No one has a "right" to be believed. Provide evidence
All students lives matter, and we should work towards policies that protect the innocent while supporting survivors
don't believe in due process? I take it you're going to start a bill to make it Guilty until proven innocent, or are you virtue signaling?
Donthe rights of falsely accused men even enter your mind? Is it ok to put an innocent man in jail? To ruin his life?
Check yourself, Patty Murray. Your misandry is showing.
People that have been accused of sexual assault should be believed. Innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. Shame on you.
and create moral panic among the public for political ends
You political opportunists hack! Do your job and strive for some substantive good change for the country. Don't participate in witch hunts
truth with available facts. Everyone deserves and investigation, not automatically being believed!
standards and virtually no important institutional protections for the rights of the accused. You should be more focused on getting to the
had their lives ruined because of people like you forcing universities to set up kangaroo courts that have low preponderance of evidence

Oh puhleez. Why didn't you fix healthcare when you had a chance? You BUILT it. You should have fixed it.
This is NOT due process there is a REASON we have due process.
Don't liberals always like to say "words have consequences." Ha @PattyMurray? There have been countless completely innocent men who have
"Should be believed?" So we should presume guilt based on an accusation alone?
Tell that to the Duke Lacrosse players wrongly accused and finally vindicated. You do real victims a disservice by violating civil rights.
I've been sexually http://assaulted.You  can not undermine due process for those accused. You harm us all when you do that.Provide evid.
I'm very sorry for what you've been through
They should be believed but not at the expense of the rights of the accused...#DueProcess
We don't know whether someone's a survivor or a false accuser until after a rigorous hearing affording due process to the accused.
Thats what investigations are for...we dont do "guilty until proven innocent".
Kangaroo court or due process. Gee, I wonder what's better?
Our Elected officials should really be above Buzzfeed articals. The People deserve better leaders. Innocent Until Proven Guilty, Remember?
Who doesn't believe them? Or is it that you think that the justice system should require no evidence on sexual assault claims?
Hey Pattie..whata ya think about the President turning a infatuated 21 yr old GIRL into a verb??? #LyingLiberals #LynchObstuction #MAGA
What other crimes are we going to classify in this way, where the accused is guilty until proven innocent? All of them?
Didnt realize Salem was back in style, I'll get my torch
No #rape accusers shouldn't be believed, they should be listened to then evidence should be collected, and a college shouldn't handle it.
What rights?  Denying others their basic right to a fair trial?  You're a joke.
??? START WITH THESE WOMEN!!!! #RAPE #BillClinton
Amazing. A senator that doesn't give one shit about the law.
Sooo... Guilty until proven innocent? Sounds like a super good idea.
Nepolianic Law is what that crazy woman wants.
Yes! This! Down With Nipplepolic Laws!
So, you believe that Bill Clinton is a rapist.  Good to know.

I personally like to see due process, but what do i know?
Depends on the meaning of the word 'is'.. even his impeachment hearings couldn't decide that one for us
Pure strawman argument. She's not taking away anyone's rights.
So no due process?  Really?
This is why we need to have due process, Senator

https://mobile.nytimes.com/2007/04/12/us/12duke.html …
Or mistake.
Mis identifying their attack is not unheard of, it's happened bedore
I guess you approve this message too:
I wrote about my sons, rape culture, and the myth of the safe man. http://www.rolereboot.org/culture-and-politics/details/2017-07-im-done-pretending-men-safe-even-sons/#.WV5zqH_7FTl.twitter …
Title IV should NEVER be applied to anything other than athletics
You mean presume guilt senator. Call it what it is. It's a removal of a cornerstone of justice.  Innocent till PROVEN guilty.
You don't know much about law do you?
Actual courts should try real cases. Colleges have no businesss taking over the legal system.
Right? Pass it over to the police immediately and see what the justice system finds out. If anybody is in danger they'll warn school admins.
Due process sure sucks for tyrants like you
Guilty till proven innocent. Needing Evidence is a sexist plot.
Men in groups of any kind are rape apologists.
Senator Murray isn't evil!
Our core right to due process supercedes subjective belief. Respect the claims of victims, protect the rights of all.
Why because they never distort Mb due process is a good thing. Why are schools the arbiter of what constitutes assault police r
Regretting drunken sex is not surviving sexual assault. It's the consequence of an individual's poor judgement. Sad. Not illegal.
The accused has rights, too.
ALL accusations should be taken seriously & investigated,but NO 1'S accusations should just "be believed".INNOCENCE till proven guilt.
You can help people who claim to be raped with counseling and everything, but if you want punishment, then you should adequately prove it.
Restoring due process does not equate to disbelieving victims. Isn't American justice all about innocent until proven guilty?
Women and men are equal... except women never lie or rape and men lie and rape. Thanks for the info Senator Murray.
Due process is the law, you should know that dummy.
And how do we determine if they are sexual assault survivors or just liars?
You mean like Juanita Broaddrick?

Good, but surely you're about to post a gif about the many women who accused Trump?
The ones who haven't either recanted or had their lawsuits dismissed repeatedly?
I personally know a woman who told me that the Secret Service tried to procure her for Clinton's when she attended a campaign function.
Still with the whataboutism.  Trump is a perv... stop deflecting.
He's not a saint.  OK.  Big deal.
