I like who Friedman was and a lot of things he said about #Free2Choose and abolishing the @federalreserve and why do we need insurances... 
You truly are a buffoon Lets keep up reminding #Oregon of that fact. PS: you are much more racist than Bannon ever thought of being.
Run against him
Run Against ronny. He would lie cheat and steal to keep his seat. I would do none of these things. Press would print his lies as fact. $$$$
Well that's easy. Are you sure you're not just out-of-touch?
The entire OR GOP can't find a viable candidate, so he cheats?  #crybabies
Yes He cheats, Ask him why he is against Voter ID. He depends on Illegal votes which he buys with welfare state goody's.
It has been repeatedly proven that voter ID laws do not impact illegal votes, but rather hamper legal voters. #heresyourstupidstick #fudgeu
You live in a fantasy world if you believe voter ID laws do not impact voter fraud. Whatever study U provide would be fake
If data tells you something you don't want to hear, it's fake? Maybe your ideas are fake, and were handed to you by a fake POTUS.
It's time to put an explicit legislative check on Donald's ability to order a nuclear strike. He is unstable.
In sum, Trump, freaked out about the Russia investigation, lashed out to the point that we were brought closer to nuclear war
#45 has to be removed from the presidency he is the dangerous one!!
Dangerous because he is showing people the lie is what the democrat party is.  That party has no democracy or love of country.
True! Please urge House to bring articles of impeachment and invoke 25th amendment. He's willfully dividing the nation, with malice for all.
You need to denounce Antifa. They are a huge problem in Portland. Why do you ignore?
Thank God, President Trump sticks his word!  He has a worthy mission to accomplish and in spite of near do wells like you!
You will lose Ron. Just like you lost in November
Please stop the hateful rhetoric. gov't puts the squeeze on my boss>me. Your job is to OUST HC mandates and pass TAX REFORM/Not Kiss Schumer
Pompeo said @KremlinRussia_E meddled in the 2008 election. VP obviously voted for Barack. Does that bother you?
It's stoopid to name your airport "Madras" (derived from Manderaggio -- means "the realm of the stupid people"). Why not rename it "Edison"?
The only pressure I want to see is you replaced- you don't even live here!
And Portland is a zoo. You have homeless people everywhere, traffic is a nightmare and you keep worrying about the rest of the country
Ron, figure out how to take care of Portland and all the problems you're having here and quit worrying about the rest of the country
Pressure is on traitor and we will vote you out
That why he is President.  Duh?
You have no respect for the American who voted for Trump- Your ignoring the Citizens vote - democracy is gone! It's not about you it's us!
Impeach trump America impeach him now
You were fooled by Trump? I'd say it's time for a reality change. Legalize all drugs, get rid of patenting, & abolish the need for licensure
You need to check out the Mercer-Trump-Bannon tie....follow the money.
***bannon is back at breitbart
Impeach Wyden
We know who UR Wyden.  MAGA
No!  Your job is to assist The President we voted in!  Looks like high time we vote in Conservative Senators in Oregon!
We've known who you are for years and you're still there. #termlimits
Leopards don't change their spots.
True
AlwYs shown your higher self!
Exactly. Trump tweets different things on different days. He flips more than a pancake.
I'm sure they will remain connected so Bannon will continue to advise him, so to speak.
The President is not the one who needs to change!
Agreed.  Democratic leaders like yourself have clearly shown you do not support or value ordinary Oregonians like me.
We also see now how the dems are.
Also, I was taught in 1st grade
To refer to the President as Mr President or President Trump.
And who do you think The President is?
America voted trump your still in D.C. ?  Why
According to Bannon Trump has changed...are dems willing to compromise???
Ron has to be Proud of the Monument of Hate he voted 4 Honoring his friend KKKleagle Democrat Majority.  How hate justice did you Vote for?
Bannon's exit is not enough to save Trump's job. Vote to censure and impeach.
You mean how you guys keep proving nothing Trump would ever do apart from suicide on live TV would ever be enough? We believe you.
Agreed! Read enclosed letter then spin it. Confederate Statues we're all DEMOCRATS.
So Bill Clinton DEMOCRAT signed into law making Robert E. Lee a holiday in Arkansas. Confederate Statues we're Democrats. Trump's a Racist 
Agreed. @realDonaldTrump needs to resign.
Lmao.  He left so he can fight for him against the sick corrupt establishment. Read his statement dopes
AGREED Sir!! #Timeto25th45
Why don't you put pressure on doing your job and leave my president alone!
Ron supports and defends literal communists rioting in the streets, illegal aliens, and welfare mooches. Only ones he doesn't defend are us.
All agreeing with Ron are as ate up as he is. Oregon is a mess. Fix and worry about Oregon, then worry about the rest of the country.
Hate to break it to you, Oregon depends on a functioning federal executive branch. It does not have one currently.
I seriously do not understand you. You are never positive, always stirring hate whenever you can, and why? Hilary losing rob you of ethics?
Obama is gone but you haven't changed. #Ny3rdSenator doesn't care about American citizens, only the illegal votes. #notMySenator #turnORred
Right and pressure him to resign asap. Thank you.
I'm glad you're my senator! Keep up the good work!

Impeach! Independent Investigation! Audit the Election! Now.
#FireGorka #FireMiller. Get all Nazis out.#NaziTrump
Funny you are after the Pres, when it exactly your idiotic polices and conduct that the people voted against in voting for my President
Don't flatter yourself.  Con-
Keep up the pressure to get rid of nuts like you

Told you so
Exhibit number 12,546 on how leftists will never be satisfied. Keep up the pandering Ronnie.
Shouldn't you be doing your job not worrying about White House staffing decisions? Chief of Staff Kelly has it covered. Get back to work!
My #Healthcare went up 25% what are you doing about it?
Soon you're gonna wish he was back in the White House.
Will Bannon be subject to pre-publishing review?
Bannon Says He's `Going to War for Trump' After White House Exit
It's a start but gorka, miller, pency, sessions, tilly, etc. remain
I think they just took them off the White House payroll. There's no way he's not still advising Trump
What are you talking about!? Let the man do his job! #Democrats #Oregon #LimousineLiberals obstructionists. You are what's wrong w/America!
I will never vote Democrat again
Thank you. Bannon's presence should never be reason to let our guard down. Trump, Pence, Ryan and many others need to GOOO!
Keep up pressure?Ur an *ss along w all other Antifa-loving Libtards who seek 2 destroy our beloved democracy thru anarchy! Bring it! #MAGA
I couldn't agree more.  I hope the house and Senate will stand up and put on pressure. Racism is unacceptable
We see clearly who u http://r.you  will be voted out of office.just a bad stain on America
Thats true, you have shown to be a hater and islamic terrorist supporter.  Believe it.
Trump must be removed

What are you and wife hiding in New York, Ronnie?
Not seeing your name associated with movement to censure Donny  why?
He still has Miller and Gorka who are no better than the Bridge Troll was.
I'm all ears,what steps are you taking to create this pressure you speak of?
Like you ?  Believe me we have seen WHAT YOU ARE & it vile & pathetic!!
Racists do not hire  multiple AAs to their staff and  Nazis do not support their precious daughterd to marry and convert to Judism...
Until Trump is gone the world can't sleep safe at night! He is seriously deranged
Coming soon to a theater near you
Thank you for being a voice for Oregon Senator Wyden. You speak the truth when so many in congress are afraid.
Just like our First Lady Michelle Obama said, "Presidency does not change who you are, it reveals who you are.

Your williness to hurt the country rather than help disgusts me
Getting paid to resist only is wasting my precious tax dollars go back to NY

Yes, how many times must he say, "I mean what I say, I'm not joking," before people start paying attention?
The Extremist Right-Wing is alive and well in Ameica. We must remain vigilant and speak against evil, mindful of what they hope to achieve.
it appears extremists are alive and well in Oregon as they have held many rallies free speech yes! violence hateful symbolism no!
Maya Angelou "when someone shows you who they are believe them the first time"  Trump is same person who came down that escalator 2 yrs ago
I hope you, your fellow Dems, and any Republicans with a moral compass impeach him. #ImpeachTrump
True words!
Good point.  How does a rational mind work to get rid of the likes of you?
Trump is a distraction, behind the circus, GOP still on board with country wrecking bills. Stay focused.
I'm teally worried about this privatization of our armed forces idea floating around vis Eric Prince. Whatever happened to cituzen soldiers?
INCREASE the pressure!!
Thufferin thuckatash Ron
@CarriereMatt Just a bully like DT. Shame on you.
I see you're not too concerned about a Senator statements about Trump getting assassinated. If this was reverse you'd be sh!!ting your pants
Nobody with a half a brain believes your feigned outrage.
Cool story jowls.
Trump showed us who he really was while he was campaigning, but people either refused to believe it, or accepted it? smh

#GorkaNext
Yes we do. Especially since it's apparent no one in Congress is going to do anything to rid us of @realDonaldTrump #Complicit
How about we ask congress to declare war on NA8s
Unless and until your strategy changes (to restoring proper jury trials, expanding "jury nullification of law", etc), you'll keep losing.
#ImpeachTrumpNow #ResignTrump
Bannon isn't gone until security is revoked and he is ushered out w/o return privileges. He's just gonna do Trump propaganda w/Mercers now.
Agreed
When are you going to disavow your violent AntiFA terrorists. You're just marching right along w the lying MSM. GOOSE STEPPING NAZI
You sir a fool.
Agreed!  #ImpeachXLV 

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B074VLMH6S 

#NoSheepHere  #Integrity #Responsibility #WeThePeople
Run for president.
True this.  Believe their actions more than their words, er....words that were written for them.
Bannon is gone officially - He srill has the presidential ear and fueling THAT mouth.
Pressure on Trump? Are you serious?
Yep by whining and crying about it in his office. Of course in a safe space with about 50 safety pin on. LMBO
The impeached the guy after me.

Just saying.
Bannon was w/drumpf for a year. Don't kid yourself drumpf hasn't changed. He couldn't stand Bannon in the spotlight. #ImpeachTrump #Resist
yes you have both you and the monument to slavery the Democratic party needs to go.
No truer words Senator
and get the psychopath Pence? Is that better?
Thank you for your leadership in keeping 45 checked and balanced!
Just what do you think he is doing? He is not doing a darn thing sweetheart.
Not gonna happen.America voted for Trump.no matter how hard u try with continually trying to defame our president it's not going to work.
He probably put her up to it ! Pathetic hater .. Wyden doesn't care about country. Just power & $$$$ he gets from it ! VILE !!
Yes. Tell me what you are doing and how I can help. (Yes I will keep doing this until I get a reply)
Move back to wherever you gentrified from
I'm from here. Thanks for playing.
Your fault they moved here!
I have no idea what you are talking about.
And that is the problem
Whatever dude. You replied to something that had nothing to do with you. Later.
You're the problem
