I so hate the stupidity of the loser left.
Just wow. Well look in the mirror and then you really hate...stupid will be looking right back at you.
Oh, dear! It appears Cassie has blocked me. What did I say?
U r a far left jealous liberal.

Why are Democrats not requesting Trump's tax returns first? TRUMP'S TAX RETURNS BEFORE ANYTHING PASSED!
I agree we should be able to see his taxes and see If the tax reform actually benefits him
Trump was private citizen, do not need to see his taxes. 

He’s donating federal salary, nothing else to see.
Yea we know. He doesn't play by same ethics as others. Even tho he said he would release his taxes, which then were uner audit, which then
displayed to Press as gjant stack of papers. Mr Ethics would release his taxes unless he's got something to hide. No other reason not to.
HRC, Obama, Schumer, Pelosi get audited?

Strange that IRS targets only conservatives.
Dude really
We know the answer - IRS only targets conservatives.
I now you wer trying to tell samthn your gentleman 
Ron you must invoke those with  integrity to file motion to impeach Trump, before his demendamaging talks and tweets distort USA.
You liberals are so upset about your loss u think inventing lies helps u? Please u need to work on your party
And those 63MM Americans who voted for Trump are going to get screwed by Tax Reform.  Read the GOP Tax Plan.  The average worker is only getting a promise that increased corporate profitability from Tax Cuts will lead to higher wages.  Donors win u don't.
doners -----> donors.  #dumbass
I hope so because an upper middle class Oregonian gets slaughtered.
Says a man from a party that cheated one of their own out of the POTUS nomination, yeah we believe U, lol
Trump is working for us for free. And he puts up with a lot of crap for no money
Tr is taking salary, donating it to organization of HIS choice, and likely deducting it. Deduction puts a portion right back in his pocket.
Really....because you had seen it before any the Republicans had? Who would have known that you're omniscient?!??!
First time for everything....
You don’t know how to tell the truth
wake up Ronald
Idiot left wing liar.
#VoodooEconomics!!!  Trump will personally save $100 Millions!!!!
Thank you! @RonWyden. I am trying to make sense of all the flip/flops. Please continue to investigate.
While you’re telling the truth, let’s talk about your special relationship with plutocrat @sjcloobeck
A congrats to @RonWyden is in order, he just won #CorporateShill of the month. How much does Nevada time share slum lord @sjcloobeck pay you to do his bidding? Start representing Oregon instead of oligarc…
Please stand with your people of Oregon honestly. Support Mr Trump. He is a truth teller. Gods hand is in this.
@RonWyden Thank you so much for your help and honesty!  We sincerely appreciate you Senator.
Oh really I bet it goes right down the Democrat party line, which starts with a lie and ends in even more lies.
@realDonaldTrump If you’re going to screw Americans over with this tax bill, at least have the courtesy to FINALLY share your records.
When has he...?
Why not talk about the back deals being made for Americans to subsidize California NY debt!!!! Stop illegals from breaking America!
The Truth about Trumps Tax plan.. is to make Himself Richer and all of his buddies.
But he's not taking the salary! #lmao #fuckTrump
Tr is "taking" salary, donating it to organization of HIS choice, and likely deducting it. Deduction puts a portion back in his pocket.
Good point
In the picture he looks like a pimp in a whorehouse.
Help us..  I'm scared.. please 
stop belive lies democrat tell tax reform even washington post call their lies out.
And GOP are better???? Bwuhahaha  Democrats have done more to help middle-class. GOP just for the rich.
Has he ever actually told the truth?..and him making a tax plan for America, downright scary with his track record if bankruptcy..
.... AND WE ALL REMEMBER & APPRECIATE IT!!!
Most middle America prop taxes are under 10k so we get the write off, we also get to keep 75% of our income. Jealous Ron? No wonder U resist
"But notice the funny thing about this calculation: Only a small percentage (6.5 percent) of the nearly 122 million households in the bottom
three quintiles will actually face a tax increase. Meanwhile, more than 97 million (80 percent) will receive
You democrat lying and even Washington post called party lies at Wyden so give it up it you that lieing.
@RonWyden you continue to be an embarrassment to our great State and to the country. I am sure you still think Hillary is OK in your book..
Senator Wyden, Please do all you can to stop this historic attack on the middle class and poor. The R’s have no shame in pandering to the 1%
well, well you DIMMS gat 4 Pinocchios for your talk about the tax plan !!! support it !!
Stinking liar! Fact check by Washington Post shows Dems are lying about tax proposal! Obama made corporations ship jobs out of US
You have no room to talk. How much did you launder with Clinton kickbacks? The truth is being exposed now.
Nobody likes you ron don
Please recommend charges   against Clinton brought to Justice, break the.mold. set new trend . Unify Oregonians
a simple way 2 figure out whats up with draft dodger trump. every time he says something is 'great,' you can be assured that its terrible.
You are lying through your teeth.  Why are the dems such a destructive party.  It has already been shown the dems are dishonest by Donna B.
The top tax rate under this plan is higher than the 35% top rate you proposed in 2010. And you wanted the get rid of all itemized deductions

Plan leaves the top tax rate on individuals unchanged at 39.6%.  https://www.wsj.com/articles/republicans-stick-with-big-corporate-tax-cuts-in-house-bill-1509629510 …
lucky to have you thanks
He hasn’t released it yet. He delayed because of terrorist attack.
GROTESQUE PICTURE Trump looking at you makes me sick.
If this were true, wouldn’t you want him to move forward with it for the mere fact it would result in Republican backlash next year?

Who will be the next Trump insider to abruptly resign?
Humm, even other democrats admit it's not complete yet?? Are you a mind reader or just plain ass lying??
Have you heard that @realDonaldTrump has lied 1300 times in office? @jeffsessions has perjured himself twice. You are WEAKNESS Itself.
Isn't it illegal for Scott Lloyd, ORR,  to kidnap a 16yr old refugee because she wanted an abortion? Rachael Maddow reported  tonight
Ron, don't you know that no one believes a word from a Democrat . NO ONE!!
same day @BobSMueller leaks Podesta @JacobAWohl exposes Mueller Benefited From MADOFF Ponzi Schemes @AGSchneiderman
Trump's Tax Plan is a massive giveaway to the wealthy. It will add $ Trillions to the national debt which will be paid for by our children!
But it is ok with you that Obumer added 10 trillion (that is known of)—that your grandchildren won’t be able to pay off
If you believe that we can’t pay off the existing national debt then why would you support Trump adding to it?
Very Very Frustrated with committee!  All of you must get act together for our safety!! End the corruption.
R Maddow this eve; DON'T let him coerce incoming State Prosecutors! This is "in your face" Corruption of highest degree!! You MUST stop him!
YOU don't even know what the tax plan is, BUT you are against it....DIMMS are SO transparent.
Dirt bag wyden I press charges against you it's very very very very dam true your gonna go to fed prison ....
Hey, have you seen this? Its disgusting. These ppl are forcing their way onto private property. Plz speak out!
This is what authoritarianism looks like 
Please join @SenJohnMcCain to save #BillBrowder.  @realdonaldtrump is trying to get him killed.  Revoked his visa this weekend!
As someone who has preached equality, why haven’t you proposed a flat tax? You’re not a hypocrite are you?
YOU SOUND LIKE FAKE NEWS. SAD.
Liar in Chief
Please also share this with your followers https://www.needtoimpeach.com  Please watch video, sign, and forward to others. We must do something NOW
#WeThePeople
https://www.needtoimpeach.com/ 
Tell them, "Look at Kansas!" Job growth destroyed, contracted revenue and services, education in the toilet. An abject failure. Go, Ron!
Stop belive dems lies even washington post call lying dems out now and your wrong tax reform create jobs
"Growth Fairy" is cute. "LOOK AT KANSAS" is better.
Oh! He’s telling the truth!  The tax plan is aimed at the middle class paying for he and his buddies tax breaks
Gold-plated tinpot despot.
every American wants tax cuts  , better vote fr it ,it will help middle class .no tax on first 12,000 and 24 (married )That helps a lot!!!
He is telling the truth. And just try to win elections on stoping tax cuts to the middle class ,you think any1 will believe you they won't .
Stop hating your own president just because he beat the queen of all lies. Move on already you lost its ok. We the people couldn't b happier
And who will listen your children ,wife maybe ,and what 20-30 people tops ?? I don't think it'll matter much. The little engine that can't.
You are not an economist 
You don't represent me
Why Democrat doesn't act strongly and forcefully about Trump TAX RETURN first. then after, go and make tax plan!
Cassie is a troll
Nothing 45 says is truthful
Everything @realDonaldTrump says it truthful but you have been sold a bag of lies by the Left!!
you would not know what truth was if it smacked you in the head your on a witch hunt dancing for the main Witch you all worship Hilary
That's the truth.
Milton Friedman advocated for a negative income tax & pharmacological freedom. Addiction, Sisyphus, & 911 are still all myths. #Distraction
Will U listen to TRUTH from your own organization representing 9M Americans abroad?  http://bit.ly/2yuK69B  Citizen tax is #disgusting
Wait, you telling the truth?  How about, tax cuts equal less money for you to waste!  Maybe the gov will learn to manage resources better

#RussiaGate #russiansanctions #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ObamaLegacy #clintonfoundation #clintoncrimefamily #MAGA #Trumptrain #orpol #orleg https://twitter.com/LarrySchweikart/status/920276591225143296 …
LET'S SEE YOUR EVIDENCE,  OTHER THAN  THAT
YOUR FULL OF BULLSHIT,  AS USUAL.
I love it when Dems claim they are ‘the truthtellers’, it’s as if they think we’ve forgotten we ‘could keep our dis& will save$2500
Its apparent U haven't forgotten. It's one of the only TWO talking points that U constantly bring up.
Nobody should have forgotten,all the Dems had2do was create a pool for the30mill uninsured&high risk&leave the rest alone#ItWasAboutControl
Umm u just showed everyone that U dont know what ur talking about. no wonder u hide your face
I don’t G? Really? Tell me what I wrote that was wrong...and please, be specific
Specifically, U think u can make a claim that U DID NOT research and all of a sudden it's true. OCARE was not set up to hurt ppls pockets
AgainGee, all it did was make those who paid for their insurance have to go ‘hat in hand’ 2the go to help them pay.
Dem politicians count on the continued laziness&stupidity of their base. 1 day the base will tire of being disrespected & the party will die
OK thanks Danny
Yeah, because u were so honest when u Dems foisted that ‘big fking deal’ Obamacare on us that has failed after only 7 short yrs.
wow you DIMMS need some NEW talking points, they didn't work last election and will not work now
your a liar

Trump isn't telling the truth about ANYTHING!!
At some point, you have the courage to link Trump the "CON ARTIST" with his #TrumpTaxScam
Lying is his stock & trade
@Khanoisseur 
As most of us suspected, Trumps Tax Overhaul will not benefit middle class, will benefit Trump & rich by millions.
Shocker. BLOTUS not telling the truth. Wow!
Wrong democrats lying shocker is the washington post which not conservative at all is even call democrat out
Why are @GOP and everyone else covering for DT and his unfitness? WHAT are they afraid of! We see how this works! Look to HW complicit cover
it isn't even a proposal YET and you DIMMS are already trashing it.... why not wait for SOME FACTS PRIOR  to your TIRED OLD TALKING PTS
Ron what specifically are you doing to get this wannabe dictator out of office?
Truth from congress would be a REAL reason to celebrate.
Democrat not know tell truth if bite them even washington post is call out dems like taxes reform.
@SenJeffMerkley @RonWyden @RepBonamici So here is your alarmist tax increase on around 8M of 122M earning $86K. Why lie about it?
We're getting poorer and they're getting richer and there are people who don't care!!!
Trump isn't telling truth about anything.
No senator you are NOT telling the truth
just let Mr. Trump to perform his Job,  and I am sure you always tell the truth
Step Down Wyden, your a Deemoncrate who doesn’t know what he is doing by blocking every thing good for all Americans.
why block, because you CRY when you hear the truth??  Nothing will get done if KIBERALS keep blocking, obstructing
Get a life and stop taxing portland. Your making everyone poor
How about you tell us the truth about Hillary Clinton's crimes? Bc your not interested in truth just bogus info like Russia.
@RonWyden Do your job or step down!!!
@BarackObama stole from every American when he decided to deduct from our tax refund if we did not purchase his #FailedObamacare .
Dem's like yourself is the reason our Healthcare & tax system is failing. @POTUS  has done everything to get Healthcare & tax reform passed.
Blaa blaa blaa
shut up lier...you are wors ethen him,bet you wont stay in senate for 35 years....or get rich. nope. idiots run country....yup senate=
If I were a rich man,
Daidle needle daidle,
Daidle daidle deedle dawdle dumb.
All day long I’d kissy Dotard’s bum,
For such a sweet tax plan
Dotard's heirs save $4 BILLION in death taxes. Prove us wrong. Where are his promised filed tax returns? Oh, right, they’re with Mueller.
Do you actually know truth anymore?
You played your cards when you said "resist"         I do not believe you !!
Trump couldn't recognize the truth if it owed him money..
U and ur Congressional buddies are responsible for legislation not the president. Stop ur lies, puppet and get to work.
Well isn't that just a big ole surprise!
DT lies....again and again and again!
I'm listening, but I think I heard it some where.  Oh yea, the rank and file obstructionist (well funded by G Soros) Democrats.
get your hand out of my pocket...
25th amendment time. Please we all need your leadership. #25thamendment
Come on Senator, be honest.  

A family of four that uses the standard deduction will not lose 4,900 in benefits.
They have 4,900 more in taxable income.  That isn't even close to honest to say tax benefits.
He doesn’t tell the truth about anything. UnAmerican Ungodly Human Filth. Treason

Democrats Praise Tom Price’s Resignation Over Flights, Remain Silent On Robert Menendez https://trib.al/Rx0NxrI 
I'm sick of all you liberals always so busy bashing our President instead of listening to him. You never listen Take your opinions elsewhere
NO POLITICIANS WILL EVER BE TRUTHFUL AND GIVE THEIR PORK BARREL !! WYDEN YOU ARE DELUSIONAL AND SHOULD. SEEK EMERGENCY MEDICAL HELP !!
WYDEN YOU BEING TRUTHFUL?
haha haha. What a fukin joke!!
I'm from Oregon. Wyden has been a long-term running joke here.
RonWyden, you are a very angry democrat who is putting out false information!  Instead of fake information, why don't you and dems help USA.
What U R going to tell the truth....that sounds like you have been lying.  Or U / Dems have a tax plan to talk about.....  Which is it
WH gave Maddow his 2005 returns.  Based on 2005, a real news publication said he would've saved @ leadt $1 Billion.  So the same thing 2017
You libtard from Oregon stop lying. You are showing your stupidity really
Don't you think you should get it written first ranking member of the Seate Finance Committee?
Dad makes $90k Mom makes $90k YET @RonWyden Paycheck pays 1/2 of #SS  #medicare Taxes than 2 #taxpayers that make $180K,#Fair? OR #THEFT
Let me guess, all you folks screaming for trumps tax returns filed using the short form and claimed no deductions what so ever. Hypocrites!
You stand 4 communism. AMERICA will NEVER allow u to make it so. U have lied & painted yourselves into a corner. Ur only hope is tax reform.
Oh please tell oh wise one.....
Pretty much knew he was lying. Dead giveaways: 1) multiple "believe me"s 2) he was talking. @POTUS lies about everything.
McCain & fellow senate brothers have Cadillac plan & gave us  "0" plan.a true #rino to end,A keating 5 #FRAUDSTER  https://twitter.com/Will_Woodman/status/911344722521735168 … …
Traitor McCain!! Drain the SWAMP!! @SenJohnMcCain https://twitter.com/SusanStormXO/status/911278652200857600 …
wydentard......
The #Trump lies would fill my county dump. @POTUS & crew are hoping for a big tax cut hidden in with that "Middle Class Miracle."
Ha ha, Ron Wyden is going to tell the truth?  Isn't he a democrat? We have heard their lies...for 8 years, nothing but lies.
KUDOS! Speak out - we're right beside you and grateful for your efforts. Let's stop this anti-98%-of-us tax plan!
What is that "gold" stuff behind him? Leftover chrome from an 80's Pimpmobile?
Thank you @RonWyden !!!
Trump has the nation in LiarTraining. The idea is that we 
Will all meet again in Liar Purgatory.
#LoL #MAGA
you tube story " Story Behind National Anthem "
https://youtu.be/bC18F9mOhsY 
Ok Ron you need a little of this.
2018 #VoteDemocrat
If he is telling lies does that mean he is a democrat
So what's the Dems plan? You don't have one you're too busy creating division in the US
Trump administration is executing a middle-class con job with their tax scam.
The man is so tacky.
Nooooo could it be that Donald lies?
Same old, same old. Been doing this for 40 years instead of making positive solutions.
He is working for just a dollar salary. What's yours Wyden??? Who are you sold out to. It's not America.
What if it's the Congress plan, the people's plan?
Trump is a conniving scum bag- he wants to divide our country not unite us. Worst president on the planet! Liberals are NOT jealous.survival
This photograph says it all! I thought I was looking at @VladimirPutin! @POTUS & his parade of Millionaires R executing a #MiddleClassConjob
Dotard45 never tells the truth , he is delusional and showing signs of dementia
Oh please don't give them a mental health excuse. It will possibly get him off without doing any jail time.
omg He thinks he is Louis XVI!
We don't believe you.  We believe that you don't want to lower middle class taxes. You want to support voters who getfree stufffrom taxpayer
I am trump. Read my lies. I lie to make America love me. And America is as dumb as sheep so I am the king of America. Love  you sheep.
Senators shouldn't use emojis in they're tweets.
Let's ask that trump should only be allowed one government twitter account with adult supervision at all times to keep America safe
looks like he's sitting in a tsar's palace.
You lie all the time!
Thanks for all you do,  Senator Wyden!⚘
