What are you doing to stop him? It is time to ban him from the presidency
you would if you thought it would get you a vote.
Ron, soldiers that cant figure out their genital situation are a bad risk for taxpayer $ but u already knew that. Us vs Them It's all u got
From a parent of a transgender child, and a Wyden alum, thank you. Discrimination hurts the Homeland. Let's see POTUS in court on this.
It's not about transgender, it's the medical cost and interruption.  Over weight, health problems  etc. Can't serve.  Not discrimination
And yet none of his Generals said that or requested the change. It was about political opportunism to get "Freedom Caucus" votes on bill.
Hiding your head in the sand will not make N Korea go away #coward #IdiotDems
You leftest turned the military into a big social experiment.   Trump is restoring the military.  You need to be voted out.
Did he do this to pander to his neo nazi buddies?
No.. maybe you should do some research on the phoney, politically motivated  charges the Obama D.O.J. brought against him. Don't be a fool.
wyden, you don't know who America is. It's not the obama era "who we are". It's 200+ years of moral high ground.
Stop giving this POTUS A PARDON.     IMPEACH HIM.
The U.S. military is not a Petrie dish for every half cocked progressive idea.
I do believe it was @BarackObama that played politics with and was trying to socially engineer our military.
Senator when will the powers that be stop this WH? American citizens are fed up & tired of the daily bombardment of corruption & destruction
but yet you support corrupt wyden. lived for years in New York while running for senate in Oregon.
Wake up Wyden.  Do your job and quit worrying about one pardon.
Yeah, lets burden the military with people who require hormone therapy, psych services and elective surgeries. Bet you backed Sequestration
dems do that way more than him. #Vetsbeforerefugees #bothpartiessuck
You don't give a sh*t about the military.  Pander to someone else.
You don't have a clue what America is about. You also do not care about the military you are not fooling anyone
He's not playing politics, Obama played Politics by trying to lift the ban to begin with.
Oh that's very funny. LOL. How you gonna know who to attack if you don't know to which bathroom to go
Ken and Barbie are much simpler for you. America strategy is best left to the generals and brighter people. You are just not that bright.
You don't speak for me Wyden. Your views are extremist left wing
So you openly prefer anti American communist Muslim brotherhood fraud like Odummer who pardoned murderers? Get out. You are unfit.
#ImpeachTrump
You taking our rights to protect our families is worse. 2nd amendment
This is exactly who America is or the N. Korea swarms will go thru us like crap through a goose!
all you've done is play politics. you care more about getting reelected than you do about the citizens of this country
Really Ron? Seems you like both sides of the fence! How about some follow threw.....FREE THE HAMMONDS
Diabetics and asthmatics can't serve for he same reason. Going to cry over them.idiot
You Are Wrong. As normal.
Why should he have the final say about it?
The last 8 years of Obama and you made us less safe.  Trump is increasing our status in the world militarily and making us safer.
Keep fighting the good fight Oregon needs you so do the rest of us!!
He is endangering ALL OF OUR TROOPS ABROAD and here AT HOME with these divisive "bans". STOP HIM!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
More Liberal lies and propaganda form Lying Ron Wydhole
Playing politics with our tax dollars does not seem to offend you.
Oh!  That's right!  Your family were runners....
Obama played politics with the military. Set the record straight.
Ron,

This is who America is. 

Our president pardoned a racist dirty cop while a hurricane threatens our people. 

This is Trumps America.
You are correct and what about sherriff joe.
Siiigh
The transgender issue is coming from Vice Pres Pence you know!
Thank you for speaking truth to power, senator!
This coming from a draft dodging p*ssy who is a Russian TRAITOR!
I call on #Congress to be the leadership lacking from the executive. Split up and work on #TransMilitaryBan and #Harvey! BREAK #Dems #GOP
playing your own agenda politics w/Oregon makes us less safe/less free. This isn't who we are! #MAGA #PDX #ByeRon
No it does not at all and you know that it does not.
It certainly does.  You can only speak for yourself.
Are you crazy?  Transgender is too new.  Too early to put into critically strategic positions.  Think this through!
Obama pardoned cocaine dealers & 1 killed an innocent USA citizen.  Citizens can't afford to pay 4 trans' surgery & down-time to rest.
Then call on people to not join the Armed Forces until the directive is dropped or until Trump is out of office.
Good idea!
DRAFT DODGER!!! 
I'm a good citizen, pay taxes, what should we do? Stop paying taxes, put it in a reserve account. What will stop this dictator Trump?

#ImpeachTrump before he kills us all with nuclear warfare
Wyden was fine with the policy for 7 years and 8 months during the Obama administration, but suddenly he's outraged by it. Okay.
