We will work harder. We will show up. We will speak out. @SenateGOP cannot hide from their constituents.
We will not stop until Republicans end this partisan process that will make health care worse. #trumpcare
It's criminal what happening with our health care system
Thank you so much for fighting for us! If DonTcare passes, it'll be a disaster for me personally.
It's called spreading the wealth. Obamacare did that to me 7 years ago.
You don't understand how insurance works, do you? It's not sharing the wealth, it's sharing the risk. ALL insurance works that way
You don't understand a metaphor do you?  The "wealth" that I was referring to was the misery that was/is Obamacare.
I deal with reality. That "misery" gave 35 mil more people access to health care, including people like me. You want to talk misery? /1
Try having to choose between paying rent or buying necessary medications.
I raised nine children, why don't you educate me on how to make ends meet
I've had to live on less than $1000 a month more often than not & am currently job hunting worth non in book me at all. I probably could.
Maybe u should work over the 4th too, as you work for us.  Be a part of the solution to fix or shut up with your comments
THIS IS why we in grassroots Progressives CANNOT let up, we must continue the struggle, CALL(202 224 3121), KNOCK PROTEST SIT DOWN STAND UP
I call and call but the voicemail boxes are full.
I've experienced the same, try calling at different times, if you call the Senate Switchboard 202 224 3121 follow the prompts
People no longer being forced to purchase a policy they don't want is not "taking away health insurance."
ACA mandate is gone but there is a mandate that requires you to pay a hefty Reinsurance fee to the Ins. Co if you reinstate after lapse
Which has nothing to do with the fact that there are millions who will no longer buy expensive insurance they can't use.
BUT if they get sick or decide to opt back in - it'll be too expensive. The mandate to BUY back in is hefty
That dude needs a life. NOT 22,000,000 lives.
I don't want the ACA or trumpcare. Your 22 million without health insurance is BULLSH!T. stop the fake rhetoric. Release your tax returns!!!
What constructive impute are you providing?  
Wouldn't that be better than these ridiculous one liners?!
You're complaining about one liners on *Twitter*? Dude, do you even Internet?
@SmithingChick @Dmann1937 @RonWyden
But you won't you'll be to busy whining and telling half truths
Good...
Lies.  The senior embarrassment from Oregon continues to push Dem talking points (lies) about healthcare.
"Work".?!!!

Right.  Sure.
That's what he calls it, huh?
It's called bribery in my line of work.
My hands are dirty at the end of the day bc working to take care of my kids.
His hands are dirty bc lining his pockets with bloodmoney.
Here's a handy summary of highlights from the CBO score.
Yep, should have been left alone to begin with. Can't put the toothpaste back in the tube.
He is such a hard working fellow.  Doesn't change the fact that he is a poor excuse for a human being.
#fakenews. They still have access.  Nothing's been "taken away".
Keep up the great work  You make Oregon proud 
Well, that makes one of you.
I lost my healthcare under the ACA and you didn't say sh@t then. So please shut up now. Thanks.
It warms my heart to see Mitch floundering so!
Disgusting!  Dems must fight.
Ocare required insurance. W/o penalty, 22m will quit what they don't want/can't afford. That's not throwing people off coverage.
Insurance for those who want insurance, interesting concept.
Yes the health care bill will pass simply because the U.S. government is corrupt.
We should be fair to him. It's probably the first time in his life he's ever even considered working over a holiday.
Thank you for fighting for what is right.
You on Obamacare Ron?
Bribing and threatening senators to get his way.
Thank you for being my Senator!
Keep fighting Senator, we're standing with you in Oregon.
I will take the under on the 22mm.  #termlimits
How patriotic of him.
#SinglePayerNow !
Then 22 million #Resistance Americans will work to make sure that doesn't happen! Stand up to @GOP and fight!
The irony of the 4th of July and McConnell working like hell to erase President Obama's legacy.  FYI, Obama's legacy will NOT BE ERASED.
Yep & making what $3 million worth of back door deals?
Hey Wyden keep the witch hunt going on Russia
27 million Americans don't have ins. under O Care THANKS TO YOU & the Dem's. Who are YOU trying to fool? #Unhinged & twisted Dem.
Do something to stop him then
Thomas Jefferson died on 4th of July, 1826. Hopefully he'll haunt McConnell w/ his support of govt run healthcare:
John Adams died on 4th of July, 1826. Hopefully he'll haunt McConnell w/ images of his socialized insurance mandate
McConnel needs to be voted out next year.
You mean he will threaten and harras all the no vote senators
Yes, Yes, Yes.
Which of your three pricey homes will you be spending the 4th? I know you won't be working except to obstruct.
Do whatever you can, Senator.  Supporting you from here in Molalla!
Keep fighting Ron! Oregon is proud of you.
What flavor is the kool aid today?
Nothing like a holiday celebrating our freedom to figure out how to eff over millions upon millions.
Pence is having dinner with the undecided, tomorrow. Think he has anything to sweeten the deal? Those Russian oligarchs have tons of bucks
What can we Oregonians do??
That's nice. 
Probably threatening OR bribing.
Nothing is below him.
#TRAITOR #SwampThing
#youjustcantmakethisshitup
Does @SenateMajLdr have children? grandkids?
Does he love them?
Does he care about their wellbeing?
Does Mitch have a heart?
Does it beat?
sickening
Let's pray he sees the light!
He is such a Patriotic kinda turtle!!!
Mr. Wyden, I am an Oregonian living in Sweden, pls, demand single payer for my former neighbors. They deserve it b/c health is a right.
What is your tax rate in Sweden?
Happy congress is actually working. Not happy on what they are working on. We are screwed.
He's the devil!!
Keep fighting the good fight!
Yes well there's a big payday for the criminal drug runner McConnell!
HAHHA BUS has arrived to pick up the scum - Republicans for an afternoon beer. Billionaires attending, with cheques in hand.
Did you actually read the bill or the CBO report? Those losses are primarily from people CHOOSING not to participate. #politicsasusual #lies
I heard @mitchellreports that Gov may offer Goodies to different Senators to VOTE YES!!? WOW IS THIS POSSIBLE?
Makes me full of anquish
Thank you, Sen. @RonWyden & team! We'll keep up the fight together.
Happy Independence Day!!
Translates to enjoying his holiday
Hey Ron, stop whining and put a stop to this.  Shouldn't you have some leverage over at least 3 GOP colleagues at this point in your career?
Wouldn't Mitch McConnell's cloven hooves qualify as a pre-existing condition?

Keep up your good work.  Don't let this be like the horror film where the monster rises up after the doomed hero turns away!
The world is with you
Not on your watch!
how patriotic...
Too bad @SenateMajLdr doesn't work as hard to HELP the people he supposedly represents.
Democrats should schedule lots of #TownHalls during the breaks and go to districts where Republicans are afraid to have townhalls. #SAVEACA
Thank you so much, Senator. Keep fighting to protect us from the Republican deathcare plan. Much  & support from rural Eastern Oregon.
Mom always said...Do what you love! 
And we the people will keep calling the WH, Senators, Congress to stop this travesty.
makes us all even on the hate meter.
Working vacation, God bless
What a patriot.
Hope he does or it won't fly
Sweet land of liberty indeed.
