This sabotage will cost families dearly. Expected to raise premiums by double digits in just a few months.
Then stop trying to sabotage this administration that is trying to fix the mess you fools made! the ACA obamacare is NOT constitutional !
@realDonaldTrump and the @gop have been working on Healthcare. What have you done?  You could have made a difference. Why are we paying you?
Obamacare tripled premiums & deductibles are $12k/yr BEFORE any benefits. You & your Democrat pals Own this train wreck.
Premiums were, on average, rising slower under ACA than before, until Trump and Repubs started to sabotage it.
BULLSHIT !!
If you say so. I'll defer to you, rather than the folks who conducted studies on this very matter.
You'd be better off .  I've no vested interest in lying . Like the ACA supporting Liberals ..
Fox News Poll
BREAKING! 60% want to keep #Obamacare and make it better (33% prefer to throw out & start over) @FoxNews #Poll  http://fxn.ws/2uJTLrS  
How many wanted Ocare in the beginning? Anyone consider us ? REPEAL NOW!!
No Ron. People will actually die
So we should continue down the path you created?
1,332 Counties Will Only Have One Health Insurer on Obamacare Exchange in 2018 http://buff.ly/2uN2pof  #itsworking #hcr 
That's mostly because states with Republicans governors/legislators have blocked access/payments/etc.
His main  - lofty  - goal is to undo what Obama achieved.
I keep saying to leave Obamacare alone. It's the only way for the GOP to sweep next elections. Dems have no solution to their disaster.
But they didn't "leave it alone." They've actively worked to block ACA whenever and wherever they could. Rising premiums are on @GOP hands.
Lol. Did u keep ur doctor and insurance? Universal healthcare will never work anyway. It's run by governments.
In supporting the bill in this video, ur gambling with 1 of our most basic n important freedoms...the 1st amendment.
Plus won't win points with majority.
To my dear Senator, keep up the good work.
Gee you were not this self righteous, when Obamacare destroyed our Healthcare system. Selling Policies people cannot afford to use is what?
He's a killer, Senator. Why won't you all say that Republicans are engaged in premeditated mass murder of the American people?
Are you as ignorant as this tweet sounds ?
NO that would be what you and your partners in crime have been doing. He wouldn't have to take such drastic action 1
If you and the rest of the democrat obstructionists worked for the American people instead of for your tantrum throwing selves. Grow up! 2
Your vote for the Failed #ACA Which destroyed Millions of American Family's Budgets. And you think that is good. We do not
do not think this is good. But bills they came up with would make things even worse. Sad but true. Tell them to do better.
As if the hot air you are exhaling isn't trying to do the same thing
Oh we're feeling it Ron!
Did Chucky tell you to say that?
The last thing Trump is, is petty.  What Demos won't do to get free stuff.
Not only their pocket books but their very existence if they can not afford to protect their health!
Ron what about the Medicaid fraud in Oregon?  How do you plan to pay it back.
Speaking of which: this is disgusting and a misappropriation of funds by @HHSGov. https://www.youtube.com/hhs 
Is anyone suing, Price, that animal?!
OHHH, obamacare hit Americans pocket books like a wrecking ball? YOU & the insurance industry colluded 2 fleece Americans of their money!
He generally speaks in "political" terms - he's got no compass with regards to others
Trump doesn't give a flying about health care or he would have been in town shaking hands and making phone calls. #altgov #resist
Who cares is Mike Pence and Mitch McConnell, both of whom are propagating the GOP lie that ACA is failing.  #altgov #theresistance #resist

Hey #johnmccain & #ronwyden (Mr #facelift) volunteer to use #Obamacare  if it is so AWESOME #MAGA http://bit.ly/2wdRDVX  via @BreitbartNews
You are responsible for this mess.  The fact that the ACA will fail exposes your incompetence.  All of you lied and should be removed
Your message would be credible if you were not guilty of the same thing you are complaining about
You can not be that obtuse!?! UR gambling with people's livelihood. Congress NOT a small business. Fix that first. #notMySenator #turnORred
Not just their pocketbooks.  This affects their lives. For some people, their healthcare is the only thing between them and death.
The irony - his base says they will support him until they see his legislation. But he can't pass any legislation.
For those of us with disabled kids it will hit more than pocketbooks...but re the money it will cost a LOT more in the long run
ACA is a Dems problem. U made it. U wanted it. U got it.
You know Obamacare is a loser! You did nothing for the past eight years to fix it? You are the ultimate in hypocrisy!!!
It will also sicken and kill real Americans.
Call it TRUMPCARE! Calling it Obamacare causes too many easily triggered Kool Aid drinkers to reach through their haze to bitch.
Moderate Republican Voters Are Now Calling Themselves Independents And Deserting The Republican Party
Gonna take away your Obozocare subsidy.  Then you can pay like all other taxpayers.
Gonna hit YOUR pocketbook.
Where is our plan?
Trump can't get the Koch bros their giant tax cut for the super rich w/o gutting health care for the poor.
Thats like blaming the townspeople for being unable to kill Dr. Frankenstein"s monster.
No, you are sir. You are.
Oh blow it Senator.  What do you know about American's pocketbooks. You don't even bother to live in the state of the ones you represent.
Thank you President Obama
That was 2009  Our premiums are 6.5x's as much for higher deductible and 3x's higher co-pay  Thanks Dems
No that was done in 2009 my Obama and it harmed me and continues to ... Please be truthful
Wow talk about painting the kettle black Ron
Going to support #medcareforall ?
Wrong. Dems are to blame for obstructing Americans ability to move forward.
The question is, who will he score points with?  All polls show that the majority of citizens favor improving the ACA, not abolishing it.
Believe us. He doesn't care.
He doesn't care about people's healthcare.  He only cares about getting a win-
He's putting together a COUP. HELP
Obamacare itself was one huge, failed, expensive, political gamble. Trump is attempting to stop the hurt.
You already gambled with my health care to score political points & hit me in the pocketbook. I was forced into a network & pay double now.
Aw, c'mon, Ronnie, you have cocktails with these guys after a long day of lying, right?
Can't be worse then what Obama care is doing
How does it score political points when it has 17% public support? Feels like it's just out of spite for a popular, black, successful prez.
Exactly!
Congress should be required to have the same healthcare they force on their constituents. #NoExemption
We need a campaign to make sure we get Trump & Republicans tattooed on everything we can see. Make commercials, videos, whatever we can do.
Trump is small & petty and has "stolen" from many American pocketbooks in his long illustrious biz career
Pocketbooks and LIVES!
I'm an American and Obamacare is hitting my pocketbook. Hard.
For Trump/Ryan, healthcare cuts provides $ to offset HUGE TAX CUTS of $55,000/yr for WEALTHY.   Haven't poor elderly lives long enough?
So now it is "small & petty"  to hit pocketbook when your own is impacted???  Welcome to our world.
Oh we will be hitting back!
Then get busy and fix it..your premium is paid by us..maybe it will get you motivated to fix rather than just whine.
How do we fight back now?  How can we get ahead of this new plan?
Feel like your own health insurance in jeopardy?...Welcome to our world.  I am paying fir your and mine..get busy and fix this mess.
And this?
https://www.axios.com/aca-marketplace-insurers-2443470064.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=infographic&utm_term=healthcare …

Try again, Ron.
