BREAKING: Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price resigns amid criticism of his travel on private planes.
Just because you resign doesn't mean you're off the hook. @SecPriceMD must pay back every penny the taxpayers paid for his private jets.
@realDonaldTrump won't hire someone better. 
Speaking of which,have you overpriced idiots decided to move on to another topic rather than HC
But will his replacement be worse?
Congressman spend all their time twitting BS! Y'all graduated kindergarten years ago. Get to work or go home!!!!!!
Didn't your colleagues confirm this guy, knowing he was ethically challenged? You are all to blame.
You mean like you, Pelosi, holder and Obama did?  Let's get that money back to!
That's never the Trump goal. He's worse than the nutria rats he hired to work in his swamp.
Mr Wyden, he doesn't know anyone like that.!!!!
Not you!!
No, it's time for Dems to DEMAND Trump's IMPEACHMENT, and don't stop demanding until it's done! All Dems, all day, every day. It will happen
You better make sure the only HC on the docket is SINGLE PAYER with CAPs on med, premiums& deductibles/& everyone eligible for HC.
NO TAXES!
This is why we need to get rid of all career politicians! Term limits must become mandatory. I'm positive U could find other guilty senators
Why start now?
Make him pay money back! !!!! And good riddance! !!
Would you want to work for his Admin?  Choices aren't as broad as we'd like them to be, mostly nitwits.
"Someone looking out for the taxpayer & the country."  That leaves out the Progressive Un-Democratic Party who abandoned the Constitution.
WHEN WILL YOU LEAD THE CHARGE TO STOP PINOCHET 2.0? Traitor Trump is working non-stop to destroy America! WHEN WILL YOU DEMAND IMPEACHMENT?
Not you!
Keep on this, Sen. Wyden - Price is not the only Girfter on the WH.
you mean like holder,lynch,and the obama appointees that were using private jets.where was that outrage ???..do i see a DOUBLE standard..
Fat chance of that happening #PuertoRico shows @realDonaldTrump  true colors. Black hearted thru & thru #ImpeachNow
Glad you said “should” cause that isn’t going to happen.
Should, but won't. Anyone looking out for the country is trying to get him removed
Like that will *ever* happen.
#GeneralStrike
#NationalWalkOut
#DonaldTrumpURFired
What decent person in his right mind would want to work for this administration?
That's not going to happen.
No not true. Trump should resign or be impeached.
One down, more to go. Pruitt and Zinke next.
@AP Amen!
Pretty sure the nominee you're hoping for would have to ride into town on a unicorn.
Now for the rest of them... next #FirePruitt
He'll probably replace him with somebody even worse.
In Egypt, the test for being a minister, is if u r rich & smartly corrupt, trump loves this test :)
Will you pay us back all of your expenses?  Show us what YOU have charged us taxpayers.
Like that will ever happen
Yes, and @NancyPelosi  also deserves scrutiny.
Bc that’ll happen.....
45's passing the buck is sleight of hand/ misdirection from his own corrupt abuse of tax payer's $. Donates pay VS. many Conflxs of Interest
Amen
So Tom Price is still going to reimburse us for his unnecessary travel expenses?  Right senator?
HAHAHAHA, uh, i mean, yes, of course, that would be the thing he would totally do because he is very in touch with the common person.
At least he wasn't guilty of insider trading. Oh wait. #grifteradministration
Are you kidding? dt himself doesn't look out for the taxpayer or the country, only himself & anyone who can be ofvadvantage to him.
Sure. When has Trump ever done anything for the American people? He didn't drain the swamp. He and his billionaires ARE the swamp.
They are mud wrestling in the swamp now.
Some liberal democrat no doubt
Senator, we love you, but this is too naive. His nominee will "look out for taxpayers" all right. Just as highwaymen look out for travelers.
Does he know anyone like that?
Cleaning house should keep going onto all you politicians who can't manage money.  That includes you.  Didn't hear a peep from you before
Why didn't u have a problem when Obama admn did it??? The people deserve better then you! Stand up for the people... not your party .
And who will uphold the #ACA which is the LAW
You've been living off of taxpayers $ for since 1981. Needs to nominate someone who has not had head stuck in public trough for 40 yrs
@RonWyden That would require some insight! He's incapable, in so many ways!
Why start now?
Sadly,that will never happen in the Trump Administration
Guess that leaves you out?????
problem those kind of ppl wouldn't be associated with Don The Con
You realize that is never going to happen, right? You can't teach an old dog new tricks. His only trick so far is to reward loyalty & $$.
What are you doing about #CHIP (Children’s Health Insurance Plan) funding expires tomorrow. 9 million CHILDREN will lose health insurance.
Oh? So what about the $400,000 he owes us? Free pass? Must be nice.
Trump doesn't know anyone with those qualifications.  @realDonaldTrump
That leaves you out Sen do NOTHING WYDEN
Don't hold your breath for that one, Ron.
#trump knows no such person. Who he knows are swindlers & cheaters & greedy people
Someone who loves people and will protect the welfare of those most vulnerable. I wonder if he’ll choose Milo Yiannopoulos? 
Oh, I think we know THAT won’t happen.  :(
HA!
Now that he "resigned " is he still on the hook for that million bucks?
And you know that is NEVER going to happen. He does not empty the swamp, he fills the swamp!
@AP Mueller should keep his nose to the grind and take Trump out before we have to deal with another grifter.
@gabino_58 Ahhh,,, yeah,,, Those just aren't in his " best people" mindset. Look @ the rest of his appointees. Sarcasm?
@AP If only. But that's not what Trump is all about. He's trying to kill all, destroy all.
Very wishful thinking. I doubt Trump even knows anyone with those qualifications.
Actually care, not pretend care.
you mean like you that got us in so much debt.
Trump cares about trump. That's it.
Yes, I am sure that is exactly what Trump will do.  Fool me 50 times...
Price's resignation was announced as Trump flew aboard Air Force One for another weekend at his golf club in New Jersey.  #irony
#RESISTANCE
Really?  Trump picked this guy 
What makes ya think he can get it right the 2nd time??
Or 3rd?
I agree, Ron, but who in Trump's orbit fits that description?
yes, but i truly doubt that will ever happen -
Jeez, have you seen who trump nominates? Dream on....
This miserable POTUS does nothing that is good for anyone but himself.
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION USED PRIVATE JETS MORE TIMES IN THE SAME TIME SPAN !! Simpletons .. get real !
but he won't
But wasn’t it Trump who gave Price the job in the first place?
Yea like another old rich white man ..fiscal Conservative..lmao
His expenses were approved by multiple agencies. All of it was cleared and ok’d.
Like that will happen.
Yeah right!
Wish we could get rid of Trump that easily.
You know if he picks anyone they'll be even more .
Trump doesn't know anyone in that category so zero chance of that happening. Most likely be another Russian connected dip .
Let's all pray that the corrupt @POTUS will #resign next.
@Shareblue @AP Hell of an idea, except he doesn't know anyone other than crooks, con artists, grifters, and Russians.
Do you think Trump knows a nominee who would be "looking out for the taxpayers & the country"? Seems his administration is only good at looking after itself, and even then....
(Sigh.) In your (our) dreams, Senator.
Clearly the was an unacceptable use of taxpayer money. Zinke, Mnuchin, Trump and the rest of them should also be investigated.
can't wait til we dig out Obama's cabinet private flights...so far it's looking worse!
Like you believe that's going to happen.
Oh, sure. That'll happen.
He should but he won't.
Who was looking out for taxpayers when Odumba flew his dog on military aircraft solo on the taxpayers dime? Not you.
HAHAHAHAHA like THAT will ever happen. What are you thinking senator?
Trump doesn't know anyone who is looking out for taxpayers or the country.
I'm not even sure trump knows such a person 
Wow, I wonder who in his base of millionaires would do that?
Nice to see a president who gets rid of staff who've done wrong. Unlike previous administration. (Holder, Lynch)
The fish stinks at the head
Right, all he appoints are unqualified individuals that donated massively to his campaign or have something to gain by condoning his antics
No wonder we Dems lose with that type of thinking. Please New York gets who Trump is. We love your state but pleaseeeee
He can ask for it! It needs to be said even if it's unrealistic. We need a good person in that role.
Nice thought. We agree. but Trump is Trump. New York gets who he is. The rest of this nation all states still do not get it Trump Queens NY
Reigned over criticism? I thought liberals were supposed to be the snowflakes who need safe spaces.
Trump should what now? I mean, yes, in theory... you know that's the last thing he cares about though.
Yeah, I'm sure that will be top of mind.  Do you honestly think he has criteria?  FFS wake up.
You must be kidding? Trump is Trump. He cares not for all of U.S ever. Low class dirty money Trump & family. Puerto Rico a big example.
What of the other rats who took private planes or chartered military craft???
Thanks for the news.
A person can dream, Senator.
Don't hold your breath, sir.
Yes!
Jerk
