If you can’t get through immediately, and would like to email instead, here’s how:
Please do not support any more of Trump's nominations.
I've been leaving messages at your Bend office when the DC boxes are full. How often do you get those messages, though?
Leave Trump alone...he is doing what he promised.  YOU do your job, represent all of your constituents.
Oregon is a fail blue State...wait for Mount Bachelor to errupt!!
#ResistTrump and his unethical and unconstitutional lunacy
We will...but U won't like what you hear!!! ...as always.
yes support the President or be voted out
So then quit voting for Trump's cabinet of deplorables like "Mad Dog" Mattis and totally unqualified Nikki Haley....
NO SANCTUARY CITIES
@Sailfish157 I'm going to thank you here in a Twitter. Thanking my Sen Feinstein too. Her lines are jammed. PS. NO on Sessions!
what is an address we can send letters to?
Thank you @RonWyden for your work on behalf of Oregon and the good of the country.
Thank you, sir. Keep up the fight.
thank YOU!
thanks for your hard work vetted this incoming cabinet!
you ignore Oregonians who have different wishes by sending out a form letter saying you will keep your position #bigbankbailout
2. You don't change your mind regardless of your "crowded"  phone lines #identitypolitics - you are part of the new #fascists
And if we can't get through? Please know that we are asking you to block every vote, every nominee. They've hijacked the govm't.
how about a way to get more phones for all reps so our voices can all be heard?
your man @RonWyden seems good - it's interesting that I could only work out he was a Dem by viewing his positions - I suppose he>
>doesn't wear the branding too hard because everyone in the city will vote Dem anyway and he needs country folks
yeah, he’s gotta appeal to the rest of the state somewhat, but he’s pretty solidly to the left
he seems lovely - that's why I've cc-ed him out - solely a branding convo.
future president? Or too white/man/NW nerd to be plausible Dem?
she’s not perfect, (not left enough for me) but has the potential for broad appeal
typo or have I massively fucked up gender things?
sorry was in reference to kamala harris in my previous tweet
Thank you.
Why, you don't listen
I haven't had to hold or leave VM yet. You have fine staffers fielding calls, too - they're a pleasure to talk to.
I called today! 
You'll be able to alleviate some of that jam if you announce that you'll reject Betsy DeVos!
Hi Brendan - Sen. Wyden WILL oppose Betsy DeVos's nominaton:
Oops, I must have missed this! Thank you!
No worries! Thanks for speaking out!
Keep up the great work, Ron! We're proud of the work you're doing.
What if we tweet instead? Does that count just as much as the calls?
can you do something about @tedwheeler's assault on unarmed protesters with militarized police?
keep up the good work! Happy that you are my senator!
I haven't been calling you or Merkley as I know you will do the right thing. I have called Walden 3 times. He needs  to stop him!
@AgingAbundantly thank you!
Please also vote against Price and Mulvaney!
#Thank you
thank you!  I tried to get through yesterday.  My message:  vote no on every cabinet nominee.  Period.  No playing nice with GOP!
he is great!
you are a lifelong politician you are what's wrong with our coubtry
@RealLucasNeff Reject DeVos.
@SenJeffMerkley~Pls support @POTUS #PresidentTrump's Nominees! U r so far Left u never represent all ur Constituents!!
#TermLimits
Don't vote for Sessions!
I trust you and the Oregon Ds to make the right decisions for all Americans. Please don't let DJT destroy our country.
Thank you for saying you'll vote no on DeVos but please do this for EVERY candidate! I voted for you, don't let me down!
@IndivisibleTeam just got thru and spoke to Monica. Thanks for all you do.
we are proud you and of Oregon. Thanks for fighting for us
You make me proud to be an Oregonian, Senator Wyden!
werent h in office in 92' if u havent fixed shit by now ,u probly never will. Maybe its time to do something diff. Like fishing
Thank you for all you are doing for us and for our country!  We are so grateful!
we appreciate you and all that you do! Lead on. We are standing with you!
Thank you for your service. Keep it up!
Thank you.
make it known to ur colleagues that people of good faith, patriots, lovers of liberty & compassion will #resist this B.S. forever
@IndivisibleTeam Tell Toomey to vote no!
@IndivisibleTeam a model response, thanks Senator !
Peggy Watson wants her name added to the list of people opposed to Betsy DeVos, thank you
so proud that you're my senator!
An Ohioan thanks you for always being one of the first voices of resistance.
@SymoneDSanders 6 shot in Chicago last at a vigil for a murder victim and no word from Symone cricket cricket cricket #BLM
.@RonWyden Block all appointees. Say NO to the Trump agenda. #resist #obstruct #indivisible
Thanks for checking in here to let us know you're listening and to keep calling! @IndivisibleTeam #standindivisible #NoWallNoBan
keep up the pressure Carol in Hillsboro
@SymoneDSanders love my city! Pdx stand up!
I wish #memphismayors cared...
You stand for the PEOPLES of the great State of Oregon! and the USA! Good for you! Good for the PEOPLES! This has been noticed.
I get that, but it's really frustrating. Is there any way to at least add memory so ppl can leave a message.
@SymoneDSanders This is an example for @tedcruz !
,@RonWyden I am not an Oregonian, but I am a concerned US citizen.  I will continue trying to make contact.  Thank you for addressing this.
Thank you, Senator Wyden for encouraging us to reach out and for being eager to hear us!
Thx for update--will keep trying.  In the meantime, NO vote on DeVos, Sessions, Mnuchin, Tillerson, Perry, Price!
hahaha it doesn't matter if he votes no.
don't approve Sessions!
what is bottom line? do we just have to live with this pres for 4 yrs?  plz reply
@NinaMehlhaf trump is out of control.what happens when alienate Mexico then China moves in economically.then what he declares war
fed hire freeze will affect usfs seasonal hires for the fire season. lost wages, camps, trees & timber sales. nps & doi & ace too.
why don't you read your messages on here? Much more efficient.
Vote NO on every Trump nominee that is incompetent or crooked. Vote with those who voted for you, not your doners
Senator Wyden, we appreciate all you do, working tirelessly through this horrible time in our country. Lucky 2 be Oregonians, tho!
And good work to you, keep it up.  Share our voices
Coloradans have you called @SenCoryGardner today?
MAKE THE GOP FIGHT FOR EVERYTHING  @mattdpearce
Thank you for defending facts and science based policy
We're with you Senator, we need you to keep fighting!
Great signal to JAM every nominee. Invite all other Dems to help you!
pay no attention to the trumples who hide behind their little masks on twitter they are cowards who regurgitate alternative facts
Thank you senator!  Can Trump be removed due to his mental state?  He's destroying us.  What can we do as citizens?
I bet your lines are jammed.
How long will GOP turn a blind eye and down right agree with Trumps lies and falsehoods. I want to see proof of 5 million illegal votes.
Thank You For Your Help
Sen. Wyden, we are counting on you and @SenSchumer to get the Dem Caucus to make OUR voices heard. Please, say something.
@7im That's my Senator! Awesome.
.@RonWyden This is exactly the response we should expect from a public servant.

Well done, Senator.
Actually is refreshing
we are calling because we want you out. Drain the swamp
you guys still saying that? 
jam this guy up Ron!
