Do not give up. Keep fighting. Push for change at every level. This is your government -- hold them accountable to you.
Mental health is the issue you fool!
I remember when he showed up in 1970 wearing worn out shoes, now a multimillionaire.
On our dime
Leave my rights alone
And if the states are red states, don't hold your breath. We need to declare the NRA as a terrorist organization. Maybe that will start talk
Oh please are you serious..
Guns laws don't work! Try fighting crime instead.
#nudepride #bodyfreedom #clothesoff #salvation_sets_us_free
It won’t solve the problem. But it’s a start. Please craft a bill for the senate.
If you want to pass any gun regulations. Got to #GetMoneyOut of politics. The gun lobby has bought to many politicians who only care about $
Well I guess I need to look into the laws Oregon is trying to slip through to take our rights. Remember disarm than rule is your moto.
no one needs to own these types of weapons. This lone gunman shot almost 600 people. This is insanity! IT HAS TO STOP!
He didn't shoot 600 people. A lot of them went to the hospital because they got trampled from ppl running. Hate when ppl make shit up.
What's your point? He shot and killed 59 people and many more are in critical condition. There should not have been even one.
You're right there shouldn't have been 1 at all I agree but the person I was talking to deleted their tweets so I look like an ass now
Stop the war on drugs and full throat support a single payer system. Now.
So you want exactly the same care as the VA provides. 6 month appointment or like me 3 years to see primary care physician.
Nope. Medicaid, where private healthcare treatment providers bill the US government, works just fine. Just expand it.
Or Medicare. I have been on Medicare  for 7 yrs. have never had a problem like you wrote about!!!
Been on Medicare for 14 years and they pay VA. Had to ask for assignment for knee surgery, very few doctors will accept.

Like murdering thousands with abortion your worried about guns.  Hypocrite
We have laws against the weapons the shooter used as well as murder laws. Stricter gun laws haven't helped Chicago highest murder rate in US
Why do liberals always forget that gun ownership is protected by the Constitution? R u going 2 start asking 4 limitations on free speech?
How about infringing people's 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, & 9th Amendment rights?
#2A 
The Right of the People to Keep and Bear Arms shall Not be Infringed. 
#RecallRonWyden
Sorry to say, but Portland and Eugene would not allow and shooters father lived there for many years on FBI 10 most wanted list.
You are the best Ron.  Would you ever run for President?
No he would have to admit that he lives in NYC and only a couple of times does he come to Oregon.
Les do dis!
Be careful Wyden. You are a congressman for Oregon, which probably has one of the highest percentages of gun owners. They will not approve
True, but if we loan a gun to a friend or relative they must go through a background check and then owner has to do same to get it back.
#pass liberal violence laws first
States won’t enforce federal immigration law. You support state laws that infringe on US Constitutional rights. How are you a US Senator
Laws take guns from law abiding citizens making them vulnerable to criminals & our own government.
Agree entirely. Lets start the change  and for common sense legislation  in Oregon. Believe me, other states will follow.
Way to wait to grease the people lost and try to advance your political career

Exactly!! Gun control, this is what Americans need. The NRA is far too powerful!!
If only Indiana and Wisconsin cared about protecting Chicagoans...
Guns don't kill people, people do. You going to ban trucks cuz someone drove one into a crowd? People need to be more aware of everything.
How stupid, some weapons don't need 2 b sold &some people don't need 2 have weapons, smh
I agree but the good people shouldn't have to get penalized for other people's actions. It will get worse as time goes on so be safe outside
Not saying we shouldn't have the right 2 bare arms, but some types of guns are not meant 4 hunting or protecting
We need a Constitutional amendment to modify right to bear arms
I agree. I want to keep my guns. But, machine guns and any converters should be banned. Don't need a study! Life saving changes! Ty 
Let's do it.
NO one needs 2own assault rifle!Could u imagine ppl in our woods hunting with assault rifles?TERRIFYING thought! assault weapons
Assault riffles are all ready illegal
Shut up Wyden we want our gun rights and more gun laws aren't going to keep guns out of the hands of criminals they will get them annway
The weapon was illegal. Next lame argument... Not congresses fault. BTW, you are part of the problem with Congress.
They don't know that. Sheriff says they need to determine whether guns were converted from semis
When every life is sacred to a liberal (Republican, fetus, Christian) maybe I'll understand your argument.
YES! I urged the lateest bill to REP UPTON to stop for the Silencers.  They better kill that bill!  After Las Vegas how can that be passed
You campaigned on promise to get things done.  Time to get things done and you pass it off to States.  Worthless comes to mind.
That's why we need to flip the state senates blue! Right @flippable_org?
Congress wake up due ur duty
not good enough! 
we need federal database, etc.
Like Hawaii did.
Thanks for your leadership on this.
Because this is what you’re up against...unfathomable
When are they going to pass common sense regulations to prevent Islamic terrorism plaguing western countries?
*to protect their residents
If only such laws could prevent a person from driving an hour or two to completely skirt them. Or less--e.g., Chicago.
I live in Texas...guess my kids are screwed
Useless. They will just cross state lines. The only solutions have to be country wide.
Why didn't you use the Antioch shooting as a rallying cry for GUN control laws?  Or even acknowledge it happened?
Sure, pass good laws in Ore & ppl will drive to Idaho to buy their crazy munitions.  State laws will work when we have state border guards.
Hey Ron,  you've been in DC for 3 decades. All you do is yip yap and jaw jack. Always party lines. PROPOSE SOMETHING. #TermLimits #retire
How do you think so many states now have concealed carry & even open carry laws now?
CA boarders NV. Their lax gun laws directly affect our state and yet we are powerless to stop their massive gun sales! Congress must act!
The key word being "common sense".  Sadly, most members are controlled by the NRA.  What's next...cruise missle legalized?  

You should be ashamed for pushing your politic now,let's pray and mourn and then discuss Chicago's violence despite strict gun laws.Godbless
Then Oregon needs to ban assault weapons, too.
Please !!!
We already have a sensible gun law, it's called the 2nd amendment.  Restriction  clearly doesnt wok. Ask Chicago how it works for them
Yes, here in TX we have passed laws to allow good citizens to legally purchase fire arms to hunt & protect our family's from Mex Cartels, Gangs, Hate Groups & LIB LEFT HATERS who defy our Democracy, Flag & Country- #MAGA
First criteria of "common sense gun control" should be that it actually solve the problem. 2/2
States have plenty of gun control laws 1/2
Chicago did that. How's it working out?
Part of the problem now is that we have FIFTY different sets of gun laws.
@RonWyden. We have in California. They just drive to NEVADA or AZ and buy their weapons of mass murder. WE NEED FEDERAL REGULATION. PERIOD.

So we are fucked in Texas, then. 

That will just allow the regressive states to continue to tread on their people in the name of conservatism.
Your lack of empathy is showing. We dont even know if loved ones and friends are alive. dont put politics before people..just so wrong.
Guns do not kill people-people kill people.
So you've simply given up?
Isn't what the Vegas shooter did already illegal?  What new law would have stopped him?
NRA Whores in Congress are worthless. No gun laws, no health laws, no laws whatsoever. Getting paid not to do their jobs. Epic fail.
Full automatic weapons are illegal! Enforce the laws of the land! Puppet. Ur a DNC nut job. legislate stop the recurrence, bfr factsr known?

Here is a chart of state gun ownership rates vs. gun murder rates. Notice near total lack of correlation. 
State by state gun laws are ineffective. Guns travel!
I live in Texas. Not much chance of that. That’s why we need Congress to do something.
It won't happen. The @NRA has infested state legislatures, too.
How many people have to die.  They need to amend the second amendment
GREAT ANOTHER CHICAGO, can it will ya@wronganswerasusual
We only get a C here in Oregon but...
Plan your next American vacation in a safe state.
#GunControlNow
left anwser on shootings?= pass gun laws! more gun laws! dont ever hold people accountable...tho...thats to hard right ronny boy?=left.
how many more gun laws can ya pass? auto weapons are banned bud...but i can by mod on net to make any gun auto...bubble man?
Please start using the terms "gun safety legislation" instead of "gun laws or gun control".  It's time that gun safety legislation happens. Congress has to act.  No more excuses, no more delays, no more mass shootings.
Agreed
Agree that states must act but essentially you’re saying we have a failed national govt #dontpassthebuck
It won't work unless you are checking people at the border.  Just the situation in Chicago amplified
Too many of them are just as corrupt at the state level for anything to change.
People are pointing out the culprits. Follow Jimmy Kimmel and go on his show. Talk about how we can fix the problem to as many as possible.
did u see the TN BS law haslam passed? you cant have a gun in a place that sells beer. but I cant have a beer? Im 37, servicemember.
How would "gun laws" have prevented this shooting?
We know this to be true in Colorado! Jeff from Aurora.
Omg here you go again, when the hell are you going to retire. You are why we need term limits!!!!
Always been, way to go Captain Obvious.
Does it matter at all that the murderer used illegal guns, ie. There were laws against what he had?
Yet it's so easy to transport guns across state lines. State by state laws would not matter if they are not consistent.
Unfortunately gun control only works at a national level. It's useless at the state level.
Good luck with that.
But if all states don't do it it doesn't help.. here in Illinois we have some decent laws.. but Indiana does not.. so they go to Indiana and get guns there.. legally ...
what is common sense gun laws? Hunting riffles
It's Time To Act
Seems like we have a Democrat issue thay needs to be addressed... how come none of these shooters are NRA members?
Yeah, that’ll happen, especially in red states.
States can do it, but I am not willing to let Washington off the hook!!
Mr. Wyden - my family gave up arms once and were slaughtered by the government.  We can NOT trust this government to do what it says, ever.
Just don't allow mentally incompetent persons from owning guns, and this includes those in Congress.
Not just guns.  Lack of access to mental health.  The discussion needs to happen STAT. #MentalHealthMatters
Great! Do it!
No courage here in Arkansas.  Weak-kneed GOP/NRA lackeys here.  Sound idea, unfortuately my "Reds" won't act with courage.
Since it's obvious ur referring to the Vegas shooting, then it's obvious the guns he used are already outlawed. Criminals don't follow laws
Somebody should and soon
Let’s just remember guns don’t kill people. People kill people.
We already have that. IN/IL for one state with one w/o. We need a national bill.
But so easy to take across st. lines, even if law says not supposed to.W/o federal laws very difficult for states to help much- some, maybe
Thank you Mr. Wyden (seems weird calling you Mr. probably same age)
That sounds like you may want to pass the issue down for the states to fight Congress tell me it ain’t so Ron
This is off of the actual Australian government website look at the stats there has been no change or it has gotten worse in some areas
Why are you making this political? Have some respect for the victims and families #LiberalNutJob
Shut up
There is NO common sense in congress! That's why we the people(the real owners of this country) are going to fire you dead beats 1 by 1
Give up youre arm security and I give up the lawfully wepons I own... just like obamacare , we stuck with it but you dont have too..
This won't help if Concealed Carry Reciprocity is passed. Weakest gun restrictions would become law of the land #NoConcealedCarryReciprocity
Then DO SOMETHING in Oregon and in Congress!
Good job Senator. There is more than one way to skin a cat.
Good idea! Why not include bombs, poison and all objects used for massive destruction. Resistance hate BLM racism etc
Wow what a fucking conservative position
It's also up to us to kick the GOP out of office so we can have a real country again
And just what would that real country be. Take a look Resistance hate, BLM racism. Antifa  terrorism. vs Americans
Louise, I have a feeling you watch nothing but Faux News and Infowars. I'm sorry you've been so thoroughly poisoned with lies
BLM is a protest against police brutality. Antifa is fighting back against *literal Nazis.*
Trump is in bed with the Russians and is currently stealing from you and every other American while golfing.
Do you think murder, Naziism, and corruption is the "real America?" If so, I feel sorry for you.
Can you not wait for politicking this?  Shameful.
You are so lost! The guns used are already illegal!  What is your point? OMG you are so wrong!
Not sure that works in the short or long term.
Too bad you feel the need to politicize at this sad time. How about looking at the mental health system & the failure to help treat/followup
And if someone shot at us?? Who is going to defend us???
Only a Democrat would blame guns, use mental records in background checks. #CommonSense #PrayForVegas
Except in states where reps are beholden to NRA
Well you need to get your ass in gear to enforce the myriad number of gun laws already on the books and nothing is done. MAGA
Yes, like those super-duper effective gun laws they have in Chicago!
If we gave up when something was hard, we'd still be a British colony.  I expect Dems to introduce Federal gun/ammo control legislation.
Stop the knee-jerk reaction. Look the common sense gun control you want is gun ownership ban. So what other rights to be chopped.
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Americans r sufferng, dying in Vegas & PR while U maintain derangd people in WH #FixItNow! @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
Either that or we can vote them out of office in 2018.
So how is making illegal weapons performing a well planned illegal act going to help?
DISINGENUOUS
Please continue to advocate for both federal as well as state gun laws. I fear the shootings will never stop.
Guess what, outlaw guns and MS-13 will have guns galore.
How do you exlain Chicago?
Unfortunately our state (TN) wants to make it open carry here & I mean everywhere! We need federal help!
Open carry is what Chicago needs and black on black crime will drop.
Until some lunatic brings their 500 round gun from Texas to NY
If the reciprocity laws concerning Conceal/Carry  is passed then it's a moot point
Never let a crisis go to waste Ron. Outlaw guns and only outlaws will have guns.
This is a battle I won't fight at the state level. We barely won the first referendum initiative closing gun show/private party loopholes.
Not going to happen in Nevada. Look at NRS 202, our firearms chapter. Most of the statutes simply prohibit restrictions on guns.
Most vigorously agreed, Mr. Wyden! Thank you!
Yes!!!
Honestly I am tired of hearing that Congress knows best when so far they have tried to take away my rights, HC, education, consumer rights
Cities enact laws - states nullify them. States enact laws - fed nullifies them. What we need are federal laws that make us = global peers.
I’m wondering what exactly Congress does do except take my taxes for the Congress & Corp. welfare
YOUR IDEA OF COMMON SENSE IS CONFISCATING ALL ARMS FROM GOOD PPL SO DEMS CAN ENACT TYRANNY
Dems  had both houses of Congress and the White House for two years.  You could have outlawed beanflips and slingshots.   But did nothing.
Off duty officer from Minneapolis attending asked singer John Rich if he  could use his gun to protect people because he did not have one,
here  is my badge...  singer John Rich gave his gun to the officer  to use....  grateful that citizen Rich had 2nd Amendment...
We need a new Congress.
Or tough campaign finance laws.
Also- aren't there some cities with old laws on the books (unenforced) stating its residents are required to own a gun?
The government steals from us the government acts for their self and not the ppl  so think ab that and research ww1 vetinam war cia drugs
..its actually up to voters to change majority in Congress from R's to D's & elect decent human as president, then pass commonsense gun laws
The first thing we need to focus on, right now, is counseling for all the survivors. Survivor guilt is real and we don’t need to lose more!
Us bc we play parent go into their home land and try to run shit again government y does Americans not like government bc the lies the way
Nevada doesn't enforce gun laws!
NRA is a @GOP sponsored terrorist organization.
Yes, sir!!
Their shoulder and thinks every white owes them it's bc the lies the schools tell what r schools government y does other countries not like
Please
Listen every thing that has and will happen is do to the government local state and fed I'm pro America but y does the blacks have a chip on
NV passed a law requiring background checks on weapons sold at gun shows. Our GOP governor and AG are NOT enforcing.
So what. This guy would have passed any background check.
Guess what else wouldn't have made a difference, the good guy with a gun.
Like the government does nothing but take our money and state and fed does nothing but try to keep their fingers on us and enslave us
If I’m not mistaken; Illinois did...and was sued for not allowing conceal/carry
So does pop need to b ban as well or hell most hand guns u can use pillows so ban pillows as well lay off of gun bc they don't kill just
No gun laws would ever stop stuff like this... Use ur brain... It's like trying to stop DRUNK DRIVERS from killing people in CARS..
Wouldn't it be the equivalent of not giving a drunk person a car to drive in?
yup. but I believe bartenders just keep passing out the drinks. it's $$$$$$$$
Thank you Mr. Wyden. I'm proud to live in Oregon and know you fight for us.
And ppl coming down on the NRA and silerncer well on a .22cal a silencer cost as little as $1.80 pour the pop bottle out and duct tape 2 it
How to act and what to do
Sometimes younger the vest is bc I want my kids protected we also have backpacks that I put plates in and I show them if something happens
