Thank you. Many people, including dismayed Republicans like myself, appreciate what you and others are doing during this national crisis
Shannon, repubs like you make me hopeful for our country.
Not all repubs are racist, Nazi, or willfully ignorant to the point of mental illness. Just almost all. Thanks, Shannon. #TheResistance
sorry, but still being a registered Republican in 2017 is indefensible
It would be easy to leave the party. The decision has been made to stay and fight from within.
What sort of response do you get from your R Congress members when you express it's a national crisis? They need to be moved to action.
Nothing! Cruz and Cornyn are my reps  I will be getting involved with whoever runs against either of them. They are the worst of the worst
@BetoORourke would make a fantastic Senator. He's running against Ted Cruz, grassroots support only, no polls or D.C. Bigwigs.
This is outrageous
ALL of Trump's agenda should be stopped until this investigation is completed. How do we know he's not doing what Russia tells him to?
He likely already passed some incriminating documents onto the Russian diplomats for safe keeping during their visit behind closed doors.
Oh boy. Unhinged Dude82. Hopefully @POTUS  gave them a list of Libs for re-education.  You know like N Korea. Y'all could use plenty.
So a bot w/17 followers claims NKorea would be good for "lib reeducation", confirming Rs r traitors. 'To learn how to be R, go to NKorea'
How about Rs who crave authoritarianism move to NKorea. Or Siberia.
Crave authoritarianism? How I'll informed.  Like a scratched vinyl replaying the same line repeatedly. Repeat it until you believe it. Haha
So you're putting petty partisanship ahead of the Safety and Security of the country.  Why doesn't this surprise me?
Sigal Mandlker's TFI predecessors were uninterested in targeting US funding for extremist settlers in WB. Do her ties to Israel disqualify?
Despicable! You obstruct for the sake of your own goals over a false narrative rather than the good of the country....
Keep pissing us off Wyden! It only makes Us Stronger!!!
when they finally released everything they have on Trump please tweet me so I can help you through the process .impeach
Weak minded fascist liberals. Both sides of the isle. Traitors are at least consistent in their anti American, anti free speech, hate talk.
Thank you for taking a stand against the tyrannical misfit in the White House. We need more people like you in our government.
Your sour grapes meddling is wasting our country's time. Get over it & support  our president!
Nothing but a liberal troll. More fake news...
Convenient for you. Now they won't be digging into your collusion.
Iran and Russia - who won't be sanctioned without action from Treasury - thank you.
What an idiot.  There is not proof you freaking moron.
# I know that this is political you idiots there is no Russia documents and you know that
Thank you
Good for you sparky. Uncle Chuckie will give you a treat
Bwahaha all brainwashed libs!!!!!!
Follow the Dems who are selling our country to the highest bidder disgraceful disgusting dispecable corrupt evil

Quit putting your political bullshit ahead of America and Americans.
That's real smart Sherlock. The rest of the population don't have Secret Service guarding our Ass like you.
How does holding up this appointment have anything to do with the "money trail".
GOOD! are democrats going2protect our voting rights?get rid of voterpurgesystem CROSSCHECKorweRwastingtime!
How is blackmailing this nominee not an obstruction of democracy? There has to be another avenue to get an answer to your concern.
sure continue to obfuscate the government process to prevent anything from getting done Way to earn your money.
Putting your party before the safety of this country is political suicide. STOP
The Dems have nothing to offer the American people except totalitarian behavior. Real problems, NK & Iran nukes / border control.
as much as it does piss me off to see Dems acting this way! It will only help more conservatives take democratic seats in the Senate!
Investigate this !
Good!  Well done Senator!  Stand for your principles and for us.
Obstruction of our government
Senator @RonWyden to hold Oregon hostage is very telling of your unbelievable Resistance2the Betterment of America.We see how Or. is failing
Oregon once a great state,but its gleaming cities are now over ran by the resistance. @RonWyden your prejudices of My Pres. is well known !
If you really want to follow the money please look into the Clinton foundation.
Why not investigate the spying on Americans by the Obama administration?
Where were you when:  Obama bundled CASH on a plane to pay ransom to AMERICA'S enemy?  FOLLOW that money!  How about Clinton Foundation?
What the Hell is wrong with you ? Who are you to not protect Us ? You're seat will be ours , soon !
You are so foolish may God give you sanity 
Yeah because Trumps clearly Putin's puppet and U.S is done lol... dramatic dems forgot how it feels to lose. Back to the safe spaces please
Your action implies that there are such "docs". What happens if you're just delusional? Shut down everything forever?
We remember when YOU let James Clapper off the hook for lying to Congress .@DRUDGE_REPORT You are a despicable Fellow Taveller of Terrorists
Hey way to not think for yourself and jump on the sinking Dems bandwagon.  You need to grow some balls!
you can't stop the trump train
If this doesn't show the agenda of the liberals, I don't know what will. YOUR party will be losing even more seats in 2018.
Ask Grassley & Feinstein..
Before being fired, Comey told Congress that Russian probe targets didn't include Trump
In the end you know that your "Hold" won't hold water... stop the grandstanding
Wake up everyone .. this is just one more idiot crying "the sky is falling" .. stop following the idiots!

Say bye bye @RonWyden  America is done with this type of politics. You are an embarrassment..
So get the FBI to do some forensics on that DNC server! Why wouldn't they let them look? The answer is that Russia didn't hack it. LIES!
So u want to keep America less safe for a phony narrative in gonna screenshot your tweet to make sure u lose next time u r up
The longer your Congressional career goes, the more of an embarrassment to us Democrats & the United States of America you are!
cool, you are a globalist supporting terrorism, well noted
So we can blame you for a terrorist attack - k
Thank you! And demand those beautiful tax returns.
Thank you.  Please inspire your colleagues to fight.  Our republic is under siege.
First time ever I have been embarrassed to be an Oregonian. 

Yes, lets put America on hold until you feel comfortable... 

Oh vay.
Ron Wyden is a  #RussianBirther
25 to 30 million voters did not vote all of whom are republican, we wont let you or the media steal our demnocracy
all these tweets are coming from facist democrats, do you really think we are that stupid. trump has not broken the law. next election
this man is anti democracy; over 51 million americans voted for trump, and the democrats are continously trying to take away our vote;
Thank you for standing up for all of us.
Out of basic curiosity, why haven't the FBI and Congressional committee investigations turned up these 'docs'? Been at it now for a year +
Wyden is putting American security behind his politics. He is asking for American women and children to be killed by terrorism
So you want to risk protecting Americans from terrorism for something that there hasn't been of shred of evidence on?
As an Independent I say thank you for looking out for our Democracy.
Nothing to see move on
If we have any terror attack while you play games you should be charged with obstruction and accessory to murder.
#RECALL@RonWyden OK with Obama and Hilliary Corruption, yet does a #WitchHunt with GOP #Hypocite #Immoral #Incompetent describes Ron #MAGA
Dems are idiots.  There is nothing there.  The real problem is Hillary's Uranium that she sold to Russia.  There is actual evidence there.
Of course you have. You people love to waste time on nonsense
This idiot needs to be removed from Congress for endangering peoples lives.
You were not concerned when Hillary sold 20% of USA Uranium to Russia and pocketed Millions $$$ #hypocrite
This is total political hack level.
When this bravado fails what do you do next, take all your toys and go home to cry and pout? Absolutely no merit to your actions.
Poor choice of action. It's a direct impairment of democracy, extortionist in nature, immature in professionalism. Doesn't justify
I would love to see a special prosecutor selected to investigate every member of the house and senate for taking money from lobbyist.
Did you follow all the money Hillary was getting donated to the Clinton foundation while she was Secretary of State.
Did you follow the money when Obama meddled in Israel's election?
Talking about a credibility issue. Now.... tell us about your stolen valor just one more time. I think it's a great lie like all the rest!
Russia attacked our Democracy?  Only in your ignorant crybaby mind.  Russia is LTAO at you.  You negligent behavior is sick
what part of Trump's administration has  NO RUSSIAN INVOLMENT DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND??!!!
Your hold is BULLSHIT. To put a hold on this until something is found? What if nothing is ever found? EFFING DEMOCREEPS
Your demand is absurd. Your hold should be ignored.
Blood on your hands
Thank you. This is an essential piece of the puzzle.

How about until he produces his tax returns!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
Wow, very nice. Thank you for stepping up!
Thank you sir
Ummm....apparently or more so obviously there is nothing to produce. haven't you been following anything?
Buffoonery generator
Thank you so much...
Put a hold on everything until @realDonaldTrump is in jail or exonerated.
This is a good step but is insufficient. Withhold consent on everything
Sounds like blackmail to me
-how utterly ridiculous, but what can the #Americanpeople expect in the house of #progressives ????????????????? #obstructionists
Thank you. Keep it up
And please be safe in this age of angry haters and Erik Prince paid operators. With billions involved people have already died in Russia.
Thank you!  We are a all counting on you and other patriots to get to the bottom of this!
You need to step down for treason.
You need to look at anyone and EVERYONE who has recieved money from Russia. NO one should be exempt.
#TheDemocrats #OurRevolution #BernieSanders #SenateDems #SenateGOP #HouseGOP #HouseDemocrats #KatrinaNation #Thom_Hartmann #DickDurbin
You don't want Americans safe!
Yes!
You will be waiting forever because there aren't any. Speaking of laundering, where were you when Obama laundered money to Iran as ransom?
Good job, keep up this good work and I suggest similar to access his tax returns, schedules & backup.
I wish there were more of you. We in OR are grateful for your service.
How about we the people put a hold on your paycheck until you liberals give up this witch hunt against @Potus
FY
Thank you for your service!
Aren't you special?
Are you out of your mind? So you jeopardize our security because you aren't getting your way??
THANK-YOU!!!
Some Dems growing a backbone?

Are you blackmailing the current administration? There are no Russia docs.  You did hear repeated over and over, NO EVIDENCE, right?
Just another crazy liberal from Oregon..go figure! Fcn idiot will cave as soon as some more boys come forward!
How do these people get into office?!!! You are not stable! Go get help!
Well you confirmed 1 thing  DRAIN THE SWAMP  your state
And did  I  say American ppl see thru your hypocrisy !
And yet no one gives a fuck how CrossCheck "attacked our democracy" by actually stealing states.
Liberals have proven to be very dangerous to America. Unpatriotic and 100% looney.
How about money & Hillary and Obama concerning Russia?I never heard 1 D senator say 1 word about Obama & Hillary about Russia
@YGalanter thanks you for taking this seriously.
@POTUS Here is one that needs to be drained. #obstructionist
Get over yourself.  Go to work for the people. You are embarrassing yourself and our country.
thank you for being a strong voice for Oregon & America in D.C.
Too bad they wouldn't follow the $$$ for @HillaryClinton when it comes to pay to play and the family fraud foundation! #NoThereThere
Thank you @RonWyden! We need your strength in leadership now! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
It's a Corrupt white house along with Congress, a gang of crooks and liars!
Another example of blackmail against President Trump by a Democrat that supports terrorism and HATES Trump Personally.no respect!
Hey Ron...GET OVER RUSSIA!!! Nothing new there bud.  U guys lost. Deal with it. I had to with Obama for 8 yrs. elections=consequences
Thank you sir!
Thank you, Senator Wyden! I for one appreciate your action 
You are severely abusing any power U think U might have. Exactly what "docs" do you expect him to produce? Maybe trade for Hillary's emails?

Independent voters will show you how much we don't like your decision to do this in the voting booth by NOT VOTING FOR ANYONE WHO IS A DEM!!
There is no evidence of any Russian collusions with Trump and everyone has said so from Clapper to Comey to Feinstien. Hypocrites!
Independent voters don't care about party politics we care about being served. You're obstructing our gov't. from functioning properly.
this man is a total self aggrandizing jerk
Ron, who was pres last year? Letting Russia run wild while spying on candidates! Obama unmasking and incompetence should b investigated!
Thank god someone still cares about this country.
That could be difficult. Hillary's Bleach Team is being contracted. Including the cell phone and memory board smashers.
