The House & Senate investigations are impotent thanks to the GOP. They are compromised & have no interest in the rule of law being enforced.
Did not know exactly but is the feeling I was getting
компрометирующий материал .... from the Dallas Morning News.
I doubt it's a mystery why Goodlatte, Grassley, Gaetz, Gohmert, Nuñes & Gang are undermining evidence-based documents that link trump & themselves to Russian mafia Oligarchs. There're videos, hearings, running from interviews & hiding & Kremlin dinner parties that show it.
Is that why you moved to New York?  Followed the money...
You are one of my favorites.  A bright gentleman & honest public servant. Thank you for all you do! 
I think before all of you get into office your donations should be scrutinized and see who's getting favors
Term limits a must to keep corruption out!
And don't let up in your investigation. Democracy depends on honesty.
Keep pressing and the democrat party will be based in Leavenworth
Over the Decades. Police, FBI have only put Crime Family Leaders in Jail through Tax Evasion Charges. Trump Family NO DIFFERENT. LyingTRUMP!
During Trumps several Bankruptcies. American Banks wouldn't Touch him. Trump turned to Russia Money. They own him now, picking up MARKER NOW
#ThankYouRonWyden
Why. Then only a few democrats will be left standing.  Clinton comey podesta. Mueller. Debbie stupid Shultz

Another R not knowing how to read and only knows what the Right wants him to. A grand jury has been formed, or maybe you haven't heard
Eh, he is no longer in the picture. I think republicans are "in charge" of this investigation. AG recused, DAG hire special prosecutor
He is still relevant and is undermining the current admin. Sessions should never have recused himself.
Why is this guy :-)
WTH >> Tangled web connects Russian oligarch money to GOP campaigns | Commentary | Dallas News
Investigate the connections between them. Point the finger to the in Congress who have accepted money from Russians!
Try to keep up, were discussing facts, NOT debunked conspiracy theories!
#SeymourHersh: The "Russia hacking" story is #nonsense!!
Once again, I so respect you and am glad you are fighting for justice and equality @RonWyden proud to be an Oregonian!
It's about time you go after the Clintons Mr Wyden.....
You're an #AmericanHero @RonWyden 
Wish you would represent Oregon and work on taxes, budget, and healthcare!  @GOP
You are a good  Senator I don't regret voting for you. Portland needs some serious help though mentally ill transients are way out of hand.
They're all dirty. Including many GOP in congress. Their dirty dealings are going to blow up in their faces!! DJT destroying them all! 
@KottiPillar @attackerman Nobody does this shit for free
Russian.  Uranium. Deal.  Clinton.  Foundation.   

Follow that money.
HRC was investigated for 30yrs, resulting in ZERO CHARGES EVER!! Mueller will reveal lots of criminal acts by DJT & GOP! You support crooks!
The Dems will regret opening this can of worms! libtards SUCK!!!
Please stop the wolf kill in Oregon. One of you constituents from Southern Oregon -born and raised here
Oregon loves you, Senator! Thanks for watching the jackals in DC. We need you there!
Looking forward to seeing you in Vernonia this Tuesday.
Thank you for being a true patriot.
That usually tells it all where the money comes from is the guilty parties
Follow the Democrats
after being the personal privacy advocate for years you've suddenly gone silent on the issue. Unmasking much? #Termlimits
Thank you, Ron!
Thanks Ron. Don't let up. Money Laundering has been going on for decades with Trumps and their organization
Ive been saying it too..not in the Senate or nuthin' but to my friends and on twitter and junk...but the money will lead to Trump/Russia biz
Keep following the money...a treasure trove, I will bet!
And the BODIES.
Taking a break when you have done NOTHING in 7 months. Makes me feel great about my tax dollars. It is time for term limits. Period.
Then follow the GD money. But start with HRC and you will find your collusion. YOU sir and all these Dems are a waste of our time.
Can't wait til we investigate you @RonWyden ron.. oh, the one that yell the loudest is usually the guilty ones..
Money trail
Thank you.
Yes, please continue this "we lost" tantrum.  Nothing else for you to do?  Your canidate so bad she lost to a game show host.  Get over it!
Follow Hillary!
Keep on them Mr.Wyden
I wonder why you didn't follow the money when Hillary sold uranium to Russia & Bill received money for speaking in Russia? Hypocrite!
@doranbar66 is spreading false information. READ @doranbar instead of spewing right-leaning propaganda from vile liars spreading #fake news
All truth
Keep asking those questions! Don't stop until we get the truth. Follow the money right to Impeachment!
God Bless you sir! Thank you for your dedication in this matter. Its greatly appreciated. Like you & many others, we just want the truth!
I appreciate you.
The money trail will lead to Hillary and the DNC
Follow the nothing burger to its conclusion. Wonderful for the residents of Oregon.
Thank you Senator Wyden.  A grateful Oregonian and American.
Follow the Russian
Wonderful.While ur state burning to ground u focus on a nothing burger.Another fine example of inept politicians who serve only themselves.
Oh yes...Follow the paper and it usually turns into money. ;)
Senator? What about Kushner's security clearance. Yank It!!
Keep up the good work RON!
Why you can find collusion obstruction or anything else  I call this a disgusting witch hunt  answer soon people will see what POTUS SPEECH
the democratic party is failing and you are desperate.
Why not include Bannon

We rarely ask our audience for RTs.
Today we will
We must let America see the results so far
Kindly help pushing our 4Part Recap from today 
Sierra Bravo
Don't forget about the millions @MarkWarner  made with his Russian ties.

Keep up the good work
Thank you for not giving up on this. It's simply too important.
On behalf of the country I applaud your efforts and dedication.  Thank you, Sir.
.Thanks.
Thank you for your diligent work on this.
A true public service, thank you.
They are profiteering off of America's grace. Constitutional heritics. It's wrong. 100 mill from /Saudis.Ties w/RU. Gifts f/China. On and on
Thank you sir. May we all soon see that everything we thought was crazy truly is & that standing up for what's right is the only way.
Anything to reverse the results of the 2016 election no matter the cost to middle Americans.
Are you the NEW SPECIAL PROSECUTOR? MYOB & DO SOMETHING Like VOTE to give ALL  Americans your HEALTH CARE PLAN
Thank you Ron for fighting for what's right!
Thank you
The Achilles heel of the kleptocrat is the Love of Money. Look at his smug face. Back door chanel him self. He's peddling visas to. SHAME!
I just envision Trump and his family walking away from this whole thing unscathed. Please tell me that won't happen.
Or trace the phone calls
What about $ Hillary took from Russia....and Dems who hired FusionGPS to create fake trash....lets look at that too!
@PMueller2 @thedailybeast last thing those crooks want is to follow the money trail.
It always come down to that I'm afraid!
Where didyougetyours
Yes...do it!
Dig into the data analytics, how RNC left data modeling for millions of voters unsecure & who had access to it. That's how you'll know 1/
if the misinformation campaign FBI watched on election day was targeted or general. Also may find out if they had help targeting. 2/
IF you follow the money then the CLINTON is the only one's that we know broken the law
Tangled web connects Russian oligarch money to GOP campaigns | Commentary | Dallas News
Now we have Israel to play with. Please look at 5 Points Developer if you haven't already? I have a feeling they're involved w/Kushner's &
666 plus a new bldg in Manhattan. http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/israeli-developer-and-entrepreneur-boris-kuzinez-forms-five-points-development-300448709.html …
I caught the original article in Dezeen and it seems to me they changed the print when I went back to read it. Saying 5 Points wasn't
involved with 666 but why would they share the 2 buildings in the same article if there was no relationship at all.

May lead through WV now.
Conscious of how fortunate the citizens of Oregon, and the whole country, are to have you as our representative in the Senate, @RonWyden 
Hear, hear!
Thank you Senator.
Liking me some Ron Wyden!! More Power to you!! 
TY 
Here's another one, from Russia with Love!!
From Dallas News. Shit's gettin' REAL! https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns …
.@Rosie & @RonWyden YES! Be Jan Brady! Resisters are with you.
you do that ron
The Russian investigation is crap and you and the press know it
How about a law enforcement officer to follow the money?
Thank you.
And thank you for your "no" vote on Chris Wray. 
As you say, "follow the money."
Thank you.
Just like you were going to stand up for the citizenry against illegal domestic spying. Now, you're furthering their bs narrative. #GreatJob
ICYMI - The same interests ignoring #4thAmendment protections used natsec 'loopholes' to spy on & defame a domestic foe, a la Stasi, genius.
Where are you on the *proven* indiscretions that affect every man, woman, & child in these United States of America? Out to lunch w bankers?
Thank you!!!!!
Thank you Senator for all your hard work during this time. 
Thank you Ron Wyden
