@LindseyGrahamSC wya? Why is your mailbox full? The one that's specifically set up for us to leave comments on Senate legislation? 
I don't think its people calling in support of the Awful Horrible Corporate tax break Act #NOAHCA #ShowUsTheBill 
#Trumpcare is a nightmare
@LindseyGrahamSC why hasnt your office answered constituent calls with an actual human in weeks? For WEEKS I've gotten an answering machine.
So odd Senator Graham, especially since SOMEHOW @SenatorTimScott's office has found time to accept calls and clear his voicemail inbox?
UPDATE: Still no human to answer the phones but they cleared the mailbox & I was able to leave a message. 
Cleared. Like deleted, so it can just fill up again?
*Officially* they're logging and counting all VMs and passing them along to the Senator. In practice? Your guess is as good as mine.
Ha. Bullshit.
Alternate Title: America's highest public servants don't want the American public to know what they're doing to American healthcare.
You people have a short memory when Pelosi said you'll get to see it when it's been approved. Time for you all to go crawl back in ur holes.
ACA process was a paragon of transparency compared to the Senate Republican's locked room development of AHCA.
That's bcuz the room was resersved for the adults. And how do you defend Polosi saying u have to vote 4 it b4 you can see it? Tha's txparent
The ACA was crafted over an 11 month span with 171 amendments & months of hearings. AHCA will be limited to 10 hours of discussion.
@SenToomey your staff assured me draft healthcare bill will be released prior to vote? Whats true? Has GOP under 45 forgotten what truth is?
heard it will be 2 days before vote around 6/28
@JoeNBC This is unacceptable. Senate AHCA Committee is secret; refuses to release any info - ask @clairecmc about process. She was there.
Have Senate staffers writing bill read Brill or Rosenthal's books? Do any have real life experience before ACA?  Is Congress still exempt?
Thank god.
One reason Senate GOP is hiding #Trumpcare plan from the public is because it's a bad bill that raises costs & cuts coverage for Americans.
SERIOUS HEALTHCARE WATCH & RT call your representatives today!  202-224-3121, 5calls app or resistbot text 504-09 generates letters to reps.
What is going on with you ppl? You're worse than kids. Work together..
No committee hearings, per rule McC invoked. Q: Any rule re time between bill's release and floor vote?
What's the big secret? That Noone will like it?
Cowards. The entire lot of them. I just called all of my Senator's phone lines (the Coward Rob Portman). All busy & going to voicemail.
Either way it is dead. Missed the punch line. We cannot let them get any closer than never.
GOP wants no pushback on Trumpcare. Ram it through as quick as possible. Vote them out in '18.
Isn't anyone scared yet? #stopahca
Scared? Well, I've lost 75 lbs. Since the election. I wasn't dieting & I wasn't fat.
Democracy dies in darkness.  trying to push it through without Input. Constituents will eventually feel pain and hopefully react at the poll
Don't count on it. FOX won't report on TrumpCare damage, and the GOP will keep rattling the cage on abortion, immigrants, muslims, LGBTQ.
It may be up to #theresistance then and outlets like @democracynow, @thenation, etc
Its really Up to us.  Democracy is not a spectator sport.
We need to find the crime that will finally open the eyes of the Trump faithful. Money laundering, treason, lying don't seem to bother them.
Just not understanding how this is possible.
Time to start marching in D.C., the biggest march ever.
And stay there until this election is void!!! Russia is all over Congressional and presidential elections! Void this election and go w paper
Time to call. NC voters: Burr 202-224-3154, Tillis 202-224-6342. Happy to say I keep getting a busy signal for Burr
BECAUSE ITS NOT A HEALTH PLAN 
ITS GOP DEATH PLAN!
This is just wrong
Slime!
Release it.
Be helpful in briefings if Spice could say things like "Warm.Warmer.Hotish. Yes. NO! Now back to warm" ie interactive Hide n'Seek, err Screw
What happened to GOP's cry for more transparency under Obama's adm. I guess that was political BS
Someone be a patriot, leak theYrumpcare drafts. Stand up
This is absurd. Time to call your Senators.
Democrats should insist on reading of the entire bill, among other parliamentary tools.
They need TIME to read it, wait for CBO, like ACA! My life hangs in balance, due to chr migraines, procedures & name brand Anti-seizure med
is all that works, not generic - strength below 80%,  has red dye #40, which fires migraines up in 15 min! Botox w/full halo, neck, helps
Botox creates creases on forehead, when working. Without ins, cost of both plus generic pain mgmt!? $20,000  per yr! $3,000 prism glasses,
W/trifocals, clear cataract forming. Managed to get discount. Wish could get IOLs, so eyes no longer fight, to focus, also causing migraines
Chronic sinus inf, cervical discs, also cause Migraines - all caused by SUV hitting me on . Shoulder reconstr, done all I can to work.
My 4th doc since accident, only now understands C6 was broken, 2009! Permanent neurological issues, TBI - helmet shattered. #GOP wants me !
Just suggesting: Have you tried unlimited sumatriptan? Works on trigeminal nerve: Neck, migraine, sinus. If interested DM me 4 more info.
Millions will lose healthcare.  Thousands and thousands will die. But the rich will get a tax break!  That's all that matters!  SICK
That is the re-pube-eCON WAY!...SMH
If senators' mailboxes r full, use Resistbot or Faxzero 2 text a fax. U can go into more detail & there's more chance they'll read it too 
Sounds just like how the Democrats handled Obamacare!  You have to pass it before you could read it.
STOP LYING  there were two years if negotiations and 197 REPUBLIKKKAN amendments
Share the draft @ToddYoungIN Why not?
#Senate #GOP changes logo from to easily spookedchicken .. fearful C.B.O. will have a go at H.C. bill & send them home in July w/o success
IF THESE MILLIONAIRE GARBAGE HUMANS PASS THIS BULLSH*T THERE WILL BE RIOTING IN THE STREETS OF AMERICAN CITIES
Just plain unAmerican
Did anyone accually read the artical? It isnt done and dems *cough*cough*Harris have already slammed it. Besides dems did the same thing OBC
I'm sure someone will leak it.
They ALL NEED to go in 2018
Cowardly. Logical conclusion is that the bill is pretty awful.
Because  the .@GOP is a failing political party....
Why? Slithering sneaking snakes that's why.
Will they give their bench time 2read it before voting 'Yah' ?
They'll all get "Ich habe 'JA' gestimmt!" lapel buttons to wear back home.
@POTUS calls Dems obstructionists because they won't support a bill they haven't seen and haven't taken part in
This is complete and utter bull crap. Midterms are coming and they will be going #LiarsCheatsThugs=SenateGOP
Americans should not pay for Illegals health care, period
democracy is long dead in the us
Good.   Crazy democrats won't understand the plan because it doesn't mention  Russia.   Former Democrat
Not surprised
This is not a healthcare bill people!
This is a "tax break for the rich" bill using healthcare dollars taken from the poor.
CRIMINALS !!!!!
Unbelievable!
#BananaRepublicans #GOP #healthcare #Karma2018
disgusting
"Let's be honest" they said, slamming the door quickly as fumes escaped into the hallway, "it's worse than you think!"
Maybe it'll make a diff if we start sharing real life stories of who they'll be harming w #AHCA
The epitome of bullshit. Democracy dies a little more more each day these corrupt, entitled, out of touch asshats are allowed to lead.
I use the term 'lead' extremely loosely

Prior to passing #Obamacare
■the Senate debated 25days
■filed 506 amendments (228 from GOP)
■took 34 roll call votes
…
How can the people who work for us conduct business in this manner. Where is the oversight or the power abusers?
Their scared of the backlash it will cause. They've lost sight of the fact that They Work for US. We must remind them in the midterms. VOTE!
@SenateGOP 
http://YOU.WORK.FOR.US . 
never forget that, because we won't forget what you are doing to this country.
.@GOP wtf? you guys are the worst governing body i've ever seen. #Shame
Republicans and Democrats, this effects 95% of the Country negatively. Effects 5% of Country very Positively. Wealth Xfer to the Rich. Sadly
They won't release it because a small group of gray haired, white men have determined that they will decide our future in secret. Handmaids.

you dims didn't seem to release much on stymiecare either, had to pas the bill to see what was in the bill,
WHAT IS THE GOP HIDING?
I thought the government was supposed to be transparent
Of the people? By the people? For the people?
@GOP shooting themselves in foot b/c they own it lock stock & barrel. Hell hath no furry like a sick person scorned. Get ready 4 shit storm.
@RonWyden Lots to hide
Now would be a good time for a leak...@DavidWright_CNN
#ShowUsTheBill No more criminal antics. This is our future. When your health care rides on the decision, THEN you get a say. Represent!
There are NO public hearings
No chance to read thoroughly
No chance to make changes
Dems accepted 161 ammend's from R's in ACA.
Backroom BS
How can this be allowed?
Typical GOP ... I can visualize them plotting to keep info away from the people they represent
SHAME
Up in arms people, the Republican party is destroying democracy today.
@senrobportman shameful 13 white men deciding on healthcare sounds like a disaster in the making. Insurance can't do & u expect 13 men can!
GOP completely corrupt, undermining democracy in America. Protect and improve ACA, which Americans want.
Nice, leave the american people to guess and have no idea what they are doing. VOTE THEM ALL OUT if we still have the right ton vote by then
Every public official, every media outlet must call out GOP for undermining basic democratic principles. This is about more than one bill.
@SenateGOP @cathymcmorris @VP @SenateMajLdr @GOP will be held accountable for this undemocratic vote that tosses millions off HC @HouseGOP
@SenateGOP @cathymcmorris @VP @SenateMajLdr closed door bill is not a democratic process•it is not governing•it is cheating the American ppl
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr Q: How much 1% US Oligarchy $ or Russian laundered $ does it take to buy @GOP? A: A heathy, prosperous US mid-class
"Democracy dies in darkness"  @washingtonpost was prophetic
I wonder why
Only in trumpland
@SenateMajLdr and @SenateGOP are cowards who'll be responsible for more American suffering and deaths than any terror group #GOPLiesMatter
Senate GOP are COWARDS, afraid to let the American people know what they're doing...
@SenToomey please explain why this is acceptable
This is total bullshit
The country is pleading for fairness and transparency. Please.
Release the Kraken!!!
GOP has forgotten they work for the people of the United States! Not the rich only!!
Hey, look Dems! If you want to see how to give a "JAM JOB" to a bill look at this! Filibuster! Nope I Nuclear your Filibuster! Check mate!
So let me get this straightObamacare was explained by Sen.for a yr and when it was all done they screamedBILL JAMMED THROUGH but this isn't
if they ram this bill the people will see to the revolution. 2018
Of course they won't. These are the same guys who woudn't hold a hearing on Garland, nuked the rules on Gorsuch. Selfish pathetic people
Coz it's as shitty as the first and second ones. How is this okay?
#showusthebill .  hiding it flies in the face of the founding principles of our Republic.
How the fuck is this democracy?
The hypocrisy is real.
I never ever want to hear again that the Dems didn't do this in a transparent way, they at least showed you their bill. GOP hid it.
GOD DAMN THESE LOUSY GOP REPUBLICANS TO HELL...FOR THEIR GREED AND HUBRIS!!! 
I am wondering if they over-rode the parliamentarian.
"we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it, away from the fog of the controversy." (redux)
@SenateDems So far, not one Dem senator has endorsed withholding consent to stop #TrumpCare! What you don't oppose, you endorse!
@MiaFarrow @rosierifka @LeslieMarshall @neeratanden
What are they hiding? How they gonna kill us all?
stop attack on Americans' health care!
@RNC Drumpf butt- kissing session today = obscene. Who's going to tell the Emperor he has no clothes? Not sharing health care info? Cowards!
This is an absolute joke of the Americans that back these corrupt Senators! What a dark and dismal society we live in!
@SenateDems well then its a nothing bill we go with  gops no more pass it  to know what's in it
better yet get gov out of healthcare.
Will history books reveal that in 2017 a few senators,drunk with power,in a secret back room deal killed healthcare & torched our democracy?
What Kind of people play with peoples life and death over how much money they're going to give to their billionaire friends despicable
Secrets smell.
Anyone who trusts in the trump government is crazy! For them to withhold information from us is horrible! Vote these assholes out!!!!!!!
@SenBookerOffice @SenatorMenendez I don't understand. You can do this?
I CANNOT wait until 2018! The dirty greedy criminal republican majority will be voted OUT! @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr & @GOP will be GONE!
This is criminal & @SenateMajLdr McConnel is a fucking hack. Oh, and calling him "turtle" is mean to turtles. #ResistGOPCare
Since they're so passionate about this draft. Take away there current health insurance and have them depend/use their own proposal.
@SenateMajLdr is a coward who cares nothing about most of his state and country. #partyovercountry
Will the CBO release it?
Good.  Gotta pass it to see what's in it. Dose of your own medicine, gotta love it!.
We are beyond anger over the Trumplican and Trump vile antics ! What do we need to do to make them do their damn jobs!
The Democrats need to figure out obamacare solution. Start an agenda. Win the people. Let ins comps insure across state lines. Competition
How do we hold these...people...(term used loosely) accountable for what happens next?
@SenBobCasey @GOP can this administration get any more unethical? Screwing over the people they represent is probably a bad idea.
This is not democracy .#ThisIsNotNormal. This is #Unacceptable. I cannot wait until we vote each & every 1 of them out & replace with women.
Is this secrecy consist with senate rules? EW wasn't allowed to read a letter, but they can play hide and seek?
Congress also turing into dictators...hv they forgot they work for "we the people"...#GOPFAILINGAMERICA.
They don't want to face the American people who they're supposed to represent. Cowardly legislators agendas. American people aren't a factor
@GOP will be voted out soon Resign you have shown you do not care about the American people.
This is not how democracy works GOP Senators!
Vote them out We need real representation not these old men whom don't care about Americans
Must be a huge pile of steaming crap, even worse than the steaming pile the house gop passed, if they are too afraid to release it
Meanwhile back at the Ranch, Treason is afoot!
Ryan McConnell Pence Sessions Kushner Bannon Going To Resign
This is as astonishing and "wrong" as Trump's bad actions. Enormous part of the economy in this bill!
#MAGA

AS WORDSMITH EXTRAORDINAIRE SARA PALIN ONCE PONTIFICATED

PUT A GOP SENATOR IN UR CROSSHAIRS
@SenateGOP Are you proud of turning into the totalitarian backroom govt which US usually condemns? #ShowUsTheBill #wealthcare #ShameOnYou
Why not?
Dear God- PLEASE help the USA citizens from this disaster.
@DarrellIssa Who you gonna blame for this? Must be a great bill if they are scared to let anyone see it.
Why. Because it's truely a tax cut for wealthy. Benefits them. It's a BAD BILL
@GOP going to vote on legislation that effects millions of Americans and 1/6 of our economy, that's been devised in the dark.
Is this bcuz of yr RICO case? U forsake yr country & receive corrupt Russian campaign funds so now u make us pay 4 yr bad deeds? @SenateGOP
Of course not the majority can read will  read
They collectively shit themselves when they heard president drumpf say it would be replaced with something better. That wasn't their plan.
The reason they haven't spent 7 yrs preparing for this is because they never intended to replace shit. They DO NOT care who gets hurt here.

@galacticasitrep this can only mean it's worse than the previous ones. We want #carenotchaos
@marcorubio you are OK with this dictatorial method of governance? You who talked so much about freedom?
What does @SenMajLdr have to hide it their Ripe HC from millions of Americans HC plan? If you can't share it is worth putting out!
Hey @tedlieu You have some thoughts on this? I follow your Trump posts, but this is pretty important.
#Votethemout2018
@SenatorCollins Secrecy is not democracy  AHCA is unconscionable 17% support per Fox News & Quinnipiac
Release draft
UNACCEPTABLE: @BenSasse @SenCoryGardner @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @JeffFlake @DeanHeller @senrobportman @MooreCapitoWV
Now we know how they can so easily tolerate Trump.  None of them believe in democracy, only power
NO, WE WOULDN'T WANT YOU TO KNOW HOW BADLY WE'RE SCREWING YOU OVER AMERICA!!
Hey, @SenateMajLdr what are you so afraid of? Think some more of those (R) voters might finally see how horrible you are? #CountryFirst
Most disturbing thing they have decided to do. @GOP Trump called democrats today obstructionist. Not true, if they can't see what is written
Keep up the good work on this. Thank you. You're doing America a solid. #Resist
@SenateMajLdr So you ARE ashamed. 
Shame on you @SenateGOP your constituents deserve better.  If you were proud of this bill, you'd let us see it.  #showusthebill
That bad huh? Not surprised. #NoAHCA
WHY
That's sleazy. Their health don't care bill isn't done until it's scored.
What country are we in???
Banana Republicans
Because we're all going to die
@SenateGOP Chickens, why not face the poeple with your great plan????
