In America the truth always comes out, @realDonaldTrump.
Lol more truth
Lol more truth
This is absolutely terrifying!! Where is the USA that I know!
Its hiding right in front of you.
Totally agree
Agreed.
Yes it does, tired of always watching this craziness 
Help me join the fight! My #PreexistingCondition  was having cancer while pregnant!
Lucky for you didn't have Obama care
Thanks 4 all your work to push for independent criminal http://investigation.GOP  continues 9 yr mandate 4 obstruction 2 further their agenda.
Yep the truth always comes out
Maybe waiting for a subpoena?
Do you believe McCabe then is either ignorant or covering something up as well?
Testimony time is OVER! Don't you get it! Trump will ANYTHING TO SAVE HIMSELF!! #TheResistance #indivisible
Yes! And special prosecutor. This is dire news. We have a Constitutional crisis now. This is a coup. Please do something!
Ha ha ha unplugged
The shit has just hit the. No where to run to no where to hide. What is an Orange Pussy Grabbing POTUS to do.
nanananana nanananana nanananana good-bye.
Lol more truth

He will come to testify. But he wants to make sure he's got all his ducks in a row and when time is right, he will testify.
bot
Yep the truth always comes out
Lindsey Graham, traitor extraordinare, just tweeted that this was a good move. Treasonous Republicans.
So grateful to have you as my representative in congress! We need your moral compass and integrity to heal the divisions in our democracy!
that might happen if the folks running the Congressional committee weren't GOP/KGB
I hear #SallyYates is a good lawyer - she should represent him and together they can spill ALL the beans!!!
How about U immediately call Comey to testify about relevant things LIKE, Hillary emails, Lynch tarmac meeting, & Donna Brazil's questions!!
but like, what the actual fuck - comey says he's in the middle of investigating the president and the president fires him. what.the.fuck.
He won't be able to discuss classified intel in open setting.
Maybe it's time we demand it's unclassified
Now we demand!! Not during Yates and clappers testimony, unmasking / spying on American citizens...nothing to see there. F ing lib fascist
You mean an update on his endless fishing trip to Russia?
Didn't you get killed this week, PEEPee?

Ah, you like Putin's PeePee Puppet's peccadillo? Then you'll like this.
I agree. He has lots of "splainin" to do.
WE AGREE, 1,000,000%
#COMEY
Please Sen. Wyden, u & other Sen.'s r our only hope 2 keep our COUNTRY safe! Stay on top of this! Or we r screwed!
Yes he should. This needs to happen now Senator, we're counting on you!
Yes wyden we're counting on you to do whatever is best for yourself and your lousy career. You've accomplished nothing except stirring shit.
Can he also testify about Hillary?
He has already spoken publicly about Clinton a lot! Actually he lied to Congress about it this week!
Was he reading your family's transcript? 
I get a lot of random ad hominem attacks on my last name, but I honestly cannot even figure this one out! Just sort of silly?
If you aren't related to the dynasty I apologize 
Whats to stop them from destroying everything Comey had on #Trumprussia
The career staff and the institution.
God I hope you're right! They can't have weeded out everyone who actually has ethics & values!
Not even close.   But they will try to shut it down, from above.

Need to have a Special Prosecutor appointed to work w/ those career staff
But what if congress doesn't appoint the special prosecutor? They don't seem all that worried about Trumps conduct & clear sabotage
You are right.  Congress needs to hold up every single thing until one is in place.
Trump may have gone too far here.
Need to call Congress!
Right! I can't imagine that they will all grow a conscious & do the right thing. Whoever Trump appoints won't do the right thing
Well I certainly hope they find out whatever information he has uncovered this far in the investigation
That's right he should be, and then it can be used against him for perjury.
As reading his letter, I think this will not lead anywhere, though. #ComeyFiring
If we are going to live on fantasy land why not just say "Comey shouldn't have been fired mid-investigation"?
Senator the recommendation did not come from Mr.Sessions. It came from the AG Assistant who was a democrat appointment by Obama.
excellent idea.
Oh PLEASE yes!!!+
He can be impartial & truthful now!
I think we need to purge DC of all the corrupt Mr Wyden. Which side are you on?
Sure, like u can't call the FBI yourself. The investigation is ongoing.
If ur propagandist butt was fired today the Sen continues
It's more important Comey is questioned on the investigation into Clinton & who put pressure on him to stop investigation into emails
Go get 'em, Senator. From 97123.
So make it happen
Nothing there there.
Just like he should have been immediately fired for "costing" Hillary the election? Remember that? Yeah good times...
Immediately. Before he dies "accidentally"..you can smell the lies coming from the White House. Comey needs witness protection...just sayin
Hear hear!
Lol you guys watch to much tv brainwashed
Done! Early next week!
Theres nothing to investigate here.
Trump had it wright all along!!
Yes, please!
Yes!!!!
Thank you. Keep it up
Rosie accused of child abuse once again!!!  https://freedomfirst.news/2017/05/03/breaking-rosie-odonnell-accused-of-child-abuse-for-second-time/ …
Anything less than an a special prosecutor is unacceptable! The possibility that Trump *might* have ties to Russia demands it. #resist
Now they'll likely label him a hostile witness to further discredit what he might have to say.
Yes he should like today

I stand for Country BEFORE Party. If you do too change your profile pic or pass this along to tour followers. #Countrybeforeparty 
Everyone has stated openly and under oath that they've found NOTHING. Go back to New Jersey carpetbagger.
Fight for it ,Senator Wyden! We Oregonians have your back!
I agree and where is all his notes?
Do you suspect him of being in bed with Russians?
We need a special prosecutor. If one can be called over a blue dress, one can certainly be called over treason & obstruction. No?
@maddow @SenateGOP @20committee Before he gets a special plutonium cocktail
(545)
Nah the truth can not come out as well! Always is hyperbolic!
I misread this. Thought it said comedy should be called.
Can he testify?
More realistic, Comey sh'd give an interview to JohnDickerson of CBS-TV, telling ALL. We are owed that. But of course, he won't.
Absolutely! But with the Repugs in charge of Senate & House, how would that happen? Does Sen. Burr have the stones? Doesn't look like it.
Why would @CNN Have Michelle Bachman on talking about FBI investigation she is the person said Obamacare would have DEATH PANELS
I think both closed and open hearings can be justified.  Americans want / need to hear but he also probably has classified he can't share.
I do agree!
I truly hope he is. It's really time for our non-GOP reps to step up and do the job.
Thanks again! Sounds like he has been invited - let's see if WH tries to stop him. Then the truth will be clear.
#I agree. And very soon please.
Yes. Is there a clause saying he can't testify as am independent Citizen of the United States? Let me know please.
Could his silence already be paid for by ORANGE Julius?!!
But didn't he flee the country??#
Pls don't let this slip through the cracks. Our democracy is at stake.
I agree!
....but THAT'S not going to happen!!!!
Maybe have him one of "fake news" sites to share what he knows
Make it happen Ron

Sen. Mark Warner says he and Chmn. Burr have invited James Comey to testify before the Senate Intel Committee on Tuesday.  — via @MSNBC 
I would think classified information would prevent him from doing so.
American People can't stand this any more!
The firing of Comey is welcomed, how he handled things during the  elections was disastrous. What's not welcome is the timing of his firing
Yes he should! Trump is trying to cover up his nefarious dealings with Russia and he needs to be held accountable for his actions!!
So proud to have you as our senator.  Keep up the excellent work defending the Constitution, and the principle of the founders.
I agree however if Comey did not say under oath the there was a investigation he'd been damned . He didn't comply with winking Pres bye bye
Yup
Comey commenting in public about investigation w/o indictments is how we got into this mess.
"Should"??? This SHOULD be a given considering that 45s entire administration may be complicit in this travesty! What is it going to take?!
The executive branch , the house and the supreme court are now too corrupt to function. All I see are senators preening for the cameras.
This perfect display of tweet  ignorance outweighs your war hero story. Comey ALREADY TESTIFIED NO EVIDENCE of COLLUSION.
Yes!
2 of 2 No one believes he was fired for bad behavior against Hillary. TO ME: LOOKS LIKE TRUMP'S GUILTY. The 'fake news' is coming from HIM
Why? If the investigation is/was going nowhere to begin with? He miraculously has proof now bc he was fired!? Lolol okaaaay.
there probably isn't any
Yes, Mr. Vice President, we, the people must have confidence in the FBI Dir, but more importantly, we must have confidence in the PRESIDENT!
DJT is not  t/1 I'm frighten of,t/Indelible Harm2our USA has come from t/#PartisanGopSen,Abrogated their Oath N"EXCH"for,Power #Pecunity&Pty
Comey was scheduled to appear. Efore the Senate Intel Comm, but they cancelled it. Why?
The new FBI head should immediately reopen the Hillary case as well.
As a resident of Oregon, I implore you: push your colleagues to request a special prosecutor, atty, or investigator for Russia investigation
Absolutely, so he can say, for the fourth time, there's no collusion.
@SMShow That would be priceless.
he also needs to be accountable for the meddling in the election and falsehoods re clinton. 
Simultaneous with the initiation of impeachment proceedings. We're done. Let's get it done. #ImpeachTrump #ComeyFiring
#TrumpCoverUp
Maybe if Wyden and our other Super Delegates had not helped Rig the Primary against Sanders we would not have Trump Problems!
I agree. Make it so Ron.
And it shouldn't be announced in advance!!!
Comey would be a true American Hero if actually testified the TRUTH about what he knows.  We will see if he doesn't and take $$ an Run .
And lock down all the current evidence!
Are his files being protected by an impartial (if there is such a thing anymore) entity? Anyone know the status of his work product?
Isn't he still scheduled to testify on Thursday?
I agree, but why wasn't the same request made regarding #BenghaziVideoNOT #FastFuriousGuns
openness is good
Yep
Okay, can we please do this? Grind Congressional business to a halt until this gets addressed, and special counsel is appointed?
YES!
OMG - the left is going crazy.
absolutely.  and OPEN hearing.  American people should know
I agree!!
He should tweet out all of the inside info it's time Americans heard it first hand enough screwing around
@realDonaldTrump look out Donald, I will tell you this, the noose is being prepared and will start closing very soon
Wouldn't do any good. He'll either change his answers every day & for important questions, can't answer because it's classified info
Lol day drinking get a life
Yes he should so the ridiculous notion that the Russian influenced the election will be  over with. If u don't know why trump yet resign
Comey should immediately be indited fer not prosecuteing Hillary" !
He's a crook" !
Time for impeachment proceedings. Abuse of power.
That would be great
@susieq201688 @Morning_Joe What do have to say about this #LindseyGrahamSC?? Preserving evidence sounds like a good idea, yes?
Yes I agree but VERY DISAPPOINTED in #LindseyGrahamSC ! He is Ecstatic that trump wants to bomb everything & cause his so called standing up
Already hung up the RS flag. #hanguparussianflag America has been hijacked. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #SallyYates #SallyYatesIsAPatriot
Absolutely.
He's only lied to congress at one in the last week so he's probably gotten that out of his system.  He'll be completely truthful this time
Yes!!
Yes!
And Sessions needs to be fired........Recluse my ass......Thinks they can do anything they want and get away with it.
You know full well he wouldn't be able to disclose anything in public. So if you are so concerned, call him & others in for closed hearing.
Now this I agree with.
Can't wait to hear your reaction there's no Russian bogeymen in the closet. It's irresponsible to spread baseless fear-mongering propaganda.
Hope his loyalists protect him w/a phalange of bodyguards- re: all the ruskies going down ?!?
RT
#DraftBernie #DNCFraudLawsuit #FeelTheBern #climatechange #TYTsucks
#NeoLiberalTYT #NoDAPL #BlackLivesMatter #DemExit #VoteThemOut
This is Nixonian. Timing is very direct now that Grand Jury subpoenas were just released. Trump should be impeached for Russian collusion

The canary in the coal mine just turned up its toes. https://twitter.com/lawfareblog/status/862063770637660160 … 
To fire the person investigating your alleged misconduct is an admission of guilt. It just gets worse..
Can you call him to testify?
Does he have to testify through the investigation?
Great if he spoke on his own, or held a press conference.
How much can he say about an ope investigation, though?
Be a patriot! get to the truth before the despot takes over entirely!
Please do everything you can, Senator, to make that happen. We're counting on you.
it's not like he can say. it's classified.
@JohnLeguizamo immediately .
just as Yates did.
The powerful Patriot Ron Wyden 
Is this hyperbole or something that Congress can accomplish? Senator, you've been in Washington for some time now, make it happen
Yes, please.
What's classified is still classified, and he's still bound. 
Isn't he still set to testify Thursday?
also Obama and heads of allied nation IC, spill all the beans to public, let public judge
@stholocene
Ron Wyden, I think I love you. So, the House Judiciary Committee has to start impeachment proceedings? How much will they take from Trump?
Now that Comey is out of the - call him to spill the beans- let him testify
Thank u for fighting for us. You and Merkley are my favorite Senators! I have 2 Trump sycophants & wish I was back in OR!
Ron is such a libtard
Please God, declassify everything. Let the truth be known.
I second that motion Ron!
Yup, that will happen. I see sharks swimming around trump, but he thinks they're goldfish
Comey needs to testify
These Mercenaries sold our nation to Russia, they stumped over our institutions and will ransack our land into misery. Goodbye America!
Why not?
Also: We NEED a Special Prosecutor NOW.
This is far beyond partisan anything. We need a bipartisan defense of our #Democracy. Wake up #GOP
Yes! Please make this happen.
Please, can we have a real special investigator?
@Anneredmond13 Trump's actions r so childish that you just know that he ate the cake, stole the toy... played footsies with Putin.
There is no colluding lmfao get over it ur libtards bs propaganda allegations is  and has no facts 
