How? If it makes us less safe then be specific. You dont get to make claims without backing them up @RonWyden . #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
It evicts 15,500 active duty and reserve members who are putting their life on the line for yours right now, immediately. That's how.
It does? He isnt banning gays and lesbians. There arent 15k transgenders. Get your BS straight.
Cite a source for your claims.
You do the exact same  if you're throwing numbers out you gotta say where theyre comin from bud
Gates G.J., Herman J.L., "Transgender Military Service in the United States," (2014) Williams Institute, UCLA School of Law.
Done. You next.
1320 - 6630 active duty, 830-4160 reserves, http://Military.com . Even by both our sources we're talking 0.1-0.5% of the military
YOU @RonWyden should be cleaning up your liberal cesspool of a state rather than slamming OUR MILITARY'S decision.

@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
He looks like a 1920s gangster.
started with the Nazis.. Bush family science project transgenders then Bill Clinton gay rights Obama his tranny wife Bruce Jenner..woman
Catholics called them Altar Boys they sacrifice them by pedophile they alter them by transgender Secrets Society USA Obama  Biden Clinton
Oh that's right you zombies politicians at buttcrack Hill.. don't have a clue it's about crack cocaine and butt cracks.. our government!
Obama gave Joe Biden medal of freedom to pedophile in a camera for Christmas pictures of the Senate children's how about that for freedom!?
This was done at the oral office the freedom medal of pedophilia transgender Obama's wife fact check it how about FEMA Walmart didn't know?
That is such a ludicrous statement, I shouldn't even bother responding.  Trump is putting military READINESS ahead of liberalism!
@BAM_Hollywood If transgenders want to serve America, there are many options. The military should not be one of them.
That's discrimination Just because someone doesn't feel right in their own skin doesn't mean they should be punished for it I'm ashamed forU
Trans patriots can find other ways to serve. Trans disorder is a handicap not conductive to military service.
You're basing off of sexuality instead of heart. Proper training, and physical requirements met should be able to see who qualifies.
No, darling! Apart from sexuality and physical standards, there is also psychological fitness to be considered. 
If they pass all the test you just listed what then? Another excuse?!?!
Psych tests r part of mil entrance process. If unsure of gender, doubtful u can handle battle stress. Just sayin...
Let's just agree to disagree because we are entitled to our own opinions. I c where ur coming from but I don't agree! Bottom line!
I don't how? Neither does Lady Gaga what are you gonna do have them on drugs to cope with their problems while serving in the military?
You need to pay there medical cost if you want them there and no reduced requirements because they cant pass current one
#idiot
Soldiers are supposed to stand and fight for the rights of all Americans. we cannot pick and choose and expect to have a healthy democracy.
They cannot give security they are busy getting surgery which they cannot do anything and we pay.
Brilliant words from the great Senator from New York.
Hello
Political correctness does not belong in the military.
I'll take political correctness over plain ole bigotry.
I guess you will NOT take MEDICAL and MILITARY expert's opinions though I mean, what the hell do they know right?
I dont think its much political correctness as it is a literal medical condition- specifically, a mental illness that may require treatment.
It's not a mental illness.
Fact is there are only 2 genders determined in the womb , all else is BS & chemicals .Still doesn't change X & Y chromsones .
Have you served? I have and the President is right!
The president is a draft dodger
Maybe it's time for a general strike. We can't allow our fellow Americans to have rights taken away
No rights there mentally ill individuals are not allowed to participate in the army. Gender dysphoria is not normal... Wake the hell up !
I understand your fear. But I disagree
I'm not afraid but allowing physiologically  challenged people in the army is like putting a bipolar individual in the battlefield just stop
Are you a psychologist? You just stop.
No but I can read, the military is no social experiment... Welcome to the real world! https://www.psychiatry.org/patients-families/gender-dysphoria/what-is-gender-dysphoria …
Your logic makes absolutely no sense. Please go away and never return.
Oh, shut up, Wyden. You know nothing about unit cohesion and how it matters in a combat unit. You  respect the military
LIAR! transgenders are costing taxpayers 4 Billion dollars a year for gender reassignment! that money should be used for injured VETS!
I suspect Trump is trying this in an attempt to change the narrative from Russia to this.
The Armed Services don't cater to any other form of mental illness. NYS's third senator should know that.
Heck Trump may have transgenders or some of the LGBT protecting him now... and how will he feel about that. Trump make no sense .
thank you Senator. Proud to have you represent our great state!
I have served during DA/DT. No problem with gay friends in military. But they didn't recieve special attention. Didn't ask for anything more
I don't care if they serve. But my tax dollars are not there to pamper TG. I'm sick of the world having to change to make them comfortable
Trump chooses science and facts, keeps the mentally ill from destroying the military any further.
It makes the troops uneasy and makes life more difficult. Has Ron ever served?
The United States military is not a Petrie dish for every half cocked idea of the progressive leftists.
I didn't see you in the Military? Did I just miss you? I actually thought you were gay 30 yrs ago when you went into politics.
Since you voted No on the healthcare bill you'll be voted out of office.
Especially given trump's avoidance of military duty. What a hypocrite trump is!
Trump may not actually be a bigot. Not a trait of sociopaths, they see everyone as the same - objects they can exploit for their own gain
Why don't you hire them as your security staff since you feel so gunho about it
Thank you for your support, Senator Wyden.
Less safe, putting thousands out of work.  Got the attention he needed for the day.  He loves keeping his name up front in the news.
GOP chose by bigotry (aca. Obama) all the time.only like straight rich white men
How?
Our President is doing what's best for the military.. You democrats need to quit judging and let God do that!
you are off base here.
Distracting from health care debacle and Russia probe. No care for who's hurt. #ClassicTrump
It takes non distractions to be military- ready-able at moments notice to be offensive and defensive. Can't be 'feeling' any other way.
I've heard more bigotry come out of your mouth Ron. You pass judgement on half of your constituency on a regular basis.
How?
@fox12oregon DOJ: discrimination against trans. people is prohibited under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act. Can EO negate this?
Could have put all Trannys in Syria on the front line.


@BAM_Hollywood We are absolutely safer not defraying funds from preparedness to transgender medical issues.
@BAM_Hollywood A It's not bigotry! It's a matter of practicality and preparedness!
You said it's not bigotry you know damn well it is America the land of the free The military has more jobs than just fighting front lines
Like I said, it's also a matter of practicality. The military can't afford the attendant med costs of trans.
Good for the president
Seems like just another small minded, narrow, bigoted, ignorant and arrogant decision by Trump, or did he take advice from his evil minions?
If someone can pass the physical and boot camp why can't they serve. If a trans person touches you do you turn gay. Or traitor. Or ugly.
your a joke you dont even want to stop the invasion of America from islam
- I am a registered Republican that has voted for you since I was 18.  You've lost your mind, moved left,  and I'm moving on.
Seriously????
@fox12oregon I completely support your statement! Unpeeling yet another lie from his campaign statements.
B.S. In order for the military to be a top notch team they don't need those issues and cost which make it weak and expensive
Once again Wyden shows why he is so out of touch and needs to go.
Obama ordered a yr long inspection @RonWyden- soldiers shouldn't die bc of avoidable distractions/episodes witnessed in non-military jobs.
what else is new?
What?? Your progressive policies make our country less safe.  That's a lot more serious than this.  You need to go!!!
Thank you for your statement. What do you intend to do to put pressure on this issue?
I really do want you to explain how Ron,,,,how?
This is about the expense of paying for their trans medical expenses. Remember how much debt the US is in?
How much did Melania cost, not living at WH & trumps golf trips on taxpayers money?
It makes our soliders safer. You don't want someone with a loaded gun and a mental illness charged with protecting you. It's a security risk
people with mental disorders shouldn't be serving. and they were only joining to get their surgery for free.
He doesn't care who serves in the military. He's just desperately trying to change the subject. Don't let him!
How does this make us less safe?
Can't you find anything else to rant about?  Our military serves to protect the country, don't need distractions.
He's shutting out mental illness.
A millionaire politician, who was never in the military, thinks he knows more about keeping America safe than the Generals do. 
Put his ass in the service and send him to Afghanistan!
you suck!
How?  How do you come to such a conclusion?  HOW?
That's very confusing.
Coming from @potus who was too much of a coward to serve his country, that's rich.
And in which branch have you served?
I concur.  How will he know who is or isn't?
Do you understand the physical/mental challenges these people face everyday? How about the cost? I think not. There are other ways to serve.
Last time I checked, the Military is not a rehabilitation program! 
#MAGA
Who is Ron Wyden, really? Why should we listen to him? He doesn't live in Oregon.   He needs to be replaced!!
#Ny3rdSenator #notMySenator
I think people who are mentally unstable and has the highest suicide rate today should not participate in the military, is not bigotry
Transgender people are NOT mentally unstable & IF if they have higher suicide rate, it's b/c oppression,discrimination,rejection by society
Bullshit, bullying has nothing to do with this, trasgender has been studied to be linked with depression already
Not bigotry...ensuring their safety as well as ours...
Saw trannie walk into ladies room then c go to mens room shaking their head. If they cant figure which bathroom ..yea hand them a gun
Can the Sr embarrassment from NY, ahh, Oregon please explain how this makes us less safe?
Out of the estimated 700,000 in he entire US, how many WANT to actually serve.  I'm guessing small %
How so? These people are under severe delusion. You really want that in military combat?
Trump is hateful, a coward and small minded.  This is why Putin and all the world thugs can play him.  He must be impeached immediately
He's a master of distraction
This is exactly what 45 is doing
Twisted logic
He chose the other way ...bwhy r u blind ?
No, Senator, it does not. Having a mental illness, like Gender Dysphoria, is an automatic disqualifier. What next, allow perverts in?
Says the clown who thinks everyone is a Russian spy . All you do nothing liars hopefully will get voted out. #Frauds #Crooks #DemocratClowns
You apparently missed the point!
Transgender individuals have a 40% suicide rate. This seems like a reasonable decision to me.
If that were a valid point (which it isn't), what of the high percentage of suicides based on PTSD as a result of service?
Hi Andrew, high suicide rates as a result of service are terrible, but I don't think they're anywhere close to 40%.
What? Whether it's right or wrong to do this is one thing, but suggesting America is less safe because certain people can't enlist is absurd
Get a clue libtard
You're not really so naive that you think people suffering from gender dysmorphia and requiring constant medical treatment are good for army
Our military needs to focus on protecting our country rather than using resources for transgender surgery
You, sir,  are wrong! People who are mentally ill/unstable, should NOT be protecting our country! Common sense is not bigotry...

You should sponsor legislation, Senator.
How many trans people would join the military just to get the free surgery? How much time served  would be spent recovering from surgery?
tRump and the Gop strategy distract & divide while they can line pockets and eliminate healthcare for the poor.
Your ignorance knows no bounds. Military is not an experiment! Time to investigate you & big pharma donations.
We'll be fine. Drama queen.

You speak from experience?  You've fought in war?  You know what a battle tested soldier thinks?  Unit cohesion matters more than feelings.
If your love for your country is greater than yourself, you will stay out from any transgender activity.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
Thank you for representing our state so well @RonWyden!
What a self righteous thing for you to say
this is seriously twisted, this freak needs 2 b in a mental institution and not running our country, impeach him already!
Twisted ? Freak ?  PORUS putts big our security first !! Wake up ?
Please save our democracy! I have never been so fearful in my 64 years.
MARCH ON WASHINGTON! Enuff of his crap.
Did you ever serve? You are a complete bafoon and an embarrassment to Oregon!
Will this "cause" piggyback a Better Deal?
Remember when it was convenient for him to love them???
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
Just because he like them that doesn't mean he has to ruin the military. It's not that they are trans. It's that it will distract.
That is the most retarded statement ever.
Stripping away civil rights one tweet at a time
What civil right is being stripped? #notMySenator #Ny3rdSenator
The right to serve in the military
Serving in the military is not a right, it is a privilege. And privileges can be revoked.
The world health organisation considers it a mental illness. Would you allow others with mental health issues to serve?
ANY issues that distract +take away from goals of military should b banned. More impt things than worry about His:her:our bathrooms! Libtard
Your voice sounds 100x better over Twitter Senator Wyden. Appreciate you thinking of us.
Mr. Senator.  Please start helping.  This thing where you critic everything is really tiresome.  Help with the healthcare sit.  Save Lives!
Presser Mr.Wyden!!
Hard working common Americans do not care. This is a radical left issue only ! Fact
big·ot
ˈbiɡət/
noun
a person who is intolerant toward those holding different opinions.

You're welcome.
OnceU let people with physical/psych probs in military,military owns the problems&tax payers pay4them for life!Asthmatics also not allowed!
No Sen Snowflake. US military has one mission-To WIN. Has NO TIME to play footsie pootsie + cater to ANY mental instabilities of ANYONE!
Please fight this, Senator!!!  Can he make this a law via tweet?  Doesn't seem right.  Are we now under a dictatorship?  Help!
Military service is NOT a right. Just because you want to doesn't mean you can or should.
Ya, his tweet has the extreme right all giddy.  Putin and Bannon are celebrating, no doubt.  I see the Rebel flag on your page, so I see...
I can't serve in the military because I'm farsighted and have OCD. Where's my civil rights brigade? Let Blind Neurotic People Serve!!!!
@RonWyden you have no clue what u r talking about! My husband served this country 4 25 years! It does cause issues!
It is also a way to get their expensive transgender surgery paid for completely. Get real.
They're already serving. How are they going to handle this? Omg.
THAT is probably why the Brass is advising the president the way they are. THEY are the ones seeing the problems.
THAT doesn't make sense. THIS president doesn't like LGBTs. At least be honest about it.
Oh PLEASE!Trans have so many problems and want expensive surgery&kneed counseling.A distraction & tax payers should NOT have to pay for that
Trump is deflecting the discussion again from the AG and Russia
Oh please
Beyond bigotry. He's an out of control maniacThinks he's king. Unbridled hatred is all that motivates him.Congress needs to take action now.
Military service is NOT a right. You don't get to enlist just because you want to.
What??????????????
Impeach him today. What in the hell are you guys and girls waiting for? Are you not allowed by your donors to save America? Do it.
There are a number of articles that must be reached first before you can simply impeach someone. Also it does not equal removal from office.
Really??  Cause I was around for Clinton when you "Christians" barbecued him for less.
You're confusing Christians & Republicans 1st off. Second he was caught in an indefensible obstruction of justice. Impeached but not removed
Will this survive first contact with the Courts?
The military is an entity of itself. The military is not governed by civilian courts.
Is this a curve ball to allow the Republicans to continue dismantling the ACA?
If you're paying attention you know that Republicans don't need to dismantle ACA. It will do that all on its own.
Another victory for Ivanka the moderate... What does she do again? Oh, right, changes Donnie's diaper.
Red meat and distraction for the base to cover health care vote and Russia issues...
