It's clear the buck stops anywhere but with the Commander in Chief.
It's clear the POTUS is only a President for the "loyal" few not for the majority of Americans. When did his oath of office change?
Yeah that's why he was overwhelming elected by the people.He's only not the President to a few left wing liberals who lost Congress, Senate
Uh no...he not elected by the majority, but by an outdated electoral system. Did his oath say he'd defend/protect..unless he didn't agree w/
So u want Calif and New York to decided the President? Because that where 70% of Hillary votes came from which is why we have electoral.
Because Heaven knows that Dems are so willing to work with Republicans on ANYTHING! Your way or the highway Ronnie?
If Republicans wanted to fix the ACA, many democrats would be on board. Problem is GOP "plan" always starts with repeal.
Not one Dem has offered to cross the aisle and work with Republicans. All Wyden ever says is that he's going to obstruct everything.
No Dem is going to cross the aisle as long as the conversations start with "repeal." If GOP truly wants to fix ACA, they'll get support.
I don't want ACA "fixed". It will just keep breaking. Repeal it and replace it with something that will work instead of breaking us.
So you agree that the government should be involved in HC? It will never be "fixed" as long as ins. companies profit off the sick and dying.
No I don't, but folks have already gotten a taste of "free" and won't give it up, replace. You buy car insurance? Should you have to?
"Life" is an unalienable right according to the constitution. Driving a car is not. So car insurance and health insurance are comp different
We tried the free market before ACA...it didn't work. It left too many uninsured and stuck with bills they couldn't afford. Remember?
The government's involvement is not the reason for the high premiums. Insurance company's add too much un-necessary overhead.
Obamacare isn't bipartisan... Obamacare cost me way more money and less coverage... Single white mother of four... Obamacare cost me my job.
How did it cost you your job? Doesn't make any sense... #Obamacare | #ACA works in CA. What state R U in,+why haven't U spoken 2 ur reps?
Obamacare raised the price of premiums and deductibles with less coverage in my small business insurance- in Ron's state! He's full of shyt
Correction, greedy insurance agencies raised it.
We need a medicare for all.
Medical insurance companies are just out to make money.
Your right there, but imagine if healthcare providers were no longer in the private sector. What that would do to lower cost of care.
No competition = prices go skyward  to anything they want- quality goes lower. Government should only hold up laws, nothing else-I own a biz
If we stuck 2 DEM #Obamacare pkg versus GOP sabotage w removing single payer frm deal. #ACA Patti, do you apply 4 SB tax credit? #WealthCare
I'm sure my CPA uses whatever legal credits are allowed. It doesn't help the individual
MO
I fail to see how the #ACA crumbling under it's own weight is "sabotage".
Authoritarians don't do bipartisan
Medicare for all!
The insurance companies should not be worried about profit!
They should be worried about helping people!
To bad the rest of us will know you own it along with the GOP.
We can do better though. Healthcare act needs to be unburdened. 
#SinglePayerNow #HealthCareReform 
Say no to #CorporateGovernment
Looking in the mirror aren't you?
Sabotage? Let it fail. I've seen nothing but hot air from Dems attempt to repair Obamacare. Only obstruct. @POTUS is not responsible for it.
He is simply unfit to hold office
You want to keep sticking fingers in boat holes, go down with the ship..
The only reason he wants to " fix health care " is because the current one was made by a black man
Hang in there Senator. Thanks for speaking up for Oregonians and all Americans
We want THE same health CARE you ALL HAVE  FOREVER  THANk YOU OBAMA'S FIRST
LMAO! Good one Wyden! You are the exact person who has gotten our country and state in the fiscal mess we're in.
You are the Dems are the bipartisan party  WAKE UP & DO SOMETHING INSTEAD OF THE constant blaming .HOW OLD ARE YOU 5.
From the "sucks to be you" school of compassionate leading.
He tried the bipartisan solution, no one wanted it.
He hasn't done anything remotely bipartisan since he took office.
He suggested the republicans write up a replacement bill for Obamacare, instead of #FullRepeal which is what they were originally going for.
Trump wanted to be partisan and claim a win for his party. He keeps blaming Democrats for the losses over the health care bills.
He actually tried being bipartisan, Dems have just refused to negotiate.
The Dems have officially own up to the ACA. They want to fix the problems in the existing law. The GOP has failed to make better bill.
Destroying that they created is definitely going create opposition to any replacement plan that the GOP has.
We need to kick out the insurance industry and mandate a single payer healthcare system. Healthcare coverage shouldn't be for profit.
Dems only want to fix Obama care by shoring up the insurance companies.  Dems already asking for money for this purpose.  Repeal.
He's a sociopath playing with people's lives. Sickening.
Trump shows his true colors again.  A no class, vengeful, uncaring hack.  Shame on him and all who support/excuse him.
Or any work at all
too bad he won't just leave it alone but we all know GOP will still try to chip away at it to sabotage like Rubio did with risk corridors.
Hey, this is your deal. Your party destroyed it. Affordable, Affordable, Affordable.  Said the woman with the club.
Not just Trump, but nearly every Republican in the House and Senate feel this way.
More hyperbole Senator. Why are you afraid of giving your constituents facts? Is it because they'll see right through your bs?
Dems sold people's lives in for election campaign funding, when they rejected single payer and passed a handout for the insurance industry
He wants to destroy everything American #putinsboy
How many R votes did you get on O'care? Zero! Dems changed the rules to pass? Very shifty. Who's partisan? #Oregon #OregonGop
And you spent the last hour many years letting it get to the point it is in now?
Just saw that announcement. He & the GOP will own h/c no matter what it's called. He's the laziest prez in the modern era! #NotLBJ
trump is so possessed by his inner demons--its a beauty contest & alas, he has become one with the fugly stick. he is not a leader.  he is
Says the obstructionist.
Revenge Rule: A little minded molesting man, petty in thought & criminal in deed w/a pubescent crush on  'Strong Man' Erdogan image.
Remember: the entirety of the GOP is responsible for this administration, not just Trump himself.
Because he's ignorant!
Disappointing
Snakes tend to be solitary creatures, except when grabbing things they shouldn't.
@feinberg_linda @voxdotcom does he know he's actually president?
The ACA was failing before Trump! Cost out of control and at bes, unaffordable!  Portland and Eugene libs smoking too much weed!! Get real!
@realDonaldTrump "I'm not going to own it"...this from the person who "claims" to "represent all Americans".....what a joke
Isn't sabotaging a law of the land a violation of the oath of office DJT took?
This is NOT a president. This is just some run of the mill ignoramus who just so happens to be president.
Oh yeah, the ACA had all kinds of support from the GOP!  All work done behind closed doors and then passed with no GOP Votes.. lib lemmings!
Thank you for saying that! I feel like it's a cruel game played by spoiled brats
Just remember we heard it here first...
Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
When 25% your GOP representatives don't wish to govern but actually want to tank the system, don't expect legitimate legislation from them.
Good point
This is what Republicans do they obstruct and sabotage
Yes
That's cuz he is a lazy little man boy who understands nothing re govt or policy..whether good or bad.He technically is a bit of a moron...
This is NOT acceptable...he lacks the ability to exercise the powers and duties of office. I'm reviewing the Presidential Succession Act..
The Dems need to explain in layman's terms how the Pres is killing ACA with Executive Orders and directives. Only then, people will rise up.
Good point
Shameful.
They sure will sabotage it.  Count on it.
Great news!  Let Obamacare die.
He is a truly hateful person
He now represents a Clear and Present Danger to the health and safety of the American public. Pls draft articles of impeachment, immediately
I have to admit, Trump is even more appalling than I thought he'd be
Somebody should put this message on Fox channel, so the president can see it, too!
Tell me, how bipartisan was ACA?
Was not bipartisan!!
Then be bipartisan and repeal failing Obamacare, can't wait to vote u out from Oregon we are hurting but non of u give a cap for us people
Correction: the president would rather sabotage healthcare markets & gamble with people's health than do ANY work at all
He boldly wears his HATE on his sleeve. Pathetic excuse for a human being.
Elected officials sworn to help constituents can not abandon those relying on ACA. Letting markets fail is dereliction. Thank you @RonWyden
Yes
Lives. He'd rather gamble with their lives.
"Wyden" your view, Sen. Wyden: old man Trump would rather sabotage the American way of life than do bipartisan work.
I'm pretty sure no one see it the right way.u can't afford Obama care.hell I am middle class
#NeverRepeal
Trump will sooo regret that comment.
pretty sure he's not interested in doing ANY work, for that matter.
Ron, I would like to have intelligent conversation with you on my radio show. I am pretty sure we do not see politics in the same way
Even fox can't make him sound good.
Time for all parties involvoled to sit down and do what the people want. thise that dont...will get voted into history. VOTE 2018 and 2020!!
he needs to be removed from the White House.
THIS is the talking point that all Dems need to hammer home!
Yes
