where do they go to get their reputations back.  due process is guaranteed by the constitution. every one should be afforded it.
Are you referring to the accused that regained due process that is guaranteed in Constitution?  They seem better off.
they had no option to answer the allegations made by this woman who wound up taking a plea for falsley accusing them.
Another step to undermine public education in this country. Every teacher or principal I have talked to is outraged at the action of DeVos.
Please ask them to speak up. We need experts, professionals to be brave & have courage to say THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE TREATMENT FOR OUR KIDS
Every little voice when joined with many becomes a choir. Fight school discrimination, Fight gutting public school funding. Spk up. Spk out.
Yeah, school funding sure is being gutted.
In 1970 when your chart starts I bought a house for $9800. That same house is now valued at over $600,000. Costs have skyrocketed. No news.
"adjusted to constant 2012 $"

Maybe you're right and we do need more school funding after all. Reading comprehension skills seem deficient.
Cato Institute was found and is funded by Charles Koch who is an enemy of public schools, the social safety net, and universal health care
If you really cared about public schools, you'd be bothered by the stagnating performance despite massive funding increases.
What @BetsyDeVosED did was give my sons due process .  How can you be against that? The world has gone insane.
Deep in her heart she has a fantasy of being raped. Is it a mental or fetish desire? Do we go with bondage, leather or whips? Only she knows
four football players were just exonerated from false rape accusations. they were expelled from school. reputations ruined. no due process.
SHAME
Absolutely horrible. What a monster.
That's just not true.
Betsy has never had the experience of being overwhelmed by an intoxicated frat boy. It's not okay. I don't understand her reasoning.
Get her out!!
This is beyond comprehension, how does she live with herself?!
Guess this is her way of making sure there are more vaginas for her boss, @realDonaldTrump, to grab.
Trump administration is good at taking away, but that is the easy part. Replacing with something BETTER is beyond their ability level.
It's called due process. You're a United States Senator for heavens sake!
Make no mistake - Ron Wyden and the rest of the Democrats want the Soviet Union here.

Americans have rights, Ron, including the accused.
Puppet, U never have anything positive to say about anything that this pres./ his cabinet are doing to improve our Gov. U will b left Bhind.
She is a disgrace to our gender.
Liar
? Nonsensical reply
How so Cathie Joy Young?
Who are you calling liar?
Ron Wyden
How? She is revoking the policy. Where is the lie?
Are you pro- rape culture?
The change makes it easier to arrest alleged rapist & put in jail without forcing alleged victim to testify. Read it & educate yourself.
are you listening, chrissy tiegen?
and if thst happened chrissy tiegen would lose the only thought that her mind is capable of generating.
how dare those accused be afforded due process. if that happened, mattress would have been exposed for the phony that she is.
Nice of her to make it easier for guys to drag an unconscious woman behind a dumpster for "20 minutes of action"
So #Ny3rdSenator hates due process. #liberalsAreNuts #notMySenator
O's bill harmed innocent people.  This is a new era, women can speak up/out without needing special "privileges". We are stronger now.
Devos is a puppet in a government full of unqualified appointees. Doing damage is her assignment.
Huge leap backwards into past, when we struggled against violence against women on campus
Now my 3 daughters fight it
#stopviolenceoncampus
They will tout a decrease in reported assaults as a win....when in reality, victims will go underground and not report. Sad, sad, sad.
So Ron Wyden are you saying removing due process from accusations is a good thing? Kim Jung Un aka #RocketMan agrees with you! #Trump #MAGA
Cause Jesus.
#Devos is a #BozoClown. Dump her! She belongs in lily-white bucktooth country!
As a rape and abuse survivor, this hits close to home. Women are in danger enough as it is.
Does she not have the feelings to protect our future generation? I hope the colleges will ignore her and protect students anyway.
If it's so important, why isn't it a law and not a regulation. Wait!  It's already a law!!  Rescind stupid Obozo regs.
It makes ALL female students less safe. But those very few who are "falsely accused." Well, they're better off. #ImpeachTrumpNow
how does requiring due process makes people less safe? I guess by your estimation the soviet union was the safest place in the world.
And you call yourself a civil libertarian? Lol.
Thread
Betsy DeVos rescinds #TitleIX sexual assault guidance, citing rape myths & anecdotes from MRA websites.

My latest…
Did she make sexual assault legal? If not, I think crime is a matter for police.  Due process is meant to provide equal protection.
I am sure if DeVos was raped, or any of her college age relatives, she would demand different treatment than what the bill mandates.
Only if you want feminists prosecuting men in a court of safe spaces.
No what she did was level playing field. Accusations need 2 B investigated:  we live in society that says we R innocent until proven guilty!
#Democrats hate law and justice and, ... oh yeah the U.S. Constitution as well. I'll stand with Mrs #DeVos! #DueProcess
Bull. Schools should get out of the law enforcement business .  Where ever young people congratulate sex and sex crimes occur
Trump keeps putting unqualified people in positions of power.  All to undo everything that President Obama did.  He has great hatred, SAD!
What makes students less safe is your ANTIFA friends smashing & burning at college campuses
, I thought @BetsyDeVosED would bring more headlines but her #shitshow #castmembers #upstage her... @latimes
Mother of sons, please step up and have a talk about rape and assault of women.
Due process is a fundamental Right.
Make no mistake by hiding the TDA accounts and public trust funds makes U.S. Citizens more in debt
You lie a lot Ron. It must be a #Democrat and #HillaryClinton thing! #Dems love to lead with fear & false hysteria! #CollegeLife
She is awful.
Actually Betsy DeVos is great! She brought due process back to all. PS: It's in US Constitution remember! I know, you hate Constitution.
Is there ANYTHING you can make a positive comment about concerning this administration?
Thank God failed #Obama reign is over and lying #CrookedHillary will NOT see inside of White House again! That's positive for Americans!
I am an ACTUAL RAPE SURVIVOR. #MattressGirl others who #LieCryWolf make it more difficult  4 REAL VICTIMS 2 come forward. #TheMoreYouKnow
@BetsyDeVosED The scales of justice are back at campuses.I watch CSPAN &stay informed @RonWyden Students lives have been ruined #LieCryWolf
Ron Wyden & most #Democrats care little about justice and ruined lives! But they love lies and the advance of the socialist state! #College
Why are you against due process?
L.A Times... Might as well be new york times or wash compost
Everything you and your cronies do make Americans less safe
How ? Do you people not understand Due Process law ?
Cruella DeVos = CINO
puppet 4 racist,sexist trump.2 them victims have no rights.its a shame how Trump is wrecking America.
Silly delusional ann. Liberals think lie's are truth and truth are lies! Idiot socialist globalist hypocrite #Dems!
Right, the "Presumption of Innocence" and the Idea that we are a Nation of Laws is baffling you? Guess you prefer Administration memos 
This whole regime cares nothing for anyone but the rich. They love America and hate Americans. Make no mistake. Patheticly shameful
We have evils ruining our country right now. Keep fighting the good fight Senator and thank you for your hard work 
Liberal socialist #Democrats and #RocketMan Kim Jung Un love removing due process from citizens. That's what evil is silly cathie. #Trump
She needs removed from office. What a disgrace.
Due process is in Constitution. Something you are supposed to defend Ron.
Damn Russian Government
FOLLOW THE MONEY, RON.  THERE HAS TO BE A "BUSINESS" REASON HERE OR MISS BETSY BOOP WOULDN'T GET INVOLVED...
Follow his money too!!
They all get rich off politics
I'm so glad I don't have children yet. In no way would I want a child be grow up in this current state. 
Ron, I'm sure you don't believe in innocent until proven guilty.
Why don't they just let girls yell rape and kick all the boys out of school
#MAGA
