As ranking member of @SenateFinance, let's move forward on a bipartisan basis to  health costs & improve care.
Enjoyed your passionate statements last night. Thank you for using your voice to speak for so many others.
Obamacare is high premiums and sky high deductibles- bankrupts most who were forced to buy it unless its the obama State Medicaid plan! Free
Single-payer
Only if the federal government says they may breathe: Dark day in Amerika.
Thank you for standing up for us.
Thank you Senator Wyden for your tireless efforts serving Oregonians with care.
Thank you, Senator Wyden!
Thank you so much such a relief.  We must fix the ACA or have a single payer plan!
I'm so grateful my daughter and her family live in Oregon and have such a great representative in Washington keep up the good work!!
Thank you Senator @RonWyden - what a wonderful thing it has been knowing you have our backs!
How embarrassing! Portland all over Fox News protecting these criminal aliens as a sanctuary city! What if your wife/daughter was attacked?
The Health Care failure continues for millions. Subsides are not sustainable. Hollow victory to morn by those that understand the reality.
Thank you @RonWyden! Now let's get @realDonaldTrump's tax returns! 
Thanks for nothing now I get to pay for someone elses healthcare too
Thanks! & BTW Trump’s 1st Obstruction chg. should have been firing Yates 2 cover 4 Flynn & 2nd Obstruction chg firing Comey 2 cover 4 Flynn!
Thanks Ron for all your work and the comments that you made in CNN. Keep it going
Good job!
Thanks for standing tough Senator Wyden. NE-PDX
An Oregonian with Lupus thanks you for her healthcare!
Thank you!!!
Thank you, Mr Wyden, for having our backs.
I'm sure you are breathing well
Thank you for your hard work Senator Wyden!
Keep up the great work sir!!!
Thank you for all of your hard work.

Thank you Senator for all your hard work #TheResistance has #Persistence
Job is far from done.  Lets be grownups about this and craft the best in the world!  STOP! with the politics. People are depending on you.
Thank you Senator for your tireless efforts here! It was a hard won battle and as an Oregonian, proud to have you represent our voices!
Breath a little easier? You're a disgrace. My premiums going up 58% in 2018 & ded is $11k. I don't get health insurance for FREE.
Thank for all your handwork on behalf of everyone :D
Thank you for your leadship on such potentially destructive issues.
Mr. Wyden - Obamacare is a death wish.  I'm curious on why you want us to die and suffer? http://rightwingnews.com/top-news/obamacare-will-take-away-your-children/ …
Thank you Ron!!
Thank you Senator !!!
Thank you for standing up for the middle class, Senator.
You've always been a man of the people.  I remember running next to you on treadmill at Lloyd Athletic, thinking he's one of us!  Thank you!
Thank you Senator Wyden. Proud to be an Oregonian with you & Senator Merkley watching our backs!
Ron we need to start with a basic single payer program for all with private insurance options
RECALL Wyden!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sad Sad day in America.  Politicians like you still lining their pockets at the expense of the American people.  Shame Shame Shame
Thank you, Senator Wyden... for all of your important work that we see and for that which happens behind closed doors.
Keep up the good work Senator Wyden... we are lucky to have you fighting for all that's good about America!
I tell you Ron Wyden is one tough Senator. I would hate to have to appear before him. I'm sure glad he is a Democrat.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, Senator, for staying strong and voting no and standing up for us!!
Now we're stuck with failing Obamacare.
#CongressSucks
Thank you for your leadership and tireless efforts to stop trumpcare! Oregon stands with you!
Thank you Senator for all your hard work and dedication!
Push some Medicare for all sir..
Thank you, Sen. Wyden!
Thank you, Senator Wyden!  We see how hard you are working for us!
You mean the migrants paid for for life and their families the illegals that we pay with OUR taxes can breath easier? Be truthful Ron!
Thank you Senator for fighting for us!
Thank you Senator Wyden! You represent us well.
Thank you for your tireless work to defeat these bills. Oregon is proud
Thank you Sen. Wyden for working so hard for all of us here in Oregon.
Thank you!  So proud of you and @SenJeffMerkley for your leadership in this fight! Thank you!
Thank you Senator Wyden, for fighting those who accept taxpayer funded healthcare but wish to deny it to millions of Americans
No, I can not breath easier. Due to your votes  we can not afford health care. We are bled dry by the #ACA caused premium increases
Thank you Senator! We appreciate you listening and fighting for us.
So where's your solution and bill to fix this mess that your party put us in Senator?
You called Medicaid a "caste system." No way you believe in your heart that ObamaCare is good policy.
Thank u Sen Wyden for leadership on this issue.Stay strong on Russia investigation.We need free & fair election assurance in 2018 & beyond.
Sir, I am so very proud that you are my Senator. Thank you!
Your a joke. You passed Obamacare this is on you. Hypocrite liar. If I change my name to orhay will you take my call
Your leadership in Washington means so much to the citizens of the NW.  Thank you for being a very good rep on healthcare.
Thank you for your hard work.
Thank you!
Run the middle class has lost their choice of insurance don't you care about them? Why are you even celebrating Obamacare is a wreck.FIX IT
*Ron

Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, thank you
Saw you passionate speech live on the floor. Thank you for all your hard work for Oregon.
You are in the minority for one reason. America needs Obamacare gone. It is failing as I write this, and you know it.

thank you!!!!!
Thank you sir!!!
Grateful beyond words. Sleep well. Much thanks and love. 
Thank You as Well! I am so Thankful and Proud of You and Our Whole Democratic Party and Leaders! Please Give Thanks To Repubs Voting No 4 us
Thank you, Senator,, @RonWyden for keep fighting for us. Proud Oregonian :)
@Marianne_1960 Thank u Senator for standing up for all Americans 
Thank you thank you thank you for your leadership and determination!!!!
Thank you Ron!
thank you for consistently listening to the American people.
Thank you @RonWyden @SenateDems for protecting America's right to healthcare!

#FixACA
#SaveOurCare
#Medicare4All
#KillViagraFunding
Thank you!
Thank you!!
Proud of you and @SenJeffMerkley for doing your jobs as promised.
Welcome for the efforts...dialing finger was getting tired. It was a daily challenge. All those that went to rallies + offices...thanks!
Thank you from Ohioans.
Republicans are not off the hook for healthcare. The Trump admin owns the law of the land and its failure is his failure.
Thanks Ron! You and Jeff make me super proud to be an Oregonian. Thanks for doing the right thing for Oregonians and all Americans!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you from Portland 
Republican NEVER intended to repeal the ACA. It was just Politics and Using the hate from their base to win elections. This was admitted.
Thank YOU, FOR ALL YOU DO.
Thank you Mr Wyden fighting the good fight for the American people.  .  Much love and respect from Boston #TheResistanceRules
https://ballotpedia.org/Ron_Wyden 
Look at his voting history and experience. We are lucky to have this man. Send letters. Explain instead of threaten.
A solid democrat follower.  He doesn't care about anything except the democratic agenda.  Democrats who want the truth get'em at the polls
Thank you, Sen. @RonWyden! So grateful for your fight and for your wonderful D.C. & district staff for their patience on the phone!
Thank you Senator!
Thank You!!!!!!
How you doing, @realDonaldTrump? Learning anything about how hard it is to pass healthcare legislation that benefits all Americans?
Thank you for voting against the repeal on ACA.
A million likes for this!!
You're a champion, you're a. champion for the resistance. Keep fighting.
Thank you!!!!
Except the Americans who have already lost their healthcare coverage because the insurance companies have pulled out.
Thank you for protecting our lives.
Thank you Sen Wyden. You are a great voice out there for us. One of my favorite sens. Let's get this done and make America healthy again!
Thank YOU Senator Wyden! 
Thank you
Thank you. But if you're not pushing for #SinglePayer , then you've got corporate interests lining your pocket. Next election not far away..
TY Mr Wyden. I enjoy your segments when you join @maddow .
Please now work with #mccain #collins and #murkowski and fix the issues that need to be fix. They were brave.
FUTHER MORE NO PAIN CLINICS WILL SEE DISABLED/SENORS FOR PAIN CARE MANG [ASK ME CALLED 42 WILL NOT TAKE MEDCADE OHP/]I GUSS WE WILL DO HERON
Thank you for your vote tonight.
Thank you! 
Appreciated your speech tonight Senator.
ALLREADY SENORS/DISABLE/METAL ILL SUFFER FROM OREGONS MED CUTS, NOW MORE CUTS COMMING ,WE THE SENORS/DISABLE KNOW THE TRUTH STOP LIEING
Sure wish we weren't in this mess. But someone has to clean up disaster you voted for. You're celebrating? Now what? O'Care is collapsing 
Here, let me get you another glass of Kool-aid. Bless your heart. Also... here's you block. 
Thank you, Senator! Proud of you!
YES WE ARE MANY! WE ARE STRONG! YOU ARE WELCOME! THOUGH THIS SHOULD BE A LESSON TO TRUMP AND THE RAPEPULICANS WHO TRIED TO RAM THIS THROUGH
WE KNOW IT WILL NOT BE! BUT WE WILL STAND STRONGER! AND WILL ONLY REMAIN STRONGER!WE ARE THE RESISTANCE!!
no WRONG/GOV BROWN PLANS TO CUT PAYING FOR ALL PAIN MEDS ,ANTI ACID DRUGS N MUCH MORE WILL BE CUT 1/1/2018 WIDEN TELL TRUTH WE WILL SUFFER
Yes we can. Thank you. I have a chronic condition. You have no idea how much this means to me.
Thank you for ALL your efforts in protecting the America's healthcare.  Now it's time for you to get some well deserved rest.
Thanks, Ron!
@serenityatsea Thank YOU!!
I thank members of Congress, both #Democrats and #Republicans that stood up to evil today, and put the American People ABOVE party loyalty.
Thank you @RonWyden for fighting the good fight #GoodTrouble
Including this one. Thank you, @RonWyden!
Thank you for your vocal leadership and appropriate outrage.  We are behind you and know there are a lot more fights ahead.
Thank you. I stayed up to watch the vote.
TY Senator Ron Wyden; You make Oregon proud!!!:)
Thanks Senator Wyden. 
Proud AF and confident with you representing me.
Please let's fix what needs fixing in #ACA.
What an awesome job you have done.  I look forward to seeing bipartisanship to improve ACA!!!!
Awesome! You repealed #FATCA and moved to #RBTax? We love you Ron.
Thank you!!
THANK YOU!!!!
RON YOU ARE SUCH A BABE ILYSM KEEP DOING WHAT YOURE DOING
Thank you for working for the masses who often have no power, no voice, so savings. You are hero tonight!
Thank you for your vote!
Thank you @RonWyden
Thank you Senator Wyden! 
THANK YOU for everything you do!!!
Thank YOU Senator Wyden. Your passion tonight was clear and eloquent.
Thank you for fighting for us!
Thank you - great closing speech!
no
Thank you Senator Wyden for your unwavering work these past months.
I am ashamed to have U as a representative of Oregon.Your vote hurts many Americans including People in my family who can't afford O-Care
And thank you for keeping up the fight in Washington!
Thank you too Senator. You've done so much.
I'm doing the Dance of Joy as I did in 2009
Thank you!
Thank YOU Senator @RonWyden for your loud & clear leadership. I am so very proud to be an Oregonian!!
Democtats who can't proudly support and educate about the savings & compassion in #singlePayer must not be thanked, evict them
Thank You Senator, I'm so proud to call you my Senator I appreciate your hard work @SenJeffMerkley Thank You also!!
Thank YOU, Senator, for looking out for us!
Thank you so much Senator wyden for your relentlessness Oregon loves you and we are so proud you represent us 
thank you for your tireless efforts to make sure our voices made a difference.
My man!!
Disgusting !  UnAmerican.. big pharma pays so well !
Thank you @RonWyden for protecting Oregon & America!!
Thank you, Senator Wyden! We couldn't do this without you!!
Thanks for your leadership Senator Wyden!!
Ty Ron! Now can you help the @trailblazers get Carmelo Anthony to Portland? 
And @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins thank you #Takingbackourcountry
Great night! Been glued to tv. Now I can sleep! Better than I have in a year! #Winning #DitchMitch #ACASaved for now! 
Thank you Sen. Wyden for looking out for Oregonians!
Thank you Sen. @RonWyden !!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you
Thank you for your tireless efforts, Senator Wyden!
Thank you Senator for being in the thick of things!
Thank you for your hard work and dedication!
now let's save net neutrality!
