The American people have a right to know the answer to this question before January 20.
Thank you and please continue to fight for that information to be released!! Senator Sesssions just too weak to stand up to Trump
I think sessions is in cahoots with trump. 
cc @RonWyden
I think they all are. Rigged all over the place by republicans for republicans
What illegal actions? No one has been charged because nothing illegal was done.
And we're the idiots!!!!
>> @LalaTrump << butt hurt conservitard.
@RonWyden
Why can't the Democratic Caucus get together, stand strong & stop this inauguration? You are sworn to protect our Constitution!
His actions should be investigated, punished. @ms_mims
maybe locking him up in gitmo for contempt of congress will jog his memory.
We call this a "Sin of omission" #Accountability
Ubelievable. I watched it.
hold him in contempt? there has to some kind of legal remedy against those who believe they r above the law.
Where are we living? Uzbekistan???
Of course he's too busy looking at Weiners porn & witch hunting Clinton to be worried about Russian espionage. [but Benghazi!]
What can we do to get the answers?
Comey should be held accountable for his interference in the election. It was unethical and unprofessional.
Ron my advise to you this time is to learn about the world & the real issues before forming your opinion & double check ur information
Yeah I literally yelled when I heard his response. Such garbage.
Sir, is his statement not perjury?
because there are none.
Huh? What? Next question!
Thank you for pursuing this.
no surprise there.  Sickening.
Because it is an active criminal investigation?

@Lawrence Answer been obvious for months.I knew trump campaign was in cahoots w/Russia.Election is not legit n neither is Trump
@HillaryClinton really won and should be president.
Comey only talks when it helps his party. He has destroyed whatever credibility the FBI had, and that's a shame.
I for 1 no longer have any credibility for the FBI
Finally he has learned when to keep his mouth shut.
@NikitaKitty Which just adds to the likely pile of #GOPCorruption.
Of course, ongoing investigations cannot be commented on.
Why hasn't he been fired? If he is holding on to info that could be damaging to our country, he needs to release, ongoing or not!
Because he's really good like that
Better questions: Dir. Comey, why did you sabotage Mrs. Clinton? Who put you up to it? How big is your remuneration?
@laurine3215 Yup. Irony or its ugly cousin, Justalya.
..but ask about HRC and Comey is on top of that subject.
keep fighting.  We the people,  demand answers.  Is comey protecting Trump or himself? And where is @LorettaLynch
@MermaidChick813 @RonWyden @LorettaLynch Himself, Trump n his minions, and I'm gonna go with a few others..
Thank you. Keep at it!
Please support Cory Booker!!!
RT @RonWyden: Director Comey refused to answer my question about whether the FBI has investigated Trump campaign contacts with Russia
get rid of him!
Thank you & keep pressing for answers! USA deserves the truth about DJT!
comey - treason??

Why Didn't the Democrat National Committee let the FBI examine their Server for Hacking? Was the DNC screwing Bernie for Hillary??
Perjury 
Thank you for not backing down. We depend on you to ask these tough and essential questions.
Oh you didn't hear? The answer was FU. Enjoy your classified briefings, criminal.
Stay on this Ron! And vote no on Sessions & Tillerson!
& 2 no why fine him comment Clinton b4 elect Is fraud oozing out of every corner of Trump win Needs b nullified #impeachtrump
But had no problem issuing a letter regarding a laptop? These hearings should not continue until we know this info
Please keep demanding answers, sir. @RonWyden
you know that trump is dangerous. Please help us save our democracy & to consider the rights & needs of all people.
Sir, Thank you for asking the question. The American People deserve the truth about threats from Russia.
@sherrilee7 Why incriminate himself? On 1/22? No Investigations! Job Security? DA! (YES) 4 years salary & a special Russian bonus!
Investigate FBI
Don't stop digging.
You are on the right side of this and you are just seeing the tip of the iceberg.
Wyden is correct. Lets re-tweet this until someone hears us. It's obvious Comey is complicit. We want his ans.#Resist
His answer really is a yes.  @SheWhoVotes
Thank you for your bravery Senator Wyden. Comey refusal to answer this simple question is like taking the 5th.  Very disturbing.
Keep asking!!
Americans are calling for an independent investigation on Trump being blackmailed by Russia ASAP! Who will listen?
He needs to answer ALL QUESTIONS !!
@Brookslei Was totally watching Comey squirm after his selective application of not disclosing ongoing investigations. #Resist
@LeChatNoire4 this is illegitimate election! We will not stand by and have compromised colluder w Putin in the WH
@LeChatNoire4 We had a RT to know pre election! Comey put thump on scale against HRC unprecedented move Why is Comey doing this!
Comey is commie......
I would like to know if someone has compromising info on Comey. Understanding that would answer so much.
#MorningJoe Comey refuses to discuss Investigation of DJT, yet gleefully announces renewed investigation of HRC 11 days b4 electn
Well done.
What does Trump have on Comey? Or his wife? Kids?
he's a hypocrite and a joke.... he release info on Clinton but won't say anything about the Trump investigation.... nice!!!
Now why do you think that is?  It requires a simple yes or no answer.
thank you for asking it, and for continuing to raise your voice on our behalf. #Proud
But he could release a statement about e mails 9 days before the election. Proud you are my #OregonSenator
I've respected & supported you & have never NOT voted in over 50 yrs. Trump mat be stopped. Dangerous. Senate MUST veto Sessions
Stay strong fellow Oregonian. Don't give up. So proud of you for asking.
because he would NEVER comment in public. Except for bullshit letter about nothing there emails just before election.
It appears they have something on Comey too. There is no other logical explanation for such gross negligence. Bye bye Democracy
And yet he freely releases statements two weeks before the election to ensure Russian success.
Thank you.
Comey sent letter to Congress about HRC emails on Weiner's laptop soon after the Russians changed tactics on 10/19. Coincidence???
Comey says "he could not discuss any investigations that might or might not be underway" - unless they relate to Hillary on 10/28!
Why? Why was Comey trying to influence election?
unacceptable.  We need to know all about emails but don't need to know if PEOTUS is a Manchurian candidate?
the people must know the truth I should have known the truth months ago. He must not be sworn. GOP allowed espionage into election
The people have known. TRUMP MANAFORT PAGE PUTIN TILLERSON not coincidence this was 500bn $ conspiracy. HE CANNOT TAKE OFFICE!
At some point you might as well say to him, "Shame one you! Shame. On. You." It's what I'd like to do.
The Russians seem to have a pretty tight hold on Comey, Trump, et al
Can he be held in contempt of Congress? Can he give a reason that is acceptable? He had no issues w/falsely tying HRC to Wiener
@LaurieSpoon May we see him fired now?
Oh please YES!
Because Comey was in on the fix
He never should've PICKED Comey. My atty friend's firm told Obama not to choose Comey & he felt he had to anyway.
Well of course he did he has to get back to his handlers Guilaini & the Russians
.@RonWyden 

So why don't YOU answer it? You know.
Thank you for asking the question; & continuing to pursue answers from Director Comey and the #FBI... we need to know
@VoteHillary2016 thanks for asking!!!!
@Lawrence. He had no problem revealing stuff re. Hillary but refuses to give us info. now. Can we hang him?
wonder if Comey has any of the Trump stink on him and doesn't want to incriminate himself?.
Another surprise?
@Lawrence NOW he can't discuss it because it's under investigation?
Comey needs to go. How does he go after HRC but didn't even look at her or DNC servers but instead relied on outsiders?

can you pls obtain & review his tax returns BEFORE he is sworn in? We can't play Russian roulette with the future of our country
Comey should be fired.
Thank you for today. You were great.
Maybe we will all be lucky and Trump will announce he is stepping down at his press conference tomorrow
I respect you for being willing to ask the hard questions that many others won't and represent and fight for us like nobody else.
May we infer from this that there is a massive #investigatetrump underway that will ultimately deliver our country from this nightmare?
@JamesComeyFBI I really wanted Obama to fire Comey. Such a crooked guy. And right at the top, too. That hurts #interference
@lafantome with the very Oath he took, what does his actions say? The fiasco certainly wasn't a part of his Oath!!!!
You get'im Ron! I think Comey's actions are nothing short of treason
Senator-This is your time. As a constituent and a supporter, I ask that you take the lead. The nation needs your resolve. @ayeletw
I'm also a constituent and feel the same.
Wait...you are a Senator, right?
@lb1018 The FBI are corrupt and cannot be relied on to do their job.
Please make sure all cabinet appointments pass rigorous vetting.
@MikeLevinCA he is also compromised Sir. Bring him down as well
@lb1018 so, honesty in his government? Hahahahahahahahahahahaha
.@RonWyden Thank you for asking it, Sir.
maybe he was in the sex tapes himself? Thanks for pressing him, you are a true patriot, so glad you are in the Senate
don't give up the fight, please.
but he wanted to make public, close to election time, HRC's nothing email investigation
Yet Comey had no problem telling the world about Hillary's ''new emails'' no even knowing was inside. We all know how it end..
Thank you for asking! Grateful our state has you!
Don't give up and don't take no for an answer! Make them answer the hard questions!
Keep pushing him.  The irony of this isn't lost on us
@dissentingj
Of course!  You're not asking about Hillary!
can you get the votes to subpoena him?
why is he allowed to refuse to answer a U.S. Senator?
and tried to pretend that he's being consistent. investigate HIM.
Keep going after him. Thank you!
@RonWyden keep asking until you get an answer!
We have the right to know the information before January 20th. Please fight for it.
@Lawrence appalling
that's becuase you are pathetic and he doesn't have to answer to you
yes we need to know what is going on because its us the people that will suffer if we get a corrupt
Perfect come back. I wanted to throw something at the TV
Trump is a traitor and forced to resign and Comey needs to be fired !!
Sir, 
@JamesComeyFBI. Has always stated that he never divulges/discusses any ongoing investigations. You were there today, right?
@Lawrence We must demand questions be answered & investigation into Russian/Trump contacts, collusion & treasonous acts
Didn't have any problem telling the country he was investigating HRC TWICE - suddenly he's found jesus? @JamesComeyFBI
Thank you. Keep fighting!
then ask again and again and again and again. Make him answer. Don't let up. I voted for you damn it.  Get answers.
Why is Comey roaming free? He is complicit in the election rigging. Why smear HRC vs Golden Shower????
Who investigates the investigators?
.@RonWyden @jonathanjewel ....but emails 
Thank you for being persistent in your questioning of Comey.
@MyDearPeabody #LockComeyUp
@Lawrence 

Comey let the country down
Hypocrite. He should be prosecuted for violating the law.
all of a sudden comey is not talking--
@heddernheimer being under oath might have had a little to do with that.
@acpcsn thanks for being a hero to the people.
Figures. He's obviously  one of them.
Can James Coney be imprisoned for contemporary of court, especially if he is being bribed. @ronwyden
We saw. Now DO something about this!!!
because he would incriminate himself. Please keep after these traitors. They are nothing less.
And the hypocrite claimed he couldn't comment on an ongoing investigation. One of the Sen said he couldn't believe the irony.
please continue the good fight. Thank you!
hell yes they do! This isn't funny, it isn't cute, the PEOTUS appears to be compromised by a hostile foreign power, KEEP FIGHTING!
Thank you for fighting the good fight! How can Comey say with a straight face that he doesn't comment publicly on these things?!
the@people gave right to know more so after today@
Amazing. His face...He seemed not to even make the connection. What's going on? It really is a coup.
Demand a special prosecutor. @realDonaldTrump's contacts with Russian intelligence are treason, plain and simple.
I loved your response man!
Keep at it. We need you to speak for us!
Read your dad #PeterWyden books. No surprise you are such a diligent lawmaker
dealers. They and their supporters have officially made a mockery of the most powerful office in the USA all in the name of $
get richer under the guise of Conservatives who care about "Making American Great Again" Not true! They are all wheeler's  and
Is it not clear Trump and his "Team" have been bought. Sold their souls to the devil. Trump and his nominee's plan to
You should've nailed him harder on his hypocrisy on public announcements about investigations.
@just_jenna Comey is part of this treasonous activity
@luimbe Hope someone is investigating Comey's ties to Russia
I honestly don't know what to think. May want to not to want to show his cards to folks being investigated.
@jsiskoski 
Trumps contact with Russia require a handy wipe.
#passingwatergate
#Trump
#gross
He had no problem talking about emails he hadn't even seen.
That's probably because they are still investigating. We will hear more.
@Lawrence  Keep feet to the firing questions till they get hot
but I'm sure he'll answer a question about Huma's laptop.
Please continue to press for further investigations. Also Jeff Sessions murky about whether he would really protect voting rights
I find it realllyy curious he'd announce Hillary email stuff around the same time the intel on Trump was given to him.
Yes you tried to get Comey to answer. Thank you Sen Wyden for trying to get the truth out. This is a huge blight on the country.
keep pushing we need to know the truth
Thank you for asking it.  Btw, why isn't Clapper in jail?
