Whats the alternative you have mr sanders socialized medicine look how well that works for our veterans its a shame you can't help
Yeah, look how terrible it is in Norway... and France... and Australia, and Canada. Wait, it works well in those places?
In those places, u said it.
So, what you are saying is that America is fine at being worse than people? We are not the greatest country. We are shit.
That is just a crapy outlook we are all great in our own way government telling us what and how to do things is not great our freedoms are
Wes, I wouldn't go as far gov. telling us what to do, that's the way owawacare works and that is a communist path in my view. Is true we may
No, not communism, socialism. There is a difference and you're an idiot if you think they are the same.
Proven and proven, on paperback is beautiful, in practice it has failed every time, I may not be the idiot here. 
If Repubs had any shred of shame, Trump wouldn't be in the White House today. 
And if Dems had any shame, you would be President today.
http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746 … Noam Chomsky USA not a democracy
I think a lot of ppl don't realize this. They've not taken the time to learn about their own country and spout uninformed mantras. Thx
Look at the Scandinavian countries. Children get free dental care until they reach the age of 21.So much higher standard of living than USA
I don't mean we can have something exactly like it but most European countries have a lot more security nets.
Yo Rich, doesn't the governor deserve the right to bathe?
Not when the rest of the state can't relax on the beach!
What are you talking about we are on the beach right now?
Iannuzzi!!! How would feel if he closed the beach 2u and then was enjoying it all to himself?  @GovChristie is the biggest loser there is.
Instead of complaining I would go to a beach that was open
Why is poor @SenSanders roped into the conversation?
@richbeckmanii secretly loves you Gov. Christie.   He's just a little upset because he wasn't invited to your beach.
Oh, you have NO idea!
Any Senator who has a wife committing bank fraud should be ashamed.  And, said Senator should be ashamed if he used his seat to stop inv
The senator should be ashamed, but not the president of the united states, huh? Trump supporters should be ashamed
I love how Liberals look past their leaders committing felonies--all while crying because Trump uses mean words
Mr Socialcrap    You are full of "IT".  GBA <><
Every Republican that votes yes on that health bill should have coverage under that same bill.
Agreed
Voters of Obamacare should be ashamed that they are an idiot because they fell for @BarackObama lies. "You can keep your plan", remember?
People can actually take care of themselves. Get gov't out of the way and watch the free market lower cost!
ACA sucks, but the system before, when it was all "free market" was far, far worse.
No it wasn't
Read this, or don't.
Written by a corporate insurance provider who stood to profit by gov't making people by his product. Nice try
Bernie you should be ashamed how you caved into Hillary. That's what you should be ashamed of.
I am ashamed then.  I voted for @realDonaldTrump to kill OCare!  Bernie, millions will leave since they choose too!  woot! Choice!
I want the President to hear Shumer's ideas; then we could maybe pass the bill. But PP needs to remain exactly where it is.
Any Dem who endorses Hillary should HUSH!

#resist @resist
Question: are the democrats who voted for Obamacare ashamed of themselves? Or is that only expected of Republicans?
Ashamed that so many more were covered by insurance? No....
Me, outside Senate GOP offices:
Yes, shame on u. 
They seem to have no shame ?
Who? Mr. BS, I know.
That's what so funny about all this.They are taking away from the people who put them in office.
Thats called poetic justice
22 trillion jackass
Just like Obamacare threw tons of people off healthcare? 23 million I think it was. Why did no one complain then? Cause he's black?
They just repeated the 23 million uninsured under Obamacare last night on PBS Newshour. You can't be this stupid right?
If only they were capable of feeling shame.
Shame, empathy, innovation, science, facts, these concepts mean nothing to the Trump Following masses. 
TRUMPALOOSERS
Respect please, we r Trumpets.
Dems who support Bethlehem as West Bank, a 3-state in the same land as a 2-state, support Deadly Fake News. Truth: https://www.change.org/p/united-nations-security-council-palestine-is-judea-the-roman-name-for-land-of-the-jews?source_location=minibar …
No republican did vote for Obama care.  Government must not be in insurance business
Nonsense 
I've been needing your voice, Bernie, I'm glad you're starting to post on twitter again!
How's that FBI investigation going?   Hahahahahaha

I've been missing you, Bernie, I'm glad you're starting to post on twitter again!
What? He's fraud w fbi keeps him busy
Are you saying I shouldn't trust people being investigated by the FBI?
No, Batman I'm saying he is not an angel and he is busy with his own fraud investigation. I always think of his initials. BS.
I hope they hear you and if not I hope those constituents will remember not to vote Republican next time around
Wrong criminal Bernie. They r saying 1 citizen shouldn't b forced to pay for another's healthcare.
Bank fraud, bankrupting a univ, you& your wife should be ashamed old man !
FBI much !

MAGA 
That's BS-BS.  Bernie Sanders BS.  What's sad is, he knows it.  He's only manipulating uniformed sheep.  Bernie's a disgrace.
I really don't care to hear from http://you.You  fooled 
thousands. Now you are just another criminal.
Yes, insurance that's useless because of deductibles and on the verge of collapse!
You should be ashamed yourself.
You should be ashamed.
Let's have a robust and transparent debate on @SenateGOP proposal to remove #Healthcare from millions of US citizens
NEWS: Sanders to Sen. Alexander: “Let's End Backroom Deals” https://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/sanders-to-alexander-lets-end-backroom-deals …
@SenSanders letter to @SenAlexander (from link in statement)
https://www.sanders.senate.gov/download/alexander-health-care-hearings-letter?inline=file …
Why can't they see this?! It's so frustrating! Thanks for being a voice of reason Bernie :)
Big words Bernie , hope your not bias
Shame on them. If they don't represent the people then it's time for new blood. Use your voices, use your votes to make a change.

Bernie I bet u would love single payer health care cause if u do then move to Canada
While Democrats are doing exactly the same thing in CA! Any words for THEM, .@SenSanders ??? #SinglePayerNow #SB562
So ashamed of  Pat Toomey.  Pennslyvanians have a leader who doesn't care if  grandma  gets thrown under the bus.  He's pathetic.
and U SHLD BE ASHAMED EVERY TIME U OPEN UR IGNORANT MOUTH! U DONT BELIEVE 98.89% OF THE  THAT POURS FROM UR OWN PIEHOLE
We have to ask ourselves, do they really care? The answer will speak volumns.
Kinda like Jihadists throw gay people off buildings. 
Thank you for your support....cancer patient begging for my life
Worse they are voting to take insurance from children, innocent and without representation.
One word Bernie---- Obamacare--- how's that working for you--all you dems/ socialists should zip your lips-!!
Stronger language needed. "Conspiracy to commit murder" may be more accurate.
Are you ashamed you voted for something you never read?
Let's fund Medicare properly and open it up to everyone.
Anyone*
And what about the ones that refused medicaid expansion, which hurt their constituents all in attempt to have ACA fail.
@HuffPost @politico Shouldn't you and Jane be meeting with your lawyers?
But they're getting huge tax cuts for their sponsors.  That's who they really care about.
any #Senator who commits #BankFraud should be ashamed! #DemocratsLiesMatter #shadysanders #BankFraudBernie #deceitful
Will constituents vote these stains back into office in 2018? GOP acts like they'll be in office no matter who they make suffer or kill?
See this tweet of Bernie:
"If one person loses their insurance because of the Republican health care plan, that's too many. But 22 million?"
Are you ashamed of your actions?
Bernie, when will you give up your FEP and take on Obamacare?
They should be voting to impeach that #lyinPOS
I've already been thrown off under current circumstances asshat
More #Fascism #StopTrumpsWarOnAmerica
Time to hit the Golf course Bernout
Bernie should be our president!!!
Anyone in gov that can't reduce healthcare cost by cap on pharma & healthcare is useless.  No one can afford care because of overcharges.
Pitchforks outside the gates!!!!!
Bernie... Honey.... I love you but that assumes the GOP cares, which based on this bill, they don't. #sad #Trumpcare #trumpregrets
I absolutely agree with Bernie,, we need health care for all!!!, and nothing less...
Your wife now joins crooked Hillary as a thief. Lock them both up.
They should be voted out of office!
Bernie the propagandist - no Bernie there with be thousands who will no longer be forced to purchase a government controlled plan 
The health care bill is just an ingenious distraction. The wickedness of Trump and his associates knows no limits
Bernie.. you and. Your wife are going to jail. Obama can't save you now
Any Democrat who voted for the Affordable Card Act, screwed everybody who already had insurance and those buying!
They should be more than ashamed!
Can they make it any more clear that they only care about themselves?
Bernie loves the money.  He's Money Bernie.
What were you doing when you voted for Obamacare then?
Please keep fighting for us!!!  It's extortionate already.
Yet their constituents knew it from their 7 years of rhetoric when they supported them. They deserve the outcome of their actions.
Bernie, Obamacare is done and it was never a successful plan. Instead of criticizing joint Republicans in making it a better plan
And what have you done for your constituents? Besides take their money to pay your wife's lawyer fees?
but u are not ashamed for voting for Obamacare the worst ever? We know the dems are losing it but wow, U HAVE LOST IT!
I don't believe they care about those of us who will be affected so profoundly that our very lives are at stake. What can we do to stop this
If anyone of them brag on their faith - remind them,
I really miss Obama. It was awesome how he made the Civil Rights Act, 13/14/15 amendment and freed the slaves.
We beat them up, and call them racists for what they really are.
Start a revolution, and we need to protest every single day until it's made the correct way. If anybody disagrees with the way we think then
Trump is already killing the minorities, LGBTQ, small children, and uprising slavery to the American people. We need Bernie Sanders to-
Being in favor of this bill is like being in favor of a concentration camp.
You & your wife should be ashamed.
Allegations against your wife are serious |
No voted out
@SenSanders 
The president we need, not the president we deserve
Shut up!!
Throwing them out of college after wife bankrupted it ok though? HYPOCRITE! #MAGA
And Bernie should have slammed Hillary with the truth, but he covered her!  I don't trust you anymore Bernie!  Rand Paul a better choice!
If turn coat Bernie is against it, then I know it will be a good thing for the country!
Every country need a @SenSanders. He may not be perfect but an order of magnitude better than any other  political leader.
I liked Bernie but we don't live in a communist country so his values are off!  Sounds good to lazy people but to working middle class naah!
If you believe his values are communist, you really need to study up. Not even close to that.
He hates Christians!  He wants to strong arm the middle class and rich  he wants to disarm americans hmm smells like communism!
None of that is true. And little if anything to do with Communism
Go buy another house as you complain about the rich
They are voting for a choice!  No longer forcing people to have it! Shameful! Why not address your FBI investigation?
Yet, would their constituents realize this? Or would they simply blame the "left" or the "immigrants" or whatever other group ... ?
Well said Sir.
And the Democrats made it so expensive it's unaffordable. Therefore you don't have it.
Any Senator and wife under investigation should shut their mouth and not throw stones.
@canidothisnow   Bernie you helped him win. !
I'm telling my representative to vote against any healthcare bill, and to repeal the ACA.
Sen. Sanders, when are we going to have a discussion about american's health habits?
You should be ashamed being under a Federal Investigation
But they are giving their wealthiest supporters more money
That's just another lie you are greatly exaggerating. Obozo care  that you support is gone with democrats not coming up with anything
yes but then their constituents will vote them out of d.c.
FBI coming
Another outright lie by bernsie the blow hard bullshivik- no shame in passing obamacare without looking at it- pos bill destroying the US.
Anyone that votes for the new (evil) Democrat party must hate America.  What about that FBI investigation into the Sanders corruption
Bernie is a socialistic. Anyone who doesn't know the meaning should Google definition. Supporters  who wants this is nuts.#ProudAmerican
What's the difference between being on it and unable to use it and being thrown off it? Some families forced to pay need food.
And how do your constituents feel about you and your wife being investigated for bank fraud?
Taxes don't fund spending at the Federal level. They're all lying to you. MMT. Bernie knows about it.
You have to fight your own people for Universal Healthcare. Universal Healthcare for all or it's just empty talk. Care to join us out here?
I really don't think they care about "us" little people. Just the big corporations that line their pockets. Thank you @SenSanders
As long as they get their Koch $$ they don't care.
And anyone who listens to you BS should have their head examined
Best way to show you JUST DON'T CARE? Vote 2 deny people the right to be healthy. Judges sentence the guilty, not Politicians, the innocent.
They are voting to kill "unnecessary Americans"
Anyone who helped elect Trump should be ashamed.
No worse than the Dems that voted for ACA. Both bad. Push to have senators on general health plan and then it will get better
The real shame is how yawl are too busy politicking instead of working together to come up with non partisan solution. That's the story.
Vast majority don't seem to care. To beholden to special interests.
Both parties are to blame.
I agree. I'd also suggest that Mr Sanders is one of the few not beholden, and genuinely interested in the American people, not himself.
I dunno about that. His wife is an educator (Educators can be egomaniacal) whilst  he comes across as a messiah complexed man.
Perhaps, I haven't seen any preferable US politicians. Not that that's saying much! UK isn't any better though.
#CrazyBernie Sanders #BankFraudBernie
Says the man whose wife is under FBI investigation and who couldnt even keep a small collage afloat.Retire already Bernie..
How's the FBI investigation into you and your wife's misedealings coming along? Maybe you can get conjugal visits when u both go 2 jail.
@SenSanders any Dem that voted 4 Obamacare should be ashamed 4 throwing people off their old h/care plans & allowing premiums to skyrocket
no any one who votes demoshit should be ashamed
Uh, that's the whole point
Yeah, because it's a neat and tidy Obamacare slimdown. Great job shitting on your own party's vaunted legislation. #EconomicStupidity
The #GOP doesn't care about average citizens, the working poor, the decreasing middle class; they're beholden to their wealthy supporters!
No. You should be ashamed for wanting to make our $20T debt and $200T unfunded mandates WORSE! Deal with that first. Socialist Squirrel.
Your wife sould be ashamed and you to because you knew what she was doing 
Bernie you really need to be quiet. Obviously you or your wife have no idea about finances. Your a fool like many other senators.
Hey Burnie, how's that FBI investigation going?
You should be ashamed for voting for aca and not using for your primary health care.  Your obstructionist comments are non sensical.
you should be worried about going to jail instead of trying to talk politics to people that do not give a shit what you say!!
How is your FBI bank fraud investigation going Bernie?
The american dream: money trumps humanity every time
Republicans don't care about constituents, unless they're wealthy
A person can shake a hat full of sweet feed at a horse, slip a rope around his neck while he eats it then ride him all day. Men are the same
STOP WITH THE SHIT TALK & HELP! TRUMP is NOT the most POLITCiALLY correct but right now I think ur IMAGE as a democrat is getting REPUL-Sive
I don't know how they do it, but they'll have millions of deaths on their conscience. How?!?!
im a democrat and seriously sanders! SHUT UP a true POLITICIAN also uses his wise mouth for action & frankly I'm ashamed of u right now!
I agree wholeheartedly, but the constituents, sadly, won't know.
Please run for President!
Nobody can be thrown off insurance, everybody is free to buy as much or as little insurance as they want.  Best of luck in your fraud case.
You voted for Obama Fail care do you think you should be criticizing anyone ?
Mr Sanders, perhaps now would be a good time to drop an F- bomb or two.
You have no shame Bernie you know you're a fraud. Only the mentally challenged Libtards follow you.Voters wont forget what you did 4 8 years
