Still no, B. It is not a right. Rights still don't come from government. Our founding fathers just put those rights to paper for all to know
The common good is a right and if HC is not common good, then burn the constitution.
HC is certainly not a common good. It is a service. Feel free to leave.
If you think HC is not a common good then tell that to the black plague victims and most recently Ebola & Zika victims. U lose. Give it up
Still no. Plagues aren't health care, they're epidemics. Your argument is invalid and there is zero connection. You want others to pay for
Europe has tried it, and it fails. Every time. Eventually you run out of others peoples money. You fail. Move to Europe.
Europe has done more than try it, it is their health system. Sell your propaganda unamerican to the morons who voted for T.
Yes, and it's failing. England has 6hr-days ER waiting. Only Norway can claim success, and they're the size of NJ. It's not propaganda and
What makes something a "right" to you Senator?
How about the constitution? Life, liberty, etc. Life requires health.
So anything that furthers your health is a right?
Absolutely I demand that the US gov buy me GMO free, organic, free range food. And brush my teeth for me
You have a very distorted view of how American resources are utilised. We can afford to make life and health a right.
You have a right to it. You don't have a right to make other people pay for it.
Just like I have a right for the military to keep me safe from terrorists. That's not cheap either.
Actually you don't, neither the constitution nor any amendments ever established anything about a standing army, or healthcare

Prescriptions medicine is much more expensive in US. Prices driven up.by insurance co. And advertising
Prescriptions are free in Wales.
'Free?' Free HOW? Either they are paid thru taxation or Wales is committing theft...
Well that's the whole point. We pay taxes so that we don't have to pay bills when we get sick like the retarded system in the states.
So...U are saying it, inbfact, is NOT 'free?'

Understood
I pay taxes, but even if I didn't, I still wouldn't need to pay for medication, therefore free...
This is truly hilarious, but not surprising of someone who supports Batshit Bernie's 'plan.'
And how do you propose to pay for it? Rape the rich and middle class!
It's not in the constitution or bill of rights so how do you make it a right in a capitalist society?
Fun Fact : In every other country, the Government works hard to minimize access to guns and maximize access to healthcare.
Our founders knew that big gov't suppresses freedom.  2nd amend allows us to protect ourselves from gov't oppression.
Gov't control of healthcare is first step toward oppression.  Next is control of the media. Ring a bell?
It is much appreciated by us However, I don't think that time for this has come where greedy corporations still greedy and active.
Why don't you talk about our treasonous president, or will your source of Rubles dry up?
Why can't we have Medicare/Medicaid for all? It's a decent starting point. Other countries spend less and get better health outcomes.
@HuffPost @politico Knock knock - $20 trillion debt!
In all major countries except the US, it is a right.
Feel free to move to any of those countries. No ones stopping you
You don't get to decide whether we move or stay here. I say we should applaud those who are looking for creative solutions!
Instead of telling people to leave!
But you have the right to leave. You don't have the right to force others to pay for your healthcare
US allows unbridled InsCo profits & US healthcare costs are about 2x most of rest of the world. Does it bother you to pay for their profits?
Apparently, this liberal dope doesn't know Ins. Cos operate on a 3% profit margin. Imagine that.#FactsMatter #uniteblue
Name-calling does not make you sound intelligent.
As a member of Congress, I don't recall Bernie advocating for vets, which I am one of, who were being denied adequate healthcare, some died
Hello Raymond,Thanks for your service Bernie has fought for vets and I hope he continues to do so. Here's an example
You've got more important worries coming in Federal Court Bernie
Health care is not a right stop preaching false talking points
Well luckily America doesn't have the view. If they were paying for it they wouldn't lose it
You're a liar. Nobody is getting thrown off. Young people will not be mandated to buy exp insurance, but can get cheaper options instead.
we are being sold to warren buffett's wall streetmake him the richest & the most charitable man in the world

Read 'Basic Economics' by Tom Sowell you old tankie coot
If Heath care is a "right" that everyone should have to pay for, can you pay for my next ar15 then please?
If health care is a right with public funding, can I get a gov't purchased Glock since gun ownership is an enumerated constitutional right?
Because he stuck to his his principle which now has a 60% approval rating.
So a system which saves us more money by not having to pay health insures is upsetting to you. Got it.
I think you are mistaken on who gets the taxes. Unless you are WELL above a good job, you aren't getting extra taxes.
I don't think you understand that peoplr would inevitably have more money in their pocket from not paying for deductibles, co-pays
I think government should pay us to stay home and not work. give us phones, cars,  food  and a bank account , take the money from  the rich
Another name is #ChristianApologetics  @tedcruz @RandPaul @VP @GregAbbott_TX @rickperrypress @jeffsessions justfewwho will blockUS everystep
Communist burnie Ever heard of them
Ya know @SenSanders Vermont shares a border w Canada. If you want socialism sell ur 3 houses and move.
In your view and the view of the majority of the American people. Only Repubs & neoliberals think the American people don't have this right.
Gov should only guarantee a citizen can't be denied access to healthcare system. Not to mandate HC like Ocare does!
Vincent and Andrew And I agree with Senator Bernie Sanders
Absolutely genius idea. Now how do we pay for it? What will it cover? Will the senators have the same coverage?
BERNIE, as a healthcare worker I agree with Medicare for all working people, but Medicaid only for children and the elderly.
No, health cared is earned. No one is being penalized for not having health care, its there choice old fart
We are born with our rights. We are not born entitled to make someone else give us healthcare, a home, a car etc. these are not rights.
So you are saying that people have the right to the services of other people, effectively forcing health care workers into servitude?
Still offering folks other people's fish, huh???
In my view the government should get out of health care and let ppl take care of themselves.
I'd bet $100 that you also don't understand where our money supply comes from.
This sounds great, but how do we pay for it?  We already spend 1Trillion more than we make.
By cutting Obamacare's over payments to insurgence companies we save more money. We could use the bulk of it for that and a new tax.
Nobody is denied healthcare in this country
R u 4 real? Get sick, go to ER, have no ins...get stabilized, if lucky, then sent home 2 die because no insurance prevents follow up care.
Most states will force you to insure a car, all being in risk pools. H'care works better when all are insured. Cost & care improve for all.
And everybody already has the individual right to health care!The right does not extend to somebody else ensuring they get it!selfgovernance
The common good of the ppl, is just that, and demands that HC is a right.
Again, it already is a right. Nobody is preventing someone from healthcare as it is. However, if govt controls it, govt could prevent it.
Since all people in the US don't have HC, I don't understand your point. HC can never succeed based on insurance co profit.
Everyone has access to healthcare. Even uninsured are not denied if they need it. If govt controls it, they can decide who gets what.
You need to get sick, and have no coverage, to test your theory.  When you find out how wrong you are, you will change your stance.
#charliegard is a perfect example of the pitfalls of universal care. Case in point.
BS. He is a brain dead child being kept alive by machines at the whim of parents afraid to face the pain caused from loss of a child.
Didn't @tedcruz already explain to you in-person as to why this won't work?
Health care is already a right. ER has to treat regardless of ability to pay. "Health care isn't a right" shouldn't be given time of day.
Here's the problem. ER won't deny care but, what if you have cancer? You cannot go to Chemo every week in the ER.
The drug companies give the drugs for free to the needy. I know this for a fact as I have personally witnessed it
You keep saying people are being thrown off healthcare, and that's simply not true. They are being given a CHOICE to buy it or not.
It's not a choice if you can't afford it.
It's not a choice now. Mandated to buy it whether you can afford it or not.
Healthcare cannot be a right because you have no right to the services, assets, etc. of others that provide healthcare. #HCR
The rest of the developed world disagrees. Enjoy your continuing status as laughingstock.
...we mimic the quasi freedom of the rest of the world and slide to mediocrity like them. I fear we are on the path of the latter.
Nice Pipedream, however, never pass. Why won't Bernie introduce his own damn bill, he is in a position to do so!
Actually he did 
Look it up 
He is impotent when it comes to properly constructing a bill. It goes no where! He has no support from colleagues. DOA.
Colleagues who are payed by the health industry.
Why is this such a hard concept to grasp?  I would gladly pay my share of taxes to be able to go to the Doctor without having to worry
Do feel free to pay other people's insurance with you money or I'm willing to pay if you swap your assets with my asset.
With universal HC, you pay for yourself. You sound just like the men who think they shouldn't have to pay child support.
Sir, I have a right to elect a better senator.
Good luck with that. Bernie is a god in Vermont.
Aside from combating climate change, there is no greater need in the USA than for us to stop playing games and guarantee healthcare to all.
I am a US citizen but Puerto Rican. I earn "too much" for a gvmnt. plan, too little for private. No healthcare. 62 yrs. old
Anything available to you today is 300% more expensive than before Obama set out to take your healthcare freedom.
Universal healthcare could solve that.
Pushing socialized healthcare will lead to rationing of healthcare.  It's happening right now in the U.K.  Beurocrats deciding who gets care
And insurance is a racket. There has to be a happy medium.
Lees government more competition.
Compete for dying folks money? Capitalism has no place in healthcare. We can compete. Absolutely. Take money out of it first.
Unless, of course, you think profiting from people's illness is ok. Then we have nothing to talk about.
How do you have a right to someone else's labor?
You pay them, Einstein.
That's a service, not a right.
Services often need to be rendered to facilitate rights. I don't see you whining about gun salesmen "forced" to fulfull others' 2A rights.
Arms are not necessarily guns. You don't necessarily need gun stores to fulfill the right to bear arms. That's really not what a right is.
Of course! "Arms" can be anything! Even nuclear weapons, biological weapons, tomahawk missles! Gimmie! It's my right!
There is a real world distinction as those are threats to national security & that takes precedence. You can still arm yourself w/o those.
Can you please point out that distinction in the constitution?

Thanks.
How ‘bout criminalizing for-profit health insurance? Allow supplemental insurance, like they do in Europe.
I'd be for that but this government could never make it happen and if they DID somehow I don't think we could afford it at this time.
We’ve done it before, and spent something like $9 trillion on Iraq.
That's what I mean, I guess. Believe me, I would have no problem with my taxes going for just health care and bring the troops back tomorrow
There’s always plenty of money for the culture of death; never enough for the culture of life.
#TRUTH !!!
Either that or GOP needs to pay for our funerals.
They do. The death benefit is $250
It's like you're illiterate on every subject. How did you get this way?
Why cant ALL Americans go on the FEHB plan? Or have the FEHB terminated & e1 go on Trumps beautiful plan
Please work to repair bill...restore the risk corridor payments
I agree with you Senator.
That's exactly right and let me add this in our veterans should be paid more than our politicians
Thank you for standing up with us during this terrible time in America!!
Well maybe your wife can pay for those who don't want to pay for the deadbeats!
I'm sure Sanders has "colluded" with the army of "Russian" bots to just constantly churn out slight variations of the same message. 
Start a go fund me page and keep out of my pay check
That's what Democrats Obamacare has done!!
Yes Bernie we are need the same insurance like you have.
Read,Read Read AMERICA @statesman  @DallasMornBRK @ajc @nytimes @latimes REAL NEWS FOLKS NO LIES if you keep watching Fox your a lost cause!
Just like Charlie Gard has?
Cuba sounds like the perfect place for you
USA needs universal health care service and use the Public Health Corps program to deliver the services.
Don't you think it would be smarter to investigate why 2.2 million people die every 10 yrs due to prescription drugs & medical mishaps. Bad!
Bernie you're a man it doesn't take his eye off the ball. I love that about you!
Hi Senator, I share your point of view! Let me ask another thing, what you think about decriminalization of drugs? Like we in Portugal have?
Our Declaration of Independence everyone should have the Right to Life it includes the children God has created in their mother's womb.

And Bernie, when will you break the news to everyone that to get this insurance , they will have to pay higher taxes!!!
You haven't been listening! Bernies plan to pay for HC is closing loop holes for rich and hedge fund taxes, not middle class.
Sanders’ senate office, “improperly pressured People’s United Bank to approve the loan application submitted by the Senator’s wife."
Dude your part of the prob 4 whining after you lost & took focus off making sure this mf didn't get in office. #ImStillWithHer
Can I be guaranteed the right to a car
Bernie, your view helped put Obamacare into action. Obamacare has robbed many of their healthcare.
@DraftBernie stop talking about it and do something about it!!! CUZ FHE FUCKING DEMS DONT AGREE WITH THIS!!!
American parents: send your college kids to Venezuela next spring break.. Then make sure they vote in the fall.
I will die with out my health care, I have MS, so does my Mom we depend on  Medicare & Medicaid! I get Ivig infusions. #Hammontonnative #Dem
I'd like to see you try and accomplish any of the stuff you said you could, r tard can't even manage an economy.
Except in California, right Bernie? Killing single payer in that Dem controlled state is fine. Just ask Jerry Brown.
I agree it should be a right, it is also time t9 start talking about the cost of medical procedures and medicine, not just how to pay.
You sound like a broken record
And be responsable for their health,as adults we need to pay ourselves to have a desent one,at retairement we get what we apport,no a right
Actually make it affordable.  That would be a start.  Get health insurers out of Congress' pockets.
Yes! We need a national healthcare system paid for with our tax dollars!
You Sir, area gentleman of the people . Best president America never had
Why does anyone vote for you?  Everyone "is" guaranteed healthcare, they just have to buy it.  Why is this so hard to understand? #MAGA
Maybe you should shut up about your views& instead support the Medicare for all legislation that has been in Congress for years, hypocrite.
Thoughts on Wisconsin Dems proposal of Badger Care for All?
and how it will affect their lives. People who will be crippled, who will lose their babies,who will not get their insulin, ...
Health care is not a right
No where in the Constitution Bernie, is there a basis for socialized medicine, health insurance policies, or government-run health care.
There is that whole Preamble thing.  Might have a look at it along with the section establishing our national currency as a public monopoly
The preamble is not legislative. 220 yrs later D's invent their own definition of "general welfare." Same for the definition of "marriage."
First we have to care about each other. And if Congress doesn't care about us then they all just need to leave...and we start over.
A nation not taking care of its citizens ends in chaos. Providing for health care is like providing for military & police protection.
Is this what the GOP bill would do? Also - consider Senator that health insurance does NOT equal health care.
If only you were stronger
He's extremely strong!  But he is one person vs establishment.
Blame it on the insurance industry.
@CarmineSiccero @WarrenHargis @wccjtsan @PhotoDMZ @Loneknee @gmh8899 @stcdmrtn @ChexMarx @LisaCuliner

Yet you support legislation that makes it difficult for Americans living overseas to make financial choices #FATCA #CitizenshipBasedTax
this system is not design for everyone mostly for the well to do "
Healthcare should be a right to all American citizens
There needs to have a massive change for the middle class. They are paying for everyone. Why don't you care about them?
I have a right to a new truck, house, all the free booze cell phone everything
You're view is wrong. You have the right to life, liberty & the pursuit of happiness. You have a right to bare arms...no healthcare right.
If I can accept logic why can't everybody?
Instead of throwing AMERICANS off throw ILLEGALS off
This is firstly the necessity of to be human...
Uh...no.  Healthcare is not required to be human.  HC requires aomeone else to care for you and you are not entitled to their labor.
Are we entitled to the labor of the military? What's the difference in your mind?
No.  If N. Korea started dropping bombs, the US military isn't going to stand guard outside my house.
And yet, we all pay their salaries to work for us, and are guaranteed equal protection from them.
Where is there a guarantee? If we were gurenteed we could sue everytime we are victimized or a house burns down.
You could sue if you called 911 and they never showed up because they asked you for extra money you didn't have
You could sue "if"... is not an argument.  That isn't a reflection of what is and can be ignored.
Well, at least he doesn't think it's 700 billion in one state, like Maxine...
So how do we get that with ignorant dysfunctional minds that live in a pompous bubble. ruling the USA.
There's already millions not covered under obama care
We'll see single payer through. You have or word.
Our*
Our nation has taken a wrong turn! Sad and scary & this happening with insurance will cause my family to lose everything we have worked for!
While we're at it let's guarantee pizza as a right too. If people want free #healthcare and #freecollege they can join the military
What about the 27 million Americans that were forced to pay an $89 fine because they couldn't afford it
We know, your're just preaching to the choir. Your're in a postion to do something about it. Please do.
Government healthcare will be a disaster.  The government cannot continue Medicare & social security when we paid for it.  Wake up!
Everyone already has the right? You're a little behind
Why don't you help pay for it Mr. Filthy rich crook!!
So who pays for it?
It's scary that you don't know what a right is. You shouldn't be in government. You shouldn't be managing anything bigger than a waffle 
In my view, we need guaranteed bacon for every American. Can you get to work on that while you're at it?
Those who can't help themselves are the people that we can assist. Current Obama plan is going to fail sooner than later.
You are one of the major problems in this country. Everyone is entitled to everything. Lifelong sucking at the government teet
....the #AffordableCareAct has problems. Deductibles are too high. Co-payments are too high. -Bernie Sanders (June 26, 2017) #healthcare
If you had run as an independent, then you might actually be the president, today, instead of that idiot you have now.
God bless you Mr Sanders. And also let's say a few prayers for President Carter and his full recovery.
Good thing ur views is rejected by the majority
show me where it says that in the constitution. You cannot force service from doctors just because u want to. Libtard.
Ironic. U complain about people losing health care under GOP. What about employees who lost job because of your wife. Hypocrite
Single payer would cost about 3-4 trillion dollars a year and the government collects 4+trillion a year. What social programs would we cut?
Health care is not a right it is a privilege.
Our rights are that the state leaves us alone,not intervene in every aspect of our lives.

The logical path shows that single-payer rises above any pure "republican" plan (ie swapping tax breaks from biz to everyone). Keep it up.
Logical? Our system prior to ACA was imperfect but rewarded innovation. Reducing mortality of deadly illnesses far exceeding single payer
... not really.  It invigorated Biotech with investors due to the lax fin. regulatory market following Part D. Hedgefunds destroyed that.
The ACA didn't stop hedgefund abuse of patent squatting either.  It's a Wall Street issue that you are invoking... similar but diff issue.
Haha true enough. Still single payer systems see a slow down in medical research for illnesses with high mortality.
Other systems don't have our Wall Street.  That's why that hedgefund thing is so intertwined... needs regulatory yet incentivized rules.
Which is literally a cross of Clinton's financial plan and Sanders' single-payer option ideology (need a bill mill to make that).
We need to throw millions of communists out of helicopters
OK  VERY IMPORTANT
In my view, I have a right to the fruits of my labor.  No one has the right to take it by force.  Free DMX!
How u gonna get everyone 2 pay 4 that, Bernie?  Didn't think of that one, did you?  That's cuz u haven't a clue & don't care, it's all talk.
You are correct!  Everyone has a right to BUY the healthcare plan of their choice....not get what the government gives them on my tax money!
I agree you have the right to healthcare but that does not mean it should be subsidized. Create a more competitive market!
Yay, Bernie!  Give us free stuff!!!
You keep saying this, but you haven't put forth a reasonable way to pay for it. Your answer always seems to be: make the "rich" do it
@GOP won't protect Mueller integrity. Why would they protect us peasants.
Ok good you pay for it then! 
Who issues our national currency?  The federal government or the private sector?
Feds but where do they get the money they spend?
Where does the BitCoin issuing computer program get the BitCoins it issues?
No clue...
The BitCoin issuing computer program just creates BitCoin itself.
Medicare for all 
Go back to the way healthcare was 30 years ago. Before them dems started undermining it. Every employer gave it for free. It was great
Bernie! Please consider running 3rd party if the primary is rigged again. http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/king-reform-electoral-college-bernie-run-party-article-1.3326841 … #BernieWouldHaveWon #BERNIE2020
He won't run that way. He too scared!
Bernie you're too good for America. Sadly so many of us hate our neighbor and believe they should die. Because that's what Jesus would do
Put your congressional asses on the same plan as the people! #Getonmyhealthcareplancongress
Bernie, you have NO right to spend what I earn.
Taxes for public service. It's called living in a society.
Exactly! Have people forgotten the concept of a social contract?
A public service is used by all people, health insurance is used based on a specific persons needs. I need  Ferrari... so what?
Oh, Bernie. Why couldn’t you have been President?
Bernie never became president because we know better.
You know better than the rest of the modern world? Cause everything Bernie wants other nations already have.
National health care is a human right.  Or at least every other 1st world country thinks it is.
Let's take our money back from the insurance profiteers!
Racketeering
Captain dipshidiot, healthcare is not a right. What the fuck is wrong with you?
I can't help but notice the "right to medicine" is not unlike the old Democrat standby, "the right to picked cotton"
In my view, we need to guarantee health care to everyone a right, not throw millions of Americans off of health insurance.
It is a service, not a right.
America: the richest country in the history of the world. Americans: Fuck healthcare let's bomb more countries!
ask yourself...WHY is America the richest country in the world? The correct answer will change your position?
The right convinced a large group of folks that having good affordable health Care is un American. This thinking changes with illness.
U work u buy stuff. No handouts. U buy car/house ins. Buy med ins. or not or pay cash 4 service. Quit freeloading. #MAGA stop freeloaders.
OK Senator bank fraud.
Tweeting debunked nonsense against one of our only honest politicians is unproductive at best.
Debunked....
Pretty much. The person who started this was a trump surrogate who's source said they wouldn't even have thought about prosecuting this.
Single payer is the way to go!!!!
Well it's not a right it's a privilege! Didn't you sign for the ACA, the same one that cut 26 million off healthcare?
When morality comes up against profit, it is seldom that profit loses #banktrump
Translation: "in my view we need to enslave med. providers to supply health care because that's the only way it can be provided as a right"
As Americans we should all have our basic needs met - food, shelter, education and medical care.
The overwhelming ignorance and stupidity of #uniteblue #MonkeyButlers is mind boggling
Why don't all you politicians pay for it instead of forcing us the tax payers, all of you overpaid anyway. Term limits for all politicians
Ever expanding our military budget while slashing investment in healthcare at home. So sad!
His game is to make you believe that only the Federal Government can run healthcare. Give us what we want or everyone dies. Fear-mongering!
