You supported Hillary over him. You think u have any cred oldie?
Dude, HRC was a better option over Trump anyday. She's not a trustworthy politician. But at least they wouldn't have been in this position.
Surely, YOU are aware of her antecedents. Trump is waaaay safer with waaaay less baggage
Then you don't know anything about Trump. He's a conman who has had many businesses that failed, a fake university that gave worthless (1)
Degrees to people and scammed money from them. He has multiple lawsuits still pending against himself and his company. A history of (2)
Being a sexual predator and assaulting and raping women, including his own wife. Oh wait! There's even more: he has ties to verified (3)
Russian mobsters which he used to threaten his contractors and not pay them any money for building his casinos and buildings, he also (4)
Was under surveillance because his campaign received money from a Kazakh businessman/ mobster who is a former KGB spy, he was also (5)
And @realDonaldTrump's been president for only four months. Four months.
It feel like 4 years 
Typical liberal  cant even write properly.
When you have no argument, attack the grammar! #typicalrepublicanbullshit
Omg? I call you our for not being able to write correctly and you go mental #libtard
Accuse them of insanity when they argue back! #typicalrepublicanbullshit
Well that was a great fucking argument then 
Thanks! And awesome how you like your own tweets. So chill.
You should probably focus your attention on the Democrat party who sabotaged your campaign.
Yeah and reward Perez a job for colluding w podesta against u feeble old man
@TomPerez you really are a piece of.....work, aren't you.
He likes to cuss with children in the audience. This is who the Dems choose as their leader. Over 1K seats lost under Obama & more to come.
He has a filthy mouth and no respect for families with children.
Exactly a sleazy man w no class
@TomPerez sickens me as a female and an American.
"Look at the front page of the papers today and you'll see exactly what we're talking about" D. Trump. What about fake media  ?
RETWEET:  If Trump should be investigated.
He's already been investigated. That's more than likely part of the reason comey got fired.
Comey's issue was that he would not give up on the Russian stuff. I imagine trump got fed up with him not doing his job and fired him.
Would explain the story too. People need to learn that he has no involvement with Russia.
Senator. As a supporter of you I am glad to see you admit you are not a psychologist. I admit Trump is not a president
#NOTNORMAL
#PresidentLoco is unleashed!.
1) @BernieSanders you are not a psychologist 2) you voted 4 @HillaryClinton 3) Obamacare and Benghazi didn't happen under trump 
@SenSanders
Your loyalty to the party who stole your nomination from millions by any means necessary is deeply troubling.
#SethRich
Even psychology is an inadequate qualification with which to diagnose Donald.
Lying all the time? Sounds like American presidents to me. Also, your amazing character is why you were cheated out of winning.
Hey @SenSanders Do us all a favor, take that old bitch who you rolled over for and threw the election go up into the hills and stay forever.
Ya think!
Well, I think ALL presidents have lied. .he just doesn't have finesse. Or a clue. Doesn't have a clue. Yea .thats it.
This has been my problem with Trump all along! Not about Dems or Reps it's about integrity & he lies all the time! How can you support that?
That is why. They. Voted  for. Him
You're right you're not a psychologist, you're a no good liberal hypocrite #MAGA
and you were key in putting him there.  Congratulations.  This is your legacy.
Heck, yes! It's not only writing on the wall. It's a mural!
@CNN needs some mental health experts on the panel #UnfitToLead #FakePresident
#Neurosyphilis dementia that is it.
His lies are catching up to him. Quickly. #Impeach

Syphilis related dementia.
Ironic coming from someone whose initials are BS.
So intellectual, and evidence based.   Guess that's all I can expect from a dog using a twitter account, eye Bisquette?
i'm a tiger.
Whatever lies you have to tell yourself to rationalize your political beliefs.
Actually very typical.
Megalomania. Only word for it.
Impeach him!
He is insane.  It's not that hard to see.
He is NOT a president. Period. #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
That is exactly what I tell my kids. I say Trump acts like a Hitler in silencing the press and causing all this Hate violence
Good to have you back.  And thanks for saying what we all know.
I noticed that too.
Lmao, you're not wrong
Bern, u shouldn't have taken the payout!  Can't complain now. Should hav fought back after DNC cheated u. How's that $172K car?
Democratic Party has one of most proud and longest records of lying to public for which one example is 'promising' healthcare for 30 years.
Did your philosophy & science classes teach you that generalization is a poor idea?
Yes Mr. Sanders.  Many professionals are well aware this POTUS is a pathological liar.  God help us that no one will step up to the plate!
ehhh be careful calling people who disagree with you blind.
Blind...you believe the Washington Post.   I will it when there is recording or video etc.    Not from a liberal heck newspaper
The technical term is "Looney Tunes"
Trump lied repeatedly throughout his campaign. Why wasn't it an issue then? How did people not see it?
.They saw it but they ignored it hoping 2get agenda approved B4 they start impeachment proceedings. They didn't expect him 2go crazy so fast
He was crazy from the start!
.Yes, I think so2, but #GOP knew he was on his way2 it& wouldn't say anything b/c  he won the nomination.It was #Trump or no1 #ImpeachTrump
Sounds pretty typical
Similar to your typical senator
More dishonest news
I'm not a pathologist. But there's something strange going on with Seth Rich, who died in the street. This is not a typical murder.
This tweet aged well, Dan. Looking good.
Said the zen master: "We'll see..."
I think you may be onto something there, Senator Sanders 
Nope.  Most of them only like half the time.  But Chief Maggot is a con man and all con men lie ALL the time.
Not one person has any evidence or given reason on any of there allegations towards our @POTUS potusthat any of you have stated. Show proof
Gurl we been knew
He's a narcissist but I think he 100% knows what he's doing. Let's not give him an easy out.
I am a psychologist Bernie.  And I agree.
What lies?
Colonel sanders please explain how you paid for three houses without lying
He's a sociopath,
Let's not forget narcissist
Oh yeah, narcissism is a major trait of a sociopath.
We're doomed as a society
I love you
Sanders u lost all credibility backing a liar a Wall Street grifter and who killed #seth rich ?
@realDonaldTrump must decide whether it's more graceful and "grown up" to re-sign or battle it out to impeachment & leave w/dishonor.
Just because he is impeached doesn't mean he has to leave office....you remember Bill Clinton don't you?
@davethecritic if you can't see wrong in 4 months then you part of the problem. Trump experiment has ended. Open Corruption doesn't get time
What corruption? Evidence, not allegations, please.
Corruption is a form of dishonest or unethical conduct by a person entrusted with a position of authority...question for you is he dishonest
So basically every politician ever in office?
Unfortunately they're not in office at this time, so stay focused! Next you will want to talk about Clinton and 2016! Focus
Heck, it's not typical ANYTHING!  There's always a reason though; why is Trump perpetually lying?
It's a habit he has never been forced to quit, because he has always been surrounded by money, and therefore yes men.
With one exception-  His Corporate Bankruptcies are all Walk Away Quit Business for affected properties!
Barney, you like socialism/communism so much, when are you moving to Venezuela?
It's time for trump to go! And his administration
A "typical President" is what got us in this situation to begin with, Mr. Sanders.
I am a psychologist and you are correct. When thousands of mental health practitioners agree and speak out, it's time to listen. #DutyToWarn
I am also a psychologist, and I concur with Dr. Baron. #DutyToWarn
Thank you. FTR, I am a post grad Certified Psychologist, LMFT, LMHC, LPC...(ABD)...not a Ph.D. Practicing 40+ years.
It's ok for you to diagnose someone remotely through twitter without ever meeting them? #ethics only count when you say they do?
FYI: You don't need a doctor to tell you the man is deluded and compulsive. He exhibits these behaviors clearly on his own.
"I'm not a psychologist. So I'll make a diagnosis on someone I don't like."
Maybe not a psychologist, but you are a wonderful person! I loved watching you and John tonight on CNN. You both give me hope-thank you 
@SenSanders @JohnKasich Best conversation I've witnessed lately about life in these United States!
Can I get extra gravy?
It's not a typical CEO, not a typical TV star, not a typical human.
He's an integrity-free, morally bankrupt person way over his head.
And he's pitiless could care less about Americans including children! Truly Sociopath IMO
Amen
Mr Trump needs a nice gold padded room with a gold straight jacket. The office of President use to be held in high regard, Trump killed that
Same would've been if Hillary. You still backed her. Just saying.
Are you implying Trump is the only President to lie? Seriously? All politicians lie, it's what they do, & yet we keep voting for you
Bernie the entire government from the House and Senate to the president to the FBI lies we citizens are sick of your lies.
Could it be @RealDonaldTrump is in debt & Russia basically owns him. #Putin says nothing was said #Trump says many things were said o k
Mr.Sanders, I think he is just an idiot. I honestly do not believe he even has the capability to lie maliciously - he is unaware of truth.
Thankfully he's not even a typical human. Someone who is willfully ignorant of the job should NEVER be president.
Immorality + Dementia = This.
I cannot respect a man whose colleagues successfully plot against him yet he still supports them and their agenda
Yeah, They tend to be better liars than this.
Too bad we can't have you in there taking his place after his inevitable & swiftly approaching demise.
#TrumpRussia
#ImpeachTrump
Easy now do u really want a socialist in the WH lol
He's a social democrat & yes. Bernie is AMAZING
Bernie and I agree
485 lies since Jan 20 makes Trump a liar.
Bernie, I love you man, but I think you're kind of behind the curve on this one. We've all been saying this since he first opened his mouth.
Golly Wally, whatever could it be?
He had his own way & made up his own reality up all his life, & got away with it because of Yes men. POTUS is different - accountability!

We need a law that requires mental and health reviews of all future candidates
I am a psychologist and you are right Bernie.
Might as well quit your job because you broke a fundamental principle of psychology.
Look this up: Duty to Warn. Health professionals are expected 2 warn the public & those at risk as a result of someone's mental illness.
Someone they have assessed personally in a 1 on 1. Not random strangers they "think" they know.
Duh. Take action dude!
And I'm not a senator. Or a psychologist. Let's lobby for an independent comission and start toppling these dominos. Together.
he truly has mental issues/dementia/identity issues as do those that bought his huckster act when they elected him. Hello Harold Hill!
Is it typical to run a 50k enrollment school into the ground in less than 2 years, and have a money trail running to your doorstep?
Sounds pretty typical to me.
Ikr
He's pathological, how did he get a clearance??
At least he is consistent and therefore less dangerous than all other politicians that lie selectively.
We've had liars in the white house before. But he aint right, aint right at all
I don't think your in a position to talk on honesty.
@Britpoptarts Well, thank you for your input.
(LOL)
He's mentally ill. Doesn't take a doc to see those signs.
He's not even a typical man! Every man I've ever known has morals, values, respect, compassion.There are more good men, than men like trump!
Thats what politcians do Bernie.
Something strange that a politician in office for decades has learned more about Socialism and has done very little for Democracy.
@ProgressiveJill @TheDemocrats have turned you into one of their ridiculous mouthpieces. I'm sorry I ever gave you a dime! #MAGA
This coming from a Wacko who never held a job till he was 40,save your wacko comments to your nutty self
@FilmsForChange from his email tonight:
Or a typical human for that matter!
This is a democracy, not kingdom where a country is stuck with a leader w/mental problems until they die. @GOP must stop backing of insanity
Well it kinda is typical, but most pres's have competent ppl around to protect us from the pres's utter bullshit.
Thank all that's Holy that he's not a typical President
Did you decide this while relaxing in the beach house Hillary bought for you?
HAHA! Ya think??
mmmmmmmmmm don't equate mental illness with shitty morals maybe?
no kidding buddy
Not even a typical human being!
Yes he is crazy and those that voted for him are crazy as well
Hmm that's the business experience he brought to the table republicans voted for
Trump is a psychopath
No empathy no loyality unhinged views about his own capabilities, intelligence, expertise - yep borders on psychotic
@realDonaldjtrump.Correct.. Trump seems spectacular
CRAZY!BUT LISTEN  TO SOMEONE  TRUMP!
It's true . Mr Trump's Cognition is lacking.
I truly can't believe how you allowed the Democrat Party to absolutely fleece you in the last election that anyone bothers listening to you
Early onset dementia
THERE ARE NO LIES?MORE FAKE NEWS BERNIE.????
Trump is inadequate. As a president and as a person. He needs to lie to compensate for his ineptitude.
This is politics
..do you get no consideration because you stop, and say nothing waiting to see how it shakes out? Smart just watch
Ya think?
This is not a typical human being.
All presidents lie the fuck are you talking about
He's a sociopathic malignant narcissist who's also exhibiting signs of Alzheimer's /Dementia.  Paranoia and sadism also present. #NOTFIT
Obama lied every minute of every day what did you say about that, Bernie? You have no credibility anyway owning 3 homes you hypocrite.
lies all the time ? well....typical politician..just like you
we think you lie all the time Bernie, haven't seen you tell the truth much lately. why don't you run your state? fix problems there.
He is a reprehensible human being without conscience withot soul#bernieorbust#GENERALSTRIKE
Dude please, you're acting like other presidents or people in general don't lie
I see your common sense sensor is still working good.
I guess you forgot about the guy before him, the guy before that guy and the guy before that guys and...
Very sick man narcissism psychopathology and 15k psychologists duty to warn
You are the master of the understatement, sir.
How's that TAX EVASION CASE of your wife's going Bernie? I mean she didn't LIE ON A TAX FORM did she? 
and the Dems are truthful?   Socialism  SUCKS!
bernie go on chapo
I voted for you.  
Sanders has to stop talking like Rus is confirmed to have hacked. Podesta's lost phone /Seth Rich was never excluded as potential sources
Yeah and he insinuated Rus was spreading fake news. How about Louis Mensch, how about M$NBC? I don see any difference.
Pretty sure msnbc isn't a country with nukes.  That's a significant difference.
You're the strange one. You and your libtard party.
umm yea, Bernie, sir...with all due respect, ummm, yea... #captainobvious
you also aren't the president.
What has he lied about? Do you know the definition? Lies have malicious intent behind them. How many times have you flipflopped?Is it lying?
This guy I'm tweeting to isn't a President at all & never will be.

Having fun in your 3 mansions paid for by your stupid supporters?
Thanks a lot for doing so much to get him elected, senator.
You're also not very original. 
Not a typical human. At all. Not a president in the least.
No. He's a typical [compulsive/pathological] liar. A less than ideal choice for President, you'd have thought.
No shyte. It's called being a Corporate. Don't need a degree in Psychology to tell that.
what is a corporate? A corporate what?
If that word alone doesn't ring a bell, then I'm not wasting my time with that kind of ignorance.
Do you mean "a corporation?" The statement "it's called being a corporate" is terrible grammar. I have no idea what you mean.
Wrong & wrong again. You can't even get your Grammar Police comeback right...
Gee, ya think Bernie ! #PsychoPOTUS
Who'da thunk?
Bernie really PISSES me off at times !
I totally understand! And sympathize...
I actually liked Bernie before he ran against HRC, now I can't stand him !
LOL so did I, then he threw such tepid support toward HRC when he didn't get nominated, I've lost patience.
I've lost the respect I once had for him, I hear and see a tired old man hanging on to his position now !
Love ya, Bernie!
Is anyone else noting the terrible spelling and grammar errors in the comments? Just me? I can't help but be annoyed by them!
It makes me nuts.
I'm sick in the head Bernie. Send help
#CaptainObvious
You. Don't. Say.

A Prez "WHO LIES ALL THE TIME," but you're not there yet for impeachment?  WTH, Sanders?
Dammit responses like that make me happy.  You may live in California but you're not a California girl.
He's a Republican.  What do you expect?
seems like he's got a case of mean and senile
Says the one who lost to him in a democratic election 
Absolutely correct!
something is off...
He is master of deceit
not you too
#BellCause
