Forcing insurance on people? You mean like the Obamacare mandate?
Y'mean, like… you're "forced" to buy insurance to drive a car? Get a mortage to buy a home?
You're not forced to buy a car, and you can pay cash for a home....
You're not forced to go to the doctor, either. But if you do… gotta pay for it somehow.
You have a choice to buy house/car, not to be alive. And yes you do, you pay with your own $ rather than someone else's.
Tsk. You're choosing "not to be alive" if you don't seek treament for a grave illness. And you DO pay with own $ —just like any insurance.
U seem 2 be having tough time w his argument. W car and home, that is ur choice 2 purchase. No car, no ins req. W HC, choice shld also b urs
This from the guy who is for wealth distrubation yet owns 3 houses and his wife is being investigated for bank fraud. Hypocrite
You have an issue with Bernie's small real estate holdings, but you don't say jack shit about a multi-bankruptcy real estate mogul...
@realDonaldTrump is not trying to redistribute my wealth. If it's worth having it's worth working for it. People expect things given to them
But you are okay with T spending your money on golfling trips.
Don't go there like you think Obama never golfed. Every time there was a crisis he was on the golf course.

And so is Fraud with Mr and Mrs Bernie Sanders. 
Don't swallow everything you're spoon fed.
Wells Fargo continues to do fraud with customer after the fake account scandal. Safety deposits are compromised with no action from bank
"The latest we're doing to build a better Wells Fargo" ..Is this achieved through the safety deposits of Wells Fargo customers ?
@WellsFargo needs to be punished for fraud. BUT #doddfrank banking regulations under #Obama were choking off American economy. Free Markets!
That's a flat out lie the economy is what it is because of @BarackObama not @realDonaldTrump not @GOP another crash in the market is coming.
Is youre wife included in that as well.Oh wait the politburo is above the law n held 2 differ standard then common ppl,after all u set rules
David unless you're really a Russian bott, Bernie fights for all of us.
He believes in socialism, only ppl who survive that r politburo,they make rules for masses,see russia n venezuela
Oh come on David, we already have corporate socialism like china.
China isnt socialist its pure communist,besides see how well as u say that corp socialism works for the ppl. Politburo haves ppl have nots
No it's considered a communist capitalist country now . Authoritarian just like Russia, the top polits are not called oligarchs but can be.
Jan this i agree, however when personal wealth incr govt will seize it so personal freedoms arent gained, govt control of ppl
thank you for all the work you do to call out corporations- the most dangerous sociopathic entities on the planet IMO.
Well Fargo is not Wall St. - BHCs> the  problem, & the root cause is sociopathic greed. Stop the Debs BS & jingoism: http://howwegotswindled.com 
So where can I bank at? Or do I have to chose the lesser of all evil banks?
N.  Bbb.n
#HoldThemAccountable
.Meet Bernie Sanders, the 6 figures socialist
http://fortune.com/2016/02/28/bernie-sanders-socialist-finances/?xid=for_fb_sh … #BernieSanders #WallStreet #fraud #Bernie #TheResistance #Resist #HRC
He pays taxes it doesn't matter what he makes, If we pay taxes for kids to go to school & roads to be paved we can do it for health care.
.does he really?Cause we haven't seen his full tax returns.Please share! Oh wait, like #Trump , #Bernie won't show his taxes or campaign fin
WF HAS LOCKED ME OUT OF MY HOME FOR 6 MONTHS, & NOT PROVIDING NORMAL RESOLUTION PROCESSES & FILED FORECLOSURE FALSELY CLAIMING MY HOME IS NOT OWNER-OCCUPIED.  PLEASE HELP ME SAVE MY HOME.  THANK YOU!
Bank fraud .... bank fraud. Hmmm. Maybe Bernie's wife can weigh in here.
DID U SAY FRAUD???  Jane comes 2 mind then ur daughter  https://twitter.com/peddoc63/status/894873199929896960 …
#BernieSanders speaking of FRAUD how are your 3 homes doing? You were a sellout to @HillaryClinton = Vacation home on lake. Corruption!
.how about that time you asked the NRA Establishment to buy your seat in Washington #Bernie ?
Wait wall street runs the white house now. Gold man Sach #theswamp is running Washington disaster any minute
When you believe you are entitled anything is possible

It's only fraud when your wife isn't doing it eh Bernie? Wink wink nudge nudge
No offense man, but you're one to be talking.
Just like the wife,  huh Bernie
20 years back my work had them doing our 401k.  During about 4 years we had them, 80% we put in was lost to them. 1 guy lost 7k each year.
All they do is apologize after the fact.  WTF is an apology going to do for me!
And you are extremely familiar with how Fraud works....
Fraud?live in the blue state of CT, have to have insurance by Demo law. It's no fault lol...meaning I pay the uninsured don't ..that's fraud
Go Bernie. Proud of you
That's rich @SenSanders considering  you and the wifey under FBI investigation for ....FRAUD
What are we gonna do??????????
"Too big to fail" break up the banks of this was a smaller company you could just shut them down
U should fit right in. Take your socialism for all of u, but riches for me, attitude and get out of my fed gov. U phony
I too have been seeing a lot of scams and rip off of customer by banks, credit unions and other agencies lately.
BERNIE u would certainly know about bank fraud. #BankFraudBernie. Ur socialist agenda will not be tolerated in THE USA
Fraud is commonplace in America due to poor leadership & lack of accountability. Trump is now the face of accountability
Did the government copy them or did they copy the government?
You would know something about fraud wouldn't you bank fraud Bernie? Those in glass houses shouldn't' throw stones.
Keep doing the good job Bernie you are one of those few voices out there and Mrs Warren..
Something shld hv been sd & done back in 08'. #Banks R fraudulent by nature, encouraged & excused by #capitalism. Help us Sanders&Warren,NOW
I would think politicians would love WF then
And Wall Street gets better and better.  You must hate that.  When you have nothing to with it it all goes well.
Bankers have Get out of jail free card. 
Enough already. 
LOCK. THEM. UP.
Bahahahaha that's not the only place its part of the business model, eh Bernie?
speaking of bank fraud...how's that working out for you #bankfraudbernie ?
Wells Fargo forced unwanted Auto Ins. On it borrowers??? You mean like you dems. forced unwanted health ins. on us, what's the difference???
No one ever goes to jail.
They cant stop. Banking is a fraud by default. its the way the western economy mostly work.
So last year  Wells Fargo made $Billions by fraud. The Board of Directors said, "Nobody goes to jail let's again but with auto insurance."
Should you really be talking about this Bernie? #bankfraudbernie
You should know about fraud ask you wife 
The guy who preaches against fraud is under investigation for fraud. That's rich.
You should know all about bank fraud, Comrade.
What about your wife misrepresenting donations for that bank loan? Seems like a better of example of fraud to me
You a fraud. A socialist under the guise of a Democrat. Your spouse being sued for fraud...pot calling the kettleblack
You would know..
Criminals belong in prison.
The fraud and lies comming from our GOV is 100 times worst then what your talking about your a liar and people better wakeup to you fast
you should be discussing the fraud that is destroying D.C. A nation of freebies is destined to fail
Let big banks fail... let them fail... don't make us pay for their stupidity... let them fail... please dear god let them fail
Seems fraud is a viable business model
Why do big business executives rarely get prosecuted or held accountable. I.e. Bank fiasco few yrs back
You ought to know since you sleep next to it.
@KatrinaNation @nytimes My brother worked there. He warned that they were a crap company. He was right.
A decade the criminal acts are still going on in America I wonder why we haven't fixed this corporate government corrupt government lobbyist
A well known Clinton supporter, every man has his price Bernie, yours was pretty low.
And you should know.
Wells Fargo has employed bad policies one after another -
Funny how you talk about others committing fraud, yet you are the epitome of a walking fraud 
Why not?  They don't get prosecuted.
Prosecute & Jail all responsible from the top down for a change, never mind a fall guy!
I thought democrats fixed that with Dodd-Frank or the new consumer protection agency. But we also got fewer and much bigger banks since then
And now.....you are part of that fraud.
Aren't you under investigation for bank fraud??
And Bernie knows a thing or two about fraud. 
As long as people can make gobs of money, there will always be dishonesty and fraud on Wall Street.
Like the fraud you and your wife are guilty of?
Speaking of FRAUD, how's the wife Bernie???

Your the fraud in this story you sellout
I bet you and your wife know all about fraud.
If it was good enough for the Dems and the ACA, I guess it's good enough for Wells Fargo. Forcing unwanted insurance
Wells Fargo is a criminal organization.
Wait, isn't your wife and you being investigated of fraud when you guys ripped off one of your indoctrination schools?
Sen Sanders, thank you, thank you for all you do!! Please help keep our National Monuments.
Close their doors
How many violations before u stop illegal predatory practices.
)
Frauds a crime Zumba know, right. They go to jail.
BERNIE & JANE SANDERS ARE BIGGER FAUDSTERS CAUSING AN ENTIRE COLLEGE TO BANKUPT DUE TO THEIR FRAUD HIPOCRITE IS
Wells Fargo, Bank of Amerrica, and Chase are all so corrupt they are screwing the American middle class out of hard earned money
Just like all banks - mortgage insurance and loan insurance - high cost insurance
You da man Bernie
Good find. Root out the corruption.
Wells Fargo is from the Devil.

you are trying to force unwanted socialism on us!
What kind of beating did they get for screwing us all over.  Not enough.
#shutemdown #lockemup #boycottwellsfargo
Sir, Please do Not talk about FRAUD.  It should be embarrassing for you to talk about this subject.
#BankFraudBernie ought to know about bank fraud
That's like saying #CorrineBrown proved every one of you in D.C. are crooks and liars.
Okey
ml
Bern, you have first hand knowledge about fraud. You watched your ole lady commit it. By the way, she is headed to jail.
How dare you point the finger when your wife obtained bank loans without intent or means to repay. #doublestandards
Fraud is the business model for Washington, D.C. and Senators like Sanders!
Bernie, you and your wife are expert at fraud! As so many Demwits you project your failures on others!
So you're saying Dodd Frank was as fake as you and Eliz Warren? Pass term limits Bernie. It would be the best thing for the country
Anyone remember The Glass-Steagall Act? @howtodoit1
Yes yes and yes. I will now be moving my money.
Times were, the weak links got eaten. Now we highlight their incompetence to boost our own self-worth. Right Bernie?
When ppl talk abt too much govt oversight of Big Business, use Wells Fargo as the perfect exmple of why we NEED fed regs 2 protect consumers
And 8 years of Obama and a failed healthcare system all Americans(excluding DC politicians) were forced to buy into. You're a HYPOCRITE.
Actually dc politicians like THEIR obama care
Well well, what a surprise! Fraud on Wall Street what a novel notion: Wells Fargo are still at it: I don't and won't bank with them ever.
Please look in the mirror!
@politico @HuffPost Anybody finding themselves faced with this should walk away.  Plenty of other banks would welcome their business.
No shock there, it's not just WF either.  It's an industry norm.
Guess that explains why WS is at record highs under our current fraud of a President. Disgusting, really. Love you, Bernie!
Check it out! shabuz138178 will be your virtual assistant for $5 on #Fiverr
Disheartening
And why not?  When our Congress did nothing about all the crimes committed in 2008 meltdown, why wouldn't they continue the fraud?
Um a bank u have not stolen funds from yet for 1000 Alex
I really need to change banks
It seems to be that way in Politics as well . How many Houses do you own again ?
bernie, what about the fraud at that vermouth university u were on the board of??? & ur wife was president of...just curious

The investigation is a smear go look it up https://twitter.com/JordanChariton/status/882654245786398720 …
And the rich white repubs support it. After all, as long as they are rich & in power they are happy. How do they sleep at night?
Kinda like the government forcing young healthy people to purchase healthcare insurance they don't need. Huh commie?
No surprised. Worked there.
#therichgetsricher
How rich. The fraudmeister talking fraud. How's the investigation going?
And how is that any different than govt forcing Americans to buy Healthcare?
Bernie and Elizabeth share stupidity also
What a disgrace
And still no one will go to jail but plenty of mostly minority teens will go to jail & have their futures ruined for Marijuana
Just one of a million ways Americans are screwed over by the greedy big bankers, who are only doing the system was intended to do
Larry lasted must be one of the stupid ones. Love you Bernie. Resist
Banks with Wells Fargo is stupid. They like to screw their customers.
Bernie is so right. Anyone that banker
Looks like you have the same problem Bernie make sure to clean your pants
Americans?
Grow up and instead of judging get out there and do something smart n constructive if you care bout it or tweet rude comments
1. Something weird with Wells Fargo: A few weeks ago I went through a lengthy interview with WF applying for a consultant gig doing internet
2. fraud analysis for WF's national & international accounts targeting both internal use & partnership accounts. It lasted 2 hours. The
3. panel spent an hour apologizing for past account abuse and ensured those issues had been remedied. Here's the odd part: A. I never raised
4. the issue. B. The contract gig didn't include those divisions. After I got home I sent an email to the recruiter withdrawing from the bid
I quit having a bank account there years ago, because of their nonsense! This bank needs to be cut up and divided into different parts!
Never banked there. Never will.
My son was a WF teller before their fraud was exposed. He hated the constant pressure to up sell products people didn't need; finally quit.
Wow a lot of you like being judgemental  and rude to a man that at least cares bout Americans, wealthy or not what you doin to solve probs
Hold on WS, the ones that funded Hillary Clinton campaign and whom Obama recently gave a speech for more than 400 k
You have nerve where is the ten million your CROOKED wife borrowed
How many scams can they perpetuate on their unwitting 'customers' and still stay in business?!
they should be forced to compensate everyone of those customers, the board should resign and they should be closed. Other banks? Thieves!
Bernie, Venezuela is looking for new blood, check it out homie.
I'm so glad I dumped them in December. Unfortunately, my car loan is still through Wells Fargo. Time to refinance
Fraud appear in politics... even you cross the gray line...hypocrite...
Isn't Mrs. Sanders being charged woth corruption
Their golf tournament does give back to charity here in Charlotte... not this year due to the PGA championship next week.
I pay cash for everything these days so I don't have to deal with these idiots!
Economic Apartheid
This shit pisses me OFF!
No way
Not a problem for just Wells Fargo. All big banks think they can do whatever they want. Federal Reserve needs to send back toxic assets!
I will never do business with them.
Socialism! Marxism! Bernie Sanders owns houses! Nothing better than thinking a group of people are stupid, and having them prove it daily.
Why did you support bailouts!
It's a shame!
Corrupt corporations will do whatever they can get away with. Who's going to stop them...
Capitalism: a system of exploitation, driven by war & corruption, puts profit over people, is greedy & a few families have all the $.
And what did your wife do?
I think recent @dnc policies show that to unite this country, you need to run #BERNIE2020 as an Independent. Time 4 policies over parties 
Bernie Liberal Loser Hypocrite One Bank does not make up Wall Street
Your pissed because your not getting $$ from them OR  are YOU!!
I quit Wells Fargo years ago after they screwed me.  Then quit Chase after They screwed me.  It seems banks love screwing people.
A senator talking about fraud. Your whole life is a fraud. Obamacare was a fraud and you voted for it. Same for a number of other bills.
The U.S. appears to be in an unstoppable downward spiral
Will no shit Sherlock your statement proves that liberals have absolutely no common sense or connection to reality.
Wells Fargo repossessed a car I pd off, had title & sold! The new owner called the cops. Over a $48 mistake (theirs)!
Bernie, I am forced to pay No Fault Ins (double premium $132/mo) on a 10 year old car in MI.  It's the "law"... but is this constitutional?
Shut down the banks Bernie - who needs them eh? You're straying into shameless populism
It appears nothing is unbelievable! I am sick of thinking about it
Wow! Did not realize Wells Fargo was involved in the Burlington College financial package! By the way, how's the Wife's? Ouch! Sorry- NOT!
Isn't your wife under FBI investigation for bank fraud?
@gmorgenson they suck
Why not? The POTUS is a member of the gang.
