"Free." As in paid for by the US tax payer.
#FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
And I don't want America to be like "other countries" thank you very much.
Please do not get me started on “American exceptionalism”.
When then. Since I believe in American exceptionalism, we probably have nothing to discuss. Peace.
Well, right now, American companies are farming out 100's of 1000's of AMERICAN jobs to those "other countries" bc there are not enough 1/x
qualified engineers, programmers, etc. in the US. That in addition to the many 1000's of H1B Visas given out each year to foreigners 2/x
bc there aren't enough qualified Americans to fill those jobs. And the point is, those foreigners, both here and abroad, have those jobs 3/x

#FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.

Market watch, you dingus. Part of the Dow Jones Network. Not a liberal institution by any means.
Of course if you had been given the opportunity for #FreeCollege maybe you wouldn't be using words like "dingus" today.
And if you had gone to college maybe you would be able to form a cogent rebuttal.
I did and I paid for it. I didn't sponge my education off of hard working American taxpayers.

Cogent enough for you?
So I guess you are too young to have benefitted from the GI Bill.
None of u get that the very weslthy keep the very poor, poor
Nah, but they do provide jobs to not be poor
The average employee that is not educated and wants to work outside of ag is working aorox 16 hrs a week, no bennies no chance for more
just pushing the bill to local communities and states.  Pure marketing political bullshit.
#FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
Government programs are not subject to any sort of profit and loss test. Even when a program fails, more funds are allocated to it.
Yes, as Prof. Kelken has shown.
Govt spending us all about political priorities, not economics. Look at the Défense Budget.
So no tax dollars will be spent?  Colleges will absorb the costs?  No one will have to pay for someone else's kid to go to college?
There is no such thing as free. Just making other people foot the bill.
Do you pay insurance? Taxes? Same concept.
Do you want your taxes raised so people you don't know can squander your hard earned wealth?
Education is NOT squandered tax money. 35 million USD non working jet is squandered tax money. Healthy educated population is threat to GOP
I’m fine with “free”  education as long we completely cancel all welfare programs to fund it, kick out all illegals and build the wall
So don't go around talking shit about a program you nake VERY clear you know dick about
Um taxes.
I never said it was free. Taxes will be used. Like it's used for government and state funded issues. Genius.
Sweet. I need this by 2030 or so so my kids have a chance with colege.
Or you could learn new skills and make more money. But that would make you responsible for your own life, not the state.
Would love to but I can't afford college to learn more skills to make more money to go to college to learn more skills to make more money...
That's an awfully defeatist attitude. Also the state of the internet this day and age makes learning easy and Affordable. #FreeMarket
"Where did you learn about structural engineering?"
"Well, I watched 152 YouTube videos on how to build houses and..."
"Please leave now"
Come on. My husband has no degree, worked his way up from $8.50 an hour to nearly 200k a year. Will probably be making 2x that by retirement
Free?  Who is paying?  My guess is you'll chRge ME THE TAXPAYER
Were you screaming when the GOP just raised military budget by $100 BILLION? then don't complain about 70% of that for free school.
I rather pay taxes for the Military than pay taxes for your education. Another words Pay for Your Own Dam College Education.
But that makes no sense... you spend 10x the cost of free college on the military for what? Defense? Who is attacking us?
Our Military isn’t attacking us. It makes perfect sense if you’re a Hard working American you should try working then you’ll understand.
The sole purpose for our military is to defend the nation correct? Who are we at war with and why did the budget increase by  $100billion?
We’re at war with Muslim Islamic Terrorist. Also only a fool would think we only need a military if we’re at war.
Oh and when was that war declared by Congress? And where is this war taking place? What country are we at war with and did they invade us?
You don't mean free you mean deferred. You are deferring the payment to the tax payers.
No, we're deferring it to rich people, who can easily afford it.
Stalin, Lenin all said the same thing.
So?
 Once upon a time right here in America we used to make rich people pay their fair share of taxes, and we used that money to build great things and strengthen us as a people.
So?  That's your response to Stalin and lenin?

Holy hell
Who Sir, is paying for this. I paid for my children’s tuition do I get a refund?
Rich people, and no you don't. Any other questions?
Ah. Same old envy.
Call it whatever you want, but there will be a reckoning.
by free you mean an increase in taxes
Unless you're growing money , it's not free. It comes out of the citizens pockets. If you found that money tree, be a good socialist & share
The money tree is the 1% wealthiest Americans, they have stolen all new economic growth from workers for decades, so their tree is way overgrown and has lots and lots of fruit for us to harvest.
Yeah, yeah yeah. The 1 percent. Whose pockets do you think that comes out of? They don't poop money either. They make it off of you and I.
We have a right to fair wages for our work, and they have denied us that for decades. They STEAL from you and I by manipulating the law through our politicians. We have a right to take our stolen wages back.
Your pity pot is getting old.
I don't want your pity, I just want you to stay out of the way. 

Or better yet; help us all get what we've all worked for our entire lives; education, healthcare, a dignified retirement. We deserve nothing less.
Bernie put your money where you want dont bury the rest of the country. How much money do you need?
College should be free, healthcare should be free, the 1% should pay their taxes, military spending should be a last resort, punch Nazis
Go live in Valenzuela and get a wonderful lesson on socialism Take Bernie with you NOTHING IS EVER FREE BUT SALVATION
Socialism is very good, actually.
No,it’s not. It makes people dependent on government .
Ugh no. People are responsible for their own well being in this world, not everyone else. Your statement is moronic..
Ah the radical war crimes bs
Why do you lie? Tuition is not "free." Unless you consider it "free" when others pay for your stuff. Somebody always pays& you know it. Liar
Not free, but a right for all incomes.  All pay taxes towards their edu.  No more of the keep the poor poor by not paying a living wsge
Foolish & uninformed answer. 50% of adults in America pay zero income taxes & 10% pay 70%. It's not a "right" to make others pay for college
And 1% have all tje money becsuse of unfaur wage laws
Ma'am you're basing  decisions/opinions on class warfare narratives of the left. You won't change unless you educate yourself on economics
Not so i am fully informed on the damage done by not paying a fsur wage.  When people have to work 2 and 3 jobs to pay rent and food.
U are uninformed.  Big vorps pay min wage, keep people at 16 hrs a week so no bennies.  Deliberate mistreatment
Yeah, you're right. American business is evil & mistreats people by giving them jobs. Of course, there are reasons hrs cut back. Guess why?
Thxs Bernie and so many others! The ELITE 1% NEED to do their FAIR share.... GREEDY! Free tuition/healthcare = EQUALITY FOR ALL

Free to whom, Takey McTakenstein?
#FreeCollege pays for itself in addl. taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
Your link says nothing of the sort. Even NPR knows it won't work.
"he hasn't fully explained how to pay for it" - who explained how to pay for the Iraq War? The Afghan War? The Wall St. Bailout?
Waste of tax payers money
Count me out u socialist marxist. Not with my tax money.
Nothing is free Bernie.  Someone has to pay the bill. We already have taxpayer funded pell grants! Stop trying to kill the middle class!
It's not free! You tax other people to pay for it! I shouldn't have to pay for someone's else's liberal arts degree that contributes nothing
#FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
Amazing how you SOBs say can't assume cost for tax reform for the middleclass, but think we should pay for free college.
Not a damn thing is free.
No, but #FreeCollege pays for itself in addl. taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
paid a lifetime of taxes, I paid for own college, my husband paidfor own college. My three kids are paying off their student loans. #notaxes
Just think, if you were all born earlier, you wouldn’t have had to do that.
Not going to lay our choices on someone else.
So are all of the people collecting a paycheck from colleges going to work for free?
Do firemen work for free?
Some do.
So do some teachers.
You Sir, are part of the reason America is falling apart!
Lol,  how?
If u have to ask, then you are in the same boat!
So it's Bernie's fault and not the clown currently threatening a war over Twitter? Got it....
The only 'clowns' here are Bernie and yourself! LOL
So a president mocking NK leader by calling him "rocket man" and starting war over Twitter is perfectly fine with you?
You are spinning just like a dem-o-rat!
Spinning? No I just hate hypocrites...
A well-intentioned, albeit severely wrong move. Nothing is free. Study basic economics.
SMH..  "tuition free" is a lie, its tax payer paid tuition. Collages are not going to just stop charging a tuition. / DERP!
And just who the ---- do you think will pay for your so called "FREE TUTION" I'll tell you who. Us the taxpayers. So HELL no
I challenge any "progressive" to convince me that we can afford free college tuition. Work hard like I did in poverty, and you can make it!
Eventually you run out of other ppls money! Unless, your'e a crooked politician!  FREE IS NOT FREE!
#FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
Who is going to pay for it?
#FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
I agree, it should be free — free to the people whose taxes are already paying for these public colleges and universities they already paid.
But Bernie, where does the funding come from? I’d compromise. Do a needs assessment for necessary skills to MAGA and give scholarships.
Who is paying for their education Bernie? Flipping nuts!!
Bernie is full of BS. There is no flipping way colleges can be free...quit lying to the people!!!!
Hell yea free college, free healthcare, free income. Nobody has to work again
I also believe their yrs ahead,  if you can give them scholarship better
You're going to have to start paying a lot more taxes than 13% Bernie to pay for the "free"  tuition.   Sell your houses donate to the cause
Free? Speak the truth you mean the working middle class pays only lazy un-unproductive idiots believe you
Just who is going go free snd eho is going to pickup thr tab? The rich? You're going to run out of other people's money. Then who pays?

Nothing is free you nitwit. And I refuse to pay for more freebies for anyone when I had to work my azz off to pay my way thru college
Maybe we need a conversation about why there's a communist in Congress. This is the US, there's no room for Nazis or Communist here.
You are a full blow idiot nothing free someone will pay won't be you you don't pay for health care either
Someone pays....pay for your own damn college. Make the Clinton Foundation pay.
Free for who?
So does that mean the teachers and staff will be working for free? Who pays for the materials?
NOTHING is free
No, but #FreeCollege pays for itself in addl. taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
Free anything is a failed concept
Are you going to put your hand in my pocket and take out some money in order to do this?
Ridiculous.
No. #FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
Why are you calling it free? Everyones Taxes will pay for it. Or the professors and college staf work for free?
You should be pushing for Crooked Hillary and her goons to be locked up! They helped you lose the election!
Sweet dreams oldie
Says the guy whose wife helped bankrupt a college.
I thought the DNC stabbed you in the back... I now think they stabbed you between your ears.
We are 20 Trillion in debt. We can't pay for stuff now. Lets add more to it? Sounds like a great idea. Nothing is free.
Go Away haven't you caused enough Trouble? Thanks for #45* your a Bug Reason he's in there!
Home of the free land of the brave...I know 59 families who might not agree. Their loved ones lost their freedom.
Home of the brave...Sure, if i'm carrying my glock. Something I recently put into my daily agenda when going outside my home.
As we become more & more seperated from one another the country will see more & more deranged individuals coming out of the wood work.
Deferring the cost to middle class America is not Free.The top 1% will not pay for everyone sorry Bernie.!!#govtistoobig

Hey Bern, did you pay the bank back yet? So, you are now moving on to defraud the American taxpayer too?
Old and communist.Nuf said
Good luck. Maybe you can get professors to teach for free, books printed for free etc. maybe I can live in your house for free.
Which house???
Bernie why dont u focus on your crazy supporters BLM Antifa Nazi feminist all killing is your Party 1.Train http://2.GOP  3.Las V
Ugh there is no such thing as free. Look at the horrors of socialism. Your trust govt now? How about when they take 60 cents of every single dollar you make in tax? Educate yourself people please.
Ive been married to my husband for 13 years. And hes been in Mexico because they havnt given him his papers. Hes never been in trouble and hes a workaholic. I have epilepsy and I need my husband with me. Can you sponser me Senator?
You want “free” stuff? Get a colorful bucket take a stroll house to house and demand money from yr neighbors cuz u want “free” stuff.
Look the neighbors in the eye and beg for money for your “free” life of tuition, healthcare, or whatever it is. IT IS NOT OK! #Parasites
Anyone ever see the spring breaks these little darlings go to? Thousands of kids going completely WILD! I do not want my hard earned $$ 2pay
I say absolutely NO to “free” tuition. Free stuff costs BILLIONS!
It might as well be free. A college education today is worthless. #snowflakes #safespaces #puppies&coloringbooks
Dumbest thread of the day.
No such thing as free.  Ever.  Someone always pays.  You are just pandering for votes.
Can I borrow some of the money that your wife stole to pay for college
Hey Bernie, Nothing is free, someone is paying for it and you imbeciles want to Levie more taxes. Do u realize how deep in debt we are?
Exactly how do you plan on paying for this free stuff??
Who is paying for this tuition free colleges & such So people that don’t have kids are going to pay for my children’s education COOL 
How about we re-establish guaranteed elementary education first? The repugnicans are destroying public education in poor communities
Free...Free ... Marxism Equality of Free Access  Vs.  value of Equality of Opportunity>Self-responsibility, Self-motivation&worthy
Seriously. More like what @greta said, “cost shifting”. Someone will be paying...higher taxes maybebut Free always sounds better.
Nothing is free Bernie
Who's paying for this?  Colleges & professors working for free?
Thank you Bern! You can start by waiving all Student Loan Debt for all graduates past & present. That way we know you are Serious.
#berniefraud will pay for it
So your wife is gonna give back money she stole? Awesome news! And by the way , if tax payers are paying for it, it isn't Free! Please educate yourself on that please! And Don't worry 2018 you will be unemployed!
How about instead u get govt out of controlling the college loan business which has helped to drive up the costs of a college education?
Such a simple thing most on the left (and many on the right ) don’t grasp!
#FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
Nothing is free.  This will backfire.


You’ve lost your mind Bernie. Would free college have help keep you wife out of court for fraud?
What you are really doing is trying to fund a huge federal work program and indoctrinate more people into Marxism.
Oh c’mon Bernie, just make it affordable. Free? Gimme a break! Make it inexpensive and affordable. Quit pandering the impossible!!
Nothing is free. And really, this is what’s important right now? Go away old man.
"No matter how much people on the left talk about compassion, they have no compassion for the taxpayers." Sowell
You certainly know how to spend everyone's money! Those kids can pay for their own education unless they want to join the military.
Nothing is free
Is this a parody account? It is, right? Bernie died when he caved to the DNC, I remember.
Bernie,  you sir...... are a moron that loves to spend the money of others. Thanks DOUCHEWAGON! #spendyourownmoney
You mean you haven't already been personally donating your salary to those who can't afford college?  What kind of socialist are you?
Really Bernie, are you/your wife paying for every one. My son got nothing free/still paying loans 8 years later. Shove it!
Not.

At the expense of who?
#FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
Big deal. It doesnt offset this. 

How about we celebrate American citizens? As opposed to constantly celebrating illegals, the LAW BREAKERS
"FREE." I'm pretty sure that word doesn't mean what you think it means.
Get rid of federal student loans and watch tuition plummet. College isn't for everyone
Will anyone want to go after devos finishes her take down of education.
Communist go home.
How does someone like this become a senator?
#Tyrant Tyrant! Tyrant! Sleezy, Sleezy Tyrant!
MR Sander's you are a very bad person, messing up a lot of young naieve minds. Shame on you.
Right. Just keep trying to crank up the income tax on the middle class.
So whose money will you be stealing to pay the teachers?
Free? Someone's going to pay for it. Gee, I wonder who you have in mind? Do tell!
You mean govt funded, which means more taxes. Nothing in life is free.
Bernie Bernie, I want HARBERD...
Do you honestly don't think hard working #Americans are sick of giving up so much of their pay checks when they themselves has children .
#FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
NO. #FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
Are you planning on paying for this so called FREE college? I’m not How stupid do u think we are. Nothing is for free!
People always say make America great again but don't want our children well educated. Strange.
AND WHO'S GONNA PAY THE TAXES, LIGHT & WATER & PROFESSOR'S ECT? 

YOU?
YOU GOING TO PAY FOR EVERYONE
USA will never be Socialist Country!! Stop pushing for it!!

So if college is free....then you will also stop ALL income tax, right?
How do you fund that? That's right your wife knows bank fraud!!
US lags behind all Europe and most of the rest of the world in offering free college education.
And yet people all over the world come to US colleges because our college education is so superb
Go away
Bernie! Nothing is free in life, someone pays! Problem with Socialism is eventually you run out of other people's money!
Who's paying for this, Bernie?
#FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.
#FeelTheDerp
well i'm not paying for it!
All for people pursuing higher education, but forcing individuals to pay for someone else, whats free about that, and are we still free?
Low income people get up to $7000 a year for college already. My daughter doesn't pay for any college. It's free if you go to state colleges
FAFSA.
There is no such thing as free. You mean paid for by tax dollars. And it will mean more taxes
FREE?  Seriously. Stop spending the taxpayer's money. It is not yours to do with as you please.  THAT is a Socialist concept. Please retire.
You never worked a day in your life freeloading prick 
Yeah & funnel the money for homeowners to pay in their real estate taxes. Not free
Ha! Good luck with that Nutty Professor! #fantasyland
You put up all your homes and I’ll gotten $ first and then offer up all the fed funds given to the Ivey Lesgue and then let’s talk..leech
Illegals already get free college of their choice paid by legal Americans! You Sir are a Communist trying to destroy this country!
You may want to consult the college's before you decree that, five minutes into that policy and bolt the doors & call the bulldozers, done.
Haha yeah right lol good luck with your failing communist agenda.
Paying for your own shit, is the best way for a young person to learn responsibility.. If everything is "free", you'll be worthless
This is the most idiotic thread I’ve seen in awhile. The perfect example of lazy ass socialist libs wanting everything free. Effing bull ship
Who is going to pay these professors, maintenance, security? You? Nothing is "free".
Who's paying for this?What's the GPA & standardized test score requirements & are my student loans Forgiven since I assumily will pay 4 it?!
Donate your pay check and stop taking mine for your addenda, what a disgusting liar.
College is the new high school
I will tune in to show my children what socialists lies and their  alleged facts are. It seems these DEMS can't dumb young people fast engh
Wow u are a crazy elite socialist FREE? have u not learn anything from history Hitler,Stalin,Polpott,Cuba,Venezuela=Socalist offer Free
Still trolling for campaign $$ with free offers.....
Praying that becomes possible 
Nope......there are such things as scholarships for those that excel, that IS free.  No such thing as a free lunch.  Somebody always pays.
The Hell, you say.
I am hundreds of thousands of dollars in student debt/parent plus loans...may never be able to retire. Please forgive these loans
Say it with me......Venezuela Admirer
.
There's no free lunch.
How will it be paid for?
How? Like your wife did to the college she put out of business? It's sure is tuition free now...& student free too.

#BankFraudBernie
Socialist!!! Who the heck is going to pay for this FREE tuition?  WE the people who WORK!!!!!
#FreeCollege pays for itself in additional taxes paid by grads over their lifetime. Other countries know that.

Who pays Bernie? Who TF pays?  Stop lying to people. You are a hypocrite and a you and your wife are criminals.
You mean you plan on robbing people by taxing them to pay for someone else's education while they struggle to feed their children?
Nothings free Bern, someone else pays for it unless the millionaires in DC are going to pay for it
So you are telling me that professors buildings  administration and books are provided free? What entity will do this? #socialism not free.
You get what you pay for "free" = no skin in the game = low success. Especially with this current lost generation. Stop the decepticon!
You get what you pay for. Good education ain't cheap,cheap education ain't good
Translation: Tomorrow, we start our push to make taxpayer pay for others tuition.
Really?

You're going to make professors & other workers at public college & universities donate their services?

So that tuition is free.
Free how? Someone somewhere is paying.  Perhaps you?
Students should pay back a small percentage of their wages each month based on earnings as if they get a high paid job, it wouldn't matter.
Can understand healthcare because it's a basic right, you shouldn't need to have money to see a doctor and get treatment.
