Oh, please. We know there are fascists on the right. There's most likely some on the left, too. Stop acting like hate is party exclusive.
We'll, Charlottesville was a "unite the right" rally. But they do need to call out antifa's violence, as well. I can't speak for all Dems...
But I, at least, know the hate on both sides is out of control. There should be more balanced coverage. That's why I try to get my news from
I understand what you mean. I tend to her "far" instead of "alt", and I do use it for both. But, again, I can't speak for all dems.
so get to work Bernie.
Conservatism
Right let's get rid of the police, fire dept, teachers, national park services.....
Oh you get to choose what is and isn't. Like health, doctors and nurses? OK got it.
True, but he's correct on this topic, so he still gets my RT
I have. I won't throw away any support for DACA. If the Russians want to voice their support for DACA, more power to 'em
Lol. Conflating support for DACA with support for Bernie & Russia is quite a stretch
If you don't want Bernie supporting issues that are important to Dems at large, you're cutting off your nose to spite your face
Check their police records Bernie you will be surprised at what you see
We can and we will sweep up millions of illegal aliens in OUR country and throw them the hell out! Enter legally.  We have a process moron!
I agree enter legal or stay away. I disagree a moron is a grade or 2 above Sanders at least & would want the illegal problem solved
I stand corrected.  ur right.  my bad.  lol.  could u even imagine what America would b under Sanders?  I cannot imagine that -- ever.
Yeah we can
Yes we can. Just watch Trump go. He is rolling right over the moral & ethical foundation of our country.
#DACA recipients are not taking jobs from anyone. They earn college degrees, work & pay taxes. Many of them work in healthcare and business.
Defending law breakers you like and denouncing the law breakers you dont agree with. #hypocritical. #lawless. Every law should be respected
Every American child born in the United States today, arrives 60K$ in debt.  That's his inheritance from Gov bureaucracy & abuse of power.
Defend?  The implementation of DACA was not done by Congress, as you should know makes the laws. Obama was not Congress and should not pushe
YES. YES. YES.
If we keep DACA but deport their illegal parents the Libs will complain that families are being separated. It may be easier to deport all.
Bernie...keep them and train them as future culprits rapist and terrorists...first lookafter your neighbour have enough food.then help other
Yes, but in order to help ppl, we need to curb population in . We HAVE to simultaneously address the global overpopulation problem.
and why shouldn't we?  go legal or go home
Yes...go legal or go home...well said.
You like them so much, you spend your millions. Not MY tax $$ on illegal aliens
It wouldn't be your money if we went back to the tax system after ww2 whereby companies paid 55% tax rate rather than proposed 15% or less.
You mean back 2 days of people over party? A UNITED nation of the working class? We learned HARD WAY Y it's NOT OK 2 avoid certain topics.
We are not sweeping up millions!  ICE is going after criminal illegal aliens!  Of which it is sad to say that sanctuary cities protect!
Make room for them at your home @SenSanders or one of your many mansions.
But he is a conscientious objector. Don't expect him to sacrifice anything. They called them yellow bellies in the past . Bank scammer also.
I think you meant to include that they are eating away at tax payer dollars as well.
Oh...well can't be having children educated.  Must toss them out of the country so you can be safe.
Public ed is payed for through taxes. For US citizens even a public school ed isn't 'technically' free. Why should illegals get it for free?
'Undocumented' Immigrants Pay Billions in Taxes
Yeah, but they cost tax payers over twice as much as they pay in taxes
Deporting undocumented immigrants could lose states $11 billion in taxes, study finds
$113 billion gross
http://www.fairus.org/publications/the-fiscal-burden-of-illegal-immigration-on-united-states-taxpayers …
The kids who applied for #DACA truly want to live the #AmericanDream A path for citizenship should definitely become available.  #DreamAct
#DefendDACA VIGOROUSLY Yes- @SenSanders - THE ppl we need to sweep up and throw out of county are the neonazis and white supremacists!
Better yet, they are Domestic terrorists and s/b the one's living in their beloved Guantanamo.
Are there any studies on the percentage of DACA recipients that actually become good people in US society?
What about all of the U.S. born people who join the white power movement?
What about them? Same as BLM. Same rights to express their opinions peacefully.
Are they legal? If not out they go.
You sir are a fool
Lol this is so sad, everyone is so selfish. If your not a native, you are all here because of an immigrant.
Caesar I am ashamed to call these people my countrymen. As you can tell from the election, only half of the country is selfish and ignorant
Yes the democrap half who hate America and all it stands for
Unless you're an indigenous person to this continent you come from an immigrant that's the American way where the country of the world
#defendDACA  @SenSanders 
You have had 10 yrs n ofc to fix it! Ask Schumer if you can PASS TAX REFORM. He don't care; his term good til 2022. Voice voters not Schumer
Yes we can illegal is illegal
It is the path to making America great again by expelling anyone that is not white.  They come for the Mexicans and Muslims. Who's next?
Wish the lazy senate could be swept  up and tossed out.
This Adm discriminates against all who are not white.  #hateintheWH #defendDACA #culturalwakeup #discrimination #Resist #democracy #1776
We can and we will. Deport and get in line.
Oh yes because all immigrants have "waited in line." Oh, please!! Get real.
Yes we can ! If they are illegal . Not our problem
No
You are not wrong, they are our future.
This is why i loveeeeee you Bernieee
They are assets.
The law is the law use not in the government go to jail when we lose millions unlike your wife has she found the millions yet
Bernie, if you want to defend DACA, then head back to D.C. and propose legislation. You guys are not doing your job.  Why? @POTUS
We must not. If young people in the country are worthy of being citizens then we should accept them. If not, out!
Make America America Again
Babbling Bernie please watch this video before U delude yourself further:
You need to STOP spewing your venom. People like u keep MY country in disarray. How much money have u made off of this disarray???
Illegal is against the law - deport with honor .If you want immigrants let the ones that are waiting .
Has this become the United States of skinheads KKK and Trump?
What if all #minorities left the #states, then we could smash it down, once and for all - then all minorities could move back. #idea
Another uninformed statement. There are fewer than 1 million DACA's here now. Another feeble attempt for more attention than it deserves.
#DefendDACA? Get US pot smokers out of prison who r lockedup by Crime Bill YOU signed. Where r sanctuary cities 4 Americans who break laws?
if brought here by their parents & this is the only country they know then we must give them a path to citizenship @realDonaldTrump
Any american that has issues, etc, then want them to understand your view and make decisions to implement them HOW is that going to happen?
hurt americans more. So you need to ask yourself, really what good are you doing? regardless of whether you have great ideas, if YOU abuse
and if you think your hate helps americans, I saw that chick what that educational chick NOT listen at all to your views and will probably
Well logistically it would take time but it's quite possible. Also there's certainly a legal precedent. I say we give it our very best shot.
Why do we have countries Bernie? Seriously, you wanted to be President? Why don't you remind me of the other countries we can just walk into
You have never been a champion of all the blacks in prison who broke the law. U cherry pick immigrant lawbreakers to defend.

@SenSanders

IF I COULDVE VOTED IT WOULDVE BEEN FOR YOU!  and I'm sure so many of my fellow #dacamented people would agree! 
You not Bernie sanders no more your Bernie Hernandez 
this isn't going to happen until the GOP grows a pair
#FeelTheBern Always good 2 have someone defend those poor kids that got taken into the US without being aware. DACA is an excellent program!
Watch us.
How much money did your wife extort again?
Please keep repeating the ad on voting on the Rx drug issue in Ohio.   We are so confused...
Besides the cruelty & heartache, does Trump or Congress or anyone in a power position in public service ever compare cost of just accepting?

Oh I'm sorry the majority of the Democratic vote has to go home
Maybe you can put them in one of your three houses Bank Fraud Bernie!
Bernie write your own tweets.  You're so plastic.  Your what we need a Plastic Socialist.
Yes we can.
Why do u hate those of us born here to legal immigrants. Don't our lives matter Bernie? Answer me that!
No
yes we can
Mr. Sandrers Sir, when are you guys gonna impeached Trump, the sooner the better Sir !!!
Maybe the Senator needs to move across the border and meet the criminals he wants us to deal with.
Absurd - $21,000,000,000,000 - my children's children will curse you
Bern, stop the fear mongering.  Isn't happening and you know it.
It's not millions in daca.
and why not if they have over stayed their visa or if they have committed a violent crime?
Bernie wtf with this potus ?
Really try putting a $50k bounty along with $5M fine & 10 yrs prison for every I legal hired.
To quote Barry-the-Bungler, "Yes we can!"
Something true and worthwhile.  Now break your allegiance to Breitbart and White Supremacy.
We first need to demand @realDonaldTrump #Resignation We can not move forward with a #WHITESUPREMACIST as @POTUS
Sure we can! The economy is doing great so far under Trump and he's been shittalking white nationalists and commies for the past few days.
Trump has done NOTHING for the economy, it's still running off Obama policy.  He hasn't been "shittalking" at all, he's been toeing line.
Retire!!
Isn't there anything in the Senate powers that can make sure the states are getting funded for their enrollment of Medicare/Medicaid members
Donate your millions to charity, hypocrite
Burlington College employees need jobs first before illegal aliens! America First Bernie!
Bernie loves immigrants so much that his half million vacation home is in an area of Vermont where there are ZERO immigrants. Lily white.
Yes we can
Do they make a broom that big? If so, it'll be made in the USA now. #maga

I love you Bernie but until they fight for this country, build this country, become a citizen, no rights!  I am a Born American! I hve right
Sure we can 
Why not? Let them come here legally and I will call them my fellow American.
too bad daca didnt include a fast track to citizenship. that would of been a better solution, but no.
You should've been president man
No Bernie, we sweep them up and throw them in a nice State like Vermont! Can't believe that's what you think - SWEEP " THEM " UP! Racist
You said you would defend the constitution, daca is unconstitutional.
Oh yes, the youth are easier too influence and mold into a socialist way of thinking or burnbots.
Yes American's can! The people it's being done to are anti-American!! America doesn't need any more of that from the likes of them!!
Apparently people are afraid they'll loose their status. Be aware that immigrants and their innovations preserve our place in the world!
go Bernie!! we re with you!!!
With their families hire me I would follow the laws not the lawless
Yes we can. You don't see what the young Antifa are doing to our country? Bernie take a nap.
Sure we can.  It's the law passed by the Congress,  of which you are a member
Blah, blah, blah. While you talk, they're doing it. Anyone going to STOP THEM?
We need to take care of our vets and homeless before any illegal
cut the crap out bernie...no 1 is chasing daca if they aren't breaking the law & cert not millions! just stir the crap up, ur reas for hate!
Plis figth for all ppl Mister senator mc cain plis
Bernie, do you mean #defundACA?  You'd really rather sell #insurance than provide #health to the people?  Who are you really working for?
They can come over LEGALLY Bernie. Do it right or don't do it at ALL. #BuildTheWall #retirealready
I agree with you 100%
Pretty sure ICE isn't using brooms. But maybe you can explain why illegals get in state tuition, legal citizens get no such accommodations.
Ok. Then you'd be open to selectively enforcing tax laws.
Socialism leaders always try to promote their ideology to young people. Compare how Chairman Mao used Red Guard, https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Guards 
You just want their votes
vs how many become criminals, gang members, public leeches, etc?
Another absolutely moronic statement
Go tell this to the parents of Brentwood Long Island
You have 3 houses why not let some illegals stay with you?
U want us to pay 4 everybody's medical and u want to bring more people in that can't afford it & you think that's ok. Lay off the crack.
#defendDACA silly socialist America is for LEGAL TAX PAYING citizens only not #anchorbabies
All the money we spend on illegals and foreign aid could be used to buy healthcare for true Americans!  How about you work for us!
Let them apply and go through the process.

This would not surprise me.
Why not?
Actually, we can.  It's our country.
How you defend our citizens by stopping illegal immigration and Islamic terrorism?!?
No we don't. We need to build the wall and fight against socialism
Fight the good fight!
Maybe Bernie will be hiding them at one of his houses.
What is your fetish with the younger Americans other then you can brainwash them easily
Bernie We are Fed Up with your lies and manipulation. AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST, VETERANS FIRST, OUR CHILDREN FIRST.
Could you please tell me what other country I can break into illegally without going to jail then deported?
Illegal must go no matter what.
Illegal immigration is... know say it with me kids... I.L.L.E.G.A.L.
Deport them, they are here illegally so send them out of this country!
Like your wife did!!
Oh yes we can. They are here illegally and are a pox on the country. Deport every single one of them.
So Christian of you.  What would Christ say or do? Sad you have so much anger.
Why not?
maybe you can teach them how to commit bank fraud, you know all about that
We must vigorously #appointbernie to pay all the expenses of the program. It's easy to say what needs to be done when you not the one paying
'I don't REALLY care about these "children". I'm ONLY concerned about people voting for me so I can use position as leverage... lobbyists.'
Throw them out if they are illegal if you don't like it make laws that speed up citizenship for daca members
Sweeping up millions of "ILLEGAL" Emigrants!The key word Illegal.i know that you communists want world domination but not here.we have laws!
Go buy another house.
This is a President that is STILL PROMOTING VIOLENCE AFTER #Charlottesville wtf is going on in America...
It seems as Bernie has convictions he'll fight 4: 
Q: Hv U EVER hrd him state he'll vigorously fight 4 kids in our failed foster care?

Please Retweet this. Trump, with hate in his heart, just RT'd and deleted THIS image, after a Domestic Terrorist ran down a woman with a car 
Their illegal immigrants. That makes them law breakers.
Telll SESSIONS to focus on DOMESTIC TERRORISTS GROUPS
and put them back on terror watch lists
Great-great Grampa Bernie this immigration mess was created by congress. Don't suddenly blame GOP. Both guilty. Get to work & fix it.
yes we can .... bernie !!!
Their illegal!
What about the more than half million babies aborted each year in the United States who never even a chance to live.
Then do your constitutional duty and recommend the legislation and see of it pass our not. Quit expectin the executive to do Congress job
it is about time our laws were enforced ! Enough of it all . They can come the legal way or not at all . If there family is.
going to be split up . They can all leave , that is an option too . We are kicking out the criminals !!! No more free ride !
Where were u when the people came into OUR COUNTRY illegally in the first place? did u stand up for America then? had you different outcome
yes we can !!!

#BankFraudBernie. Stop the lies Bernie
Why Not?? Works for me! Besides Mexico would not think twice to do it to us Americans !!
Da Affordable Care Act???
We must defend black kids from horrible public schools monopoly
