The thousands of people terrorized and brutalized by Arpaio's illegal actions deserve justice. No one in America should live in fear.
What about your hired assassin you sent to baseball field ?
1. He didn't hire an assassin. 
2. That would still not excuse Arpaio's crimes.
2 ½. Nothing would excuse his crimes.
crimes for enforcing the law?
I meant it more in a "crimes against humanity" sense but in a legal sense, he refused to comply with a court order against racial profiling
how else can you find out unless you ask?
I'm fine with people asking questions if that's what you mean. Sorry if I came off as rude.
Apologizing like that, we need more people doing it lol
You're awesome, dude
Just like Obama
You probably should've thought of this when you helped get Trump elected.
Yeah, remember when he campaigned for Trump after the primary?
By not dropping out on April, by running home to hole up and write a book for months?Yes. Stumping for Trump through omission of campaigning
Uhh, he did quite a bit of stumping for Clinton. You seem to have conveniently forgotten.
Trump got his talking points from Bernie, who did little to quell the "Bernie or Bust" diehards.
Except campaign for Clinton across the country. Bernie folks voted overwhelmingly for Clinton.
None of the Bernie supporters I know voted for Clinton. They voted for third party candidates.

Remember when you praised the leadership of Venezuela?  How'd that go, you fraud?
Bernie is the most racist senator, support term limits!
Nothing new is it tho
a Senator cannot pardon anyone Droo. Not sure where you are getting your information?? Or was your comment directed at our President?
#FeelTheBern
BERN, and Bern's paid TWEETERS, As long as @POTUS never pardons you for BANK FRAUD or ANYTHING ELSE... I'm HAPPY... SOCIALISM is a FAILURE
The thing to hate is Communism, the thing that Putin wants tRump to turn US to.
Putin is turning Russia to USSR 2.0
Look who Obama pardoned
Shut up old man
We lived in fear for a solid year.  Afraid we would be stuck with you or killary... THANK god neither 
#ISTANDWITHTRUMP
With that logic, OBAMA DEFENDED TERRORISM when pardoned #FALN #OscarLopezRivera AND EMPTIED GITMO!


It's a better pardon than Obama's pardon of the convicted traitor Manning
Commuting a sentence is not the same as pardoning, and whistle blowing is not the same as unjust torture of a human being/death by neglect.
http://leg.mt.gov/bills/mca/45/7/45-7-309.htm …
And anyone associated with conspiracy to work with Russians to influence our election. Our country is in crisis
How many of your Bernie Bros voted for him?
My friend did, because he hated Hillary.
 the social injustice leader strikes again. Shit up with your racist BS . Your pathetic
But your ok with Obadma doing it for drug dealers and Chelsea Manning who is a traitor? You people are sick .
Tell it to Kate! Tell it to the thousands of Americans who have suffered MS13 murders & gang rapes! Go back to your FRAUD case!
You helped put This Racist POS in office Bernie
None of you including @SenSanders said shit when Obama commuted the sentences of a bunch of convicted drug dealers.
Because they are still listed as felons. Commuting is not the same as pardoning.
Go back to the home Bernie.
What are you talking about @devrahall4ever2 ?
You didn't complain about Obama's pardons
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
Bernie did you get indignant when Clinton pardon 16 terrorists who set off 160 bombs?Or Obama who pardon terrorist of the same group-Rivera
Also cruel and unusual punishment, and illegal search and seizure. Let's not forget that.
We need you, Bernie!
Sheriff Joe would have been beaten to death in prison...Trump & Joe are Klans-Brothers
Agreed, f*ck the Annoying Orange
How twisted to imprison a man for defending American laws!
Say what? What law exactly is he defend here?
Arpaio did nothing wrong. I would support your pardon if you were the accused in this same situation.
Except he violated the constitution, and when caught, violated the court order. Lawman who breaks laws & defies court orders. So, "wrong".
And Clinton was innocent when when facts were proven? She did far worse to us then upholding immigration laws.
No charges, no indictments, no convictions after 2 decades of investigations. Give it up. She is not president. Stay on topic.
And that sheriff was charged for criminal contempt for not following the judge’s order, not the crap he did to Hispanics. 
The right thing would have been the legal system charge him for those actions, if they were in fact illegal.

5. Arpaio was not convicted of any individual crime or of breaking a criminal law, but of using his office to defy a federal judge.
@emmyrossum Yea iam startin to see that so PARDON DELBERT AFRICA THE MOVE 9
Wrong. He was sending a signal to Flynn and the boys to not snitch cause he will help them.
Breh haha 
The story is racism. The truth is cover up. Lol
It's hard to keep up. If you can even keep up. Depressing.
Thays the goal. There's so much shit to cover that nothing looks major. Look at today alone. 1. Pardon 2. Trans ban 3. Mueller witnesses
I have yet to see a day that I'm like "this is a good move by the president"
Sheriff Arpaio was doing his job!
If you go to any country and overstay your visa you'll get deported. Why should we do the opposite?

Joe Arpaio literally tortured pre-trial detainees with extreme heat and humiliation tactics because they were Latino http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2017/08/donald_trump_is_considering_pardoning_former_sheriff_joe_arpaio.html …
Hahahaha. Were you there? In the hot room?  Did anyone die? Did these people apply for asylum?

We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
Run for President Again Grandpa Bernie! We need you ! America needs to wake up in 2020
Bernie is fucking over the hill in too many ways.  But you can have your grandpa run for whatever you want in your wet dreams.
You could have made a more effective statement without the use of vulgarities. Be civil on here and you may find people actually liking you.
If having people like me was my goal, I would not be on twitter.   I am not complaining about you. You might have more if you didn't.
We wouldn't be here if you hadn't demonized Democrats and our leaders for the last 40 years and preached AGAINST Identity Politics & FOR WWC
Bernie are you.going http://to.buy  our hospitals the only way for free health care
it's white supremacy plain and simple.
sanders congress and you did nothing when obama traded 5 terrorist for a desserter and communing a traitor sentence
Excuse you sir. Arpaio was the one who did his job and found out about obama Fake BC..
Preach it. Once again, the same cow shot.
Why @POTUS did so?
Because he can!
Why does he can?
Because he's president!
Why he's president?
Because people chose him!

@PittBullPam
The majority did not choose him
That's a crazy unfair thing to say.
No it's not, Arpaio is a terrorist.
Joe Arpaio literally tortured pre-trial detainees with extreme heat and humiliation tactics because they were Latino http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2017/08/donald_trump_is_considering_pardoning_former_sheriff_joe_arpaio.html …
YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY WRONG! OBAMMER PARDONED A MAN, ANIMAL, WHO MURDERED 100 PEOPLE. RIVERS OR RIVERA.  JOE A. WAS DOING HIS JOB!!!
Arpaio followed the rule of law bernie sanders you socialist destructive man
Funny liberals want to punish domebody andcsend him to the grave if he speaks the truth
Right
Shut your pie hole sanders, if we cared what you thought you'd be president. With friends like Hillary who needs enemies,
No Bernie. You're not asking #WhoProfits from his ACTIONS
DT is, like Obama, defending Corporate Fascist Oligarchy
Racists= a GasStrawman
I think Bernie is well aware of #WhoProfits, and is playing the game, the best he can, from the inside.  It's our job to raise hell outside
I honestly wish I had your faith
I have to delude myself to continue in this world. & yeh, Clintons/deep state may have scared Bernie into conformity but I still trust him
Fair. Being on the Aspergers Spectrum I don't have that luxury.
Who's sheriff arpaio
And defend a blatant law breaker for his own political strategy
Trump dishonors WWII vets who fought fascism and imperialism
Trump dishonors all veterans and volunteers who have served this country in any way
Oh, shut up.  Arpaio was doing his job.
So was Goebbels.
So was Stalin.
Arresting people breakimg our immigration laws is likened to murdering Jewish people?
Of course, you missed the point. Saying "i was just doing my job" is not an excuse for illegal or immoral behavior.
I don't understand any of that. He swore to enforce the Law. He did enforce the Law. Judge's cannot circumvent the Law.
Where was the outrage when Pres Obama pardoned 212 & commuted convictions of 1,715?
But it's ok to pardon a person that commits treason?   Kinda hypocritical don't ya think?
Having a civil disagreement helps us learn alot from each other. Calling each other names (such as snowflake) shows a lack of decency.
#ArpaioPardon fuck that dirty ass . ..and Fuck the President of the United States of America 
Indeed. He has been consistent
Obama commuted Oscar Lopez Rivera's sentence. Remember Fraunces Tavern? 4 dead, 60 injured. That's a MURDERER, Bernie.
Obama targeted Conservatives using the IRS.  I heard no outrage from the left, when "lawful citizens" were persecuted for their politics?
Bernie make way for a New Democratic Party please
Agent Orange embraces and utilizes any power that makes him feel powerful and special.
'By pardoning @xychelsea, Obama has again made clear he will use the powers of the presidency to defend racism and discrimination.' -oh wait
You lost.
Where was your condemnation when Obama was pardoning criminals, traitors, and convicted terrorists? Hypocrite.
Baloney. The Arpaio contempt charge was the result of a witch hunt.


#Trump is again acting like a dictator. Arpaio was convicted lawfully of unlawful persecution. #Trump using his powers to hurt people-again
Some "educated" people believe that enforcing the law equals to racism. Unbelievable!!
You mean defend justice and fairness to all regardless of politics
You're right about Trump. But Arpaio's motives were in line with the law. However, his actions were unconstitutional. Rescind that pardon.


Did you think bergdholl was a hero ?
Arpaio is guilty of doing his job , how that is racist is beyond me !
Arpaio is like a slave owner. Put his old ass in jail, he broke the laws he was bound to defend. Trump is going to prison as well
You have your own problems to worry about, Bernie.  Apparently, they're also clouding your judgment.
Bernie, Upholding the law is not racist or discriminatory unless you're a criminal, and yes criminals need to live in fear! So buckle up pal
Comparing DT w Dems one sees how obsolete he is: if he acted like Dems, he'd say he builds a friendship bridge 2 Mexico, while building wall
When are you gonna rejoin....the good guys?  How can you be so stupid.  Think of all the young ppl you "Claim" 2 represent. You r ruining em
And you Bernie, who would you pardon? Chelsea Manning a traitor?  a known murder? A Rapist? A drug dealer? laws have penalties for reasons.
By your constant nagging comments about Hillary we  now have a Trump President. Kids, thank Bernie and "doctor" Stein
I will repeat - they are illegal aliens and breaking law.

I completely agree...
Let's get a strand of Trump's hair and send it off for a DNA test...could be a shocker for him. We all are one family...deny it he might.
Do more than Tweet senator. Action. Not words.
I wonder, regardless of this Pardon. If Joe Arpaio loses his 2nd amendment right to own a Firearm? Equally, does he lose his Voting Rights?
Thank you dear God for president Trump 
Tired of Congress and Senate making statements. DO something about it. Please!
Where was all that socialist outrage when Barack pardoned an illegal who immediately killed people? Or actual terrorists? Boo hoo.
And @GOP stands by, as usual.  #shameful
Sadly .
if you hadn't encouraged the Bernie or bust group trump would not have won.
You're an idiot, what about the criminals obama pardoned? https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …  https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-commutations …
This is probably the stupidest thing Bernie Sanders has ever said. And that's really saying something.
Arpaio has always been a good man
You never know you might need one soon yourself one day

Bernie, how can republicans stand silent?
Senator please. Enough already. You should have been the nominee, but your own party did you in. You got a house for silence stay that way
And you fools this this man did nothing wrong????
Say it how it is Bernie!! 

A agree
But, u were ok with ur POS No 44 pardoning a terrorist, a traitor & multiple felons. Sheriff Arpaio was targeted by No 44 for doing his job
And to pardon any of his minions - Flynn etc.  No respect for Rule of Law and No Moral Compass!!
Sheriff Joe was railroaded for upholding the law by a radically liberal court with a 90% overturn rate.
Go home Bernie. No one is listening to you.
hmmm..yet he had 1,752,234 views on Facebook. 
You'd Be Rich If You Could Leverage Facebook Like Bernie Sanders
Just like Obama.
This tweet will not age well. Libtards like you makes winning delicious. Thank you !
Hey @SenSanders , dont be to hard. You may be seeking one for your wife. Now that you are in bed with dnc it might not be forthcoming
@Zebrafarm2000 Yes he did. Trump is consistently a self serving racist
Amazing! We know you can't be racist. You'll sleep with any hooker who takes your money. Jane get off those charges of bank loan fraud yet?
Are you living well off our tax dollars Bernie?
Sounds like y'all need to pick up a can of this!
@realDonaldTrump can't help it. He was raised by a racist and the apple didn't fall far from the tree. #impeach45 #turncongressblue2018

Sir, U contributed significantly 2 @realDonaldTrump rise; distracting Clinton & attacking the Dem party. U lost moral authority 2 opose him.
trump oh trump...https://goo.gl/14Bjq2 
The only people who define by race are those who follow you, nobody else cares about it
https://www.facebook.com/attn/videos/1474168375951950/ …
Breaks my heart....    http://www.justicenewsnetwork.com/op-ed-god-damn-it-r-i-p-bernie-2016-you-called-for-political-revolution-and-we-answered/ …
You are nuttier than a fruit cake!
Nuts aren't a fruit. Easy mistake to make though 
Please tell us all about the sheriffs racism and discrimination? He enforced the immigration laws you knuckle head.
Don't forget it also proves that @realDonaldTrump is not the "law and order" president he said he was
And criminality in general.... wait til Mueller gets going
chelsea manning 
Arpaio is an evil man pardoned by the most evil man of all...
President Johnson's words still stand strong and true today. Shameful that the United States talk to other countries about human rights
That's right to I some of them to this day.
That is just not true. Don't you EVER get tired of telling lies to rile everyone up while spreading hatred & racism yourself? Just stop!
What documentation did Arpaios parents have when they washed up on the beaches of USA?
How many did Obama Pardon? A lot of Crack and Heriod Dealers !!!
Is that all you got?  Racism and discrimination.  Thst ship has sailed you communist..
You are out of touch woth reality because of you hatred of trump. You are not a leader but a puppet. Looks at the fact for once
Found this sweet picture of Bernie

His pardon for Sheriff Joe shows unwavering support for our law enforcement and our national security. But F Trump, right?
To all the fake lefties blaming Sanders for running a campaign, I hope CTR is paying you well for your integrity.
That's the problem you and the rest of fake leadership don't know the difference between racism and lawlessness
I would be nice Bernie !!!! he might pardon your wife ...
LOL
It's called protecting America. We should also let all illegals go to college for "free".
Protecting America..by pardoning a racist lawbreaker?..hmmmm NO!
Obama pardoned a terrorist. So "YES" President Trump is protecting America.
Lol...paleeeze
Lol...really????

No wonder you lost the election, you old stumbling fool.
No Bernie - Law & Order You would make a good President for some socialist country in need of a Wizard.
Where were you when President Obama was releasing known GTMO terrorists?
Oh, you mean like this guy ?
My point indeed!!
Arpio enforced the law something the last 2-3 administrations barely & rarely did
If he made it clear, then why do you need to tell us?
Your alt left followers are fine with this decision.
Go to bed Bernie, you're tired!
It was a frigging misdemeanor!  Unlike the full blow terrorists and traitors Obama pardoned wholesale!
Why do you have so many houses? How come you don't give me YOUR money, well my money back......
By ordering Arpaio not to enforce the immigration laws of this country, Judge Murray Snow violated the law. Go away Bernie.
That's why he lost in the primaries he couldn't brainwash the strong minded plus his own party sold him out
Please shut up go to bed
That is complete bull crap. President Trump did the correct thing.
@#congress #senate  do something about it. He is a using his powers.
It was a simple pardon for a misdemeanor. Chill guys the world didn't explode. You guys are way overacting Obama released terrorists.

I voted for you
He was voted by many americans for this reason.....of what are you surprised?
