Should the US adopt universal health care?
RT if you stand with @BernieSanders—and all of America #MedicareForEveryone
RT if you think single payer is simply not the answer #NoSinglePayer

Bernie Sanders' M4A bill eliminates the Hyde Amendment...
Wouldn't it be nice if people would just take the time to educate themselves on Bernie's #MedicareForAll bill?
That WON'T happen. We're at risk of losing Roe V Wade if Trump gets to make one more SCOTUS pick. I'm dealing with REALITY.
In case any of you haven't noticed, women are losing these rights state by state right now.
You, Warren, Schumer & Pelosi are liars.  You haven't seen it and have no idea what's in it so STOP IT
Millionas and Billionas.....1%....free shit for everyone.
I don't have ins. Bernie. Barely afford the danm fine. I own a small farm Medicaid is supports losers More jobs is better. Socialism sucks
little bird brained sanders
Why are Republicans willing to cut $1 trillion from Medicaid over 10 years, screwing millions out off health insurance?

1 word.

GREED
Why did Democrats crap all over millions of us with the ACA? We lost our insurance, we were forced to buy less insurance at double cost.
But, I guess as you get taken care of, screw everyone else, right?


#TrumpCare premium doubles one dad and one child. Outrageous
Communist like u have no place in our constitutional republic.
This is the repub's form  of genocide, following the Nazi guidebook that they are.
Bernie is a socialist. Nazis were socialists. They both have the same plans. You'd think you would be old enough to know that.
How about we get the same health care Senators get that’s  what I want
They get Obamacare. Except they get the top plan and Obama gave them a 73% cut in the cost because it was too expensive.
How many people have to suffer so the rich can thrive? We have to think about what's best for all, not just the 1 percenters.
Fearful and angry people act irrationally and are easily manipulated.
That's exactly how we got the president we have now. 
No. That is why leftists are marching in the streets, assaulting people and shooting politicians. They are unhinged and cant accept election
No. Leftists tend NOT to be the ones shooting people toting gun rights and running people over with cars screaming blood & soil. Total right
Ct dems silent while Malloy signs budget cutting healthcare for over 60,000 ct elderly and disabled.
Since there is no actual plan put forth by Congress yet, we can just assume this is another lie to stir up the idiot class.
All my students want a free education. Unfortunately when they realize it will take a large portion of their income later they change mind.
What health insurance plan are you on Mr. Sanders?
That's unacceptable. If Obamacare has shown us anything, it's that it shouldn't take 10 yrs to get 15M to lose their health insurance plan.
How many knocked off are here illegally?
 socialist please stop
We're counting on our elected liberal officials more than ever now.
Why do you call them liberal? Liberals seek freedom i.e. liberty. They are leftists i.e. socialists like Nazis, Soviet Russia, Venezuela.
So, where was all your concern when Obama cut  $750 billion from Medicare to help pay  insurance for illegal aliens?
Lies.
So you weren't there. So acc. To you we should silence the plaintiffs & deny them their day in court 
Whatever you're smoking, it must be good. That makes zero sense based on the conversation.
Social engineering

Does this count the same 2million families gaining and then opting out of their health “insurance” annually?
Fact check: LSD-Level false
Tell us how Americans will die, Bernie.
Bernie-is there ever any reform of spending u can curb? Tons of corruption w govt payouts
Most of it stupid democrat spending, cut more, eliminate any payments to able bodied people including refugees, no money!
@SenSanders @BernieSanders is a “paid-for-whore” and a liar....and a socialist, and bought out by Clinton’s ...and the past, not the future!
Your Socialism plan would throw 323,000,000 Americans into a lifestyle as great as can be found in Venezuela. Wonderful
In America one can purchase a gun and do something about the injustice.
good now they can get a job and buy it themselves
Cut the pay and benefits for Congress and Senate to pay for
all illegal immigrants?
Your a dumb idiot
I'm surprised it's not worse, those heartless bastards all need to go!
true
Is their any hope? I still want health care for all. Saying that I would love to know if we still have a chance to keep Medicaid as is.
Time to vote republicans out of office
please provide math formula 
I would like to use my calculator to figure 
this out
Socialism through corruption always leads to communism #antifasympathizer
maybe you could sell one of your vacation homes... #MrThirteenAndAHalfPercent
LET THEM GO ON OBAMA CARE.
And just keep on showing how republicans are so called pro-life.
people need to stand up and protest. Americans are smart. Please don't allow this to continue.
Then Bernie maybe the should get a job and pay for their own insurance...
Get a job I don’t care if it is a door greeter.
Suuurreee it would.
Why is that my problem Bernie? People need to  take responsibility for their own health, not the governments problem.
Trump only cares about the rich and protects the rich while they stand on the backs of the poor. Get him out of office!!
Not a good idea.
Lost all respect for you now. Your a liar just like Hillary. Go away or please run for president again liar
Bullshit!!!!!!!!  Your a liar
And what will you &’our representatives do??
Good.  American's should pay 4 their own health care.  Give us cars. Not health care
What a travesty!  The most vulnerable groups will be affected most.

The hard-working taxpaying people are tired of paying for other people's health insurance we can't do it anymore
Your votes to bring in more h1b and allow millions of illegals threw millions of USA workers out of jobs which cost them  health insurance
Well, you know what the mantra of Republicans is? Eat you-know-what and die.
Don’t negotiate with these bastards they’re going to use the replacement of csrs to do it let the csrs fal away so we can oust the repugnant
Bc of @POTUS @realDonaldTrump's
HATRED of Obama:
People. Will. DIE.
#BLOODonYourHands
@GOP
@HouseGOP
@SenateGOP
Republicans' budget cuts Medicaid by more than $1 trillion over 10 years – which would throw some 15 million Americans off health insurance.
What about 473 billion from Medicare. lyinying Donald. What about your promise. “No Cuts to SS,Medicare,Medicaid”.
I'm on Medicaid because the government forces me. I really don't want entitlements.
Not happening ... this Congress will pay dearly if this sneaks through... the people say NO!
enough of your lies old man
Liar . Slowing the growth doesn't mean throwing anyone off anything except in DC.
Sell a house and give to the poor
Republicans don't care
And decimate everybody else's budgeting
Yeah it a shame to make insurance companys compete to lower the cost  how much money do you stand to loose from lobbyist Bern man
You blew your credibility when you let Hillary steal the primary election from you. Now you are simply a nattering nabob of negativity.
You lying commie
Not cutting anything> just not upping it at the same rate. Bernie- you're a liar. Where did your new found wealth come from?BS is full of bs
Have to wait to see it I think you're a liar anything that comes out of your mouth is a lie
We want people to be able to support themselves crotch burn not depend on your socialist healthcare forever dickhead
Obamacare bankrupted my family with 24K premiums and 8K deductibles in the NY Marketplace. I gave it up. Don't fine me. #Repeal
Preach brother
We have to stop them. But how do we do that? Call your Representative and Senators and tell them 'no deal'
Thank You @BernieSanders for letting us know the facts of the chump trump & republicans plans. I pray you get in the white house in 2020!
Thank you, #HillaryClinton, #DNC, #DebbieWassermanSchultz & #DonnaBrazile for your outstanding effort to get #donaldtrump elected #POTUS45
Little less then obama did Bernie
And your plan would bank rupt the country

Medicaid is not health insurance
I volunteer to be the first one thrown off of my health insurance plan. $1700 a month is not my preference
Slows growth
#StopTheLies @SenSanders you haven't even read a plan, the plan isn't out yet, & you have already started your terrorist action of fear.
What were those 15 million doing before Obama care? They can go back to that
Please fight for medicare for all!!!
#TuesdayThoughts Time For More #BudgetCuts by @GOP @SenateGOP @POTUS   Will The @realDonaldTrump #PleaseStandUp Who is this Idiot #Imposter
That also means reining in the military industrial complex and their perpetual war mongering.
Here is the common sense point of view. We are nearly 20 TRILLION in debt. Cuts to EVERYTHING have to be made. That is the REALITY.
We can't stay growing these federal programs at the same rate Bernie #commonsense #20trilliondebt we need to cut most federal programs
Quit lying!  There HAS TO BE A CAP!!  Why don’t you sell ALL YOUR HOUSES and throw that money into the pot!!!
Not spending more isn’t a cut
Thanks for getting trump elected, see where we are now?
Appalling increase in Medicaid under Obama. Too many people take advantage & there is little to no follow-up after they once qualified.
IT IS TIME TO REAL IN THE COST OF MEDICINE. BETWEEN THE INSURANCE COMPANY'S, GREEDY DR'S, IT'S NO WONDER THAT AMERICAN TAXPAYERS GET SCREWED
I believe in a civil service forces, that could change everything about America.  But it's imperative, REAL leaders, don't steer or abuse it
Then Congress should fix it.
and they will work to get a private insurance. Or do you expect them to not advance in their careers and be poor for life?
Yeah right! Even if that were something more than a political scare tactic those 15 mil can get job and pay for their own. Socialism kills!
Americans? Are you mistaking them for illegals?
Liar
Big surprise there. Unless you noticed years ago that the Republicans have been trying as hard as they can to kill Americans.
Maybe we should throw them out of office or make America great again and throw them in jail.
Do these people have a conscience.
"Our for-profit health care system makes money off of death, the same way our arms merchants make money off of death. - Chris Hedges
It's NOT "free."
Sir you should be president. A true visionary with interests of all people in mind. Regards from south africa
Blah blah go to your socialist europe already if its such a utopia. Because the europeans have such a good track record with socialism
Go away
#NeverDJTHRC Might @HillaryClinton in UK Listen  #WhatHappened? Corbyn: Tories undermine NHS so patients go private
Apparently no one has their fingers on pulse of we the people
Not to worry, congress will still have coverage.
Well, as long as the Greedy Stingy Rich people have insurance, its all that matters!
Libtards are such losers
Yea yet they think its a "good " to to do w/out caring about the millions that r going 2 be kicked off their health  in the U.S.
Tax cuts for the billionaires...that’s what they want and the gop will sacrifice us for it.
Good we need to make cuts that should be a state issue
We know.  Now what?
Enact Medicare for All.
You are more nuts in the head Bank Fraud Bern!! Resign Retire! You are not in touch with real Americans!
That's horrible.  Like DC increasing the debt 10 trillion over eight years.  Go retire to your lake house.  How's the wife's investigation?
Medicaid should be stripped to catastrophic insurance. That's the problem. Then it could be expanded to everyone
Completely unacceptable
Truth @SenSanders hell you were for gutting the ACA AND AGREED WITH TRUMP WITH DOING SO UNTIL FOLKS STARTED COMING AT YOUR NECK!
Tell em baby. He's full of #shyt
lol
Why?
Quit your whining Senator and do something along with your obstructing colleauges to BETTER the country instead of tearing down POTUS! 
They will be working again as our economy grows so they won’t need welfare!
And some are abusing the system surprises me you have not figured a way yet. Maybe the wife is work in on it
Obamacare, which you supported would have destroyed Medicare. Socialist have nothing to offer, that's why you'll never win.
Senator what people forget is that this was done back in 2009 over a 1970s lawsuit millions lost medicaid then also #thepastrepeats
Stop lying its embarrassing.
You did this, helped elect DT!
Well, where do you think Trump is financing his Chinese loan for the 700 billion to the military from?
You guys are barely able to manage existing programs why should I put you in charge of my medical care

Why don't we put everyone on Medicare instead
To all those who voted for Trump and will lose their insurance subsidy, let them find out what they voted for.  Learn to vote informed.
They don't care uncle Bernie.  Look at how over 50% of congress and representatives are millionaires. Definitely not representing Americans.
#impeachtrumppence#maga
Plenty of time to find another teet to suck on eh Bernie then again you'll be dead or in prison by then
Great! Our country would do much better if government provided no healthcare! Bernie, I would suggest moving to Scandinavia. 
Meanwhile those tax cuts for top 2 percent are over two trillion - they want the one trillion to help cover crooked GOP and Trump Adminis
Scary times ahead! Not sure why Trump is wrecking everything! :(
You’re being deceptive. Medicaid and health insurance two entirely different things.
Quit with your lies. Obama and the demoncrats stole from Medicare to pay for Obamacare. So don't start spouting about media acid losses.
Isn't your wife under investigation for fraud?  I wouldn't keep talking if I were you.
They don't care or their policies would not cause those types of issues.
If you have a crystal ball on what will happen in 10 years the tell those people losing insurance which companies will be successful. #MAGA
No, it wouldn't. Medicaid is a fed-state partnership. States can pick up the difference and continue uncontrolled growth of the program.
He is cleaning out all Americans accounts!  Need an audit!
Hey Bernie shouldn't you worry about your fraud investigation & stop selling Americans more schemes to make yourself richer!
They don't belong on Medicaid in the first place. WAKE UP.! We are not socialists.
Wtf are you upper casing me? I don't believe in this bullshit President nor do I think the GOP is doing anything but hurting Americans.
Spend your own money old man!
Lie. Obamacare was nothing more than a HUGE expansion of Medicaid & needs to be cut. Get govt out of our insurance & we'll be fine.
Bernie, US needs a system based on UK NHS with Insce Companies kicked into touch. It should be free at point of need & paid for from Taxes
Fake news.  Do something good for our country and resign.
Bernie the LIAR!
Your made up numbers are a falsehood.. Real math doesn't lie...  How about we do the math on your wife's fraud?  Did you run those numbers?
Well, what’s 1 trillion when you democrates dunked the National Debt in 8 years.
Most of these people smoke, drink and do drugs.  Why should taxpayers subsidize this behavior.  Ban tobacco then let’s talk.
#KansasCrisis
Those who agree with this cut, also agree that disabled, poor and underprivileged citizens don't deserve health care. God have mercy on them
