Did you know you're advertising on Breitbart?
Who? Bernie or The Guardian?
Bernie.
Huh? What is Bernie advertising? He doesn't have a company
Asking people to become citizen co-sponsors of healthcare bill. Doc, just copied the tweet that shows it to you.
You think Bernie chose to do that?
No. But I think he should be made aware of it and stop his ads from going on Breitbart. Just like @slpng_giants is trying to do.
Wow. Ok. We have a white supremacist in the White House and it's STILL time for bashing Bernie?
Should Americans be forced to commit #citicide because they can't get the bank accounts they need?  #FATCA
Most "working class people" have health ins. so WTF are you talking about?
Most employers only hire part-time positions. Not legally req. to offer health insurance. 2-3 jobs needed to make ends meet.
That's simply wrong.  82% of jobs are full-time, and that percentage is increasing.
You over estimate.
The chart says 82.1%, does it not?  You said "most" jobs are part time, clearly way off.  Obviously, you're the one "over estimating."
You are so bent on proving you are right, you don't even know that the working class man wld be in debt after a major illness.
Facts matter, so stop making shit up.  Most working people have ins., particularly if in unions.  Millions don't want it or buy it.
Only dope addicts are cutting their lives short & those that choose unhealthy life choices
I believe Trump's got the Vets healthcare going in the right direction now
Medicare-for-All will never happen, if taxes raised. Initiate a MEDICARE OPTION for ACA, paid for with premiums.
Email to sailthebay@hotmail.com for white paper explaining details for initiating a MEDICARE OPTION for the ACA.
Other nations have BETTER HEALTH OUTCOMES & PAY LESS. We are the richest nation on earth; we should be taking care of everyone!
Who has better health care certainly not Canada or Europe you have to wait six months to see a doctor in any of them countries ￼
That is 100% incorrect.
If it's not true why do people in Canada that have money come to America for our healthcare and pay out-of-pocket
Happens a lot less often than people let on. I have 2 autoimmune diseases. Many MRIs, CT, EMGs and never had to wait.
I can get an appointment with my GP same day.
When the world hears about "universal" FREE health care how will the government keep from going BANKRUPT?
Much like Canada does... with comparable taxes AND universal healthcare!!! .. PS, kiss my ass, BOT!
What you are doing is calling for government control over our health so you may continue receiving hefty money from pharmaceuticals. Thieve!
My son wouldn't go to the doctor for his pinkeye because he couldn't afford the $140. copay. He has the ACA silver plan. Ridiculous.
That is sad and that is why socialized Healthcare works.
I would like to see the actual proof this country could never do it properly there's too many greedy fingers in the pool
You're mistaking Canada for the US.
I'm all for universal health care, do away with big insurance/ pharmaceutical money grabbing companies
Have you actually seen or witnessed universal healthcare?
Canadians say it's not perfect.  Have you ever been sick and denied medical care?
Never. Didn't even have to wait long to get appointment. Here had to wait a month and I have insurance here.
You the baffoon and the entire Democratic Party voted for #Obamacare and now you say we can't afford it. Lmao. Nice job.
Greedy insurance companies use it for an excuse to jack up premiums and co pays for no other reason so they get richer! It's wrong!
Your saying #Obamacare law of the land passed by Dems is allowing greedy insurance companies to jack up the prices. How is that possible?
That's the way the bill was written to drain us working class people and to give to the entitlement Bratz
To "ME" a shorter life is BETTER than living under SOCIALISM. Remember "Give me Liberty or Give me Death" speech. No, guess you don't.
How is having a minimum standard healthcare make us slaves?
Single Payer, Govt Owned and operated, THAT is what makes obamacare Socialistic and SLAVES.  Private Enterprise is the American Way.
You get the gov min, if you have the money to upgrade to a public or private package, u should be able to
how would you know? you have never had a real job !
What about the people that don't work and get free healthcare should they get to live longer lives
No but thanks to cronies like you we can't afford our premiums and the copays and socialized medicine is not the answer either
You should be in jail.
Socialized healthcare please!
Obama screwed it all up Bernie if you like your policy you can keep your policy that was all a bunch of bull
Many Brits would love theirs back too.
No! Im a working class person.I was born with a heart murmur and they have had to shock my heart.I have 4 children that r my soul!Iwannalive
You hang in there you're doing a good job
we cant afford healthcare therefore to solve the issue this idiot suggest that we add the costs of goverment burocracy to the mix!
does POTUS realize throw out DACA = kids & parents. Housing empty, slump in all sales, melania & family have no visa. Big deal!
Sanders 2020
He won't have a chance
Can they have the healthcare YOU have? Perhaps if Congress didn't exempt itself from laws you pass, you'd care more about what's in them.
He'd be happy to give people the healthcare he has. Maybe you haven't been paying attention.
I don't see him actually doing it. Talk is cheap. Especially from Congress.
He's one person who has no power to change the laws. What do you expect him to do?
He has tried. Maybe criticize those who don't vote for the bills he's proposed.
And yet he's accepted special benefits afforded to Congress. If he wanted to connect with the people, he'd reject them to prove his resolve.
Oh http://yawn.You 're one of those idiots who rejects Bernie because he's not pure enough. Waiting for the Messiah?
Waiting for someone in Congress to  lead by example. It's easy to criticize. It's harder to actually live the way you tell others to live.
Its sad and wrong to deny medical care.

No. That's why we need to @DraftBernie.
What makes you think that working class people have shorter lives.
There are apparently more lobbyists and special interest groups in the health care sector blocking this noble cause than in defence!
Medicare for all
Corrupt Democrat politicians say YES! CA Assembly Speaker Rendon (D) is blocking our bill #SB562 #MedicareForAll  Call him 916-319-2063
But they did support this for lobbyist $.   CA lawyers legalized malpractice; cheat&betray clients with impunity.
Mr. BS. How then have we survived for over 200 yrs being the best country in the world? And with all it's faults it still is. Uwant tochange
Just stop. You and Hillary are out of the race. There's no going back now.
Did the wife find the missing millions yet
It is a tendency that only can be changed by the ingredients of the French revolution. #social
Single payer works. MediCare for everyone!
I believe that came from Obama care
If you take violent crimes out of the life expectancy equation, Americans live longer than European counterparts.
Your going t kill of seniors with med for all program
Bernie, why doesn't congress get on the "working class" Heath care system. Then maybe the gvt could help with the cost difference
F O Bernie Dems own Obamacare
I agree so many who could afford it now they can't thanks to the rising costs of Obamacare
STOP talking about it and do something about it. Have you talk with the President on how to make it better.
America First = Health care first
Get on Obamacare, Senator Hypocrite.
They are better off not working and getting benefits and health care for free. That's the problem, the handouts so great why even work?
NO!!! So shut down Obamacare immediately!
Yes they should.
Pharma...SEVENTEEN out of TWENTY THREE commercials on Fake MSM are Pharma..any wonder they NEVER do an adverse PHARMA story
Is THAT why?
We're waiting for them to budget for it...sad truth is most will spend more on #iTunes than their own health care
We have single payer universal down here... And, like every entitlement in Hell, it's administered by a monolithic socialist bureaucracy.
Yes we do want universal health care-WE would be covered & none of this nonsense!
this is the guy that calls iceland a major country and gates chrustians
That's a gad damn lie
Wait, you got it...#obamacare or #AHCA or #ACA ...so WTF are you talking about @guardiannews
Hell no.
I honestly pray i dont live to be your age. Being senile must suck #muppetsanders
Yes. They should also have shorter lives for not believing what I believe.
Most Americans want a luxury car. It is a human right.
Brilliant! Thank Brack care for this dilemma. You and your Washington elite should be part of the program and also be few. to convert to SS
Medicare for all
We have shorter lives working our asses off so you can buy two vacation homes, your the center of everything you stand against
Can't afford much with no wage increases and huge student loan burdens!
Well that's been the status quo for the last 7 years thanks to ACA.  I am working class ppl and cannot afford so called ACA

Well, for starters you have to repeal Hyde.
No, Mr. Socialist most Americans don't want universal healthcare. Only your supporters who want freebies. Single pay = rationing & denials.
Bernie, why aren't you speaking out on the increases coming with Obamacare and those who can't afford Obamacare?
150 years ago 45 was considered Old age
Stop the fighting, stop the pain, it's inevitable, do it now!!
Health inequality is not just about health care. #SDoH
White supremacy is not a response to identity politics; identity politics are a response to white supremacy.
I believe!
No, pay should match cost of living increases! Problem solved! Stop the indignant welfare system by paying fair wages. CEOs make millions!
Are you going to pay for Bernie
Anybody that calls single payer socialism is probably just someone that makes huge profits on the private system we have now.
Bernie Sanders you get 100% health care you made it possible during bill Clinton president you all screw the people of lies
Go away you're wife is to go to jail
Cigarettes, fast food, alcohol, sugar -nah dont mention those things it doesnt play well in your narative
They should be responsible and see to their medical needs instead of sitting back and depend on democrats to keep the free stuff coming
For a strategic moment. Most Republicans don't support it and they have the majority in congress.
How about the short lives of the babies of #Yemen?
What would you know about working class people 13% Taxed Millionaire #BANKFRAUD Bernie?
I'm with you Bernie...Americans who can't afford basic health care should NOT suffer! One payer system is solution
Who the hell are you Bernie to tell us what most American want.what we want is for you and your wife to give the bank back it's $10 million!
@aertwitt but how else can people be forced to work at jobs they hate?
You're still working.  How old are you????  Hum, thought so.  Do as I say not as I do again.  Bernie, it's getting old.  Practice what u say
You re not talking about you comrade 
Or they can't afford the rising prices or the lack of access or the deductibles?
You are not entitled to healthcare. It is a service, you are not entitled to the service of another person.
It's a shame @SenSanders does not live by what he preaches. He will take your money and join the other side.
You must know; Jews, Blacks, Asians, Arabs, Muslims, Sikhs, Indian and Natives...ALL AMERICANS.  ALL KNOW AMERICAN HATE VERY WELL. Changes ?
And yes Bernie, All people's working a full time job MUST HAVE A REAL LIVING WAGE !!!!!!
Ask Bernie what kind of health care he will get. Let him live on Medicaid first he will change his tune.
NO!  We do not want government medicine!  Get that through your head.
The rich own stock in the Laboratories in the pharmaceutical companies Congress is rich & only want their profit over the voters
You guys had 60 votes in the Senate and big margin in house we didn't get single payer
I TINK AMERICA WANTS RUMP OUT F OFFICE
NO!
People are generally living longer with it without healcare so your pint is irrelevant
Yur right bermie
NO WE PAID TAXES ALL OUR WORKING DAYDS SO WE DESERVE  BETTER
Like Medicare for everyone
Hell no!
Well, they already have n I guess that's part of the scheme
In UK we have health care, but health inequalities here mean 14,000 in the north, die younger than if they had lived in the south
Some of these life long politicians actually say Jesus is coming back soon so why should they care. They know we'll breed more workers bees.
Where do you get that "most" people want Universal Healthcare? I don't remember anyone asking me or anyone I know what they want...
All the more reason to repeal Obamacare knuckle head.
No they don't.  As usual you are lying !!! Hypocrite Bernie.
No! But that's what the GOP want so ppl like Trump can have huge tax breaks.
Remove the burdensome regulations that prevent the free market from working. Problem solved.
They should not! End theft from them via the income tax and get gov. out of healthcare. If you want to help everyone, that is the solution.
Good question Bern, you're the one who voted for a bill that contains #deathpanels
https://www.cato.org/publications/commentary/universal-health-care-wont-work-witness-medicare … Thank god were working on getting you voted out...


I get so tired of Sanders bs!!
There's a reason his initials are BS lol
2/2 their deductible's or premiums, so they cannot go to damn doctor, YOU FOOL.  And have every dang Insurance company dropping out .
The GOP plan makes it easy for employers not to cover workers! Those making Min or just above can hardly afford food let alone coverage!
Exactly @SenSanders That is why we need to Repeal and REPLACE obumma care. Because Right now @SenSanders working class people cant 1/2
You are a serious threat to our freedom.I truly hope and pray that you and your kind fail in your brainwashing of our young & impressionable
Capitalism has no use for the elderly, sick those who are no longer productive. And regardless of contribution r unwanted. #MedicaidForAll
We also have to talk about having one of the highest infant mortality rates in the industrialized world. Disgraceful
Wonder which staffer you have tweeting for you today - healthy habits should not be ignored in healthcare
Fake political statements always come from luni socialists.
Health Care is a human right. The current system only benefits insurance companies, big pharma and corporations, NOT the American taxpayer.
How is your healthcare you hypocrite
My health care cost me 11 thou. A year with 6 thou. Deductable. Congress and Obama care can have this plan. Coverage but no care thanks Bern
The rich like you that do nothing but eat our taxdollars live very well as millionaires. Off the middle class. Term limits please
I thought the Democrats want Obamacare?Democrats called it ACA,now you say it's to expensive! Bernie, is Obamacare affordable or expensive?
They'll have death panels!!!!
ACA is NOT working!
What about those not working?  At what length should their lives be at?

Because I am paying for their insurance with spiked premiums.
House keeping and Janitorial 41years...disabled and NOTHING left to enjoy the day after payday??? What happens if I get sick???
If they're Nazis, yeah.
Are you suggesting they quit work?
0bamacare succeeded in lowering average life expectancy in the USA. Your 'single payer' will be much worse.
Absolutely correct. Why on earth can't Congress, Democrats and Republicans see this?
In a "cash is king" society, yes less money means less life.
No we don't
Because in America being poor is a capital offense.
Then why do you not encourage gutting the FDA? End corporate cronyism.
Sadly that has become an American value just like no pension no vacation no clean water no clean air no public education. REAGANOMICS!
Working class people in america have shorter lives because they work longer hours, more days, and have to beg for a vacation.
Bernie. R u F'n kidding? What statistics are you looking at that even prove that statement. Take a look at our food supply and coping skills
No. #MedicareForAll #Medicare4All #SinglePayer is what the working class people want & deserve...
Where is you data. Is it the working class or all the non working and why didn't you ACA solve this!
Did Bernie make any twitter statements about Charlottesville?
People in those countries are forced to pay others healthcare and still everyone can afford their own healthcare.
That chart shows how fcked up the h/c system in usa is.
Some induvidials are not able to take responsibility for their health. Why not help them in need? Americans are so self-absorbed
Not sure
Bernie, grasping at straws again - While Noble, this isn't a topic we're concerned with.  We're not miners w black lung out here
Better to persuade nonprofits to donate service than to compel taxpayers to pay for service. Keep government OUT of the healthcare industry.
If you're actually the working class you don't need to worry about affording it. Your following doesn't know the meaning of work.
How many will die due to the healthcare socialism gives them?
You're followers seem to want some people to have shorter lives. You spread violence and hate you #ivorytowerelitistcoward #falsegod...
Bernie the Fraud pushing his socialist poverty program.
If you want to force everyone to pay for healthcare for everyone, that includes all the racists and white supremacists.
I work & have  insurance but how the F*k can somebody put a price tag on 1 life We are all created equal we should be treated the same
Thank you Bernie for standing up for us all!
You have made me lose my ins 3 yrs in a row! Now I lose my dr Jan 1 bcs of you & @BarackObama . Do you care? Hell no!
Sorry Bernie. No we don't want universal healthcare!
depends who you ask...to the right people are just another disposable commodity.....walking dixie cups
How could a health care system be as fucked as yours
Since working class people built this country then the answer is YES!
Bernie, could you tweet a synopsis of what Universal Healthcare is and why we should incorporate into our system?
That's why it's called capitalism.
Bernie, your big lies are wearing thin.
Thats the plan isnt it. Work a person full throttle till they break down, throw them away and get a new one.
So how are you doing  with your not o bamacare health insurance?
You have an administration that doesn't care about the poor middle class families who can't afford healthcare in America, what a disgrace.
The right thing to do should have been done 8 1/2 years ago with Obama Care What happened Why did you fail American People now you Obstruct
You and your party caused this middle-class crisis. Obama care is this crisis. I am middle-class nd can't afford Obama care. Just repeal it!
Doctors have hands tied because of ACA. How do you think we will live longer? Scare tactic. My hope is not in gov
You don't apparently understand the ACA. Do you understand medicare? That's what he wants for all.
Like preborn children do from abortion? #childsacrifice
Republicans think so.
Thank you for your tireless work on trying to improve the quality of life of humans. -Sincerely, humanity
Socialist are waiting for you to step up and pay for it.
Yes. And I'm one of them. And that's a part of life. If I want more money, I have to work harder. For now, I get what I can pay for.
The VA is single-payer. It is the worst health care in the US. Months and months to get one simple procedure. Not what our country needs.
No! Our government should and could start a program for all to be have medical care! Other countries manage it, why can't we?
American or not, health care is a right. The sooner people get that through their thick skulls, humanity will progress & learn to cooperate.
Once health care goes universal, if it ever does, then humans can work on distant space travel as they learned to cooperate as a species.

The “rugged individualist” myth results in a few billionaires accumulating wealth & power controlling the US's political system & economy.
The GOP has had a long-standing reputation of being organized, professional & Resourceful. Well, it is now the lowest common denominator!
"Give me liberty or give me death."
Who will determine when to cut off medical treatment because the cost to benefit ratio is too costly for the government to bare?
It looks like the Republicans are creating a hybrid of capitalism & communism; I guess that is why their election symbol is "Red"!
Corporations that are a person/citizen & the 1% (up to 10%) are our elected representative’s puppeteer & control potential health care.
You know what really shortens lives? Government run healthcare
A Single Payer System will Increase The Payroll Tax More than 35% or more than $21,000 Per Taxpayer.
Only government officals should have shorter lives
The GOP's (the Reds) elected representatives are the puppets of the corporations that are considered a person/citizen & the 1%, up to 10%.
