And perhaps Russia???
We're not allies with Russia... what do you mean?
Quite, and Russia aren't in Saudi's league when it comes to human rights. No comparison.
No, Russia is far worse
That's just false. Russia oppresses political opoosition. Saudi beheads people in the public square for sorcery.
Russia kills more like assasinates any of Putin's enemies even if they are refugees in London.
We do that too. It's called the drone war. Kills 90% civilians.
That's a war against a foreign adversary. Putin kills political opponents seeking asylum w/ poison.
Bernie you don't speak out enough about Trump/Russia/Putin????
He probably does, it's just that he doesn't get enough coverage.
where were you when obama gave away all that money to iran???
Yeah, especially since they're probably the power behind ISIS, although not alone in that
definitely big component of ISIS .
Qatar knows the score of who is behind it too. Time to stop playing games

Americans love oil so much they're willing to turn a blind eye and blame everyone else
I'd argue we have been conditioned and given no choice #StandingRock
Why didn't we bomb the rats on 9/12?
My goodness! You're 74 yrs. old and NOW u take an interest n foreign  policy? Where the hell have you been? Wth have u been doing? Why now?
agreed.
Hey senator , accusing KSA of terrorism is like accusing u of #Alexandria. I feel sickened by that and ur accusation. Thanks 
After all the Saudis flew the planes into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon!
Hypocrit - Hillary wanted to embrace Qatar
And yet you voted to sell weapons to Saudi. And sanctions on Russia. I am ashamed of donating to your campaign.
Obsession is a two-edged sword: a good servant, but a bad master.
Force Hillary to give back the Saudi contributions to her campaign... force her to do so, then you can talk!
But were you thinking about that when you cede to Killary?
Until he calls for Hrod17 and DNC investigations by DOJ ,  Bernie is dead to me.
funny and when exactly you've informed about it? yesterday? this's what your democratic party is doing for decades,taking Billions from them
US economy & strength of $ is inextricably linked to Saudi oil trading through #petrodollar system. Trillions in US treasury bonds!
yeah the US is nothing without Saudi arabia! gimme a break
Saudi Arabia ditching Qatar over terrorism is like McDonalds accusing Burger King of selling junk
 @IntheNow_tweet
#Syria's rebels are just like this Saudi cleric who is asking God to grantSunnis victory over Christians @LinaArabii
Trump the blockhead insults Mayor of London after making alliance with Saudis who fund ISIS terrorism https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/871177806390194177 … @MayorofLondon
Hillary Clinton docs reveal that #Saudi and #Qatar funded ISIS http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/home-office-terrorist-funding-report-saudia-arabia-focus-not-publish-conservatives-government-a7766381.html …
Mayor of London has supported radical Islamic Terrorism. Look at number of attacks while he has been in office.Happens with Muslim politics!
May behind jihadism
When these terrorists ruled E Aleppo, the UK gov called them "rebels" & fully supported them! However, we still condemn terrorism in the UK! 
Ageed
Really? Let me guess. This somehow is Breaking News for some. What can I say, I was downtown NYC at 911. 
Get it? 
The people who gave fifty million dollars to crooked Hillary?
Didn't seem to care when bush was in office...
How bout 114 Billion $'s worth of HARD LOOK
Ask your buddy Hillary to stop dealing with them.
Bernie, you endorsed Hillary whose direct donors are the same Saudi Arabia. Why are you any different?
They're spreading "Wahhabism " with their petro-dollars.. it is very extreme with fundamental misinterpretations
Wahabiten und Salafisten sind die Filzläuse im Barte des Propheten!
Not to mention Israel ....
My GOD , crazy Bernie is only 20yrs late with this revelation. What a damn idiot. Thanks God crazy Bernie and his idiots lost.
The SSaudi vipernest is the cancer in the world ans should be out rooted
Oh come on, what's that line ? No all musulims are bad?
Iran is the instigator. Saudi Arabia is just protecting itself.
Funding terrorism is very profitable for the U.S. it seems.
And Israel....brothers in arms
That must be the god you pray too
As a Jew, what have you done to stop the importation of Muslims & the construction of mosques across this country?! I'm betting nothing!
It's a good thing we sold them millions more in weapons. Good job @realDonaldTrump.
the Rothchilds killed the real Saudi royals and installed their genocidal puppets to rule Saudi Arabia.
You're average American,  even the retired ones who think they are very smart, have no idea about 28 missing pages from the 911 report.
Are #sustainableenergy sources our best weapon against Saudi extremism?  Undermine their wealth to prevent global influence?
@RandPaul @RonPaul Thank you to both Sen Paul & Sen Sanders 4 their powerful plea's to stop arming Saudi Arabia! #NotMeUs #WednesdayWisdom
You know, I actually agree...
Tell Hillary
We need to win the battle of ideas.
I do not know this time how you would react as president on that ... or Hillary.
Said pretty much the entire world...
Why your not happy with their religion?
Especially considering that SA was ignored and given a pass by the Obama administration.  Huge problem that snowballed over 8 years.
So disappointing Obama continued on Bush policies without critism from media. Made another sectarian country a victim of terrorism.
A very long time....44 had them in a box - 45 a major regression - to say the least.  Paul, Rubio & friends clueless!
@JodieGage interesting read
not a great article, Bernie. It's based on this one which is slightly better tho
and here's the good news:
Maybe we should stop destabilizing it too.
You better strengthen your relationship even more .. it's hard to come by such alli
Can we add Israel to this list..
Such a poor analysis,and it comes from an american who have destroyed more than half of the world in the name of democracy,vietman to iraq
Perhaps it's time to learn how to share all the lands on Earth  #WorldPeace #ShareTheWorld #NoWars #StopHate #StopDiscrimination
Did SA as country invade Iraq, or occupy other's lands, or develop ballistic missiles or nukes,this is politically biased media
That is a welcome development.
More accurately Israel and USA agenda continues to destabalize the world for profit
Yes. Also...
It's long past time that we took a very hard look at our relationship with Apartheid Israel.
It’s long past time that we took a very hard look at our relationship with Saudi Arabia. https://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/2017/06/10/saudi-arabia-destabilizing-world/ivMeb7TWGk1fQaVjZWWKGP/story.html …
Clinton Received $100 Million from Saudi

No we should sell them more weapons, put Hillary in jail for talking to them, & praise Donald Trump for selling them weapons to give 2 ISIS.
What? They buy our military industrial complex weaponry and support our wars.
Why has America ignored Saudis blatant deliberate hand in 9/11 ? When is somebody in Washington gonna grow a pair & call out Saudi on this ?
It's because #SaudiArmsSale is filling #potus pocket along with # ivanka wallet with millions of $
اقول ولد متعه لذلك ماراح نرد على عيناتك لكن اذا انت تشوف انك رجل بمعنى الكلمه او ايران ذنابها قربو من حدود السعودية والله ان نستحل حت نسائكم
There goes Bernie and his white privilege again
Respect @SenSanders but pls stop supporting #Russiagate.  I'm sure you know it's wrong to bear false witness. It is also freaking dangerous.
As Trump receives from them in prob billions!
Where did the funding for 9/11 come from? Where did the 9/11 bombers train? Saudi Arabia.
Where dem tax returns??
#45 has already solidified his personal financial relationsip with the Saudis. Americans are on their own.
It is time we take a long, hard look at ourselves in the Middle East. Long enough look. OUT!
Ah yes the lovely Saudis - the head-choppers, adulterer-stoners & cluster-bombers who support terrorism. Yes let's look at that relationship
America is destabilizing the World, including Saudi Arabia. Your nation has funded and created all problems the M.E faces now.
In the age of science, imaginary  religious ideology  has lost its significance. There should be no place for religion based states.
It is time not only for US, but for all democratic countries to have a hard look at relationship with all  theocratic states.
Democracies all over the world should form an alliance against theocracy. In the age of science religion is the greatest danger to humanity.
Why the sudden change ? USA hv always danced to Saudi tune. USA hv supplied arms to all Arab/Muslim countries & tacitly supported terrorism
-- it took you this long to speak out against Saudi Arabia? You hypocrite!
Those who make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities. #voltaire
Is it just me ,...we were in really good  relationship eight years before that?
So NOW you want to give them back their money Bernie?  Photocopy the check you cut them, and post it in the NYT.
Sorry,you/we are way passsed thttime.Don't blame everything on DT.He is just an idiot. 
Pat on back-55white , 1 Black and 100's Zionists.
But not Israel, got forbid.
@POTUS But let's kiss their asses and rub their orbs!  Only @realDonaldTrump would think they had the right idea!
Oh stop. It doesn't matter where the terrorists get their money, only that they hate us for our freedom!
Absofuckinglutely
That is for sure, if by that he means tell them to not expect any more US support!

Wait for the other shoe.....
Right, did you say anything when Clintons were cashing from the Saudis?
What did U expect Now that trump gave them an endorsement last month Nothing's going to stop them
#FreeThe3
Yep
Israel, too. Also.
duh. also Israel. America has been the biggest terrorist for decades. Won;t change til u all shoot yourselves. keep it up. free guns for ALL
END IT! END IT! END IT!
The Saudis are no particular friend to America. Biggest state sponsors of terrorism - no wonder the GOP loves them!
wow this sounds like you are being xenophobic
Ok Bernie what are you up to now? The friend of your enemy Trump is now your enemy?
Is this really happening 
True home of radical Islamists
Dude ... your information is so old ... have you heard about vision2030 ... the modern Saudi Arabia being built now
you r funny, past time ? what rock have you been living under, the stuff that comes from ur mouth r both comical & stupid
Agree
Thank You!!! Finally you speak up about this. I thought only Tulsi was on it.
Fundamentalism is surging in tiny #Maldives too. And guess whose behind? Saudi's.
@realDonaldTrump they're the #OrangeBuffoon's new best chums! #resist
@LeeCamp not just Saudi Arabia also Israel and a hand full of other's
Seriously? Let's look at ourselves! We enable them!
We've already looked long and hard. 

It's time to END the relationship & stop arming not only the Saudis, but terrorists around the world.
So it was ok when Dems were doing it, but now it's bad because it's Trump? Your bias is showing. ;-)
Thank you for recognizing that!
Bernie, our POTUS won't do anything about Turkey thugs beating Americans inour streets or Russian election hacks. Y would he stand up to SA?
To what end? $5-6/gal gas is the price we pay for ending that relationship.
@TulsiGabbard @Tim_Canova Does this mean we won't see President and Mrs. Sanders doing the Saudi sword dance? Would be a sight to behold. 
@Truthriseswlove 
4d-Chess !!!!

 Potus Trump has the Boston Globe and Bernie saying we should get rid of ally Saudi Arabia.

#MAGA
@TulsiGabbard @Tim_Canova It was irresponsible/bad judgment to have Russia hysteria obscure Saudi threat/ever growing undue influence.
This is what many have been saying for years & now we just had a fellow autocrat sell billions worth of OUR weapons to this false friend.
Russia 'interfered' in our election, in Putin's stupid KGB fixation, but Saudis have led us into 7 Trillion $ wars...cost us much more.
And the Clintons?
@TulsiGabbard @Tim_Canova Better late than never you have decided to 'lead' on issue. Russia can only dream of buying so many Congressman.
@TulsiGabbard Thank you Bernie Sanders.  Now that Saudis w 7 lobbying FIRMS have bought half of Congress you have waken up to threat. 
DON'T look too hard, were selling them weapons (maybe if Trump isn't BS). Yes it's WAY PAST TIME
Awww Bernie, you're the best example of a squirrel who finds a nut once ina blue moon - I agree with you on this one!
do israel next.
Syria & Yemen are both Saudi-US related atrocities. You can't be both anti-Assad and anti-KSA. Denounce the deep state for good, Bernie.
YAS! Let the antiwar movement wake up!
THANK YOU @RandPaul @SenToddYoung @SenSanders & @ChrisMurphyCT for speaking truth on Senate floor this am on behalf of #Yemen. #SJRes42
Watch @SenSanders and 5 other Senators speak out about Yemen, Saudi Arabia and its terrorism & Wahhabism
If you want to watch the speeches given this morning on Senate floor re: #SJRes42, start at minute 28:00 

https://twitter.com/cspan/status/874628085706051587 …
A whole 4 now? Congress is not doing their jobs. Sick to death of the T word. I  root for people of Yemen, Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria et al.
Newsflash entire Middle East needs to be checked out nothing new
I'm quite certain Truman knew what Faustian bargain with the Saudis would bring, but for our friends the British Empire... and oil, natch!
I'm glad to see Bernie saying this. He should be out in front on this. Kinzer is an excellent author, by the way.
These goasts
 are going to kill our free western world if we let them. Stop them now before it is to late!
Bernie, yourself included I'm thinking!!!
Are you going to behave like a true progressive and join Senator Rand Paul in opposing this arms deal with the Yemeni genocidal Saudis?
Yes, like Hillary's approval of $29.4 Billion in F15 Jets 12/2011, then Saudi's donating up to 25mil to CFoundation
I agree. Islamic govt is by definition a human rights violation.We should place human rights sanctions & boycotts on Islamic countries. @DNC
Well said!
BEEN SAYING THIS FOR A MIN!!!!!
now you're saying this what are you been doing the last 35 years
@stephenkinzer hmm... oversimplification which also is problematic. Shifting religious views are also a result of pre-existing miseries
Oh don't worry Trump loves them bc he got to put his hands on an illuminating orb! Plus it didn't hurt that they played to his ego every min
@JAdomian @HaleyJoelOsment weren't most of the 9/11 jackers fom there? @realDonaldTrump  really changed his tune when he became president
Agree!
Said from a man who has been in politics as long as he has, guess you will want to look at denture cream next. You old fossil, but wealthy.
Trump does personal $$ biz there & shouldn't be allowed to sell weapons to the country where the majority of 9-11 terrorists came from.
About time u mention this.
... and Israel, while we're at it. Great ally to have, but do they realllly have to control our foreign policy? Also: #IsraeliApartheid?
About time u mention this.
your socialist values have drained your brain till the point that you advocate for Iran in Washington. #Shame
@eshaLegal @BostonGlobe When @BernieSanders and @RandPaul agree on something it's definitely the right thing to do.
Part of me enjoy the shit out of seeing the Islamophobic snowflakes' Dear Leader cozy up to this totalitarian Islamist regime. Bad person? 
Sorry Bernie but the US is the biggest destabilizer in the world! We always have been! #capitalismiskillingtheworld
Thank you Bernie
You wouldn't if Hillary had won
Cuz you prefer when the Iranians are doing the destabilizing.
It's amAzing what you are waking up to after 8 years of moral and intellectual slumber.
But they help us in the fight against terrorism! After all, the 9/11 terrorist were mostly from Saudi Arabia. And they have oil...
Yes, and we need an embargo on arms sales to Saudi Arabia.
hell yes drag them bernie
Yes, & is this now biting the Saudis in the rear?
We are going to pay a heavy price for tolerating this.
If they dudn't have oil we would have blown them off a lomg time ago
*didn't
SENATOR SANDERS IF IT WERE NOT FOR SAUDI ARABIA ;THIS GLOBAL RECESSION WOULD LAST 40 YEARS ;GIVE THEM CREDIT WHERE IT COUNTS!
Yes they are, but the primary is your country Bernie, it's what they are offering that the House of Saud won't refuse
Not as long as we get cheap oil and can sell them arms.
Also, Israel
Neocons and neoliberals all have a hardon for Russia, so that's not likely to happen anytime soon.
Yeah. Ya think? Qatar too. Turkey. Afghanistan. Iraq. Libya. Iran. Russia. North Korea. Russia. Man we are in a mess the world over.
With 45 in office, good luck. He seemed to love them.
Wait now you are objecting to selling to a Muslim country
So what are you doing besides tweeting?
You don't actually think he isn't doing anything ... and you don't actually think Bernie is writing his tweets?
They are leading supporter of terrorism and trump and Obama bows to them
@CoenAlex @BostonGlobe... and Syria and Libya and Iraq and Israel and Ukraine and the Baltics... free to jump in folks
I can't wait for 2018 election so I can vote for democrats.
Finally, something I agree with @SenSanders on. Makes no sense that we R cozy with keepers of the Hillbilly Wahhabi Death Cult.
To have seen & heard FLOTUS and Ivanka Trump praise them for their women's right policies was shocking to the rest of the world!
So it's either secular dictatorships for Islamic countries or Islamic fundamentalism? How do you feel about this part of the text ?
I second that, a disturbing idea written there, that some countries aren't rich or educated enough for democracy...
Thinking about, that's a fairly patronising thing to say considering who's in the White House right now 
