We have no money, of course is good to give everything free.
You mean making sure everyone is indoctrinated properly
What does any culture do? It indoctrinates. If a school doesn't do it, a radical religious sect will. I'll take an educational indoctrinate
School isn’t supposed to teach ideology or propaganda.
A school is a culture's means of teaching cultural values. Ideology takes many forms.
You're a roll, Bernie. Never stop.
And anyone who does is lazy af. Let people work for their money and keep more of it, instead of taking government handouts.
Nobody has time to provide every good for themselves, that’s why people specialize in one thing, and spend their earnings to get others.
But will you include technical degrees as well?  My 6 years in higher education was so worthwhile it probably should have been free.
That moment when you accidentally support tuition-free colleges....
So who is giving cuts to billionaires?  Get you lie straight Bernie, better yet GO TO THE CLUE STORE!
Go Bernie go! How many students are giving up dreams that might really serve humanity in the long run for short term loan-payability today?
Every time I hear about college being free from you it is in regard to 4 year degrees. Can't help but feel you don't value trade programs...
Exactly Bernie.EducatingAmericans should be #1 on the 45agenda.Please get #ImpeachTrumpNow out Public Colleges should be free !!!
If we impeach trump, we will have to deal with pence....just saying
I guarantee if you were a middle class citizen you would not be saying anything like this you would be completely against this...
So sanders isn't allowed to present solutions because he's not poor enough for you? Get real.
it's likely since the top 1% pay 50% of all taxes. The bottom 80% pay 15%. Do the math Berntard.
America needs free college education. Only an educated generation can learn from the past and improve the future. not just the rich of a gen
The problem is....it won't be free. Someone has to pay for it. Eventually, you will run out of other people's money
The RICH simply have to pay their fair share! Ending offshore tax evasion will help! Have you thought of THAT?
It's called the law. It's legal for them to do that with there money. Become a millionaire and you can place your money in a tax loophole
I don't care if they use "their $$". Representatives should be using TAXPAYER  money in a non-wasteful manner.
Represenitives, yes. But big business owners can do what they want with their money is my point.
I get that. But the cabinet members spent OUR $$$ on private jet trips!
And that is very wrong
percent of Americans not paying taxes will rise from 40% to 60% Bern.
Trump wants to save us all from the horror of taxes and education.
Make America Dumb Again!
I'd say "what a freaking joke", but it's not funny Bernie is so pathetically stupid.And those that think he's all that are sipping Kool-aid
Please take another run at the presidency!
No Tax cut distractions #FocusAmerica
Wrong. Do not screw my education up by flooding my classes with people who don't want to have an obligation to pay back what they receive.
If everyone goes to school, there will be more incentive to hire more teachers, more feedback into the educational system.. better for all
People who want free school are NOT the type we want in academia. They would flood the system, consume resources, and dilute its potency.
Says Bernie who is a one pretender
Short term thinking is the mindset of a debtor according to Debtors Anonymous. It always catches up with you in tbe end. Go Bernie go!
Trank you very much. Bit their groundincom  top.
Did that happen at the college your wife defrauded? How's those multiple houses that you got through theft of our labors/fraud/hush money?
@RBReich In land of dreams there's a think tank funded by the rich called Billionaires for Integrity. Alas, no such org exists in reality.
In a real paradise there are no "think tanks".
Engineers, economists, and scientists must come together to provide an efficient, fair, and sustainable society for the people of the planet
Is there any evidence economists know anything about anything real?
I particularly liked The Age of Sustainable Development by Columbia U professor Jeffrey Sachs
But who's gonna pay all those liberal profs salaries comrade
Taxes, obviously. Who pays a soldier's salary?
It is not however there job to brainwash oops I'm mean educate adults
Since when is education brainwashing? Brainwashing is religious indoctrination. Education frees a mind.
Since you're throwing around words like parse that tells me everything I need to know about you
Wow aren't u a tough one
Yea :D
Sir, This Country Needs You! Please Never Stop Speaking Up And TryingTo Make Our Country Stronger And Better!
Tell like it is!
America was great before whites came and murdered natives killed off the buffalo and brought diseases
It this country focused on having the healthiest and most educated people on earth there would be nothing that we couldn't achieve
If a school did this too you.. stay far away from teaching 100's of years of communism history doesn't matter, Bernie's opinion does!
Truer words were never spoken.
Stop talking. Theif.
Basic education is so antiquated that receiving it does little good to those who learn differently. Educate for the work world of today!
Bernie thank God that you are not our president We need more jobs and big companies to come back to the United States
It's isn't the governments place to pay for people's education. Pay foe it yourself. If you can't, get a job
Why not a tax cut they pay the bulk of US taxes?
Says the commie clown whose wife works for the big banks and owns multiple mansions. R you going to give away all your money for the cause
Grab that #GovGun and force some ppl to pay for my stuff. You're the true champ of class warfare. TAKE, TAKE, TAKE!
It's not stealing from Americans either Bernie
Tax cuts for alk effects ALL.  People who make more save more same basic % of income.  How is it not fair?
Is there anything not free in Bernie's world?!!
"Change will not come by way of memes, hashtags and gimmicks" 

#InclusiveJustice
When the level of education is at least what it was pre Lyndon Johnson. It’s a waste of $s now; Berkeley students don’t even speak well.
Here here!!
aside from the fact the plan raises the taxes of the wealthiest Americans and cuts everyone else's taxes  but that doesn't matter right
Speaking of taxes, neither Uber nor Lyft pay taxes in VT while they steal work from honest, tax paying local VT #taxi companies.  Excuse?
He is giving tax cuts to the middle and lower class. Where are you getting this from? He explained it, national tv. @SenSanders
education is important, it is able to change life and fate ...Education should be free, if it is possible .
Even ILLEGAL ALIENS?????
Bernie will pay for it. Thank you Bernie!!!
I’m not agree that Obama went to play Golf with the fascist Macri/Argentina
Close Trump’s friend
Pushing a very tired and failed socialist agenda again Sen. Sanders
Now do you wish you had done more to help elect your fellow DEM? Or was this your I told you so moment?
Since America already spends as much or more than any other country on education per capita, why are we pretending money is the solution.
Let's do something to help the college grads who are drowning in debt because of student loans!
You are the man!
Education is a privilege not a right
And guaranteed healthcare
How about decent paying jobs for people  with all types of education to go along with that?
We do. K-12 is all a person needs from their state. We can figure out the rest as adults.
Bernie for Global Predictor
Sing that loud and clear,Sen.Sander's. R all American's listening? They should be,if not it's a loss for them!

@realDonaldTrump Humble: having or showing a modest or low estimate of one's importance. 
Are you still talking? Seriously?
Amen to that!People who are better educated become more productive and informed citizens who make wiser decisions.
Some people will never be educated enough to understand the importance of quality higher education for all citizens improves society for all
Enough said!
Go Bernie!  Keep trying to tell people like it is!
Bernie, you must already have your tax credits lined up! Do you consider yourself a billionaire? We do, so does your statement apply to you?
You are a multimillionaire and paid 13% tax and you ate #bankfraudbernie Typical hypocrite politician telling others how to live. #BSBernie
Love Bernie!!!!!
I agree, however after lossing to Hillary I feel you did something to get aligned with establishment Dems, instead of like the rest us exit
One thing is obviously clear with this, there are a good amount of Americans who could really benefit from more education. It's essential.
God Bless you as you continue to fight for us.
Support HR2366- bill which will restore bankruptcy justice to student loans.
Why did U not fix that in 2009-2011?? Most of us white senior citizens whom grew up poor NEVER got help from govt for college. Hypocrisy
Yes please! Eliminating student debt this way would kick start the economy as well. Imagine what we could all invest in if we didn’t owe $$
Bernie, education & healthcare would make #MAGA for future generations. Trump Family & Friends creating more inequality for future.
#Resist
Senator. You need to outline what YOU are proposing.  It’s not enough to complain about the other guy. You’re going to lose in ‘18
Education is a business . So many educated no jobs available in those fields anymore..
Americans need education to compete in a global market, other countries are catching up and passing us as a superpower due to education
There's a reason H1B "foreigners" are taking jobs, their countries offer free college. Employers can't find talent here in their own country
I’m with you!

Finally an honest voice on tax stimulus! http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/10/09/kevin-hassett-spanks-the-tax-policy-center/ …
Free for everyone based on performance not income..
The education system you help create is horrible!
You use schools to recruit kids to follow lies & agendas.
I pray God deals with you!
And we get the candidates who will@deliver that—team play would have prevented this you big fraud
Making America Great is all about voting out hack politicians like you. This chicken in every pot thing is getting old.
Right on Senator Sanders 
Perfectly said
Yeah because everthing being Freeeeeeee will do wonders , what a senile old fool
And who will be paying for this free college?
Degrees are FREE at Scottish universities, some of the oldest in the World. You could have this for your children too. Simple. Pay more tax!
Why pay more tax?  It's going to be "free".
And health care they need
Oh man Bernie, I can tell you that the VAST amount of us Canadians knew that you were the only hope Americans had.
And the health care.  And the jobs.
Want "free" college? Make politicians pay income tax on all of their campaign contributions. Worth billions in tax revenue. Politician's tax
You want "free" college? Join the military and sign up for the GI Bill cowards
Making America great again gives tax cuts to job creators & middle class & raising taxes on Congress & making them pay for their Health care
After 12 years of State education, continue the lack of actual education.  Case in point: the total lack of understanding economics in this.
Oh shut up Bernie, you had a chance till you sold out to Hillary, now go to bed.
Uh-huh oh ok BERNIE YOU ONLY INCITE MURDER
@katrinkristiina @weareontoyou @turnermx @wherepond @jojokejohn @chelmex Who you kidding Trump. All you offer is war & mayhem.
This is so true
Amen!
A great country is one in which education and health care is provided to all regardless of position in life.
Sometimes I wonder if you aren’t actually an actor in some satirical drama playing a hoax on America-I can’t believe the things you say.
@GOP doesn't want American people to be educated. Educated people don't vote Republican. GOP likes their voters dumb & poor. Disgraceful.
I love you burn! Everything you stand and say, comes right out of the minds of me and every other American that wants  the correct change!
Really what kind of statement was that when did that
I meant what kind of a statement was that when Trump did that
Both ! How did obama improve in anyway Chicago and its crisis on education -.... dahhh stop talking the points and act the ACTs
YES!  Our horrible education system CREATED this mess!
Yawn
How about a flat tax for everyone? Seems pretty fair to me. I work hard, I earn more money, I pay more taxes, and I get to live on my profit
It's so crazy that's there's even such thing as a billionaire.
Let's also give everyone a free home. And a free car. And free phones. And free internet. And free food. And free insurance. And free money.
And free clothes. And free TV's. And free massages. And free yachts. And free szechuan sauce. And free Netflix. And free Amazon. Sounds good
Results.. less mass murder.
Bernie!!!!!!
Education not only affords individuals a better life, but also promotes a healthier humanity...and that makes America Great!
I’m with you Mr Sanders
Now i understand why he wants everyone educated. Level of intelligence in this country is pitiful
So why is Congress  allowing it . . I'm so disappointed in our government and those chosen to represent us . . . The us is also the problem
Preach
Yes
FREE! WEEEE! Omg. I love , I mean freakin LOVE, free shit.
The state of Tennessee is doing it already.  Lottery money is funding free college. Saying it can't be done has been debunked.
Bravo
Bernie you crazy ol man
If you take advantage of the 12 yrs you get free already the college will be free. Some people just shouldn't go to college.
We used to have free community colleges in Los Angeles. We should have them again. Other countries do.&apprentice&free trade tech colleges 2
You can't give everyone the education they need. You don't even know what they need.  You just want little Marxist drones to give you power.
Bernie buddy there's not alot of American's care what you think anymore so please stop wasting your time.
People without money can't buy things, thus businesses suffer. It becomes a vicious circle.
Bernie is correct
&affordable health insurance& more jobs @ decent wages &protecting our fragile environment from...well anyone bent on destroying it.
Release your income taxes you cowardly fraud #DirtyBernie
Does that mean you'll support conservatives for school voucher programs? Or do you not care about underprivileged families?
Support hr2366! If you are going to make college free restore bankruptcy to private and federal loans!!!
You used to say the millionaires and billionaires you don’t say that now that your one of the millionaires paying 13% tax rate
Yep, and all we care about are the billionaires.
Drain the swamp with term limits and you first
You've been in politics for 40 years and haven't done FUC& go away old man
Agree! Free College and University to all USA citizens! Wake up USA!
It's so nice of Bernie to pay for everyone to go to college. I should ask him to pay for me too!!!
when are you going to actually flex your power rather than remaining an important opposition party?

Yeah, make sure everybody gets the INDOCTRINATION they need!
You notice Bernie the only one complaining are the ones of privilege or the overworked just like me and my husband not sure why they are
You want to hold up giving tax cuts to the Working Poor because you think less than .0001 may benefit from tax cuts. Your fired Bernie
And how do you pay for it? #giveyourwealthaway
Bernie! People are under water and starving - nobody cares! This is NOT the issue of the day!
Free healthcare is a human right, in a democracy. Sweden has it, the United States should have it for everyone.
It is a good thing you arent in charge
Stop peddling nonsense... you should be old enough to know better #dumbagenda
America has a lot to solve before becoming "greatest". Watch Sweden and learn.
Lots of luck with that. Donald likes his base dumb as bricks!
Yes. You are right Mr Bernie Sanders
Hear here!!
Go Bernie love ya
A neglected educational system is partly to blame for 11/9 you are going to be held accountable @GOP. #2018

So get the government out of it.
The government is the LAST place to trust with education. Are you all BLIND!
Maybe a republican government, sure.
And how ya gonna pay for free college?  There aren’t enough rich people to pay for it, Socialist Bernie.. What’s your play to pay for it??
America is going to be destroyed...its in the bible...
Bernie, Bernie, thanks. Please stay with what's happening. Plenty time to campaign again.
Amen
STOP spending MY MONEY on your SOCIALIST Agenda. Nothing positive ever comes out of your mouth BERNARD. SIT DOWN AND MUFFLE IT COMMRAD
You're right, Bernie. It's about making sure everyone gets an education for jobs that do not exist. Tax cuts should apply to everyone.
Keep fighting for the people Bernie. The @$$holes that would rather give their tax $ to the rich can do so if they please.
Handing out degrees for free like candy makes them less valuable, but that is what you want, for everyone to depend on government.
Marxist crackpot
LIKE YOU DID IN CU AND BECOME A COMMY
You Americans please vote for senator saunders as your next president of the USA
Just stop, just stop... the more you tweet the more you sound disconnect with reality
This hits me hard right now.  I have to choose between beating a disease or continuing school trying to beat it. Cost $ either way.
agree on need for education  I suggest a more practical alternative- 2yr JUCOs free where folks can either take 4yr BS prep or trade skills
Tell your communist friends to teach for free.
How does a government that has no money - other than what it takes from its productive citizens - pay for college tuitions? Asking for a friend.
