We need to push for single payer health insurance.
We have that. It's called the VA. and people die waiting for help every day.
Poorly implemented. That doesn't mean it can't work.
Everything the government touches is poorly implemented. Why would this be different? Obamacare made premiums go up 140%!
Maybe because some countries have properly implemented it and it is working well? OCare if far from single payer.
Not working well. Ask the ppl on Universal HC in UK. Waiting months for surgeries because their system bogged down w/ Islamic refugees
Waiting for months is preferable to not having any at all.
I also said some countries have similar systems properly implemented, look at Australia.
Show me Bern..where has any woman lost her 'right' to ER healthcare? Planned Parenthood, plans nothing but how to kill the unborn!..WTFrongU
No 3% of their services are abortion. Actually go and research what they do before talking out of your ass
That's 3% that needs to stop....Whatever else they do is fine.
No it doesn't. Unwanted births will cause more hardship
I AM ALL FOR YOU LIBERALS NOT BREEDING....
Then allow abortion bub
I have no control sport. Neither do you....
Uh you can show support for abortion rights and planned parenthood to help stop unwanted pregnancy and births
Some of us don't want our tax dollars used for abortions.  Sell one of your 3 houses and donate if you want.
The Hyde Amendment bans federal funding of abortions.  Trumpcare would stop women from getting Pap smears at Planned Parenthood.
Planned Parenthood doesn't provide a line item of how it spends our federal money.  If they did, conversation over, and money gone.
Actually it does. Because as mentioned before, federal money cannot be used for abortions anyway so there are many regulations on them
PP doesn't have to provide a line by line item of how they spend their money.  End game.
Must be another Trump bot  
After that comment, how will I ever sleep tonight.  #Weak
Cut all funding to Planned Parenthood
I have a problem with abortion mills...
Abortions at planned parenthood only account for 2% of whats done there and they are not funded by taxpayer money. See: Hyde amendment
Anyone who's taken Accounting 101 knows that accounting can play a shell game with those "non-abortion" $ so it's still supporting abortion.
Why dont you explain to all of us how thats done, since you are such an expert. Oh! And provide some evidence. Thanks
Message to any Dem willing to listen:   https://twitter.com/MarcusDana/status/884913561742565376 … If you care  about progress, try listening 2 the other side for a change.
Seriously, though, Dems have been trying to bring socialism into this  country to erode all our Constitutional freedoms, and since that's a
Don't be naive.  Do you really believe @PPFA doesn't divert money from other programs to fund the profitable killing of children?
Planned Parenthood is a baby chop shop.
No
Yes.
They dont kill babies and sell baby parts the sting video was edited and completely falsified

No they are heavily edited they are a lie
No. Thanks for the laugh.
Wow they have been proven to be heavily edited you along with the rest of conservatives who believe it are in denial
Bad tweet. Cutting PP has nothing to do with "women's rights". Does cutting PP somehow overturn Roe? Someone get this clown some pudding.
It does if they keep funding pregnancy crisis centers while cutting out actual health centers like PP
Reducing government funding does not affect "rights". Women still have the right to do as they please, govt has the right not to pay for it.
Okay, then stop funding crisis centers as if they were real medical facilities.
So u support killing babies? I am blessed that u were not in office when I was born!
3% of their services are abortion. Go research what they do before talking out of your ass
Fetuses aren't people
They don't have consciousness self awareness or intelligence
If it's truly about women's health then be it about women's health. Not abortion. I am pro choice but taxes shouldn't pay for abortions
I Don't Trust Planned Parenthood or What Ever They are,!,?. Organs, Tissues Collectors,,!. They need to just pass out Condoms & Information.
I concur
Even though a Texas court found that story to be false?
It mite of been false in Texass, BUT It's not in a lot of other placesss$,.. And The Don J. PRESIDENT Trump is working on a lot of things!
PP is not h/c nor a right.  But tell me about the disabled folks your wife tried to evict back in Burlington.  Tell me about their rights
Why should people not have access to affordable health care and family planning services?
BTW I didn't vote for the guy. But it's your fault he's in office! You don't know how to live in reality. And you pushed ppl to hit back.
Educate yourself on all the services they provide.
The majority of their service output is abortion. Nice try though.
Nice try. 3% of total services are abortions and none from federal money.
Wrong. PP commits 30 % of America's Abortions. 887 Abortions a day. It performed less than 2% of women's cancer screenings by contrast
80% of services are contraception services...for the poor...seems like any sane intelligent person would be for that.
"seems like any sane intelligent decent good hearted kind platitude platitude platitude person would agree with MY platitudes!!!"
Hired assassins of innocents in the womb.
gut that baby parts factory, and the tax money going overseas for abortions to minorities. Woman who started PPH was a racist.
Abortion on pp must be permanently removed it destroys God's creation and plan for the unborn
Lol god... Hahaha... Good one.
President Trump wants us to go backwards to the 1950s. I think we should just get a big time machine and send him back.
President represents millions & millions of voters. We want a safe, sane country where citizens are valued.
If they defund PP, they're gonna have one pissed off bitch on their hands.
We need to move forward on women's rights & put ratification of #Equal Rights Amend front & center  Women have never had equal rights in US
Name one service they offer that obamacare dosent
Cuts to planned parenthood if they continue to kill unborn babies.  I encourage planned parenthood to help with actual health issues
@PPact @PPMarMonte
It's time to stand up for humanity and stand against the lefts culture of death. No Federal money for Planned Parenthood.
Planned Parenthood does not need any more of my money through the tax code
Women can get Healthcare in plenty of other places Planned Parenthood can take insurance cards cash or check just like any other Clinic
Planned Parenthood is a private fundraising organization they can pay their own bills
#babykiller #thief #loser
The #FDA does not protect #women from harmful medical devices, will U? #HR2164 #Essure #EssureProblems
Not unless there's money for him
To bad, the only thing that PP does is abortion and they should be outlawed....
3% of services are abortion. Maybe go research what they do before talking out of your ass
Ugh #ban #essure !
Bernie supports murder!!
What about the rights of babies?  PP is and infanticide factory.
So you care about woman's rights, just not the 1,500 female babies PP aborts everyday 
Why do you need Planned Parenthood if you have mandatory health care?
Yah, selling black baby parts is a great humane practice isn't it?
Thank God your not the majority.
Baby killer!
Absolutely no cuts to planned parenthood. We need to educate Americans on their fabulous work for women.
Making America Great Again starts with taking away a woman's right to decide what happens in her own body.  We can not allow that to happen!
They've got Obamacare.   I am a woman and have never felt cheated!
What happen to Russia investigation? Conflict of interest?
Thank you Bernie
Would disabled folks be among "thousands dying" if evicted from campus residence like your honest spouse supported? @GOP @FoxNation @CNN @AP
womens healthcare and womens rights nothing 2 do with killing and selling baby parts.  Sad that this is the man that they wanted to lead US
Another big lie.  Do you ever tell the truth?
Keep telling yourself the lie that women get their health care from Planned Parenthood. So disingenuous that we can't even vote for you
It is a woman's choice to have an abortion, not the society. Protect the women's right for abortion. But the society needs not pay for it
So which is it? Are we going backward or keeping PP? You can't have it both ways at one time. Morality or relevatism?

Sellout FAKE Socialist Sanders paid $500K to teach WOODWORKING @ wife's college. Wonder why it went Bankrupt? https://twitter.com/jessiejaneduff/status/881285958364278784 … 
Is Planned Parenthood a government agency/entity now? Just trying to figure out the Prog/Lib playbook this week.
There more services (pre-natal care, contraceptives, pelvic exams) other than abortions. Many abortions can be done by private physicians.
The fact that the Democrats donate MILLIONS of those tax dollars to Democrats is obviously lost to you
Oh, thank God that women can still murder their babies !  With the Govt. blessing !
#FUD
He has nothing to worry about is all pay for
Did you tweet this from your $180000 car?
He doesn't have a sportscar that has been debunked
WOW! Bernie will keep the baby body parts sale going.BARBARIC!
But don't worry I will still fight while my wife and are are in jail with Kirmit Gosnell  he knows how to make money selling baby parts
Sure! Lets keep Plan ParientHood
@cberrl the misogynist all the sudden cares for women health gtfo
PP has nothing to do with w/o.end health...clinics and hospitals provide that.PP is a murdering factory...period!
If u think what u spinless vigilantes
have done to justify taking my privacy + personal space isn't something I'm capable of slamming WRONG
Why should my tax dollars pay for someone's abortion?
abortion is murder.  but you and your k,ind have always advocated the murder of others for political gain
And this is why you suck. Freedom for all prople except the unborn human lives. What a joke. So sad.
If not for plan parenthood. The Black population would be 37% That's why they are in urban areas
Why do you want to continue killing babies?  That's wrong.
No cuts to birth control! We should give people funding for NOT having children under 21
and it should not receive ANY taxpayer monies
This is a problem. Abortion is not health care. It is a legal right, Roe v. Wade, but not health care. Planned Parenthood is a scheme
Go ahead and preach this to your fellow senators who seem to have no sense at all!They need to listen to the people that voted for them!
FRAUD
Women's right is for me to pay for a 2K IUD when a 20 cent condom does the same thing AND helps reduce STD spread.  It's NOT a RIGHT.
We've had Obamacare with mandatory minimums in plans.  Why do we need PP to provide the same services?  Abortion mill?
Fk planned parenthood, baby murderers and fk u for supporting them!
Just watch
I can not take anything you say seriously.  You sold out to the Clintons after they cheated and bribed you out of the election. #puppet
In all our advancements in the USA, we can't afford to go backward on anything for any reason, unless you want to be in a global dark-age.
Why keep funding Women that keep having abortions, and not just sterilize them?
The blood of over 7 millions babies is on your hands! You are one of the biggest hypocrites in this country.  #Hypocrite #AbortionIsMurder
Why are we giving them money in the first place???
Bernie put your money into helping planned parenthood, just do it and leave us alone
A lot of men having a lot to say about women's rights. And everyone of them seems to know a lot about the federal budget. #trumpminions
Thanks, guy
How much are they paying you to tweet that?
And yet you forget how screwed up the VA is and how much it costs for public healthcare.
Too late Bernie. When you slunk away after Debbie Wasserman Shultz grabbed you by the curlies instead of standing up to her you lost all fac
We need to stop the socioeconomic war on women!
wE’Re nOt gOiNg bAcKwArDs oN WoMeN’S HeAlTh cArE AnD WoMeN’S RiGhTs. No cUtS To pLaNnEd pArEnThOoD.
It's not a right if it has to take another's right to survive. Rights don't have victims. Abortions kill.
There are more nonPP clinics than PP clinics in the US. Let's send the money to them instead
Thank you Senator Sanders! Let's take the time to get the facts out re: how many people they provide HIV testing for every year!
Don't let up! Level the playing field
preach dad 
But laws only apply when they further your personal progressive agenda, right Senator?
Planned Parenthood minus abortion is fine.  Funding abortion and fetus organ harvesting isn't too many - and is in fact illegal.
Trump does not care about women- @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Too late in Missouri and Iowa!
The trouble with liberal spending programs.  It's much easier to refrain from spending than to cut spending once you've started.
Why are there tax breaks for the rich attached to the bill, they need less tax breaks, leave Medicaid alone.
That's queer;I thought he didn't even win the Democratic nomination against crooked Clinton's;let alone win the grand prize that Trump took.
Cut planned parenthood from all taxpayer subsidies.  I don't want to pay for anyone to murder a child.
Berne sanders is a communist  wake up Christians. He is part of the  satanic order
That's the biggest joke yet bankfraudbernie
That's right you liberals love killing unborn children off. And you think the other half of the country should pay for it.
So why do u like "murdering" babies, Bernie? Does it make you sleep better?
Cut Planned parenthood!!! You agree with selling baby body parts?
@deuce baristas everywhere are swooning

If you really care about the Democratic party. Share your Voter info. Until then, you are using Democrats.
Why does it not surprise me that Bernie wants the govt to fund PP? This is an organization which murders unborn children.
men who vote yes on any cut should put their balls where their mouth is an do a vasectomy since they wanna take it out on women
Yeah you don't want to mess with the democrats cash machine. 1.5 million in profits last year and they still need money from the tax payers.
PREACH IT BERNIE
Yes Bernie! I am tired of funding stupid people who can't use free birth control so they kill a baby instead. You pay for them!
Since when was getting an abortion a right?
Planned parenthood should seek outside funding. No fed funds should ever go to PPH
Thank you for standing up for us.
what about you and your wife evicting disabled people?
No taxpayer funding of planned parenthood.
Yes but your wife is going forward with the missing millions
trump is  unstable has been 4a very long time  now is out in open he needs 2 resign or be impeached and get help. #AGAINST WOMEN & RACIST 
You mean no cutting an unborn baby
Women can go to a regular OB/GYN for paps and such. Ergo, PP is not really required for those items. Want an abortion? Pay for it yourself.
Remibd us how mich you personally donated to PP
Tax $ shouldn't be used 4 Abortions!  Planned Parenthood is not health care, but a baby killing field. Partial Birth Abortions?
Umm. You are in the MINORITY now.... Sit back and watch what the majority decides for u
Less 5% of "Unplanned Parenthood" locations provide any real health services. Taxpayers SHOULD NOT be paying for Abortions!
What tactics are working?
We ARE sliding back
Iowa stopped. Clinics closed. 
What if you where an abortion?
You mean "Unplanned Parenthood"
You don't have a choice dude.
Planned Parenthood has nothing to do with women's rights, admit you are for murdering babies
No funding for Abortion baby murder!
Well MAYBE if PP didn't donate $900K a shot to losing campaign funds, they wouldn't need govt. funding to kill babies...
Of course not,  PP sends large chunks of $ at Dems come election time.  Nice little money laundering operation you have there Bernie.
See you in court Bunky

ALSO abortions are only a small fraction of what Planned Parenthood offers. Do your research before you get bossy with your tax dollars.
Even if you take away woman's rights to have abortions, we're still gonna get them. So might as well suck it up and support our choices.
Yea lets kill millions of babies every year!
You mean planned abortion unparenthood/it's not womens health care/you don't care/it's all about pandering to your base
With easy access to the Pill, the morning after pill, condoms, sterilization, the Patch and adoption, WHY is abortion a top choice?
Bernie Sanders- Yes we should! Planned Parenthood donates millions to Democrats to get elected!! How much did you get @SenSanders !! 
They can get a bank loan - your wife can help with the paperwork
Did you throw in the bill a woman's right to commit bank fraud? Like your wife!
@HuffPost @politico So, you must support slaughter of the unborn.  Plenty of other choices for women's healthcare providers.,
Bernie needs to spend some time checking how his plan is working out for the kids in Venezuela.
Jean - grow up there is no such thing
Planned parenthood is not Woman's Healthcare. It's a poorly regulated abortion provider. Stop deceiving people
Don't you have money to launder
Need to get the message out to rural America. DNC should be televising ads!
Your ignorance kills millions of babies every year.
If u care so much then have separate abortion diet biz from healthcare.
says another man from the security of his ivory tower.
Nice to know Bernie  still endorsement  of partial birth abortion funded Forcibly by tax payers
I'll say it again - with every bill to cut PP, there should be a clause that women get to choose if the father gets a tattoo on his face.
Yes we are
You don't give a sh#t about babies' life's though, do ya?!

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
We should support Planned Parenthood so they can join forces with the insurance & drug cartels to sabotage single payer like they did in CA.
It costs more money to have a child on the system than it does to get an abortion... just sayin
