Of course, every demagogue's promise is simplistic as fuck, ignoring economic to appease the likes of deluded folks, nothing new about that.
Why can't it work in a large country?
Terrence every developed nation in the world (other than U.S.)has universal health care. Is UK communist? Or a small group? France? Germany?
Is it your understanding that populous countries cannot achieve universal health care? And countries that have very large military budgets?
OK. Let's talk about that. 

"Single payer fails economically at Federal level" - where does that thinking come from?
@SenWarren & @SenSanders need to be the VP & Pres of the USA in 2020.

#MedicareForAll sounds amazing. How do convince a @GOP-controlled Congress to raise the necessary taxes or reallocate funds?
You don't. Stay out of my healthcare.
Yes please!
Yes please, and lets also add 25% sales tax and 40% income tax.  Then we can be just like Europe.
https://youtu.be/vOUIhxJ2j1c 
The cost for no one going broke is a system where you take your life in your hands every time you get treated.
Man, she is dumb. No one goes broke? Yes, they do, Babe. Yes, they do.
I swear it works really well here in Canada.
How will it work? Who will pay for it? Bloated insurance and drug companies?
Why Won't @SenBobCasey ("D" #PA.) Sign On To #SinglePayer?...

(hint, hint, he's in the pocket of #Insurance & #pharma $$$ )
https://www.sanders.senate.gov/download/options-to-finance-medicare-for-all?inline=file …
this is link for Sanders financial planning on the national healthcare system 
"OPTIONS TO FINANCE MEDICARE FOR ALL"
Because #single payer sounds better than #every worker pays for 5 more people's healthcare 
Are you sure about the math there? You think only 1 in 6 americans work?
1 for 6 or 1 for 3-small difference. Workers will have to provide healthcare to those too young, too old, too sick, &too entitled to work.
Still better than throwing insane amounts of money at insurance companies who have no incentive to actually pay for your care.
Title painting: neoliberalism and compassion
Pharma, insurance companies won't make as much money as now, but they'll still be in business. This is win-win.
I.. can't tell if it's a joke. I would be glad for this to move forward, but it's NOT simple, and very likely not affordable, not easily.
VA is government run healthcare and it's broken as hell. I'll pass.
Now just give us the math 
Lol - simple? And how is it paid for? More BS from Dems.
Lies! Two knees broken on the job fighting fire. As a gov employee. Two different folks handling each knee. Nobody talks to each other. Pray
Haha!  The US government is broke. $20 TRILLION.
I call bs ACA those in non federally recognized tribes need to prove "Indian enough" violates title 6 of CR act you need to be prosecuted
At 30 +TRILLION DOLLARS America goes broke. Who is going to PAY, Why you the taxpayers. They want this for the whole world Socialism period
No.  There are all kinds of problems.  What color would the pamphlets be?  Would it pay for operations done on wenesdays, jello?
-
Who pays for all this care? We do with HIGH taxes, check with your Canadian friends who pay 40%+ in taxes.
ObamaCare, its high costs and insurers dictating patient care vs Federal Government dictating everything.

You've lost your bloody minds.
@_ryanbowman_ look at that smile
bernie is so proud
Who's the crazed woman in blue. Scary
@SenWarren grew up poor and ended up teaching bankruptcy law at Harvard.  She knows of what she speaks.
Impossible
Except the United states..... NO ONE ever has the right to a free RIDE!. If they can afford smokes they can get own Health care!
RoseAnn, you are a major heroine of ours. Can you please help us understand why in the world @NancyPelosi opposes #MedicareForAll? ? ? ?  ?
I love seeing Bernie smiling while bringing his hopes and dreams for America to fruition. Go Bernie go!
Wouldn't universal basic income be even better? No one would be homeless, less need for a doctor. People could get help sooner
No one PAYS or no deal
In what world?
If its across the board service including gov, Politicians then I'm for it! If not get the f... out of here with it! Pushing it is communism
The more control you give to the government to manger your life the less control you end up with. This program will not be deficit neutral.
To those today that said Make the ACA better & threw in other CODE WORDS Affordable and Access MEDICARE FOR ALL MEANS HEALTHCARE
No one goes broke, unless you count people who lose their jobs bc the govt can't afford to fund this without raising taxes on businesses.
YESSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!
Maybe @SenWarren can put together a slide show for @SenFeinstein & @SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi to inform them what they won't support?
And only a few get care just like the VA.  Why does Bernie and SenWarren not have if so great?
This is what a picture of ignorance looks like!!!
Get on your Ponies and drive #MedicareForAll home to all your senators! We got this! Worth fighting for...stay United!
His will cause the collaps of medicare, socialism is the goal
1/ You mean democratic socialism and we already live in a democratic socialist society. Police, fire, roads, USPS, public schools, etc etc
Turncoat @SenWarren who endorsed #WhatHappened!
Who pays for this ?  The whole country goes broke.  Elizabeth Warren is wealthy and will always go to the front of the line.
Explai nto me how the country would "go broke" ? We have this in France since long ago, why not in the richest country in the world ?
Because it reminds those types of the world's most deadliest word: Socialism! They throw the word around about EVERYTHING 
Ok so first : no correlation, then, socialism is recognized as the best thing that ever occurred in my country modern times.
@SenSanders winning smile is godlike.
Sanders looks like a proud parent
Except America. It goes broke.
who's paying for it?
Same people who are paying for ACA now when less are insured
No it's not that simple for serious policymakers of good faith. What are the tax implications? What are the economic impacts? #Demagoguery
Rationing
@SenSanders @SenWarren it's like what we do for Wall Street, only it's healthcare
Have you ever worked for a company that did not compete ?  A bloody mess.
yes, I worked for a defense contractor for 5 years
I'll listen to her....he's got to go
Gfys
Great photo.
At what cost to the taxpayers.....could it be that Americans see this entitlement cost them nothing....no one is talking dollars...
Funding options: https://www.sanders.senate.gov/download/options-to-finance-medicare-for-all?inline=file …
