Is this your code for your followers to shoot more republicans? Do you assign different shooters or just locations?
ALL BOTS ARE TERRORISTS
You're a TrumpBot (and a Trumpflake). So you're a terrorist?
It took me a second to find your picture...look..your a Captain....of what I have no idea
You're a funny guy. A douche, but a funny guy, nonetheless. You should do some stand up... if you still got your legs, Lt. Dan.
Keep trying Bernie loser...lost the primary, lost the election, lost daddy when he found you sleeping with mom...u just keep losing
IT IS A GREAT THING THAT MR SCALISE WILL NOT HAVE A TON OF BILLS WAITING FOR HIM ONCE HEALED, HE HAS A GOOD HEALTH INS POLICY! ALL DESERVE!
So does BS. Now when is BS giving up his health care?
Bernie is advocating for everyone to be covered by the government as a right
The problem is that WE THE TAXPAYERS fund Bernies health care. And we don't even want to do that, for life. Gov't health care is NOT free.
What worse the ultra right conservative  1/10th of 1% wealthiest who spend no energy getting Huge  tax cuts on the backs of wage earners
What's worse are the 1/2 of 1% of Muslims who believe in radical Islam. 10s of millions who want to lop ur head off. ObamaCare no cure.
Oh right, I forgot about that speech where Obama declared that his Romney-inspired healthcare bill would cure terrorism around the world
And Obama was never "inspired" by Romney. ACA was designed to bring down the insurance industry as a prelude to single payer universal HC
They need to justify all the money that was accepted by their campaigns, which was a lot. Take care of your voters not your bribers. Thanks!
Like KILLARY? ?????
You realized she lost and she's not a thing anymore, right? Move on, broski. We have more important things to deal with now, like Healthcare
If she wasn't a thing why was she at a college calling for a revolution and still isn't indicated for acts of criminal activity
Because your Republicans tried their best to find ANYTHING prosecutable and couldn't. Time to let it go, concentrate on the here and now
Go away, egg. You're not even brave enough to post a picture. Clinton foundation, Benghazi, Seth rich murder.
Is it relevant to policies today? Will it change anything in Washington as it pertains to Drumpf? Has she been found guilty of anything!?
It will change the scenery where she belongs That's what makes a diff. If you or I committed such crimes, we'd be in jail now n not later
Mitch McConnell needs to GO!!!
Government CAN provide a "safety-net" to protect the uninsured. That is what we have now in Medicaid.
It is difficult to get Medicaid unless you're a pregnant woman. It is not really the safety net that people think it is.
Can you explain how 30 million were thrown off because they couldn't afford the premiums, deductible & was forced to pay the mandate?
Bernie, just because you are enrolled in ObamaCare don't mean your covered. Don't have $7000 co-pay, you're right back at ER, like b4 OCare
#wehaveabill will change this! Say NO to a National mandatory program, say NO to Obamacare, say NO to the GOP plan we need #repealandreplace
Thank you for representing and protecting the working class!
The bern - you may B Jewish but your core values and life are true 2 the letter of  all 4 gospels! despite some Christians who try 2stop u
millions already can't afford Obamacare and almost every insurer in Ohio is dropping it
Obamatax
#Obamacare threw millions off #health insurance -*sigh*
And yet insured far more than it threw off. Net positive. Not perfect, but a step in the right direction.
No1 said tht ACA was the answer but it's far better than the Republican BS
Actually, the ACA, being a individual mandate system, was originally created by the GOP, it was the right wings competitor to single payer
It was so GOP that Obama rushed executive order and wouldn't allow GOP to see it unless they passed it first? 
It was created by Richard Nixon and praised by the heritage foundation. But now that obama supported it, the GOP hates it
If it's so good why are so many companies dropping out of it and the premiums are sky rocketing?
Also, it's on the ACA to set prices and costs in the industry. That clause was taken out along with the public option.
I am willing to contribute $ 2 candidacy of any Senator that will stand up 4 health care and work on a bipartisan basis to make health good!
Bernie be encouraged..we know you will be in the oval office in 20 ..dont ever say u can't! Yes you can!! Yes you can !! Young people ♡u
Why are you so opposed to a bill you haven't even seen Bernie?Could it be no matter what it is you'll obstruct? Quit playing party politics!
What a narrative bernie-first you act like obamacare solved all health ins problems-that is a big fat no-second when payoffs are found-jail
Affordable Care Act had way better ratings, this new we dont care act only benefits the rich and have actual death panels lol.
Nonsense, it's still ACA and it's falling down all around you!  You are clueless.
If you can't explain to me how your going to pay for my college then don't give me false hope
It's easy, YOU PAY FOR IT
Hahahaha I know, I'm against gov paying for college
Then don't take out student loans because they are funded by the govt. Refuse all grant $ because, oh yeah, it too is funded by the govt.
Sorry for it being a little late, I'm not using student loans to pay for college, I'm paying for it with money that is saved up
Why is healthcare universal and very affordable in France?
And many other countries? 
What prevents US from having same?
@GOP?
@CIA?
Especially if your supporters keep shooting people. They will need healthcare.
Hopefully BS has a follower like Gandhi did
I don't understand, how should I respond?
You mean make people responsible for their own healthcare?
EXACTLY,  but socialist want others to foot their bill
Bernie wants to cut out the greedy middleman. You enjoy paying Insurance Co. CEO multi million salarys?
I'd rather pay entrepreneurs than govt bureaucrats
Oh entreprenuers is what u call them? That's hilarious! Now I'll agree abt bureaucrats but at least we do get 2 choose them. Choose wisely?


BEST thing that the U.S. Congress can do with respect to health insurance is to hand it back over to the states. That is where it belongs.
Less populated states will get poor coverage. Your idea of letting individual states handle HC will not work. Medicare is a good insurance.
Define "healthcare" what does it mean to you? Is a toothbrush health care, is a free clinic visit heathcare, is shampoo healthcare?
Good point...once it starts...entitlement...there is no end to it just as there is no utopia or one size fits all.
Well what's your plan then Bernie come up with something instead of complaining
He's literally been advocating for single payer since I was born.
When was that yesterday
It was in his platform. You should have read it.
Weather you like it or not you have to compromise I even have to compromise with my wife you don't get everything you want #LIFE
I'm an RN. Doesn't sound like you've been diagnosed with a catastrophic illness while uninsured. Devastating. You'd change your position.
No I haven't change anything and. If your an RN you would hate drugs and want to build the wall
& they wonder "Why all the Anger
And the shooting......
Any political party who pushes unpopular policies at a 25% approval can be subjected to angry gun toting constituents & citizens it affects
Then they should listen to the people instead of hiding otherwise senseless tragedies can occur
It is funny Bernie again liberals crying but offer nothing to help but complaints and no true solutions unless you are able to get credit
Bernie sanders has a single payer bill that's been proposed multiple times. Not his fault politicians are bought by big pharma.
They're crooks and up to no good, having their insurance lobbyists friends and wealthy donors write the legislation in secret!
Tell us how many lost their health care under Obumbler Care.
Again, you guys caused this mess. Now you want us to hire you to fix it???
Guys, the original version sucks just as bad as the GOP version. Whose garbage stinks the least?
ok and if democrats cant produce proof against Trump they need to give it up and try doing your job and work for us, the people
Shame on Repuplicans
Lets pass it, to see whats in it.
Becuase universal healthcare is delusional  uptopian for this country
Agree with you !!!
DEMS Made this mess!
Republicans aren't throwing them off health care, it's the insurance companies  and you people have done nothing to help!
...because they don't give two shits about the people of this country! It's all about how much they can stuff in their pockets.
They took an oath to serve the American people, but truth is they serve their contributors. I'd like to see one six-year term for all reps.
Can you explain why O'Care is CURRENTLY throwing even more off Healthcare right now?  SUPPORT YOUR @POTUS  You lost, HE WON!
Love you Bernie!
More hate speech brought to you by Bernie Sanders.
you need to add your American marbles, with 53 stars to this bill, and no phony explanation about people without money don't count!
Like you really give a shit about the little guy Bernie! Just as long as you got yours,you couldn't give a rats ass!
Maybe if you & some of you fat cats take a salary cut everyone could get coverage!
Government need to get their paws out of healthcare!
Just the fact that a bill will do away with the TERRIBLE ObamaCare thats enough to love the bill.
Bernie were trying to get by your propaganda to @MAGA not the same old status quo that fills your piggy bank,,takes money from HRC.
I find it amazing they keep saying they ask for Dems help yet closed and locked them out and quite a few bragged they didn't want Dems help
Which Dems would actually join with any GOP action?  NONE, ZIPPO, ZILCH!  They'd get voted off the island. Guilt by association. Obviously!!
Right now a small group of small men are deciding whether or not you and your family are worthy of receiving healthcare.
i want my insurance back the way it was before failed obamacare
Bernie you know that's a big lie!  Bernie, the man that promoted HATE & RAGE, DIVISION & SEGRATION.
Tens of millions are already off healthcare because Democrats spiked prices and dropped coverage with their policies.
Simple. When did it become the governments job to provide health care insurance
DEMOCRATS need to ignore this arrogant  old feller.
Yea, right. Talk and talk and more talk. Bloviating  Bernie.
You are a #communist #traitor and deserve #execution
But the sad thing is they can explain it. The deficit is more important than people's lives!
State govts ought to provide medical care to those who need care, stop making health a commodity. Less federal tax, more state services.
Stop forcing people to pay ridiculous insurance which makes medical care more expensive than it ought to be & lines pockets of ultra rich.
They really are on thin ice. Unprecedented
McConnell, what else do you do behind closed doors? You slither around like a snake waiting to strike. How do you and Ryan sleep at night?
What does your comment have to do with this topic?
Lets start with this and let's make a awesome health insurance system for the humans  together we can create anything 
Such a politician
"Throw millions off health insurance" there you go again Bernie, twisted, hate filled hyperbole that inflames your crazies like Hodgkinson
@maddow #NoToTrumpCare #YesToObamaCare America needs health care for all #NoLies #CountryBeforeParty #NoOneIsAboveTheLaw #Justice #Truth
I guess we have to pass it to see what's in it. #LOL #MAGA #Karma #Irony #OneGoodTurn
Commie pig
Cunt
They will get thrown off if they do nothing - try peddling some truth with all your mendacity.
Nobody is getting thrown off!   #hyperbole much?  @GOP is removing the #mandate.  Get over yourself!
Why shouldn't every person have a right to healthcare? It's about what you believe is right, not who is entitled and who is not. #Humanity
Are you defining everyone by who pays for it or who doesn't?  I don't earn a lot, but I pay. How many people am I or others paying for?
That's right, everyone. #humanity
Do you feel the Burn comrade  Bernie
Did you ask for explanations for the millions who were thrown off health care by Obysmalcare? I don't recall any speeches from you then.
The republicans aren't doing anything to improve healthcare.  They're cutting taxes for the rich and powerful.  That seems to they're job
Have you actually listened?
That's not what the Republicans are doing. So we won't be giving up. We need to help those the ACA has hurt financially so badly.
Nothing but homilies from the 
GOP
Resist rise above,humanity firstand wealthy last,we must overcome these insensitiveGOPmembers remember god sees all so don't hide behind him
It's genocide!
Socialized medicine doesn't work!  Just ask people in Canada, Germany, and Britain!  When will you commies ever learn?
Dude if you hve HALF A BRAIN you know damn well that garbage O'Care was self destructing. Bc SOCIALISM CANNOT coexist w capitalism!! Go away
I voted for Hillary  and I realized I backed the wrong horse, now we ended up with a jackass.
How many times did we ask about Obamacare? Democrats said "We'll pass first! YOU went along with that and helped ram it down our throats!
With all due respect dear brother, the Democratic Party is just as greedy and corrupt as the GOP. Does your Senate Bill have all Dems. Yet?
The answer is: 1.) General Strike; 2.)Commandeer MSM broadcasting studios; 3.) Revolution. The billionaire class will never be fair with us!
I remember hearing Pelosi saying 2 congress, No time 2 read, read it after U sign it?  That was Obamacare?  Bothe sides play close to chest
and need to be voted out
Then why In the hell don't you Dems come up with something better and quit blaming trump for your bullshit? There an idea....
Make the world a safer place for unsightly jowells?
If we would get all the scumbags off welfare everybody can have free medical and it would be the best medical ever
These privileged OLD white men are beyond belief! #resist
EXPLAINATION IS SO SIMPLE!!
rePUSlicans HATE paying for the healthcare or welfare of others!
Mememememe!!
We're w/, u bernie.We ALL must get involved in the political process. Now is NOT the time 2throw our hands up.Politely call reps,town halls
The ACA gave one group of people ins at the expense of another group of people. Government does not get to decide who gets and who doesn't.
at least have the decency to show the country what you're doing to us!
Did you ask Obama to explain it when his ACA did the same thing?
How about you explain how your rhetoric got several Republicans shot by one of your cult followers!
Pretty clear answers from those folks. Haha
Who needs education when you can have responses like these and be in power
You need to give it up Obama care is a disaster and instead of finding a solution you just do resistance and lying
They need to give up their seats, they do not represent average working Americans.
It should have been undo everything OBama did cause only I know how to fix everything!!! At this point 45 is more of a joke then ever. END
The have takin money away from programs needed to help ACA work and are "shocked" that it's failing. 45's slogan shouldn't have been MAGA 2/
Good article! It's funny when GOP talks about how ACA is they always leave out how 45 and his boys are the reasons it's failing. 1/
Week end with Bernie, Bone Bone Bone, hiding your distructionism  in plain sight helped hide Bernie, so the party was ON !!Dude.
That bill is the death ship they will ride over the cliff. Blow back will be brutal. DT core will be hurt the worst. #ImpeachTrump
It is easy to throw rocks. Why not discuss the plan and ask to be part of the solution for a change.
What else should be done to a broken health care system. People will soon have nothing. Or can pay 100 /month with a crazy deductible.
And Bernie can't explain why he's calling for violence against republicans. Is he against AMERICA FIRST??
If becoming wealthy means you lose all compassion and care for the less fortunate then by all means let me remain in poverty
Regardless of their intentions, they're ultimately proving that the best option for our country is #SinglePayer #medicareforall
And let's tell truth-- if #45 doesn't pay taxes neither do most so called morally defunct
My question for @SenateMajLdr, when's his chin giving birth? @weiland_jen @GSheinin @baddogs4343 @sebdaniels31 @onsamf
If you like your plan,you can keep your plan.
Not being able to explain: Thats never stopped them in the past
You give it up Bernie. We own you.
They can't tell the people the real reason, they are greedy people that are working for even greedier people to benefit the greediest people
Is it really all about spite & wanting to destroy what Obama made?
You dems have caused America to fight against you cause you are devideing americans
You dems have failed America you can only blame yourself
Simple solution Bernie. Regulate the insurance companies. It's obscene that they are allowed to make record profits while millions suffer.
I know this admin thinks NOTHING  should be regulated but healthcare and environment is necessity! #SaveACA #EPA #CoporateObscenity
You dems are fighting a losing battle America won't ever put a dem in the house again
How old are you cause our prez will be our prez for 8 years and you won't be here
Bernie you dems are killing people with Obama care it's a failure
there are no republicans anymore
This fools only focus has been to dismantle anything Obama did, if 23 million lose insurance he should be arrested, charged with murder
"If you like your policy you can keep it. If you like your dr you can keep him, cost will go down!"
If this article represents what the republican Congress knows about healthcare, they can't fix healthcare.  They don't know anything. OMG
You need to give it up Bernie. We will never be the socialist utopia you dream of.
They think they are all powerful but hopefully in next election they will ALL find out they aren't #peoples resistance
you are running your mouth about the incorrect cbo number again?
Nobody is throwing mil off health care. That's would be a lie designed to decieve you. It's this hate that is causing leftist violence
We need to put pressure on this continued non transparency. To hide and do this is ethically and morally despicable
If @BernieSanders doesn't take responsibility for his hate rhetoric and doesn't condemn all the riots and shooters he has promoted...
... he should quit.
Let me explain it for them Bernie Hypocrite. Because we don't want it mandated and we don't want to pay for slackers. Help the real needy
@GOPSenate & @POTUS screwed the ACA, now hide their replacement plan. Americans DESERVE to see their healthcare legislation &/or tax break!
2/2 find out Trump is willing to compromise on your agenda as well.  You know the real evil is the Democrats.  You can't fix them, help us.
1/2 Bernie, you are in a unique position to heal this country.  Forget the party line.  Show a willingness to work with Trump, and you might
I think they want sick,elderly,poor people & babies to all go off and die.They don't want to be bothered with us so they can just get richer
Or be shot, right Bern?
It's obvious they try to give tax cuts to richest. But where to find money. Let's throw poor and middle class under the bus/ sarcasm off
That's funny.  Remember what Nanci Pelosi said about passing the bill for Obamacare to find out what was in Obamacare? We do...
if the dems can't explain the value derived by their reckless spending , they should stop it now #fiscal responsibility
VOTE THEM OUT!
You mean throw in the towel at baseball games?
It is not like Obamacare is working either! It is shrinking as insurance companies are pulling back coverage in some areas. Work together!
Is there any recourse as the GOP RAMS the AHCA through the senate? The lack of knowledge re. healthcare system & conscience has no bounds.
Mitch McConnell should be ashamed of himself.
Why don't u stop ur rhetoric old man. Scalise's blood in ur hand
What the heck is going on . How can this be allowed?
I'm still waiting for an explanation of the ACA that ruined insurance for 90% of America & my $2500 in annual savings #LiberalViolence
If they simply would have just improved The ACA instead of thinking party over country this would have been resolved.
Bernie, Move welfare, food stamps, MEDICAL & other entitlements to the STATE level where the PEOPLE can decide what's right for THEIR STATE!
Like California can use their STATE tax base for FREE medical for everyone in California, even millions of non-citizens if they want to!
Get that stuff OUT of the Federal government and down to the states.  One state may even want to give FREE College to their citizens!
Let the FEDS take care of PROTECTING US and doing the things they are good at!  States should manage their own entitlements!
Social Security is NOT an entitlement, WE paid into that system, but the FEDS used those funds for OTHER THAN who paid in!
Wow...focus people!  This is how these bills pass.
Lord help me get out of indiana lol..i need a way out of duckville bubble...
Do you have more shooters available?
McConnell and the Republicans will be responsible for taking more lives than ISIS with their health care bill!
Trump loves his Country Medicare 4 All fabulous idea from 1 who knows how it all works 1 price X-ray 8.00 Reg 1200 scrips 2-8.00
Example ACA is caring 4 my Aunts heart she chose her Dr. If ACA gos she risks her owned home and car for heart care ACA bill 20.00 per 800.
he will care 4 the military now he claims is AWOL's Who unfairly disch,,sick,mentally & physically on ACA need it VA kicks out AWOLpost 911
People are going to end up on morphine and hospice or crossing the border to Mexico in and that's the truth of it he should fix Obamacare
People think they're going to live forever, they'll never get sick they'll pay monthly 4 a shit health plan then when you need death panels
It's my opinion that it is nice to have a rite insurance companies will take your homes and other assets your Essentials will not be covered
It is Sooo past time for all these m.f's to move on and out of society!
Honestly, they do NOT CARE.  The ALEC agenda will take them down, swinging, as they have been bought and paid for by their overlords.
They can't tell their truth because it is ugly.
what about all the people who lost coverage because of the ACA? Is Obama accountable for those people?
#WTF??
Bernie for President 2020 
