I am TERRIBLY disappointed that you would invite Senator Sanders to speak at the Womens Convention and ignore and dishonor Hillary Clinton.
She was invited, so was Harris and Warren. I get you're mad Hillary didnt win (wouldve voted for her) but Bernie's message is the future.
They don’t see the hypocrisy in judging the speaker based on the sex of the speaker they just see anger because they are hypocrites
Don’t presume to know what I am thinking. You have NO idea what is MY mind. FO mansplaining Troll.
Alright, I just want to know what you believe. Why is Clinton better than say... Harris, Turner, Newsom, Warren, etc.?
First woman candidate for a major political party & has fought for women her entire adult life. If you haven’t researched her career do it.
Why would you vote for someone simply for being a woman? Also, she said marriage was strictly between man and woman. Civil rights? Maybe?
No offense to Bernie, but you totally dropped the ball here! Plenty of strong women as options Warren,Obama,Clinton, etc...
Also, unless you mean Michelle ( I love her ) then Obama is not a woman... just saying.
Well duh!! of course I meant Michele ...
oh ok  but keep in mind that right now Bernie is popular and to popularize the movement is what we need.
This man continually attacks the first female presidential candidate for a major party in US History. The WOMAN you are trying to erase.
This is horrible. Could you not find ONE woman? Let's perpetuate the old white men. Great. Holding his hand up to our mouths. No.
Did I say anything about Hillary? Also highly doubt that this old white man is the future. Seems oxymoronic.
That message is echoed by Nina Turner, Elizabeth Warren, De Leon, Gavin Newsom... to name a few. He is though the man who started it.
Asking a white male who took votes away from Hillary Clinton to speak on the first day? Quite a strange message you're sending there.
She was invited, so was Harris and Warren. I get you're mad Hillary didnt win (wouldve voted for her) but Bernie's message is the future.
Why is there not a woman delivering the opening-night address at a women's convention.  Seriously?
“One of the most powerful Senators on ...women’s issues”?!?!?  Are you kidding me?????  @SenGillibrand is on the front lines. NOT Bernie.
Reading this article is so disappointing. I was proud to march in January. Have never been so moved. This is a slap in the face.
Saying that Bernie is the “most powerful” on Women’s issues when he supported a pro-life candidate is wrong.
He has NEVER been at the forefront fighting for women.  Did he lead the fight for justice on sexual assaults on campus?
Did he lead to end Hyde Amendment?
Did he lead to hold the military accountable for sexual assaults?  Did he lead on equal pay for women? Did he lead on paid family leave?
Maybe I am missing something but did he lead on reproductive freedom?  I don’t think so.
You want him at the #WomensConvention fine.  But don’t say he is a leader for women’s rights.  On these issues he is a follower not a leader
I am also disappointed with this. His endorsement of antichoice Mello showed he sees women's rights as negotiable
He endorsed Mello and called him progressive while snubbing pro-choice Ossoff and saying he wasn't prog. Sees repro rights as side issue.
He called Planned Parenthood establishment, was dismissive of Latina asking what it would take to run for office. Said it was "ID politics"
NO. NO. NO!
Anyone willing to put repro rights to the side for political expediency should not be the headliner of this event!
Oh good, it will be really refreshing to hear a man’s thoughts on women’s issues. 
WHERE'S HILLARY??? SHE'S THE ONE WE MARCHED FOR!!!
Phew thank god a man will be taking the helm. I was worried you’d have a woman do the honor. How crazy would THAT be!
Then count me out. I want nothing to do with any organization or event that includes the fraud @SenSanders  He is a joke on women's issues.
Ummmm...all the women were busy then, is what you are saying.
I would not attend that one. Sorry.
Nope, don't sign me up.
You are fucking kidding, right?
Bad choice. Bernie hates democrats
SHAMEFUL!
a man who called PP "establishment," called HRC "unqualified," and has made it clear rep. rights are negotiable. wtf. how about a woman??
Mr Bernie PP is the establishment & his followers sold/selling us out to GOP

#femaleMisogyny #dontgotothatshitguys
What the hell are you thinking? A man giving the opening speech. Disgraceful.
Yeah, no.
Are you f'in kidding me? Having Sanders speak is a slap in the face to the WOMEN LEADERS of today. I'm #ReclaimingMyTime and won't  attend.
My profile photo: me w/@SuzanDelBene & &@PattyMurray (ACTUAL WOMEN LEADERS) at the Women's March on Washington.
This is bullshit and a slap in the face to women.
Ugh
This needs to be rethought IMMEDIATELY.
No black women were available?
People are all, "what about Hillary?" I imagine they can't afford to pay her to care.
Is he going to apologize for this?
Sanders NEVER apologizes. one of the reasons he would never be a good leader in our democracy.
There is NO difference between Bernie Sanders & Donald Trump.  Both Narcissistic, Misogynist Who have Delusions of Grandeur.  Their capabilities do not match their Narcissistic Views Of Themselves! #NeverBernie
Mmmmm, I don't consider myself a big fan of Sanders, but he doesn't present ANYTHING like the dangers of *45. On literally ANY metric he'd be vastly preferable. I believed HRC to be better, so voted for her. And I don't personally think Sanders could have won the general. BUT...!
there is no but- if the Russians were involved no Dem would have won this cycle.
My "but" was in reference to Carol's assertion of "no difference" btwn DT and Sanders. That's as absurd as those saying no diff. between DT and HRC!
cool
ITT: people who obviously don’t know a thing about Bernie because “muh old white guy”
It’s a WOMENS CONVENTION.
So only women can support women?
Men can support women by elevating their voices at a women’s convention
So you get decide how people can show support?
Obviously not. You don't even want to listen to what we think about this 
Other than his sex, why wouldn't you want someone who has been fighting for women's rights his entire life there?
For the 1st time since 11/8/16 Trump news is not the worst news of the day. You asked all the women and they said no?
You asked @HillaryClinton @SenGillibrand @amyklobuchar @KamalaHarris @scotusginsburg @RepMaxineWaters @NancyPelosi @ElaineWelteroth ?
You also asked @Maddow, @JoyAnnReid @Justice_Kagan @bravenak @SotomayorScotus @Oprah... Who did I miss?
I'm sure you also asked @SenWarren @GloriaSteinem @MichelleObama @AmbassadorRice @SenDuckworth
@SallyQYates
Obviously, they're all washing their hair that day... /sarcasm
Remember they excluded Hillary on the "women who paved the way" list. They hijacked this movement to benefit theirs.
I remember that they wouldn't even say her name. Disgraceful. I've really had no time for them since.
To have a man open a women’s convention is absolutely a disgrace. I’m embarrassed for you.
Did you not tweet yesterday that the men should stand up for the women (Harvey aftermath)? Isn't this just a case of that?
No it is not. And there is no equivalence here. Don’t be facile.
Allyship is men amplifying the voices of women who speak about their oppression, NOT a man taking a platform for women and speaking for them
No one wants to hear Sanders talk about experiences he has never and will never have. Let’s be cultivating WOMEN leaders at the WOMENs March
Well, I am not talking of Sanders talking, I am talking of him being there to listen and to empathize. I don't see how alienating men helps.
That’s not what he’s there to do so I’m not sure why you’re trying to pretend that’s the issue. It’s not.
Ask him about his rape essays
Wow. True that.
He smeared every liberal group he's literally the reason trump won
Thank you for saying it! Know I'll get flamed, but Sanders IS NOT on our side.
You have lots of company
Yes he is.... and, I wrote it all out, to show PROOF.
and here's a thread..... 
People wonder why I dislike Bernie with such a passion... 

It is because he is LYING to the voters.…
Same! A man is bad enough.... but Sanders? Hell, NO!!!!!!!!!
This is the second slap in the face for Hillary too. They left her off the list of honorees... now this 
Me either. I donated because I couldn't be there for the march. How many supporters will they lose b/c of this joke of a #WomensConvention ?
Me
And many others I have no doubt! But this isn't the time for division #WomensConvention It's about womens rights right? Not political BS!!!
Ol loser white guy who hides taxes & until he ran for President had never hired a woman  or person of color ... except his girlfriend/wife
So many wonderful women you could have chosen!  Why?
Because they have always wanted to do this. They are a front for making women's movement subservient to Bernie's political ambitions.
This marks the end of the women’s march for many of us - it started with not inviting HRC to speak last Jan- now with the BS takeover- DONE!
Linda Sarsour refused to list Hillary on the website with the other women they honored.

I thought the Woman's March was supposed to be about the election of the first woman POTUS being hijacked. They turned into a Broette march!
hey girl!  Miss you!  and IT WAS! and it STILL WAS!   Organizers just wanted it to start their 2nd traitorous act on Hillary supporters!
There were no WOMEN who could give opening remarks? Are you serious with this?
Sexist
You seem like someone who really cares about women's issues. 
Because I’m against sexism??
No; you clearly don't even understand what sexism is.
Not letting someone attend something because of their sex is sexism
Oh! It's a reading comprehension problem then--no one said he couldn't attend.
Are. You. Kidding. Me?

He dismissed Planned Parenthood—PLANNED PARENTHOOD—as "the Establishment" when they had the gall to endorse Hillary.
Sanders has been pushing the Dems—which he's not actually a member of—to support dude-bros who don't believe in pro-choice. Fuck this.
Sanders was silent when his supporters threw "burn the witch" parties during the primaries. Fuck this.
Sanders supported "gun rights" bills for DECADES even though evidence shows guns are mostly used in domestic disputes TO KILL WOMEN. Fuck u.
Sanders hasn't been asked to account for his past support of gun rights bills. He simply said once he changed his mind and that was it.
So this is not the Women’s March - it’s an Our Revolution gathering.   How dishonest
This was the strategy all along - co-opt a march planned by Hillary supporters in response to the misogyny of 2016 & make it about Bernie
In light of yesterdays' story about Sanders camp stealing Hillary's voter list Wonder who's hands that info fell into...
Sanders group definitely have it I have received 11 emails in last 72 hrs asking for support. My response FU St Bernard will never get my $$
LOL! They surely have it. However, that doesn't mean they didn't share it with some of their comrades too.
I'm sure they have/will, my response will b the same w stronger cursing. I really was a nice old lady never cursed till 11-9-16 lol
LOL. Weren't we all?
I was behind you 100%. With Bernie not so much. Please cancel him. We are all better than  that....
Keep it.

h/t @ira
This has to be a joke. He reached across the aisle to a candidate who wants to take away women's health rights. You guys. No.
but of course they ignore that since it doesnt fit the narrative they want to create

So someone who supports a living wage, free education, equal pay, and health insurance for all is not good for women?
Lick the corner of your mouth, you left some of Bernie's blood. Suck it up, Becky!
How is making our country more like Scandinavia a bad thing?
We ain't Scandinavia, Becky, we are the United States of America. We are a country governed by laws. Study your country for God's sake!
Please answer my question on how free college and healthcare is bad?
No one saying those things are *bad*, Miss SmugBot, just that it’s a) irrelevant to topic at hand & b) Bernie ain’t gonna make that happen
Yes this is it exactly
I saw @ninaturner on your line-up and opted out thinking I would be walking into a Bernie 2020 convention. You just proved me right.
With all the talented female politicians & leaders & you chose a male who doesn't think a woman's reproductive rights worth fighting for?
She was invited, so was Harris and Warren. I get you're mad Hillary didnt win (wouldve voted for her) but Bernie's message is the future.
Thank you for mansplaining what I want from a WOMAN'S conference.
NO
HELL NO
What's wrong with someone who supports free college and Healthcare systems?
So why not Elizabeth Warren?
She didn't come out in support for Medicare for all last year?
I think its time you became an adult. I have seen you mention M4A, fracking and Monsanto. Do you have any comment on women's issues?
Why wouldn't I be? I'm a woman who believes that women have the right to choose to have a baby or not and that their systems are not some...
Stop with the Bro narrative then and for Pete's sake, try some independent judgement.
That the convention organizers chose a man to be the opening speaker at this important conference is so tone deaf it's beyond me. That they chose someone so polarizing among feminists is appalling. This isn't a criticism of Bernie. It's a criticism of those who made this call.
Great point. Why isn't it Hillary or Michele, or....? I love Bernie. He's awesome, but you're right Cheryl.
From what I have read Clinton was invited to speak. She did not accept the invitation.
She is at a International women's conference as for the rest...
You want to know something, Bernie is a supporter of women's rights and his policies show it entirely. (1/?)
He was the only senator that I knew who wanted Universal Healthcare in this country where nobody would pay a penny for getting sick (2/?)
why not Elizabeth Warren or Wendy Davis. Sanders doesn't inspire me to March. Bye bye women's march
Congrats. You do know that Bernie is just like Donald? He makes everything about him....

BERNIE 2020
You want Socialism? Go elsewhere. We are a nation based on Capitalism. Nothing is free. Bernie forgets to tell ppl that
If you want fascism go to RUSSIA and take your RUSSIAN pussy grabbing TRUMP with you.
Lovely gutter mouth. You're obviously clueless about world economics.
Get educated. You’re a moron just like pussy grabbing TRUMP!!!
Share this song called Treason in the Rose Garden https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10211897093656170&id=1636166946 …
What? A man and not a woman? Seriously?
Really?  We'd have a woman in the White House if this old man had checked his ego and fully supported her.
#BankFraudBernie and his communist Alt-Left once again scams women for his own personal enrichment. 
#WomensConvention 
#Fraud
Well, at least That makes one of us.
#WomensMarch #Sanders
WHY? There are a lot more appropriate women. Look at his history, he's not good for women.
Seriously hard to fathom organizers of the #WomensConvention literally killing themselves 2 defend their manspreading of Bernie at the event
You just cannot write this comedy.

Seriously, your group is the gift that keeps on giving.
I didn’t realize Sanders was a woman, might as well invite Kushner too.
I've never read so many ignorant comments all in one place.  And you wonder why the party is dying.
Puke!
Hey fems.    You do know of course that Big Bern is a Big Gun Rights guy  Having a gun loving white male for keynote speaker.  Wow progress!
The brain dead idiots who are tweeting the nasty false tweets about Bernie need some free education!
Bad choice, I think you could have done better!
Then count me out.
SO disappointing 
Evidently, no owner of an actual vagina was worthy. 
Implicit in the notion that the primaries were 'rigged' is the belief that Bernie had many more supporters than HRC to the tune of 4 mil...
"Show me what a feminist looks like!"

"This is what a feminist looks like!"

Yeah. That's me in the pink pussy hat
I suggest you retract this invitation
@womensmarch orchestrated a BIG “miss” on this one...  disappointing; missed opportunity
this is ridiculous. sanders betrayed women. he should not be invited to the convention. we are truly our own worst enemy. sigh.
Excellent choice! Keep up the great work you continue to do and ignore the bitter brigade. That insane H8% will get Trump reelected.
Since there are no qualified women to speak, you should definitely ask a man what you should think. #FeelTheNader

@MintaDwyer8 read this fucking comment thread. amazing.
No thank you.
I love @SenSanders as much as anyone, but wasn't there a WOMAN to speak at the Women's March?!  @SenWarren, perhaps?
No. Just no.
That is ridiculous
No.
Boo hiss. That’s all.
Are y'all paying him in $27 increments?
Because having a white male open is what this movement needs ??
Can't decide whether to scream or cry. Both I guess.
Ha Ha - No wonder there is no more comedy! You can’t make it up!
Get rid of Bern as an opening speaker!
Well at least you're excited. 
Wow to this comment section burning everything in its path.
You do know that Bernie Sanders' campaign was advised by Tad Devine-Manafort's friend?  Concerted effort gave us #Trump. So be stupid! The
Yeah,  I'll pass.
So... no women were available? None... at all? Anywhere... in the world?
Are you fucking serious? What's an old white man doing opening the Women's Convention?
Apparently it's time for this feminist to tweet the house down.
I was proud to march in the #womansmarch. A WOMAN should deliver the opening night speech at the 1st Nat'l Women's Convention in 40 years!
And in other news, Hannibal Lecter’s Food Network show to premiere as well...
It would’ve been nice to see a WOMAN give the headline at a Women’s Convention. And someone under the age of 60, please? Bernie, really?
All women at this meeting should Neal like the players
Later, bitches.
Um, what? No. Just no.
Disgusting communist
Bernie Sanders to keynote national women's event? What are you thinking? Are you thinking?
Well if that isn't the dumbest decision y'all have ever made. Way to alienate most women.
Boooooooo
This was a TERRIBLE decision.  I marched in January, but will focus my efforts elsewhere now.  Shame on you!  #BoycottWomensConvention
@sensanders if you are truly an ally and a feminist, you will step down and let another woman speaker take your place.
As the flapping of TKTS fly up onto Craigs list.
Get em cheap fellahs, we dont want 'em.
NOTHING our ENEMY wants More than for Democrats to Forever fight the 2016 Primary Battle so we cannot see to fight THEM - IN THIS TOGETHER
You've lost us. Really disappointed in you, Women's March.
Yep, I'll be passing on this event.
Would think you would note from comments that this is not a good idea. The end of a movement. What a shame.
Who demands our children receive their right to tuition free public college? Oh--what's that--Bernie?  Good.  Feminist
The choice is ridiculous. Get someone else.
No. No, we're not. We're really, really not.
Big mistake, biiiig mistake!
How to continue to DIVIDE MY PARTY!! this March is a JOKE!!
Wish I was there. I got to shake #hands with #Bernie when he was at #SamoHigh in #santamonica. A #great firm handshake,like he can #lead us!
Wow. I had no idea Bernie was a woman. Nice.
Glad to hear it. My wife and daughter are NOT excited. Nor am I. One step forward, two steps back.
I'm sorry, but did you run out of women? This is LUDICROUS.
You lost me at Bernie.
What the fuck?  So couldn’t find any woman to deliver the opening night speech?  #WOMENSCONVENTION
Bernie Sanders implied that sexual predator's behavior is a human nature. @WomensMarch embraces sharia and rapists.
I love @SenSanders & cannot wait to hear what he says! He's a wonderful choice. Don't let the naysayers & moaners get you down!
Definitely not this woman. He is a joke. He makes me so angry that it is a toss-up between him and Trump when deciding who is worse
Really really really stupid decision.  What were you thinking?  Are you so blind to the division he has caused?
Why Bernie? Hundreds of excellent women could do this but the only person you could find is man who did plenty to thwart the 1st  POTUS?
@hurlgirl You should admit this was a mistake and ask Bernie to drop out.

Big change from you past.
Not me! I will be a loud voice for WOMEN but not for this. Bernie's NEVER been a strong voice for women. He IS an attention seeker smh.
WHY? @womensmarch? Was with you until NOW...
SHAMEFUL!!!!
“A woman enjoys intercourse with her man — as she fantasizes being raped by 3 men simultaneously.”
And I am excited to announce that, as a result, I will have nothing further to do with you
Not attending Convention. Instead of the 1st woman nominated by major party, Sanders chosen who said reproductive rights was a distraction!
This is like bringing Weinstein to  Rose McGowans for dinner with Ben Affleck. Old white men is literally the *reason* for this movement!
Bill Cosby is white?   #themoreyouknow 
and by the way #Creepyjoe 
What a JOKE..  an old white communist is your leader
When is @womensmarch marching on hollywood for their clear oppression of women?  We have heard nothing from you while women suffer
He was a last minute substitute because ol Harvey and Bill couldn't make it right?
You can't find a qualified woman among millions to open the convention? This is like a slap in the face for women!
WTF?'
Have you figured out yet that NO ONE else is excited about this? This was a major mistake. We need to move PAST Bernie, not embrace him.
Shameful. Sanders is an awful choice. I won’t be attending
No.
That is not an appropriate choice for keynote speaker.
You can do much, much better.
Yeah a city mayor who married a junior staffer does seem a tone deaf choice when in the midst of a discussion on workplace abuses of power.
No we are fucking not.
Hillary clinton doesn't stand for leftist ideals. She didn't lose because of Bernie. She purposely sabotaged him along with the DNC
Nope
Is he going to read us his disgusting poem about women fantasizing about being raped by 3 men simultaneously?
Unfollow
Really?? An obviously insensitive choice considering the contentious relationship with HRC leading up to the 2016 U.S. Presidential election
You know that "tone deaf" thing we accuse the GOP of being?  

Y'all just nailed it.
maybe they should have had Nina Turner, a WOC do the opening speech, oh wait, she's a Berner, she doesn't count to hillbots. 
We know this is a Bernie 2020 rally where they can continue to trash Hillary. Horrific to ruin the March like this.
What has he ever done for women??? Other than putting his wife in a position to go to jail for his commie corruption!
Democrat "rising star"
She's a piece of work. Feel free to use "work" liberally.
You know this is Bullshit rite??? I see why some of my friends didnt fall for the BS. Im out!
I'm not! I wish @SenSanders his desperation 4 2keep up his"most popular" title.Bcz he IS NOT.He lost 2"most unpopular"&elected us imbecile
Who thought this was a good idea? @womensmarch, you've talked about the white men legislating women's bodies - you're replicating the issue.
So insulting.
This is wrong,He is not for Women's Rights.He gives it lip service when it benefits him.  So disappointed
Baaaa hahahaha.
You think using a guy who wants to destroy the Democratic Party is a good idea? You're SCREWY! -
Love Sanders but the WOMENS MARCH couldn’t find an influential/Inspiring/Motivational keynote FEMALE speaker? Really? Really.
Hillary and Elizabeth Warren would be better!
Trying to trick marchers into your
Cult of the Ineffectual Old Man
shows you think piracy is leadership.
...and you're STILL Putin's punks.
He is not the best choice by any stretch of the imagination. Why didn't you choose Elizabeth Warren or Kamala Harris? Or Katharine Johnson?
Gross. The Magical Grandpa? You can do better...
I am not watching - get rid of Bernie - he is a fraud - remember his rape article???
Why?
He dismissed Planned Parenthood as "part of the establishment".
@Womensmarch needs to make sure they invite all their Hollywood friends that protected #HarveyWeinstein like @AshleyJudd and @Janefonda.
Waa-waa-waaaa (sad trombone). What in the actual fuck were you guys thinking? "Fire marshall said keep # down, let's open with men!"#badidea
Is this a Bernie Sanders coronation?
No no no no no no you’re wrong about this one @womensmarch
All the Nopes.  Hard pass on yet another Sanders rally.  Who has held more since the election, him or Trump?  #egomaniacs
Maxine Waters should give an opening speech!
You want to put a woman's face up front!!! Besides, Bernie helped Trump during the election....
You made a big mistake and it will cost.
You're kidding right? The non democrat? No, don't think so! He is NOT the face of the Democratic Party! Sorry!
No thanks. Are you freaking kidding me!!! A misogynist speaking on behalf of women
Great, can’t even get behind the Women’s March. I thought this invite thing was a typo. Wrong n so many ways. @accidntlmystic
This is a huge mistake and distraction. He does not belong at this convention. This is extremely disappointing. Extremely. Please fix it.
YOU HAVE JUST LOST THE SUPPORT OF MILLIONS OF WOMEN. GREAT JOB. ARE YOU TAKING LESSONS FROM TRUMP NOW? NO ONE WANTS TO HEAR FROM BERNIE
You are smarter than this. Bernie is a decent person but the way, way wrong choice to open. Urging you to schedule him for a different time.
I'm disgusted by this. Disheartened. Disappointed. It will always be a man's world.
This is a direct betrayal of the principles I knit hundreds of hats for.  Shame on you #Womensmarch.
Wait, I thought y’all hated rich old white men?
Seriously ? Are you joking ?
I'm quite honestly appalled at myself that I ever supported your organization, @womensmarch. Horrendous.
Wow! That's idiotic isn't it? That's kind of like having Trump speak at a children's hospital after this week taking away their insurance!
