Elon Musk floats solar overhaul of Puerto Rico power grid, governor says "Let's talk" http://huffp.st/6I8QcCW  
If you/they can get out from underneath the current power company this would be one heck of an opportunity for them!
Please do what you can to help the people of Puerto Rico.
The solar panels will all blow away in the next hurricane.
Right, and the current electrical infrastructure held up so well... really?
Maybe solar panels could be secured or stowed for storm in some fashion.
Yup. Science stuff is cool like that.
Bernie , I didn’t know you were an engineer. Great idea , oh wait already been tried. Won’t work
you lost
Who lost? America? Yep! America lost when the stupid people voted for Trump... Maybe even the world has lost! Yep... Pretty much everyone!
Bernie lost the primary just like he would have lost the general
Bernie may have won the election had he won the primary because Trump & Co. concentration was on HRC.
It's about time the tropical and semi tropical countries use the sun for their energy needs!  
The Problem is they aren't even allowed to use their own Country Parasites from Wall Street go there & drive up the Cost of everything
PLEASE BERNIE RAISE ATTENTION TO THIS
what about Coal? @POTUS said it was coming back?  Wait did he LIE?
AND TEACH HOW TO MAINTAIN AND OPERATE THEIR SYSTEM.
Is Elon going to pay for it?
He probably will. He is a great philanthropist & powering PR will show the world his solar plans work!
good luck with that
Why doesn't Elon Musk pay for it since he is rich enough to do so.
Yeah this "green energy" which is SOOOOO much better for the environment. Grow up and learn the truth like an actual adult.
Like others, Puerto Ricans are suspicious of Solar Power. They kno, they'll never pay less, while the tax burden will cripple our economy.
WE ARE IN SANTA ROSA AND THERE ARE FIRES BURNING OUR HOMES PLEASE NOTICE US BERNIE AND GET ATTENTION TO THIS!
Finally!  Someone said it! Solar power is great solution 4 Puerto Rico and all Caribbean Islands and all areas in hurricane prone areas!!!!!
If wind and solar is so efficient, then why not lower the electrical cost for everyone?
So right again Mr.Sanders,# thepeoplespresident
Renewables would be efficient in so many areas. It's time to make the switch.
I invented a free electricity system that we can clean up the planet & change the world but the GOP Republican just suppress it or try to destroy it
All for it if he foots the bill and can show it is sustainable.
Why must PR be bailed out.  Forgive bankruptcy, give money and Dems there will line their pockets as they always do!  Give them nothing!
The President brought water food and mediacal supplies, you bring clean fuel, when 2050.  Nice.
Yes and help the world to follow suit in terms of energy preservation.
Add up all of your 3 homes electric bills, What does that total? Less than Gore .You could help so many people with that money. U R FAKE!
Senator Sanders, please speak out against Trump. He's an embarrassment and a danger to this country.
Great idea!
Puerto Rico has consistently voted in opposition to Statehood and shouldn't be able to spend tax money they do not contribute to
with the major exception being that most residents do not have to pay the federal personal income tax. BUT  PAYS TAXES!
Puerto Ricans (includes non hispanic Americans residing there) pay ALL FEDERAL PAYROLL TAXES. Excluding the federal income tax.
Ocean all around for tidal energy and you want to put up things easily destroyed by hurricanes.
Can we do that here in the states, also? TY
#CleanEnergy
This is a great opportunity to reduce carbon pollution.  Let's ACT NOW!
Quite Right !!
#IMPEACH TRUMP NOW
@HuffPost solar and wind power with those great storage batteries!!  Thank you !!  Why aren't we all doing this??
Ask your republican government officials.... same reason we don't have Single Payer.... republicans.
Believe me I would live single payer and I do know who to blame!! It kills me that the politicians take money from them
ya know what would lower the cost of electricity?  stop trying to tax coal out of use
As a Puerto Rican woman living in the states. I just want to thank you for raising awareness and having our back. We love you.
@elonmusk you'll be really helping my people out if you do this that'll be a good look for the future of the island #PuertoRico 
Bernie needs to go to a old people's home
Idiotic. They would have been blown away in a nanosecond. Modular nukes are hurricane proof.
Now's the time to rebuild it with protection from future storms, innovation.
Deli…
Deli…
Delighted!!!

(Brooklyn or Bronx?)
....to create part time power. Fixed that for you.
And who will pay Mr. socialist
Charlie, 100% agree
In a world where humans hold tremendous digital power in their hands, we are still using fossil fuels. Unbelievable
Thx4standing4
CleanGreenEnergy-Grid
4 Earth
Healthier Food
& Inhabitants
Including humanity!
Helps bring healthier jobs &
improves Peace2
We all know how much trump loved wind power. Unless Ofcorse its obstructing the view from his failing Scottish golf ranges
A very sensible solution... it'll be shocking if it happens
Don't flush your toilets because the water used in the toilet bowl has Floride that causes damage to the planet.
As long as #PuertoRicians benefit from SolarPower and not #BigBusiness
Anything that is more advantageous and cheaper for the people to afford is good. Another would be to vote all the corrupt politicians out.
Still waiting for that to happen in Indiana.
@SenSanders why not push to go all solar/wind on Puerto Rico to finally prove this concept to industrial-age thinkers? @elonmusk @solarcity?
Why couldn’t these be the sorta tweets our president sends?
Too bad we can’t kick someone ELSE into using this idea...#sickofhurricanes #Texas #Globalwarmingisreal
Did I do a Rip van Winkle (or a Rip Torn—I get confused) and now that I’m awake @elonmusk is President???
#idiocracy #DotardTrump
No, he’s setting an example; and demonstrating how to create a better power grid with his technology (& ing  the value of his business).
Puerto Rico in need of real gov't officials that are not corrupt.
Rebuild using solar and wind yes they need to look into this.
I like this idea. Had this convo Thurs w/Swedish green energy engineer. Let's get busy reimagining green redevelopment! 
I know because I live here and I've seen with my own eyes
Bernie I know it's a good idea the problem is if the government friends don't get a little bit of a taste nothing will be done
Within last 12 hours @CarmenYulinCruz is putting out emergency call for water! Americans want to help but need organization. Please lead! 
Then get off Twitter and do it! Quit talking the BIG talk,  spending every one elses money and do something!!!!
We!! Do they have anyone running their country?
Is there anyone in there; just nod if you can hear me. Is there anyone at home?
That makes way too much sense. GOP will never let it happen.
Hey Bernie, why not sell 2 of your luxury vacation homes in Vermont and help out the folks in Puerto Rico. Hypocrite.
Then work with the people who do sth about it @SonnenUSA and not the ones who just talk @elonmusk ! #Sonnen #Tesla
Nothing is Puerto Rico is sustainable. The government is corrupt and ineffective. If you build it up - it will be run back into the ground..
if your going to rebuild then rebuild smart
Solar yes, wind no.  Wind turbines in PR would be devastating to the local bird life.  Nuclear is best, solar is also good.
Typical socialist.  Always quick to spend  the money of someone else.
Puerto Rico governs itself. The US Senate has no jurisdiction there. You're not Puerto Rican. Who is this "we"?
@MarkRuffalo @HuffPost Yes, it's obvious the U.S. must help Puerto Rico do this. Give us details.
Probably gonna have to deal with cholera first off, senator sanders
Before we do ANYTHING we have to deal with the corruption there if anything has any hope of working properly and fiscally responsibly.
I hoped someone would step forward like this and see an opportunity for economic and ecologic progress, PR can become a shinning example.
And water is wet, bernie.
Good luck with that when this administration favors coal & petroleum over renewables! Welcome to the dark ages!
But in order to create green energy, you need fossil fuels (mining resources, production, construction, etc.). And it's inefficient.
Wind & solar should not be their only source of energy. They need diversity. Or they will end up in the same condition.
I think they call it redundancy. cloudy days with still water, you'll need a backup
We MUST!? Man, you don't even say please! Please, don't be rude. Have some manners, sir. We're the ones working, you have a cushy job.
First; all grifters of PR debt lose 100%. 2nd; rebuild 100% ecologically
Such #common #sense #ideas #people don't consider to #solve a #serious #problem sometimes.
This is a brilliant idea! It can create sustainable jobs in the process.
While we wait for Elon Musk's magic,
Solar Electric Light Fund is crowd funding 
solar lights and chargers now at


@HuffPost natural gas is best. It also provides hydrogen for fuel

Let’s talk money....
#FeelTheBern
Harvey Weinstein worked with Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook to undermine Sanders https://theintercept.com/2016/10/07/harvey-weinstein-urged-clinton-campaign-to-silence-sanderss-black-lives-matter-message/ …
Haha
Hace sentido de invertir en poder solar y de viento en #PuertoRico
All the communications,pwr & water infrastructure are gonna have to be hardened.If not it's all for nothing.Mother nature rules
Way to jump on the bandwagon Bernie!
@HuffPost with solar and wind power, how much time would it take to get power back to PR after a Maria type hurricane?
How’s Venezuela these days, Bern?
@HuffPost  So, how much are you payed for the advertisement
Real thoughts how refreshing!
Yeah, because that's going to solve the problem... windmills and solar panels. 
You must be out of your socialist mind.
Why you don't do the right thing and back up @SenJohnMcCain proposed bill to permanently exempt PR from the Jones Act?
Solar and wind are not cheaper than natural gas as fed subsidies not applicable in PR - also solar panels don't do well in hurricanes
Do it! Make a great example!
#forPuertoRico lets help.
But he's not even a real Democrat!!!
BINGO!!! Best idea ever... Since Puerto Rico has to be rebuilt, why not rebuild it #GreenEnergy Smart #SOLAR #WIND
Elon Musk is on it
You had a chance to become a President.
Let PR manage their own issues.
Why didn't you Democrats do it in the 8 years Pres. Obama was in office? You Dems didn't give a hoot about Puerto Rico until Maria hit it.
Oh so being on board with ISIS OBAMA and shutting down clean burning coal is not cheap electricity? Foot in mouth right?
don’t forget the Virgin Islands!
Imagine how awesome if Bernie was our president
Do underground install this time for all electrical!  With solar will be good 4 everyone
The same should be here in the bahamas electric bills are very high one ha e to keep the a/c off the whole summer even when it is 97°.
Sounds like your looking to make an investment and profit off what you say as always.
Solar & wind would help. Need some protective chamber 4 panels during storms. Calling engineers to solve this!
Yes THEY MUST...we don't have to do anything.
How about a realistic solution? Next hurricane and still no power. #pipedream
Ya maybe we can get Solyndra up and running again. Remember them?
Please sign https://www.change.org/p/Can%20you%20help%20me%20out%20by%20signing%20this%20petition?%20https://www.change.org/p/ricardo-rossello-nevares-fossil-fuel-free-energy-in-puerto-rico?recruiter=77588977&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink&utm_campaign=share_petition&utm_content=nafta_copylink_message_1%3Amessage …
And who pays for it?
GET THOSE TESLA PAPERS TRUMPS UNCLE GOT WHEN HE DIED W/CIA FREE ELECTRICITY 
EXPERIMENT 1899 COLORADO SPRINGS LOOK IT UP
At least it's nice to know Elon Musk isn't only working on his WMD program.
That's usually what he gets into the news for.
They offer you solar panels, they give you an inmovable price. If you want to have your own energy you have to pay them over 15,000$ for
you to have your own solar energy withought any costs. Kind of sketchy right? They try to benefit themselves withought thinking fairly.
Should also invest in hydroelectric! Power of the tides FTW!
If electric lines are going to be used again they must be put underground in a conduit running along the side of roads. It's about time America & the rest of the world did this. Islands like Puerto Rico should have all their lines put in underground.
Cheaper than restoring the electrical grid. It would pay for itself
This is a must.
Yes & that could be the springboard for the rest of our grid. Just a reminder, if you can produce your own electric alternatively you should
It would be dumb to rebuild Puerto Rico exactly as it was.
Puerto Rico will become the "New Model Clean-Energy" for the world, and the U.S. Government will have had NOTHING TO DO WITH IT
Here's an OPPORTUNITY IN PUERTO RICO for U.S. StartUps in all kinds of cutting-edge CLEAN-WORLD TECH to STRUT THEIR STUFF
Come and talk to scotland we are leading the way!!
Getting corrupt businesses tied to the PR government to pay their bills would help too.
Elon Musk looking to enrich himself further with corporate welfare.  He doesn't give a rat's end about #PuertoRico
good idea as they have to start again can it be hurricane proof
Because you smart
Teech the President
How much do hurricane proof windmills cost?
We hav u/ground utities where I liv; far from any 'disaster' zone
Our govt couldve upgraded PR to this long ago - they had no desire to.
I like the grand gesture from @elonmusk. However solar is a horrible idea. How about Ocean wave generation with battery backup instead?
Solar panels would just be destroyed during the next hurricane. Wave generaters would have a better chance to survive the destruction.
The Elite have "other plans" for PR
You do not actually believe that those hurricanes were 'random' and/or 'natural' disasters, do you?
Bernie i almost never agree with you but you are right, we should also make it cheaper in the states by allowing patrons to choose the..
What company they receive electric from, some states already do this and it has made it more affordable, should be nation wide
We MUST get the “moron” in the WH out!!
CLASSIC

#Socialism sucks
#BernieSanders method... 
U say the weirdest shit
Pander Bear
Lean in on renewables! The people of PR deserve real progress and a job-creating endeavour that also benefits the environment.
Thinking  how to get more eyes on my motion pictures #streetphotography
I hear they have lots of sun 
They use the solar energy in some third world countries now on their humble tin huts... Love you Bernie
Solar panels after a hurricane on #STXUSVI
Way to go guys! Natural resources MUST be utilised. God has given in abundance-sadly man only knows how to exploit and abuse
Bernie surely you must realise that banging on about fake news is a far better way to solve the problems in Puerto Rico
brilliant points of words if it happens. @SenSanders
if it weren't for Drumpf, Sanders, the best candidate the United States has ever had would've wone!!
Solar and wind energy would really increase the cost of energy in PR, but nice try #BankFraudBernie
This is an opportunity....
Retweet to stop the #PuericoBlack  out
I recall seeing overhead shots of a field of solar panels destroyed by the storm. I don’t think the solar idea is new.
Go Bernie. Sit on a mountain top and flap your lips. Face the windmill to generate electricity.
Very positive
This is so true! If only they would listen!
molten salt reactor is what is really needed.
At least someone knows how to run a country
You old coot.  Did you buy some stock recently?
The fact that we're not using@least 80% clean energy out there is mind blowing. It's not like we don't have the technology .
I agree that replacing damaged panels and turbines is probably easier and cheaper then rewiring everything.  And better for their ecology.
innovative ways of diversifying our power needs!
This situation presents a unique opportunity to not just repair an old existing power system but but to look at new &
I couldn’t agree more! Now is the time to think about how we manage a vital resource!
Solar & wind make sense for a rich island with money to burn, but Puerto Rico has had a progressive government for years & so is dirt poor.
If you understood even one of math, engineering, science, business, or economics, you would know solar and wind are 5 to 15x more expensive.
That would be the intelligent thing to do!
Sounds like a WIN WIN solution!
And keep Trump oil baron friends away from the island
Absolutely
