If you believe that Senator, why didn't you begin putting your actions where your sound bite is & vote to repeal and replace failing Ocare?
Why would someone for universal healthcare vote to repeal/replace our current system with even less having access to healthcare/protections?
You can't possibly believe allowing 4 people to enter into wider ranges of exchanges, buying across state lines, allowing need specific 1/3
2/3 policies, allowing catastrophic centric policies, just 2 highlight a few changes, isn't going 2 invite competition & increase diversity
3/3 healthcare isn't going away. What needs 2 b curbed is inefficient gov. Control & Admin.Reps want healthcare,
just not Amtrak/Post Office
What needs to be eliminated are 1) health insurance for profit, and 2) the age 65 or over Medicare stipulation.
I'm not an expert and I don't play one on twitter. It sounds like your advocating for total gov control. If so,every past example of gov 1/2
2/2 shown an absolute inability 2 manage,ridiculous cost overruns & DMV types deciding procedures. Medicare  isn't designed 4 primary care
Single payer and Bernie ball. If u believe in socialism. I don't believe in socialism
Then don't use roads or libraries.
Bernie is a socialist. All countries have roads and libraries. Show me which countries don't
The point is you personally and directly BENEFIT from other people's tax dollars. But like most "conservatives" you don't want to admit it.
Thats the way liberals & socialist talk. They want every thing from the gov't.For me like many many other people pay our own way.
Yeah!! I mean it's not the GOV put GPS sats into space build interstate highways and power grids we all benefit from!! Oh wait, they did.
What most conservatives fail to realize is that WE are the "government". WE pay taxes. WE vote and put these guys there.
If you're voting for a guy who says "I hate the government, now elect me to run it", then YOU are the real problem. Not the government.
Trump has publicly stated that he wants our healthcare system to fail.  He's not a president, he's an extortionist. #ImpeachTrump
He's threatened and/or withheld ins Co pmts at least twice. Nice hcare ya got, sure would be a shame if something happened to it! Thug! :-(
That is the reason for the market pull outs.  Strange CNN doesn't report his sabatoge, just saying it's failing isn't the whole truth.
It's not like they were pulling out under Obama, right? What a liar you are
Debate is fostered more by facts and figures than barbs, jabs and accusations. Cite sources, please. I can (and have)
You're saying trump is why Obama care is failing.. That is a complete and utter lie.. No serious person is debating this
I was saying #GOP sabotaged #ACA during Obama's last term, causing ins cos to pull out. Trump was trying to finish the job.
Again.. Lies
Before Obamacare policy cost was cheap, but insurance was worthless!
If Obamacare applied to congress also they would...
Soooo, If socialized medicine works, why do Canadians come here for their medical care? Socialism doesn't work, just look at Venezuela.
People posting against Obamacare seem to be ignorant, naive, or are insurance company shills.  Read about how it used to be - terrible!
If it was terrible before it's a hell of a lot worse now
Can we all vote on our pay raises, get 6 figure pensions, and have 3 houses like you too Bernie?
1.Watching young girls undress AGAINST THEIR WILL 2.Should have show BIGGEST LIAR 3.WHITE SUPREMACIST & RACIST 4. CHEATED 2 GET W/H #trump
Your credibility is lost. @Cnn @CNNPolitics  is #FakeNews like you.
https://goo.gl/qJs3ws  #sant Si je vous miaw, vous ?
#SpeakupforGood Professor Ruthie! This country is amazing ..even Mormons get it! Was Jesus a Jedi ?  #enlightened   #usetheforce
IMO Sanders spot on re: US healthcare industry=profits over health of people. Other countries pay far less for same services here. FIX THAT!
PS So you know. I am not generally a BS fan. Far from it.
That just proves we can come together on issues instead of focusing on the negative. See, we all can be awesome if we try.
I have always been about the issues, not the person. As i stated b4, generally I'm not a Bernie fan. There is some good. I like this one.

Who cares how old you will be please run again for president one more time!! Lay your heart out on the line.
STILL FEELING THE BERN
Lol

I wish you all would stop using him as the voice of the Democratic party. He's becoming less palatable the more he talks.
Bernie Sanders is the Chair of Outreach for Senate Democrats.
No organization is above making mistakes, and the leaders of the DNC made one appointing him to that position. I stand by what I said.
Then why don't you lead the way, @berniesanders ? Be the first congressperson to be covered under Obamacare!
Love Bernie- don't want him to run again because I am not certain he could win and we desperately need to get a democrat in WH.
All of congress should have what everyone else has.  And why not 3 homes like you do?
Should we also get 3 houses, illegal insider trading tips and 180k salaries for doing little to no work?
Beware of "high risk pools".  Healthy people are forced into these by unscrupulous insurers.  Very high cost!
Before Obamacare insurers could drop you like a hot rock when you needed them.  Fake insurance!
Why do I feel that Trump is the U.S. citizen's enemy???
Because you're brainwashed
There is Single Payer in Canada and the U.K.  They don't ban people from getting medicine who aren't eating and drinking well.
People have a right to healthcare.  Including people who eat too much.
We're one country and most of us have at least one unhealthy habit & doctors try to help people who are obese to lose weight.
Your name would be "meatsauce" 
So Bernie stand on the opposite side of the lynch mob after Trump.see the dems still have not learned bernie is the left now.
Better yet, make congress have the shit they gave us
Of course we should. Hiw odd @SenSanders hasn't said this before?


Whom can believe CNN reporting? They spin horse manure into ROSES!
Correction, every politician should get the same health care as the citizenry
Bernie is probably someone you could get advice on Fraud.
You gonna be paying for "every American" buddy?
HATE SOCIALISTS, HATE THEM. RUINING THIS COUNTRY.
I invite you to any Burger King in Las Vegas and there are 60 yr old Mexicans working there not teens, that used to be OUR Summer jobs
Why doesn't this Chanel ask real people questions from real people who only make $20 an hr. These people are so out of touch
Obamacare
What s bunch of shit Bernie I don't make $700,000.00 a year so I can't afford your insurance, but I could afford mine until I lost it due to
Hitler, Stalin, Mao, Pol Pot, Chavez, Castro, Maduro and Ho Chi Ming. ALL SOCIALISTS...great company you love Bernie
I'd like to see dental as a part of all this.It is not covered under most plans,but not at all on Medicaid,yet is it a serious health issue
Because communists know that divided they win.
And tweeting? Have u count all tweets ? And they r all negative, u never have a positive point of view, why?
The President didn't threat any one, he simply made a comment, why is it u don't fight single payer for Congress? If u like it so much.
Even better: Let the congresspeople get the insurance most every American gets. 

Then things would change.
When @SenSanders says he wants #Medicare4All, what he means is #Medicare4None. CA's proposed Gov't Run plan would eliminate it, and O-Care 2
so, he is admitting that Obamacare sucks, and he is right, give us what they have or make them all switch to Obamacare and see what happens
@SenSanders now says all Americans should get same sweetheart #Obamacare exemption that he/his pals get in Congress. Stop spending our $!
Cnn is fake news
But we don't.   We pay and get crap.  Congress gets free premo coverage.  Drain the swap.  MAGA.
@SenSanders Praised Socialist Venezuela as Model 4 Ending Income Inequality. What do U think today #BernieSanders ? They ran out of other 
When are going to ask Healthcare Corporations, Pharma Corporations, and Insurance Corporations why cost is so high?
My discussions suggest most Americans agree with Sanders on this.
Bernie's just looking for votes, Promise them everything.
How about congress stop exempting themselves from Laws they pass, period  @SenSanders
I say get rid of bummer care and close CNN fake news.
Yes!
Bernie the SOCIALIST Congressional people should have the same healthcare that American people have See how you like ObummerCareIt sucks
Go for Medicare !
Hey,wait a minute, didn't Venezuela switch to a system of socislism? Bernie, is that what you want for us? Socialism is not sustainable.

Funny! Someone should explain his job to him. Only congress legislates. Everyone must obey current law. Get over it!
Why not! That would be awesome! Cadillac as it is for a lifetime! The reason they don't care to repeal/replace coz they won't be affected
@realDonaldTrump @SenSanders I absolutely do want the health Ins. Congress has or they need to get out health care down to the penny.
Congress people should get the health care Americans get!
@DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP  I agree or they should have ours!
Absolutely! Our job should not define if we are worthy of health insurance.
If you so called American's hate socialism so bad then let's get rid of schools,fire,streets and the list goes on...
Jake the fake and Bernie the crook talk about POTUS! Maybe they should talk about Bernies wife fraudulent loan deal!
THE  @TheDemocrats have been living on a two tiered system SREAMING EVERYONE SHOULD BE TREATED EQUAL! Most Trusted Twins @CNN -@SenSanders
Finnally somebody says it!! I've been tweeting it 2 Trump since this has been going on.We should have what he has.will this affect him?
What kind of healthcare does @realDonaldTrump have.  Could we cancel his insurance?
@SenSanders @CNN We the people deserve same health care politicians receive they don't have problem paying for that are taxes
Or every congress person should have Obama care or no care or VA care like real people. Republicans have a dog and pony show
You used the word "sabotage" re Trumps' threats. Super!  I don't see other people using this word, alas.  [other word might be 'extortion']
I hope Bernie relatives r all rich 2 afford health care, or he don't care expection himself.
He is right the workd is watching. U will be suprised howmany of r watching Fox News  globally!
+++
-- Okay, but funded only by #ProgressiveTax
Because forcing people to pay for insurance they may not be able to afford makes life easier?
So they have no insurance and can afford to pay their medical bills?
The goal is to make it so that it's affordable for people who want it, not force people who don't want it/can't pay for it to pay for it
Exactly. But 10 years ago, most young people would have not signed up if there was no penalty.
Yeah, that's their decision. They're adults who don't need someone to tell them how to live their life
Congress doesn't have to live by the rules they make for citizens. You can't turn that around. Not even by calling it a threat Jake the Fake
If socialism is so great, then all those who support Sanders and socialist countries, just pay extra $ every year around tax time. @ 68%.
Go Bernie!
We have wished for that forever!
What threats @BernieSanders @CNNPolitics?

Only in a perfect America would we get your insurance.  Stop lying Bernie.  Great pitch but you know it is not gonna happen.
Do you have the courage to help the V.I.P.S. expose the fraud that cheated you out of the nomination?
Amen
This guy thinks money grows on trees
Mr Trump is correct!!
Wow cnn way to cover something real for once, keep it up.
All of the millions of dollars you and your wife stole I'm sure you have great health insurance
Who will pay for it?  The middle class?
@SenSanders @CNN Everyone could have Healthcare with a 2.3% sales tax. How much money did health insurance spend to kill SB562?
No more subsidies for you & others that voted for aca!!!!!!
bsb, tell us about your "DC SHOP" exchange that currently exempts YOU & members of congress from other health exchanges.  Illegal per OPM!!
It's so unnerving that you people can criticize and condemn with all that has gone on within the DNC.
Really, Bernie?  What do you think about what HRC did, and those affiliated with her?
We do love our Bernie!
I'm completely disgusted with ALL members of Congress. Stop putting political PREJUDICE above the American people #StopSeparation #DoYourJob
Trump should be impeached for incompetence. Most Republicans for hijacking political system.
What I don't understand Bernie don't know Bernie is an Idiot
sad thing is of his ppl don't get free healthcare they want vote for him again. I don't owe a lazy ass a damn doctor
your not intitled to free heathcare that's stupid
what he is really saying is you ppl work while the other half of America slaves for you to have healthcare
Bro, your crooked wife is going to prison.
Doesn't Bernie need to go feed the unicorns who brought in the load of free stuff? Live off the state?
Look at what happened to Charlie Gard, the government decided he should not receive a chance to live bc it cost too much. Death Panels in EU
You Americans should be more concerned about this
Let's just solve all problems this way. Everyone should have a million dollars.
. . . or let congress and the President have the insurance they voted on and see how they like it.
Healthcare for all = bankrupt country= healthcare for none
WAAAAY too much entitlement for that to happen.
That is what everyone deserves.
@SenSanders @CNN Not once did you hear Bernie say he would be willing to use the same HC forced on the rest of America. 

Bernie Sanders says he's "absolutely" introducing single-payer bill after GOP fails to repeal Obamacare http://bit.ly/2uO48bf  
Of course they should. And of course they never will. Congress will make sure of that.






Because that's how #socialism usually works out, right? Ruling class & "the people" end up w/ same living standard. #AnimalFarm
Ur right and if not u should get the HC we have

Absolutely.  Bernie is right to admire the Australian model.  Australians all pay tax for our Medicare, no resentment
I'm all for that!  If it's good enough for our congresspeople, it's good enough for us
Sanders attack our political system and govt more than he attacked Trump but of course @jaketapper was trying to focus just on Trump.
ABSOLUTELY  !!  THEN FRAUD BANKS ETC !
Bernie: there is no rule that says you can't give up your golden medical plan, and voluntarily go on Obamacare.Its time to put up otshut up
That isn't possible. Govt benefits are much better than industry. The way it is.
Americans don't understand what universal health security means- explain it!!!!!!!
Could not agree more!
Right
Sanders should be in jail with his wife for bank fraud.
Trump wants to do health care again next week, maybe he is ready to hear your universal plan now.
Nobody cares what you think Bernie 
THAN WHY DID HE & OTHER SENATE HYPOCRITES ??? VOTE SECRETLY FOR NO PAY HEALTHCARE PLAN FOR THEMSELVES...
Isn't Congress on ACA? So is "public option" referred to the federal ACA exchange? If so--good idea. State exchanges big part of problem.
Actually makes sense if you think.
@SenSanders Thank you for fighting for us.
So Bernie why did you vote yourself out of it.
Making gov. insurance optional is what is happening in Australia. More and more people want the option to go private.
That is not the way the Australian health care system works, you don't choose to opt out of Medicare
Barney, you actually came up with a good idea. Make O'care OPTIONAL. For those who want it they can join.Others can go private.
Makes a lot of sense to me Bernie. What we're missing in DC right now is common sense and compassion. When did we stop caring about people?
Bernie we NEED you!
Yes Congress should have same lousy insurance as the people do. Obama Care
He has no clue about healthcare and does not care. GOP just blindly follows him with no conscience. Ugly chapter of US history
Holy cr@p!!! Yes, yes, yes!!!
There Should Be Absolutely No Exception(s)...None Period! Or MayBe Just1...
There should be a single payor plan available in conjunction with the state ACA exchanges.That would assure everyone of access to healthcare
Us litlle peons have been screaming this for months!
American medical industry doesn't want to heal.
This is not a socialist country!!  We are not Venezuela!!
Oh, so our taxes dont pay for roads and infrastructure then, ok. Our fire dept just does it for profit. Ur brainwashed.
Every congress person should get the healthcare citizens get.
Go Bernie
bernie s our man,republicans screwed up they know
Big dodge on why SINGLE PAYER failed in Vermont & Calif. Truth is neither state can print money like Fed can.
Common sense always comes out of Bernie's mouth.
Or the congress people should have this same Ins. as the American people now have access to,watch how quickly the Ins. problem is resolved.
Why don't they try 2 improve the bill & make it better, call it Trump Better Care we need to get 2 the infrastructure bill 4 poor tear US up
Trump better no this, he better put America to work but fast, hungry men have no respect for law, authority or human life...Marcus Garvey
Sanders was complicit in throwing millions off health insurance they were happy with in 2010.  And now he's complaining?
Dont you get it Bernie we don't care what Fake news CNN has to put on the air ways. It's all about taking down Trump. Not Working !!!
Saw a vote last week 4 Single Payer, not one vote. Nothing but laughter from the senate. Lip service Bernie, health lobby owns the senate.
You knoe that bill, presented by a REP senator was joke, had absolutely no substance.  It wasn't intended as a real bill for consideration.
Really? It demonstrating there's not 1 senator willing to risk lobby payola money to support Universal Healthcare.

Every congressman should get the health care every one else has

EXACTLY!!!!
Bernie is exempt from Obama health care, bernie is a shameful elitist.
What is uncomprehensible is you Bernie not knowing that Medicare DOES NOT cover everything, why do you think people purchase 2nd ins? fool!
I think The President is losing control
As usual...the socialist is bad at math. Can we get magical unicorns farting pixie dust too!?
