Instead of giving the 1% a big break, how about giving working families a boost? We need to invest in priorities that benefit #WeThePeople.
How should the government raise revenue?
If the US government had no money then there would be no US military.  Would that be OK?
The reason we have a standing Army is for defense. Also, military is used more & more as emergency assistance for natural disasters.
You don’t get it. We work there, so it doesn’t come here. The world doesn’t work in a vacuum. We are a leader in keeping bad controlled.
Funny how 9,000 people pay 39% of all US taxes, and yet they aren't paying their "fair share." #Factshurt #whatajoke #screwy
As a percentage of income, the middle class pays way more than the 1%... by a lot
Wow, I found those facts exhilarating. #Dweebs #nutty #wantitall
??? I am lucky and have a high income, these changes will probably help me slightly.  Does it help the majority of Americans?  No.
Yes, it does hurt them.  The cuts to Medicare and Medicaid will impact them greatly and is part of this legislation.  And the deficit 
It doesn't cut Medicare, it reduces the amount of appreciation that occurs over a ten year period.
When will you stop supporting Bernie's self serving non starter attempts to garner attention?  You knew, as did he,it would not survive.
Thanks for introducing civility and wisdom to the discussion! Anything to say about why Burnie won't show his taxes? Is he part of the 1%?
What discussion? This is you seeing the GOP lower taxes on the 1% and you focusing all your attention on Bernie because you hate him.
In a choice between Sanders and Trump, you would pick Trump. 100% guaranteed.
People like you are impediments to progressivism. All you care about is attacking Sanders for running against Mother. Get bent.
I muted you btw. Seriously, get bent.
Darn, and this courageous progressive still won't comment on the secret tax returns! And I'm muted! So very very sad. Most fun all day.
Trump plan if you make over 24k you pay taxes. Anything under you don’t. That’s a lot better that your Socialistic plan.
For singles i believe it"s 12 k, fyi ! Do u not enjoy your socialist libraries, police fire dept ect .#Growaheart
I do pay for the police to protect and serve as well as the Fire Dept. That’s not socialism you need to listen to Ben Shapiro not Bernie
No, i will stick with Bernie.Yes the police r there to protect with our tax dollars ( as socialist as healthcare for all would be)  !
Canada, Sweden two health cares that Bernie loves is going towards privatized healthcare cause they are out of money.
Oh stop already.I have friends in Canada that have said nothing of the sort..
Yes and I wish the would abolish it.
this is corruption!!!!! GET THEM OUT!!
How on God's green earth is this corruption?!?
And they only already pass some poultry sum of what senator 60-80% it total taxes     You of course go short form so you can pay more. Lol
Same old tired dribble... Economy grew 3% with just the thought of this tax cut. Your team kept it below 1.8% for 8 years. All about results
Nothing like getting screwed by the billionaires and the millionaires thanks koachs and our beloved sir for signing our death warrents
And they won't fund CHIPS. Who is going to tell these parents that we won't cover a sick child's healthcare
Give us tax reform that's fair for all. Been preaching that as long as I can remember
#TaxReform
The Rich hate Bernie.

Rich republicans, rich democrats.
Disgusting 
The 1% pay the most in taxes ... how can you reform the tax code without affecting their taxes?
As a % of income they pay far less than the middle class.
#NotOnePenny isn't #enough 
http://the3dforce.blogspot.com/2017/10/porg.html …
#Fightfor15 is #FairDemocracy and #SocialBargain 
need #3dForce
http://www.3dForce.net 
Senator Merkley- were you voting on the Caputo amdt. On Thursday?
Who pays the majority of the taxes?
By a wide margin.
Greed
But those tax cuts NEED to go to the 1% so they can trickle them down to the rest of us! #sarcasm
Why don't you guys move to a communist country? Sorry to assume gender pronouns BTW.
Please explain why you think they should move to a communist country.  1) it is off topic; 2) why do you like tax cuts for the wealthy?
The wealthy employ a majority of the people. And don't give me that BS they don't pay liveable wages, I was fine on minimum wage
Ok, yes they employ the people. You still need to explain how the tax cuts for the wealthy will help the common people.
If they have more money to invest into their businesses they can hire more people and give raises. Simple.
Not so simple. It is estimated that only 20% of corporate tax cuts make it to the people. The rich invest money. The middle and poor spend.

Who would have guessed?
You can see right through the GOP
Because Dems are neoliberal. Not much difference.
Healthcare for all: Medicare for all, 50 years up, current monthly cost, 50 years down, Double the monthly cost.

Healthcare in 3 sentences
Wow, a sitting Senator promoting class warfare. What a great guy
TIme for full REPEAL of Obamacare and DON"T REPLACE  Leave our health insurance ALONE>  You screwed mine up by 55% increase less coverage.
Single Payer Medicare for All
Last I checked we AREN'T a socialism country.  We are capitalism, open up state lines for competition for health insurance.
No need to debate you. You've been brainwashed by corrupt gov officials. I can see your strings as a puppet.
ha ha Corrupt is when government wants control over health care, Capitalism isn't government run. Put the pipe down dear
Well Dear, You seem to have no understanding of capitalism. That is far from the economical system we have.
We might enjoy the dollar savings we get!
So not right
When will people like you and Sanders voluntarily pay more taxes...simply send in more...you won't hypocrite liars
Don't kill the people creating the jobs. I would hate for ppl to decide what amount to take from my pocket and neither would they.
Thank you for trying and keep up the good work!! Nice we have some in gvnmt that care for us, to everyone else call your representatives
Idc what happens to the 1% long as I get my breaks, and under his plan I do
Does this both YOU?! @nytpolitics @politico @NYDailyNews @washingtonpost @HillaryClinton @chrislhayes @MarkRuffalo @maddow @Lawrence
I hate everything GOP stands for. Why should we support the wealthy? They sure as the he'll don't support us!
Where are Sanders full tax returns?
You have, in a roundabout way, just defined the republican agenda.
In the real world, Senator Merkley, can you imagine them not rejecting it?
Just more evidence #TaxReform  plan is BS
Sharing= Caring
We DEMAND fairness in taxation....those millions of us working and doing our fair share EXPECT the top 1% to be PATRIOTS paying a fair share
The 1% pay most of the taxes, then they taxes hell out Hollywood. They got special tax break, that needs to stop.
Was it a serious amendment- or one for show that didn’t have a prayer of passing? It sounds like the latter - 4 political gain.
Xena, Do you ...or do you not ...want most tax cuts to go to common citizens who will put the money back into the economy.
Is that Why Merkley & Bernie Voted to Exempted all Senators & their Staffs from the Failed Obamacare Health System(they lied about)? Did they know something they didn't Tell US?

Stop sending out socialistic messages. The USA is a capitalistic country from its founding, and grew great because of it.
Time for one million women march on DC dressed in bras panties and pussy hats carrying loaded AK47.  Wake up DC ladies
Booo
It’s always about the 1% with them. Amazed blue collar R voters fall for that every single time
It's outrageous...middle class like me will pay for it
What do you expect? They’re representing the 1%
I think most of us realized this but the greedy republicans are really shafting Americans for their own cuts in my strong opinion!
I got an idea but it would never go because the rich people would have to pay more get rid of the IRS
Just add a 10% tax on everything you buy then everyone pays the same rate and people who do not pay taxes will not receive a return
It may seem high but we could afford health care college tuition and infrastructure
Look they don't even try and hide it anymore. @GOP is FOR the 1%. That is all they care about. The rest of us can go to hell
On America's current trajectory, the GOP puppet-masters will soon have Trump sign an executive order to rename the word 'tax' to 'tribute'.
And when the Stock Exchange bubble bursts, the middle and working classes will pay again!  Richest steal all the money.  Rigged
Education.  Make college affordable.  CC free.  Fix failing schools.  Give the masses a chance to fight for better jobs with an education.
A leg up??  They are way up the ladder, at a better house, in a different neighborhood, with better schools, etc.
Thanks you keep ACA in Washington DC rules change in States no money and no marketplace too go through
What’s new?  Been that way for ever.
If anything,the wealthy should pay more for hurricane costs and badly needed infrastructure improvements !  WTF ! 
Guessing that would defeat whole point. RTing.
Figures I mean why cut off all that $$ mean for campaign coffers?!
Wonderful! Thank you GOP.
Let's give them a tax plan by the people, for the people!
https://twitter.com/CZLumen/status/920884113040580610 …
Pays the deficit and is fair to everyone.
Tax reform
Cost of operation/ living + 20k = 0 taxes
20 - 220 = 20% top 40k in taxes
220 - 420 = 40%…
and pay 75% of all federal taxes
Remember "let them eat cake"?  We all know how that ended.
All of those people are crooks and are ruining the world for millions yet profiting off all of it #shame on you
It's so weird how tax cuts tend to go to people who actually pay taxes.
that's the whole goal of their bill....
And just who's surprised at this??.. I hope GOP supporters not in the 1% finally realize they too are shafted as well...
You just want to dig out of the pockets of the productive to subsidize the indigent class for the sake of bribing your voting base
 USURY
You all know the drill. They vote against everyone's best interest except the top 1%, you register three new voters...
I want to say this is unbelievable & the President would never let this stand...then I remember we live in trumpmerica now. 
Yippeee!
You mean the 1% that pays the most in taxes? The ones that provide jobs? That are leaving US due to over taxation? You are an idiot!!!
Was my senator, @BenSasse, a part of this?  Does he want to give tax breaks to the 1%?
Completely unsurprising. They only care about the 1% & hardly bother pretending otherwise.
&their foolish voters will continue 2 vote agnst their own interests anyway, so @GOP really doesn’t have 2 pretend they care about the 99%
Still not telling the truth
They also pay the most in taxes!

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 

Wait are you telling me that the great pumpkins tax break wont help the working class. Im am so damn shocked well not really


Those piece of  bastards. 
VOTE ALL GOP OUT OF OFFICE!!!
74M households pay zero income tax. How do we lower their taxes? Erase medicare & social security taxes. But that turns those into welfare
y'all are just tax and spend liberals, that's what is shameful. 35% under Obama for businesses, BRILLIANT!! smh
The top 1% employee the vast majority of American workers. I think your 80% number is skewed. Just a little exaggeration there.
Um...why did CEOs of Ins. Companies making 6 digit incomes a month get a bill passed to keep their earning from the general public?
Do you understand who employs people??? I swear you people are intentionally stupid to how economics works. Do you really think the American public is this stupid to believe your nonsense? #capitalism
Not surprised sorry to say.
Lol democrats = socialists
Obviously you like redistribution of wealth. I never was given a job by a poor man.
And yet they want more!
NOT just a leg up? 2% are standing on the shoulders of 98%! NOW, GOP wants US to let them climb on top of our HEADS! Just say NO!
Of course the GOP rejected it. They're the ones who profit most.
@GOP Don't you have just a slight conflict of interest? The tax cuts you are proposing are going to the wealthy = YOU!
Shame on the GOP!
It seems like something happened back in 1776 to stop crap like this.
GOP owe their donors.  They don't care who they hurt...as long as they gain access to the $$$$
Yeah, I think we should discourage achievement and success too!! Money grows on trees and those who make it should be punished!
Go against their bosses donations! How could they do that.
And @GOP is peeing all over us
You've been in office for almost two decades. All you've done is raise taxes and the debt. I have zero confidence in your budgeting prowess.
Only the rich pay taxes. You can't give a tax cut without giving it to 'the rich'.
What do you call rich?
Senator u r well aware that other components of bill got senators to reject. Be truthful is it that hard for u?
This is the same democrat defense against tax cuts every time it comes up. Old...incorrect message!
That’s why they pushed for the crooked lying traitor.
Vote them out
Shameful are these pathetic games being played by Democrats. “The 1%, wahhhhhhh.”
I'll trade income with you. And then we'll see who's crying!
How many bills Sanders "co-signed" have passed?
The “wealthy” working class is paying the all the taxes. Your arguments are hollow
#shameful It was a common sense approach.
No surprise. We knew they signed Mephistopheles' contracts long ago. They'll now need to start looking for another job. Grrrrrrr.
Almost sound like you are surprised? You need on working to impeach this squatter and then get some real shit done.
Trump wants to MAGA, so let's return to the post WW-II top tax rate of 91%. When the ultra-rich pays MORE, the middle class will flourish.
Yeah GOP are the wealthy that’s why and they don’t share! As proven by the trickle down economy they’ve been pushing for more than 30 years!
the thing that you omit is who actually pays tax.  How can your tax get lower than zero? #fraud
Fuck Republicans!
@SpeakerRyan is a disgraced man who lies like @realDonaldTrump. @SenateMajLdr is washed up and trying to save himself by selling himself
You got @RepTomMarino & @MarshaBlackburn out selling their office to #Drug Companies to fuel the #OpiodCrisis and all @VA_GOP @EdWGillespie
Over at the @NRA HQ picking up checks  - the @GOP is the party of hate and elitism
#NeverDJTHRC #Inequality #WhatHappened "Radical Empathy" Hillary wants credit for paying IncomeTax—how much deserved
Of course they did!  That's the whole point of the tax reform!
more reason to revamp the system and do away with all forms of currency.


#NeverDJTHRC #Inequality Who Benefits From Trump Tax Reform? One Percenters—Hillary Clinton amassed a lot of wealth
@People4Bernie @SenSanders Corrupt capitalism. Corrupt politicians. Corrupt congress. When it will end???
Well now they have to admit it wasn't about tax reform for the country just More for the Rich
Ok @GOP  that's it. Ur done
GOP= Greedy Oligarchs' Party. Look at Princeton study by Gilens & Page. Ordinary Americans have the input of 'random noise'
Both legs and their noses
The GOP are thieves stealing from those they should protect. America cannot rely on the amoral republicans #peopleoverprofits
Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I don’t believe pols much, especially the ones under  Schumer.
Got your 3 million net worth got to be sure no one else achieves wealth.
Did the same amendment oppose the Medicaid cuts, or did he put that in a different amendment?
They know their trough sloppers
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr we see your plan, let the rich get richer while signing #DeathWarrants on the poor by destroying their #Healthcare
@SenateGOP again shows their true colors by rejecting @SenSanders amndmt & voting to allow the rich to get richer & the poor to get poorer.
Huh?
Bernie wants to break their legs for not moving fast enough
the 1% already pay most of the taxes and are carrying the rest of us on their backs.
Bull.
Who pays most Taxes? 

Are they no American citizens?

Make it fair and balanced. 
Everyone shall have #TaxCut 

#FinancialDiscrimination
Why do you want to punish success. That is Capitalism
I'm all for Capitalism but we don't have it in America. Corp Favorsand subsidies  from Govt isnt Capitalism that's Fascism
By their own making. Land of opportunity, not the land of hand outs!
How is this surprising to you? At all?
Was this a vote or just GOP leadership not allowing it to be voted on?
America now totally controlled by big money, which pays big money to media to keep voters uninformed of issues.
I'm glad you know that. You should be screaming it everyday in the senate.
Of course. They're terrible people.
Good another move AGAINST Socialism
REALLY! Did u think the GOP actually workd for U & ME.
Is the orange POTUS part of the 1%? I'm willing to bet he is.
Of course
Shocking
I haven't seen a tax cut in my lifetime that has hit my wallet directly.  #talkischeap
WTF.
Kudos to him for trying though!
They do not care about the American people.  This is one gigantic money grab while they still have the power.
The GOP must be voted out.
Jeff we want the tax cuts no more Democrat BS about it only being for the wealthy. The news is out that it's good for middle class.
Desperate to be heard here as an Oregonian! OR leaders aren’t even pretending to listen. Just keep pushing YOUR own agendas.@OregonGovBrown
hmmm nobody is more richer,than our law makers in Washington, and they have more time off, hardlywork at all.
let's also not give any to senators with 3 houses, that have gotten rich from 30 years in public service.
Good for them since I'm pretty sure it's illegal
Greed will always be wrong.
The taxman is greedy and is never satisfied
I work directly for a billionaire - no raise for over 3 years as he gets wealthier - tired of being 'trickled on'.
@realDonaldTrump loves getting trickled on, gold is his favorite color
Say it ain’t so,
All greedy bastards. Of course they rejected it - it’d affect them and their bank accounts!  sheesh.
And if we don't feel their boots on our necks, we must be braindead already.
Tax reform for all jeffy. The rich ones you should be worried about are actually the .00000000001%.
Trickle down justifications incoming
The wealthy create jobs
@GOP you are very responsible for what happens to the economy & health insurance markets moving forward. No backtracking, no blaming others
.@SenSanders is a reject.  So no surprise.
Sorry you're so hateful. I suppose you're a neoliberal that hates the average American.
