Man...he is trying really hard. But we know he's doing because he wants to run for POTUS in '20. #fakeoutrage
If some of these people get on board for politically selfish reasons, I'll take it, but that doesn't mean I trust them to stay on board yet.
I don't trust them at all. Especially when they put political reasons ahead of doing the right thing for the country. Which most of them do.
Until we can get rid of them, it does help if they're cooperative. I believe they may well be playing numbers games on allowing cosponsors.
Let's b real, they're doing this because they know it won't hurt them NOW with their donors. When it counts they won't show up.
You are most likely correct. But house and senate seats come up for grabs regularly. Short term, fake cooperation. Long term, for-real reps.
Booker used a lot of CODE WORDS that said insurance companies & Big Pharma would be involved in HIS plans
So did Kirsten Gillibrand & Kamala Harris!
Bernie did not look pleased in this clip – do you think he smells a rat in all of this?
I addressed that here because we heard the code work from the establishment dems!
Keep up the fight – it'll be well worth it! Solidarity from the UK 
We are trying to get what the UK has had since what '72?
The NHS was actually founded in 1948  But you're right, even JFK spoke about the US is lagging behind Europe w/ regards to healthcare.
Damn we are even further behind than I thought.
I hope USA gets medicare for all. The peace of mind we in Canada is priceless I don't know how Americans afford the insurance premiums
Then please tell us why everyone  comes to the U.S for health care when their system fails
that's a lie and it has been proven You got sucked in to believing propaganda from special interests big pharma insurance companies and gop
Well senator Booker said he doesn't take their money anymore because he has enough.  Politicians always tell the truth. Thanks
file:///C:/Users/fran/Desktop/Canada's%20Healthcare%20System%20Explained!%20-%20YouTube.html  
PLEASE WATCH AND LEARN PHIL
That's because we have so many mean-spirited people with top money FHA 30-year mortgages Wall Street Bankers who want to take our homes
Even in underdeveloped Turkey, as a foreigner, I paid only $230 for an ambulance and two emergency room visits. Americans deserve this too.
Thank you for standing for America!  Healthcare for all matters! A healthy America matters!
I agree
Socialized medicine will separate the rich from the poor even further. People don't even see it coming
yes I think a 60% cut in pay to our politicians and stop illegal immigration should about pay for it
No wall would pay for it....or .5% tax....how much do people spend now for premiums....it aint .5 % of their income thats for damn sure
no putting up a wall would pay for it
#amen
You are not wanting the US to take care of their people.  You want them to take care of all of the other countries people.
Why did you vote against < cost script meds+aga Medicare negotiating <cost for avg Americans? Excuse=uncertain sources=CANADA is just fine
Problem is...you don't just want to take care of all of our people (citizens) you want to take care of the illegal immigrants as well....
No,but you can vote against cheaper meds for us,trying to set the stage for a run?Forget it,you blew it when you sold us out f Bigpharma
I don't want to criticize him for saying good things, but I'd feel better if we could zap his nuts every time his votes contradict this. 
We shouldn't be afraid to discuss this proposal on the table.
The Skinner Political Responsiveness Protocol.
Haha. America, the supposed shining city upon the hill... that isn't.
You ignorant, people on Medicare pay monthly for their Medicare, I know people on Obamacare that pay less
Once again blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah bullshit!!!!    Fred
It's almost like we're slaves for this damn country. We already pay taxes, the least they can do is give us free insurance.
And when they need a specialist they all come here. Please reserch on your own before spout influential propaganda. Your better than that
Mate I lived in Texas where Texans would hop the border to get their shit done in Mexico. Calm down.
Right now I pay $6,000 a year for a policy with a $3,000 deductible. If they pass this I will be paying $14,000 a year in taxes. Questions?
140 chars isn't enough to explain why americas version of single payer/universal healthcare is shit. It's all sides fault.
And he keeps taking big Pharma money. Such a disappointment... I had big hopes for him. He's just another paid for Senator....
Wrong. I do not take big pharma money anymore. And
As long as @CoryBooker keeps this up, I will support and welcome him to not only the #Resistance, but also the #Revolution. Don't Uturn Plz!
As long as it's true and based in integrity, I'll be thrilled and a supporter.
U seem 2 forget Gov control or sponsored HC is the worst service provided 4 PPL!Countries that have this system is corrupt no quality care!
You are 100% wrong.
My Mom had to come to the US for a procedure we paid for! The waiting list was 2 years for surgery in Costa Rica! Don't tell me 100% wrong!
I am MUSLIM
Buddhist kill me in Burma, 
Christian in Afghanistan, 
Hindu in kashmir, 
Jewish in Palestine & Still I Am Terrorists..???
Why??
He talks a good game!  He's just riding the Bernie express to insure he gets credit for being onboard.  Pathetic.
you're not wrong but at this point any support is needed
Bernie's been getting support, but now that it's presented there will be much more.  Hopefully some will cross the aisle and support.
#MedicareForAll Victoria Rn and I agree @ACLU Lawfirm
Corey is the same guy who has no viable plan and supported the hazardous sanders bill. They didn't even have financing details
He was able to sit pretty well just a few months ago when he voted Nay on imported drugs from Canada. Grandstanding for 2018 and 2020.
He voted against getting drugs from Canada cheaper  also donated 20g to menendez's legal fund who was stealing from Medicare.
If you want universal health care in a socialistic world, MOVE THERE!!!!!!!!!
Wow...what a phony! You can tell when he's lying by how big he opens his eyes. The bigger the eyes the bigger the lies!
Oh yeah not 4 free. Sweden-65% fed tax rate. GB & Canada-horrible wait times and doctors. I have spoken to those under it; they hate it.
Just think about how many who is falling between the seats when you don’t have a universal healthcare system. it’s devastating 
Do you have a link to this so I can post it on another site?
Cory Booker has been able to allow mediocre health care in the US for years/ not allow cheaper meds from CDN
Include how much this will cost.  People think it will be free, and have no idea what Europeans tax rates look like
Nothing is free.  I'm not exaggerating when I say in GB you probably wouldn't have a hip replacement yet.  You would be in line.
Australians pay 2%of their taxable income to fund medicare. Everyone in Australia has access to the public system.
What did Cory do in Newark? Where did that facebook money disappear to?
#BoycottFB
Amen!
Sit on this: https://twitter.com/jaydabf/status/908505965623939072 …
Why the GOP r perfectly happy at F'K'ing over the 99% of Hard-Working American families. "No remorse for People when Profits are the Prize."
Why's @CoryBooker always wear a WrestleMania face?
Noble yeah right looooooooooloool

What are the wait list stats for healthcare in these countries?
So you're saying rejoin the British commonwealth?
hate to say it, but if Cory's supporting MFA, it's likely to be vaporware
True, but his "brand" might apply pressure - I must have felt a vague blip of optimism - gone now
I'm at the end of my life, which was good, prosperous, challenged and fruitful...I have a one child! And I'm BLACK.....
Bravo!! I stand with you....common sense over nonsense!! We need a single payer, all covered HC system,   similar to the rest of the world!
And Scotland .  A friend just visited and fell.  She received free care, medicine and a cane when she was discharged.
Booker is a joke. Blows in the breeze with whatever hot topic will garner him votes #fakeoutrage
Um, believe you are the fake... bot 
@CoryBooker for President man that sounds good!
Yes.
You're on the empty promises bandwagon. I have one possible left. Joe Kennedy.
You are deceived by profiteering health insurance propaganda. Universal healthcare is possible, economical, moral. 
#EndtheInsuranceScam
It's the left version of repeal and replace of Obamacare. A lot of talk.
Liberty: The state of being free within society from oppressive restrictions imposed by authority on one's way of life, behavior etc
Speak
This country of love and empathy...and guns and God. I think you are mistaking. You guys have a lot of progress to do.
He's misjudged England.
Yes!!!!
