McConnell is Unconstitutional- taking healthcare from people violates our life, liberty, and pursuit of happiness.
No, it doesn't. You still have access to healthcare even if it isn't even socialized.
Yes it is unconstitutional. the Cure is #medicareforALL, as public schools for ALL children.
Jesus you people really do not understand how any of this really works do you. We the people do not want big government in our lives.
If you, your children enjoy public libraries, parks, schools and libraries, roads, that is SOCIALIZED my friend and your SOCIAL SECURITY.
You named libraries, roads and social security twice already . Public schooling and S.S are terrible. Parks and libraries are ok
I guess u won't participate in social security or healthcare for seniors   I hope u never need help in ur life
Hell no I don't want to pay for other people's crap. They should invested and planned like I am doing right now when they were young.
Bernie Listen... HEALTHCARE ISNT A RIGHT!
For profit healthcare dose not work anywhere on the planet. Some services are not to be provided for $$$ that's why we have a goverment
Services such as???
Healthcare, education, shelter, basic food, clean water. Sadly, some people care more about making money than other people.
Healthcare can be provided by for profit. So is education, ever heard of private schools? Basic food/H2O is too gov't doesn't control that
The sad part is you don't realize the structure of economics and how when you create for profit incentives it increases innovation
And it lowers prices for the consumers ultimately providing goods and services the government never could.
Irony. You saying it's sad I don't understand "the structure of economics" when you don't understand the structure of necessities.
It's interesting she's teaming up with you now when she snubbed you in the Mass primaries.  She knows she can't win without you.
Just because you are with that liar I will not take part
Universal health care + universal basic income is the way forward. We need a vision for America's future that we can all get behind.
BUT....when White Collar folks start losing their Middle Class jobs in Massive Numbers, we'll see How The Cock Crows !!!
God bless you both. You are facing an uphill battle against an ignorant president
Idk How anyone can support #BURNie when he's one of the biggest political sell outs there is
Better than a scmuck Trump supporter like you.  I would rather support Martin Sheen for President than him.
Billions cannot buy #BURNie your right just one billionaire @georgesoros funds @MoveOn #BURNies whole campaign was smokescreen on voters
About time you guys got together!!! A Progressive Party Ticket next time?! Can always Allie with DNC when and as necessary.
It has become clear that even in a democratic republic there is no powerful advocate for human rights in gov. We cannot protect or defend.
Please help us!I can't afford anything less than the help I now get.I'm ill, old & I can't work.I need my meds/Dr. and can't pay.Scared!
The socialist nut and the lying Indian!
Whats your NEW Ideas and NEW Plans.Your @SenSchumer whining must stop we need to see work and  bills in progress with reeal action and Ideas
2 champions
you should had run better
you both are just going to lie and say it's tax cuts fir the wealthy
Oh Bernie please sit down and shut up. PLEASE
The face of the Democratic Party: old, senile, RICH white people. Thought that was the other bunch! MAGA!!!!
Why do you think we cannot protect or defend humanity?  Maybe because human life is not valued anywhere by our dominant gov., economics.
two losers lol imho
Yeah Bernie. Your supporters that shoot congressmen need shot care of some kind!
i like how jeremy corbyn is always listening yet bernie always seems to be shouting and pointing
Maybe Jeremy Corbyn hasn't dealt with as much cheating, that's why
2 morons  1 lying  the otherone telling his people to fight back
You o0
The progressive Democratic wing of the democratic party.
Government should have stayed out of health care insurance in the first place!  Now it's all messed up! Becuz of the likes of you!
"If you like your plan you can keep your plan"
Like Obamacare you egregious boob?!
Maybe we have to pass it first to see what's in it? I've heard that's been done before
she is a wolf in sheep's  clothing 
And you won't  tell us what is in your 2015 tax return. Sanctimonious  Bernie  at his finest. Nothing but a demagogue
Warren & Sanders fun for all. Pocohantas says Marxist speaks with forked tongue. Response: I will tax you of all your wampum! Fun for all! 
Well, that should certainly be entertaining :/
When did obama explain his??? I remember pelosi said it (Obamacare) had to be accepted to find out what's in it.
You both should fire whoever is in charge of your PR and social media teams.
The indian and the fake
Come and see them whine about trump
Did you not pass the ACA the same way...??? How short of memory do you guys have? u should be banned from twitter...pumping up ur wing nuts
see this is why emojis need left and right hands.
Same shit Dems pulled with Obama care! Or did u forget u senile old fart
kind of like obama' s Iran nuke deal - why r u politicians such crooks
So, two mentally unstable Senators are going to answer questions they self admittedly know nothing about. Sound like a plan. To lose 2020.
If you don't know what's in the bill how can you oppose it? Stop obstructing and go to work for the American people loser!
Nothing is better than the current ACA you voted for. I remind you if, the ACA is great why are you not using it?
Woooohoo! Awesome work this is one way how you can tune in to the people! Let's focus and together like one we can do marvelous things! 
Hey Bern! We have to pass it before we can see what's in it.  Isn't that how it works? 
So you two are going to answer questions about a plan you don't know anything about yet? Sounds about right.
Why don't both of you retire and stop exploiting the poor, anti-shower and uneducated people. #notfeelingthebern
People still use Facebook? Good Lord, time to brush of Myspace...
.@SenSanders Ask @SenWarren if she thinks the legal profession should have single-payer.

Single-payer for lawyers. The time has come.
nothing yet
...place and dreams
You two look like the poster children for unwanted SOCIALIST!  So how do you two idiots know what's in the bill if it's still a secret?
So how can you say that they are removing people fro healthcare if you don't know what in it? Sounds like grandstanding to me
This should be the democrats 2020 ticket.
Mr Sanders you are actually right we should know whats on the health care bill but democrat did the same w/Obamacare We must do whats right
Now there is a democratic ticket everyone could vote for.
What can individuals do to fight back against this bill?
Bernie, you do remember Nancy stating " we have to pass the bill so you can see what's in it" who are you guys trying to kid?
Jesus...go away LOSERS!! Your socialist agendas have failed.
Two frauds in the same spot!  One pretend old, disheveled Sociaist and one fake Native American.  Sign me up!
Is it fair I work 60 hrs a week and can't afford my Obamacare because I'm single and get no assistance and I have had 11 back operations
My deductible and premiums went through the roof!!!
Why ask you questions when you don't know what's in it. Maybe you need to vote for it then see what's in it. Sound familiar?? (Hint Pelosi)
Why don't you continue insulting Hillary Clinton?  Tired of doing it?  Now that you have destroyed God knows what, I am glad you are tired.
How has he insulted her?
@SenSanders, I hope @SenWarren has apologized for selling you out for the one who sold HER out & sees her grave error in not endorsing you.
Killer!
Ladies & gentlemen- I give you America's dream team! #Sanders-Warren
Did Republicans or Democrats know what was in Obamacare or did @NancyPelosi lie when she said we have to pass it to find out what's in it
Unlike how the ACA. was bullrushed?
If you don't know what's in the plan, how are you going to answer questions about it?
Could you pls show the American public where it states that Medicaid will be 'cut' if passed. Just a smaller increase than anticipated.
Can we ask questions about your 3 homes?
Crazy socialist Bernie and Pocahontas. Nice pair.
#Progressives
But you keep saying how horrible it is. So which is it?
Be there or you'll be bare (of health insurance)!
They don't have to because they (GOP) own our media.
Like Pocahontas and Coo-Coo Pelosi did with Barry Care, "we have to pass the bill to know what's in it", dirty hypocrites!!
My question is when are you gonna dump the independent label?
Please go thru republicans door interrupt and please Dems & Reps work together!!!!!
What a petty bs lie! Obviously not true at all. & wtf would it even matter? It certainly wouldn't change how monstrously bad #trumpcare is..
Great.  You're taking questions about something you know nothing about.

#StatusQuo for Liberals
Elizabeth Warren is a traitor. She choose Hillary over Bernie when it really mattered
My FELLOW Americans; we have had another questionable Republican win in a Primary election. Electoral College  mustGO
Ok heres 2 Q's 1 how on sen pay can you afford huge house's an why did warren claim falsely that she was indian decent ? 
WE LOVE YOU BERNIE
Bernie would drive this country into the ground. BUT the guy means well, can't take that from him.
Kind of like Pelosi who said " we have to vote for the bill to see what's in the bill". Amirite Burnie
Question (3 parts):  How many bureaucrats must I appease to see my Dr.

How many must my Dr. appease before treating me?

What cost 4 both?
You've been 100% wrong on EVERYTHING - and now you want to take our "questions" - let's think about this for a second
What good will that do? You will just lie. No healthcare plan will work until you fix the pharmaceutical debacle. None. Not even single pay
"We have to pass the bill to see what's in it" - remember this?
We are going to build the greatest wall and, I promise you, Russia will pay for it". What happened to that?
Thank you, Bernie
what can they really do about this
16 years VA med .record system worked on with poor results. President Trump revamped system in 5 months!
What will you each do to make sure @TheDemocrats stop wasting time/political capital on Russia nonsense, focus on healthcare & real issues?
If you want to know what's in it you'll have to pass it, right Nancy Pelosi?
Maybe the @GOP will throw death panels in like #Obamacare did
Why can't we have the same HC we provide u?
Why does congress exclude themself from our HC?
You can afford what we provide you.
Waiting on your apology for costing us millions of tax payers dollars thrown down the drain on FAKE Russian collusion investigation
And there was a federal government strike during Obama's administration, which cost U.S.A. Billions, because he wouldn't finalize a budget!
You have to vote on it first remember?
Should we tweet at Chief Warren or send up smoke signals?
you 2 make a great POTUS, VPOTUS!!
funny I don't remember u caring too much when u pass a bill without knowing what was in it and 0 Republican support.
government, doing it wrong because they suffer no consequences
The GOP AHCA provides a provision to remove the organs of the poor at the request of the wealthy. Prove me wrong. Give us the text.
You don't know so how could you answer questions
I heard starting tonight the Dems will be blocking the Senate from working on the bill further. Is this true? I hope so. This can't pass.
To use your failed Pres B.O words.
You can put lipstick and gold rings on a Baboon"
But you 2 are still Lib Baboons
This should have been the 2016 ticket
18 of 23 Obamacare Co-ops have failed at a cost of $1.9B to taxpayers
Bernie wants you to ignore facts
Question #1: Why did you support a criminal establishment politician like Hillary, instead of supporting @SenWarren?
My 1st 2: why does Bernie pay less in taxes than Trump? Why does Liz advocate for lower-cost education & accept $400K as payment for class?
Why did Trump have to pay a 25 million dollar  settlement for his phony college? Why did he bilk folks trying to better themselves?
Lib 101 rule number 1: Control the narrative.
Rule number 2. Expose the hypocrisy  of tea Party hacks
You need to work with Dems and not always divide
@SenSanders is far more forgiving than I am. @SenWarren is dead to me.
Why ask you guys if you don't know either? Just so you can lie to ppl?
How's that investigation going for your wife?
Wow 2 unhinged ding bats answering questions you know nothing about? Fuktards at its finest. Didnt Dems do the same thing? Yep!!!
What about @NancyPelosi saying u have to pass the bill to see what's in it. Ridiculous arguments
Great two whack jobs yelling at the same time. Can't wait. 
Guess we have to pass it to see what's in it. #hypocrisy
so if rep push a health bill its wrong but if dem do it, that makes it ok? (toxic mentality)
Where were you when #ObamaCare was behind #Closed #Doors? You #Democrats are such #LIARS & #Hypocrites! Oh yeah, not a #Dem #FeelTheBern
Remember when dems didn't know what was in obamacare 
Pelosi said "let's just pass it and then we'll see what's in it"
Yes I do remember#killers don't
if the word got out that some GOP members were meeting with Dems to create a proper reform bill for ACA. Kills AHCA
"We have to pass the bill so you can find out what's in it" was not said by a Republican.
Funny how you're not interested in seeing a bill that would affect you
U know the whole world just wants u two to run together! 
Hillary Already Betrayed You With @SenWarren Full Blessing And Help
Thank you 
"We have to go ahead and pass the bill to find out what's in the bill"
Maybe they have to pass it so they can find out what's in it. Sound familiar?
IT IS TIME FOR the Dems & independents to start recruiting GOP members to start the reform effort.. Be Proactive now!

America would be safer if Bernie Sanders would retire his mouth
A Socialist ass grab.
So if you don't know what's in the Rep healthcare plan, how can you say it's going to be bad or hurt ppl? 
Like the GOP had input on Obamacare. The Dems didn't were in the dark and it passed.
Pelosi - We have to pass it to find out what's in it. Fact check
Why isn't the primary winner joining you?
Let the ACA collapse and don't replace it with anything! We have Medicaid for the poor.
Kinda like we had to pass Husseincare to see what was in it, as Grueppenfuehrer Nancy Mussolini of San Fransicko told us all 8 years ago.
You didn't either, remember that?!
I simply do not understand why or how they can be doing this.
your fanatic followers keep shooting republicans so stop the hate!
Could you also stream this on Twitter? Thanks.
Remember when libs like you were behind locked doors writing the ACA and passed it in the dead of night on Christmas Eve??  Wow, be honest
Like we are going to believe your spin on it.
It has gotten to the point where I can hear Bernie's voice in my head as I read his tweets. I don't know how I feel about it.
