I cannot in good conscience vote for Graham-Cassidy. A bill impacting so many lives deserves a bipartisan approach. http://bit.ly/2xtEuvz  
Bernie you nees to kill it in the debate Monday. Be prepared.
Yeah, let's get the Democrats communist style crappy singlepayer.Ask the vets how they like the VA.That's what Dems want & exempt themselves
Even the crappy service at the VA would be better than having nothing
We pay here in Canada. Its not perfect but we all have coverage. In US all pay there should be better coverage.
What exactly is it you don't like about single-payer idea
We all need some kind of help from a collective government, I need health care as much as the people in Florida and Texas need help
Conscience has nothing to do with it Comrade Sanders. McCain is biting his nose off to spite his face. He hates the POTUS. Nothing more.
Poor excuse of a healthcare bill which dumps money and problem on states with no solution in sight! A bad bill is no excuse to vote for it!
By "dumping" money and problems (whatever that supposed to mean) empowers the states....AS IT SHOULD BE.
Someone doesn't understand the difference between federalism and a confederation...
Someone doesn't understand the need for good affordable healthcare either!
Someone understands perfectly that before Obama care my insurance via a major corporate group plan was reasonable. Huge increases yearly.
I'm guessing yr completely against single payer. And don't tell me I don't know about premiums. #cancersurvivor
I wouldn't doubt he is. Saving money is only good when I can do it the way I want is probably the defense. IDK I'd like free medicine.
@JeffFlake @SenFlakeStaff needs to learn from @SenJohnMcCain & vote FOR Arizonans #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
He's getting Kimmel ed so hard, but prolly thinks it's a joke n
Senator Sanders, can you work with John McCain to create a better bill? i'm european and it breakes my heart you don't have the same luxury
So move
i don't live in america. sorry.
Good
Usual insults from those who no nothing about this great country!
Lol
What do you do for mine?! I do nothing for you as you dont do for me. Your white ass is american thanks to my country. We were the 1st
To sail the sees. I do as much for your country as you do. Nothing. You complain and say no to everything. Americans reject everything from
@SenJohnMcCain Thank you for doing the right thing. Voting for the people and not your friend is the right thing to do
Will never cave to Socialism. Go back to Russia for a second honeymoon.
Yes,  thank you #JohnMcCain for promoting #ISIS in #Syria & #nazis in #Ukraine! 
One dark consciousness is praising another... Great!  
Alt-right Greeks strike again.
He the last of the bohigins great senator God bless him @SenJohnMcCain  @SenSanders.
All the other republicans response to that statement was good conscience what's that?
I agree with you Bernie!! If only John was sitting the the WH instead of this despicable steamy hot mess.
Cancel the Monday debate Bernie. Now is not the time to debate single payer! YOU are not a Dem! YOU do not have the right to represent us!
Debate single payer once Graham Cassidy is destroyed! But not this week. Shit or get off the pot! Either join our party or act Independent!
It's my party too and I'm glad we have Sanders leading it.
He has no business leading a party he refuses to join!
If the Dems had a leader we wouldn't need him. But we don't, and we do.
$64K Q: Why don't you instead focus on the Iranian Nuke deal pointing at Israel & US - its pitentially worse than 9/11 and the Holocaust?
Pitentially? Wow. 
Also. Read the damn treatise. I mean. You can't write. So just read it. Iran has followed it emphatically.
Once again, John McCain proves he is the hero this country can look up to.
How the hell can one become old and not become smart.....what an embarrassment
I agree , how can trump be that dumb?
hero
All I'm trying to do is preserve the human spirit which is being decimated by the GOP.
You don't have the right to vote on the health care bill. You're not mentally stable.  Have an appointed stand in vote in your place.
Funny, you and the Dems didn’t care about bipartisanship a few year ago.
People w disabilities need healthcare for 2018! #ACA They are fighting for their lives! @MarkRuffalo @BernieSanders only for #Applewatchbros
Independent is actually a party?
I demand US exit UN.
hi my name is tatiana wright and I demand the US exit the UN
laughable, and she is till going on. She was "elected" ya know. LOL
The dems will not vote to repeal Obamacare and replace it with anything even if it's better!
Change parties and show your true colors
Why don't you go ahead and officially join the Democratic Party @SenJohnMcCain @SenateGOP
...Thank you for being a rational & compassionate human @SenJohnMcCain.Needed in politics!
Bernie I can't afford my Dr bills anymore.. Can you pay them for me, you have the money please pay them.
I’ll pay them. I’ll do whatever  it’s takes to take care of people.
.@SenJohnMcCain do you really care about healthcare? Or is this about resisting the .@POTUS 
Sincerely, the American people.
Senator McCain, the democrats will vote no regardless of what is in the bill!
I will second that emotion
#DNCFraudLawsuit Your silence is unacceptable and insures fraud in future elections.  #SpeakUpBernie
So start ur own party and leave us mere mortals wallowing in the compromise and filth of the real world. We'll thank u when u save the world
You're willing to accept the Corporate Puppets as representatives, and charade elections? SHAME ON YOU!  You, and your ilk, gave us TRUMP.
Too bad you don't have a brain Bernie
John Mcaine ... a true hero. A man who shows compassion, has a conscious and is true to his words .
John McCain is no longer a Republican. He only votes with Democrats. Shame on John McCain.
Does it take conscience to fraudulently gain a loan?  Or be bought out by your opponent?  You're the last one to know about conscience.
Thank you Senator McCain for having the courage to stand up to Trump, who is nothing but a bully
Sad state of US senate when it is John Macaine that saves the day
McCain is a traitor for helping to cover up POWs that we're left behind in Vietnam! Do some research. McCain only cares about himself!
Horrific. #Rohingya women showing up w bruising on bodies, bite marks on their breasts & genitals
Disturbing but important story by @AFP's @clairecoz, reporting from refugee camps in Cox's Bazar https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/37204578/gang-rape-horrors-haunt-rohingya-refugees/?cmp=st … #Rohingya #Myanmar
This is what all our elected officials should stand for. People before Party. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
@SenJohnMcCain doesn’t have a conscience. #Songbird the #Traitor #TraitorMcCain
Good Luck in tomorrow's debate, and crush corporate welfare while your got your boxing gloves on
How much are you worth now bernie? 270 million? Give up your insurance and navigate the crap you want the rest of us to have!
BUT NOOOOO INSTEAD WE GOT THE CHEETO.
Fantastic wish our legislature would behave in similar manner
Mr Babagana, we have a long way to go
John McCain was and always be a traitor to America and its people. He's lucky his Daddy was a Admiral!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
A man who cares about the American people
Once again a true American hero.
THANK YOU @SenJohnMcCain!! You did right by supporting the people of the USA by voting NO on the Graham-Cassidy atrocious health bill. 
Ok get it fucking done man
Bernie has the conscience to promote a Venezuela healthcare system to the U.S.
Why are you guys doing this to us? How much money does it take for you guys to just leave us alone? Aren't you afraid of going to hell? I am
Stop stealing from hard working Americans to bribe voters.
Johnnie's getting premium care at Mayo Clinic while the rest of the citizens are paying high premiums for insurance they can't use!
The top 10% of income earners pay over 70% of income tax. Socialism fails where ever implemented.
Said the demented to the brain dead
Sociaism is immoral. It steals from hard working productive people to give it to those that have failed.
Socialism is a disease. Bernie attempting to by votes with other peoples money.
You and @SenJohnMcCain give me hope.
Mr. Badder I have an article that I would be honored if you read. Is there a way to get it to you? This is a legit request.
THRUTH IS.. MC CAIN HAS THE SAME CONCIENCE AS YOU. DEPLORABKE AND DECEPTIVE. You can keep your doctor... your premiums will go down.. etc..
Conscience he is a war traitor who sold his brothers out for his own life he sleeps with nightmares not of torture but of who he betrayed
McCain should know non of liberals including U will vote for it so why is he want to have by partition approval?  He's also crazy like YOU!
@SenJohnMcCain so his reason for not supporting it is became its not bipartisan? Assanine
I heard today he was always voted the other way.  Sounds like a revenge vote against Trump.
John Mccain puts America ahead of party!
This guy is truly an American hero, by voting down this bill he is actually saving the lives millions of Americans
Like the bipartisan approach to the obamacare scandal?  No thanks. I dont trust Libs or Rinos
All this talk of doing it BI is going to make Pence very mad. #MakeAmericaStraightAgain
John McCain proves once again he's a rhino. He's as much of a socialist as you Bernie
Why doesn't McCain just join the demon-cratic party? A republican he ain't.  Go back to the home McCain, your depends need changing.
Close friend loved Obamacare at first. Now CANNOT AFFORD PREMIUMS & DEDUCTIBLES so she's going to go without insurance. What about you, JM?
Ah, yes, such as Obamacare? You have to read to know what's in it?  Give me a break.The only interest the Dems gave are to bandaid Obamacare
You know Senator, if the rest of them had 1/8 the heart as you, this bill would have never came up 1/2 a heart and single payer would pass
Amen!
He wasn’t a coward when he went to war he wasn’t a coward when he became a POW and he’s not now as he stands up 4 healthcare for all
Bless your understanding heart.
So much hate, so little sense.  Lucky for u, Bernie struggles for us all.  In the end, Progressives win.  U can visit POTUS and son in jail.
Why compromise with authoritarians like you though?
Here, here! McCain is the only honest man in the GOP left.. and two women!

Thanks to both of you. "Bipartisan" very difficult and not always good. But for something to last (like this) must be.
As I John McCain am the swamp.
John McCain did it! He has the best health care. Maybe, that influenced him.
You Bernie should have stood by the ACA an improving than to try to go all the way back to square one.. you are no help , shut up
Bernie Sanders you are an amazing person I stand with you keep up the great work
Bernie - NEWS FLASH
If you're "for something" it can't possibly be a good thing!!!
Alexander Fraser Tytler... Bernie you are just a repeat of history who will destroy Democracy!!!!
Lets not discuss the failure of ObamaCare which passed with 60 democrat votes   (No Republicans)
YEAH BERNIE, LET'S PUT AN END 2 GOP attempt TO birth SARAH PALIN"S DEATH CAMP FANTASY TO LIFE
Please fix the problems with the current system.  Citizens need access to affordable, effective, quality health care.
Thank you, Senator  McCain, for doing the right thing, for showing moral courage.
McCain & Sanders feign support for American Healthcare but Globally support death & starvation of Middle Eastern Innocents. Hypocrites.
Don't debate them Bernie!
 War criminals never deserve a 'thank you'
You set the bar for Republicans embarrassingly low Bernie.
Thanks for telling the GOP establishment what should be common sense!
You Socialist ways are so discredited. Do you have any understanding of history? What does the government administer well???? NOTHING!
As did Obamacare.
Yeah John just love them communist socialist racist KKK creating Democrats you've always been on their side. Go home stay away from Congress
Why did you #optout of #Obamacare ???? You and @SenJohnMcCain both opted out !! @POTUS make them use #Obamacare #doublestandards
And what happens when OCare explodes?  Crickets.
Dems dont care about people Obama give more favorites to CA n NY CH he did not care about other states Big Gov like communist love Castro
Why dont u move to Venezuela your Narnia we all hope Trump stop your health care paid by taxpayers n give u OCare good luck traitors
There seems to be a pandemic of conscience killing legislation.
It isnt a vote for medicare Bozo
Exactly!
Bernie. You are a delusional fool when it comes to Healthcare. McCain is a warped individual and should retire.
Typical rhino
@KResearcher @KENYAPARLIAMENT : this sounds like a maxim to think about
Just a couple of Mavericks who still have a conscience.
Good and decent man!
At least that's what he is SAYING. Let's see what he DOES.
We need congress to impeach 45
I have been saying for over 10 years that McCain hates America & Americans & now he proves that
Can I amend that? "You have a conscience." Full stop.
Bernie a free loader
And we wish you'd defer your single payer debate until after graham Cassidy is dead
#Consciencious #BankRobber! 
oh brother! two without a conscience!!
Conscience? Like the Ponzi scheme you and your wife were running? Lol
Cancel the debate...NOW!!! Fight the Graham Cassidy bill instead...PLEASE!!!
What John McCain has is a big fat donation from George Soro's.  Politicians can be bought, and he's a great example of how well that works!
@SenJohnMcCain conscience is good start. Now we need rest of @SenateGOP to grow a spine. U are equal branch. Stop being a toady and govern!
A snake in the grass. It will slither up when least expected 
Finish this war against Cassidy-Graham defeat 1st
Then fight for yours PLEASE
Corruption looms in the Senate
McCain bails out again. Great War hero, hideous political weakling. Arizona with 100+% premium increases. So pathetic.
I never miss you, Bernie. You are constantly spouting off all kinds of rhetoric because you hate Trump plain and simple.
Rat
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for having a conscience that will SAY NO to those who bully our American healthcare system.
.@SenSanders Time to chat with @lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins too.
Where is the women in WH who said she is against bulling ? Her son is on line watch ing this.. She won't speak against this bullying
TRUE AMERICAN HEROES 
So come up with a better plan than Senator Sanders for healthcare. One that’s affordable for all.
I have no idea why John McCain changed his mind the last minute because he was originally for the health care Bill. Acting like a Democrat.
Mccain, just switch parties and be done with it.
Vomit 
Mental crazy McCain.  No one will get healthcare if all the cheats & illegals & pre-existing patients all get free healthcare.
He has a conscience?
@SenJohnMcCain I say all republicans should get brain cancer, so they will do what's right
Look out for that psycho Rand Paul.
John McCain created ISIS! Bernie makes me vomit! Fuckin disgusting! All terrorists, including Bernie Sanders! Socialism is terrorism!
Eyeroll
@SenJohnMcCain Good for you Senator McCain.
Stay home Monday. The GOP doesn't need your help.
