Socialism does not offer anything of value to citizens of The U. S. or any country. Venezuela, your model, has collapsed. Wake Up America!
I do hope you don't make use of those taxpayer funded roads, because... you know... socialism!
Venezuela is being disrupted directly by the CIA. Their turmoil is a direct result of foreign meddling. Scandinavia seems ok though, no?
Thats because Scandinavia doesn't have the richest oil reserves in the world. Venezuela does.
When is the left going to say that socialism doesn't work.
Capitalism has failed the world over. What do you suggest, bub?
Not as badly as socialism and their twin brother communism. Capitalism is why star wars was created.
The Republicans have the House and the Senate, the American people AND the Democratic party strongly rejected him.  Powerless.
When you're a socialist, you get Gold Medals just for trying.  We live in a Meritocracy, sweetheart.  Always have and always will
Of course it does and of course we do.  I have an amazing job because of my education and because I am very good at what I do.  And yes...
Are u kidding? Look at what you Bernie bros and hos did! You are all basically trumpers disguised as " progressives" YOU RLECTED TRUMP...
Tell that to the Cubans and Venezuelans... how great has that worked! Making promises you can't keep & don't work! #socialism is destructive
How about you try and talk to the fins or the swedes or the Danes? There it's working and pretty well too
Then by all means go live there and take all the socialists in this country with you! #MAGA
No sir, America is already socialist. Social security , Medicaire, Medicaid, the military... Just to name a few
He's independent
He is soo right on. Health care should never be a for profit industry.
Cullen ..I have worked for both. You are wrong.
Text Bernie! You are a walking saint!!!
Stop harping on single payer. Fix the ACA now and expand Medicaid. Work on jobs, climate change.
The ACA is not a solution, it still keeps the biggest part of the problem , private insurance
The ACA type, if fixed, works for the Dutch. Converting to single payer now too disruptive.
Read this article and give me your opinion, I disagree with the Dutch claims about competition
Just sent you 2 other articles The Dutch system may not be perfect but to switch to single payer here would cause a war.
They are indeed denied entry Cullen.
Gobble that dick
And the money....right Bernie...the nation is in a 20 trillion dollar hole thanks to you and your peers...don't think we don't know...
You mean the countries in the hole cuz of gop deregulation and fake wars. Economy will crash again, because that's what the GOP does.
And next to the words "Marxist" and "crackpot"
Our right to health care is in our Bill of Rights..a right to LIFE, liberty and the pusuit of happiness. Y is this a legislative issue? It should be tried in the Supreme Court
Comb your fuckin hair
Actually all of these countries use some form or another of SP, mainly getting rid of the for profit motive
. I grew up Senator Sanders, thinking that the United States of America, is a country that has learned from the mistakes of the past and is
#2) a country that "ALL" its citizens can be proud of.  USA have put rules & demands on other countries, when it comes to how they treat
#3) their citizens as if the United States is so "GODLY" that none of its citizens have any problems in how politicians use laws to hinder
#4) & hurt AMERICAN citizens, especially if you're female or a person who skin color isn't white or a religion or culture>racist politicians
#5)who find ways to stop you from entering into this country as if AMERICA is only meant for them & their families, & their group of people.
#6) @SenSanders @NancyPelosi @SenWarren @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @repjohnlewis @BilldeBlasio & @MaxineWaters ...  I was "SHOCK" learning
#7) how the so called  "GODLY PPL OF AMERICA" treats its ppl even today.  "CORPORATE WELFARE" is 1 ex. & this is too>
#8)@MinnieBellW @Willis_Hubbard_ @GodsWordIsFree @ERMA_____ @SuperckookLarry @bannerite @LewisCo86458825 @DanteB4u @Fieryreddragon @JWaReesS
I agree, but what happens to the funds people have  paid into Medicare for years/decades? Do we get tax breaks or rebates? #FAIRMEDICARE4ALL
That's like saying don't make college free for all because some of us me included had to pay for ours. That's a very self-absorbed attitude.
False comparison. College is a choice; cancer isn't. Nonetheless, you should be able to deduct your college expenses on future tax returns.
Sorry, I can't hear you over all the cries of people being deported.
United States citizens are being deported?
Just think of them as fetuses being aborted and it might make you feel better.
I'm pro choice so not a good argument. Immigration and world population are really environmental concerns.  I also support fixing ACA.
I'm speaking of illegal immigration.
@SenSanders you are on the right side of history fighting for economic justice! We need an economic bill of rights with healthcare for all!
We need #SinglePayer now!
So how is that working out for Venezuela. #Socialism worked well for Union of Soviet Socialist Republic right. #SocialismSucks.
As a counter argument, I give you Finland, Sweden, and Norway
Norway and Sweeden are Unitary Parliamentary Constitutional Monarchies and Finland is a semi presidential republic with parliament, nice try
Bernie if you like the Canadian healthcare system so much then I will gladly buy you a one-way ticket to a province of your choosing.
Ryan- do you know what you are talking about?
The question is do you know what I am talking about?  If you did then you wouldn't ask silly questions, would you?
Start old fashioned medicade
This cartoon depicts US health care via Fortune 500 insurance companies protected by their greedy entitled republican guardians
A worthy challenge. To take it on Ds have to unite enough to win majorities. Your talk of primary challenges and litmus tests divides us.
This is why we support #Bernie. @OurRevolution is mobilizing the political will to make #MedicareForAll a reality. #People before profit.
We did it before we can do it again we stand together we win together that simple an that hard#WeThePeople stand side by side
You're so fucking adorable, bernie! I just wanna pet that cloud you call your hair!
Hey Bernie, there are no Human rights. We all are created to live by the chooses we make. Will your wisdom ever kick in ?
Never mind the money.
Agree!
Looks like the only thing you run for is healthcare for everyone!
Are you going to pay the $3,200,000,000,000.00 minimum that it would cost America? Tell the truth socialist.
nothing free buddy.  who's paying? how much tx did ur daugher pay on this?https://twitter.com/peddoc63/status/894873199929896960 …
You are such a welcome relief in this political madness sir!
Well Bernie. Everyone has a right. You just have to pay for it. It is not free. It is available. Force insurance companies to participate.
That's exactly what SP is, you pay in taxes instead of insurance premiums
Dems had their opportunity & failed miserably creating the mess you ignore but seek to fix
That's not an excuse he was and always is for Medicare for all , it's the only way to run the healthcare sector
not a right, but nice to have, let me know how obamacare works out of the PRES. put all of you under it
We really need to encourage Americans to google "President Eisenhower fights Big oil! "  Carry on the fight Bernie your in the right! <3
https://www.facebook.com/Softworld4Solution/ …
What year was this??
Academic meta-analysis suggests that private-for-profit healthcare decreases quality and outcomes for patients
@greatnhsheist @RoseAnnDeMoro
I love you Bernie. Thanks for all you do. #AlwaysSanders
Also a need people to pay legitimate taxes required of them?Including people in congress?& how about congressional fiscal responsibility?


This guy looks so messy. How can he ever organize a country?
The same way he always does , around a message and a principle not a person
Jobs used to provide great health insurance until the democrats forced our companies to leave this country.
Boringgggg.   Get off the subject old man. People are getting real tired of hearing it. So yesterday.
Voted for you. Sent you money. Attended your rally in Savannah. Now will you please stop mucking up our elections.
Draft Bernie
This guy was destroyed by democratic anti semites... why is he still supporting a party that hates him and defiles his supporters?
I hope U arnt fealin to old and tired because there are alot of BERNIE OR BUST peeps just hoping u r ready medically to run for president!!!
We know u will make us proud u should have won the dems nominee but i guess its about who u know somtimes we believe in u please run again!!
No it is not a right it is a service get the hell away from my medical
It should be a right Dan for being a human being, as for your Medicaid your talking about Medicaid or Medicaire that will be expanded
No! This dangers idea opens the door to people who do not want to work, and illegals who don't pay into the system. Is that fair?
The Democrats pushed the ACA through, and it's falling apart while my rates are going up. Was that a good idea? Hell No!
It's already a right for the career welfare moochers to steal the American taxpayers money, compliments of the democrats!You dems never stop
Not true Dennis, the whole idea of SP is that we get rid of the for profit middleman and save a lot of money and get better carr
Stop paying politicians and use all that money for healthcare for all. Same healthcare the president receives, the people receive. Right?
It's like letting the DMV decide if u need surgery. Gov controlled healthcare is doomsday
Hell no bernie the dumasses want us dead so they can live high on the hog. Let those asshole give up their unbelievable health insurance.
Nobody wants anyone to die John, with SP we can guarantee healthcare coverage to all regardless of income

Hey stupid read the Constitution, not listen to Pravda
Our challenge is to keep you off the air. The Democratic party is just fine without you. Piss off.
Do we have the courage and political will to create a new lasting progressive party? Yes! We do! #peoplesparty! @DraftBernie @draftbernieco
@NomikiKonst Making it right for all does not mean socializing it. We are a free market economy. Healthcare only tanked w/ Obama
Obamacare is not socialized medicine. The idea is that healthcare can't be for profit cause the only way to make money is deny people care
No
Why not? If every other major country on earth can do it so can we
The only rights we possess are from God and don't require any service from others.  Health care is not a right
1) God is a man made proposition, not a fact 2) It is a right in more advanced European countries  based on ethics.
Thanks Bernie. You have finally broken the beasts back
Sanders Stein 2020
Oooooohhhhh, BERRRNNNIIEE Sssannddeersss. OOOOOOOOOHHHH BBBERRRNNIIEE Saaannddeerrrss!!! 
Canada's healthcare system sucks! Just ask the Canadians
Just read Healing of America by T.R. Reid? US needs to align w/ other rich nations & provide EQUALhealthcare for ALL. How do we make change?
You really don't know how to fix your hair
Paris Accord would've been way different with you there
But you had it & dropped out. & the dems knew we had enough Clintons in WH. I hope you do get in, but you could already be there.
#Libertarian just so you know, member having to be responsible for your choices & stupidity, is not your right... ;/\
Michael let me ask you, do you think if someone is poor and get sick they should die ?
How about the courage to run a comb through your damn hair?
Bernie, maybe you can sell one of your three houses to help fund!
@NomikiKonst Funny you should mention the 1940's. This is where your cause belongs when it might have been revelent
@NomikiKonst  You give up your subsidy and pay full freight maybe think about it. You can afford it. Getting rich off this gig
Yo have to want it to wo to for all people not just the insurance compaines.
Hahaha.  The ACA has made #Healthcare #Unaffordable   for all. #JobWellDone Socialists.
The ACA is not socialism , it kept the most problematic part, for profit insurance companies
Maybe once you sell some of those million-dollar homes and donate the money to the cause then you can speak about it hypocrite
Come on!
He is not talking about the ACA he wants to move forward towards a Medicare for all SP system
I thought it was a right, but now you say it ain't. Make up your mind if you've got one! #bankfraudBernie
It is a privilege. Get a job and pay for it.
You've never held a job in private sector.. yet u own 3 houses !! U and your staffers should go on Obamacare!!!
You crazy coomie!
Ok but who pays for it. Does this mean more tax?  If not what will be taken away in order to put this in?
John the idea is we pay a tax instead of paying healthcare premiums to insurance companies
Evoke Article V of U.S. Constitution
States Rights Ratification of Constitutional Amendments
Support Universal Healthcare
33=2/3
The Cunningham Plan for Universal Healthcare and Tax Reform
Repeal and Replace Obamacare, Medicare,
Medicaid
Balance the budget!
Commie.
Socialism is giving bailouts to JP Morgan and the banks. You understand?
Bernie. You need to explain exactly what HEALTH SECURITY means!!  You are not doing that. It will fail
Yes we want single payer!
Buy a comb
Actually you're wrong, he admitted that we should continue to do more but under his leadership, he passed the most comprehensive ..
It is not a right.  A right is an interest element of life no one can take from you. Pursuit of health is a right.  Delivery is a privilege.
Our rights are universal and not man/woman made.
#bankfraudbernie
Funny health care prices have only gone up since government intervention. Government doesn't give the people rights
Has anyone who liked this post, read up on the historical context of federal healthcare? Nazi Germany anyone? #ExBernieOrBust #IQuit
So... how does making healthcare a right... guarantee we will have healthcare?
No our challenge is not to accept the stupid ideas you have you are a socialist and we don't want that. Make America great again
Challenge is to make  the healthy pay for the over weight smokers that don't take care of themselves and make it seem like freedom
But elad, everyone gets sick at anytime , now you're young and healthy tomorrow you are sick and old
You seem to hate the belief in hard work for what you receive. Free rides drag everyone down.
Healthcare is a privilege no those that work. Not a right to those who don't work. Socialism doesn't work.
Medicare saved my boy's life And I work my ass off. Easy to say no when you've never needed it. Hope you don't
I work my ass off and have insurance for when I need it. Insurance not a Medicare handout.
Ok. Who pays the bill when the uninsured (without Medicaid) go to the ED with no intention of paying?  We do anyway
OMG you're right. We should just increase all of our taxes to the point we can all be in poverty and get wonderful Medicaid.
"Courage, my friends, 'tis not too late to build a better world." - Tommy Douglas (father of Canadian medicare)
Thanks.
Bernie. If we have government health care, where will our Canadian friends go for treatment when they get put on waiting lists?
He wouldn't make a patch on any of them,cry baby.
Absolutely the right and moral way to go. Health and good free public education also a right. Take devos down as well!!!!
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1512536362101286&id=1038122429542684 …
Bernie....what's up with that foo? Moving forward in its own, huh?!? Must have a heck of a forehead going on from ear to ear by now!
Please run in 2020...

is that a comb forward? 
Bernie new Over 20 years ago and we're still struggling to do that, the evil of avarice and power
right on/bravo/will be a good 'fight/ more than worth it, because it puts people,each other, first.
BERNIE LOOKS LIKE THE NUTTY PROFESSOR
OK real question. How long have you been this old!?!? But none the less thank you for this
Great statement! TY #BernieSanders! #MedicareForALL #SinglePayer It's a human+civil right! #SinglePayerNOW #HR676 #s562 #s4840 #USA #CA #NY
When you are on the same health care as the American people. Only then can you say what we need
That hair 
To "make" healthcare a right! ? It is not now and never should be!  Jobs at an all time high.  Get one and you'll have health insurance.


No. We need the political will to stand up to this nonsense. Health care is not a right you ass hat
If you understood what rights were, you would understand that healthcare simply cannot be a right. Please embrace freedom. #MAGA
Sanders -Same positions on the same issues 30 years later - that's called character
2020 Bernie, 2020!
The political will was on the side of the @GOP as it still is now. They scared their voters into thinking it was communism!
But they follow a wannabe Dictator... When will the craziness end!!! ...
Well, with any luck it will end with Trump being thrown out of power. I believe there are going to be calls for major reforms after that.
Hopefully Pence is right beside him..
I'm pretty certain he will, odds are Pence will be one of the first to fall. He not family which mean he'll get thrown under the bus.
The president we should've had.
If you can't even acknowledge that you were duped by the DNC, how can anyone acknowledge you or your ideas ?
Health care should be for all. No exceptions.
You need a hair cut Bernie
Like his wife  that took all that money.
A right to care. Sure sounds good. A right to make someone else pay for it. How do you justify that?
Get the insurance company leeches out of HC!
#berniebankfraud
@politico @HuffPost $20trillion debt, increasing multiple millions each day.  WE CAN'T AFFORD IT!
Nailed it!
It's not a right.
You & the Dems should start worrying about how bad you look by supporting the failing disaster that is Obamacare!  Ocare Sucks!
Healthcare in Israel https://g.co/kgs/Zkamwz  
Let's take a look at HEALTHCARE in ISRAEL.
You are no FDR Bernie. FDR wasn't involved in bank fraud.
Good luck with the Neo-Lib Right Wing Elitist Dems on that! I've seen no indication that it's on their agenda. None. Fool me once...
Sen. Bernie Sanders character & integrity!!
I love that you keep giving us proof that you are insane
@RobertoRomanV @JohnsonSaenz_ ¿arriesga demasiado al sacar a Oyola? Puede venir el 2do de católica
Your principles and integrity are as strong as an OAK TREE. Keep this history alive. Keep reminding the world of your record. Thank you!
I love you Bernie. Sorry they are taking their fear of you out on your wife. Talk about witch hunts.
So in other words you've been yammering about this same thing since 1992 & have gotten absolutely nowhere w/ it in 25 yrs. Is that about it?
I wasn't sure if you were a republican supporter or establishment Dem at first lol.  Funny cause it's about the same
I'm an adult who possesses critical thinking skills. Too bad they don't teach that anymore. There was a purpose to philosophy.
Did you learn that voting for the lesser evil is still voting for evil?
Of course not. I learned to discern the difference between FACTS & Russian propaganda, unlike some people in this conversation.
Lol.  Ok.  Facts have a known progressive bias. I apologise for that.  Here's a video of facts from your candidate
Commie
Bernie how is that extra $10 million going? LMAO
YOU LOOK REDICULOUS THEN AND NOW

Capitalism: a system of exploitation, driven by war, corruption & greed, puts profit over people & only works 4 the rich.  Great, huh?
Thank you Senator Sanders for your passionate pursuit of affordable health care.
Ted Kennedy would be pleased.
Yup Bernie, we the republicans took on the democrats and we won,now,stay out of health care BS,let the American people figure it out,ZIPLIP.
Crackpot @SenSanders, put down your Bag-O-Catch Phrases and put your plan on paper you genius. Anybody can blabber about their vapor plan
So true and those of us who have studied Public Health understand the pits of making healthcare a privilege.
Agreed!  And great hair!
Healthcare is not a right. FDR was wrong and so are you
All my love and prayers go out to you Bernie...we love you!
Go to a country that offers it ? Oh ya you would probably die waiting or they wouldn't have enough money to help you.
It doesn't take courage to promise to give people free stuff.
Meanwhile, almost a quarter century ago, a man thought for a while, analyzed the situation, and made a cogent statement. Presidential...
I sure hope so, Americans deserve no less. Get it together, people!
@pussyrrriot He owns 3 houses
Not a right
I'm with you, Senator Sanders!
Health care is not a right you Simi-Communistic leach.
   Why aren't you angry about the DNC stealing the primary?  Good pay off?
This is exactly what I LOVE about Bernie - he is true to his beliefs & will fight for them. feel the Bern 
Government needs to regulate the cost of Healthcare. It is out of control. We all know this is true.
The goal of For Profit Health Insurance is to get rich off your suffering.
It doesn't necessarily have to be malice but healthcare has an inelastic demand. You don't wait to get a broken leg fixed until prices drop
Medicare is excellent health insurance. Don't believe the lies of these Republican trolls. For Profit health insurance let people die.
Anyone who can't see we are getting robbed by the insurance and drug companies must be paid by them somehow. Single payer power over pricing
So are you going to round people up that you consider the enemy like FDR did?
You should have the courage to get your hair cut so you can finally see that healthcare isn't a right.
