how many people are you okay with disrespecting the flag? classic millennials
What are you on about, Numpty? Disrespecting the flag? What's that got to do with anything? It's just a piece of cloth.
sounds like a classic commie,  why don't you start googlin thomus Jefferson and not stalin
And, secondly, we don't have ridiculous rules about A PIECE OF CLOTH.
Thirdly you cant even govern your own colonies how can you expect to better govern america?
You're at sixes and sevens, youth. Unknot your Alan's. We're not trying to govern your country. We already did that. Just saying that you
and you lost fair and square #loser.
Is this a bubble? Berk! I've got you in a right two and eight,haven't I? Wind your Gregory in and have a Barclay's.
Then go live in one of those countries and stop trying to screw up this one.
Health care is a service. You can't have a right to someone else's service. That is slavery.
That's what Bernie wants for this country
What are the Police and Fire departments??
What about those two civic services you named? Your only rights are what you can provide yourself without imposing on others.
Sorry but hospitals also provide an ESSENTIAL civic service.
... You have a right to be healthy, you don't have a right to make someone make you healthy, nor to make someone pay it.
If I have the right to be healthy then I have a right to affordable healthcare. Going by your logic why have health insurance at all.
You have no right to any healthcare, affordable or otherwise, because it requires the labor of another person to fulfill.
Good for them, doesn't mean good for us.
And yet the "richest" country on earth couldn't care less about 'the other 99%' having health care. The GOP is all about the top 1% .
I wish someone would put this man in his place. No country guarantees healthcare as a right. just insulting that he thinks we’re so foolish.

So happy to see that Americans have not jumped onboard with this FREE STUFF.
Private health insurance makes no economic sense.
Except it does. Why do you think bread costs 1$ here and is scarce in Venezuela? Free markets.
You think that is because of public medicine?
I'm sure Venezuela has that too. It's because of socialism. Socialist principles don't work. Why do you believe in robbery at gun point?
I believe in collectivism for the good of the all just like the roads you use the water you drink and the sewers that takes your shit away!
You can't compare roads and sewers with healthcare. Why didn't you use the DMV or VA as examples? They are more alike and neither work.
Kennedy proposed many of the same things for health care. So did FDR, it's a progressive tradition, not radical.
Bernie it's a great idea.  But not free, most have monthly premiums.  Got to Australia, Canada, Germany and the UK.  Learn more
There is no such thing as a premium for NHS access in the UK. It is free at the point of use.
free at the point of use is not free. 
We pay a National Insurance stamp every paycheck. That's payment for NHS.
Correct. No one said it was free/literally no cost to the user. NI contributions only pay for a small amount of NHS. Most is general tax.
There is no premium in the UK like there is in the USA. No one in the UK shops around for a lower premium, the very idea is absurd.
Didn't say they did. 
Unless you're fortunate enough to be able to pay your NI and afford to purchase private insurance, like BUPA.
And yet our system has always been better, declaring something a right doesn't make more of it magically appear, we have to be cost aware
Surely $700,000,000,000 military increase isn't "cost aware"
Also less than 1 billion, singlepayer in California alone would be 3 trillion,their entire budget this year is 3 tril, want to 2x taxes? Lol
Because hospital and insurance cie are for profit businesses.
It will ONLY Work if Insurance Companies keep it Competitive = Cheap 
I agree but also no loopholes for insurance companies.THEY cover everything no matter what.no paying extremely for difference coverages.
YES......That ONLY happens if it is COMPETITIVE......They will be Forced by Customers Automatically......
Like SPRINT over T-Mobile & ATNT (Example)
Extreme Socialist Medicare for ALL creates Monopoly
Like EZ Pass
Nuff Said
As a Gernan, I wake up every morning and laugh about the USA still not having a decent health care system.
I wake up every morning thankful I don't live in Germany.
I'd rather die than see this country become Communist, which Sanders certainly wants.
No other country has made healthcare a "right"
In France, our law guarantees "an equal access to medical care for all". Even illegal aliens are covered. It costs us half of your system.
Weasel words. It means the government determines the HC you deserve and when you get it. The wealthy in France opt out by traveling to US
1/ The government decides nothing, except for the prices it pays for drugs, consultations, etc. (much cheaper than in the US).
This is one of the most ignorant things I have read in a long, long time. That's not how resources are made available and distributed
Are you kidding? I'm french, living in France! Stop watching Fox News, and meet the real world!
I'm curious: how do you think «resources are made available and distributed»?
People responding to market price and profit incentives
So much this.

From the outside looking in I cannot fathom American attitudes to health care. It's bizarre.
It's childish. I don't know how so many people can be this blind to the rest of human progress. Stunningly arrogant and close-minded. #GOP
Other countries archaic ineffective costly "free" health care is the opposite of progress
Travel, Doug... it'll be good for you.
I do travel - doesn't change the fact that substandard hospitals and care are not "progress" it's going backwards
Are you trying to argue - with a straight face - that America has a healthcare system even half as good as most developed countries?
Because I have travelled and the hospitals are first class and so are the doctors. Plus medications are actually affordable. US is a joke.
Funny good one - mayo Hopkins etc are laughing in your face
Tell that to Charlie Gard
All diseases are "incurable" until someone develops a cure.
"A right to health care" means you have a "right" to demand goods and services. This does not work.
Rights are endowed by our Creator, not the Government.

Source: Declaration of Independence
Again, now do each of those country's immigration policies.
Bernie - you are a hypocrite. No one listens to you, least no one that’s older than 19 or wants a hand out.
#FreedomOfChoice do we really want more government control over our lives and our healthcare? Help the poor but leave me be.



What about MediCare at 55? We can afford it. It takes higher risk out of the pool and lowers premiums
What hospital are you visiting where they're refusing to treat people? Healthcare is readily accessible to all American's who seek it.
For you Also "Bernie ? I didn't think so!
Rights are endowed by our Creator, not granted by government.
This is a founding principle of THIS country. Read the Constitution, Bernie.
What Bernie doesn't understand: America isn't a country of "free stuff",here everything is earned. Independence, abolishing slavery, freedom
Medicare sucks. Socialized medicine sucks. You suck. #maga #fullrepeal
Bernie's lying again!
Other countries don't have world wide commitments. Other countries have smaller populations. Other countries may not owe $20 trillion.
They also impose much higher taxes yet their medical care is inferior 2 ours. Should we downgrade all medicine & tell docs to make less $ ?
Healthcare is a right. Not a privilege. Every American deserves the same quality health care as Congress. We pay for it!
I wouldnt call being behind the rest of the world "winning" or very maga for that matter. Insurance pilfering my pocket feels wrong too.
No, they don't and the ones that do don't deliver. This is because services aren't rights.
Health care 4 senior citizens should be free in this country
How true
That's like saying, let's everybody have crappy insurance. Sounds good, right?
Didn't you also say we should adopt Venezuela's economic policies?
It’s not an argument to say “they have it so I want it too”, that’s what 3 year olds do.
to imply health care is a right vs a service, is to imply that others have the right to enslave healthcare providers to provide this service
Like Venezuela?  It starts with health care as a "right."  It ends with raising rabbits for food.  #maga
Don't they 'guarantee' it and then decide who is a loss cause and not deserving of it? #CharlieGard #longwaits selective #abortion
America does things different from every other major country of Earth. We're not followers, Bernie. We're leaders.
Great. As long as its policy is determined where I live.

ZERO interest in how other states, say for example California, wants to do things
Medicare has an unfunded liability of $100 billion plus. Stupid idea.
Tell us the story about how single payer in Vermont worked out?? You keep avoiding it?
As a right...unless you're elderly, terminally ill, disabled, unborn...when the state controls healthcare, the state decides who is "worthy"
Despite their high taxes, their coverage is bankrupt and inept. Ask them why, when anyone needs actual care, they come here.
uk these days ....not so much
when capitalists claim power abuse privilege to cover up truth to present the illusion of democracy.. that.
We have to improve all the short comings of the other countries universal health care to make it better to make it American.Better
They do a not-so-great job at it also. Do it better Bernie! Im still with you!
You have been getting a free ride your entire life Bernie... no surprise where you land on the issue having NEVER held a real job
Maybe that's one of the things that makes America better than the rest of the world.  Just sayin.
And Bernie is right. The rest of the CIVILIZED world has decent healthcare for their citizens. Except for the US.
You guys estimated Medicare would cost 9B/yr by 1990. It was 67B. How will you control costs since you blew it the first time?
Health care is not a right .@sensanders. Your "rights" end when you propose to take mine.
Medicare SUCKS as it is. Medicaid for all makes a lot more sense.
A right doesn't require something to be forcibly taken from some one else to give to another.

You're on tape in 1987 saying it would bankrupt the country. https://twitter.com/sensanders/status/912485562363281408 …
Why and how is Medicare a guaranteed right? Please do explain...
The "right" to another person's labor is usually called slavery, Senator.
So why did you not try harder to help Hillary win?  Now we are stuck with this idiot making these decisions....Work on impeachment!
In your own words "It will bankrupt the country" No gov healthcare! You need to look no further than the VA to see what you'll get! Retire!
Yet..  in a interview in 87 u said Medicare for all would bankrupt the nation.....
Just keep telling us Obamacare is failing, Bernie.
Take your blood pressure pills and go sit down!
Comrade,U said in 1987 that single payer Medicare would bankrupt country. U r such a phony. @ChrisCuomo @seanhannity
#BringIt #Bernie!!
Major countries? MAJOR countries?!?!?!

That's NATIONIST!!!

Bigot!
I think lawyers like you should be forced to work at rates set by the government.  Just like you want for Healthcare. #HealthCareDebate
Or we can let the free market do its job by creating competition and lower costs.
And how did that go for #CharlieGard?
Go research the case before making idiotic statements
Yeah and their care is rationed and you wait months to see a Dr. Or specialist.  Plus how the hell will you pay for it, tax us some more,!
The populist angle, always a clear winner when Bernie puts together an argument of logical fallacies.
I think the old man has proven he's crazy. Typical liberal - spend everyone else's money for bullshit so we can say we did something good
Ah, we don't really believe in life for all. It's too expensive
Health care is a right? Having a well armed militia is a right. Does that mean everyone should have to buy a gun?
Keep at it @SenSanders... The more you claim it the closer we'll have it. I'm standing with you!
Need another sports car do you?
I don't get why Bernie keeps saying "not a wild idea" or "not a crazy idea to do xyz".. no of course not but it's not an *impractical* idea
Hey Bern how will this wonderful plan get paid for??? You said in 87’ it’d bankrupt the country!! Other people’s money huh??!! #DumbPlan
have ever seen anyone turn down for HC in this country? Emergency room physician do not turn patients away
I have a right to eat and you're supposed to cook for me
Keep throwing people on single payer if you want to ruin our healthcare system so you can achieve your fantasy land healthcare system
Healthcare and health insurance are completely different things and you idiots in Washington have ruined the quality of care in America.
Then move there you sell out! @BernieSanders
Can confirm. You're on the right track 
My taxes have almost quadrupled since the Abomination. you criminals want us all on welfare Then the Noose will tighten.
So.... how will it be paid for while also reducing our $21T debt?  Our debt is killing us faster than any healthcare issue.
It is morally and economically sound policy.
#MedicareForAll saveslives
#MedicareForAll savesmoney
#MedicareForAllSavesLives
#MedicareForAll
U mean health insurance...not health care
Make it Happen Bernie, you all need to legislate instead of infighting and No action.
The Constitution doesn’t allow it.
take a look at your fanatics Bernie. They initiate debate. then use insults. then say you want the last word and insult again. then mute. 
Wow really Bernie? A right is something you have/born with...not something you pay for in taxes. Good effort comrade. #HealthCareDebate
If healtcare is a RIGHT, then doctors, nurses, and other healthcare workers are SLAVES. We had a war about that.
It's only extreme for the corporate health insurance industry's bottom line.
It's not an extreme idea. But we a dealing with extreme idiots who are incapable of looking at the big picture or long term benefits.
Please name the countries you define as Major. Asking for a friend. They like specifics, not broad, erroneous, generalizations.
But you said it would bankrupt the country, senile old man
Keep working on it Bernie you're doing the right thing. Sooner or later this country will see the light.
Why Medicare, though? You know most seniors are on Medicare, right? And how many of them can't afford their meds because it's not enough...
Medicare is an very extreme idea. Many doctors will not take patients that have Medicare insurance.
US defense budget 598 Billion. Canada healthcare budget 211 Billion. I'd spend more to keep our Citizens alive, less to kill other Citizens.
even if extreme sometimes got to get out of the box and do something different
Health care is a right dumb dumb. No one blocks your access to it. Does that mean I get a free gun from gov. To exorcise my 2nd am. right?
HEY BERNIE WHO WOULD PAY FOR IT AND ARE 30 MILLION ILLEGALS THAT WOULD USE IT ??????  @WhiteHouse
2020
Only in America will we pay the most and settle for the 47th best - and call other ideas ridiculous.  Smh
It’s not extreme at all, unfortunately Americans have a hard time helping those less fortunate, very sad.
How much did it cost to have your intelligence sucked out and replaced with gobbly gook? Was it covered by insurance?
No they don't. You liar. Our government spends more in our healthcare market than anyone. Government involvement is EXACTLY what broke us.
You're the head of the committee on the VA, a single payer system that is a complete failure. Why don't you make that work 1st? Prove it.
Bernie, I love you. "Major country" isn't a thing. Have less dumb ways to say this.
You'd have been correct if you'd stopped right before the word "Medicare."
FYI thank god we are not every other country 
Russia does, correct. And patients barter with farm animals to receive treatment
YUP , they Do. Americans are So, So Stupid.  Most Expensive Health Care in the World & Ranks about 11th or 12th in Health Care Outcomes.
If Obama care is so good why don't you take the lead and get on it. I forgot you already have the best insurance money can buy!
Not a reason to let government take over healthcare. It's a power grab. Plain and simple. Free market does it better.
Who's going to pay for it Bern. We don't own three mansions like you do.
Bull shit
Horseshit bernie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZ14-JipXwo …
Have you lost a family member because you were failed by socialised medicine? I have so stuff you and your socialist ways.
1 question...Who pays for it? And don't say the "top 1%", because, Bernie, you're in that 1% and I don't see you paying for a damn thing.
How do you pay for it taxing the rich how that been working it hasn't if you want health care for all get better ideal
Not only that, Senator. It's the standard, especially for those who want to one day day correctly that we are the greatest country on Earth.
And the best country?  Doesn't.
You have explained that it would bankrupt the country. Forgot that part?
Bernie, r u on Medicare??  Medicare is going broke.  Liberalism destroys everything in its wake.
Lies. All African and Asian countries do not offer free health care
Which ones are 20 trillion in debt with unfunded liabilities that surpass the value of their entire country?
Name them all! I guarantee this statement is a lie.
Who's funding it?
Is an stupid idea and health care in tree is a mess
Senile old man mumbling gibberish
And yet people from every country is trying to come here. Could there be a reason for that!
Constitution protects rights, not grant them. Government's obligation to protect right to have health care, not supply it.
No, not every major country. P.S. If life is so great in those countries, why do their people all want to immigrate here? Think about that.
Name one of these countries that has universal health care that is begging to trade it for our abominable system...
Healthcare is never a right, even if a country gives it for free. It is still unsustainable socialism buying a service with other peoples $$
Bernie, most of those countries who offer health care for all so not do it well. There are long waits. US can't even manage the VA well
Every other major country on Earth is not an empire with a bloated defense budget. Cut 20 % of it and you'll be just fine for health care.
Your single-payer plan has already been shown to last about a year. Then reality sinks in and we all pay 70% taxes.

You're on tape in 1987 saying it would bankrupt the country. https://twitter.com/sensanders/status/912485562363281408 …
Very true Bernie,  but waiting 15 months to just get on a list for a knee transplant doesn't sound great.
Translation: "I don't think there is anything wrong with government running your life. Other major countries on Earth do it."
Do I have the right to opt out? I kind of like freedom.
Yes you have the right to opt out.  But there is still Medicare for all. 
Currently I do not have that ability. I pay Medicare whether I want to or not. This changes under Bernies new plan?
I think I already corrected everything this afternoon. 
Why don't you give 2 of your 3 houses to the poor? Maybe some of those millions in bank fraud money? #heisfullofshit
Tell that to the parents of Charlie Gard & all  others who can't get sufficient/timely care in socialized medicine...known as single payer
Yes! Everyone screams about higher taxes, but I already pay $1200/mo in premiums/deductibles. I'd rather pay a bit more in taxes.
Yea I’m sure Afghanistan and Saudi Arabia do
And they are all broke and have shitty health care
You're an http://idiot.You  know it won't work & you've stated so in your previous political career!#BernieSanders
Nothing the government does is free they tax tax money to pay for it. With a program this large they will need more taxes
You can have it for free. You’ll die waiting.....but it’s free.
@politico @HuffPost Those countries didn't have a debt @80% of GDP going in.  The U.S. simply can't afford this!
currently providing single payer care is not the same as guaranteeing a right.  They could take it away as easily as they granted it.
And their healthcare sucks.
Not this one Bernie
Since when do we look to other countries to inform and guide U.S. policy decisions? Leaders versus followers.
There’s a reason people from every other major country on Earth want to live here.  #MAGA
It's extreme when were 20 trillion in debt and it will explode that even more. Sacking our children with a unsustainable debt crisis.
Let's take care of all our people.
Who is going to pay for this?  If Socialism is what you want, I suggest you move to Venezuela to eat dirt & suffer.  Deranged lunatic!!
The rich don't think they can make money that way
The harder GOP swings right, the harder the pendulum will swing left, in reaction #MedicareForAll
Its very EXTREME IDEA if you Democrat Liberal Losers are involved
Leave MY Medicare Alone!
Cuando un líder se debe a un pueblo piensa de la misma manera qué usted lo hace, Trump lidera Wall Street y es por eso que solo piensa en $$
Thanks Bernie.  Medicare for All.  Healthcare is a Right. @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain @dougducey @RepGosar @RepTrentFranks
You KNOW it will bankrupt the US, you just don't care. You should move to one of those "major" countries.
Y cuando ustedes voten, recuerden que la Madre historia los está viendo.
"Rights" ....
To many in office are bought off by big money corporations
An extreme idea is spending the budget on bombs instead of full health care. Simple math. Not even a debate until Americans decided it was.
Does your interview in 1987 ring a bell? You admitted that it would bankrupt the country.
Seven years ago you said it would bankrupt the country? What changed? Did we just discover oil in ANWAR or something?
I hate the name. It sounds like you are giving the people a shitty govt band-aid where Dr choice is non-existent.
Shut down all the wasteful departments and give every citizen a card. Pay the doctor direct. Middlemen are expensive.
Not providing it, knowing thousands will die because of lack of healthcare IS manslaughter
And in the majority of those cases is worth little to nothing.
How will you pay for it? CBO score? Just askin'...
Except for the whole going broke thing.
Fix Obamacare not change the system to socialized medicine!!! I've worked in healthcare my whole life ..you don't want Canadian healthcare!
