At whose expense?  @RandPaul @tedcruz @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins - missed last chance to stop single payer! @SenateMajLdr @NRSC
Good idea, let Syria destroy itself, ISIS run the middle East and let Iran and NoKo develop nukes. At least your check up will be covered
We are 20T in debt - you cannot have BernieCare without enslaving hard working Americans! @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @SenateMajLdr
It's their money - not yours - do you want to confiscate other people's money/property?? that's slavery 
Spoken like a true socialist!!! Maybe you would prefer Cuba or Venezuela!!! Good luck!! @SenSanders
It’s also not the rest of the country job to pay for everyone else 
We all benefit from clothing. Should the government tax us to provide everyone clothing?
Anything else you want for free?Who's going to pay for all this? Aren't you socially conscious spending others money.
Good plan. Are you another one who will never give an example of successfull socialism but wants to tear down the country for it?
Just when did it become the government's job to provide healthcare for it's citizens.
Things were just fine before Obama interfered.
Exactly! Our Constitution says you have right to pursue your own happiness. Doesn't say Government must hand it to you!
I can go a 10 years without healthcare. I only use insurance when I get the flu.. other than that, I man tf up and go through the day.
Mr Sanders, I need 5k/year for my insurance monthly contributions, plus $250 ER vist, $3500  deductible, it be more but my employer helps
makes me want to dream and i am calm..
MediCare at 55. We can afford it. It drastically reduces risk in the insurance pool lowering premiums. #HealthCareDebate #Healthcare
If you were hit by a bus and we're lying in the street wouldn't you want your neighbors to help you? What's the difference?
My husband a disabled Veteran has been our storyhttps://youtu.be/8lldC3y2ODg
Bernie are you gonna pay back the money that you and your wife scammed
No, Bernie, Your Job Is to NOT Bankrupt USA With Unsustainable Mess. Want Healthcare for ALL? FIRE Insurance Cos!
Know y medicare not cover dental. Gov figgers by time y on medicare y got no teeth saves$ for gov #HealthCareDebate
U democraps and rhinos did it
Once you realize that "THE GOVERNMENT " is us - you and me - this question takes on a different tone - it's not aliens
Everyone's entitled to a full head of hair but not everybody has that
Yeah the government did so good with Social security using for many  purposes other than what it was intended for
#Trump the westie or watch millions of Americans in Puerto Rico suffer and some die in hospitals with no electricity. act now
Republican don't want the health care, they want rich care
Democrats passed obamacare, but it doesnt apply to them
Lindsey Graham is a very feminine version of Satan
Where'd that come from ? 
https://youtu.be/obRWCy-cgw4  (all about health care)
People should get jobs so they can have health care stop with the entitlement mentality this is a Democratic country not a socialist one.
Know why medicare not covers hearing. Gov figgers by time on medicare gov figures y death anyway. #HealthCareDebate
Blind people don't need glasses, saves gov money#HealthCareDebate
Know why medicare doesn't cover vision.It's 
becaues the gov thinks that by the time y are on medicare you are blind. #HealthCareDebate
Oh yes and employer part is over 15k just for my plan. Outrageous. And medical care is worse then was  few years ago.
What right? You are requiring us by LAW to buy your health care product. The historic right to choose has been removed from us.
You mean free!!! So who pays? Can you pay more since you and your wife scammed the system
Health care is a right on all humans friendly,caring, responsible nations. 
Health care is a right for all representatives on US congress!!!
@likeagirlinc I thought the humsne society rescued dogs and cats
and you seem to resemble a dogs butt hole
you're a butt and a hole
you called Sen Sanders wife a dog and now you question my maturity ?
But to them that's socialisn Bernie, they don't want to see that
Because they can’t see our money is wasted on endless wars and the corporate welfare.
Calling something a "right" doesn't change the fact that you still need a mechanism to pay for it.
Health care isn't a right, and no amount of whinging can make it so.
Where is my right to keep my money?  Sick of working hard so others get everything free.
Russian-funded Facebook ads backed Stein, Sanders and Trump
Both Party's Have to get together and figure out a way to get everyone healthcare and a way to pay for it...we have to stop being divided!!!
To bad the Republican Party doesn't agree. Screwing America is what their all about. Sad.
Here's an idea that may please both sides of #HealthCareDebate. I call it #PurpleHealthcare.
A starting place, now let's finally cooperate!
This isn’t a bad idea but experiences with HSA compatible health insurance plans have shown that premium costs are not always lower.
Yes, we'll certainly need some legislative help to make sure plans are actually affordable, but seems a good start at pleasing everyone, no?
Again, good idea, but extremely difficult to implement in current political environment. Insurers seem to hate high deductible plans.
I’d be happy with the public option for now. Just give us the opportunity to buy into Medicare or the federal employee health plans.
Bernie2020
Sickening to watch GOP "Capitalists" threaten us w socialism in a country where Corporate EMPIRES buy legislature & set their own prices.
Healthcare for EVERYONE is too important to screw it up!
Go back in ur crypt.
People like you are why this country is falling apart. You lies and misleading statements are criminal. Shame on you.
We brag about Patriotism & greatness while 1000s ponder daily survival with Pharma pricing meant for Insurance companies. #Get$outofHealth.
Healthcare is already a right. No one can be refused service for an illness. Insurance is not a right. These media politicians & their words
Everyone uses the healthcare system at some point. Those who pay insurance premiums are paying for a healthcare system for those that don't.
What makes you believe anyone is THROWING MILLIONS OFF HEALTHCARE, this is a false narrative.
Some may CHOOSE to opt out, not be thrown off!
Amen
Of of insurance. Insurance is not health care. Insurance is not a right

You said nothing when millions were thrown off healthcare w/passing of ACA! Hippocrates!
It's good fiscal policy as well
For I am the LORD that healeth thee . EXODUS 15:26
2 Kings 20:5
God is here , in Heaven , looking down upon us . Call upon him from each to deal with your needs and medical attention. God first!
And giving everyone a free insurance in our for profit medical system won't work!! Make it non for profit then it may work
It's not a right except in a socialist state.  Its a benefit in a democracy Bernie so quit trying to shove your socialist views on America.
No Americans need to pay 4 it.  Why not free cars an trucks
No single payer!!! That will bring death panels...
Do that without depriving people of the health care they currently have and you will get more support.
Why do you act like you care about rights if you want to supress constitutional rights from the opposition? #1stAmendment #2ndAmendment
A humane society isn't a draconian state sir.
Insurance. Look up the definition of this word. No one should be forced to purchase a good/service they do not want. It's unconstitutional.
Isn't this debate about health insurance?
Stop saying throw off. It's opt out! you don't have the moral high ground.Why is this bill even here? Because Obamacare sucks,that's why!
1. I have no healthcare 2. Removing laws and mandates does not kick people off health insurance
Idiot.
President Trumps job is to save Americans from a horrible plan that was shoved down their throats by obama!
Not one person had healthcare improve when the country was screwed with Obamacare and ask any person living in central care country
Dammit, that pesky Constitution! !!
Exactly! Demand a doctor or nurse to treat you today!
my job is to work to take care of my family not everyone else's understand that Bernie?? Guess not when your wife can throw 500k jobs around
And to scam banks
If the orgs and DRs you say r on ur side really were this wouldn't be n issue they would treat every sick person for free so HC not a right
Communist calls health care a “right”.... same communist will then ration your health care and leave you to die.
She cares ! For her bear !  I thought we all could use a good laugh. ....
OBAMAcare THREW MILLIONS OFF THEIR PLAN you lying sack of Liberalism
Great job, Bernie! You looked handsome & accessible. How bad is it when both contestants call you the most honest man in the senate? 
You said it yourself @SenSanders that you have no idea how to implement a socialized healthcare system.  #HealthCareDebate
Good thing the government isn't only of him! Maybe people can make a good system once they stop instantly rejecting the idea.
There's nothing humane about letting the government which sucks at almost everything, to run healthcare.  #HealthCareDebate
Just declaring things rights does not make it appear.  S. Africa has it in their Constitution and it sucks.  #HealthCareDebate
Well Obamacare did that you pay the fine & not have it bcuz it's cheaper than getting Obamacare
We should have capitalism, not corporatism.
the problem is NOT health care.it's health INSURANCE .there's a difference DUH
OMG give it up already #StupidBernie. Do you have any idea what "rights"are???  Thank god you will NEVER be president.
You don't tell the people the people tell you.
Please do not let them take Obamacare away. Im a 51 yr unemployed widow with a 9yr old.
Sure. This mode of propaganda has been tried before.
You know who would have helped make healthcare even more affordable & easier 2 get, President Hillary Clinton, but your brats fucked us over
Once the kind of crap you want is in place then government has more control over people's lives. Will never vote a dope in on this platform
Humane Society is where my dog goes when I want it Euthanized old man. Scrap the entitlement altogether it is not a right.
Why should millions be allowed to further pick the pockets of the hard working middle class? End ObamaCare now. #HealthCareDebate
Uhh...you might want to rethink that a little bit.
But when 6 million people were dropped off their plans for 3 million to get ObamaCare, that was totally cool, right? But hey, narrative
It's to follow the laws of the land. You should be impeached for violations of the constitution
Well said, Bernie!
How how how did you not win the election!!!? 
Healthcare is a right as long as each individual is responsible for it.  Government care will only gives us high cost and inferior doctors.

They don't actually use that healthcare. Deductibles too high. They only have it bc it's the law thx to @BarackObama
Why hasn't liberal Cali gone to Single Payer?It will bankrupt the state!! Much too expensive.We cannot have socialized healthcare,Period!
If there is a right to healthcare, then must a certain % of the population be conscripted to provide such a right?
Audi R8's should be a human right.
#ACA didn't "throw people" off of health care. It took their plans away, but gave them different options with inflated prices. Disincentive
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS read and learn...
Career politicians can piss off.
We pay for their healthcare!  What about our right to the same thing?!!!!  Greedy Republican Bastards!  Not all R's, the nasty, greedy ones!
You are so right!!
Bernie u have all the right words but frankly u don't get much of anything accomplished.
Bernie impression:
Health care is a right! -applause-
Make health care a right! -applause-
Did I say health care is a right? -applause-
Congressmen like @RepAndyBiggsAZ + @RepTrentFranks are more than happy to repeal healthcare for millions of Americans.  Those SOBs.
Where does it end?  Maybe we need to provide free wheels to everybody to be humane?  After all, how do they get to the doctors?  #Socialism
Eating should be a right so I shouldn't have to pay for food. Seems like the same logic.
Than illegal obamacare better be replaced. Unconstitutional laws are no laws at all. We are not a dictatorship, or socialists.
DEMOCRATS destroyed HealthCare for 200 Million Americans so 8 Million FreeLoaders & Illegals could get free health insurance.
Vote Dems OUT!
You did vote Democrats out. Republicans are in power so stop using Dems as an excuse
I don't reply to Hateful Democrat Auto Bots
HRC would be expanding coverage for those in need
Woulda, coulda, shoulda but she's not
A humane society does not make slaves of us all, particularly physicians, to satisfy corporate greed. Great way to ensure poor care.  
Healthcare is no more a right than the genocide, eugenics,euthanasia, starvation, & poverty that follows socialism throughout it's lifecycle
False equivalency.
By what logic is healthcare a right?
By what logic is military a right? By what logic is education a right? By what logic are sewers and roads a right?
Military is a necessity for any standing gov. to remain sovereign. Right has nothing to do with it.
Primary education is provided to lay a basic foundation for us to achieve self sufficiency.

Upon adulthood; earn it.
You're not entitled to that either.
Sewage and roads aren't rights. At all. 

Concerns like these are State issues
Last I checked you lost the election Bernie. If people wanted health care as a right the left would hold the majority.
Bernie is still a US Senator and the majority did vote for the left
Then why doesn't the left control the house or the senate? I don't agree with either health care plan. I don't know what a good solution is
So you either want to make health care workers slaves, or bankrupt the country, or both?
This bill doesn't do that, you are giving a could, maybe might defense. This bill does allow a state to have single payer if they chose
You double 100mm americans insurance .. you are a farce a crook a empty suit career politician ! Get out ! Pay your own way ! @mitchellvii
Its not a right never has been.
So, tell me, how are you going to PAY FOR IT?

I mean, we can't pay for what we already spend
Go to bed old man
You are not society. Do what you want with your own money. Leave other people's money alone.
Well said.  Typical, being generous with other peoples' money.
Note that two of the Republican senators who say no to #GrahamCassidy have what would be considered preexisting conditions
#HealthCareDebate
They don't have same insurance as us peons,  what you thinking? ??
Obamacare took away freedom and choice.
Health insurance is not health care.  I don't want you telling me which health insurance or coverages I have.  Never!!!!
So why did #Obamacare throw millions of people off healthcare cuz it was & is UNAFFORDABLE? Health insurance does NOT guarantee Health CARE!
Don't forget Illegal and Unconstitutional
Healthcare is not a right, it's a good and it's a privilege.
Well said. Now where did you get your made up notion that health care is a right. Not from the US Constitution that’s for sure.
I agree with you that healthcare should be a RIGHT. Can you please rush help for Puerto Rico? Half may be dead if we delay aid until mid-Oct
Keep fighting the evil that Trump and the right represent. BTW, It's fun to watch grown ass aright winger adults not know insurance works.
Insurance. Look up the definition of this word. No one should be forced to purchase a good/service they do not want. It's unconstitutional.
Again part of his plan, slow the help, a lot of the problems may go away.  Maybe 10% ?
Sure but it costs $ so we need a pragmatic solution both sides can buy into https://m.forbes.com/sites/carolynmcclanahan/2017/03/27/rising-from-the-ashes-a-novel-bipartisan-approach-to-health-care-reform/?s=trending#370582e31362 … @CarolynMcC
No it’s not Bernster!!! Ppl of this cntry are different from your comrades in Russia!! People here are supposed to be free to chose!!!
It really comes down to, are U Cowardly enuff 2watch your fellow Americans suffer & die, or are U Man & Woman enuff 2do somethn about it?
You have a right to furnish your own health care!
You helped force people on a shitty, expensive product w/ massive deductibles or be penalized. They are poorer as a result. You're horrible.
U JUST WANT SINGLE PAYER MEDICAID FOR ALL. WHAT ABOUT YOU BERNIE? WILL YOU WAIT MONTHS FOR A HEALTHCARE SERVICE?
Who's gonna pay for it? As long as it's only you I'm fine with that
I wish I could ask the same for that trillion dollar F-35 approved by congress.
Come on sell out Bernie you want to sell us on nothing more then SOCIALISM. I would rather die..not buying your bull..
No it’s not
Lets be honest, its about money and that Government saw that Healthcare is the third largest economy in the world and they wanted a cut.
This is a lie. Most of those people would stop buying insurance when the individual mandate is repealed.
Hey gang rape writer,if someone used their liberty to smoke 2packs of cigarettes a day,should I pay for their self inflicted health problems
What about forcing us to buy in or pay penalty.  Young healthy don't  want to buy insurance.  When did 26 yo become dependant age?
Ever since I turned 16
@SenSanders socialism/Marxism is the most inhumane system ever implemented and imposed on society, always fails: NK Russia Cuba Venezuela
YOUR JOB is to sit down, shut up, and listen to the American people that voted @realDonaldTrump in, not you or Killery.  Listen to US 4 once
Bernie you know the unjustice in American politics. If you really want to help Americans start term limits in Washington to help corruption
There are millions without health care right now.  Because of obama care.  I'm one of them.
Bernie all Americans want what's best for all People but politicians making deals we have no say you know it.  Term limits for you guys.
Bernie 8 years under Obama Dems Reps knew Obamacare would fail. Why didn't anything happen until election. Americans deserve better than you
#HealthCareDebate Repeal and Replace Obamacare with a  OVER STATE LINE COMPETITIVE HEALTH INSURANCE.
We don't have to make it a "right". It is a right.  We have to get assholes on other side to realize the system we have is worst ...1/2
2/2 ..possible way to provide care. Show up at ER and have rest of US pay when written off is least effective, most expensive system ever!
At least offer a public option; Medicare plus an affordable secondary with pharmacy benefits.
If healthcare is free, it'll turn from a #HealthCareDebate to a #HealthCareWait
Nothing humane about your trash plan either.  Make good towelet paper
Is it humane to take a person's income by force and give it to someone else?
I love having my income taken away like that. All those beautiful roads to drive on, National parks, police and fire departments..
A good start to making things RIGHT would be fore all you lawmakers to be forced on your STATE PLANS @ OUR RATES. #ObamacareIsUnEqual
And what do you think single payer will do?
Does Bernie Sanders life look luxurious to you? Are you envious of his pizza hut lunch combo and bus pass?
If the Cassidy - Graham proposal is so good, why do they not allow more time to bring in more discussion from both parties?
YOUR COMMUNIST WAY BERNIE? NO THANKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So put your money where your  is and donate all your money
Government doesn't have power to create rights. You aren't God.
insurance fraud in canada unheard of... who would do it and why?
Not a right.  It's a service.  If you were the only person on earth you couldn't have healthcare outside your own means.  #Obamacare
Then let the slaves pay for lazy freedoms
But #BernieSanders just wants ourpney but has no remedy.
@senklobuchar is trying to keep job. MN has lousy reps.
The European healthcare system is collapsing, and you know this. Very disingenuous and evil of you to try to steer the country that way.
Can we cut production and prescribing of opiods.. #healthcaredebate
Thank you for your persistence during this unprecedented time.
