I am very offended when politicians try to manipulate women by insinuating other politicians are sexist. Stop the divisiveness.
So you are not bothered by the fact that not a single woman is in that room giving input on your healthcare?
Remind me again what those men know about paps and prenatal care?
Imagine the outrage if 13 women sat in a room determining the future of men's healthcare? Hard to imagine because it would never happen.
No politicians should be in any room figuring out YOUR healthcare! No where in Constitution does it spell it out.. DONT LET a piliticiN
Funny how no one wants gov in their healthcare until they realize that without regulation, insurance companies wouldn't cover anything.
crappy insurance gets you crappy coverage. ACA stopped that by having min essential health coverage.
All of America deserves better than a man-child with a cheap spray tan and a dead, furry lobster on his head.
Coming from a guy that looks like a serial killer living in mom's basement.
That, coming from someone who has to use a meme and the word #expose in their twitter?
Oh? Are you a reddit roaster now? I’ve already tried that roast and it wasn’t that great.
I’d rather be enjoying a small hobby than be adding more hate and anger to the world.
Obviously you've never had a serious medical issue.
Well before the ACA I had "pre-existing" conditions and had to fight tooth and nail with my ins Co to have basic things covered.
What? 
I do thank #ACA reforms for my pre-existing condition being covered by my ins. #Trumpcare will be a death sentence for some.
And I'll say it again, I do thank the #ACA. It has been great for my family. Does it need fixed, yes, but #Trumpcare isn't the answer.
Soooo...gender really does matter?
Omg bernie, there are bigger problems. Quit trying to get the women to sympathy vote. We are smarter than that!
The men's deserve better as well!
Would Bernie have beaten Trump?
Yes,  he would have won.
You sure use the word "deserve" a lot. I think the American people deserve a break from your clueless, nonsensical, & ridiculous rhetoric.
And all the woman that voted for trump? Trump doesnt make his own policy, he listen to we the people! Why dont you help the women in poor?
"The women in poor" ??
That doesn't make any god damn sense. You should choose the person you think is best for the job.
Bernie we need you so desperately
Kayode on tweet
Please senator Sanders ... They prefer too be spiteful towards the Democratic party when right now that's our only lifeline. Unity 
The right is trying to divide us and some of your supporters are letting it happen. They've attacked me, I love you but we need unity.
JAIL Time !!!!!!
The whole of America deserve more than a 75 year old washed up senator telling them what they oughta do
savage 
You mean like Ezekiel wrote it in the first place by himself denying rights to the elderly & the disabled? The father of obamacare?
Bernie you are a socialist i reject the way you want to change our country.  honest you are, but your are in left field.  accept reality
The women of America deserve better than what happens at Planned Parenthood behind closed doors #thetapes
Bernie please I supported you but once the primary was inevitable I couldn't support trump. Please beg your supporters to unite.
Bernie you still don't get it? It's not because it is men behind closed doors, it's because it is being DONE behind closed doors! Sexist! 
the women of america deserved a female president, but your ego got in the way of that
Having a vagina is not a qualification...any more than having a penis is. Only a nitwit would vote for genital.
.let the robots do it
It would be great to have more #women jump into politics so we can all achieve better! #men #americans #Immigrants #politics
Why is this man not president, why did America not have faith ? #BERNIE2020
I guess you rather pay for penis pumps like we usually do, then procedures that women need for life or death 
I deserve better than to have you and your government deciding my future, too, but that's never stopped you, has it?
How is he deciding your future and what is his government?
Sad how many people are too dense to realize how stupid (no offense) your question is. His govt is USG, which controls much, incl HC. Duh
We deserve #SinglePayer and elected officials who will fight for it.
No, Americans deserve better. Free market healthcare equals better and cheaper.
No. Free market results in higher costs with less coverage.
That's literally not true. Single payer would result in higher tax dollars and quality of service would drop. It's been proven
I'm sorry, who are you again?
I guess males are somehow unable to make laws for people who aren't themselves."I'm Hispanic, I can't lead rights for an Asian man"Bullshit.
Hey, #BankFraudBernie, as a woman of America,ACA is unaffordable garbage that only benefits poor people who live off the govt and don't work
@BernieSanders we all deserve better than to have anyone in Washington telling us how to live. #freemarkethealthcare
Trying to stoke hatred, again? Falsely scare all women? Please stop.
Women who aren't scared of what GOP is doing should #WakeUp and #Resist
@ShelleyKrum TY for your very respectful rebuttal to my tweet. Nice that we can just agree to disagree w/o any animosity. Rare these days.
The point is that women should have representation during the process. What is so difficult & hard to understand about that?
So your point is that Republicans have no female Senators.
It's OK. I plan to go to my Senators office, lay on his desk spread eagle and ask for my pap smear when I no longer have insurance
Republicans are afraid of vaginas
You'll give him a heart attack.
I see an effective tactic developing here!
Just remember to keep your distance from the president. We know how he gets around ladybits.
Good point. We'll just let Mueller handle him. (Can't wait!!)
Omg guys thank you for the laugh.  It's all true but I needed the humor to keep from screaming in frustration #GOPidiocy
Shelley I feel ya! But realized my anger wasn't serving anyone. I'll be canvassing & fighting in 2018, but 4 now, trying 2 enjoy life again.
Evil men lurking in shadows plotting ways to keep women down. Would you stop it already?
Thank you Sen Sanders for all you do! 
What did he do?
Do you need a list? I'll send it if need be. Its a pretty long one.
Yes please I want 2 see it
Yes we do
So they need an old white guy like you?
That's so true  thanks Bernie please keep helping us
It amazes me that people are so worried about the VA care, but can't understand that it's the government controlled healthcare they want
What do they deserve, and who is suppose to give to them?
Fool ,,,,, where is the answer to the 2nd part of the question ?
We already pay enough in taxes to do so, reallocate the funds to better use such as Healthcare, Education, and the EPA rather than military.
Have you seen what happens to every #Government run programs, Like Vets Hospital,  Multiply by a 1000.
You are being this honest With yourself
Someone needs to explain to him that women also participate in elections for the Senate.
Exactly! But by the comments I can see that his ploy was effective with some females.
Just ugh.  Some females should wake up.  The GOP does not like women
USA elected Coco the ginger clown. USA is now a laughing stock, but with underlying malice. NOBODY is safe now.
maybe those 13 males identify as female...or are we back to 2 genders again? #ThisiswhyTrumpwon
Funny thing... PP here can't do mams, paps, etc seems like only abortions. Tried to get appointment for women's "health care", no go.
Bernie, would you accept Jesus Christ as your SAVIOUR ?
Bernie Sanders where is our “fair & equal” “ONE” FULL COVERAGE NATIONAL HEALTHCARE SYSTEM? Are you all talk & no action?
this comes from a man who provided maple syrup and a dirt floor for his 1st wife! You know a lot about what women need .
Agreed
Vermont deserves better than loony alt-left socialist Bernie
u rlly got him!!!!!! lol
It makes ME feel better :/
Then maybe some female Democrats could stop fighting against the changes and work with them to improve the failed Democare disaster.
How about the People of America deserve better than any Senators deciding our healthcare? Leave us alone!
Home of the fear mongering sound bytes
Oh please.......
@MAHAMOSA Hey Bernie, you're part of the problem.
If you will just LEAVE, there will only be 12!
Yes, they deserve the woman who received 3 million more votes as president.
I agree! Someone who doesn't have to worry about healthcare should not discount those who do.
You are not kidding Jaimie. I sincerely hope that whoever is elected next implements legislation that will guarantee this can't happen again
From the man who wrote porn you are a fraud
Those damn men ruining it all
Bernie, you had your chance to win the presidency running as independent. Instead, you chose to support crooked Hillary. Enjoy Trump
Please, oh please keep playing the gender card!!
You're a fraud #Mr3Houses
No, we deserve for you not to make decisions for us.
13 males attended the Last Supper. 13 males authored the Trumpcare bill. If precedent follows, Trumpcare will not work out well for someone.
Hallelujah!!
WE RISE UP. WILL U
Oh wait! But didn't everyone say Bernie is sexist? Oh right, those were just the HRC trolls paid by David Brock.
Cause women gave us Obamacare?  

You can keep your plan?...how did that work out?
Everyone who needs good health care deserves it
And the folks that came up with the ACA were very smart.... hahaha
Says the man with 3 houses, who never had a real job until late in life, and somehow convinced poor people he is one of them.
We deserve better than to have to live with the MESS you made with Obamacare. Going to take time, effort and iterations to fix. #mypresident
Why? Last I looked Trump funded PP & abortion is still legal. Birth control isn't a "right" ppl should pay for it
Well you designed the Health Care Bill that is not defunk called Obamacare.
This has to be the dumbest argument. So can women only ever go to a woman doctor for their problems?
The real argument is isn't that exactly what happened with Obamacare? Hypocrisy at its best!
Whaaa
how is your wife's legal trouble?
Thank you.  Some common sense,  that's what we need!
The women and men and old and young deserve better than 13 male senators deciding the future of our health care. Keep up the fight Bernie.
You are right! Women deserve a better future of their health. I admire you! From a Guatemalan.
@SenSanders shut up
Bernie sanders looks like he has a van with way to much candy.
I wish you had stayed in the running. I am terrified of this man they call President.
#pander #BernieHas3Homes
Mr. Sanders stop it. You have no idea how women look at this. You and your colleagues are just trying to protect Planned Parenthood.
Is He tweeting this from the multimillion$ digs He bought from the payoff He received to bow-out to HRC from the DNC elite ?
I agree.  You should immediately resign so a woman can take your place.
Bernie has private insurance, no skin in the fight xcept to block healthcare
Hmmm...didn't you do that with Obamacare and made Nuns pay for birth control. Sit down Senator.
The women of America deserve better than some old fool taxing them like crazy while he & his wife steal money.  That could be you or Clinton
Yeah thanks Bernie we know. They also deserve better than you, but you'll never understand that.
Amen
Thank you for fighting for us, Bernie. We need representatives like you & appreciate you.
Stop gender baiting you White Guilt Syndrome old geezer. Women are against Obama care too.
Please stop the Rhetoric!  Work with your peers instead of spreading fear.
They deserve better than a washed up socialist too.
I am sure they deserve, whatever that means, but then some women will deserve more than the some other women, how do you deal with that?
Every time you try divide & conquer, you divide & fail. Stop telling us what to do, and go correct your wife.
Srsly ... and we are at this point of govt handling our HC ins because ... democrats, inc behind closed doors, the whole lot
It seems you just assumed their gender and maybe while they were discussing it, they were identifying as women.
Agreed. In fact, I don't want any politician having anything to do with my health care. Do I have that choice?
You would make a great president for this country.
Nah, they're the establishment and just a distraction, right?
Go back to one of your 53 vacation houses...
Si vous aimiez tant que ça l'Amérique, vous feriez le nécessaire pour que les démocrates travaillent avec (et pas contre) @realDonaldTrump !
Then don't endorse anti-choice candidates.
Women of America deserve ...a  lot
AMEN
What does race or gender have to do with it? They are elected legislators. Like you. Stop with the identity politics and get to work!
Like the secret Hillary task force when Bill was #Potus or the "you have to vote for it to see what's in it" disaster called #Obamacare?
#NeverTrumpHillary Never #MarketplaceHealthCare Remember Action Alert: Make Pelosi Keep Her Promise on Single-Payer https://www.healthcare-now.org/blog/action-alert-make-pelosi-keep-her-promise-on-single-payer/ …
Didn't object when D's passed Obamacare without review,  against will of American people. We deserved better. Payback, buttercup!
and that's because you're not one of 13? Loser.
Dear Bernie America is a Continent!!! I'm American because am from El Salvador and ES is in the America Continent and I olso admire you.
Every Venezuela needs a Bernie.  LMAO
Burlington College deserved better than Jane O'Meara Sanders too but that didnt matter did it?
If identity politics worked...you still wouldn't be President.
I'm getting so tired of this identity politics. Truthfully aren't you getting tired of it too Bernie?
The direction of 20% of the American economy is being determined by 13 rich, white males, cutting off health care for hundreds of thousands.
White men voted for the originating bills to the 19th Amendment. #BernieLogic reasoning says women's voting rights are illegitimate.
Last time I looked, Pelosi was a woman.  She helped the Dems force Obamacare down our throats.  I'd take the 13 males over her any day.
https://twitter.com/VivaLaAmes2/status/877992638301048832 …
White men voted on bills originating the 13th Amendment. #BernieLogic says eliminating slavery illegitimate.
Amen.
Absolutely!
Shouldn't this be a State issue rather than a Federal discussion
https://twitter.com/vivalaames2/status/877992638301048832 …
I cover my Wife and Daughters through my employer. Works well
This is why y'all continue to lose, you and your party pit every one against each other. No real plan, just finger pointing.
and the women of America deserve better than sharia law!
Oh plz just shut up America deserves better than an old commie spouting shit they know nothing about
Hey poster boy for the K-Word, GET BENT!  How dare you infer that 13 men can't make decisions for women, when you support Islamist!
At least the Republicans are writing their plan own instead of farming it out to someone we never heard of
Someone we never heard of couldn't do a worse job
You think?
Utterly and thoroughly SICK of your identity politics. I don't give a fluffy rat's ass the gender of the crafters as long as it WORKS.

#DrainTheSwamp
Stop
The women -- and men -- of America deserve better than you!
How damn amazing no one else said that on Twitter but Senator Sanders 
What like Nanci Pelosi no thanks I'm good
Would 13 women be better? 7 women, 5 men? What is the correct ratio? How about a group of people who can get it done? No bias!!
I'm a single woman & can't afford my deductible. Neither can my elderly mom. Or a spiffy car or 3 houses, Mr. Career Pol.
You had your chance!  Sit down
I am a single woman, 53, last yr 849.00 per month! THIS YR $1232.00 10K DEDUCTIBLE,  only thing I got $ STOLEN fr me by OBAMA insurance co!
right because obama care was sooooo good
Well if you were president....
The only thing Bernie is beatin..
I rather die then to cost my country its freedom or liberty if I lose everything even my life but Save America & Liberty I've gained ALL
If they have a problem with it, they can get off their asses and run for Senate
Did you just assume their gender?
Absolutely!!!
UM, I WORK FULL TIME BERNIE AND I CAN'T AFFORD HEALTH CARE! A FAMILY OF 7! SO, HOW DID OBAMA HELP ME?
I'm a woman and I"m tired of men acting like I can be appealed to by cheap identity politics. Obamacare is a disaster for women and men.
Idk - any liberal feminist would probably be worse. Retire crazy Bernie.
