Texans will take care of its ppl. We don't need u and the rest of ur DC elitists to tell us what to do.
Lol how do Texans plan on doing that? 
Called a free market.
Who is free in the free market? Man, we're all slaves to Crapitalism
You're right capitalism is the worst, except for all other systems. Only a fool would trust the gov to take care of them.
Our gov will never address the needs of the people with equality and dignity as long as Capitalism is in place.It's fundamentally impossible
As long as everyone has equal access to it capitalism allows people to provide their own dignity and that's much better than handouts.
People don't have equal access to, well...anything
So is trashing a good healthcare system to put in an overpriced system that was doomed from day one.
A healthcare system that allows people to die from lack of coverage by definition can't be good.
What do you think is going to happen when Obamacare goes belly up?
Any private healthcare system will have the same disastrous effects.
Not in mass.  When everyone is forced onto the same system and that system fails; it fails everyone.  That is why we need CHOICES.
It seems to work pretty fine in the other 30+ countries that have single player. US is the only one with issues, and the only one without SP
The problem we have is that there are more people riding in the wagon than there are pulling the wagon.
That isn't an issue if the strongest pullers are giving it their all instead of sitting aside and watching.
Time for Healthcare for all. Just like Congress has.
Not to mention billions paid out in stock dividenda to stock holders!!!
Healthcare should not make a profit. The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others.
It cost a person $1 million to become a dr these days. How do they recoup if not making a profit?
Dr and hospitals would be paid. Insurance's wouldn't be getting the money.
It is Mr Sanders but the Republicans don't care about the people ! Just there pockets
They'll do just 2 say we saved $ instead of saving lives. It's all about the $ w/ these REPUBS!
It's a sad time when throwing them off may be the only way to help them learn to vote with their interests in mind.
I think all Healthcare should be the same for congressmen senators and the General Public.
If a healthcare plan is good enough for a congressman it's good enough for everybody else to that way everybody's treated the same
Fake news.
... old story Bernie...new game now!
Put congress on the same healthcare plan. Watch it get fixed ASAP
We have too many millions on Medicaid! Able People need to start taking care of themselves! This is an opportunity country!
Absolutely pathetic
Ugh.  So sick of you incorporating her ideas as yours after helping sabotage her campaign.  F**k you, Senator from the bottom of my heart.
"Her ideas" LOL, you surely are totally misinformed/misguided in your hatred of Bernie. Hillary was light years away from Bernie's positions
WHAT? One thing I am NOT is misinformed. Light years away? Did you even read their platforms? Clearly not. My feelings for him remain.
So let their health care implode instead?
Pathetic
Please don't pass this!
No, I think they are all liberals.
It's not shameful, it's criminal.
It's murder!
Dems stop having SUPER DELEGATES.  THEY CHEATED FOR HILLARY, against Bernie. DWShultz manipulated all primaries for Hillary like Iowa.
Come on Bernie, sell that new property. Or bring people in to live with U. Share the wealth!
Are you a better bounty hunter than the Dawg?
Never lost one yet! And I love Dog and Beth
It's evil and heartless to take away health care for a billionaire tax break
It's evil to take away other people's money to and give it to some one else
Ok. You pay taxes for your roads to not have a bunch of holes. But if you don't drive on a specific road, you shouldn't pay for it?
1st of all that isn't giving it to someone else, it is interest of the whole not a targeted few,
We are a whole. All of us humans.
If your home catches on fire it's ur fault. If you drink poison water it's ur fault. If you get hit by a car it's ur fault

- Josh, probably
They had firefighters before the 16th amendment. Flint is proof the government does insure clean water, and I pay for car insurance my self
Keep pushing for a single payer  Bernie.
GOP better be careful since this could affect Republican votes for their government careers.
There are also struggling hospitals, clinics, skilled nursing facilities, adult day health care programs, etc..
It's unconscionable
If you oppose TOTAL federal control of healthcare: YOU HATE OLD PEOPLE! YOU KILL POOR PEOPLE! 
#SocialismSucks #BankFraudBernie #FreeMarkets
Sure seems like it's cut, when millions of Americans will lose coverage
Not helping to get a good health care plan is shameful. You should people over politics. #RepealAndReplace
#DNCFraudLawsuit justice for #SethRich #BernieWouldHaveWon
#DraftBernie #PeoplesParty THEY had their chance to'fix' it.
Zzzzzzzz.........
If THEY are poisoning US via #MonsantoBayerDuPontSyngentaEcocide & we can't get them to stop, why wld we think THEY wld do anything for US?
Your a shameful thief and lier you should tweet about all that you have done wrong @SenSanders
So don't let it happen
How has the GOP throwers anyone off? Aren't they still on Obamacare? Oh wait, yalls plan is crumbling. So isnt it the Dems fault?
they voted for trump the grandparents of kids on Medicaid voted trump now die sad
My husband became totally paralyzed 2 years ago and he can't live without Medicaid and Medicare, and he needs his insurance with the ACA
The doers never did like the takers they are not like us. Take the takers off the roles then we will talk. We dont mind the needy.
We will say bye bye to those Republicans and hello to the Democrats.
At least ur not talking about the overblown Russia collusion story. Makes me have some respect for you.
Dependency is death to initiative, risk taking, and opportunity. Its time to stop its spread and fight it like the poison it is.
The truly needy wont be just those who are able body & working.
When it effects them is when they will get their heads out of the clouds
Tell us about that socialist paradise, Venezuela:)










But its OK to Tax the middle,Class and Allow,Obama to BANKRUPT US WITH HIS SPENDING.


Why don't you sell your fancy cars and houses and give the money to the poor? Maybe after the FBI is done with your bank fraud case...
ENOUGH! Of empty words! WHY the Democrats instead of TRY to obtain political GAIN with attacks don't COLLABORATE with ANSWERS?
Republicans are all about the right to life when it comes to abortion.  How about the right to a healthy life for all?
there are millions of kids who refuse to sign up today for HC; what about them?
Where is a structure Health Care proposal of Democrats why instead of attacks a serious cooperation is not visible? Political gain only?
It's unconsciable, highly immoral. They call themselves Christian's they never new the meaning of the word,let alone act as one! Shameful.
Obamacare is penalizing 6,5 million Americans billions annually for not buying insanely overpriced insurance.
They do not care
Agreed . One in seven Americans uninsured and a tax break for wealthy. Gifts for donors. Contempt for constituents.
Its barbaric Bernie not shameful. So lucky to be a UK citizen. Can't imagine the anguish these souls suffer
Another day and another complaint from a senator who has done nothing in his time in office.
WORSE THAN SHAMEFUL, IT'S A SIN  AGAINST HUMANITY.  MEDICARE FOR ALL.
Isnt also shameful to try to commit fraud to just enrich yourselves, I think so
Good ole fear mongering....oh Lordy the evil @GOP  boogeyman gonna Git ya! Be afraid....BE AFRAID!
Why don't those constituents throw their republican representatives off of their positions of power in return?
The republicans don't care about the poor. They pander to the least educated and continue to destroy the middle class.
Universal Health Care for all USA citizens! Wake up USA!
A huge block of Herr Drumpf voters are on Medicaid and Medicare and he's still willing to throw them under the bus!!!
Ironic!!
My Down syndrome son is on Medicaid. It's horrible! Can't keep a dr not get treatment. F$ck you for pushing this off on more Americans.
Introduce your bill NOW so people can see there is an alternative! Stop waiting!
Immoral. How do they sleep @ night & look @ themselves in their mirror's?
If the inept government were in charge of our food supply like they are health care.....the country would be starving to death.
I'm one of those people. W/o Medicaid I can't get the mental health treatment, and likely kill myself. But I think that's what they want.
To let the system go bankrupt by continuing to not to address the real issues and add to the debt and do nothing is worse!
Poetic justice
@HuffPost @politico Fear mongering is your specialty.
You're a dip.
The senate should filibuster at this point we are looking at 5 years of no progress. it is up to the State. Now this is second amendment
We can't blame Bernie for the sheer stupidity of his followers.  Without their colossal ignorance, Bernie would just be a bank fraudster.
With all the Russia headlines dominating the news you are focused on healthcare. I assume it's a forgone conclusion now? #LockThemUp
Continue to lie to Americans is shameful.
They actually have to care about the people in order to feel shame over hurting them Senator. This group of Republicans has no soul.
Obama and the democrats loaded Medicare with thousands of people that did not qualify for this program.Thats why it's going broke.
How did people live before the gub'ment screwed up healthcare? #bankfraudbernie
worse...history could think criminal...
This bunch of greedy GOP don't care about their own constituents & they are showing it.  I hope these ppl remember this and vote no to them.
yawn
Never live in the darkness.
Who would vote for a healthcare plan that you can't even read!!??Wake up America..
Dump Trump..
It's disgraceful
Medicaid won't go away, it just won't get bigger.
Your scare tactics are shamefull http://bernie.you  are a seated U.S.senator.Act  like one.
Your wife committed fraud, maybe you should worry about that old man!
The problem is that in their ignorance, they don't realize their predicament.
It's awful that those of us who did not vote for these people are getting the shaft. Repubs seem to have unlimited unchecked power.
To make it as expensive / useless as you did should be criminal
Shameful is an understatement. It's evil.

No Mr Sanders you are shameful
And yet the CBO shows millions losing coverage. You must have a different definition of thrown off
There has to be more to the claims of the liberals than fear. Is that all you've got?
U  have constituents dat would like 2 hear da truth come out of UR mouth & would like for U to stop running 4 President, da election is over
Good ole crazy Bernie
Crazy like a fox. Stop fearing labels, really listen to what he has to say. Our greatest divide is that we don't try to understand (1/2)
You need to support Dan Canon in Indiana. Check him out!
Insurance is a lot easier to pay when you commit bank fraud. Any parties at the 3rd house in upper NY?
It is, but do you honestly think they care?
It's beyond shameful, it's immoral.  They are telling these people that their lives are of no value!
Medicaid is part of social security at age 65, @GOP tactics is 2 kill them b4 they can apply-
Oh Bernie, oh Bernie
Not exactly what will happen
So Bank Fraud Bernie, just how many people did you throw under the bus by not REPAYING YOUR $10 million dollar bank LOAN! You are a FRAUD!
Screw those of us not on Medicaid but can't afford a simple plan. You forced us out of the market by demanding men & old carry maternity!
Employer plans have all covered maternity for decades. This is no different
No shit
Fer'or agin'??
Unconscionable
Your wife attempting to throw intellectual disabled people out of their homes is shameful. Get one of those nasty women tshirts from Hillary
No one is throwing anyone. You're deceitful. Shame on you.
Not shameful, criminal.
http://www.referafriendgetthirty.com/ 
Republicans are going to pay big time in 2018.
see my last tweet , u lying self serving bullshiter
Even republicans who need it. Sad
Get control of drug prices. Otherwise, this thing is a mess.

Maybe you nutcase should not have expanded Medicaid and worked on a real bill those folks could afford. Real solution is not give aways
It's shameful to make your salary despite the lack of substance you provide as a(supposedly) public servant. Professional charlatan.
Shameful is doing what you do, as if you're helping people. You're just denying your own failure as a politician. You never read the bill!!
Somebody tell their constituents then because they keep voting for republicans!  Lol
Bernie, u r a helluva guy to mention "shame" now aren't u? Wud benefit u greatly to just stay off Twitter completely. Stop digging the hole.
Sen Sanders is right they r going to take it away and people need it they can't put out this money so people will die without it this
Not only shameful but conspiracy to commit murder. How long can we tolerate killers in Congress & the White House.
That's why they aren't. Stop lying.
Hey Bernie how's the investigation into you and your wife's crooked business deals going
It's criminal & inhumane. This Admin forgets they're human too
No one is getting thrown off anything. Rate of growth will be slowed and the able-bodied should work and get insurance.
your dishonest representation of GOP health care reform and your fear and hate mongering is what's shameful.
It’s disgusting what these republicans are planning on doing to the millions of patients that depend on Medicaid to survive.
He is full of crap! Accuse others of what you have done! That's just what Russia does too!
Bernie I'm with you. My grandson gets Medicaid. Both parents work. But good paying jobs are hard to find
Why not also attach the removal the government subsidized health care for Congress with the GOP plan for health care for the nation
Whoever feeds and clothes you owns you. I don't need an owner Bernie.
Already happening
Repugs couldnt care less!Should be called repugs Holocaust Healthcare Plan!Let poor &sick &seniors die off!Tax breaks 4 rich more important!
Like this disabled. Veteran. Woho cant even get a va doctors. Appt
Lies. No one is throwing anyone off. You know how to rile your base (useful idiots) though, I'll give you that.
No, Republicans are those working people that got thrown off their health care because they didn't qualify for subsidies under Obamacare.
#BankFraudBernie back to the fear mongering again!
Why don't you volunteer to let some of them live in one of your 3 houses
They should be on Medicare. Did they piss all their money away.
You are ruining this countries healthcare with your government intervention.
They dont care, these guys would have colluded with the nazis if the could make a buck, they have no moral compass, they never will either
Stop lying no one is getting thrown off who really needs Medicare. The folks that are scamming the system will be reduced#healthcarerepeal
An idiot...
To bankrupt a college is shameful too. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp including senators.
Everything GOP does is "shameful" but they still get elected because Fox and GOP own our media
That's because Reps are sociopathic fascists...
I have to pay for my own health care. Why should anyone else be any different?
What's shameful is we the people can't have the same healthcare as you Senator!
To deny health care for any American is shameful! No one wants what the GOP is peddling as healthcare!It's a tax cut for the wealthy!#Resist
They're not - stop the BS!
criminal
Why don't you all in congress go on the same healthcare u pedal to us???
