But Dems hid behind closed doors to pass Obamacare. Remember Pelosi? U have to pass the bill 2 see what's in it. Hypocritical Bernie!
Look up confirmational bias... ill give u a hint. If you cant find anything good obama done for the country your blinded by your ideology
Does him leaving office count? Lol
Im trying to find a trump supporter to debate with but all i get is deflection. Dont you want a country united. If your way is right explain
Has NEVER been united, i.e., Hamilton v Burr. We can be united if you give up Socialism. #MAGA
Why cant you admit he should be running the country.And why attack anyone that tries to hold him accountable.Whos your second pick to trump?
Ted Cruz
In there with the trump supporters talking policies and interacting with the crowd answering all their questions at least i respect that
Will you work with all Dems and Republicans to fix the ACA? if so what would you fix.
Make it single-payer
Already have single payer, go buy insurance for yourself. (Single payer)
I currently purchase my own insurance, but thanks for asking.
I just wish all of my American friends were more educated.
Bernie name one country that has survived a single payer system on health care. All you are interested in is lining your pockets.
Bernard!  You showed your true colors when you didn't sue the DNC and DWS for what they did during the primaries.  We have your number.
Your work is cut out for you. Good luck reaching the fox news Viewers
Aka State news.
Where's the PROOF. Oh, ya don't have any.  Suck it up, you lost.
congratlations
congratulations
You best retire dear ole #BernieSanders bc it appears your wife's a thief & needs some bailing out. #OutFrontCNN
Trump needs some bailing out #feelthebern
Have you even read the bill, Senator?
.@SenSanders I love ya man, but stop helping @DNC be losers. Make the Republicans choose between #MedicareForAll and #AHCA. Expose them.
Where exactly was that commitment to transparency when you were shoving Obamacare down our throats?
why you didn't do anything with O Care? ppl died qith that horribleservice. After 8 years you want to be a hero. But corrupted one
Lets find out what's in your wifes off shore bank
Lair
Ignore his tweets, smoke & mirrors, address policy
Let's talk about Dems Failed ObamaCare.
could have used this zeal, oh, I don't know, 8 years ago...
I agree...and so is Obamacare. Repeal, don't replace.
I am with you Bernie.  Health care should be  a right for all Americans.  Sat no to the Republican HEALTH CARE BILL
How about letting us know what's in your wife's loan documents?
Put Bernie on Obamacare instead of his senator plan and watch his perspective change before your very eyes.
If the Dems would have made sure 100% of Americans understood AHCA it wouldn't exist. Now it's imploding in our face! Cratering!
What a crock!! Hope you and your family stay very healthy should this ever go through! U donut like AHCA? Y not fix it instead of this crap?
Definition of crock...premiums doubled in 5 yrs, limited choice and insurers running away like a wildfire. That's the crock.
Wish you had the same drive to tell the ppl what was in obamacare when that was passed in secret..
Thank you
Or how Senators and there wives commit bank fraud
Your job is to repeal Obamacare.
19th obamacare co-op folds, 4 left. This is what you gave the middle class for healthcare. Why would anyone listen to you
oh, you read this one? how does it compare to what the demorats gave us
The Cost if Health Care
The first reason for the high cost of insurance.
It begins at the judicial system. Frivolous and unjust lawsuits
You go out and talk,but in reality,you wealthy people are in for yourselves,you Dem. & Rep. Are all come & crooks.in for yourselves
Thanks for all you do!
Instead of working to find a good one for all Americans you are happy criticizing and you'll be happy if the president fails! Shame on you!!
They are going to comitt shoot them selfs out of Congress, Senate, and WH for a long, log time. Their own base are going to burn them alive
This ipocrats of the Republican party should pass their plan. I am sure after that they are going to be able to see the WH only  IN PICTURES
Bernie...let´s kick some ass.... it´s requisite and necessary at this point.
All talk and NO ACTION!!!
Well, HELP fix it!!!!!
You will have lots of time to protest when you and your wife are in prison
@SenSanders Your "job" should be trying to keep yourself out of trouble from the Feds.Damn greedy capitalists!
I'm afraid. What will become of me? I'm very ill and on Medicaid. I know my gov. doesn't care about me now. They've proved it.
Nobody cares for you bro. Only white college kids who think they'll get everything free bro. Small baller.
"Wealth-Care"?
Obamacare not failing or dying, SOBs Trump & @SenateMajLdr are puposely KILLING IT! No one else to blame but @GOP leaders!

@cnnbrk @POTUS44
Our Savior
Let them also know that crap you guys passed called the ACA is much worse and dependent on the nanny state. How many lose on ACA????
you just dont want to lose the insurance you have. The new bill makes senators have the same as people
Yeah, just like we all knew what was in the disastrous Obamacare.   What exactly did Nancy Pelosi say back then?
Why didn'tyou call Obama Care disastrous? It clearly caters to insurance & Pharmaceutical companies NOT for we the people.
How is it disastrous? Right now under the bill YOU supported, millions cannot afford and are penalized for not having coverage.
Damn Straight! #DraftBernie for #ThePeoplesParty #BernieOrBust
You DO realize those of us without healthcare is BECAUSE of Ocare right? Had it till then. Got too expensive. #replyfromyourthirdhouse
Our job is to make sure that you  and your wife are 100% investigated for bank fraud.
Our Reps pass bills that have only 17% approval of the people because they don't serve the people they serve lobbyists & spec interests 4 $.
Focus on your personal issues Mr. Sanders. You have bigger problems than spouting your nonsense
.... just sayin
Did you commit bank fraud with your wife and are you anti Christian?
I'm kinda curious about your finances, too. How about putting the whole FBI investigation to rest by coming clean before lecturing on ACA?
There you go Bernie like an evangelist send your money & ill live high off the hog w/your $$$. How's the new beach house & sports car doing?
We know that it still contains far too many of the disastrous "Obamacare" provisions. You should be happy for the GOP to own that mess.
Expel BO Bernie from the Senate, he belongs in JAIL
You continue the attacks but offer no solutions. How is your fraud investigation going? See that's the problem with government."corruption"
Instead, how about you coming clean on your hypocrisy you fraudulent snob? #BankFraudBernie
Bernie the sellout and greedy scammer!! #LockHimUp
"OUR" job is to keep you as far away from anything related to lots of money as possible... including healthcare... #Bernie4Prison
And the100% of ur supporters are looking forward for the punishment of Hrc,Ur wife,Sold Out Bernie.Democrats sellout Americans.No MuslimCare
Thank you Bernie for all your efforts.  At least someone cares about the American people!
If not, USA will be tore apart from the inside out. We're tired of watch this happen & being run by RU.
Our people are in under constant pressure of lack of funds to keep up now, Don't allow this Circus to continue. FIx it. Get DT out of the WH
Bernie, please all of you stop lagging on RU & HC. We can't wait until 2018. This country can't be strung along for another 12 mo.
Deflect from the fact YOU and Wifey are being investigated.   #hypocrite
Your job now is finding a good lawyer for you and your wife  
who wrote it ALEX , Ins. and Big Pharma . Do they even know what is in it ? I love you Bernie ! Kick ass and take names
Then tell the truth your lieing to the people go read the bill people your being lieing to and deceived about the bill big time
7&Counting no clue#I don't know how the P P can face the American people
No. Your job is to quit lying about it. To do as the American people want
But dumbass not as bad as Obama care
But you can't do that by distorting the facts. 15/22 million will become uninsured by choice so the # is way over inflated.
I can't understand why the richest country in the world, can't afford universal healthcare? Greed?
indeed
I dont understand why dont the goverment do like many european country does like in Portugal you can go to an hospital.. no problem
Let's see how much you scream from behind bars with your wife. Quit preaching when you and wife are not squeaky clean.
Took your $10 million away didn't it? Awww poor baby!
Bernie! Bernie! Bernie! Bernie!
Thank you, Sen. Sanders for giving a voice and fighting for the American people. God bless you and God bless America 
You rank right up there with the most dishonest and hypocritical pols in history, I hope you are removed from office and shamed 4 ur crimes
We need to see the FBI investigation of your crooked wife, you and her should prepare to make restitution to your victims
You voted for Obamacare you liar! The only reason this is being dealt with is because Obamacare is melting down! Dems created the fiasco
Lawyer up
Tell your wife its free in jail!!!!
Sell out Sanders
And Obamacare is better?
Are you sure it's not finding out why you are under investigation for bank fraud?
Bernie Sanders you are amazing. Thank you for your dedication.
Answer one question, is this bill better than Ocare? Nevermind I wouldn't believe anything SenSellout says.
Currently Obama Care is the disaster yet you refuse to acknowledge the truth.
The battle to save #ACA has only just begun! #healthcare must move forward. Lend your voice to the chorus
Only you could bankrupt a college and close it down.  #BernieMath
& also @SenSanders what is #NOT in the #wealthcare bill!

Bernie? Bank Fraud? Really? @SenSanders call me but watch what you say lol the Feds are listening #BernieBankFraud 
Feeling the burn yet Bernie lol
Plz introduce Medicare 4 everyone! Even many Republicans r for it as well! Now is the time!

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
You know what a truly good man he is because he STILL tries to help even though the #DEMS / #DNC dicked him big time. Fools they are.
#BernieSanders would have one. He is who we needed. #DamnTheDems
free healthcare for everyone
So when u find out, u will let us know?
No way could Bernie lead this country. Now the Sanders are under fraud investigation. But he won't comment. Flim Flam Family
Some are still going to believe trump
Don't let the GOP as well touch our SS
I thought our job was to ensure that every American has a right to healthcare. Don't ask for half the loaf Bernie, ask for the whole loaf!
1000's of people have died with Obamacare, not because of Obamacare but because 1000's of people die every year. #stopfearmongering
Your job is to represent Vermont. 
Hey BURN-KNEE, heard you have some financial troubles, eh? Ripped some people off eh, Socialist? LMMFAO
If dems wanna know the tral truth, read what's in Obama care bill. It's the same.
Just be careful. Those sharks are coming after you.
And pay no mind to what's in crooked Bernie's bank fraud
Luv you Bernie!  You are my hero!
So we can forget the Obozo careFailure. you haven't made attempt to or mentioned repair ming it when you didnt even read Obozo care voted it
Hired any good lawyers lately?
BERNIE! shut up & get an attorney !!!
#doublestandards
You have the best insurance our government has to offer.  You have no idea what real Americans need. #termlimits #soldout #beachhouse
Where the hell were you when that Piece Of Crap Obamacare Bill was being Ram-Rodded through the Senate?  That was/is disastrous!
Yaye.... And there is, Is...
Our job now is to figure out what's going on with #BankFraudBernie
Ok if it sucks that bad instead of going on with a rant get in there and help out meet in the middle. #fraud 
What's in the bill is good for America.  What don't you like?  Obamacare is broken and you won't fix it.
Seriously
No one lives forever
Bernie, how's the FBI investigation into you and your wife's bank fraud case? @realDonaldTrump
#bankfraudbernie
#FeelTheBankFraud
#doublestandards
Shut up  crooked Bernie 
In all honesty ACA is also a disaster.
HOW? Do you have plans for spreading this info? I have seen NO ads/commercials. You & dems are INEFFECTUAL. @chrislhayes
As our leaders, Dems should provide solutions to the problem, #OnePayer, while preventing greed-ridden, sociopathic Bill from going forward.
Our job is to get your wife into the cell!
Bernie, no.Our job now is to make sure 100% of the American people know that you and your wife are thieves that defrauded a bank out of 10M$
Go directly to jail. Do not pass GO.
It is sad that nobody thinks of poor , or middle class
Universal health care for all. Single payer now is the time
They should call it "the we don't care bill"
Obviously, you don't.
Just remember this guy >>> @SenSanders also refused to show his tax returns & filled for 3 FEC extensions to hide campaign donors
Take your meds and go to sleep, haven't you embarrassed yourself enough for one night?
Ok Bern 2 weeks and you better have something that is fiscally responsible and not keep yelling "it's free"
Well, well, clearly you still don't even know what was in the disastrous Obamacare that you Dems forced upon us.
When it comes to their health and safety, they don't hesitate to spend their..."our tax money."  No hesitation.
What's disastrous is government being involved in our heath care and in too damn much of our lives.  Down with socialism and kooks like you.
Bernie ACA with insurers fleeing who is covering the people. That plan is killing millions. Bernie how's the fraud case going?
nothing's as bad as Obamacare. No freedom of choice! Sucks!
Educating people is by far the best way path to creating a healthcare system that works. #topbloke #smart
U need to concentrate on what lie you and your wife are gonna tell to not go to prison Bernie boy
Congress should have to live with the same system as the people who elected you
Absolutely true. If Govt is determined to get in healthcare business all covered legislators should be on the same plan as constituents.
Bernie is a idiot
this bill is a disaster.
Coming from a thief , no thanks
Hey Bern I just talked to hillary she said you can barrow her hammer & bleach for those pesky emails #10mill #600kcashhouse #thebitterpill
