Campus sexual assault is a major problem that must be dealt with. We must do everything possible to make sure our campuses are safe for all.
This decision does a disservice to those who have worked hard to address sexual violence. Congress must now act to undo it.
Another fool!
Did I read that she is now "revisiting" these regulations?
Who would've known putting Wal-Mart in charge of our education system would be a bad idea? #FUCKDEVOS
Sorry, you communist piece of shit, but in America we have due process, unlike the socialist shitholes you swoon over. 
Stop taking it easy on the old commie, Kurt!
Please, somebody, lock her in a padded room.
Why padded? I'm fine with locking her in a spiked room.
Best to always be kind to the limited among us.
It is obvious, the plan is erase everything Obama did no matter who suffers or dies.
Is that all you bloodsucking vial parasites can do is put down our President and listen to a pathetic cenial old man like Bernie Sanders?
I don't get why this administration, all of them are so intent in dismantling everything that Obama did. Don't they have any original ideas?
Shut up Bernie!
As a domestic violence/sexual violence survivor, her choice of words and this fight is reprehensible. She is unqualified. @BetsyDeVosED
Cause she is a idiot
Seem simply wants it fair for both sides, instead of a witch hunt on all males. Do you ever stand up for males rights?
a shame how much of a tool Trump appointees are with no respect for the right thing just anything to illuminate Obama's accomplishments.
Eliminate.... sorry, auto spell correct sucks.
she "volunteered" in sexual assault program? Or a white boy suffered being accused of SA
Sorry Bernie but that law was not equal justice to men. Do you ever stand up for men's rights?
so everything AGAIN ?? mister obama
She is a disgrace to women everywhere.
This women is disgusting !
GOP on mission undoing everything President Obama did regardless  harm America especially women children GOP doing this in gleeful rapture
This administration has a bizarre obsession with destroying Obama's legacy. Mean-spirited, petty, pathetic.
Oh no. More identity politics from the left. Sky is falling, earth will stop spinning.   Oh no.
Why would she do this?
Same ppl who claim guns protect women frm rape sup DeVos plan 2overturn Obama's initiative that protected women frm sexual assault on campus
One more example of a Trump admin determined to undo everything the Obama admin put in place.   It's wrong!
WTF????!!!
This is reduculous! Protect our babies! One in 4 of our girls are raped on campus. Help us. @BetsyDeVosED
Frat boys usually get off. Don't you watch the news? Just killed a couple of pledges during hazings recently.
Trump has hired some real "winners" ! DeVos is a strange one to not want to protect women.. Simply because  OBAMA legislated it UNREAL!! 
As morally corrupt as DeVos is, she'll not be in her position forever and can watch while the next qualified person burns her policies.
Yes outrageous. Asking permission to cop a feel or remove an article of clothing. I'd tell you to " grow up" but...
Its all about that president. Undoing his presidency. Like he never existed.
Umm isn't this considered double jeopardy
Her boss is a sexual predator so there's that... but agree it would be disgusting!
Throwing due process into the toilet does NOT protect women.
Deconstruct
She made an outrageous announcement that due process exists on college campuses.
SHAME ON YOU,DEVOS

Somebody should advise her to avoid pink.
Democrats love making excuse for criminals.  Unless it's a white dude having drunken sex with a sorority slut.  GUILTY
Absolutely HORRIFYING! Does this woman have any daughters, certainly she has a mother! Bet her mom would have wanted her protected, don't u?
@BetsyDeVosED UFCKGCUNT
How much protection do women need? It's getting to the point where men are gonna start needing protection from all these idiotic laws.
I'm not sure you understood the issue
Like who's even asking for this stuff?
We have a sexual predator as a @POTUS so why is it a surprise "we" are gonna protect predators? Shame on you though, @BetsyDeVosED.
Another original leftist caused problem by creating coed dorms, bathrooms, showers etc and then wonder where the problem came from
Ignoring again the problem with initiative of ignoring due process and her promise to create better protections for all involved
Another joke. That you have to shake your head at to prevent yourself from crying 
Is she an idiot? I can not imagine what the real reasoning behind this is..no good reason truly unbelievable 
Don't forget that everything she does must be approved by Trump
Look at her, she has the stunned deer in the headlights look.  She has no idea what's going on. Someone is feeding her lines.
The stunned look is called Botox
Good one

Tell the whole story, Bern
#BetsyDeVos Her philosophy can apply to all crimes. How many people were falsely accused of crimes. Let's get rid of police?
Her 'philosophy' means pursuing the truth, protecting the rights of victims & the rights of the accused as enshrined in the Constitution.
You can say that about any crime. Let's stop investigating all crimes?
Rape survivors who speak out are heroines and should be viewed as that & protected.
The. Worst.
she's not just drinking the Koolaid she's passing it out...
Why is it these Trumpian appointees come up with them most disastrous ideas ever for their policy?  What is next? Mandatory puppy kicking?
Trump appointed them to destroy the very offices they are appointed to.  They also all belong to the ULTRA rich club!!
She's pathetic, like her boss. #TitleIX
She wants to destroy the Department of Education. She is a charter school advocate. And private college
Secretary DeVos is the most ridiculous, under qualified and damaging of all the Trump Cabinet members.
What about Scott Pruitt at the EPA?
Good thing it's a woman trying to roll back protection of America's daughters on campuses! Watch The Hunting Ground doc if you need a clue!
I cannot understand republican women, they hate women too
That's because they are Stepford wives
She's jealous
she's delusional...
Calling someone 'delusional' presupposes their desire to make an (erroneous) informed decision ~ Her desires have no such constraints..
As a men's tights activist, I'll go to bed and sleep well tonight knowing that gender equality under the law is restored. Thank you, DeVos.
I hope 
she is never sexually assaulted
she never has to beg to be believed
she never has to justify her dress
@BetsyDeVosED is unqualified
Perhaps Devos wil fall victim to her decision. Perhaps karma will serve justice to Devos
Bernie must of forgotten his sexist attacks on Hillary, you helped this abomination into power #ItsOnYouBernie

awww blob tryin to be witty try harder
You know, for some reason, I can't find any sexist attacks from Bernie. Could you help me out here?
yeah sure its called most of the campaign bs he spewed and google it not here to do research for bros
Yes, I understand that, but still can't find it. May someone else needs to do their research?
yeah maybe you and ur fellow bros I'm not the one on twitter asking for info, bye
Alright, I think that you just confirmed what I thought: Bernie is not, and never will be, a sexist
Hard core conservatives think only white healthy males matter. Everyone else exists to serve them.
Below ground parking garages, back roads, and college campuses are now my top three "where I'll never feel safe again" places. Great.
Sen. Sanders, how do we,as a ppl, go about getting rid of these persons(&appointees)in OUR White House? To whom do we write,speak, BEG???
( I am seriously posing this question to you, as a registered voter-who voted for you, btw)
@BetsyDeVos WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?
I second that. Betsy DeVos what is wrong with you? Have you no scruples? Are you just a yes girl for the "cat"  grabbing president?
@HuffPost @politico As usual, you ignore the facts.  She's addressing concerns of leading law professors, and civil libertarions.
Translation:  Bernie actively supports sham courts that purposefully convict the innocent.  Hmmm

@BetsyDeVos WHY??  What is the upside for protecting those who assault women?  Did @realDonaldTrump, "Assaulter-in-chief", influence you?
She's a traitor to her gender.
You will live to regret this, Betsy
No silly Bernie - it's to require more proof rather than lynching the accused on a say-so. Innocent until proven guilty? Remember that?
Worst kind of criminal
Deregulate rape. Not a new GOP initiative.
Elections have consequences.  
#HillaryClinton  #lookinthemirror
You know, because "boys will be boys" is the go to blanket statement excuse.
Of course,if you just ruin the lives of everyone who is accused, you will protect those who are victims. But what about the falsely accused?
The 1 in 5 claim cited in 2011 was proved wrong by #Obama's DOJ in 2014. http://thefederalist.com/2014/12/11/new-doj-data-on-sexual-assaults-college-students-are-actually-less-likely-to-be-victimized/ …
@BetsyDeVosED do you not have daughters? Do you just think girls are "p**ck teases" and boys are totally innocent? This isn't 1950. Wake up.
She's a sick cruel woman that doesn't deserve any type of respect. She's a disgrace to the office! @HouseGOP @BetsyDeVosED
Acedemia can't even manage their books.... your wife is proof!
It didn't protect women!  It turned College admin into non-professional legal enforcement and they consistently fail both sides.  Terrible.
Bernie your the problem keeping things going lets all just get along!
There's a special hot place in hell reserved for her.
Saddest part is this pathetic excuse of a human being is a woman overturning this initiative! 
Her announcement was about protecting the accused. Very few men are falsely accused, but most think they are falsely accused.
Devos has got to be stopped. Way to go Senator Capito. Capito has got to go @SenCapito

she's a nutter!!
Another puppet of the emperor without clothes destroying progress
Yes
More undoing of what the right claims Obama didn't do....
@BarneyFrank too on this... guys! this WITCH. rescinding sexual ASSAULT guidelines?! the inmates are running the asylum.
This is what happens when the job goes to least qualified highest bidder. Disgusting. @BetsyDeVosED is a disgrace!
She's real twisted as a woman
Give me a break,Bernie Title 9 interpretation was nonsense Somewhere between where we were and this took us appropriate, not outrageous- pls
Before finalizing your opinion, please learn both sides:
I'm not surprised  , she works for man which is bragging about grabbing  women genetalia  !
B. Sanders made similarly outrageous statement implicitly when this tweet confirmed he is still breathing. #YouCausedThisAsshole
Ignore her she's a POS!!!
Like she had the brains to come up with any idea whatsoever.  45 is telling her to undo anything Obama.
OUTRAGEOUS and UNACCEPTABLE
She is doing what is best for you childern. Unlike to prior admin that tried to distroy American.
She is a disgrace to humanity. 
Why is this woman in any type of job where common sense & good morals is needed. She needs to be fired.
The king slowly but surely is going down pretty soon he will beand his outrageous policies will just be a bad memory but off the books
Yes she did!!!  Yay for her!!!
@BetsyDeVosED Just when you think you've "met" all of tRump's regime here comes another ridiculous assh0le around the corner! #freakshow
I don't know how you can use the word outrageous in regards to anything in this administration anymore??
Anything with Obama's signature on it, they're gonna get rid of. I wish he signed their foreheads!
My God when is domething going to done about this whole administration   DeVos is a child's and all others women's worst enemy.
I am so tired of being angry at something new every, fricken, day. This admin in taking years off of my life.
Yes!!! Every day!!!
All social and environmental progress the USA made the previous 8 years is being flushed down the drain. Disgusting.
This is a very stupid woman. What is she thinking? How to lick my boss' ass?
.@BetsyDeVosED #RESIGN
Monster.
Go home Betsy.
Too many entitled friends with badly mannered entitled children.
The administration concept of overturning without replacing is a disaster. Removing is not improving!
I do not understand this admin. Undoing everything President Obama did, just out of spite. How petty.
DeVos your job is to protect women so they can get get an education with being sexually assaulted.
Yikes without being sexually assaulted.
None of these appointees of Trump are unqualified for their offices. He only wanted rich people to serve in his administration.
Trump in female form.
This woman has no moral compass.
This woman is truly evil.
Rape is rape on a campus or off! Perhaps enforcing laws on the books might cut through red tape the DNC has proven to be excellent at making
She has no business in her position. So unqualified!
What about those wrongly accused who never even get their day in court?What about due process?What about "innocent until proven guilty"
isn't there one guy on the hill that has the balls to whack her with a 2x4
What is wrong with this horrible woman?
 how much hate can a person have for another's accomplishments.  Women are victimized in many ways. How can you love with yourself?
Law, courts & police protect women. Threatening colleges to convict or lose fed funding creates a conspiracy against men & due process.
This woman is just as monsterish as DT
Good thing title IX wasn't around when @BillClinton was raping women. @HillaryClinton would have had a much tougher time defending him.
I will hold back my comment until I research for my self
What do you think about the Election in Germany wich Party would you choose
she is an embarrassment to her sex
She is a c u next Tuesday.  Crass? YES. True?  Also YES.
That's the Betsie we need to protect the real victims. The rapists. On the other hand - False allegations are as evil as an actual assault
False accusations are a form of reverse rape
The accused has to prove innocence
But dismantling title IX is not the path to fixing the problem. Title IX should stay
@BetsyDeVos doesn't mean schools have to drop the guidelines. She is not going to win.
Every act of this administration w/ regards to civil rights is undoing of legal precedences which were hard fought & won. Authoritarianism.
@SecDeVos is taking woman backwards and taking away our right to protection how sick is that B...h ???
Is she out of her mind she can't be serious
@BetsyDeVos
what is wrong with this administration. If it has anything to do with Obama.They painstakingly get rid of it at the expense of human beings
Good. Because there are two sides to sexual allegations and it's up to the Courts to decide; not our President! Innocent until PROVEN guilty
Yeah, fuck DeVos for not wanting courts wherein the accused don't get representation, cross examination or even real counseling!

Wayment.... she does not hold any degrees .. but she in charge of our education....
I believe she has a BA from a evangelical christian university snd it's not in education  She's out of touch with the general population.
@BetsyDeVosED Indeed, the woman spent 25 of her 30 minute speech deriding the Obama directive, yet offered no clear future actions.
Heartless and evil
She is just as shamefully out of touch with reality and 45!
All of DT's appointees have done same in their areas: sabotage & undermine science, civil rights, environmental protections etc. What to do?
Dems need new young people running for office. DNC out of touch& won't win elections til come up w a vision not just identity politics
Dems want to flood US with immigrants and reduce it to poverty.
Hardly. Dems want young vibrant hardworking Americans like many immigrants
Great idea.
Have a cotton "pickin" contest and give green cards to the winners.
Y Import Mexican,Hatian Muslim trash"
Good Lord! I hope neither she or women in her family or women close to ol' Betsy get raped and Betsy's decree PROTECTS their rapist.
From a man who wrote:http://www.npr.org/sections/itsallpolitics/2015/05/29/410606045/the-bernie-sanders-rape-fantasy-essay-explained …
Mr Devos
Good move
what in the world would be a valid excuse for this?  Trump's anti-Obama mob rolls on...
Right now, colleges do not have to give due process to those accused of rape an can expel them with the lowest burden of proof.
