Tune in today at 11 AM for my speech on the rise of authoritarianism in the U.S. and around the world. https://www.facebook.com/carnegieendowment/ …
You are a danger to our democracy! CC: @realDonaldTrump
That coming from a guy who helped his wife with bank fraud. Who has been under investigation for almost a year
I can: The guy who ran on forcibly redistributing every dollar we earn. "Vote for me & I'll force other people to buy you things," he said.
I guess you disapprove of the wonderful healthcare and colleges they have in Europe? Hint hint: everyone pays and everyone is covered.
And I suggest you spend some time in Europe, as I have, before holding forth with the next set of talking points about how wonderful it is.
Can you be more specific about what you disapprove of? And I have been to Europe btw. Nice assuming.
I disapprove of anyone being forced to buy things without their consent.
Do u consent to buying car insurance ?
Well-stayed. I cldn't have said it better myself. Thanks for putting all the pieces together, Bernie!
Try Obama and his Saul Alinsky inspired eight years
That is his style. I ljke him.
Then your memory sucks. Go learn more about FDR.
Hmmmm let's see, how about Obama? I guess the fact the Supreme Court voted 9-0 under Obama than any other President means nothing?
I guess your memory isn't so good since you sold your soul to Satan, eh? Every President over the last 50 years has been more authoritarian!
because he has no intention on taking it seriously. It's just a game, the DJT Showsad.
It would have been Clinton if elected. She makes Trump look like a pussy cat.
You got screwed by Hilary and you are ticked off at Trump, get a clue!
You couldn't remember your vote on the crime bill either
But I bet you forgave Hillary for calling minorities super predators while she was doing a national tour supporting it right?
Burnie:
Never held a regular job.
Never created any jobs.
Spent his whole life spewing his commie rhetoric.
He has consistently called out the 1% for all their greed and governance that enriches themselves. He's done this for decades.
Thats because he's a commie socialist.
Since the campaign he has since bought 2 houses with the $$ Killary paid him off with.
He's a good man, he cares about the disadvantaged and speaks truth to power.
Oh....
OK
Leaders lead.
Boop beep. The man advocates the single most violent religion on the planet; socialism.
Keep up the good work meatsack.
BANK FRAUD!!!
You just said it's pathetic to attack people in public life, yet you attack @POTUS. Hypocrite.
You are a Socialist/Communist and you criticize Trump!!!  Get real and lets find out about your and your wife's bank loans...corruption???
Having a spineless wimp for the last eight years truly made us forget what leadership & strength are about.
Did u forget we had a Pres named FDR
You're probably not thinking!  Get off the juice!  Have you forgotten Obama already?  If so, can you tell the rest of us the secret!
How short if your memory? America isn't even than old, bub. I can name 7
Name em.
Lincoln, Roosevelt, Roosevelt, Jackson, Monroe, Harding, and Washington
Thanks for replying to me. Jackson? Whoa yeah, scary guy, power hungry as all get out. Washington though? Huh?
Washington wouldn't shake hands with "commoners"
And that's authoritarian??? Cause that was the original prompt.
Well, he owned slaves too. But that's an easy one. He viewed himself and the presidency as something above the common man.
Arrogance = authoritarian?
WHAT ABOUT THE LOVE AFFAIR YOU HAD WITH THE  CRACKPOT BEFORE HIM WD HAVE DESTROTED  THE FREE WAY LIFE WE HAVE NOW. YOUR ILK HATE THAT
President Mussolini
Mussolini was a Prime Minister
Using unexpected language or anachronisms to juxtapose contexts is the joke, but you are historically correct, no doubt.
When Trump goes down they go down too like extra pins.
Trump ain't going nowhere for another 7.5 years. Good try though.
No 71-year-olds I know say with surety that they will be around for another 7.5 years:))
Well Pence seems pretty healthy!
When Trump goes down he will take other pins with him - Bannon, Miller, KillyAnne, Spicy, and all his other alt-right crew. Worth Pence.
Not gonna happen! Lol But even if so Paul Ryan would be President after Pence.
Why are you so worried about what will happen with the Trumpers? What is this admin doing for you, personally, that makes you defend them?
You should save all your money for your and your wife's legal defense fund.
Conclusive evidence that you have dementia, you old Socialist fool. Obama was most imperious, dictatorial, unlawful president n U.S. history
Tell your colleagues they must embrace non establishment types for office or else 2020 will not be the victory you hoped for
I can, he just left office! #MAGA #PERSIST 
You're in the wrong site. Think you meant to go to @WhiteMenOnly site.
There's good news for those he blocked on Twitter.
you better focus on your legally worries
Hey @SenSanders do you have a dollar I could borrow ? No !
Oh rlllllyyy
Probably isn't much you do remember
He also has leadership qualities that you haven't seen especially in a mirror
You and uur wife stole from your investors now you will go to prison.
#Me 2 @SenSanders! Ever so #scary. I #am scratching my #head. Disturbed at #those #who #voted for #Trump & the #Russians involvement 2. Help
What R your #thoughts @MomMomCrabcakes ??
You need to proclaim on MSM that our Presidency has been hijacked by a lying criminal conspiracy.
Besides you're a bloody socialist and socialists love authoritarianism. You would have been just as bad and probably worse. Pot meet kettle
Weren't you alive during FDR's term?... the democrat hero who actually intered ppl based on race?
You can't remember Shit, and that is your problem.
He doesn't want to be dictator. Too much work. He wants to be king. And communications director. #impeach45 lazy loser
Can't remember a Senator w/ more socialist/communist tendencies who wants government control over our lives than Sanders. PWR TO THE PEOPLE
What did you do?  Hibernate through Obama's presidency?
Don't you have your own problems to worry about Bern?
lol, Bernie, you crazy fool.
wake up america
Go home, Bernie.  You're drunk!
I hear all of the criticisms, and accusations from the Democrats, but what have you did legally, to stop this guy, and protect the public???
U R either a liar or have early old timers disease.Mr. O was king of Exec malfeasance,IRS,Benghazi,Fast & Furious, NSA, shit on Constitution
Feelings of inadequacy and insecurity manifestations
Really? How about Barack Obama?
Dementia setting in, Bern? #Obama was his name.
Sounds like a memory problem to me, you should get that looked at. I know a doctor in Venezuela.
Wrong. That's what commies and socialists are. Shut up with your ignorant rhetoric. You and your wife are being investigated for fraud! Ha!
you might want to see your dictor
This is coming from a man who is & was paying millions for disrupters to be at all the Trump rallies to cause Mayhem & violence .
bewildered bernie's face is legendary
put it on mt rushmore
Someone needs to have authority while all the cry baby finger pointing liars obstructors haters inflictors of pain and injury run amuck.
Democrat you can criticized trump call him what ever you like but he is still wining 5-0
The is not authoritarian. It is a 3 year old temper tantrum.
I agree Senator.
Hypocrisy: Everyone forgot that Partriot Acts made USA into police state? Obama signed #NDAA.  Trump enjoys powers given by Obama & Congress
And what are you going to do about it?
He is really trying to out due president Jackson
Yes, false Messiah, ego-obsessed Bernie.  Thanks for giving us Trump, u SOB.
Duh, you don't have to look too far. Check out Obamas administration
* it seems to be strong way to make and  bring u.s.a faster... Now
shame on you sir for being bullied by Clinton and dropping out of the running
Many people feel this way, but I don't believe that's necessarily the case.
Been a while since we had true leader huh. Y'all confusing the two
Hello
No need to explain. He's dangerous.
Impeach him
You took a dive for $$ & campaigned for Hillary; leaving ur supporters Stunned! Now ur in the top 1% & keep pushing poverty. Ur a HYPOCRITE!
You are the butt of jokes among Demo's now,costing them votes each time you open that gate mouth,so hush up BARN.
Please do yourself a favor and just GO AWAY
Obviously sir, you overlooked the Philippine president.
Indeed Bernie 
Boop beep, embrace central authority meatsacks. It's the fastest route to the end of your species.
When will @realDonaldTrump be impeached?
Must have already forgotten about Obama.....at youre age I guess it is to be expected
Because your memory has gone up in smoke! Loser, coward against the Clintons-you couldn't handle the job so put a sock in it!
Thank you for pointing this out.
...and such ideas.
Franklin Delanor Rosevelt
Yeah, because there's never been one with more autocratic tendencies. Should definitely have been a red flag for everyone who voted for him.
#FUD Bernie is mentally challenged. Socialism makes the brain soft.
Ditto#
He is making America white again or he thinks he is lmfao is just a matter of time
Matter of time for what?
That for sure I watche the nixon film, he told protestors 'presidents don't have much power',somehow the right wing puppet trump has it
Hitler was a socialist Bernie
I bet you & Joseph Stalin would have a lot in common if you were president.
The question is what can you remember?
He cannot perform his duties of a President
How about you cut your salary to pay for health care benefits period you're obviously not earning the taxpayers money!
Love you Bernie!
There never has been a President who was more authoritarian, nor as  condescending to all who dare disagree with him. #sad #magafailure
Ur dangerous, idiot.
I get sick of people like you talking down about Trump he is doing a amazing job god bless him
Oh please stop with the fake News voting for Trump in 2020
@realDonaldTrump policies are frightening on a level NO ONE HAS EVER  EXPERIENCED. Why would any repub making less than $100K support him?
Bernie. Hey Bernie. Yeah you Bernie. Can you just stop now. You peaked too late in life my friend.
You must have been asleep the past 8 years with Obama as president. A socialist complaining about a authoritarian

Haven't you learned from your dangerous rhetoric?!
How about Former President Obama!
Except Obama
With all due respect I do. His name was Saddam Hussein and he made Iraq great again.
#AmericanTaliban #TraitorInChief
@SenSanders Hugo, Petro, Recep, Nursultan, Vladimir, Alexander, Joseph...
Says the guy that wants to limit your rights

Me either
Age might have you forgetting BO
Stop medical insurance, it is time for Universal Health Care
You mean somebody who stands up to the Democrats and doesn't take a beating without fighting back
I Remember Johnson, Nixion when I was in high school we had a bulliten board with the name and pictures of the students die in Vietnam.
Bernie, after 8 yrs. of weak leadership, people were thirsty for a take-charge person, Trump or anyone.This may be different but was needed.
He is dangerous
Did you forget about Obama already?
Poor Democrats 
He thinks because he bullied his employees, he can bully everybody
Memory a bit fuzzy Bernie? Obama used IRS against Church's & conservatives, sold Guns to Mexican criminals, Evil EPA
He doesn't care about the majority of the American people.
Me neither
True! Tanks for all Big Bernie!
Says the man who says the government is corrupt yet wants to expand government control ....
Who cares what you remember Bernie?  Seriously, who cares?
Has Trump put people in internment camps? No, but Progressive hero FDR did.
Not yet, but he'd like to (all Muslims).
I doubt you can remember yesterday
Shut up Bernie you're a back that supported criminal Hillary.
U sound tough until one of Hillary's thugs put u into place.
I believe we just had a president that said I have a pen and a cell phone
Well, you are as old as dirt, so your memory goes waaaaaaay back bernard
says the old socialist goat that took hush money from Hillary, who has more criminal tendencies then any politician in modern times...
Dude stop with the inciting rhetoric
FDR literally put people in camps.
I'm crying AND I'm scared
You have a short, bad memory, Bernie
A brilliant woman many years ago once told me "REPUBLICANS are for the RICH, DEMOCRATS are for the POOR and ELDERLY!
Probably because we haven't had one.
At least his people aren't out there shooting congressman like yours are
Don't use the words "I can't remember" Bernie. They'll  start saying you're 2old to run even though you can run circles around ALL of them!
This kind of talk leads to assassination. Is that what u r trying to get your supporters to do despite your protest about the "duck shoot".
"Everyone should be equal in our society.
"I'm buying my fourth house in July."
The only authoritarian you've been victimized by lately is Hillary Clinton when she hacked the DNC primaries
President executive order, whose tenure ended a mere six months ago, doesn't come to mind?
The @MiamiHerald says you can't remember who @Tim_Canova is.  Care to correct the record on that?
He looks up to&upraised dictators-not a big stretch...
Really?
#wiretap #unmask #surveillance #NSA #ObamaLibrary
Of course, 1 of the only 2 bonafide progressive senators needs to shut up and go away. That will not happen./1
So true Bernie
I can't imagine anyone disagreeing on your points how dangerous trump is. Trump is so removed from caring for my country. Money is his God.
Wow and you have been alive for at least 45 of them.
Bush jr
But Mr Sanders, Pence, Ryan, McConnel all stand ready to defend his every utterance! They work for him to win!
are we a little jealous?
FDR.  Look him up, a lot of his policies put us in this mess.
There are two political parties in America.  The authoritarians and the corporatists.
Trump is Jealous of Putin ...
His base want this. They are without doubt the most brainwashed humans on the planet since Hitler's reign.
Pardon me. Sorry to butt in but Hitler founded the Atheist religion
Damn have u gotten alsheimers, Dementia, hit in the head Look no futher than the would be Muslim King
Can you not remember as far back as Barack H. Obama?
