
Bernie didnt think we'd find his 1987 footage stating tht “If we expanded Medicaid to everybody we will bankrupt USA”
Swirly , Does you Mommy know you are on Twitter calling people childish names ?
No thanks Bernie and the nurses cost us the election.
Bernie slammed her the whole time. He lost in March and kept hammering. Gave Trump all his talking points. Bernie prob. working for Putin 2.
Bernie is turning into the trump of the left; having rallies instead of governing. And, he didn't release all his tax returns either.
Kinda starting to think Russian bots are trying to sow more enmity in the Dem party with these kinds of shit posts.
No Bernie did that! Remember he is not a dem only used the party to run
Smears will come from the left and right. He has a highly intelligent grassroots army.  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zn_maZPNjbk …
"highly intelligent" 



stop it! you're killing me!!
Buy*
@RosaAnn DeMoro I guess you just love a guy (Bernie Sanders) who didn't get a real paycheck until the age of 40. Is that UR goal 2?
Who did the tiny hilariously bad photoshop of the flag on to the senator's hand on the flyer image??!  And WHY?  this is my favorite!
twas me. And I'll have you know it's not photoshop, he's a patriot. Look closer 
Is it clip art?!
Haha it's @canva.
This is OBSCENE timing when GOP is close to gutting ACA.Your narcissism in breathtaking.Protect ACA! That's the winnable fight we're in NOW.
Do We Accept that Under #ACA ObamaCare 33 Million Americans Still Don't Have Health Insurance http://53eig.ht/1Mv4fes —#SinglePayer #TheBern


Stop spreading lies. In the age of the Internet, when people can watch videos of Canadian doctors, you just embarrass yourself.
It's not a lie I lived in Canada for 8 years!
Free stuff no work
Hit'em with the simplicity of The Medicare For All American's Idea, Bernie, and knock'em Dead, IN THE NAME OF THE LORD JESUS, AMEN AND AMEN!
You are a fraud! Protect the ACA!!!

#SinglePayer!—#NotMeUs WillNot Settle For Less—Cannot Afford 28M uninsured w/#PublicOption http://www.pnhp.org/docs/sp_vs_publicoption.pdf …
You're not American! Americans are for if you can afford it then get it! Don't make it unaffordable for us to give it to you for nothing!
I continue to support you Mr.Sanders, how I wish you were president, the long red tie guy is turning The U.S into a bad reality show!
BERNIE said it WILL bankrupt us. We need HIS Federal Plan & competition between the options will keep prices down. This is NOT progressive!
Arrgh!!!!! Wish I could go!  Will be cheering from afar. Go @BernieSanders and @NationalNurses
I was turned down for the ACA! I was too poor! Then I had to pay taxes because of being too poor.

So instead of stoping repubs who are no closing than ever to take away health care we focus on this which is aspirational but won't pass?
Be honest about the COST, Bernie!!!
Can we please all focus on not losing the ACA? Gawd what irresponsiblity
.socialists will quit when they run out of other people's money
He needs to live in a socialist country
What a joke advertising for a accused husband and wife bank fraud team.
Even wealthy Americans pay far less, get far more under #MedicareforAll. Estimate yours at http://hcfat.org 
We're gonna build a Medicare-For-All -- and rich people are gonna pay for it! Sure.
Wish I could be there

Great I wont be there.
See you there Bernie. Keep up the good fight.
Bernie 2020!
the great Bernie still a member of the 13% tax club. Fight on, go for 10% on ur taxes this year
Bernie won't be able to run in CA - he's still hiding his tax returns
Yeah!! Socialism. Let waste other people's money!!!!!
You go Bernie great idea I hope you get it to work 
Is !at odds, withstand! Capitalist economy and country
Can nurses do math?  Does not pan out. Typical BS doesn't figure out the details!
GET OVER BERNIE
my birthday!! go bernie!
Any Nurses that support this will be out of a JOB.
REPEAL ACA.. govt is not capable of managing our healthcare.. including current Medicare..
No way there's are a lot of Dr's who will not accept Medicare now. You need to fix a lot of the other elements of Healthcare system.

Come back to Austin TX Bernie!!!
This is great 
To make Single Payer affordable everybody in the medical profession needs to take a 35% pay cut, hospitals need to cut their prices 35%
Doctors nurses specialist need to take a 35% pay cut hospitals the same please $42 Tylenol we can do this
Thank you
FREE NATIONAL HEALTHCARE FOR ALL! !! SLASH THE PENTAGON AND THE IRS!!!
Will there be a live stream?  Hope so!
I RSVPd!
Hope the bad guys shoe up to shut his speech down.
Bernie,  forget about it! The election is over, boy  Killary really sucked it to you. Medicare isn't going to work.
But...do YOU??
Very good looking forward to that nice step Mr senator
Great!!!
Please SANDERS, Your BOUGHT And PAID For. You CAN'T BE TRUSTED. No
Medicare is about cost efficiency, not about patient care.
Maybe not use red with black lettering.
Do the natural nurses talk about Bernie's BANK FRAUD? #BankFraudBernie
Wall Street--we are coming for you.
Go get em, Bernie.
.@SenSanders in 1987: ‘Astronomical’ Cost of Single-Payer ‘Would Bankrupt the Nation’ #Fraud  ..
SENATOR TWEET AS MUCH INFORMATION !GET ALL INFORMED SO THEY CAN MAKE JUDGEMENT!
unions and leftist promoting socialized medicine! what an unholy mix!
SENATOR SHOW HOW MEDICARE FOR ALL WILL WORK !HOW COST EFFECTIVE IT WILL BE! AND ALL YOU HAVE CONCLUDED!
Can't get more liberal than San Francisco Bernie!! 
The youth of America will get screwed big time with increased taxes. Screw You Bernie
They !are the, looters an,d thi?s iPhone is? Testing me?
Thats it. Term limits. Now. If @POTUS can only do 8. You need to be held at the same standard. The "law makers" have become the dictators.
The tide is turning and be Bernie fault. We want TERM LIMITS and #taxpayers1st if we paying for everything our voice needs to be heard.
Fake nurses.  Real nurses hate you
