That's OUR PROBLEM!Big Pharma,Med equip.DA trump powerful positions!We have no voice. Votes don't matter with the re districting HELPLESS
and you think I should be paying for insurance for someone else. WRONG.
You might be the someone  in a few years...
Nope. I don't want to pay for anyone's health insurance, don't want or need ANYONE paying 4 mine. What next, paying someone's car insurnace
Y would anyone want the people w/the 13% approval rating running our healthcare. It's ludicrous, insanity.
NO SINGLE PAYER HEALTHCARE IN AMERICA!!! @GOP
actually i am . and much smarter than you..and much better looking in person
Honored by any doctor......who accepts  Medicare. Ah, there’s the rub.
Yes, lets just take out the Insurance middle men and replace them with something bigger: GOVERNMENT. Lets allow gov dictate our healthcare.
they already have . by deregulating it and allowing us to be raped financially.
we love you bernie .
The. Oil

Iok
Oi
The President should pay more attention to other things instead of Sports there are things we need him to pay attention to not Sports
He knows he's not qualified to work on real issues so he is sticking to what he, and every guy, thinks they're an authority of... Football
go bernie go.....please run in 2020 . my family and i are begging you
Screw you sanders. You are a fraud intent on chaos. There is not a nickles bit of difference in you and trump.
Thank you Bernie.
59 other developed countries have nationalized healthcare.  It is cheaper per capita and everyone is covered #MedicareForAll
Please get this passed

Idiots...millennial morons were supposed to pay into this to make it solvent over time. They didn’t and won’t vs pay the annual fine. Better idea: pay fine once, next year pay or lose college funding &get your draft notice...after all...it’s not a tax & U wonder why it’s failing.
Cause the VA is doing such a bang up job
Thank you for your enduring fight to give my fellow Americans the RIGHT to health care and a life without fear. 
Thanks to obama
Thank you Sen Sanders
You have spent your entire life spending someone else's money. @InsufferableTwatwaffle
. You could make it free like in Canada & pay for it with taxes.
Preach Bernie! America is not a great nation until it can be humanitarian enough to offer all citizens what every other g-20 country does.
Costa fucking rica offers single payer healthcare. but the great republic cant? and someone suggesting that is a traitor? you are high.
Kinda hard to call us a great republic if "whatever the state touches it corrupts" and every other major country seems to make it work
Yes weighed down under crippling debts and yet they still provide healthcare for all.
Should have been working to fix and improve the aca instead of trying to do away with it JUST because that black mans name was connected
Medicare for all = Single payer socialized medicine also for illegals. Why should anyone pay for that?
Work for your healthcare, not Obamacare where it only works if you don't!
I see how people are brain washed and think they are making healthcare insurance choices under the current system.   That is a fallacy!
Let's make it happen!  Only people living in alternative realities and the health insurance industry oppose universal healthcare.
And completely bankrupt the country. This is a man who lived with his mom until he was 45 years old. He's never had a job in his life
Excited to see the details for this plan.  If this works it would be an amazing step forward for America.  Going to be a tough fight though.
What about Medicaid
So how did that work in your state ?  O ya it didn't
hc should be free to "All" citizens of the U.S. If Canada, Switzerland and other countries can do this, why can't we?! #Greed
great job! I will work towards this end with you. Health care is needed for "ALL" Americans, not just the privileged! #OurHero
And no support by majority of American people. Fed's can't seem to make Medicare work effectively now. This would be an epic DISASTER!
So does this mean that the dems now admit that Obamacare has failed and needs to be replaced with a new plan
No
Yes thank you Bernie for setting a liberal litmus test that is splitting the Democratic Party.
he sounds like tRump, "a record level of support"
Why don't we let Congress and the Senate try this out first. That way they can feel what's it like to get screwed by stupid legislation.
M4A as political gimmick is not a Silver Bullet solution to all we face w DJT. GOP CONG, & SCOTUS. No lie lives forever. Be FORTHRIGHT.
With this video, you're acting more presidential than the actual president. Thank you for this, and everything else you do for all of us
That the Australian, Canadian and other well developed countries model. Here in Australia it's a right and not a privilege to have healthcar
You guys are doing nothing to encourage people to get a job and do there part. That is the nature of this country. Have some pride.
There are people working 40+ hours weekly who don't get insurance thru work!
They need to find another job lol
Idiot
Thank you, you should have been our President!
Just ask him how will we pay for it, who is willing to increase their fed taxes 30, 40 or 50%?
With you Bernie! Keep on pushing 'till we reach the higher ground!
I would love to know how this would be paid for.  No thanks Bernie
It was always the plan for "O" Care to Fail...1st Step to Socialism->Health Care...#MedicareForAll #EnemiesWithin
So 85% of Senators do not support socialist health care. Would love to see the list of the 15 that support so we can vote them out of a job!
Trump will veto your ridiculous BS in half a second.
Thank you
Bernie, you're the BEST!
Thanks
Go for it sane and compassionate Americans!

No chips please and thank you
I'm NOT paying your healthcare.   If you can afford pot,  and Starbucks everyday,  you can afford insurance.   @BernieSanders GFY
Hahaha. Bernie is a loon
Thank you Bernie!
How are 28 billion uninsured? Wasn't Obamacare supposed to take care of that? There were 28 billion before Obamacare! Bernies intials are BS
Join Canada all your health care worries will go away. But leave your debts behind lol
How Hitler used national healthcare for the holocaust.
It won't work because over 45% of Americans pay no federal income tax at all! Medicare for all would force the government to tax them.
Go Bernie Go !!! I am behind you 100% 
Insurance companies are threatening a "scorched earth" campaign against Universal Health Care. 
Let's show them that we won't be threatened
"Three, two, one..." Love you Bernie
#2 I do not want a pill to be euthanized when I get as old as you etc etc etc
Who is going to pay for it Bernie the government doesn't earn money they take it from us do you really think an agency 30 trillion in debt
Remember when you said Medicare for all would bankrupt the nation in 1987? How has that change Bernie?
All of whom are desperate to be reelected because they couldn't function in the private sector.
Maybe some should get a job so they can afford health insurance
Trojan horse Bernie..how was your honeymoon..you know the one you celebrated in Russia...hey CNN..where's the outrage? Don Lemon,answer that
if only the American citizen was afforded the same healthcare as non citizens....sorry, we do not "qualify" ?
Who's paying for all this "free" stuff? The government doesn't make money. It collects tax payers money.
No way Jose
Thank you! Thank you! Sen. Sanders Thank you! Let's hope your peers have the vision you do! Thank you Kampala Harris!
Kamala Harris! Thank you!
Great job !
Should have thought about the 28 million before giving Iran 150 billion! Hello!
This should have 100 million likes!
This needs as much support as possible!
We spend 600 billion a year protecting the world with defense..Pay for its citizens health though In the 'greatest country'? Nah!#priorities
Maybe you should have used some lighting so you don't look like a total villain while pitching your sinister plan to tank the US economy
Imagine if all Americans were given access to the same health care members of Congress get. Tax payers pay for their health care today.
This is how the destruction of our healthcare system and our economic freedom began. See WSJ editorial.
How will that keep your wife out of jail? Priorities, man!!!
one part of this word called Mayanmer where massacre going on.rohinga are suffering. How u can help them through ur foundation.
And it includes free everything else, and fifty percent off your rent.
Left wing propaganda from communist Bernie.
He said Medicare for all would destroy & bankrupt the country in the 80s! You ppl are so ignorant !
1987! Bernie, remember? I do... you said something about bankrupting the nation. I know Medicare for all would Bankrupt the nation! 
Please, please, please keep fighting for this. I make too much for Medicaid and too little for any other paid insurance.
@VanJones68 That's great, why don't you work with the party in power to get something done then hit campaign trail next year.
Go back to Russia with your communist ideas
Grand standing
You do know there is video where you say just the opposite, right?
Lol. He forgot!
Convenient amnesia aka 'taken  out of context'.
老头为了理想也是够拼的。
有理想就不会老
桑德斯的这些理论应该不适合发达国家，但是老头的出发点也绝不是某些抹黑的东西所形容的共产主义，。
Why are democrats trying to undermine Barack Obama's most influential legislative accomplishment? Do you hate black people?
#asshat

I am proud of you sir ! Praying that it passes !
Love 4 Bernie
A reminder that John Conyers, a black Democrat, has been re-introducing a Medicare-for-all bill in every congress since 2003
Please,our government doesnt have the capability to run healthcare.Think I'm wrong?Go check out the VA which is a microcosm of single payer
Thank u and @SenWarren for fighting for us all.
I applaud you mr Sanders and those people backing you up .we need to find some Health Care that protects everybody! no matter sickness!
There was a day when an honest press would ask Bernie about his 1987 statement that Medicare for all would bankrupt the US.  Not today.

In 1987,Bernie Sanders said if everyone was on medicaid it'd bankrupt the US. Now he's fighting for single payer?#ChildCare4All @seanhannity 

Ah Bernie, you have my support for my US friends all the way from Downunder!
Well done Bernie should have been President!!
NEVER Going To Happen Sanders! Go Back To Russia & Retire!
We can only hope
Go Bernie!!!
We love you, Bernie!!
Feel the bern! I love this guy!
"You're gonna see major and beautiful things happen". I wish him well but worry that he's sounding just like Trump.
Insurance companies bottom line is $ not ppl. Thank u Senator Sanders for thinking of us.
Way to go...
, thank you for your plan to help every single person in our country to be able to have health insurance as a right.#giving hope
Get these guys out of healthcare
Just a reminder that Rep. John Conyers, a Black Democrat, has introduced a Medicare-for-all bill in every Congress since 2003.
Not a good idea. :(
Come on @basshoggy let's get people covered with @SenSanders plan.  Give you 1000 glimmer to change mind.
Rt @SenSanders
My respect to you Sir, for all the work that you do for the people. @SenSanders
It is time for anyone past age 72 to retire from government you R holding America hostage to your fossilized thinking
What a concept,health care for all was instigated by Tommy Douglas  and the ccf party in  1920s.for you yanks Donald  Sutherland is his son

hope you're on a-wait list for 10 years for heart surgery
Your bill has 0 chance of success but you've primed the pump AGAIN for infighting on the left. Not a selfless or strategic move. #NotHelping
Bernie for president!!
Great idea, but where does the funding come from? I'm sick of hearing utopian ideas that have zero probability...
Sorry Bernie. Socialism is not for us. Look what's happening in Venezuela. God bless America!
Trump has already said he's going to veto it.  We need to organized Across the Nation and show our support for this legislation.
If it wins you will be a true American hero
Finally #Healthcare for all!
You are a jerk and a decisive person. Out for your own glory. No humility or class
I agree. Please send this to the Government of Manitoba in Canada. They are proposing to privatize healthcare. They need to see this.
Go Bernie, go!! Let's do this!!
This is decades overdue thanks for thinking about the people and our country
Omg ! I'm so glad you didn't become Potus ..
More sound and fury signifying nothing - proposing grandiose ideas, knowing they won't happen, and then resting on your "I tried!"
If you can explain in detail how it's gonna get paid, how much it's covering, and you sign up for it too
Whatever gets you votes.
aThank God for you!  Keep going!!! Level headed solutions, finally!
Sorry Bernie, after not supporting @HillaryClinton I don't know what I'm doing.
Sanders is soliciting Dems to back his arse up and dems are falling for it...
All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives- ARTICLE I, SECTION 7, CLAUSE 1 US Constitution. LOSER!
Healthcare is a right that should be guaranteed to every single individual. We shouldn't have to choose between food and health
I abhor Bernie Sanders. He is a miserable and disingenuous. Rather than explain procedure and policy points he offers sound bites. Yuk
Well now socialism been included in this video, go to 7:01 to hear if u don't want to listen to whole thing https://youtu.be/10v1BJrYaA8 
I voted for you in the primary but never will again. You and your diehard supporters helped elect Donald Trump.
Oh sure. Let me empty my bank account & give it 2 u Libs to pay for the illegals medical treatment. No problem!  NOT!
Where is my Oregon senator @RonWyden ?  I thought he'd be among the first to co-sponsor!?!
Will you liberal ass hats just leave the rest of us alone.  You suck, everyone who matters, know you suck - so just stop.
Socialist? Really? The GOV cant run a single program without screwing it up. Aside from that, he still hasn't said who's paying for Utopia.
@Bernie Sanders.....ARE YOU GOING TO GIVE JOHN CONYERS ANY CREDIT AT ALL? Hasn't he been bringing  this up in Congress years prior? 
@BernieSanders Does John Conyers get ANY of this credit?
Why is there always so much mistrust of the gov? Im Canadian and i dont mind paying a bit more tax so everyone gets HC and afford University
Are YOU going to pay for it Bernie?
No Thanks
How will you pay for it? (Higher taxes for me, amiright?)
I thought Obamacare was AWESOME?
It will never pass so do you have Medicare for 55 Plus in your back pocket, that can pass
No...
I have a wonderful idea to avoid financial offences and irregularities from the society by utilizing latest technology.
We need this. I may not be a democrat but this is the issue that i agree with.
retire you're talking socialism doesn't work maybe been around too long and lost memory
I will be at your okc rally 2020... Run again! Keep it going! #feeltheburn Your speech at the myriad gardens was powerful and imposing. Ty!
.#MedicareForAll for all is the logical solution to this mess! It works great for me & mine!
And I'm introducing the- I Don't Care At All Act! Which has #GOP support... #TheBase
I'm still FeelingtheBern
The ACA worked so well, let's do this.
Bravo! You are my President 
The government would screw up wet dreams let alone health care. Exactly who is going to pay for this Bernie? We the struggling middle class?
Wait? ACA isn't what y'all promised? Why should anyone believe you this time?
In UK gov denies curative treatment to any deemed "not worth it" & denied even quality of life treatment when govt decides person must die.
Nothing like adding 15 trillion dollars to deficit, people waiting in line for months to see Dr, people DYING waiting for Dr or surgery
