But what you didn't include Bernie was that if America was single payer we would be the largest insurance company in the world & won't work
And we would lose the best healthcare in the world because all innovative and research would be almost none existent and people would die
Just like England Bernie they have panels for the single payers and they decide who lives and who dies people are treated like investments!
Unlike insurance companies deciding who lives or dies by denying coverage or refusing to pay for required treatment. Patients r revenue.
So how is my problems your problems and why would I want your problems to be made mine there has to be a limit to it all we all have family
Everyone pays into the pool based on what they can afford. If you need healthcare it comes out of the pool. Its called humanity.
Problem is to many cannot pay or do not want to they take it all for granted until they need it then it tears and panic they don't care fact
Which is why single payer avoids all that.
I am an Aussie and i am more than happy to pay extra tax so my fellow Aussies can get free health care. #aussiefair
That's not the point. A single payer system is inherently more inefficient and costly than a free market.
The only ppl who should have govt involved in their healthcare are the genuinely poor. Everyone else should be free to choose.
We are free to choose. We can have private health insurance as well.
We are not free to choose whether to pay the Medicare levy.
Nor should we be. It's our responsibility to look after each other. This is what good decent human beings should do.
You're not getting it. No problem with a safety net for the poor, but single payer system is by its nature inefficient & costly.
Plus why do wealthy ppl get Medicare? Why not just buy health insurance?
Be that it may. Please explain why we are nowhere near passing a healthcare system like Australia's.
Greed vs. Humanity and greed is winning
I mean in a practical sense. Why are we so far from passing a healthcare system like Australia's?
Ask Obama, which the health industry put more money when he was running in 2008 for dems than the republican party. Didn't try for UHC!
First: universal healthcare =\= single payer
First, UHC does not = sp. Sp is a form of UHC.Second, there were "blue dog" dems talking money from health ind.who blocked public option, sp
I know you just love that family, but they are no different from any neolibrals out there.
So, now we're even further than ever before from the things you claim to want.
Love you Bernie
Does it cost anything to have a baby through the public system in the US (I'm Australian so I'm just curious)
#bankfraudbernie
Australians happily pay tax to ensure Medicare survives . Current government happily erode our much fairer system.
Yes the mongrels, the LNP want 2 throw us to the private health care wolves
The public (free) health care system in Australia is awesome!  Has saved me from certain death 20 months ago when diagnosed Stage 4 cancer.
So you are a dyed-in-the-wool Labor voter then?
Moi. You could not pay me enough to vote for that callous cruel lot. You could extract a limb before I'd vote for Laboral.
Both sides do lose direction at times ... when chasing votes... seems to be happening worldwide.
There are other forces at play and IMO govts are pandering to the rich
Our Govt a bloody disgrace w/ it's Refugee Policy but Medicare is a Winner!A big shout out to all our wonderful Drs, Nurses & Medical staff
Spot on mate.
You voted No on Russia Sanctions. I'm through with you. Traitor!
Russia isn't your enemy. Your TV is. Turn it off and breathe normally
Go Bernie! You're spot on. We look after our people & I'm happy to pay my taxes to a Govt & system that does. Not socialism. Common sense
The time for single payer is now. The Democrats will vote yes. Some Republicans will vote yes and POTUS will meet a campaign promise.
We actually have a hybrid public / private system. Bernie didn't quite explain the full scope. But y'all need better x
Agree our system is about 70/30 public private mix. Offers choice while keeping prices reasonable.
Who knew healthcare could be so complicated? 
It's corruption from lobbyists and we are headed the same way that's why we need to keep an eye on the buggers 24/7!
We really do. Probably due for an ALP govt again to keep Medicare safe. Wish I liked Shorten a bit more. I like Tanya.
I think it needs to be a Tanya Penny show for a few years, shame because I have a guilty pleasure in Julie as foreign minister 
I'm so with you! I really like Penny too. Get rid of Bill. Julie is a very experienced diplomat so I do trust her, esp right now.
An example of small town in Australia, Medicare {always under attack my RWNJs} and one of many centres in that town
Sanders for the WIN.
& the NHS is even better thanks.
When I needed NHS it saved my life. For no charge and no co-pay (Aus has co-pay).
I hope I don't need NHS again soon. Feel safe it's there.
We want #SinglePayer it's time to stop representing big insurance companies and their lobbyists.. not sure why you voted no
You want single payer? Move to the UK. Just don't have a child with a serious illness or they'll delay treatment until it's too late.
You mean an experimental treatment that hasnt even been tried in mice?
I used to like Bernie until he proved to be a fraud! He sold out to Hillary, the DNC & Wall St!  #dobbs #reince #hillary #tucker #hannity
Attacked by dog. 3 leg surgeries and 4 nights in hospital = $60 for antibiotics. Also got to keep the crutches.
I had to pay $5 for mine and give them back to the hospital, ripped off! 
Norway Sweden and Iceland all have free healthcare and free college education for all their citizens!
That's true but trump doesn't write the laws and vote in congress on them either dems and republican are to blame so get off your high horse
So the president isnt responsible for setting domestic policy? Who knew...
He's apparently responsible for everything even tho he doesn't have full control over anything
Unlike previous presidents @realDonaldTrump eschews taking responsibility for anything that may cast him in an unfavorable light.
"They live longer in Australia" amazing considering everything there is dangerous to people. They have toxic grass ffs.
We do? It's kind of a myth. There are a lot of poisonous creatures but most of us live in and around cities so interaction is rare 
Panicum effusum and Lolium rigidum
Wow. I had to look those up. They're inland so all good. None here in Sydney 
I'm thinking everything is better in Australia about now.....
If you get bit by a spider in Australia you don't have to sell the house for medical care.
It's not the huge ones you wanna be worried about!
This is how great #Australia is. Sure, Bernie...
‘Australian women need Muslim men to fertilize them,’ says halal food chief in Facebook rant https://www.rt.com/viral/397837-australia-muslim-women-sperm/#.WXtmLESAFS0.twitter …
paid for by what? Medicare and Medicaid are already at breaking point..the solution? Let's burden it more! GET REAL.
You really are very uneducated.  Medicare/SocialSecurity/Medcaid = 55% US entire budget. US 3rd highest population, majority obese.
Australia... The country that actually enforces their strict immigration laws and protects their borders
Proud to be an Aussie. 
Feel free to leave. I'll help you move. Haven't been diving there in years.
Too bad Hillary had too much pride 2 bow out and let you win the http://Demo.Vote .U'd B Pres
I remember when you we're on some show andfirst heard Trump said that and we're going to quote it on the floor.  Bernie!!! Keep rockn
He just opens his mouth and sh*t comes out of it.So, Sarah Palin-ish.
All hail the truth revealer @BernieSanders @AdamBercosky single payer is coming
Wow!!! ol Bernie!!!!Never thought I'd see the day that you said the President is right!
Are under attack
We have a government largely held hostage by its own right wing and a messed up Senate and many of the program's I think we do better here
I concur we do, but I'm certainly not smug àbout it. We are having to be more and more vigilant here about the dismantling of our own HC
@DillonJaan
The Aust politician you feature in your clip has nothing to do with that, and, in fact has shares in Pharm and wants to revert to U.S. style
Actually, not this time Bernie. Australia has become a health care police state. Forcing toxic vaccinations funded to control population.
We love you Bernie! Keep up the resistance to this abomination!
Shut up Bernie ..
You are awesome, sir.
Obamacare was never anything other than a system to ensure profits for the insurance companies. I would figure you would be against that.
Aussie here. I had to see a medical specialist today. I am unemployed so it cost me nothing, nil, not a red cent.
I felt the Bern! And as an Australian, I could have the medical investigations into the bern bulk-billed to Medicare.
I wish more Australians recognised & appreciated what we do have. It's far from perfect, but we're so fortunate
If I lived in America.. I be dead.. Everyone deserves access to appropriate healt care, regardless of wealth..
Mr Sanders, we do have a good system here, but we think we can improve it. Hope you in the US get yours sorted soon.
@whitsey01
You're a sellout Bern. HRC screwed you and you bent over and took it.
He was putting you guys down for stuffing Obama Care with pork and regulator expenses making your friends rich! 
Health care or obscene tax evading billionaires cutting help to all?
Not for long Bernie, unfortunately Australia's Corporate right wing Government are presently trying to Americanise its health care system.
I agree with all you say Mr.Sanders and I speak from experience.
@RoseDru63
Blimey, that was true!
Interestingly, you voted for the current failing system.
How about call yourself Bernard instead of Bernie? The latter is a childish name, and no media source called you that back in the '70s.
It's bizarre to the rest of the Western world that the US does not have universal health care and that people die of treatable health issues
@davrosz being a type one diabetic in Melbourne Australia for the last 36 years has cost me no$even for hospital admission &meds

onya Bernie.
For God's sake Bernie you don't want one like us.  Its a runaway. You need a health care system based on health not illth.
Australia has had #MedicareForAll since 1974.
As an American who has tried it for 18 years,
I vouch for Bernie's idea.

#UniversalHealthCare
I'm an Australian and everything u said about our healthcare is true!
My partner and I between us=2 shoulder reconstr, triple heart bypass, 2 healthy births, 1 hysterectomy etc, etc in Oz=$0, 2% tax
HORSESHIT!  Unless you are INDIGENOUS (Aborigine) AUSTRALIAN, then you have the WORST LIFE EXPECTANCY on the planet  https://thebutchersapron.blogspot.com.au/ 
What is strange is that Australian politicians are trying to destroy it as we speak 
Australia could be better; we courted a public/private model... one which subsidies facelifts for the rich by 30%. But better than US by far
Correct - so must sustain Medicare & discourage PHIs in AUS using US style methods - managed care and policies that under-insure
I'm an Aussie, had 3 major cancers.
My wife and I pay about $300 US/month for great health insurance.
Covers dental, physio, podiatry, etc
And we have optional private coverage that adds to benefits and gives us more choice.
And ours could be better too.
Health Care, only for the Healthy in Oz.
I'm sure glad this Australian contributed funds to his D.N.C. Presidential Candidate Election fund, but they chose Hillary, good 1 D.N.C. !
Senator, Rwanda's health care system is better than yours!
hey Bernie - you should have seen it before the bastards in our Conservative party hacked it to bits since 1996
There is zero chance the Liberal Govt would get rid of Medicare in Australia. They'd be out the door and anarchy would occur
Mexican health care system is too
We all should have the same health car the president, the governors, Senator, House of representative, and the other elected official
And THIS is why I voted for you in the primaries and have supported you since I was in high school (I'm across the lake from VT)...
Well done @SenSanders easiest and best thing an elected government can do is ensure universal healthcare.
Nurse Jan who knows about healthcare has to tell Senator Sanders that he is clueless about healthcare. Single payer insurance worst ever.
Our healthcare system in Australia is under threat from the ideological brethren of the #GOP, the LNP gov't. #auspol #LNPLast #SaveMedicare
Vietnams is waaaay better than yours.  #lookitup
From an Australian perspective, the USAs health system is shameful. It can't work if entirely private. It is a community service
do australian doctors murder little babies also?
Key factor is attitude. Private health insurers perpetuate the myth that universal health care = Communist plot, and therefore un-American
@Leel06Lee I hope Australia can keep improving on healthcare for all to see. Thanks for the Shout Out Bernie.
Mr Sanders as an Australian and a current recipient of the brilliant public healthcare system here I can day you're on the money!
Anyone in the US who is against universal health care has been conned by insurance companies & their political cronies.
The problem in Australia, is that our Trumpites are doing their best to dismantle the good system we currently have
Australia's health care system ranked 2nd best in developed world, US more costly & ranked 11th of 11.
Despite what the Turnbull government is trying to do.
Yes, we do. Our RW lobbyists consistently try to dismantle our Medicare, but it is enshrined in our hearts as a Fairness Test of democracy.
What did you tell him you're sorry you got him in this Mass.
A great presentation Bernie Sanders! Is additional factor between US/ Aust health care costs and mortality rates, impact of their gun laws?
#PublicFundingForAllElections comes before #MedicareForAll         you know what the first thing on the mind of elected are?
My son had surgery for appendicitis last week. Cost us ZERO... Welcome to Medicare Australian style....
Actually. .it cost you your Medicare Levy contribution...tho u wld hardly have missed it...its a wonderful thing..
Aussie Medicare
Sorry... I can't  your reply enough...
I'm very healthy...Dr is for broken bones n metal specs in the eye..my experience
others r not so fortunate
Medicare works for all of us
You so cool Bernie, not.
The dumbshit POTUS got one thing right.
Yet down here we have a government that wants to copy the US health system to benefit of scumbag corporations if they could get away with it
Was true in 2014(Labor Gov)but now The LNP(GOP of Aus)are doing their Best to go down America's Path Ruin HealthCare#auspol #USPolitics
Love it! Why aren't you President?
Are you kidding me?  Anything is better than the junk that was crammed down Americas throats.  You don't get it because
You don't have it!
If the GOP wants to come out of this smelling like a rose, they should jump on the bandwagon and claim it as their "repeal & replace" idea.
Sad, isn't it? We're suppose to be the greatest country and we're the bottom of the barrel when it comes to healthcare. What an embarassment
@realDonaldTrump
Reps can't come up with a plan bc they are only interested in reducing taxes for wealthy...only alternative is fully socialized medicine
As Australia becomes the Islamic State
He must stop the Abomination American dream of welfare and food stamps
I agree! thanks @SenSanders
Aussie, Aussie, Aussie - Oi, Oi, Oi
@TheCarlWeathers It is not health care, it is sick care. Unfortunately, many Americans do not do enough to keep good health
You're a phony!! You want us all to have government run healthcare while congress gets private insurance. What a hack!!
Yo #dnc look over here!
I love Bernie!!
I like their immigration system better for sure. Don't you #ComradeSanders ?
Move there Bernie, if you like it so much. First it was the Canadians, now the Aussies. Fucking clueless old man grabbing at straws.
UK Universal Health failed Charlie Gard. Living proof Universal Health Care doesn't work! Socialist imbeciles.
Bernie, you are awesome. 
Thank you.
6 months of cancer treatment in Australia's great public teaching hospital system, two major surgeries, great oncology team... total $57.00
I love it!!  Shove his own words down his throat!!!
Thank you Sir
Bahahaha!
Would hate to leave the USA but if another country has my back...likewise in return
If you're rich or born lucky...u will live. If you're poor or born unlucky life will suck
Ask the people who have to use it.  Ours is crap!
My son has had 4 open heart ops for a congenital issue 100's of days in hospital, not a cent paid & exceptional world class surgeons
healthcare is a right here not a privilege to those with $.
I am very fortunate to be alive in Australia thanks to the healthcare system we have
Our healthcare system is horrible. We need system that benefits and is affordable for all. Let's make it happen!
There a small country and there not force to but ins.
Yes! And, we have the tape.
where US $$ goes https://www.nationalpriorities.org/cost-of/war/ 
I really love the giant print outs.
#berniesandersyourock 
In this circumstance the truth is not 2 hard 2 figure out. #Medicare4All is the economic and morally correct thing to do.  #SinglePayerWorks
Once again, Trumps's face-hole comes to the rescue. Thanks @realDonaldTrump for admitting that universal healthcare is better!
What a moment this must have been for you. Thank you. #killthebill #FridayFeeling


Our healthcare is screwed up because we got a lot of illegal immigrants consuming our healthcare budget
It also does not cover illegals
Did you mention if Australia health care was up for a vote here you would not vote for it? It allows for private insurance in a free market
Thank you Senator Saunders you made me proud from downunder..
And the ACA will destruct. Unless you do welfare for health insurance companies. Single payer or why bother. Tax churches & non profits 2pay
It cost me 26k for 6 days in hospital, 8k in pathology fees, not including the cost of my biopsy by the thoracic surgeon. All in TN. Shame!
A country with uncontrolled $$ to senators from companies = a country bought. Capitalism has created the most corrupt political system
@alpsa Aussies  can thank the Labor party Medicare.Good health care should be a right for all not a privilege for the rich.
And he's right!  Albeit a first!  Give em' hell Bernie!
America's Affordable Healthcare? Act comes closer to Australia's universal health care system than the proposition from the GOP.
@GedKACTU Total hip replacement cost in Oz? Zilch, zero, nada.
Thank you so much, sir, please do not hesitate to continue to fight for the common man in this country, God will surely bless you.
And the people of Australia are taxed to death. Something you love to do Bernie, look at Vermont! What does Vermont have I don't in Florida?
In glad you got your chance to Shine, again, POPs!
Trust me, you want our Medicare system.
#SinglePayerNow #Medicare4All #SkinnyRepealFAIL
We need #MedicareForAll. The insurance mafia middlemen rake in billions and contribute nothing to human healthcare. #skinnyrepeal 
I have an appointment with an eye specialist next week. I have a complex condition, pre existing. All my treatment is free. Hooray!
Medicare is great! $0 from my pocket to have my babies. Our Dr apts are bulk-billed to Medicare. There is choice here. Pretty affordable.
You're absolutely spot on Bernie - we in Australia  have a really good Medicare SYSTEM - many thanks for talking about it 
Well done Bernie ... yes we do have a good Medicare system here.
@realDonaldTrump should maybe look at what we do here and try and copy us.

Great, but you are still a big part of the reason any of this is happening. You need to own your part in the orange putin supporting potus.
Thank you SENATOR
As an Australian health worker I concur we have benefitted greatly from fair & just Medicare. simply can't comprehend US greed,selfishness.
Yep I'm Aussie and everyone is covered  by Medicare that we all pay for through our tax and about half of us also pay for private health ins
Not for long. Our conservatives want to dismantle it too.
As an Australian with a chronic pain condition the last 16 yrs (had a 1 hr physio visit today) I have had to pay $0 for any of my treatment
.Yes. You're right, @SenSanders - we have better, more affordable, universal and single-payer healthcare in Australia  than you do in 
I know this but when Democrats had their chance, they did nothing about costs. Pharma costs. Legal costs. Hospital costs.
So Trump actually got something right ???? Unbelievable !!!! Too bad we can't get Australian Health Care....
Our Government would like to privatise Medicare,  they are chipping away, but there is opposition.
lets remind @TurnbullMalcolm  and Co when they want to change our system

