Because it is exactly that - a bad bill!
Well I've called your office before -like many other Californians begging you to rid us of  Obamacare.
Lucky you guys may get universal health care!  I'm stuck with living in GOP state. Will get nothing
I don't you think understand my message to Kamala Harris. I want a GOP plan!
The ACA IS a GOP plan, from the early '90s. You're saying that you're asking for what we currently have.
Nope I'm asking for universal healthcare single payer like every other democratic country has.
Please read who's being responded to. The first person in the "Replying to" line is the one to whom the tweet is a reply.

It wasn't you.
They all get free money from the govt also.
Oh look, a propaganda parrot in the wild, quick take pictures! Turn off the flash - you making him look a deer in headlights...
Haha are you saying the govt doesn't subsidize the health care industry?
Soooo your tweet doesn't have a meme attached to it? That's what I was addressing
if you think Venezuelans are going hungry cause of socialism you've been duped. Don't worry, it's a million dollar operation to spread 1/2
this propaganda, you don't have to feel too bad, just search for the truth and you will get there, for now, stop parroting bullshit
Found the truth. The freer the country or product the more prosperous. Freedom works. https://freedomhouse.org/sites/default/files/FH_FITW_Report_2016.pdf …
Cassidy lied about Charlie Gard case in his first comment... His first comment...
That was really gross.
Sure was.
That should mean it's a good plan. Don't you hate with all your socialist soul the corrupt, vile, profit seeking companies. Please explain..
unfortunately, big tycoons r involved. Drugs mafia will oppose anything that hurt their business.
70%taxes sound awesome
Completely agree! ObamaCare may be flawed, but it helps!
Im sure they do.
I thought you guys hated corporate greed? I guess it's okay if it fits your agenda huh?
Don't agree on everything but Medicare for all would control costs and save money in long run.
B\C It Is
You are just pulling random "facts" out of your ass at this point, aren't you? Have you spoken to all of them? #ideologuemuch?
Every reasonable adult thinks government run healthcare is a bad idea and yet we still have Obamacare.
Of course they do. They don't want to give up the pork in obamacare.
Lie is all u know
They all thought Obamacare was bad too didn't stop you and your racist democrats from voting for it
It's a bad bill, just like the ACA. We need full repeal, no replacement!
It's not a bad idea, IT IS A TERRIBLE IDEA! Get 'me BERNIE! Keep fighting for us!
I think it is ludicrous that Republicans can't grasp the concept of social responsibility outside of business and natural disasters.
LOL  why don't YOU wake UP! And listen to good Ol' BERNIE!
FLASHBACK: Bernie Sanders in 1987 said “If we expanded Medicaid to everybody...we would bankrupt the nation.” 
Bernie does not deny this, he also explains how things are different now. This can happen when people have an open mind.
Who's the TROLL? 
Then why don’t you defend Obamacare? It was a godsend to my family when our little boy was approaching his lifetime max when ACA passed.
hello
Hi
hi how go you i leave you my gmail to get to know better.
marie.pienielle@gmail.com
Hello... anybody there? (problem with old men, they can't hear)
The ones sucking at the teet of the federal government? Commie....
That's because it's just like Obamacare.
Do Graham and Cassidy aka Frankenstein head care one iota??
you have signed affidavits to backup your bogus claim?
But all of them pulling out of states and stopping coverage is a good thing?
Because they'll get less government subsidies?


Everyone with their wits about them agrees.
Conservatives agree, we expected repeal and free markets! Special procedures can be put in place for people are needing assistance
Go figure.. follow the money. Competition is good for business and health care providers.
Because they won’t get rich
Every person thinks Obama care was lie
It seems like this should be one of those overexaggerated loaded "facts", but it's actually true.
But every politician who accepts $ from health insurance companies will fight for their continued existence.
Are you tweeting during the show -B?
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy's hollow rhetoric is lame, flacid, based on spun lies. They are terrified of #BERNIE2020 --look at their eyes.
Challenge big insurance to come up with a plan! Grant themselves a single digit return on investment and use campaign bucks to force passage
Everyone except the CBO!  Better check AP report! CBO says gop healthcare bill will save Americans millions in premiums according to the CBO
Every Family Suffering the DEVISTATING FINANCIAL&PHYSICAL consequences (cant afford to use it due to premiums&deductibles)KNOWS ACA #badidea
Call&RT 202-224–3121. Keep up the calls to Congress about health care, climate change, and impeach 45
You are full of it
And we all thought Obamacare was a disaster and guess what?? We were correct.
Bernie , shut your mouth until and unless your release 10 years of tax returns , you have nothing to say til then .
And what we have now is good? Ur Senil and blind?
Indivisible please stop retweeting this divisive and destructive person's comments. Medicare for all pre dates him by decades. not his toy.
Every Republican idea is horrendous
While my reps have guaranteed healthcare thanks to me working my ass off while paying more taxes than many American corporations

Hmm, I'll call that a LIE Bernie, EVERY? ??  Anything for a vore
Who wouldn't want more vores?
I don't want fucking government insurance
I love working all day to pay taxes so I can listen to my reps argue about why children & elderly do not fees even healthcare.
Deserve
Let's start with removing the charging penalties to people that can't even afford insurance in the first place.  #obamadidntcare
I agree with you and also make possible for them to afford health care
The more I listened today, the more shocked I became
Of course they would. They are responsible for turning Healthcare into a multi-million dollar industry with millionaire CEOs
It's a lot better then Obamacare but you are to senial to realize that. Hey Bernie are you on Obamacare? No you are not!!!!
Our GOP healthcare bill isn't perfect, but your socialized healthcare is downright evil.
Fight on please. As a Medicare recipient I can attest to the comfort of having low cost health care at a time of our lives when aging.
Because it will take money away from THEM! ACA is a cash cow for them!
May " think" Repub plan is a bad idea but all " know" Obamacare is a disaster & has failed
Every HUMAN BEING & ANIMAL ON THIS PLANET KNOWS IT'S A BAD IDEA! ASK A KID THEY KNOW BETTER 2!!
As is any gubment healthcare Bernard!
Yeah, because they get paid if the govt gives it out
If they don't replace this bill all hell is going to break loose next year
How is the lawsuit against your wife going?
Liar
What do they know, right? #throwoutthebabyandthebathwater
You mean like that un Affordable Care Act
Supposedly they will keep pushing repeal til we vote them out.
I no longer worry..7 yrs and 3 bad bills gives me the confidence that they will never pass a bill that would be justified by US
And they are right any every single health professional thinks the GOP Plan is a bad idea.
Oh, so now you are for big business....
Yeah but you admire that mess that is the Venezuelan health care system....everything is free....and non-existent.
That is completely untrue
I agree with you Mr. Sanders and we need a one payer health care system for all.
The only way Trump can create jobs is by killing Americans- that's why he wants the health care bill passed so badly
#DefeatGrahamCassidy we must! 
They're getting rich...premiums are skyrocketing...
Does the current system work?
Approve it then you can read it, and keep your provider if you like him.
Thinks?  No Bernie, they definately know!
Gldjtkdtfym nfys gym but god whas is the bfyyhdn fondness now the best enysgywjcjw of a man is wan gjrzjxw nf handy to the
@SenSanders  I think you broke this API. 1 down millions to go.
You're a bad idea Bernie! #hillaryscrewedu
If it cuts medicaid, medicare and let's states cut pre-existing conditions, it's not good.  But really nothing Reps write will please Dems.
why? we all want money, we all want free stuff, but that does not mean correct.
Every tax paying American knows that socialism has no place in the U. S. Your brand is proven to destroy the lives of the middle class.
Americans know nothing
Is this supposed to be the "public discussion" part of the bill? Done where we yell at the TV instead of our senators,
Yours is the worst of all.
@JeffFlake ,my senator, sent out a video today about how much he loves it. What he loves is donor $$ for reelection not healthy families
The worst idea however is yours
Come on Bernie send me a few $$$. I depleted my life savings paying for Obamacare and mortgage i can only pay one.
I think your as bad as Trump. A populist Ahole driven by ego with no real solutions. Go away.
Good... maybe they will help people make the right decisions.
And yet republicans keep getting elected, what the hell?
if it does not serve all the same then it is a bad idea
Senator Cassidy comes across as a snake oil salesman. Maybe he needs to give up his gov health plan
Stay on point. Corporate media still on the corporate team, probably will try to bait you. Thanks for what you do.
Yes it is however, yours would be equally as disastrous!  Leave my insurance and taxes alone!  My insurance, my choice!  NOT YOURS!
I think the Republican party as a whole is a bad idea
Yeah and the only traction it has right now comes from you discussing single payer. Stop it with that at least until October 1.
blah blah blah from the 3 house owning hypocrite bank fraud berntard.
#BRAINWASHED by #HYSTERICALliberalPROPAGANDA
Get them Bernie....!
We've already had socialist Insurance you're seeing it right now it's called Obamacare
