Trumps attempts to fire those in charge of the investigation is the writing on the wall! Why else would he try so hard to silence outcome?
This is not signed with a B. It is not from Bernie, it's from a staffer
That is because there isn't anything to investigate on that but I think we need to investigate you



Impeach
Trump want under investigation Bernie but you and Hillary need to be.
Lots and lots of hysterical nutty Libs out there! MAGA!! Glad Obummer is gone, worthless and glad Clinton lost, she just plain sucked
No worries! We need to stick together and fight back the crazy misinformed Libs!
You move frm Trump Russia Collusion to obstruction. @POTUS has Constitutional power as head of executive branch to direct any/all actions.
Didn't Comey and Clapper both say there is no evidence?U radicals want to keep this going so that donation money keeps flowin in #hypocrisy
Agreed
What Russia investigation? The one that the FBI can't find? The one orchestrated out of thin air?
all he wanted to do was get his name cleared and rightly so. He has been harassed long enough.
I agree with you. He needs to resign. Just not smart enough to run our country. And possibly crooked. No tax results. Will never get them.
You are right! Comey is a leaker!
Find the evidence
Bernie, you and your rhetoric are deeply disturbing and concerning. Stop the rhetoric and the lies. It's not getting you anywhere,give it up
Nothing new-we've been a laughingstock for over 9 years now! Go to work Congress doing what we pay you for!
It is your rhetoric like this that makes your fans go insane, you must stop the anti Trump rhetoric, it is not helping America.
AG Lynch colluded w/DNC 4 HRC to win primary against u, shut down email investigation. POTUS was not being investigated, u knew 9 months ago
Oh lord!I'm progressive & heard it. It was canned, deliberate, why didn't Comey take notes on Lynch? Why not investigation of Clinton Found?
Marxist Socialism, your religion... is backed by the Russians.  YOU have far far more in common with Putin than Trump does.
What? Are you insane? He's off the hook and you are still promoting it?
Unreal!!!
. YOU ARE THE LIAR! You made ppl think you were against rich ppl, BUT you own 3 lrg homes drive $150k car & fly on private planes etc
Agree
This decrepit old pos is so full of shit don't believe his bs he's a coward that will go with the crowd
Thanks for watching out.
Congress has more power than president.
Your conclusions after the Comey hearing are laughable! What needs to be said to wake you up?
Our health care is falling because of Congress not President.
It's Congress falt who divided us between two parties Sentor Sanders
Democrats only care to gain power. Senators and House representatives and media who dividing us.
Get your hands off it Bernie. It's over.
Don't you have a million dollar home in Boca Raton to go to and retire??? Maybe in Cuba?
Who you gonna believe? A trusted government official with a good track record or the guy who rubs one off to pictures of Putin every night?
Wow this thread really brought out the bots
History records Christian disciples sawed in half, stoned, burned as torches, crucified, imprisoned, and yet they did not deny their faith.
Well, you're not paying attention then. Wishing doesn't make it so, Bernie boy.
You apparently were at a different hearing than the rest of us
Why can't this president just come clean, be a real man! His lies just don't stop!
What about Loretta Lynch? Your OK with what Comey said about her? Probably not because she is on "your team".
Did you not actually watch Comey's testimony?  Trump vindicated by Comey's responses to senators questions, no Trump collusion!
We learned that AG Lynch colluded with Clinton & Comey to use less damning language when referring to email server investigation
As a Socialist Globalist Anti-American, of course you would take that position. But patriot Americans realize Comey is a Clinton lacky!
errr..psst..#cupcake..there's nothing there..#legally or #illegally. Grow a pair n admit it!
Golly, just getting that are you? Help me God.
You mean deeply troubling as in your whole lying narrative has been crushed. Lying traitor sellout
You may still care. Im for burning it down. But im just a disgruntled voters who is pissed off Hillary allowed this monster to win.
What we learned from Comey: Trump was NEVER under investigation! You are a FOOL and the one who attaches himself to LIES! Comey is a leaker
Every time I hear you speak, is deeply troubling. #socialist
This Man isn't Honest either.he goes in front of Masses http://Crowds.talk  about Democrats.then Back Peddle.we want somebody under 60
#BernieMustGo
I'm more concerned by Hillary's support, Qatar, the Sauds... Russia fought against Islam terrorism as a victor!
And u are a religious bigot
What we learned is you need to buy another 6 million dollar house in Ohio to help the economy.
Did you even listen to the testimony? Did you hear Rubio's questions? Have you been out of the solar system lately? ToneDeaf.
Your a hypocrite @SenSanders .
Yes Bernie.  Millions of Americans are also concerned about Trump derailing the investigation into Russia.  @RepAndyBiggsAZ
What we learned is that he wasn't under investigation, Comey was the leaker, no collusion, no obstruction. Oh and you bash Christian's
The entire United States is tried of hearing about this NON Russian interference. Let's move on NOW!
You know what's deeply troubling? A senator that thinks a Christian should not be allowed to hold office. Insanity
You just can't be serious!
Let it go!!!! There is not Russian collusion! Just stop with this agenda already!
I would hope we can bring this to a conclusion, sounds more like small talk. Anyone who has good command of the English language knows this.
THEY BILL THE HECK OUT OF MY AMERICAN EXPRESS.
@Peoples_Mandate this issue is absolutely alien to the American dreams
Liar misdirection deceipt
Same concern you showed when Obama  & Lynch derailed Clinton investigation, oops sorry "matter" Hillary got millionaire out of State Dept
It's deeply troubling for COMEY not Trump. Comey perjured himself and admitted to being the leaker. How about some honesty, Bernie.
And I'm deeply concerned about this #partisan, #deepstate attempted #coup.
You are a liar and collaborated with Clinton to steal your followers money and there votes. GFY
My God, it's over.  8 months of investigations, not a shred of evidence, and you still push this lie?  Dems will pay a price for this in 18.
I take that back about kissing trumps ass but stay away from Dem events.  You are not needed there.
Unlike the democrats that stole the primaries from you? Totally cool with that... gotcha loser
Oh & not the #TarmacMeeting or  #Lynch instructing #Comey 2 not call #Clinton investigation an investigation but a "matter"?
You are a phony. Full of s**t. And an angry old man sending back soup at the deli.
There was nothing there and you know it. Maybe cut back on the prescriptions nunce. And start combing your hair with a brush not a baloon.
Retire and go back to your non working days that you did for over fourty years.
No investigation? Then why a special council? Sorry, but again not sure you are correct on this matter.
Well Bernie, how about you investigate why Obama met with the Russian ambassador an unprecedented TWENTY TWO TIMES?!
We're you listening? I think you wrote this in advance.
Oh Bernie seriously? I used to like you even though I'm not a socialist. You're just another establishment crony.
There were no attempts by Trump to "derail" the investigation. None. What are you smoking?
Very troubling that AG Lynch attempted to obstruct justice. But Trump has been vindicated of same. Time to end this and investigate Lynch.
Too bad there is no collusion or corruption. So now we've got "hurt feelings. Really? A 6'8" FBI Dir? Embarrassment
What we learned from Comey was deeply troubling. I'm more concerned than ever about Trump’s attempts to derail the Russia investigation.
Sir you need to be investigated into the reason why you sold out your constituents to Hillary and took a large sum of money?
What are you talking about sir? Comey admitted there was no @POTUS investgation, no obstruction of justice. Most people disagree with you.
Who is brave enough to stand up for the people?  #GeoEngineering and #Fukushima are wiping out the country.
Here's what we learned you senile old man.
Maybe for you it was troubling, but @POTUS received 
#BernieSanders yes it was troubling to see Obama Admin scandal- Loretta Lynch! Thank God #realDonaldTrump is our @POTUS! #YestoTrump!
America saw #POTUS vindicated. I think you are exhibiting first signs of senility - mental deterioration. Maybe you should retire.
How many from both sides need to say it? There is NO evidence of collusion with Russia. Are libs and socialists deaf & blind? #DNCLeaks
#SethRich #Justice4SethRich #Justice4Seth #DNCfraudLawsuit #DNCleaks #Wikileaks #RussiaBIGLIE

#SethRich #Justice4SethRich #Justice4Seth #DNCfraudLawsuit #DNCleaks #Wikileaks #RussiaBIGLIE
#SethRich #Justice4SethRich #Justice4Seth #DNCfraudLawsuit #DNCleaks #Wikileaks #RussiaBIGLIE
#SethRich #Justice4SethRich #Justice4Seth #DNCfraudLawsuit #DNCleaks #Wikileaks #RussiaBIGLIE
. Citizens didn't learnANYTHING From Comey. Instead the dysfunctional way in that investigations wasting tax payers money areDONE
How about how the DNC derailed your chances? Or Loretta Lynch? Lets be fair here.
You're a sick minded old man.
Troubling?  NOT THE RUSSIAN MR.SANDERS !
YOU have become a joke
Puppet Trump was put in power to overturn some of Obama's policies especially the ones that benefit people! This is all a big con nightmare
Can't fix stupid
You're about as ignorant as the rest of the Democrats he never try to alter anything
Yes Bernie - we learned that HRC collided with Russia to steal the election from you 
*colluded
Please do  asap before he starts WWWIII  war on Iran and Arabs to destroy all as I know he is selected before he borned to destroy the world
We may lack evidence on collusion,but wait till they follow the money and find the laundromat!
Release your taxes
Yes lock him up I hate this ape of a human. Impeach.him
How about lynch?? Mr sanders 
State right now what evidence you have? Furthermore there wasn't an investigation on Trump! Listen to the tapes
Wow! The way you were railroaded by your own party & you focus on "hoping" for something? What about Lynch? What about Bleachbit, hammers?
We learned that you are a hateful bigot
I feel like it's all a freak show and no one can save America. Nothing good will happen & this will continue for 4-8 years. Maybe forever.
Watch out Georgia special election Bernie, count votes manually
you made a envious documentary for socialist revolutionary Eugene Debs( jailed for espionage)  & you honeymooned in the USSR.
You're troubled there was no collusion. Now you don't have anything to talk about.
So what are WE going to do about it?
Talk about troubling. Your violation of Article VI Section 3 of the USC is what is Troubling #ExpelBernieSanders
Sure was troubling.It proved that a six foot eight wimp could run the FBI.
What we learned is @HillaryClinton is a Traitor and a BEOOCH!
Obviously communism affects your abability comprehending did you watch a different hearing?
There was no investigation ya Ole goof. Aren't u libs tired of ur lies and deceit. Time 2 rid America of the Democratic party completely
What we learned from Comey was deeply troubling. Loretta Lynch & Comey obstructed justice. So far, that and the leaking are the only crimes
How would your old A$$ know
you LIE Bernie!!  He exonerated Trump.. NO collusion!!
What's deeply troubling is that voters in VT keep re-electing you.
Stop lying to the public!

"Comey was looking to take POTUS down.Wanted to preserve himself,he's an operator&part of the Washington elite."-Judge Jeanine@foxandfriends 
HOW DARE YOU...YOU JUST PISSED OFF MORE AMERICANS THAN YOU CAN COUNT..  Sanders attacks Christians: http://youtu.be/Em9q1SD5sfc?a    via @YouTube
ANTI-CHRISTIAN BERN READ CONSTITUTION article 6 "no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or PublicTrust"
That Hillary was involved in illegal behavior
-Creape 3 Homes??? Never had Job in his life.
You Bernie supporters live in a false reality
This time the Russians succeeded. I am so happy
Are you becoming part of The Establishment?
How can (is it possible) for a President, who has the authority to start/stop an investigation and/or pardon, obstruct justice?
Stop with stuff, The American People are tired.
Why? Because he wanted any of his staff that had inappropriate contact with Russia found? Turn up your hearing aides Bernie.
You are as big an old FOOL as MCCabe. You should both resign.
I learned today that you sir are anti Christian
Real threat2 #Trump: exposing his long-term business deals w/ #MoneyLaundering/#Russia $ linked to #Putin https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/trump-biggest-scandal-us-history-he-tool-russians-both-frydenborg?trk=mp-reader-card … #Comey
