Let's not force all tax payers to fund abortions!
That's a debunked lie. Greater access to healthcare, sex ed, AND contraception GREATLY reduces abortion rates as well as teen pregnancy
More liberal talking points it's all bs
Really, so countries w/ socialized medicine n proper sex ed w/ accessible contraception DON'T have lower abortion rates? Prove it, I'll wait
Abortion rates are highest in areas with highest levels of welfare and yes that includes white areas. So socialism doesn't=Low abortion
That's funny, cuz states that practice abstinence-only have the highest teen birth rates...hmmm
Those areas also lead in Abortion and welfare. Not sure what you're point is here
Ur saying the correlation is welfare. I'm saying the correlation is no sex ed, no easy access to contraception, and little 2 no HC coverage
Sorry you fell for Sanders stunt. We need a well thought out paid for plan, not a campaign slogan. Google Germany's healthcare system.
You are correct though - in order to be successful, we need to also look at healthcare programs from other countries.
No need to reinvent wheel. As grad student, I took economics of healthcare and looked at international plans. We should pick best features.
Our county lost last ACA plan so husband with neurodegenerative disease may die uninsured. Paid taxes since age 14. Funny how it focuses you
His barrier to care is 2 yr Medicare wait for #SSDI recipients who receive Compassionate Allowance decision for ALS, pancreatic cancer, etc.
Wow; that's incredibly awful thing to do to those in need. It's not like SSDI makes a person rich, just enough for survival, if even that.
His healthcare costs are greater than both our incomes. And he has high coverage ACA plan right now. Life savings gone in 1 1/2 years.
This should not occur in our nation. Many others also face similar issues as well.
I would much rather my tax dollars go to #MedicareForAll than endless wars or Trump's many vacays.
Same
So many vacays the unprecedented happens, the SS being unable to fund his security anymore. How's that even possible?? it's crazy...
A better return investment is to reduce the $20Tillion deficit not add to it with an expense that would bankrupted US
Let's throw 30 million dollars at the illegal alien college fund
One thing we don't need is you.
Ask our vets how gov't healthcare is for them.  Majority of doctors, clinics and, hospitals refuse Obama care for a reason.  Get real
Craziness!  Your healthcare reform is bankrupting America.  Please stop trying to help.  California is running off tax payers.
@KamalaHarris how about all these lazy asses go out and get a job in this recovering economy thanks to @realDonaldTrump
More government involvement is a better investment. Think again lady!!
You KNOW it will bankrupt us! SUPPORT  SMARTER option to expand UR Federal Health plan for all. Insurances not bankrupt, competition alive!
Don't get hung up on #MedicareForAll while Graham-Cassidy is still a threat.
No
How about we return what was taken and allow them to invest it where they wish?
Healthcare and meds were affordable before HMOs/insur cos. It must be a right, and it must be not-for-profit! Please include dental too!
The only way we can even think govt can do this well is that govt screwed it up so badly in the first place.  #VAforall No thanks
False statement once again.  It's not a better return. Only benefits the poor and illegals.
I think it is called "Medicaid" prior to 65, but I agree.
Thank you for your hard work
And what happens to the people that currently work for insurance companies? Who takes care of them?  I'm not talking execs here
You must all do a better job of showing how it is paid for, how it will save us money.  Make them understand. #Singlepayer
This proposed entitlement most likely means increased taxes for the middle class.
TELL CHUCK SCHUMER
Show me the financial number in how you will pay for this?
@LCARS_24 BS it's the greed of the pharma intermingled with Gov. A nasty lose lose mix for Americans
It's not an "investment". It's theft.
I encourage everyone to go to the Medicare for All website and read it. It answers most questions we have about it.
http://www.medicareforall.org/pages/Answers 
Yes, let's! 

@BillCassidy opposes because he's unwilling to address the real issue of med costs (provider/insurance/Rx) in U.S. vs world.
Yeah like the VA single payer which is not working for the vets!  Fix the VA them we can talk!
We need a tax break, we don't make your money

Let do something with the Illegals and give the American Children's Dreams a chance!
Crazy
thank you!
So proud to have you representing California!! #MedicareForAll
So those who don't pay taxes won't be covered? Good for you!
Kamala, if only U knew what U were talking about!  Sadly U do not! Educate yourself about HC & Medicare!! Do the work!!
Who is the most likely GOP to support vote on this? Also which GOP member is taking funds from Insurance companies and Big Pharma?
Don't tell twitter, tell Chris Murphy

#singlepayershame
Let's hope you mean what you say and say what you mean.
Maybe you can sleep with enough senators to get the votes! Why stop what's got you where you are at!
Come on tell the truth you don't want to give the tax payers shit you want to take more! Try telling the truth once in your life
Trillion dollars a year u idiot
You're speaking as if I CHOSE to invest my money by being taxed. (Makes no sense). How bout I CHOOSE how I spend my earned income.
#democratsmakemesick
Socialism does not work Kamala...refer to Venezuela for confirmation:
http://www.usdebtclock.org/# 
Get a grip doofus. We're $20Trillion in debt.
Medicare doesn't cover 100% so people may wish to buy extra coverage with private/state insurance companies.  Is that the plan? @DNC
Are you drunk?
LOVE YA
--Bernie Supporter!!
What a freaking stooopid idea.   Bankrupt America faster you say.  I say shove it where the sun don't shine. #Communists
when amendment for single payer was presented on the Senate floor during ACA repeal/replace most cowardly DEMs voted 'present' not yes!
I'm all for single payer healthcare. But I'd like to know this will work as our current system is ruled by multi-billion $ ins. companies.
Instead of wasting Tax $ filling the pockets of Greedy Insurance Co. thru ObamaCare, we should pay doctors directly thru #MedicareForAll
Not a return on my investment. You going to let us by stock?
You first!
By having us pay more taxes? #MedicareForAll #Med will be a disaster that will be in the back of the taxpayer
http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-faq#bankrupt …
Government has been a total disaster on almost every action taken. Since when do Americans need mothers to take care of us. Do it yourself
Let you handle Medicare. I don't think so.
"Investment" is a very poor choice of wording for taxes, government borrowing beyond its revenue, and government spending.
Stay out of our pocketbook Harris.
Then free up some money. Start with defunding Illegals and government welfare programs.
Let's give tax payers what they want. Removal of Kamala
Yes! Now, where do you stand on campaign finance reform and, assuming you care, how will you act to get it in place?
Heil Kamamamalalala!!!!!    TAX & SPEND!! TAX & SPEND!!! TAX & SPEND!! TAX & SPEND!!! TAX & SPEND!! TAX & SPEND!!! Socialism destroys!!!!
Will you and your colleagues be utilizing Medicare for All Senator, or will you exempt yourselves once again?
Hell no
Okay that sounds GREAT Turn HEALTH CARE Over to the MOST CORRUPT INEPT USELESS GANG of NITWITS
That Sounds GREAT 
WHAT COULD GO WRONG 
Cooperative non profit healthcare. Outside incompetent government corruption.
Does this proposal encompass all of the illegal aliens you let roam this country, Kamala?
I need less government involvement in my health care, not more. The more government has gotten involved, the worse it's become.
Because there is NO waste, fraud, or abuse in MediCare . . .
0We will remember you supported this, watching to see what you'll do when it looks like this will pass. Your career depends upon it.
Protip: Don't use financial terms if you have no idea what you are talking about or couldn't care less about financial responsibility.
What is your plan.....thought so you have none to propose!
Very well said! I think this statement will go far.
Watch the video where Ronald Reagan talks about National Healthcare. Then tweet us your thoughts. Thanks.
What!? Investment!?
Are you thinking about Citizens here or your illegal friends
I assume you are asking Kamala.
Yes... Sorry about that...
I GREATLY ADMIRER
SORRY I AM A GREAT ADMIRER OF YOUR CONVICTIONS AND WHAT YOU DEEM IMPORTANT!!!!!!
