Quit with the scare tactics already!! #nosocialism
It's not a scare tactic it's just facts. BCRA or any form of block granting ends EPSDT which covers all kids on Medicaid.
A US senator saying people will DIE is most certainly a scare tactic.  I'm with @RandPaul  #cleanrepeal end the #Obamacare nightmare!
If facts are scary to you, then yeah. Taking away EPSDT will result in deaths. Taking away subsidies will result in deaths.
Increasing premiums and removing protections will result in deaths. Repealing Obamacare will result in deaths.
Increasing premiums? Really? Have you seen the premiums since #Obamacare ? SMH ok whatever you say. #alternativefacts
Yes. I have. Premium increase was lower the  expected. Look it up. Did you expect them to suddenly stop increasing if Obamacare didn't pass?
The irony of these words is lost on you clearly #CharlieGard
No private or public insurer in the US pays for experimental treatments. However this bill will repeal EPSDT.
EPSDT means every child on Medicaid gets every medically necessary evidence based treatment. So @SenSanders is correct.
At tax payer expense, currently costs 4500 per person on Medicaid and we have 70m people on the program.
Yes, we treat disabled and uninsured children at expense to the taxpayer. I'm proud of that.
But why do you want the executive branch to have this much control.  Why do we have 70m people on the program, that's not in including the
Bernie is definitely the president we need at a time like this. Despite titles, he is the de facto leader of progressives in this country.
no.he cheered for mccain todaytime progressives leave him in past.
You leave him where you want him. I do not see anyone with a more consistent record of caring for working families and POC. #StillSanders
noon in dc will work for people.that is clear now.not like dem establishment wil adopt any of his ideas anyway or let him win.
Well, I am not going to quit trying, but I think you have a point. Like gay marriage and other issues, states and cities may take the lead.
the supreme court will stop them.we are living in permeant one party corporate rule.
Well, no we are not. There has never been one of those that lasted. I understand your feelings of dismay, hopelessness & anger, though.
since 2016 things just get worse and worse. gop is winning war against medicaid.
Thank u from all parents like me with sick children.
Good, because if you do, you will be lying.
Keep stealing money Bernie. Your followers deserve, to be lied and cheated. You are a crook
You lost move on already
This isn't a matter of loosing or winning. It's a matter of a basic human right to have healthcare for all.
My son is disabled and has support and hopes to get off assistance. If he had not had the support our whole family would be so poor and sad.
Socialist Medicine didn't help Charlie Gard , and he was left to lay in a Govt Hospital.  Govt felt he wasn't worth it . 7 months .
Many Americans will die because they can't afford the  Obama was forcing down their throats. Tell the truth you P.O.S!!
Hey Bernie, your whole life including retirement will be on the public dime.
We need to improve on what we have because health care won't cover the costs if you can't afford to pay.
Bear note "bare"!!
Now all the children are going to die !!!!!? We're all gonna die!!
we LOVE you Bernie!!!
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens! Wake up USA!
I love u, @SenSanders! If politicians cared about their constituents like u, the world would be a much better place.

Thank you!
-America 
You know Bernie always says he's for the poor the Donald tried but you take a look at his
You like single payer socialized medicine, move to Cuba. Stay awhile and then see how you still like it.
Government run healthcare, single payer both are garbage! The VA is government run and look how well that's working! Don't fall for his lies
Worked the VA.NO accountability.Sad.
I see people's needs for Medicaid daily in the ER where I work.
Give 'em hell, Bernie! Y'all, call GOP senators NOW!!
Nope. Tired of paying for Liberals subsidies
You're not. We all are paying for each other. May you or anyone in your family never need it.
Alzheimer patients would die within a matter of weeks
Did Republicans pass the bill exempting you and your fellow cronies in Congress from the ACA?
@BernieSanders 
@SenatorHeitkamp 
@SenBillNelson
@clairecmc 
#maga
#infowars
.@realDonaldTrump
Then quit lying. Stop calling them and lying to them. Problem solved
Seriously! What do u say to those who can't afford their health care bc their premiums have gone up so much??? Not to mention taxed on them.
Bernie Sanders is so far out in left field everybody knows that he's a millionaire he acts like he's
Like Charlie Gaurd on the health care you are proposing????
They want the Gov in every aspect of your life making decisions for you. It's amazing these people can think for themselves. #berniesux
AP I agree with you
Bernie pls run in 2020 we desperately need you!
It would be a good idea for Bernie Sanders to run for president prep someplace in Europe might be real good place to

Get a grip Bern, you are clueless as to how healthcare even works......so not sure how you could begin to help fix it. Keep it real.
A #SinglePayer system does not work! Strangers decide if your worth #treating based on a chart of age, #health history & cost effectiveness!
Never however simple research of countries in a single payer system will validate my tweet. Due diligence is always requires reading try it
You're so extra as the kids say. Sheesh Bernie relax. No ones dying stop scaring people with your political agenda
FEAR MONGER... everyone knows any hospital will take a patient w/o ins....
@FBI @TheJusticeDept ...@GOP will be held accountable... endangering public safety... and more... they are an unpatriotic terrorist org.
Politicians should have same health insurance as regular people.
I hate the idea that my tax dollars are giving this gov free reign to destroy our social safety nets
Do you just make this shit up?
That's completely moronic any healthcare or not is not goin to change anything
Bring truth
Shut up http://bernie.you  rolled over for hillary and dnc. You took their buyout. You are an aged out old hippie. #totaldisappointment
What about children dieing from legislation democrats pass? That's fine with you?
bsb can not tell the truth if on the phone or in person.
Agreed
Obamacare isn't a saviour or children. Obamacare isnt jesus
Or telling parents are going to die because the govt controls their healthcare
Your a con artist.
That is rediculous! Your tweets are as outrageous as Trump's!
Then come up with a viable plan that's not ridiculously burdensome tax-wise, instead of PMC'ing about the Republican plan.
Fear tactics!  He's not too worried about the families who have lost coverage, doctors, loads of money because of Obamacare !
What crap!
He's all for hand outs, making us dependent on the government
Giving government control, making deciditions for us, look at the baby in UK.
Bernie NO THANK YOU!
"If you like you're doctor, you can keep your doctor!"....remember that bernie?? The dems need to help fix THIER screw up!
This is all just disgusting and it's times like this I am not proud to be a born American
You mean like Charlie Gard?

Bernie, please advise travel to UK, no person is returned to a country that would allow them to die for want of meds. Or Canada.
Good for you. Thank-you , you wonderful man.
IF YOU WOULD WORK TOGETHER INSTEAD OF CRYING THEN YOU WON'T HAVE TO MAKE THAT KIND OF PHONE CALL.
I believe hyperbole was made for Socialists. Of course you want to make these phone calls and get them on the stage with you.
@itzazoouno what's Mitch's phone number again, Bernie?
Why don't you admend the health care bill and work together to give American Citizens free basic health care?
Bernie, go to bed.
You keep using children dying as a talking point, yet sanction the slaughter of babies by aborting them.  Typical liberal hypocrasy.

No but you want to explain why the current coverage available won't cover the medical care they paid for
screw them! kids get free health care at st. jude #socializedmedicine #killpoliticians #revolt #newregime #govtreform
Crazy but reality
Unfortunately because of YOU going out of your way to help Trump win the election, many children (Many people) may die.
It's known that people will not lose their coverage for 18 months. That gives you a deadline to replace ACA. Repeal it and get to work.
How bout calling them to tell them obamacare has no options and they are sick...
Let the Republicans tell her.  LET THEM EXPLAIN THEMSELVES.
can you do any better???? Big talker
Tell that woman w/ the $600k in RX cost to move to Canada As insurance co's & Big Pharma has bribed out Govt pass the point of no return 
All Dems lies!
Shut up Bernie
Lol. You can't silence THAT which hath had been spoken. We are AWOKEN. the masses outnumber those who choose to slumber in ignorant bliss.
Nice scare tactics Bernie.
Exploiting ill children and using scare tactics based on lies. How sad.
. Do you have Obamacare?  Lol.. Go dive in your riches Bernie.
Long-term if this bill is passed it will speed up natural selection, lessen the burden on society to assist less phiscally abel.
Scare tactic much? Before aca we were not dying in droves ,after aca people going without food to pay for government mandated. insurance !!
Beauty is as beauty does; Bernie is the most handsome man in America, just recently discovered.
Stegner träumt immer noch von Sanders!!Verlierer Stegner Realitätsverlust jetzt hilft Stegner Martin Schulz ... lach
Sanders wurde von Stegner im Wahlkampf unterstützt! Wer hat verloren Sanders, gut Stegner! Sanders,Albig,Kraft bald auch Schulz Stegner weg
Oh Bernie... nobody will phone you because socialists dont provide anything let alone health care. They take from people... just like you!
So much drama. Do you believe your lies and embellishments are helping? Do the job Americans need done & get rid of Obamacare!
Repeal Obamacare now
Try it hooked to a lie detector with a million volts on the wrong end...
THEN DON'T JUST QUIT CRYING THE SKY IS FALLING
Keep up the fight Bernie!  Lots of negative noise.  Everyone's a critic.  Politicking can't be easy.
Love how half country thinks getting government OUT of healthcare will cause people to lose it and die? It's called getting new insurance
Don't worry trump or pence has no problem make that call
Your sanctuary city & open borders policy kills more people than making people pay for their own insurance. Insurance is not an entitlement.
Drama much?
Bernie we love you. Please, Please run third party. Dems are not going to change. We need YOU. Please run or endorse Nina/Tulsi ticket
Tell that to people who can no longer afford your "affordable" health care
It might help this mom & others to know this bill will give TRUMP & HIS NEW WEALTHY FRIENDS A HUGE TAX BREAK & NEW YACHTS.
You would be Lying! And you need to be in jail with your wife!
But you don't mind letting them die because you're unwilling to act and #RepealAndReplace
So true! While I'm old &would be affected greatly if Liar Trump & GOP have their way, It's more unbearable knowing what it would do to kids.
Good. You shouldn't do that. Ever. That'd be premature and hyperbolic.
.@SenToddYoung is one of those too scared to meet with his constituents. I guess his conscience is talking to him but he's ignoring it
You sir are nuts lol
You are THE man Bernie. I wish there were many more like you. (99 to be exact)
You lost credibility when you accepted that Hillary & DNC cheated you then you endorsed her. Stick to fighting your wife's investigation.
@SenSanders to use a phrase from our native Brooklyn, "would you give up!?"

Thank you & bless you Bernie Sanders #DraftBernie 
Interesting you bring up children whn Obamacare wiped out the entire child only policy mkt & had to make create immediate exemptions

This thread stinks of putrid maga slime.....
Fear Monger #1........everything GOP is doing will Kill us all. Sucks to be powerless and have to scare people just to keep your sheep happy
Just a little more anger Bernie. You could reach stroke level.
Where was the outrage when you got screwed out of the primary
Thank you Bernie.
Which house will you be calling from?
This is my senator! I couldn't be prouder! Thank you Bernie!! #proudvermonter
Tell it to Charlie Gard's parents, they have the healthcare you want.  Hypocrite multi mansion millionaire.  GO away.
On every issue the strategy of being specific, of evoking sharp intense images in the public's mind is the most persuasive we may employ
Can you get your wife to pay part of the 10mill she took?
How do you sleep at night after lying all day like this?
Good on you Mr. Sanders
THE STREETS R CALLING YOU. FFS PPL. WHAT MORE MOTIVATION DO YOU NEED. Call ur congressmen from Washington's doorstep!
Well yeah. Why lie to just one person when you can lie to millions comrade!
This two minutes is proof that you are a lunatic!!
Don't worry you won't be your power less you communist.  Republicans rule
How many calls like that did you make in last 6 YEARS.?? @GOP @TheDemocrats @realDonaldTrump
We need you to get in Teumps Head.  You need to attack his mental capacity and morals.
Oops that is get into Trumps head.  It would be the knock out punch to Trump.  He will loose it.
We just go to the doctor and pay for it....it's insurance not health care u sold us! Call it what it is
Obamacare has good coverage, but the premium is so high. Who is going to pay it when funds are running out of money?
Dr. Bernie
Wish Hillary would have let you fight this Dog and let you be the president the world would be a better place today
Don't worry.  You won't be on the phone wth any parents.  You're too lazy
Every American has access to quality healthcare. The only issue is who pays the bills.

No just lie and tell them they can keep their own doctor or that premiums are Affordable.
Both are a JOKE!
#Liar
This vote is truly about life or death, financial solvency or bankruptcy for thousands of American brothers and sisters. Call your senator.
Children have already been dying under Obamacare. It's called ABORTION, aka INFANTICIDE! Give me a break!
The Dems lack the ability to brand. Americans relate to branding like, "Republican Death panels" 10,000's will die because of their panels.
Many lost employer insurance because of you and the Dimlibs, bet ya hate to tell them your sorry.
Are you going to tell your neighbor that you've been stealing his Washington Post? Pretty low Bernie, pretty low!
Your rhetoric is out of proportion
i'd vote for you any day.
Overdramatizing ? Are we?
Would that be the phone in your 2nd or 3rd mansion that your sellout paid for????
Oh the irony of socialism. Ever hear of Charlie Gard? Look him up Bern. #keepgovernmentout

In Iowa. Been calling & calling. They STILL voted to take my cancer treatments away. I'm the only one in the house with a job or any income.
No prob Bern! Resign from the Senate.  This is the best thing you could do for America!  Quit destroying the Republic we love!
But you'd be cool with being on the phone telling a parent their kid had just been killed by an illegal alien drunk driver, right Bern?
Is your wife in prison yet? That's what you should be worried about. Leave the Healthcare problems to the grown ups.

Blame it on yourself for getting gvt involved in healthcare
It's amazing that people somehow lived until Obama came along and created this thing called Health Care.
This guy is a #turdburglingbuttswine
Ppl were supposed to starve wh GOP ended extended unemployment. Instead unemployment went dwn.
Stop it Bernie! Enough of your scaring people.. America supports Americans..
STAY OFF PHONE THEN
You hypocrite.
New car.
New beach house.
Campaigned for the woman who STOLE 200 million from your supporters.
Your a real Mr. 'Principles'.
Thats easy then stop getting on the phone and lying to people. Problem Solved.
Sorry, but it starts to look like you ARE the evil empire. All this is obscene! Shame on every one of you !
I know you don't Bernie your heart and soul and being is in the correct place there is so few of you in so many of the wrong people in Wa
Bernie you didn't care when you rammed the ACA down our throat. Focus on term limits so you can go away
It's a total disgrace. Everything trump is doing is going against the grain of what we stand for. Time to impeach and get rid of family too!
Bernie Sanders is absolutely right when he says that there are clearly potential problems for many if this bill is passed!
