Let's see the proof Bernie. Can't believe your rhetoric just because you say it. Really? Millions? We the people say,  show us the proof.
$64K Q: Why don't you get the regimes to return them to their lands, offer them free houses, welfare and security instead?
You mean the illegals? I'm for that.
Not true show us the numbers, Bernie. Or are you referring to the illegal aliens, which shouldn't be on insurance anyway?
What about the hundreds of millions who would be thrown off their insurance plans if you implement your single payer? You hack
Colonel Sanders you should stick to making fried chicken 
Stupid remark is that all you can come up with?
Yes. Obamacare did enough damage already.
Graham-Cassid; Medicare For All; none of the above? http://writerbeat.com/articles/18845-Medicare-For-All-But-why-would-you-want-that- … …
Canadian system. Care for all! Health is #1, not more planes and missiles
I think something more like the German system might work better to get there, but reasonable minds can differ.
Yes.US system is base around capitalism.Making money from treating the sick, not curing them. So much waste and fraud also. Sell, sell, sell
I like the German idea of groups of people running their own plans (Krankenkassen). Similar things are possible in US law.
Senator Sanders I have put $600 into fighting Trump and him trying to appeal Obamacare and I am going to blame him!
Please stop this madness!
Because the Dems want exclusive rights for throwing people off health insurance.
Your false rhetoric is never supported by facts.  You're a sell out, and nothing more.  How about you work a real job?
Thank you ! Keep fighting for the citizens to receive full coverage healthcare for all citizens.
Horrific. #Rohingya women showing up w bruising on bodies, bite marks on their breasts & genitals
Disturbing but important story by @AFP's @clairecoz, reporting from refugee camps in Cox's Bazar https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/37204578/gang-rape-horrors-haunt-rohingya-refugees/?cmp=st … #Rohingya #Myanmar
You didn't care for the millions that lost their insurance with ACA, or the penalties, or that many can't afford ACA.
Wasn't he against the money type people he has become???
Thank you for your continued fight!! #withyou #HealthcareReform
This is why I despise the Republican party. They are for the few not the masses. The few meaning the top 1%.
Guess again. Don't believe the lies. Republicans don't want people to be dependent on govt for everything.  Life better for all.
You need more govt not less
No words needed post speaks for itself
Versus the one that Democrats passed that made health insurance unaffordable for Millions?
Better check figures again. Many are opting to pay the penalty because they can't afford the stupid thing! Breaking seniors on food bills.
Bernie! Bernie! Bernie!
If u haven't watched Bernie's Westminster speech I encourage u to do so & remind yourself what a leader sounds like
You love his speeches bc you don't have to work to get benefits or $. Anyone who works doesn't want Bernie ' s plan. They pay  for YOU.
ACA! ACA! ACA! Lets fix this plan & build upon it. The day will arrive in future 4 Medicare 4 All...just not right time NOW. Reality spoke
If its hard 2 find funds 4 ACA, what makes U think funds B found 4 Medicare 4 all? Stop it.  Too much is at stake...U playing N2 GOP hands.
Bernie, this is the time to fight 4 ACA.  Not Medicare 4 all.  All u b doing is putting ACA in coffin while GOP horrific plan move 4ward.
Let's fund Medicare properly and open it up to everyone.
Graham-Cassid; Medicare For All; none of the above? http://writerbeat.com/articles/18845-Medicare-For-All-But-why-would-you-want-that- … …
already off health insurance betwen govnt mandated health  and auto insurance (CA)I couldn't afford rent I'll pay penalty thnks
Demagogue
Go Bernie. Tell "em"!
Sen Sanders - can you first please stop Potus from leading the world to WW3 by his provocation of North Korea ?
You pushed the Obama I don't care bill thru. No one wanted it
 Or don't you remember. Selective memory.
Obamacare already did that.
Thank you
What a dumb shit, millions have already lost health insurance because of Obamacare.
so you want working Americans to pay too much for their healthcare? typical socialist concept
Bernie Sanders never seems to mention how many millions of Americans have lost coverag/ doctors dew to the disaster of Obamacare, why not
He keeps saying let the government take care of you, look at the VA and what's happening, do you really eant to put your health in gov hands
Is this fare for us people d has to work sometime 2 jobs to make it n taxes keep going up n my health insurance premium, Obcare is nonsense!
Pay taxes or don't want to work,they keep having babies like rabbits cause they know gov will pay 4 everything,leaving of food stamps,how...
It needs to be done, d major of those people r illegals like in CA d given them drive license n now get free health care d majority don't...
About time - they should be reminded they work for the people not themselves.
Scare tactics, Bernie! Where does it say in the Proposal that it will throw people off of their health care?  More BS, Bernie!
Why are you a independent?  nothing independent about a communist .  You're the biggest sellout and pussy.
U will see. Old fool divider, what millions? U mean the millions who r forced to get it, with incredible high deductible and horrendous pric
Now millions won't be "thrown off", they just won't buy it due to high premiums and deductibles. Good job, Congress!
And we don't want your solution.  We will be dying in the streets.  The govt needs to stay out of our health.  Look at the VA
Still flapping your lips with democrat talking points. They are all lies
You're sabotaging Obamacare by bringing up Single Payer now! Why are you opposed to making Obamacare better?
Then do your part Monday night - unifying message - not about you

https://twitter.com/Amy73900689/status/911340086129823745 …

Your dream of single payer would throw 100 million off company paid insurance and cost the U.S. 32 Trillion over 10 years. Move 2 Venezuela!
GOP was on the back-foot due to the clever tactics/strategy of Schumer/Pelosi. You traitor scum gave GOP life by announcing Single Payer.
You are a traitor to Dems who is secretly working to prop-up GOP/Trump. What was the need for diverting to Single Payer in Sept?You help GOP
This was a horrific bill
This is America. You want us to be Venezuela. Hope there's never enough young people that DONT HAVE IT FIGURED OUT yet that u count on
Go Bernie tell them why you mad
They're not "throwing ppl off health ins." Your lies are shameless and are worse than your seven-figure hypocrisy about income inequality
Yes! But w all due rspct, please don't push your medicare for all bill at this juncture. If they're self destructing, don't interrupt them!
We don't want to deal with your rationing and you telling us whats good for us. were not slaves you marxist
“The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other peoples' money.”Margaret Thatcher
Yeah that's why all universal healthcare in Canada and Europe is bankrupt. Wake up single payer works better than anything we've ever had
And we are not going to socialism either you are a communist! Get out of the senate.we are tired of your yelling.
Lol! If you can't differentiate between socialism and communism then you shouldn't talk.  You obviously have no idea what you are saying
Why not? You did it with obamacare
@SenSanders And we won't let you turn the US into Venezuela
Bernies in the top 5% in net worth in the US. He's old as dirt. Let's take his cash and fund Medicare for ALL...for about 1.3 nanoseconds.
Billions...with a B...maybe...Trillions...with a T. You are a stupid old fart. Time to retire to the Clinton/Soros Lake Champlain home.
Obama did that to me. Pay 500 a month for insurance where I have huge deductibles and lost my dr of 15 years. Cost too much to get sick 
True. But worst before the ACA. Dam those politicians.
You mean you aint gonna let it pass so millions can CHOOSE to leave...

Ideas so popular they need a mandate
Like the GOP in 2010...aint shit you can do...its up to them...and they scared
SF  U
Are you going to pay the premiums and for all immigrants
You wouldn't have been born if our country didn't support your great grandparents when they arrived from Ireland. Hypocrite
Is POTUS insane enough to inflame N. Korea with crazy talk to distract us from the horrible 'healthcare' bill.
Don't forget that's what Obama care did. No Republican votes. Learn to work together, Obama care has failed already.
Translation we democrates want to own you
Because the rest of us should just pay unaffordable premiums and keep our mouths shut, right?@SenSanders
No you should fight for single payer
Don't act like you are doing anything about it, the Republicans are doing it for you! By all means, take credit though...

OBSTRUCTIONIST.
Y is @realDonaldTrump still in office @SenSanders like how can this be. When its so easy to THROW others IN JAIL for LESSOR CRIMES. IDU...EP
@realDonaldTrump is a Mad MAN #TrumpsAWhite
Supremacist and his
REASON for his STUPIDITY in office is alway @HillaryClinton or this MAN.
Bernie: Why do so many Republicans want people to die?
Sick of paying for everyone else and mine too!
You ignore math! All this time in office only has gotten us further in the hole.
(Another one of) @realDonaldTrump @MikePenceVP proudly defendING this FLAG. (their Proud moments)
He created tention such as this and seperated the good whites from the bad whites.
They All did this
He constantly does this
This is What Donald Trump did WHILE MAKING HIS AMERICA GREAT.
Its sad I talk shit about the deplorables but I also pray for them because they are clearly unbalanced.
Second year in a row getting kicked off insurance because of the ACA.  What say you?
I'm surprised to see you've had no comments to this. I get called a liar or told that I must have tried to cheat the system.
Got kicked off BCBS in 2016, getting kicked off Preferred One this year, group plan.
Yep. Got kicked off BCBS in 2016. ACA is currently almost as much as our house payment.
Nobody says ACA is perfect, of course it has flaws. But for the mayority of the s it's the lesser of 2 evils.
All it did was screw over small business and the middle class.  Take the money we gave to Iran and spend it on Health Care.
The republican party is heart less they wont to PLAY GOD WITH HEALTH CARE. There is a reason Y SOME of us WITH FATAL DISEASE don't DIE.
So let's just make Healthcare cost more and suck more for everyone else. Great plan Bernie
This NEW Company premuims are double. They dont pay any LABS OR TEST. I PAY OUT OF POCKET AND TROOP HAS DOUBLED If the Cancer comes back IDK
Obamacare saved my life. Stage 3 ovarion cancer a young woman I am. In remission but forced end OBAMA CARE and go with Co health care.
Lot of citizens dont care because they wont speaker up
Nope we WONT.
Thank you Senator. #ACA keeps my father alive and will save my unborn child.
Medicare for All! Keep pushing for the best thing for the American people!
So National Bankruptcy would be good for ALL Americans? Stupidity at an epic level!
Find  at least 2 more Republicans to take pence out of the equation
Please don't let this vote go through . I am a 63 old women with pre-existing health issues that would cause me not to be able to afford
What about the millions who dont want or cant afford the current health care system?  Nothing wrong with mine till Obummercare came along.
We are now calling it ‘Trump Discare’
This is personal. The only reason republicans need to pass this is to destroy @BarackObama's signature legacy. @ChuckGrassley confirmed that
Repeal and replace Obumacare
Twist it all up Bernie - standard operating procedure
We wouldn't be going through this, if not for you.
Show us you TAX RETURNS Bernie . Why wait so long ? What are you hiding ?
When will we stop talking about #Insurance and start talking about #healthcare ?
Under your plan Bernie millions more will die!!!
You want them on the government teat. We know, Fidel. You hate people, love big dumb, inept  government. WAY to go, Fidel
Yes, am not an American, but being considerate  here, all isn't about being capitalistic...well-being shouldn't be something  debated.
Hummmmmm
Liars. Even the name of obamacare was a lie. The Affordable Care Act is only affordable if you get medicaid or huge subsidies
The system isn't failing. Stop believing what the Republicans are trying to sell to you.
You just want to force #Socialism on us. You know #Obamacare is dying and you want it to die no matter how many it hurts. #hypocrite garbage
Were not going let a phony like you bankrupt the middle class. Please move to Venezuela
Liar.  How would anyone be thrown off health insurance?  Stop making up stories that scare and incite your followers  They believe anything
Soros is not going to let it happen either.
Keep on it, Bernie!  We're all working triple time to RESIST!  Inconceivable the GOP THROWS MILLIONS UNDER THE BUS FOR CAMPAIGN MONEY!  BAD!
Because OBUMACARE isn't HORIFFIC?Bernie,you're a wolf in sheeps clothing, you just want a single payer plan with your name on it!BANKFRAUD
how exactly does it throw millions off health insurance? explain so we know
You mean like the 30 million who lost their insurance under Obama care? The bill the YOU voted for!!!
So true we need health care
Democrats concede Obamacare has flaws. Enumerate them; draft a bill to cure them; take the wind out of the proponents of worse proposals.
A little late to the game Bernie.
McCain came through. Thanks for your work on this. I'm sure your rallying the public helped tip his decision.
Go to bed Bernie
SENATOR I QUESTION THE VICE PRESIDENT LOYALTIES HE JUST TWEETED ME A DOZEN TWEETS WHEN I EXPOSED THE POPE!
I propose real time instant voting poll anonymous to be a visual to each congress member direct from the constituents. #dreams
With Democrats like Senators McCain, Flake, etc. you shouldn't have a problem.
You make your money off of the backs of the idiots who vote for you.
How exactly does a tyrant who's ONLY ever worked in public office, become a millionaire with three residences? Feel the Bern.
You helped elect them, why pretend to be against them now.
Unfortunately Bernie, because of HRC's loss which you encouraged "we," can't do much. It's up to 2 Republicans who have consciences&heart.
Bernie!
It's sad the only way to teach Trump supporters the latest plan is wrong, is to let the horrible bill pass and have it impact their family.
Your minions are all total buffoons. 
What about the millions who work and can't afford the other?!?!  Serious question??
Do you think you can afford Medicare?
