We do not have the "right" to skills and knowledge of someone else! That's socialist foolishness.
Bad medicine for all! Socialism fails everywhere it's tried.
How have they been a success?
Your standards are typical socialist... Low...
Health care is a service. You can't have a right to someone else's service. That's slavery
Where do you think they get the money to pay for it?
I did. Telling someone they have to provide you health care against their will is slavery. Telling someone that they have to go & work to...
Are you going to sell one of your three houses to help pay for it Bernie?  Get out of health care is the best thing for government to do!
We have the money cupcake to provide free healthcare for all IF congress wanted Even Bernie doesn't tell the truth to us. #MMT #GreenParty

And where does that money come from?  Higher taxes. Simple economics. Do you think Doctors and Hospitals will lower their rates? Think again
No, Think again please. 
Where do you get the US dollars to pay your Federal taxes? Where does the US dollars originate from?
My hard work. That's where. If you think the government will just print more money to cover it. That's just bad economics
Yes, your hard work allows you to earn those hard to find  that already exist in the economy.
A growing economy needs a growing supply of 
I know people in the UK and Canada, that constantly complain about the high taxes associated with their system. It is not perfect.
Correction:it is always a right.
Nothing can ever be a right if it requires the labor, property, or wealth of another individual.  To claim so means you support enslavement.
Just learn how our economics work honey. We have the money NOW. Taxes don't fund spending. We are sovereign. And as citizens we deserve it
Don't condescend sweetheart.  I'm plenty educated on how our economy works. And nobody "deserves" the labor/property of other individuals
Well darling then what do we get for our taxes. Why pay the gov?  It doesn't deserve anything as we get nothing
Exactly, dig deeper into that question.
Our current system costs more tax dollars than single payer would.
Then maybe tax dollars shouldn't be redistributed for healthcare.
What about water or food or clothing or shelter? Are they rights or a privilege? We have a republic, Bernie.
They are rights
Health care isn't a right. To be a right, you'd have to have a right to demand someone else's time, money, knowledge & energy ("slavery").
What?
Did I stutter?
Senator Sanders, as you are fighting for the right to healthcare for all, please do not forget DACA Americans. The clock is ticking.
Yes don't forget those poor little Latinos that ran from a horrible homeland only to come here & create prosperity & contribute so much
“Speak up for those who cannot speak for themselves, for the rights of all who are destitute.”
Proverbs 31:8 NIV
I don't think God would be very supportive of cold hearted killers...Do you?
Do you think that innocent should be treated the same as the guilty? What would Jesus do? Are you living His teachings? Do you even care?
By the way, I truly believe that if the Ten Commandments were law, and everyone obeyed, this would be one hell of a beautiful world!!!
Hopefully, no pun intended :) But yes, more people follows teachings of Jesus, the better
Yea well let's start off by not aborting babies oh I forgot they are fetuses & only considered human once born
#MalcolmX thinks #white #liberals are poison
Who did you vote for potus?
Not currently, but it could be. Many things that are basic rights now were not rights years ago. Voting for instance or property ownership.
Voting is a right. And we find plenty of people to count votes and work at polling stations.
We have the right to vote in America. That requires a lot of money and manpower to keep the system working. Same applies for healthcare.
Healthcare is not a right and never should be...  take personal responsibility and pay for it!
They don't want to cure cancer patients, only prolong the damned thing, I've watched friends and family..mom died from it.
He's basically telling you to take control of something you can't control like getting cancer or ALS. LoL
Didn't say that. I said pay for health insurance. Take personal responsibility and pay for health insurance. Kinda like car insurance.
Ya because over half of the country is POOR, and living pay check to pay check and can completely afford healthcare.
BTW, if they get rushed to the ER, that means YOU pay for their care if they can't afford it. Instead of going when $10 problem ER=100k prob
You confuse the mere fact that The Constitution established a national currency, issued by the fed gov, with Communism 
Thank you Senator Whitehouse!
Isnt this CONYERS' bill?
I still do not understand your use of "privileged"? If we paid into the system, then we get coverage. That's how insurance works, Bernie?
If anyone is privileged it's you with your special health care system that you guys vote for yourselves in Congress & Senate.
If you are really that concerned about our health care system, then put yourselves on our system, then it will get fixed real fast.
As a Rhode Islander, I'm very proud of @SenWhitehouse. Medicare is good plan and everyone should have access to it. Thank you @SenSanders!
I have made many comments and nobody has responded. My goodness, I love being ... (cant say they'll kill me)
You're a fraud and anyone who has half a brain knows #MalcolmX
Am I wrong? #MalcolmX
Hey #MalcolmX disagrees and hates you
FUNNY NO ONE RESPONDS TO ME @BernieSanders PROBABLY BECUZ NOW THEY HEAR MALCOLM'S WORDS #MalcolmX
How many bern supporters know anything about #MALCOLMX ?? If you did, you would know better than to respect this #fraud
Your only rights are life liberty and freedom.  Healthcare is something you purchase like a car or a house
We need the government to take over everything according to bernie
Please find the "Healthcare is a Right" anywhere? Constitution? Nope. Bill of Rights? Not there either. Bible? Nope. It is NOT a right!
If GOP really wants to end the ACA, this is the very best way to go about it.
... and another one bites the dust.
Don't want a single payer insurance. Don't want our healthcare controlled by government
There is no rights to the labor of another. Bernie wants doctors to be slaves to the government. Like welfare makes the poor slaves.
"Healthcare for all Americans", or do we just get the bill for it like in obamacare?
A right to a doctor's time is called slavery.
A right to medical supplies you don't own is stealing.
A right to health care requires both.
and if you don't get it join Antifa and burn down the US while stopping all free speech.
In other words, "WE HAVEN'T FINISHED DESTROYING THE BEST HEALTH CARE SYSTEM KNOWN TO MANKIND...." Let's make all care like the V.A. was.
We have Medicaid, CHIPs, and Medicare eating most of the federal budget. Why do we need more???? Put wifey in jail!!!!
Living an unhealthy lifestyle would then be an abuse of human rights. Will this be in your bill? #Medicareforall
So Bernie after years in government you learned nothing about the  meaning of America. I truly wish you would learn before speaking
Have a small Business in America under Obama was a punishment . But we paid our taxes suffered no vacation making sure employees could eat
We can't all work for government getting weeks vacation benefits not America Bernie. You don't get that because you never had a Business
Bernie small Business in America is taxed to death. We don't get a weeks vacations every year we have employees that need to work.
Bernie anything in American is your right if you work for it. Privilege comes from thinking you deserve something you didn't work for.
I worked hard for my family. Growing up with nothing made me work hard  no one gave me anything I made it . I'm not giving it to socialism
Bernie your wife stole $10 million from a College that went broke. You didn't know anything about it. Socialism doesn't work in America.
Just watched ur speech @ University of Iowa. u day man. U inspire me everytime I here u speak. Thanks u 4 all u do 4 ALL Americans!,
I agree but  you act like you, @SenSanders are the first to think of it..you're not, and your the reason Hillary lost and dems are divided.
Rights are given to us only by GOD not old men in Washington
You are communist, move to your workers Paradise in Venezuela or Cuba nobody wants you here bro
Healthcare is not a right.
This has no chance of passing. What a waste of the peoples time and money. Do something productive please!
Healthcare will never be a right

Watch: Former President #OsamaObama call the protection of illegal immigrants unconstitutional in 2011.
 
Sen. Sanders, don't you think it is time you gracefully withdrew from the healthcare debate so we can get real hc reform? #SinglePayer
@SenSanders  Please have the courage to face your constituents:
Universal Health Care period no private insurance.
Is this an endorsement against good health care? cuz that's what will happen.
Your comment about @HillaryClinton running against an unpopular candidate & losing...reminder u old whackadoodle, she won the popular vote.
Thank YOU, @SenSanders, for ALWAYS putting OUR interests first, and not the interests of corporations like the rest of @TheDemocrats do.
Bernie, Hillary now says you were the one colluding with Russia.
Thank you Bernie. EVERYONE HAS A RIGHT TO HEALTH COVERAGE. FIGHT HARD ON THIS WE ARE ALL COUNTING ON YOU!
https://twitter.com/hwpl_kr/status/902341942184263680 …
chance to win amazon gift cart upto $1000 
http://bit.ly/2ipfArj 
http://bit.ly/2wXbrgK 
http://bit.ly/2wWNC8H 
http://bit.ly/2fYcXMC 
Ah yes. Inventing rights that aren't in the constitution while trying to delete those that are actually written on paper: the liberal way
How will you pay for it? California and Vermont couldn't make the money work
if its so good why did dems exempt themselves from obamacare? Dems have no message  more free handouts at tax payers expense ....sad
Socialism is for the people, not the socialist.
Good luck with turning doctors into slaves.. Real 19th century of you.
The American people can see through your socialist bull crap. Time for your ass to go.#TermLimits .
It won't go through. I promise. We already have a shitty socialized health care system. We don't need another.
You're The Man!!!
Well, it would be good if you could define your understanding all of a right.
Just go away! You and all of your lies! Maybe you should be locked up too!
I hope the same holds true for proper mental health care.
Ima thinking THEY had ALL - both sides of aisle- better get on board w/ #Medicare4All .gazing @ their 'approval' ratings  vs. #Bernie 's #'s
I think these idiots think someone else is going to pay the 4 trillion price tag for Medicare for all Ask this clown Whitehouse where the $
Thank You @SenWhitehouse 
How does Bernie propose to pay the four trillion dollars a year this will cost ? I bet it's  this Tax the Rich and the middle class
Woohoo!!!! 
Thank you @SenWhitehouse !!
One more bill where WE. THE PEOPLE pay the bill and @SenSanders scores political points!
Thank you!!!
I've been on the sideline watching you & hoping you were what you say, but I think it's time to let you go. Your response to Clinton...
book has made me see that even tho you have some good ideas your really not what our country needs. Looking elsewhere.
Idoit
It's spelled "idiot", IDIOT!
What about my right to not pay for it?
Awesome!
If you are a "Right-to-life er", then you believe that healthcare is a right.
BS
Most people your age will be declined all kinds benefits under aca and later under the single payer plan.
Bernie, ask  Rump why he didn't open his Mar Shit Lago bldg ahead f 2 take in people seeking shelter since they are full nw turning ppl away
Rights are God-given and cannot be taken away.  And they certainly cannot be given by government Mr. Socialism for America.
@politico @HuffPost Millions of people are at risk from natural disasters, and you're still playing politics.
We have a right to pursue healthcare, we do not have the right to enslave others to make them provide healthcare... do u believe in freedom?
You were great on Colbert! A real Gent. Hillary will be viscous tho. 2020 Berning Desires
Can I have the right to not pay taxes? Can we make that a right than too?

By not making it affordable to anyone. BS talks a lot solves nothing. Not easy being a professional politician i'm sure.
Sympathizers Jews Indians Slaves etc etc... were always the true heroes and not the state/establishment that censored and threatened/killed
Happy Birthday @TheYoungTurks @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein @RepThompson @maddow @Lawrence @SenSchumer @SenWarren @benjaminwittes @billmaher
All should get Medical Care, Not just WELFARE, and ILLEGALS . Working People need it ALSO. 
 Watch the #Convergence2017 People's Town Hall! 8ET/5PT: http://YouTube.com/draftbernie 
Healthcare is NOT a right. No one is ENTITLED to another person's services. Rub some brain cells together and figure truth out.
Soon we'll have such a critical mass of the .@DNC that they can't claim "just kidding" any more and they'll have to join us in the fight
Nulis
Free health care is not a right. You're a communist! You fucked up healh care!  We know your tired old game.

Apparently you're asleep because the health care right now is for 42 trillion dollars and medicare-for-all is 34 trillion. Can you do math?
Bernie!!! I love you and thank you from the bottom of my heart for your SELFLESS, TIRELESS work on behalf of the American people!!!
Democratic societies are FREE to choose ANY idea for  the better of that society. Single Payer H/Care is an idea, & NO ideology owns it.
bernie is thanking every senator that worked against him in 2016
Thank You Bernie Sanders
Thnx for still standing up for us Bernie
Lazy bums?
about time
Do we all have the right to embezzle millions like your wife & daughter did with that bogus bankrupt college?  #selloutSanders
Another senator I can lose respect for! Healthcare is a privilege not a right, not the government's,rich or tax payers place to pay for it!!
You are a toxic poison to our constitution go away Bernie Sanders go away

You have no right to force me to pay for others insurance. You have the right to buy it yourself.
Add my thanks for joining my Vermont Senator and others, @SenWhitehouse!
Apparently none of you understand the Constitution, personal responsibility, economics, taxes or fiscal responsibility.
Yeah go ahead spend more money on people who don't deserve it.
@SenWhitehouse @SenSanders As a Rhode Islander I am shocked to see @SenWhitehouse doing something good for the people He normally is for him
Gotta agree with Burnie here. #healthcare should be a privilege for the RIGHT! Thanks for agreeing Burnie. #somuchwinning #FakeNews
You must be real smart!
Going NOWHERE
Work for it!
Thank You Bernie
I'm from Russia and while I do not like alot of things they do. Health care for everyone is one of the things they get right.
Not really a surprise. It's easy. Everyone gets it, except the uniquely corrupt and stupid.
Ok Burnster, since you don't understand our govt I'll explain it. A constitutional amendment requires 2/3 senate, 2/3 house, 3/4 states.
Thank you Bernie, and all my fellow Bernie Bros. Keep the pressure on all of your reps.
Still waiting for food to be a right too as I want to walk into a nice restaurant and have them make me steak & lobster without being paid.
Tax reform will create jobs and help provide more insurance. We already have enough free stuff.
Finally someone with some sense. Except "free" isn't free for the poor suckers who pay taxes!
AMEN 

That's what they said the first time...
That's what they said the first time...
I like Sheldon!  Was great during the confirmation hearings, he seems to have a very formidable intellect.  The dems should use him more!
Hay Bernie single payer went broke in, Where was that ,o yes Vermont. You now want the same for all of America. Socialism is cruel
Could you stop trying to spend my money please
Just like hurricane Irma here in Florida, we hope it doesn't come. This will be catastrophic just like the storm Mr. BS
Fail! Fail!
If the Bill is out there ready for Co-Sponsor signatures why the eff are they, Whitehouse & Harris, saying "Intend To" and not "I HAVE"??!!
they don't really want to
We still comin' for Sheldon's seat next year. Ignored his constituents & gave his superdelgate vote to Hillary. Smeared Bernie too on MSNBC.
We got receipts.

@IDIOTdella
You voted trump in
Trump isn't signing this crap, we don't want government in our lifes, what don't you get.
It should not be a right; I don't want to pay for some drug dealer's medical needs.....
health care is a right for those who work and pay for it, I'm tired of the govt leeches getting better ins. than me when I pay $1800 month..
His name is literally Senator Whitehouse!? Born to be in politics. His first words was the pledge of allegiance
Failing to pay your debts isn't a right either #berniebankfraud
This is monumental!! Thank you 
Their name is Whitehouse?
Asking you again Bernie What about the 20% medicare doesn't pay?? You are letting your  followers think Medicare is free and pays everything
They are talking making it Universal. Can't look at the failing sys. We have now. Of course changes are needed. That is part of it.
That doesn't answer my question to Bernie.  Countries who have universal health care take a large part of citizen's income  It's not free
Come on nothing is free. But it is cheaper. Per person. Just do the math. You will figure it out
That's right Bernie! The stupid Conservatives will never understand that!
Fantastic, Senator Whitehouse @SenWhitehouse for joining Senator Sanders in caring about the health and welfare of all Americans.

EDICT of "making health care a right" DOES NOT create wealth ensuring it UNLESS it’s been EXPROPRIATED. Ready? If not, next EDICT please!
The gov't can't run the gov't. Why does anyone think the gov't can run healthcare?  The VA is a shining example of gov't failure.
Not a right
Nice racist you support Bernie.  The same whitehouse who belongs to "whites only" private beach club.  Your hypocrisy is disgusting.
4 days in the hospital with pancreatitis, no insurance. Even with the discount, it still cost more than my car.
Holy bat shit! And OUCH.
whatever rights the government determines & creates, the government taketh away. Healthcare is not an inherent right.
I see that you still haven't figured out that socialism is a failed system. Medicare is a great example of that failed system.
Libs: cash your paycheck(if u work), hand $20 to everyone you see. What's yours is mine. That's Collectivism. You guys seem to want that.
If you truly care about this country or anyone in it, why'd it take a possible paycheck to get you to vote? You was in your 40's, I was 20.
GREAT !
You think the same senators who tried to take away Medicare for our senior and disabled people are going to vote yes to having it for all?
As a RI resident, thank you Senator Whitehouse for supporting this bill. Hoping @SenJackReed joins as well.
Im just pissed and want to point out ignorant supporters of politicians. I am neither red or blue. Youtube #MALCOLMX son
We're with you, Bernie. Today, tomorrow, in 2020, and always
Why do you sign contacts for the American people without reading them? Because they don't affect you?
You've already made it a right for yourselves-I guess you come first.
That's s right I've been denied-can't afford $647 a month so I had to drop it.
Healcare is not an entitlement
And that's where it will die!
Some one please explain single payer to me in the simplest terms possible and how it's a good thing or better then what we currently have
Absolutely stupid idea bank fraud bernie!! Health insurance should only and always be a privilege! Never a right!



Comments by socialists don't endow any rights on anyone, that's not how the constitution works.
Thank you to both of you.

