Quite possibly the two most ignorant people in the world joining forces to speak at the same event. #fraud
Carter, Bush, Clinton, GW Bush, Obama...Dem and Repub alike, are in agreement on fixing the #ClimateReality issue 
All of those administrations were full of hacks
Air pollution retains heat-OR-Every past/current administration of every government on the planet are "hacks"? Which is more likely? 
Addressing #climatechange saves $19T globally. Inaction= $44T lost to damage costs. All nations already did the math
From your profile you seem like a true believer. Bet you are one of those Subaru driving dopes that thought the Paris scam actually helped.
Saves me lots of money and pays for itself :D The rest of the world crunched the numbers too. Wind/Solar are cheaper than climate impacts.
In straight jackets?
Our air pollution ate a hole through the ozone layer. Ronald Reagan managed the crisis with a global Montreal Protocol. Now it's mending ;)
ozone was real
Yep...NASA informed us on ozone hole, monitored it, and told us how much air pollution to cut. They warn us again:
gov scientists also once said blacks were inferior to justify slavery. They'll say anything they're told to say
Question is...who are a listening to? Heartland bloggers who told you smoking was healthy? Or @NASAClimate who solved acid rain/ozone hole?
When one scientist falsifies information the entire theory is debunked. That's all it is BTW a theory. Plenty of guys making shit up too
When one Heartland "scientist" gives false info on smoking...does it mean #BigTobacco is suddenly safe to smoke? No. Sorry. #ClimateReality
A little fucking late are we? Would have liked to know about this when it happened. Fucking Dems, late as always.
Something is wrong with my Twitter account. Apparently I UNfolowed over 1000 people (I did no such thing)  & now I'm getting delayed tweets
Ohhh...I'll check and re-follow if necessary.
Thanks.
That would be awesome if they did, because it would mean we actually cut our air pollution quickly! :D
We didn't "off" ourselves during the ozone layer crisis, nor did we stop using hairspray and refrigerators #Renewables #EnergyEfficiency :)
Woow
Splitting hairs on 10-30yrs, while all around us the ice melts. This should take millions of yrs, not decades.
Scare tactics again! Still waiting!
What's scary about upgrading America's infrastructure to be cleaner, more efficient, and free fuel driven? Made in America solutions!
OMG... this is too funny.  you should market this as a comedy tour
Seems the entire planet (minus the Tea Party) finds the issue quite pertinent ;)
1300 years.. wow.  what about the climatic cycles in the past 300,000... hell million years?  nice try
Estimated utility bill per year for Al Gore's mansion = $30,000
#hypocrite #Conman #ScamArtist
The Dynamic Duo...Treehugger and the commie.
Bless their hearts, the grumpy old guys had a chat in line.  That's nice. Meanwhile, the industrious doers of America were at what work.
Addressing #climatechange saves everyone money ($19T globally)!
Inaction= $44T lost to damage costs http://cnb.cx/1JeVqRx   #netsavings
two fools getting together appropriate
What a great team. You guys would make a wonderful 2020 ticket! Lol
Can't wait to miss this one
How engaging... two delusional old men! My dad used to say 'Do as I say, not as I do'. Reminds me of what u both do! Take ur own medicine!
Addressing #climatechange saves everyone money ($19T globally)!
Inaction= $44T lost to damage costs http://cnb.cx/1JeVqRx   #netsavings
Will this be available on the podcast? Very slow internet connection for video and Facebook not available in this country...
Maybe he will show you how to cash in on carbon points
Damn. Sorry I missed it...NOT!
What a joke!!
Dumb and Dumber, Al and Bernie???
I suspect I know how McCain got his brain cancer... He was exposed to the stupidity of these two.
Going to get tips on how to deceive large groups of people?
Why
great 2 bullshit artists yapping it up spreading more bullshit to the fellow sheep
When you going to create that 3rd party @senssanders?
Doing it in a election cycle is so irresponsible and selfish! Nadar! Sanders!
Al who?
So glad I don't use Facebook.
ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzz........
Now that will be two useless peas in a pod.
As much I enjoy watching two men jerk each off I'm going to skip this one
Ask him why he didn't support you during the primaries #jimmydore #TYT #humanistreport
It isn't fair that it isn't raining equally across the country. We need government mandated weather justice.
Our air pollution ate a hole through the ozone layer. Ronald Reagan mandated regulation with a global Montreal Protocol. Now it's mending ;)
Two losers
Two wackos so concerned with climate change but refuse to change their living habits, they put it on others. HYPOCRITES
Two socialists who want as big a gov't as they can get so they can control everything! America must stand up and fight back! VOTE!VOTE!VOTE!
What happens when you get a Fake weatherman and an old socialist together? And go......
I dunno, but every nation on the planet, every space program, every major party (minus Tea), USA CEOs, & US Military =#ClimateReality 
watch both of you? im busy watching pelosi and warren make a fool of themselves.
Always fun to watch the persuader jazz hands "survival" and "crisis" for an hour.
Two frauds saying fu world
Why don't u get ur a** off twitter and really do something. Instead of tooting ur own horn all the time.
but I thought you hated "the establishment"
Watched this and these two smart men are forward thinking ppl @TheDemocrats to look to for leadership.
Nothing there just the poster.
Both fake too busy ripping people to fill pockets gold coins . Both untrustworthy one rips off the old people and other snowflakes 
Have a 401K, retirement funds, or credit card? WELCOME to the low-carbon global economic wealth in progress, you're already a participant :)
Carter, Bush, Clinton, GW Bush, Obama...Dem and Repub alike, are all on board for fixing that #ClimateReality they are discussing ;) 
Title of talk, " How to Prevent Greenhouse Gases from your Nursing Home Bed" - should be fascinating.
Live from Peking?
oh no I feel horrible that I missed this!! I am sure it was as enlightening as every other time either speaks! ROFL
How do you explain every single other politician, party, and county on the planet being in agreement with them on the science? :)
Hey Bernie, cheers another globalist to make America SICK
Every nation on the planet, every space program, every major political party (minus Tea), USA CEOs, DoD/Military, 22 states= #ClimateReality
Isn't that kinda what they are doing...trying to win an uphill battle in turning from dirty old energy to clean new efficient energy, fast?
Dumb and Dumber

Its been done.
Gore is the past. Russians promoting Gore cause Gore is a distraction. Bernie has proven he is a clear winner.
Two idiots talking isn't very interesting to listen to.
WE NEED JOE BIDEN TO TAKE OVA DEMS AN DEAL WITH THESE TRUMP VOTERS AN TELL THEM THE TRUTH
BS check out this voter suppression duh!

I know I sound stupid but does anyone have the link for the live show?
NVM it just popped up I thought it started already
Ask him about this
Two scientific illiterates telling us the "science is settled". If you take these two seriously you are a fool.
Remember when he stated the world would be over by 2016....
He's Money Bernie. He loves the money. Money Bernie.
Should be quite a talk. Looking forward to it from across the ocean
You're late.  Where is it?
Al Gore is made a pretty good living at making stupid people scared to death 

congratulations
Ask him why he bought property near an ocean when inevitably it will be flooded according to Al Gore
To be fair to old man Bernie, his @BadLipReading is the best... 
Wow must be a buy one fraud get the other half off
Really would liked to have seen this but there's no live broadcast at the link ...
Thank you Bernie & Al for your many years in public service & all you do for our great country! 

Every nation on the planet, every space program, every major political party (minus Tea), USA CEOs, DoD/Military, 22 states= #ClimateReality
No thanks! How about spending more MAGA and less pandering and fear mongering.
I'd rather listen to paint dry
Time to #FeelTheBern
Let's play a game on guess how many viewers they get. I'll say less than 5,000.
Sorry, pressing prior commitment prevents me from watching. Need to watch paint dry instead
Nice picture. Looks like you can't find your way back to the 'home'.
Don't waist ur time, no one cares Mr. PhonyProgressivosky
HEADLINE: Both polar caps will melt and the entire world will be flooded in 2018.
Time for new leaders willing to lead in the direction majority want Dems to go. Stale politics of old are paving way for evils of GOP/trump.
Goo Sanders !! je suis insoumise @JLMelenchon nous sommes avec vous
This interview should be incredible. Sanders and Gore have a lot in common, both were cheated out of being president. I will be watching.
Stop campaigning Bern and get to work. You have to be the biggest, loudest, do nothing Senator in history.
The only joke is people who believe he has accomplished anything in the last 5 years. All he does is spew rhetoric, does no real work.
@SalemState
@KenBurns to Evangelical Voters: 'What Part of Donald Trump Reminds You of Jesus Christ?'https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
And there goes the last of your credibility

A MAGAts version.
Mr Sanders is it true that you voted against some type of investigation on Trump recently?
Oh good, in your conversation could you ask him about his mansion and carbon credits ??
DOA
Ohh, wouldn't wanna miss that. Two Shylocks that want to rob the American people.
Al Gore !
Dumb and Dumber III
Old white privileged men ,the face of the Democrats party....Rosie? Any thoughts?
Carter, Bush, Clinton, GW Bush, Obama...Dem and Repub alike, are on board for fixing the #ClimateReality 
Why don't you do something constructive like maybe come up with a health care bill, you know, do your job
Or maybe you should learn to read. He has a health care bill its called Single payer universal health care for all.
Not an option.
It must be the end of the world AGAIN!
Omgosh I would rather listen to an hour of a porcupine rolling around on a chalkboard.
Now I'm curious
Can't imagine anything more painful.


What did you want him to do?
Help expose the corruption of the Clinton crime family and the DNC. They had 'leverage' on him though.  http://www.inquisitr.com/3680558/new-wikileaks-emails-suggest-bernie-sanders-was-leveraged-into-endorsing-clinton/ …


I have grass that I need to watch grow.  Maybe next time.
Hopefully not watching it dry up in summer, then washed down the road in an 'unprecedented' rainfall event like here. 6" at once?

Al Gore is a Vice President who believes in science and compassion, not bibles and bigotry. Mike Pence is a disgrace.
A #biaslair @algore and violent hate speech spewing bank fraud @BernieSanders talking. Here come the riots...

Two losers hanging out together.
Going by your picture... You're no winner either. After all your a Trump voter. The biggest loosers of them all.
Since you don't have a picture can imagine the PIG you must be.

Watchdog group doubts the #GA06 results; voting machines weren't secured & results unverifiable by design. 



LIBERAL HEALTHCARE!!!
What would Senator McCain chance be if he had Obamacare

Yeah to the vice president who wanted a world government
Even Ronald Reagan used a global Montreal Agreement to fix the ozone layer hole when our pollution was eating a hole in it, now mending.

