Video does not play.
It played for me. What platform are you using?
aww thanks, I got it to work finally.
what was ur overall impression of it?
stopped watching when he defended WaPo & NYT as legitimate news. WAPO wrote endless hit pieces on Him during primary
Don't blame him too much, Bernie still lives in a bubble. He's not perfect, but he's the template we need.
agreed , yes I agree. He's playing the long game imo.
If you'll listen past the point where he talks, briefly, about fake news, you'll see he goes back to being Bernie.
We're on board!
Classy
Of course you do 
Random though, How is that FBI investigation for fraud going? Also authoritarianism is the end result of socialism that you wanted.
You're the definition of authoritarianism!
You just dislike it when you're not the authoritarian in charge.
Do u think it's right tht 1 in 5 profitable major corporations pay ZERO n federal taxes & often get $ (OUR tax dollars) BACK from the govt?!
Why is corporate welfare possible? Because most of our politicians r bought & paid for by big money, corporate lobbyists. BOTH parties!
"Those who don't learn from history are bound to repeat it"! Striking similarities to the rise of the "Third Reich". A terrifying thought!
Or Socialism which Bernie thinks is great .... never seen a socialistic country that was run well or successful.. but thanks Bernie ... move
We must fight back, not with weapons but with our brains and intelligence
And this was sent to Bernie Sanders... hilarious... better hunt a better brain
You've been a Socialist far too long!  Liberals are the tyrannical authoritarians!  Trump is for liberty and freedom!
And control of healthcare by government etlitists is not authoritarian?
But ... you're a socialist.  Why would you want to preserve democracy?
socialism is an economy... just like capitalISM and communISM. Democracy is a government, just like autocracy. He is a democratic socialist.
Therefore we must destroy the DNC.
U know what will happen tomorrow morning? @realDonaldTrump WILL still be my president and I will jump up and down and kiss the floor. MAGA!
We citizens demand that our Constitutional Republic continue; a classless citizenry and opportunity through relevant public education.
Are we fighting authoritarianism before or after you and your wife are investigated for bank fraud?
If ppl want to learn how to bankrupt a college or how to get three homes on a senator's salary, we'll ask you and your wife..
Crazy Bernie Sanders doesn't understand that socialism is authoritarian by nature.  P.S. Bank Fraud #LockHimUp
You caused this.
Authoritarianism? That's your whole political belief!!! #DeleteYourAccount #LiberalStupidity
How do you categorize what Obama did - spying on private citizens - using the IRS for political purposes, etc.?  Authoritarian?
YOU and your communist beliefs are the danger, Bernie. Trump is merely inexperienced.
You kept quiet as Obama wiped his rear end with the constitution. "I have a pen and a phone".
Like bank fraud!
We must be heard,felt & effective for this to happen! Keep working at preserving #Democracy! It is the only right/fair way to run a country!

Wait....arent you a socialist?
Bernie, what are you willing to do?
because forcibly taking 80% of our income is a shining example of "democracy"
How do you propose to enforce all of the laws and legislation you wan to impose on people without you being an authoritarian? #BernieCEIP
not democracy you want it is socialism it is Soro's 3rd world plan for the USA that you fight for, many see though you others are learning
Every society contains within itself the forces that create its own future.. @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @realDonaldTrump
Just like he wanted to do everything to take down big banks, all whilst using his position to get $10 mil loan for wife fraudulently.
Nailed it!
and chronic widespread phonyisms. Mr & Mrs Sanders
Maybe you should commit more bank fraud..that will help...
By embracing YOUR brand of authoritarianism?  There's a reason so many of your voters jumped on TrumpTrain.  Your policies are similar.
Please go away Bernie!
God Bless u sir. Keep fighting.

How about you read the constitution for once? Seeing you like to discriminate against a Christian running for office. You are a joke!
You say democracy like you have a clue what that is super rich career pol. With 3,houses lying cheating stealing and your family is the same
Says the socialist/commie now facing #BankFraudBernie charges.
Read Ur history Bernie, Socialists have enslaved and murdered millions. It NEVER works.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzBg8RZ8xuc … KNOW YOUR ENEMY
To preserve the corruption? To continue to promote the myth that congress is a body of lawmakers with integrity? To continue screwing US?!
If you really believe this, then why are you NOT holding the DNC accountable every chance you get? The corruption continues....#BernieCEIP
Does it bother anyone else that Bernie's lived off taxpayer assistance all his life?
We are not a democracy.  The Framers loathed democracy. We are a republic. Sad to know u swore to uphold a document you've never read.
Yes, so that another #Democrat becomes filthy rich pimping out his office. http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/06/22/bernie-sanders-jane-sanders-lawyer-bank-fraud-investigation-burlington-college-215297 …
We have already done what we need to to preserve democracy; we didn't elect a Democrat or a communist.
Wait Berine, your a socialist and you're worried about moving toward authoritarianism?
would that include actually joining the green party and leaving the corrupt dems?Whose agenda most aligns with yours?Time is limited HELP
I'm ardent supporter of you, but I'm beginning to think our 'democracy' is sham. You lost to a cheater. She lost to an idiot.
We can preserve democracy by not having someone like you undermining Dems when we need to unite and get Trump's regime out!
We are a Democratic Republic, not a Democracy.  It's important to know the difference.  I'm appalled that you do not.
You are a very disturbed and hateful person. Again showing you have zero idea of how a "leader" should conduct himself. Shame on you
You're funny.
No, We Must Get Facists Like YOU Out!
Okay St. Bernie, hows that issue of fraud working for you today? How do you feel about your supporters hurting Americans?? Your disgusting.
Same ole message "Resist"! Yall have got to be some slowwww learners....Resist is NOT working, maybe try a real message Bern! #Maga
Can we wait till after you and your wife go to jail for laundering?
Ironically, u could have started opposition during Mr. Obama's terms (or earlier). Hint: doesn't involve giving gov more power. #BernieCEip
No message as usual other than we must do everything we can to oppose Trump! The Resistance doesn't win elections! Dems still clueless!
Bernie, please, please, please join the Democratic Party and please stop bashing it.  It is really hurtful and damaging.
hostility like that is how you get people shot. try to act like a civilized human being.
Bernie, please learn that this is a "representative Republic" and NOT the "mob rule" democracy you are trying to make it. #forsmartdemocrats
Do you think socialism is not the same? Government control again?
The very core of socialism is authoritarianism, because it takes force to steal from one citizen to give to another.
Says the guy advocating for the most oppressive, authoritarian form of government...
If you want to preserve our Democracy.....then accept the election results.
How about you practise what you preach, you dangerous loonatic
Time for Action not political rhetoric and vitriol.
Take a deep breath Bernie.
Were not a democracy we are a Constitutional Republic.
what abt you Bernie, where you headed? We R not coming back to the corruption. You can try your damnedest, but NOT GOING 2 WORK!
Mr. Sanders, I don't understand why everybody had blinders on and seem to not be able to stop what's going on. He's a dictator.
So true! Democrats and Independents must work as one or we will find ourselves living in Russia Minor.
Seriously? Have you gone totally mad? Why do you sow resistance and opposition? Get on the train dude - your policies lost.
Trump rules and always will. You will never stop him God send him to fight the Evil and thats the democrats!!
Resist president Trump? And let America become the next victim of socialism? NO THANK YOU!
Socialist never understand !! Bernie is no different .
It seems the only issue politicians vote in favor of their voters' wishes is abortion, never economics. Is there democracy left to preserve?

Authoritarian in that the American people elected him and are providing him authority to represent them.
America didn't vote for you or Hillary, we voted for Trump. Time for you to get out of the way and help make America great!
Do everything includes voting GOP out even if it means voting for moderate Dems? I don't think some of ur supporters will do that
That's a problem. The Party should take note.
That's a problem progressives shld consider We can't allow extremists from the right to take over while waiting for that perfect candidate
That's a problem the party should consider more. Progressives already know no candidate is perfect. They also know centrism will fail.
How are progressives gonna win w/ gerrymandering & voter suppression? Gerrymandering cld have possibly ended w/ upcoming SCOTUS case.
But since progressives couldn't bring themselves to vote Clinton, we got Gorsuch instead of Garland.
Now the chances to end partisan gerrymandering are slim to none. Dems & progressives can't win when these hurdles are in the way
"Can't win"...why even fight? 
If it's all doomed to failure, why not fight for something?
i love trump
You run against him Bernie. ..the only way!
Drift towards authoritarianism? Are you this crazy or just pandering to your rabid base? This is irresponsible language. #comminist
We the people stand against you and your bs..the days of commie liberals is over
Just because 51% votes to take away the other 49% rights doesn't make it any less authoritarian. The individual is the smallest minority.
We have to decide which will cause greater harm in office, Trump or Pense. Either way, we'll be under the GOP thumb for 3 1/2 more years.
You break up with the corrupt @TheDemocrats and we will see. I haven been able to get down with much of your recent advice.
Cutting regulations and taxes is not 'authoritarianism'. It's just the opposite.
You mean "continued drift"
Yes you should! Stay on that sinking ship! One day you'll see our President is working for the American people and not you!
You are nuts O
We have a constitutional republic. Not a democracy. Democracy is only at the state level.
Sounds like another call to arms to your mind numbed supporters, bernie.
You are an avowed socialist. What are you talking about?
Your supposed democracy is the problem.  You cannot call it democracy. It's your way or not st all.
doing everything you can is not aligning with democrats, wasting time with a party that represents corporate throwbacks. jump ship already.
Our democracy is a republic...so get that right first
You have really gone over the edge, 
Sen Sanders!
lol. Take a nap grandpa
You're the socialist neophyte n you're complaining about authoritarianism?I conclude that you're still a crazy windbag of sphincter gas.
#VoteBernieOut
we must get anti christian fascists like you out of congress
#SocialismKills
Bernie. We are a Constitutional Republic not a Democracy.  You don't even know what kind of government we have. Clueless.
How is your $150K Audi R8 sports car that Hillary bought you as part of a payoff to keep your mouth shut about the rigged election by DNC
It's not just him. Take a good look at the party of hate behind him.
How quickly you forget that your follower tried to kill 4 innocent people #Alexandria. You're a dangerous #hypocrite Bernie! #ShutUp!
If you want to preserve democracy accept the election results.
Words like these are dangerous Bernie. You should tone it down a bit. #Scalise
Bernie, can you break that comment down for us.  It's ridiculous.
u calling on your murdering followers again
no been trump best thing for America Obama destroyed America
'Drift' isn't the right word
I like the way other countries in history did it.
Too little too late. G'night Bernie.
Ask Hillary clinton about that Bernie
Do what it takes to slow the process to a grinding halt. Make them own their own horrid policy over the recess.
Better than communism....where you and Hillary want to lead us.
BERNIE SOLD OUT HIS FOLLOWERS......
MARXISTS....
Stop the Marcists
Interesting,  coming from a Socialist.
Trump wouldn't allow his supporters thru the front door of his resorts. Yet they believe he cares about them. History has been here before
u r a communist.
Another person who is clueless about our form of goverment.  This is what happens when Civics is no longer taught in our schools....

wish you had been our president.
Start by endorsing @Tim_Canova like you did last year. Debbie needs to go, for good.
Sounds like you're trying to incite more of your supporters to attempt more assassinations. You're dangerous
should u shoot people Bernie?Just say the word oh great one. Hey which one of your multiple houses did you tweet from?
You mean preserve the corrupt ways of democrats.  You sold out at the end of your race loser. Trump is the best President America ever had.
He does love his dictators
Lie. Propoganda.
Amen.
The media reporting you aren't supporting @Tim_Canova this time. Senator?
Spent 13 months in Vietnam. The oath I took has not expired. What I don't understand is why autocrat Trump's fans call themselves patriots.
Your a hundred percent correct
Wouldn't an authoritarian want government running everything? You know, like socialism.


yeah, but what about your wife??
You have a lot in common with the National-Socialist German Workers' Party. Have you considered joining forces?
This drift started before Trump became President.
Let's go around the republicans and do it ourselves....like a go fund me or something?
Why don't we set up a separate universal healthcare system for those that actually want to be apart of it and want to help those in it....
How about tell your zombies to vote D? You caused this. Your ego.
Resist! Resist! Resist! God you finally, finally have a cause you THINK you just in. Your not. Let the man do his job. Stop obstructing.
