No DACA repeal, accept refugees, PP, and now this? Who's gonna pay? Which programs will be cut to make up the deficit? This is socialism!
the $18 billion warship that fires million dollar missiles against an enemy that doesn't exist.
You're prepared to compromise national defense? You wouldn't need healthcare without it, so I guess that solves that issue.
we have a stronger military than the next 16 nations combined and alliances in every part of the world.

We can do without a useless warship
Hmmm okay, well that should cover a few years of free healthcare. After that we can stop building roads, perhaps close some public schools?
how about the trillion dollar warplane project that hasn't produced a single flightworthy jet?
Really? You mean the F35? We actually have those.
we have 3 after a decade and 1.5 trillion dollars. Also declared ineffective as a fighter by the Pentagon.

We continue it due to contracts.
Love ya Senator. We're looking at the future of Democratic leadership.
you mean marxist leadership,democrat marxists that they are
Sorry for all the replies. I know I'm annoying lol. But these are complex issues, and oversimplifying healthcare would be a disservice to U
and colleges have gotten so expensive that's bcause the gov runs both,politicians enriching themselves
As to why healthcare is so expensive here, check the average cost of medicare and medicaid per person vs private. Public is cheaper...
then why in vt and ca were they unable to institute single payer both very different states
CA didn't do it because a single state legislature blocked it. Its not that they "couldnt do it", it's that the deciding vote didn't want to
then why not a referendum. In vt it got voted down.
what else is a basic human right food,shelter,sex that is called socialism and it sucks because its run by hax like u
Stand with a Democrat. Not this dead-ended.

Yes, one of them is a Democrat.
And I'd much rather the Dems push for more progressive healthcare policy so that eventually Sanders isn't the only one associated with it
and diminished your chances of ever being President...
How is the government going to pay for it, morons?
Exactly!
Why didn't you stand with him during his campaign?

Thank you
Fighting for basic rights my ass
Good job
Government healthcare is a disaster. 

"That wasn't REAL government healthcare!"
it's not a human right. Get it out of your head. You cannot demand the services of another. That's slavery.
WARREN: NO BORDERS, NO FLAG,NO FOUNDING FATHERS, NO CONSTITUTION, NO PATRIOTISM, NO HISTORY & WHAT DO YOU HAVE? NO NATION UNDER GOD.
I don't want to pay for your tampons
Just keep telling all your sheep what they want to hear, I'm hoping they wake up 2 the fact that none of u care about anything but power
Thank you standing for #MedicareForAll today, Senator!
you look stark raving mad with your head shaking around you need to re think your strategy honey
You Are A Senior try it out!!! What is great for us should be great for YOU!!!!!
Health care is not a right because it requires services from other people. You can't force anyone to work...that's slavery.
By this flimsy logic you are "slave" 2 Society & all of its teachers & police & firefighters & soldiers that protect you while you sleep
Its governments job to protect it's citizens (police/fire) and everyone benefits equally. Not my responsibility if you got type 2 diabetes
Making healthier Life Choices is not always possible for the vulnerable, listen to what you're saying... it's like
No I understand your point. Some people have medical issues through no fault of their own. It is sad and I empathize.
Paraphrasing Linus Pauling: do unto others 25% better than you would have done unto you, to correct for subjective error.
It's like you think I'm a bad person. I've gone on mission trips, volunteered, donated money, fed the poor. Govt just shoudnt force me to...
no I think all your solutions have been tried and/or are naive.  You can't pray/charity people out of poverty. Solutions require policy.
You are simply a hack.
Line-up of the publically paid 'enemies from within'. 
#DomesticBergdahl s
EW you haven't contributed to the economy in your life; why would we expect you to understand the inability to afford this proposed debacle
How can you be against health care for all as a conservative? Are you all rich? Can you all pay out of pocket?
By "basic" health care I hope u mean ALL necessary, unelected health care, @SenWarren
Have a colonoscopy done but, be sure to tell the doctor if I have polyps be sure to leave them because I don't have the extra cash!!!!!
2 of the creepiest people on the planet.
We claim to be the best, but rest of thinking, caring countries insure all citizens without the GREED our ins Co display at r expense
HAHA
Why screw with Medicare???? What about us seniors paying for this out of our "BIG" S.S. checks???? What will you do for US????
The #DemocraticSocialists are on the move! #WakeUp #RiseUp & #BringBackLiberty!!! #VoteLibertarian #WildstarForGovernor2018 #Wildstar2018
When you hand your government to Republicans and their donors, you get the irresponsible government you asked for. http://tinyurl.com/y8ax2o8r 
Please give credit to @RepJohnConyers !
Nothing of this happens without Conyers. The companion bill to the Senate Medicare for All bill is Conyers' HR 676.
Sanders & Conyers worked together in Congress & visited Canada together in 1992 (b4 Clinton) to see their system. Bernie would share credit.
As a Democrat I've long supported Single Payer Insurance w First Lady @HillaryClinton 's introduction to country
HRC didn't intro it.  Sanders & Conyers went to Canada in 92 & came back to talk about single payer.  Bernie talked about it in '88 as Mayor
There are at least two videos of Bernie Sanders talking about single payer health care before Clinton even became president.
If you had stood with Bernie 1.5 years ago, he would've been president legislating for #SinglePayer now.
Are you going to pretend like you a medicare for all bill now Pocahontas?
Nowhere in the constitution does it say that health care is a right. Sorry.
YES IT IS
Hospitals should be nationalized and owned by citizens along with banks and universities. .  Not private and subsidized by government!
Where were you @SenBennetCO ?
He became a corporatized deputy. He could lose his job if he upset his benefactors.
Someone's else's labor is not a basic human right. Figure it out.
Wtf does anyones labour have to do with it? Do you understand how insurance works? Its an insurance policy ffs.
But they are saying healthcare is a basic human right and I'm calling bullshit
Forget your ideological argument for a second and just use common sense. Its cheaper for better service. Where is the BS in that?
Not cheaper when you get taxed to death.
In AU we pay a paltry 2% of income for Universal Healthcare. Two percent doesnt really fit into your "taxed to death" narrative, does it?
What's your sales tax?
What's your population?
Warren Sanders 2020, Too Sane for America.
or "Two Sane for America"  ;-)
or, "Two for a Sane America"
Where is the money coming from? I'm tired of losing 40% of my money as a small business owner to pay for everyone's free stuff
Awesome! Let's also focus on a sustainable food production and distribution to make food a human right as well.
This would dramatically change the medical cost curve and unify costs. @SRuhle all good things true conservatives support (bipartisan)
Free healthcare (paid by others), please show me where that is in the constitution or Bill of Rights, and to be provided by gov't?
Yes "basic" is about all it is?!!
Thanks, Sen. Warren!
WARREN: REVEALING HER TRUE SELF: RAGE : HATE : RADICALIST : GLOBALIST: UNAMERICAN: AGAINST AMERICAN NATIONALISM.
Love what your doing but why not wait until after September 30, deadline to do this so #RepubliklanParty has no basis to fight back on this?
Then why not a voucher program because Medicare sucks, and get you and Sanders out of the business of govt. healthcare with all its fraud?
Medicare: The Trojan horse.
Please do something about the insane healthcare prices. Who pays for it is kind of secondary.
Finally after they basically dragged you up there to do so. Weren't behind it when camping for hrc.
False. Health care is not a right. Health care is a good. Why is this so difficult for people to comprehend?
Health care is not a basic human right just because you say it is.  It is something you work for to pay for, like anything else.
Tell that to a child with cancer or a genetic disease.
Creating many poor people through government giveaways, some of them sick, is not a good reason to invite socialism to destroy America.
I sincerely believe that socialized medicine =\= socialism.
I don't understand what that symbol means, but if it means 'doesn't equal' you do see the word socialized in there, right?
Yes it means doesn't equal. And yes I can read. There are degrees of socialization.
Socialism is a slippery slope.  Each step closer makes it more inevevitable.  Socialism has always ended in tyranny against the people.
