I love this man.
It's funny that for someone who believes everything that they don't agree w/ is #FakeNews, is willing to believe what they want to. Smfh
It's best not to respond to them. I do my fair share of ignoring morons on here.
Mr @ProudConse claims to hate socialism. He should put his money where his mouth is and forgo all socialist programs. #hypocrite
Quit trying to force your socialism on us.
..shouted the man as he drove down a paved road, past public parks and schools , to pick up his social security check
all of which he was forced to pay for against his will
Then do what conservatives & Trump supporters shout at the educated & compassionate: leave.
If we lose freedom here, there is no place to escape to. This is the last stand on Earth.
Lose what freedom? To not be taxed? That has never existed in America.
The income tax began in 1913. Before that we had roads, a court system, a military...
An economy's growth would be minimal without public goods/services that deal with negative externalities.
Is it SO hard to take a look how all other modern nations do it? Hello!!
No other "modern nation" has our population. Ask Spain and Greece how socialized medicine works. You get what you pay for.
Right, let's just skip right over the DOZENS of other countries where it works.
They aren't as big as we are. You can't compare the US to other countries.
They are also not as wealthy as we are
Who's not as wealthy as we are?
Really? Then why are we in debt to China? If you mean personal wealth, you must be referring to yourself. I'm by no means wealthy.
So we're a poor third world country? Cuz the way we treat our citizens that would make more sense.
Grand ! When will I see you and these other mental giants signing up for government health care, I might listen.
Filmmakers, entertainers and billioniares, so the Top 1%, want single-payer? Single-payer failing all over the world. Socialism is Big Lie!
Why did trump state the Australias system is far better than ours then?  They have single payer.
Control health care and control the people.
Canada must have TERRIBLE healthcare then. Oh wait, no they don't.
Based on a friend from Canada, she has to wait weeks or more just to get diagnostic tests. I can get them done same day.
Funny, I got this message today:
You once again forget that it was Nixon who tried to bring in that very system but the idea was rejected by the Dems of the day!
Never realized being a filmmaker or entertainer made you qualified to talk about healthcare.
Michael Moore does a great deal of research for the content of his films. Certainly that lends some credibility.
Fair. I just tend to ignore political views of celebrities, they tend to be none more qualified than the average individual
It makes way more sense than having employers provide health care.
Employers subsidies healthcare, they don't pay for it.
Bullshit, they do so pay for it.
Visit http://Fixithealth.com  Watch documentaries- answer all questions #NIMA #Healthcare4All #ASBC Business Leaders transforming Healthcare
The 'best' quick video I've seen on SPHC.
Competition brings down cost.  Single payer insures that the payer ( the government) gets what they want.  The people suffer...
Healthcare based on profit motives will never result in lower costs. It's not the same as selling widgets or things people want vs need
Most of the cost of healthcare has nothing to do with healthcare.  Education cost and malpractice insurance cost drives healthcare costs up.
Education cost is small compared to malpractice insurance and health insurance paperwork. Never found an honest insurance company yet.
The real problem is the pharmaceutical companies.  They pay doctors to treat symptoms instead of illness.  More long term money.
At least in a capitalist based healthcare system, one can choose to not do business with a company that one is unhappy with.
They have something in common...they will be able to afford to not use the single payor system. Makes it so much easier!
Universal healthcare will create more jobs! This is simple math people!
I have a funny feeling John Stewart will be running for office in the future
Bernie Sanders why is it your life goal to make people suffer who work so hard to get where they are and make them pay for their hard work
Think of all of the creativity that would take place in our country if people no longer had to work a job they hated just to get insurance
Bernie, try to come up with an idea fresher than this dinosaur dung from the industrial revolution. Boring.
Name 1 Govt. organization that is the picture of efficiency. U can't because there isn't one, & we would want them running our healthcare?
This is going back years. Then it cost over $30,000 to cover an employee. Combined with their salary the cost was way to high.
I have a degree in business. My calstone was to take an existing company from year 10 to 20. I moved the company overseas. Healthcare costs
Filmmakers and entertainers?  Excuse me while I disregard the opinions of those who pretend for a living.  That includes senators.
This is the worst appeal to authority. #LeftistLogicFallacy
Mix in a little argumentum ad populum.
Great argument! Entertainers are most qualified to write complex healthcare policy! Quick question. How senile are you Breadline Bernie?
I love reading Twitter and seeing all the logical fallacies. You should argue the facts. You can't because Single-Payer is better.
Why is single-payer better? Make an argument that isn't "celebrities and entertainers agree"
What's with the fear of single-payer? It obviously works for a large portion of the world. Can Americans not make things work?
argumentum ad populum
So just because single payer works and is popular I can't advocate for it? Being popular makes something inherently wrong?
No, prevalence is not an argument for virtue. Being popular is irrelevant. For example, the holocaust was very popular.
Maybe in alt-right circles the holocaust was popular.  Everyone i know abhors it.
I get the feeling none of this is filtering through.
So we should do what entertainers tell us?  Just because they are famous?  That is great for TMZ.  Come on Bern, u know better.
We should do what benefits us the most... Single Payer Medicare for all. It's not like these people are lying
Explain how the economics work please.medicare is trillions in unfunded liabilities TODAY
Go check out how every other democratic nation does it. Then you will be educated enough to not have to ask random twitter ppl.
Lets get able bodied Americans working first and then maybe more people would be on board. Many Americans abuse the welfare system #NotGood
1Million:1 the government is abusing our tax dollars more than Corporate America. You know most of corporate Americans are small business.
What money? The money businesses earn through conducting business?Its not your or my money to say anything about.The rich will ALWAYS HIDE $
Both sides are responsible.Both Democrats and republicans suck of the tits of those Corporations, unions, and special interests.
I believe single payer is only hope All my funds are concentrated on health care. Instead of autos, housing, or savings. Real trickle-down
Wait until your tax to death for ur single-payer healthcare you won't have to worry about a car or a house you won't be able to afford one
So have them pony up the Money!
@SenSanders: What do you mean by a single payer system?
Bernie supporters be like..  
Shame we don't have a government brave enough 2 do it instead we have dump an his government  that is causing our insurance prices2skyrocket
The old fart who backstab his supporters then kept their donations
Aahhh you dumbaaaaaa lost the elections so you all don't matter anymore

You are wrong. Socialism is wrong
I'm squirting out a big single turd out of my ass!
You mean like in Venezuela?
I agree
Michael Moore? This great Country shouild listen to Michael Moore? No Thanks,
The liberals in Hollyweird do not understand anything about HC...just another your idiotic statements!
Healthcare in the hands of our govt? YEAH right, because they do such a good job running things. Are you people nuts?
We don't need government insurance look at the Va
State run hospital let maggots around feeding tube. Government run health care for all. Look it up.
Who cares what Hollywood thinks ! Don't need their advice.they will keep their Cadillac Plans. We get the crappy Socialist Plan, from Gov't!
US has the most expencive health system in the world. Nearly twice as much per person than any full covering system i Europe.
Please never speak about economics again. You are not remotely qualified.
So the government can take away the rights of parents like they did for Charlie Gard?  Not, not, not OK! Never! #lovemypresident
How about investigating the facts, a little even, before making hysterical ill informed comments
Fact: "Victoria Butler-Cole, who speaks on Charlie's behalf in court, is chairman of Compassion in Dying".
filmmakers & entertainers r experts on economics, dynamics of currency, & healthcare...? What a dope.
Oh right, and politicians and lawyers are much more qualified. You make a great point. Who really IS qualified?
Odd how all the Anti-Single Payer Option folks RAIL against BIG GOV'T --UNTIL their Social Security checks and Medicare coverage COMMENCES
It's amazing 2 me those who'd scream bloody murder if Aetna had a monopoly on healthcare want to make the gubmint a monopoly on healthcare.
.@SenSanders Congratulations! This tweet won "Dumbest Tweet of the Week"!!!
Well done.
http://tammybruce.com/2017/08/dumbest-tweet-of-the-week-award-goes-to-bernie-sanders.html …
Brilliant piece!
So glad you think we should listen to Hollywood wackos
Yes!
All the trash that got their aaaaa kicked by Trump and his supporters
MEDICARE FOR ALL = boost the economy,take burden off employers,create more jobs, increase tax revenue,MAKE USA A HUMANE COUNTRY
Thanks,Bernie. Seriously hope you are running again for President. We need your clarity of purpose...#FightingOn
There's a bunch of geniuses to follow. Yikes
Keep on cause I'm not really all that knowledgeable on the topic
LOL Bill Maher and Michael Moore??? BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
Millions from other nations do too. This plutocracy MUST END.
Those are your sources for your wisdom? Disappointing ng.
Actors, Filmmakers and Billionares? You are so out of touch dude
Medicare For All
Bravo
BUFFET SAYS WERE SUCH RICH COUNTRY WHY ARE WE TRILLIONS AND TRILLIONS IN DEBT . OWING ISN'T OWNING IT'S OWING IT'S POOR!!
And they can afford to pay for something out of pocket when the government denies your claim we get to die!
time to build a parallel medical infrastructure based on preventive care not sickcare. Nation held hostage by Med Industrial Complex. 
Let us take the idea of "Doctors without Boarders" & call it "Doctors without Orders" > NOT taking orders from corrupted Corporate-State
Too many think it's going Socialism.  No politics in basic healthcare.
Even normal Democrats (like me) agree #MedicareForAll is the way to go plus normal Republicans agree as well.
Correct you are!
KOMO News story of a photographer couple in Seattle suddenly facing the biggest health challenge of their lives
Whenever I see a bunch of people talk about forcing other people to be charitable against their will it makes me wanna gag
Only if you take it out of the hands of politicians. Do with health care what was done with banking. Create a semi-private Medical Reserve.
Just to get health insurance.
Just think of all of the creativity that would take place in our country if people no longer had to take jobs that they hated
All of which are disconnected  from real life in the working class
Actors and filmmakers think it's a good idea, along with kooks like you? All the more reason to not support a single payer system.
It's a fact....
and those people are suppose to empress the working class, who cares what they think?
I am not a big Bernie fan nor a Hillary fan, but I am a BIG anti-insurance fan. Just think how much & how little you put into it.
Canadians know this, too.
I will agree with you on this, but tell us why you supported Hillary and defrauded the bank? Very funny things you seem to do sometimes.
She was the lesser evil that's why.
That's not what the wily old guy said. He flipped about her being any bit evil. What's the term for such behavior?
He said @HillaryClinton in her worst days will be better than Trump. Pretty straight forward .
Really? Why would he mislead all his supporters like that? He could have been better.
It's true she was the lesser evil.
That's your opinion n u r r entitled 2 it. But there r lots of people who think otherwise, n that's something that u must accept gracefully.
Those are the same people that believe in alternative facts. Won't accept that.
, would one of those billionaires be you, you sellout?
Agree! We have single payer of sorts now but it's the one with the worst fiscal responsibility and care- the ER! It's time we did it right
We need to quit promoting fair weather friends like Moore and push those who laid futures on line, like Nina and Tulsi.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!! 61% of ALL Americans want a #Singlepayer - #MedicareForAll system. Thank you, Bernie - we're still here! #Bernie2020
Socialized Healthcare is not the answer.  Big Gov controls kill & destroys everything!  Cut gov programs, reduce size of gvrnmnt
Insanity!  Single-Payer is the most expensive system! Free market competition is only way to bring down cost!  No gov control!
shouldn't everyone have quality healthcare. Something is wrong with buying the Cadillac version vs the Chrysler version
Really these commies need to go to Venezuela
The cost of copay,prescription costs and health http://insurance.You  could pay 2,000 more in taxes,and you would come out way ahead!
I agree completely,if anyone doesn't,all they have to do is to figure it out for themselves.Take the cost of health insurance they pay etc.
Gotta love a socialist loon, who promises naive people things he can never deliver.
Amen
GETTING GOVERNMENT OUT OF HEALTHCARE AND LETTING CAPITALISM WORK (NOT CRONY CAPITALISM) IS THE SOLUTION - COMPETITION IS THE REAL ANSWER

You damn fool.
Didn't you try it in  Vermont and fail?
God Bernie you're such a communist
So my taxes can sky rocket. No thanks
I assume you're donating your salary to charity? Hopefully not the #ClintonFoundation #ClintonCrimeFamily
Wonder if anyone calculated how many hours a yr Americans spend finding and fixing and worrying abt insurance?
Why would anyone vote for a single payer healthcare when the democrats want an open door immigration policy? That's stupidity.
And how about this other (alleged) billionaire who has supported #SinglePayer:
Idoits
The private companies run the U.S.A. This is one example of this.

It's time to FIGHT BACK!.
But not the average man. All the people out of touch with the reality of everyday life agree with you b/c they'll never be on single payer
Actually, a lot of experts, activists, and empowered consumers figured that out a hell of a long time ago before celebrities got to noticing
Bernie sanders you soldout to ISLAMICLOBBYIST BERNIE BETRAYED THE BELIEVERS! BERNIE TAKE YOUR DIRTYMONEY GO AWAY
Imagine the corruption. You so-called elites would treat it like a candy store.
What a joke lol 
Wrong. Free markets and competition is always the way to bring down costs.
Your way is inefficient and will ultimately fail everywhere.
Thank you for speaking clearly, concisely and for the people!
Just look at VA Federal system. Avg  2 mnths 2 see a Cardiologist if you are lucky enough not have your appt randomly cancelled.
Yeah since they are the only ones who can afford it
Please don't listen to these elites. They will not life by the same system. Do your homework and look at Canadas government restrictions
You & your sycophants r lying 2 millions of American All for POWER. History shows this will raises costs & impose massive restrictions
Stuff it Comrade
Lol. Funny when Bernie saying the the rich 1%knows what America need.
Bernie Sanders for president
Bernie, we don't care to hear any more of your economic bs now that you've got bank fraud on your rap sheet.
What makes filmmakers and entertainers the experts?  Ignorant statement.
I don't care what entertainers and filmmakers think. They are disconnected from the common man and truly don't know what's best for us.
Also, side note, Bernie it should have been you ♡
People are upset I think cause they're assuming they'll be paying insurance premiums PLUS tax. But that's not the case. You'll save $$
Please post this on your facebook page so I can also share it there.
That's confirmation that it is a very bad concept! F the entertainers, filmmakers n Hollywood n U !
Remember when you praised Venezuela for their policies? Ha you`re a joke.
get rid of your congressional healthcare carve out & sign up for ACA then you ll have a little credibility.
Hillary AND KAMILA don't think so. And all the CA Dem leadership.
Let's hope DEMs have power in the future. It don't look good for them.
We can't trust our own Government to take care of the taxpayer instead of the HC providers.  Healthcare providers simply own our congress.
Single payer HC, can get out from under cost of any expensive group of "users", with a simple accidental contamination, just like UK's Hemos
When Congress is faced with the choice of healthcare money or taxpayer, Joe Blow, Joe is going to die!  They will rig S/P too.
There's an army of HC lobbyist who have manipulated congress 4 favorable HC legislation/protection.  Cost of HC is the fruit of their labor.
Privately, healthcare lobbyist have manipulated congress 2 create this HC, cost crisis.  Now they join together publicly, 2 manipulate pop
Government had never taken over anything that it did not become worse.  Flood ins taken by FEMA?  Premiums under pvt ins 5,800, FEMA 12,000?
VA Admin is single payer 4 veterans.  If Pres Trump had not stepped in, we would still B killing vets frm inaction,  Get in line, wait 2 die
Civilized?  How did SP/UK, lose 2400 hemophiliacs from aids tainted blood?  20 yrs after screening, this seems impossible?  Culling pop?
@BernieSanders is a rich hypocrite. Stand with the people by signing up 4 Obamacare & pay 4 it with youre own money otherwise youre a fraud
Cause they won't use it. Like Britain & Canada, the rich will utilize excellent private healthcare bypassing govt care for the avg citizens
THANK YOU, BERNIE, for fighting for AMERICANS. Please keep up the good work!!! You're the only one legislating, while everyone else TWEETS.
More bullshit from bernsie the blow hard bullshivik- socialism fails every time it's tried and pretending you can change that won't.
Yet the people who actually run the business don't know? How do you explain that?
Well as long as the filmmakers and entertainers understand...
Start with a public option in the Marketplaces to minimize disruption as we transition.
Then watch quality of health care crash & burn.
Medicare is a single payer system & quality of health care is good.  I've not had any concerns & most doctors and hospitals accept Medicare.
No we don't. That would be a huge mistake. The government is too inept to run a program like this. It would be a nightmare for Americans.
A Single Payer System will Increase The Payroll Tax More than 35% or more than $21,000 Per Taxpayer.
Thats who I would believe The people who make a living making make believe and Phony TV shows & billionaires who steal public blind Great
Senator, did you see @DavidCayJ interview on @democracynow about this? 99% of the US would get an effective tax break w/ the EU system
I see you don't understand the concept of cost very well.
Removing the profit motive is the only way 2 bring costs down which is exactly why we're the only country treating healthcare as a commodity
Show me a filmmaker, entertainer or billionaire that is ON a single payer system. Those on it warn against it. FREE MARKET
So they keep telling us anyway.
We love you Bernie.
Bernie,film makers and actors do not drink from the same well as common people. Bad analogy.
All those same ppl say we need open borders and gun control while living in walled-off mansions with armed guards.
Why would those groups of ppl have any concern or knowledge regarding nationwide healthcare costs?
Most of these people know less about economics than my dog does.
But the Insurance Company Mafia  aligned with all of our elected officials do not agree...
Um... and? So?
sarcasm...
Do you need help with your daily work? Contact me :)
Really? Do you know if any elites support it as well?
Filmmakers , entertainers and Billionaires live in bubbles.  They don't understand the common man. Paying for their healthcare is easy-cash
@SenSanders ,25 years in healthcare Mr. Senator, I know, you do not, this is a bad idea. call and speak with me (706)662-8378.
I can tell you why it won't work. but,you won't because you aren't interested in listen to the people, just your agenda. You really need to
so the rich left understand? #Senile
Who s dat bitch who cut off d player's speech
I Love Single-Player Games, Especially RPG's...
My gosh they sound like real FDR democrats. Obviously they're sexist, racist Putinbots.
BUT why did VT and CA both vote single payer down??

Universal health care for all USA citizens! For those who desagree,think how you will feel after loosing your insurance. Wake up USA!
Bernie, you're so ignorant.
"Single payer" just means cutting out insurance extortionists.
The government is an extortionist. I'm convinced that we even overpay for Medicaid and Medicare. They arbitrarily decide the amounts that go
In. we KNOW that single payer costs more than a free market system which costs ($1,193 per year). So if it were just cutting out the
Cheaters we'd cut out single payer as well and just make it a fee for service out of pocket system lol. If you see no reason to have third
Parties, then there's no logical reason to have any form of insurance (auto/home) or single payer. My assumption is that you're making your
Argument simply because health insurance costs more than auto/home insurance though. The cost is more of an issue than the fact that a third
Party extortionist is involved because you're likely not calling for single payer auto insurance. I'd also wager that you don't even know
Which laws have made health insurance cost more than any other insurance
Yes, but what do doctors and economists say on the subject?
It does work that's why people come here to the USA to seek health care from us rich movie stars will buy their way in won't affect them
And at the same time bring down quality of care, and by the way, show me where gov. Has brought down the cost of anything
They have money they don't give a shit.
Oh yeah... see how well it went for Venezuela? Moron!
You obviously don't know what you are talking about considering you support the same type of anti democratic tyrannical imbecil that's Trump
Bernie it's obvious that your an alzheimer patient, better retire so you can spend time w/ Jane b4 she goes to prison #lockjaneup
