@GodsWordIsFree @BFostersbox  I read your tweet Sen. Sanders, & yes we did see TRUMP promising to not cut "MEDICAID"
part 2) How can some AMERICANS continue to BELIEVE in TRUMP & the @GOP ? Looks like there are very few Republicans who really represents the
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems part 3)  "AMERICAN PEOPLE" ...Maybe the @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP is really about the @GOP party instead of the PPL
part 4) Happy to see that there are a few REPUBLICANS like @SenMcCain & others who do sometimes put the "UNITED STATES" first before "TRUMP"
@bannerite @llstudent08 @SuperckookLarry @ERMA_____ @hrw part 5) Is it true that John Pistole's name surfaces as possible Comey replacement?
part 6) Read a tweet from @dcexaminer about...White House refuses to answer questions about KUSHNER request for a "BACKCHANNEL" (Russian)
part 7) @shannon_sandy @JWaReesS @ActDontReact @Eemunchagote @SandySnoble63 @FreddyRoo2 @jojokejohn @CParks777 @DanteB4u @llstudent08 @NAACP
part 8) "FACT CHECK" When Trump put certain individuals into top political jobs, do Trump & his administration want these people to be LOYAL
If anything can give them a wet-dream, it's taking away from the poor. They're all orgasming. SICK!
What so far have they taken away from you?
Healthcare for me is a right not just afforded for the rich. Let’s start with women’s rights “planned parenthood”.
Let's see.  Do you pay for your healthcare?
I live mostly in France & we have universal healthcare. The poor do not pay, payment is based on earnings france rated best 5 in the world.
In France is it "mandated" you MUST purchase insurance?
There's a lot of wrong information about universal healthcare in US. Until you live it, you will not understand the benefits of it.
So after losing hundreds of seats since 2008. You commiea still plan to run on the same policies. Great!
The Democrats are commies dudes Antifa and Islam is there muscle
Whatever dude socialist or democrat (communists) y'all are not winning in 2018 - future. We have taken over from idiots
Get a Job!
No the Ruling Elite use communism to control other countries they arent representative of the Capitalist system
a sham to push a vote through without waiting for the CBO
They're happy when they line their pockets with more money.
23 million Americans who might as well not have health insurance because of ridiculously high deductibles...
that says it all !
This is how Dems looked when they threw the healthcare system into a clusterfuck of complete upheaval.
That "clusterfuck" saved me over $8,000/year from Anthem, the company that doubled my premiums when my group coverage expired.
And what options do they have for buying insurance after being kicked off their current plans?
Have health insurance through your employer? Trumpcare is a disaster for you too
Actually it didn't
So have I and guess what anecdotal evidence means 0. all my facts are still facts
Save us all
Kinda reminds me of the Democratic Party when they stole the nomination from you for the #Queenofcorruption at the staged DNC in Philly 
LIAR! How many left Obamacare willingly? How many are illegal immigrants? How many will loose coverage because of no insurer in that market?
Something about death panels and this picture.
Reminder: This is how you celebrated when @HillaryClinton paid you to drop out of the race and support her as the nominee!
i don't understand this point.  So?  He saved his money and spent wisely.  Good for him. I really don't understand why you knock him.
he paid far less tax then Trump..I don't care if it's just ur money..but our money too
oh - you have access to #trump's taxes?  Do share!
Eight
Shut up!
You want to make Americans poor.
MAGA

#AmericaFirst
I'm happy that @realDonaldTrump is my President, he will Make America greater than ever before. You would have done the opposite. Sad
Bernie has ZERO real solutions and very empty tweets!
Please see below the list of Bernie Sander's accomplishments in congress:
You guys will say anything to try to justify and protect this monster while millions regret their votes and the gov wants him impeached. 
I'm not a troll. But you do see how narrow minded and one sided this tweet is don't you?
No i don't
Unfortunate
nothing unfortunate about the truth--the GOP represents the economic interests of the wealthy, destroying the middle class since Reagan
It's unfortunate that you believe the Democrats are any different. Any government is about making themselves richer. Irregardless, the..
To be fair Senator. They didn't see it as "taking health care away".
They saw it as, "Undoing whatever the Black Guy did."
I'm not...the GOP is though.They have been for the past 8 years.
If you're a senator, and you have an (R) next to your name, then chances are, you are against everything Obama did over the past 8 years. Y?
They disagree with:
Healthcare for everyone
Clean Air and Water
Green Energy Solutions
Women control over their own bodies
I can go on...
A 3rd house that was purchased with $ from the sale of his deceased in-laws home. OH THE HUMANITY!
Oh! His relatives were rich. Well that changes EVERYTHING!
And? He's one of the lowest paid senators. Is he supposed to work for free, or does having $ mean he can't advocate for the less fortunate?
Bernie, this wouldn't have happened if you would have fought Hillary. You would've won!
Should have taken DWS to court and cleaned her clock
Bernie. What have you achieved during your term?
He got a good screwing from Debbie Shultz
Thank you Jessica; God bless 
Thank you Jessica 

Lead poisoning?
under ACA  there are already 33 million w/o insurance
Your source, please? If it's Mike Cernovich, don't waste my time, but if you have a legitimate, unbiased source, I'd like to see it.
7 years after ACA
?What 7 years after ACA? You deleted your vague post about "estimated Bloomberg totals...." That's okay, I wouldn't have believed you anyway
I haven't seen that much white since my studio 54 days
Just know that before Obamacare no one could be rejected from being seen at a hospital, but they could pay their bill....right?....NO!
What's your point??
Why does everyone need healthcare if you can be seen w/out it and won't be able to pay those bills if you can't afford insurance anyway
Like are you trying to justify millions going without health insurance? I don't get it
Yes cause it's expensive for everyone to have it and the government can't afford it everyone just thinks they can
They ain't smiling now, are they.  They're all trying to save their ass
The bill won't pass the Senate, so no their celebration is short lived...
Loathsome
I see @RepJimBanks in the background! Listen to your constituents and over half of the US population, #HR676 Healthcare For All Act
America is ready for Medicare for all..please help us..
So, Obama personally raised the cost of premiums? Or the billionaire  CEO's of ins co's pulled out b/c of GOP promise for huge tax cuts (?)
Well, don't be surprised at this, when contempt for the poor and less fortun(at)e is the whole spectrum of their emotional range.
That's terrifying
Don't forget that Obamacare let people died. At least my area it happened. Btw. Socialist plans never work @SenSanders
So easy to play Santa Clause with other people's money...
Look at Venezuela.
or pretty much any other pure marxist state
It went from one of the richest SA countries to being the poorest in less than a decade simply because other people's money ran out.
Don't let us forget this disgraceful garden party. TY for standing up to injustice.
ACA is failing but the GOP plan is a failure too. Legalize cannabis on fed level, use $ to give all citizens catastrophic care, FM for rest
You're an Ahole! Go to VT and take a STFU pill! Thank you.
Funny smiles.....ewwww

Like we already didn't know they were douches
Stop voting for Republicans.
If it's that bad, wouldn't it give leverage for Trump to build a wall.
Will you ever stop lying?
disgusting
Ah yes. A sea of white men...
@SpeakerRyan : When you're so crooked your smile is upside down.
Maybe a vast majority of those should get off welfare and get a job so they can pay for healthcare.
How can America still have those Crooks ruling the Nation? @USATODAY @nytimes @VanityFair @cnn @CNBC @WSJ @FT @TheEconomist @guardian @time
You forgot all that beer they had delivered
They are as trump would say "evil losers".
Jerks!
It is all so amazingly disgusting!!! I've been living in a nightmare since November. This all makes it is pure HELL!!!
Tell the WHOLE truth Bernie! That's over a period of YEARS! And by then the premiums go down and more people CAN AFFORD IT!!
More than that. 23M he sites are people that won't enroll due to requirement being removed.  They want to keep their $$$
Rising premiums and insurers pulling out will result in more then 23 million.  It had to go folks
My middle class Premio increased from $492 '13 to $1738 a month with 10K deduct in MN. How come Dems call it ACA?  Doesn't work
Evil bastards!
Appears Pelosi & Pence both agree that States should handle health insurance 
https://twitter.com/sensanders/status/867492413316767744 …
They're just a bunch of old privileged fats making bad decisions that will far outlive them #SinglePayer
Obama lied and my rates doubled. You all lie.
What about when I lost my health care under the ACA? The fraud you took part in
@claudiatenney having a grand old time creating some death panels (R NY-22)
And all the conservative outlets kept quiet
What did you expect from those losers.
keep this picture n your mind,when u vote 2018,wipe those smiles off their sorry corrupt faces, put U n,will take U out#Yes #GOP
Start using the rhetoric of "Policies of exclusionary Hate" to describe Republican policy.
DOWN WITH ALL REPUBLICANS IN ANY AND ALL OFFICES! Time for PSYCHO to be impeached ALONG with his puppets like RYAN!
- Bernie's right again! These bastards are all smirking and taking money from insurance companies.
Senator need to fire all that voted on a poorly made health bill in 30 days it took a lot longer on obama care why not improve on something
Impeachment is on the horizon. I am frustrated with their decision.
Makes me sick. Thank you for fighting for us!
Rotten to the core!!! Shame on them!!
This picture must be preserved so it can be displayed at the funerals of the millions who will die as a result of #GOP healthcare plan.
I had health insurance before Obamacare and after. It's significantly more expensive now. Let's work on insurance costs.
offering a choice instead of forcing them is not the same as taking it away, which is simply not true.
NO free birth control-NO healthcare for pregnancies-NO gay/jewish/muslim foster/adoptive parents... So WHERE are all of these babies going?
u 've share in this Why u quit election
At least we didn't buy off the house leaders to pass it and we didn't say you have to pass it to read it
NOT GOOD
Don't forget the Bud lite- cretins!
No hearts, no souls
Republicans and conservatives alike are cancer and need to be eliminated.
Disgraceful is an insufficient way to describe @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan and the GOP applauding this unAmerican act.
They better hope most Americans have died before they vote again
another lie Bernie, stop lying, didn't your mommy teach you to be honest?
Idiots
Didn't millions loose their healthcare with the implementation of Obamacare?
this is what depravity looks like, y'all.
People had heal care before Obama Care and will continue
Paul ryan a snake
That's a photo lens full of richardheads.  There is something very wrong with every last one of 'em.
All white men who are clueless!
Ignorant statement correlating color and intelligence
Lest we forget!  Thx for the reminder. #RESISTANCE #LockThemUpToo #SaveOurHealthcare
Hillary would be president if you didn't sabotage- go away
They also drank Bud Light.
@DanaHoule this seems like a good message.
POS
Sell two of your homes and pay for someone's health insurance, commie
A bunch of "White Crackers" being led by one giant "Orange Cracker". @realDonaldTrump looking foreword to seeing you dressed in all orange.
Fake news and why do you continue to lie a
It is just the beginning America is in deep do do.
I spent time in a mental hospital and people were being discharged before their time. America & republicans ignore the mentally ill. Period.
It does not take HC away from anyone. It stops forcing people to spend their $$ on insurance with high ded & no care so they have $$ 4 care.
Even when Paul Ryan smiles he looks like he's frowning. It's actually impressive.
Gee so even a Senator can make phrases meant to divide the country further. I'm sure you'll blame Trump though
Shame on Republicans, specially on Ryan, how low has he reached, just to keep being a Congresman instead of being upright, shame on him.
Don't forget the cases of beer trucked in.
Can someone tell me what the bill is called?
Bernie speak on bloodlines like Rothschild, Soros n the Zionist regime running the world. Talk about that. Tell the  what Bohemian Grove is
Trump backs 25m Americans against a wall feeling nothing to lose, Isis will look like grade school recess
There all Jerks who could give a 
Disgusting 
Is it just me, or does anyone else see a Woman present in this #Celebration of #Destruction? Probably because this party is not #United...
Reminder: This is how leftist celebrated after imposing a huge mandate/tax on Americans to force them to buy insurance or face fine.
2018 reckoning to come !
Of course, they just stole a trillion dollars. From upper, middle, and lower class. For billionaires. Cause trickle down your leg economics
Chocolate cake all around.
-20000000000 $ let that # sink in @SenSanders half of that was @BarackObama  that's 66000 per person. Trumps military spend not good either
@SpeakerRyan Disgusting
Maybe we need to make them apply for this insurance and take away the insurance they currently have that we pay for!
I just don't know how this can happen. I am so worried about how my daughters and granddaughter will be affected by the decisions he makes
You are such a liar Bernie. No one is losing health care. A lot more ppl don't have healthcare now. Plus the cost will go down.
And look at that sea of smug, white male faces.  Oh, and one smug, orange male face.  I continue to #resist
And kills thousands of Americans.  Ryan/Trump greater threat than ISIS.
remember if you like your insurance, you can keep it - haha
Yea and when Obamaycare totally fails that # will double easily. Tell the truth Bernie.
Healthcare will still be available to everyone, it just isn't going to be free. 
Repeal ACA
Surely 23 million Americans without healthcare tax the system and government in other ways. Did CBO report the financial repercussion costs?
Over 10 years remember? When insurance isn't mandatory, some won't want to get it.
Half the people on Obamacare couldn't use it because of the high deductible. Bernie wake up double standard Senator.
Obamacare was no better Bernie
Yupp I'll be kicked off my insurance next month, and with chronic migraines I can't afford my medicine and shots without it.
They're so effing happy.. let's take something away from them like their jobs!
I just keep repeating to myself:  2018. 2018.
The devastation caused to lower & middle income Americans by GOP Insur Plan, combined with GOP Budget could make US like a 3rd World Country
u are a joke
Here's a close up shot of Paul Ryan celebrating afterwards..
Reminder: ACA made health insurance too expensive for millions of Americans. Especially the middle class.
The smug look of sorry you aren't able to afford health care not my problem
All White Males in this picture...
All of our support to OUR president Donald Trump.
Trump is mentally ill
Disgusting
if you kill all of your /poor/ citizens you don't have to pay for their healthcare
Do you also have the pic of send smiling when they told America they can keep their Dr. and premiums would be lower?
 #HEARD #ENOUGH 
FROM YOU #BERNIE !!

NEXT TIME YOU ARE UP FOR
#REELECTION...
YOU WILL HAVE LOTS MORE
TIME ~w/
#SPORTSCAR  & #BEACHHOUSE !
Disgusting. Arrogant. Pompous. #ImpeachTrump and Co.!!
It's called capitalism im aufstieg
How much have the black mailed democrats in congress taken from all the people? God is on our side! You will be defeated!
Fun fact: That's as many people as population of AUSTRALIA.
Another fact: Australians can afford a medical scheme for the poor.
#WTFtrump?!
Hey Bernie, you're quick to speak up now but why didn't you when @HillaryClinton stole the primaries? Its not fake news we all say emails.
And Hillarycouldn't beat him, and you couldn't best Hillary. Goodness.
Those are the 2  2  2  2  2  Shit e st Grins The World Has Ever Seen - What A Couple Of CLOWNS - So Sad
Disgraceful
@HouseGOP YOUR JOBS ARE ALREADY GONE BECAUSE OF THIS TRAVESTY!! REGARDLESS OF HOW SENATE VOTES YOU'RE ALREADY DONE!
How's your wife investigation going, bernie?
Ghuns
Over
People hate America!!
If we can spend 2 trillion on Wars in Iraq and Afghanistan why can't we spend 40 billion a year for the Affordable Healthcare Act?
thats also my ?  Americans deserve a decent plan and to hell with pleasing insurance & pharmaceutical companies  why so scared? t
@USRepRodney confirmation that the bill you voted for, without reading, will hurt millions including your constituents. Any comment? #nope
Tell me about the millions of people including  Democrats that lost their healthcare with ObamaCare Bernie
And it made me sick to watch 
Nevermind the fact that 22.9 million of them only signed up so they wouldn't be (illegally) fined by the govt if they didn't.....
I know.They r sending Grama n Gramps into the street from nursing homes n taking ten TRILLION they save n pocketing it.calling it tax breaks
Thanks DNC for giving the election to him! It's your fault. You were robbed bro! And just endorsed your thief! Only third parties.
