You needed to go to Canada to find a supporter?
Yes, because they couldn't find one here.
it's almost like people who HAVE implemented universal healthcare might have some useful expertise in that area.
Yeah, except Canada and other countries aren't identical to the US. What one country chooses to do may not work for the next country.
and I've heard NO good reason why universal healthcare can't work in the US when it has worked in every other modern nation. We're the richest nation the world has EVER seen, and yet portugal can afford it but we can't.
We are 20 trillion in debt. Only place is our taxes...unless you want to give up 20-30% of your paycheck. I live on a set salary like much of America...America would fail
worth noting: trump is trying to RAISE taxes on 1/3 of working class people to APPEAR to balance the budget after blowing a giant hole -- to cut tax for the rich. lots of debt due to illegal war in Iraq/Afghan. (wasn't paid for). raise taxes on the rich back to pre-1980 levels.
Where do you get your false information from? Learn how taxes are completed and you will realize that middle class families will be getting a huge tax relief. Then corporations will pouring more money into the economy
"All"? I am a Canadian and have never known anyone to seek medical treatment in the US.
I think you missed my point with your quote on "all". Just an observation I made.
Your comment to me has absolutely nothing to do with my tweets. You're welcome to respond accordingly when you properly read the everything.
What's changed hypocrites?
I guess a lot in 30 yrs
I wonder if his thoughts on wome being gang raped have also changed
Oh, I would love to read that article. Can you post that?
Yeah I got you fam
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Bernie+sanders+gang+rape …
Lol, I wasn't being serious but thanks!
I keep seeing the Canadian doctors, which I don't give a damn about. Where is the input from AMERICAN doctors? What do AMERICANS SAY?
I find this poll a bit suspect. I appreciate you finding it, but i'm going to need more information, including demographics and the like. This constitutes a massive turn in opinion during the ACA years, and I'd like to know the mechanism that explains it.
She should worry about her country and not ours
#SinglePayer is the where we're heading & it's not soon enough
I respect you @jeffrey_ventre but I won't discuss politics..Just because what's good for 1 country doesn't mean it's good for another.
Good. I don't have time for idiots
Wow now I'm an idiot??
. 
Who cares what she says, bernie comes up without a plan to pay for it
I could care less what she has to say she's from Canada. She should worry about her own country's health insurance
I have friends who come the to US for their surgery because of their healthcare is so bad.

I don't want that here....
I am Canadian and although our HC isnt prefect , it's a hellova lot better than ANYTHING you Americans got.
Says you?
The health I have would make you wet your pants. I've been there on business, you can keep your country not impressed.
As a German I enjoyed UHC almost all my life. I took it for granted UNTIL I moved to the U.S.! Your HC-system SUCKS, it's cruel + inhumane.
Germany
Woman being raped by immigrants Election rigged. Govt carring debt. EURO will collaps with a intrest rate increase.
No thanks
Keep drinking the Kool Aid
I know Canadian Doctors living in USA, bring their family here for health care because Canada medicine is just not up to par.
Haa
Everyone should be able to have a secure healthcare & not worrying you can't pay it. Poor, rich even animals. That's my wish for America 
Bc it's no ones fault to get sick!!
It gets pulled off  percentage every month from my payroll. So I pay in automatically for my healthcare every month. That's what we do in 
This excellent video goes to the heart of the #HealthCare debate. To our core values as a nation. Everyone should watch this.

Canada has a fraction of national debt, and a fraction of the population of the US. Canada and the US are not even comparable.
Bernie has lost his integrity. He does not ever mention the negatives of one payor or help those who speak against it be heard.
She's kinda my heroine, second only to my mom of course.
@SenSanders
Limit money n politics!
Govern for Americans',
not political funders
End Citizens' United 
Ending Citizens' United will help Americans elect politicians who represent the people and @letamericavote
https://twitter.com/Holly_not_Dolly/status/909434656948449281 …
If I know one thing Americans love, it's being told what to do by foreigners. Let's find some better messaging folks
Germany's health care is so much better.  Even in Poland serious life saving operations are covered.  Unifying issue for all Americans.
Single-payer health care failed miserably in Colorado last year. Here’s why.
Thank you for voicing what every American wants and is entitled to!
No American gives two shits what a Canadian doctor thinks.
We need regulation on the pharmaceutical companies and not create a pocket for them to suck more money from us.
http://www.nejm.org/doi/pdf/10.1056/NEJMp1515068 …
We're not in Canada Toto
It is fair, it is good, and it helps everybody.
Bernie said before it would bankrupt the country.  What changed?
Thank you @docdanielle for being such a strong voice for us Americans still struggling to get OUR government to care truly about our lives
She's being paid to, and she won't have to help pay for the doubling of our taxes due to his plan.


Politicians involved in a shady $ deal & for Socialistic economy will lead us to a Mao, Chavez, Stalin, Lenin, Hitler, Castro, Jong-un, etc.
Thinking straight? Capitalism & Socialism are types of economics. Cap.=economic freedom for people; Soc.=Fed. Govt. control people/economy.
Every major country on earth has socialized medicine because it's works better than a capitalist system.
Do you know anyone from Canada? They will tell you otherwise. Recent Can. Doctor that Sanders touted at a rally, is daft to the average Can.
I am born and raised in Canada. And I can tell you it's so much better to not have to worry about medical bills.
My father had 4 knee surgeries and was bound to a wheelchair for months after.My parents struggled massively and that's without medical cost
The only reason my family is where it is today (upper middle class) is because of socialized medicine.
Just you wait snipinnight, just you wait.  ACA if allowed to continue on its path, you will lose the freedom of choice & what will be paid!
Sir, How is the Burlington scandal going? How much was pocketed?  Universal healthcare will divide USA literally. States will secede. Good!
If #Canadian #Healthcare is so good, why r #Canadians coming 2 #USA 2 get #GREAT #medical care? EHAT? da #TRUTH hurts?
Sanders should stick to writing porno articles & focus on his dirtbag wife's legal trouble
There are 50k Canadians each year that come to the US for non emergency health care.
Canada has 32 million, ten times less than the U.S. NO to gov't controlled #welfarehealthcare. Stop trying to turn the U.S. communist.
Hey Bernie, just one question. Who’s going to pay for this?
No thanks, Bernie, we DO NOT want VA-for-all deathcare #CongressMustBeSubjectToHealthcareBillTheyPass
What is the cost?  Who pays?
It was always the plan for "O" Care to Fail...1st Step to Socialism->Health Care...#MedicareForAll #EnemiesWithin
Feel the $2.5 TRILLION Per YEAR! Bern...#MedicareForAll 
1st Step 2 Socialism 4 America...w Economy Crushing Taxes
https://www.fitsnews.com/2016/01/29/feel-the-2-5-trillion-bern/ …
of course...the left would bring someone from another country to meddle in our affairs because...well...Russia ya know... 
#Trump2020 #MAGA
But, but, but American doctors stand to lose lots of mansions, yachts and Bentleys.
Socialism can work in Canada could never work here
Canadian, says it all.
But it would ruin Josh (Jared brother) Kushner deal with Oscar health insurance plan.
Great summation of http://U.S.health  care system.Proves politics has no place in human health.I preferHC model compared 2though
How hypocritical is that? We meddle in every countries business. & who cares where the info is coming from if it is objectively true ?
Bernie's supporters can move to Canada. They can pretend they are "refugees" and get loads of free stuff.
https://twitter.com/lawyer4laws/status/908842337400492032 …
America is so far behind in having Heath care for every American.
Let the Americans keep their health coverage, 34 million Americans don't have any coverage, this is there way killing of the weak.
Gr8
The term "universal health care" should not be used interchangeably with "single payer"
Thank u Senator
We need to stop talking about this and #SaveACA right now before we end up with NOTHING.
I hope all the health policy experts on twitter watch this video. They are always talking trade-offs.
Right now no one is safe in this Country from Republican Greed and Stupidity. We want a healthy and safe place to live like Canada.
Then why did they come to the United States for treatment BS
Exactly... ACCESS 
We are guaranteed EQUAL ACCESS 
a RIGHT stands alone...no funding necessary. RIGHTS exist outside government taxation.
If the country goes broke, do we lose ALL RIGHTS, or just the ones that exist through "public funding"???
RIGHTS come from God, not a tax.
Bernie Sander could not run the Veterans Administration was appointed as CEO look at the VA .they took sanders out he left it in shambles
Remember that time you said Medicare for all would bankrupt the country?
Why doesn't the government give us that same healthcare and retirement that they gave themselves? End of argument.
I everyone #putabernonit
My sister has duel citizenship--loves her healthcare. Thanks Bernie for bringing hope.
Hope.  Bernie is a charlatan. By his own admission medicare for all will bankrupt the country.
The sleeping giant (that would be us), should have educated ourselves long ago on this issue.

NO END can justify the violation of individual rights. Say NO to universal health care
Who cares? She doesn't live here! We don't want waiting times like the Vets have had!! NO THANK YOU #BankFraudBernie
Costs of health care administration in the United States and Canada. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12930930 
Is the U.S. Ready for a Single-Payer Health Care System?
Employer-sponsored insurance is subsidized by the government.
Let them eat Hasenpfeffer.

#RabbitMeat
#BroYouLookSvelteAreYouOnAtkinsAgain
#NoFamJustSocialism
Not #BernieSanders supportr but as Canadian Legal US Resident AGREE%
NEEDS 2REPENT 4 #profitdriven Medical Industry #Selfishness #Ungodly
There are  too. many ogres in America who don't CARE for anyone but themselves! !!!!
Civil Servants decide what the government pays for The rest comes out of your own pocket Screw government health care
Propaganda u denounced it 30 yrs ago Schumer  did 8 yrs ago and everyone knows Canada has long waiting times rationing care
https://www.facebook.com/TheTrumpRepublicans/videos/521023314909330/ …
Irrelevant. But thanks for sharing.
I mean many articles have shown that the "American dream" has moved to Canada. Maybe Americans should get their head out of their asses.
Has anyone interviewed Canadian doctors who can provide nonbiased critical review of their medical & healthcare system? Nothing's perfect!
If we are to emulate the Canadian HC system, I'd like to know everything about it; even the caveats!
just say a video of where Bernie said single payer healthcare would never work. What changed your mind? More money in your pocket? U R a 1%.
Candian doc: I'm sorry you are going to lose your arm

American doc: Also, you are now going to lose your house
Thank  You!
Check out @GOP’s Tweet:
Please have a seat, and we'll be with you in a year. 
She is talking about Obama Care right. If so I really have to agree with her on that part. with that said, Mind your own business lady
All of Bernie's Roads lead to COMMUNISM. Think
Our HC is not perfect n yes there r wait times but no 1 dies from lack of healthcare or goes bankrupt. Americans r idiots 4 not wanting UHC
Bernie Sanders is a fucking joke


FLASHBACK: Bernie Sanders Says Medicaid For Everybody Would "Bankrupt The Nation" (VIDEO) http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/09/flashback-bernie-sanders-says-medicaid-everybody-bankrupt-nation-video/ …
It is not a right. It is a product. The very premise of that video is wrong.
Negligence, when it comes to one's life, cannot exist any longer. This is a violation of one's existence,  therefore healthcare is a right.
Healthcare system is also very inconsistently applied. Most people have no concept of how much our healthcare system has declined.
but we don't care why a Canadian doctor support Medicare for All.. she doesn't have skin in the game here in the USA..
You have to try to understand that some people care about people that aren't themselves.
Might carry some weight if American doctors are supporting this divisive socialist plan
My future health is being negotiated by Oligarchs who see me as just another 'Expendable'! Retired! Fixed Income! Trusted the system!
..wow
Fake news about Canadians going to the US for medical. I can't believe how many people still believe that.
