Quit encouraging the crazy people to do violent things. Be positive instead of negative so we can bring our country back together
When has he ever done this? That is just ridiculous.
Like Trump has not had supporters who have committed violence. When specifically has Bernie encouraged crazy people to do violent things?
You mean apart from exploiting their ignorant anger and ginning it up?
This has gone on far too long, but I must say that Trump actually has encouraged violence at rallies. Bernie never has. I am done.
No need to talk to Bernie about it. The only words he can say are "single payer system"
Single payer is what America needs.
I can't believe how idiotic you are, do you even research what single-payer is like in other countries? It ruins lives!
Just look at the Scandinavian countries. Seems that their lives have been "ruined" by single payer. Yet somehow they couldn't be happier.
Please research culture in Scandinavia before saying idiotic things like that.
How about you have this discussion with Democrats instead?
How about you watch, then he will be talking to you.
See how easy that is?
Bernie talks to All Americans.
Bernie talks to white college students.
Bernie speaks to Everyone. Your just to ignorant to listen.
You keep saying 24 million people will lose health care...what about the 300 million people in the USA? Help fix this!
Did Bernie say ANYTHING new? Or his same old outrage? Never ONE original thought or any action..can we please move on from him?
Bernie incited this week's violence by his hate speech against Trump.
That is absurdly false.
What I said was a fact.
How about Huge Hospitals CARE FOR 20 plus year workers,Great idea
I'll be sure to NEVER watch a show with Sanders, who's NOT a democrat and does not speak for the Party, and is a slimy hypocrite who uses us
If say it's a pretty good thing that he's not a Democrat. Most of them are just as slimy as Trump. If not worse...
Please. Not @SenSanders have @KamalaHarris @RepAdamSchiff @repjohnlewis @MaxineWaters same stump speech for 40 years?
Democrats need to wipe their hands of Sanders and his Looney followers. Kamala Harris all the way. Populism is dead.
A definate discussion to watch!
Sanders people are violent thugs who need to be dealt with. He is the Reason why @realDonaldTrump is president.
So we're going to just ignore the epic failure of Hillary and blame it on the guy who wants to improve the lives of Americans. Perfect logic
You  tried obamacare,,it is now failing millions,,how about explaining who your more valuable then the regular person seeking HC.
HE VOTED AGAINST RUSSIAN SANCTIONS. GEE, WONDER WHY. THERE IS YOUR PROOF PEOPLE-WORKING WITH RUSSIA
Is BS on speed dial? Couldn't find an actual Democrat?
"Actual democrat". As in the slimy politicians who could care less about the people they are supposed to serve? Those ones?
Thanks for the warning. Not watching this Bernie Sanders sh*t.
Do Republicans realize they are killing off the people who they already lead? I wonder what they think will happen in the long run??
I like the ACA in NY state. There does not seem to be anything wrong with it's functioning properly.
Ugh, why not get an actual Dem instead? Stop empowering this windbag & focus on real leaders. He's just a menace at this point. Hard pass.
"Actual Dem". As in one of the slimy politicians that could care less about the people they serve? The ones more interested in selling out?
Bernie is fighting for healthcare GOP is fighting for wealthcare
Keep up the great work Bernie.
Dear Sen. Sanders, Please pace yourself.  You may find yourself to be the face of the Dem. Party:  don't wake up in a cold sweat!
It doesn't matter where it comes from. We need healthcare for all. No more being slave to job.
Is this what you want America to look like?
Your people demonstrated violence though out the election. you're responsible
"Battle"
Everybody plays a fool no objection to the rule!
Astonishing! The Senate has not seen the new HC bill. I've never heard those words uttered before.Thanks BS you encourage me to be thankful.
Good. I love Sanders! I'll keep him along with 1 more Independent, 3 Democrats and 1 Republican. Everyone else in #Congress has to go.
Don't need to start Father's Day with a yelling gasbag who abandoned his son.
@SenSanders a reason to not watch. You have plenty of real Dem reps to invite, you call on TrumpLeft.
Why in the world would I watch that backstabber?
Let's talk about you retiring, instead.
No way.  No Bernie. So sick of him.
Glad to know,just another reason not to watch.Never mind he's NOT a democrat,but he should just get it over with & join republican party.

Why haven't Dems proposed imploding ObamaCare repairs? They don't care about healthcare - just re-elections!
Why isn't he waving that scoldy friggin' finger at his GOP colleagues?  What an all talk no walk grifting fraud.
Will anyone mention that California is on the verge of what all 1st world nations ALREADY have? |#UniversalHealthcare #MedicareForAll #SB562
wake up obama care was a lie from day one how did that pass a bunch of crooked politicians passed that how foolish lyin is not ok GOT IT ???
as long as you continue to give this old gasbag a microphone I will continue to NOT WATCH YOUR SHOW. there are solid Dems you could have on
The money you blow Mr. Sanders trying to win an election I think can better help the ones needing it elsewhere.Think about it.
Who?  the ignorant know nothing sanders?
He's constantly missing it
That's all this Hypocrite does is talk. The dems allow him to talk because he was cheated during the election and they want to hold base???
Ask him if Jane ever found those tax returns and how is the college thing working out for them and their bank account.
The only reason msm talks to Sanders about healthcare is because they're out to get Trump
Where is Sanders Medicare for all plan?  It's been 3 months since he said he'd have it ready in 3 weeks. All talk no substance.
It's not even his. It's the plan Jon Conyers has been bringing to the floor for decades
President Sanders 2020
Please Bernie, refrain from claiming Republicans wickedly wish to kill old people, allow sick to suffer and millions to die, like you did.
Sorry I stopped listening to anything coming from Sanders. He has no loyalty and he is now a freeloader bashing Dems left and right.
Nope. He's a broken record.
Thanks Sen. Sanders- single payer for all!!
You know Single Payer failed in Vermont while he was Sen there? He's pushing fairy tales to the gullible and taking your money, and USES us
Hard pass! Fuck Bernie!
There are actual Democratic Senators that you can interview!Damn I'm as sick of his face as I am of Donald Trumps
That would be a good time to introduce My NEW Democratic Platform Proposal... See how it shakes out...
Great now get greed out of the people
Kick some ass Bernie
you're delusional.
Support term limits
I'LL be watching¡!!!!¡!¡¡¡¡!¡¡!
That's right Bernie use words like battle.  Your encouraging the Civil War in this country.
Bernie has done more to try and unite the people of this country than anyone in Congress.
He did a fine job with his follower that shot up the Senators in VA
Obama care is dead so what is he going to talk about
Gonna start with it being a failure as it exists
. Won't b watching the two faced lieing liberal Lover
Bernie never incited violence.
We cannot have a healthcare bill which benefits only the rich and leaves 23 million people without care
Only 11 million receiving benefits the rest have it because it's cheaper than the fine. If given a choice they would opt out
We are counting on YOU, Bernie!
and he's counting on all of us.
He can count  on me to expose him for the unaccomplishrd  loudmouth  that he is
Carl Sagan "Americans r reluctant 2 acknowledge uncomfortable facts of their history/ US last major nation 2 end chattel slavery/US violated
more thn 300 treaties it signed 4 rights of Native Indians/US invented nuclear weapons only nation 2 explode them anti civilian populations
Cruel, unbelievable cruelty.
utter madness... if people can not pay for rent from a 40 hours jobs -how do they all pay for medical ?!
Why should my neighbor be able to force me to hand over money I have earned? You are advocating for theft.
Please ask Rubio if it is true that he, along with other Senators,  sold his AHCA vote in exchange for Trump's Cuban restrictions.
And Sanders is the opposition in this "battle"
Step down your a fraud!
The man it's to Looney
Thank you! Soooo important
I like his car ! It's not fair he has a better car then mine
Set the V C R.
Then tell the Gov't to stop stealing my money for Medicaid if I can't have it too.
No thank you. Sanders is part of the problem.
Talk about how the ACA became a Bill. Talk about the lobbyist from the ins. companies and the pharma. industry paiding off politicians.
I will watch when sen. BS drops his insurance and gets owawacare.
Now I know what not to watch.
Senator Bernie Sanders is my personal friend and Afzal does not forget his friends. But Pakistan has to work with any U.S. govt.
There is no healtchare battle. Obamacare is dead. There is no option anymore. Get over it and get something new on the table
#FakeNews with a #Fake99%er We at the HP will pass.
Sanders hasn't seen healthcare bill or is really sure what's in it. It's top secret so can't be anything but speculation
Great! Bernie will talk about his plans to halt the Senate until the bill is done in public and amendments offered in hearings. Right?
Right. And I can fly. Blustering Bernie. Arrogant  and self righteous.
Make it a point to miss everything & everywhere @SenSanders appears.
But you do make a point to read his tweets/retweets and tweet about them.

Wyatt: "For all those attorneys who conspired, like Gloria Allred-go back to law school." https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
Not a battle when it's only one side
He's the best.
Why does the US Gov't support this evil In #Yemen ؟
Saudi-led coalition has bombed civilian areas incl. markets, schools & hospitals killing thousands. #StopArmingSaudi https://www.hrw.org/StopArmingSaudi  
Actually, we do care what he has to say. He is not going anywhere. #FeelTheBern
