The bill that @RandPaul suggested is the best option. Creates best buying power situation without forcing anything on others
No, the best option is either a public option or universal healthcare plan.
No.. Making people to pay for others is wrong. Charity is not done by threat of force.
Why is it "wrong" for our tax dollars to help the less fortunate? Unless you are cool with letting people starve and die in the streets...
It's wrong to force that on others. When taxes are increased, who suffers most economically? The poor. Create more poor by taxation? No thx
Universal healthcare won't even cost much more then what the government already spends, and the economic boom from it will easily pay for it
Let me put it this way. Would you agree that it's OK for me to take your money by force as long as I promise to use it for cold meds?
And yes, I would be ok with that. Because every single other modern nation has universal healthcare and it works.
That's right, full repeal now . . . no "replace".

No socialized medicine in America.
There is literally no reason not to have single payer healthcare.
Unless you are personally volunteering to pay for the entire system, there are billions of reasons not to have communist healthcare.
Name the reasons to not to have it. And it isn't "communist" when every single other modern capitalist nation has I.
Socialist / Communist . . . same thing.  The reasons are many, but require too much space for into in this format.  It is not capitalistic.
That is completely false. Socialism is left wing capitalism with strong social safety net and regulations but communism is complete control.
Communism is merely a political system, like fascism, where socialism is the underlying economic system of both communism & fascism.
No, that isn't true. On the far left, you have communism, and on the right, capitalism. Socialism is left wing capitalism.
Lol Obamacare is failing. Get a grip old man.
Which is why Sanders wants universal healthcare,
Lol he wants the federal govt to control more of our lives. I'm for the exact opposite of that.
How is the government going to control your life by paying for your health insurance? If you don't want that, buy your own insurance.
Haha when the govt controls HC (or anything for that matter) the decision is made for me. Like Obamacare exchanges only having 1 insurer.
If you don't want the public plan, then buy your own private plan. That is what happens in countries with universal systems.
Repeal Now, we want free market, i can't afford the lie ACA. i long for the old days pre ACA. More govt involvement more$, worse care.
You spelled ACA wrong
True, government has no place in health care.,. Obama care was worse. Repeal,
After repeal you forgot to say how the GOP should stop trying to pass a bill no one wants. I mean if government should stay out of it & all
Then I may consider it, until then have a basic level and catastrophic coverage... It will hopefully be cheaper.
Catastrophic coverage was far less before Obamacare. A supplemental cancer policy was available for ~$20/month in the 1990s.
Please define Christian for me.  Republicans definition and mine are world's apart
What does Christianity have to do with being a Republican?
Obamacare is fatally flawed and no small tweak here or there will undo the massive damage that it has already done to the country.
You Democrats created a mess with Obamacare and left Republicans to try and clean it up! Shame on you!
Obamacare was a republican idea in the first place, but because its Obama who did its horrible and they hate everything about it.
Typical liberal. When your ideas fail miserably just blame someone else. Obamacare is anti-American, thus anti-Republican
Wow Brandon, please try and be more stupid. I dare you. But then helping people is apparently anti republican and anti american
By "Republican bill" you mean "basically exactly Obamacare"? Because it's terrible. The gvrnmnt can't be trusted with something so important
Huh, and yet it was OLOSERCARE that tore my existing HC Plan apart. It was OLOSERCARE who doubled my insurance premiums. Shut Up Old Man.
Dude are you for real playing blame game while obama and his admin plus the Dems destroyed healthcare over the last 7 yrs tour delusional

You spelled Obamacare wrong.
Shut up old fart!  Look at Venezuela
Work on your own party before you start bashing the GOP. Talk about fatally flawed.  Disagree with Hillary and that could be fatal.

Government can't fix healthcare
https://youtu.be/qBfC1YG9wIs 
Anything would be an improvement on Democrat crafted,fatally flawed Obamacare. This is why it must be totally repealed.
Then GOP should do nothing & let the Obamacare fiasco implode all by itself. Dems won't work with GOP to get a good bill. Party of NO.
You mean like Oslama health fiasco that wrecked my daughters life?
The massive damage to the country has been done by Obamacare!  What's wrong with you people?
Bernie needs to worry about his own problem with staying outta jail for bilking taxpayers
I say let it crash and BERN.
And the original train wreck that the previous admin passed was NOT flawed? What is in water up there in the Green Mountains?
No small term here or there will fix #Obamacare either.  #RepealAndReplace #BankFraudBernie #FeelTheBern
I can no longer afford health insurance thanks to Obamacare. The bill that had to pass to be read - you signed. You really have some nerve
You wouldn't be able to afford care regardless. Obamacare lowered the rate of premium increases. Regardless, we need universal healthcare.
WRONG!
uh, Ocare is the only Healthcare currently crumbling b4 our eyes.

Don't see you or your Democratic buddies putting in your 2 cents. Instead of being part of the problem, be part of the solution. Very Simple
Single payer healthcare is 3rd party payer. This doesn't work. 3rd party always drives up cost.
Immigrants, don't vote for what you fled

https://youtu.be/10uX2EhSflA 
YOU MEAN OBAMACARE?? ALL U WANT IS SINGLE PAYER! AINT GONNA HAPPEN BERNIE
And you lie as much as @HillaryClinton. Like two frauds in a pod..... or cell... future prison cell...owned by Sessions & Bannon.
Obamacare*
Bernie what planet u live?Common people like me pay sky high premiums and deductibles under O care.U have money to buy ,we don't.Get a grip
R U talking about the Ocare that you dems have been touting abt for years r u admitting that this forced fed care has been BAD ?
Everything U said is lies just 2 support Dems that cheated U out of the election,& U rolled over 4 them, shut up & retire #SellOutSanders
Aaahhh the man who sold himself to crooked Hillary
Aaahhh the man who sold himself to Hillary,
So was obamacare. They don't do what was promised.obamas was just to make middle class & wealthy pay for the poor or not inclined to work
@CharlesMunn1  Thank Y for being on the ROLO Senator...Awesome Bird!
@CharlesMunn1 2008 Sailors Automotive Financial Sectors...Rand Paul Vectors Risk migration Health Pensions...Musk Heed AI Future
It's terrible. But it does help more than ACA will in about a year.
O-care LAW so flawed GOP trying to replace before collapse. Hope it doesn't pass. Let O-care fail. Blame belongs to you Hillary & Obama.
http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-obamacare-charts-20170104-story.html … lol. Replacing aca with ahca is like replacing  medicine thats losing effectiveness with poison.
How long are we going to Allow THIS TRUMP DISTRACTION to continue.  The Family Slipped into THE White  house,  like Snakes.
Bullshit

#BernieSanders #HillaryClinton give it up my god. You're as corrupted like every other president that was in office.
so you actually know about its content (if it has any)? Impressive. I feel so sorry for you Americans right now, wish I could help impeachmt
The "country"? How many people are really benefiting from Obamacare? And how many that signed up is NOT how many have actual coverage .
Typo
Your bank fraud will hurt millions!! You are a dead beat cheat Bernie! A CHEAT!!
Sounds like OCare
Thank you for caring and working so hard for us. 
You ignore the massive damage ACA has caused just to spin a rant. You pessimistic troll. Start offering a solution instead of BS.
Obuma is the one who did damage to the country in the first place with the unaffordable care mandate.  You're really crazy, aren't you!?
The #Republican bill is #Obamacare supersized. With the amount of entitlements you would think the #GOP were #Democrats. #Repeal
True...damage done by Obamacare will be hard to repair.
The damage was done by Obamacare.
With all due respect Sir, the only thing flawed  here, is the inability of you and Hillary to join forces to defeat this Gangster. Loss
Annnndddd Obamacare did what?????
You're right...nothing can fix Obamacare except full repeal. If you want socialized medicine move to Canada.
really, the one that hasn't been put to use yet? The aca is a POS & doesn't work, but that's ok because it the dems shitty bill
#Getonmyhealthcareplancongress
Yeah it's flawed just like the ACA, let's get government out of healthcare !!!
The ACA only works if you don't.
Bank...fraud.
You mean the massive damage that Obamacare has done#demhealthcare
What damage are you referring too? And Sanders doesn't like the ACA. He wants single payer.
Maybe the fact that 10's of millions of people can't afford to use their insurance? I don't know there's so many issues
you lose again, lol. How was your honeymoon in the Soviet Union?
Has Obama hacked old Bernie's tweeter account?
You are fatally flawed just like Obamacare!  REPEAL OBAMACARE, don't replace!  Gov shouldn't be involved in healthcare at all.
Just so you know the president and all the lawmakers are the biggest welfare recipients
And I hear one more time in American telling somebody who immigrated to this country to go back to their country if they don't like it think
And if you have a brain you will remember where you forefathers came from you all are immigrants and stole the land from the Indians
To all the rich people just remember you can't take a penny with you when you die and you will die like everybody else
And I also hope that anybody would takes a tax cut who is rich should look them selves in the face and say do I really need that extra money
I've never wished anybody anything bad in my life and I don't wish to wish anybody bad but I hope you all lose as Republicans
The Republicans should be stripped of their healthcare all the law makers were so careless and so centered
We have no money for healthcare but we can freaking build more bombs and more weapons in any other country in the whole world  no healthcare
I better get ready then the end of the world is near.
You telling me that we have no money for healthcare but we can spend money on a president traveling wherever he pleases and his whole family
Correction: Replace Republican with Democratic. Sigh. Much better.
The ACA and universal healthcare are infinitely better then the dumpster fire that is the AHCA.
That's like saying to die in your sleep is a better way to being set on fire. One is more peaceful but you're still dead in the end.
You bought and sold so walk away
If you want to see damage to our country turn you and your twisted ideas loose and our country is done sanders
The AHCA has a negative approval rating in every single state, and nationwide, it has a 17% approval.
Cause of death? Trump-Ryan-Cruz Syndrome.  Also called Republicanitis. This should be on every death certificate and tombstone.
#bankfraudbernie, what are your suggestions? I haven't heard your input to make Obamacare better. Like bring down costs or out of pocket $$
He wants universal healthcare. Have you been living under a rock?
Hey Bank Fraud Bernie, nothing can do more damage than you did by taking MILLIONS of DOLLARS for your FRAUDULENT CAMPAIGN!! Dead beat crook!
Aww, you actually believe those allegations? That's cute.
It can't  hurt  the  country  anymore  than your  election
Republicans should be ashamed of their efforts on HC. It epitomizes the toxic political environment in DC that Americans hate.
You know you have to do. Get all Democrats and at least three Republicans to vote with you against this despicable bill.
Stop down grading it and do something constructive to help. No more politics!
Do you think a clean repeal is the best way forward?
SINGLE PAYER, BERNIE! Where is the BILL????
Because talk is cheap! Let's see some ACTION! @SenSanders
Well since it's ACA light maybe we oughtta just scrap a system that forces Americans to buy things against their will altogether.
Obamacare started it all, never forget what he did to us all
@DNC @nancypelosi
Where were you last 7 yrs, you fraud(s).
Why did you vote no on Russian sanctions when we are under attack?
It's easy to look up. He made a statement on exactly that.
My point is he should have voted yes
Bernie!!! It's a Democrat Bill and it's killing the country as it stands! So you're saying it should flat out be repealed as written??
It's morally flawed. Republicans are no longer a legitimate party. As fervent as you are in opposing this evil senator you still sound weak.
#FullRepeal is the best deal
Are you kidding? Our healthcare is literally the worst care in the modern world. It was even worse before the ACA.
Bernie, Obamacare was fatally flawed and you passed it, even without reading it!
Meh
And another Illinois democrat begins cleaning his guns. Maybe the hyperbole is getting old there Bernie.
You misspelled #ACA
The ACA had some issues, namely that it wasn't universal healthcare.
You misspelled Obamacare
Haven't read it.  Please tell us what you like/don't like about it
i wish clinton would have choose you as vp, we wouldn't be living this crazy,shamed nightmare, call trump
In English please.
Bernie are you tweeting this ?
Maybe if you complain hard enough, something will happen...
You keep throwing buzzwords, aren't you the same guy that said Terrorism is directly related to global warming? Buzz off man.
exactly
Bernie is time for you to go
Not going to happen. He is literally the most popular senator in the country.
He will go
Fix ACA or better yet, Medicare for all.
How about the 20 trillion dollars debts? And you wanna give out more freebies?
If every single other nation can afford it, why not us? And universal healthcare wouldn't cost any more, and would help the economy.
Faux Robin Hood= Bernie Sanders
They don't care. They don't answer 2 the pple. They know their brainwashed voters will vote them back in as long as they give them a target.
Still not giving credit for your "new plan," to it's rightful owner. Hillary Clinton!!!
Why would a person who hasn't committed a crime to jail?
So they tweaked it to make it worse? Only the GOP.
Can't wait for you to release your bill! We have the momentum! The time is clearly NOW! #WeThePeople
An amendment won't fix O Care. Dump it and start over with a Capitalism approach.
I agree! A capitalistic approach that uses a single payer to keep costs down and access for everybody. it's called #SinglePayer
They need to stop lying by calling it Bettercare. It in no way shape or form better. Call it TRUMPCARE since he wants his name on everything
Hospitals bill $2200 to insurance companies but $5500 to individuals for same service. Fix the issue, not the symptoms!!!
Senator, edit your tweet, my Friend; it's missing a word. :)
One big tweak will do it.  Right into the trash can.
Sounds similar to another healthcare bill from 2009. But I'm sure you voted against that too.
What are the similarities?
Current social security payments you make are not saved for you. They are used to pay current recipients. Doomed to bankrupt itself.
That's how the health care bills are similar?
My bad. Wrong tweet reply. The similarities are that they both suck. Neither truly embrace free market principles.
Plus the mandated coverage of preexisting conditions by private companies is fiscal suicide.
Right, but that's the point of mandated coverage for all. I don't like that idea from beginning but that's why it was enacted...
Because the healthy people with less care subsidize costs of riskier patients, people that need it most.
If someone cheated against me and kept me from achieving a long life dream I would condemn them daily and endlessly. Y do u endorse that?
You should absolutely move to Canada.
Face of Bernie as long as it's not free you're not for it.
Nobody expects you to be for this bill
I don't even know why you're talking
Any Republican Bill will be hot garbage.


they, the rotten rePUSlican 
Gluttons
Over
Poverty cou!dn care less!!
Your staff needs to hire a proofreader.
Hillary is a corporate shill. People like you have blinders on. Any politician who accepts corporate money is inherently corrupt. PERIOD.
@SenateMajLdr Jeekers, McConnell, give it up! Just Tweak and Fix Obamacare and stop with the foolishness.
There is no tweaking or fixing a deeply flawed multi player system. #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
It already shows great promise in fixing the massage damage done by O-Care
Fatally being the operative word.  Its fatal to most Americans.
It's still Obamacare Bernie so it's nice to hear you admit that Obamacare is a disaster
The GOP are ruthless mass murdering scum.
Quit attacking stuff your ego reach out to craft a bi partisan bill
"Let me help you finish the expression!!.."will undo the immense damages created by  OBAMA as the destroyer in chief " now we understand!!
I'm just going to leave this here:
Says the guy who lost to someone under investigation by the FBI, wait so is your wife, coincidence?
Interesting that the investigation was instigated by a Trump campaign advisor, probably to distract from Trump corruption
"She did a great job in Burlington College," Sanders.  Until it went bankrupt.
My, what a detailed analysis. What a beautiful distraction from the damage the GOP is trying to get away with.
I didn't want too much info, Russia, Russia, Russia.
Do you wish more detail about the Russia scandal?
Would you like detail on Russian business connections, favors extended to Russia, pro Russian rhetoric or election shenanigan coordination?
Yes, can you give me the details of the Clinton-Russian uranium deal?
Senator Sanders I agree.  Millions of Americans will lose their healthcare coverage under the Republican healthcare plan.
It must be stopped now!
Replace "Republican" with "Democrat" and this is still true. Just goes to show how awful and counterproductive partisanship can be.
wish the US had you and the UK had Jeremy Corbyn
Proper rock n roll revolution of humanity, instead of the Idiot King and Queen.
Can't be any worse than the damage done already
At first I misread it to say “party” instead of “bill” and it works either way.
Fatally flawed. Exactly like Obamacare. What are you complaining about? Oh, which house are you tweeting from?
Looks like the ACA isn't so fatally flawed
Lol Bernie Typo
YOU DON'T KNOW THIS - WE HAVEN'T HEARD FROM CHACHI.
You could easily switch out "bill" for "party" and still be 100% correct.

Like the ACA.
Except that's not doing too poorly
Tell that to monopolies it's created in rural states that are left with only 1 insurer. Or the millions of people who's premiums doubled.
Typo
Interesting that the investigation was instigated by a Trump campaign advisor, probably to distract from Trump corruption
Allegedly
#Saudi with weapons of #US killing beautiful Children of #Yemen Why? @NickKristof @hrw @UN @UNReliefChief @tedlieu
28 months of #Saudi aggr on #Yemen have created what the UN has described as the world's largest humanitarian crisis
No one in #Yemen can count on a job,
No one has food ,OR money to seek medical assistance .
@AP 
#EndYemenSiege 
If it's about "human rights" then why does the media cover Syria & not Yemen (world's worst humanitarian crisis since WW2)?
