Maybe you and all your cronies in DC need to use the same insurance that the American people do. Will save a ton in tax dollars!
Medicare sucks over private insurance.  No dental, no hearing aids, shitty prescription coverage. Is this what our elderly deserve??
Thank you for RT'ing this, Kim, as it is both so very true and so very important for people to realize/understand.
no, thank you! spreading awareness is one way to get things done. 
This very true. Even if some people are unable to do anything else to help--we are ALL capable of helping to spread awareness!
Aren't you the Viet Nam liar? We trust you so much.
Then maybe you and the rest of your government friends should stop pushing heroin
So we pay for their screw ups
Addiction is NOT a 'screw up'!
How is it not a screw up? You made a conscious decision. To abuse drugs and alcohol.
I have lived with addiction for 35 years. There is nothing you can tell me about it
Once an addict always an addict no matter how long you stay clean
$3.2T annual price tag. Will require taxes double
so when your family doesnt wamt to help you any more because youve burnt every bridge the gov should now shoulder the cost? forget you
I'll willingly pay (taxes) for #MedicareForAll when we require 100% of recipients to exercise 3X+ per week and be #BMI compliant!
Sounds like a police state to me
You mean like confiscating & redistributing wealth to Corporate Patrons, Institutional Entitlement Recipients and non-Citizens for votes?
Something like that, yeah
Nancy Reagan did a much better job with drug addiction epidemic by "Just saying no!" Check facts obamacare/vet care=failures
Stop addiction by stopping doctors from prescribing the addicting meds that get people hooked when a non narcotic will work just as well!
FYI..there is already FREE treatment for those who want it. It is called AA, NA, OA, etc.   Did I mention it is FREE and not gov't sponsored
Dream in there bud. It would take 2 years to get approval for a treatment. Poor people have access to healthcare thru medical/Medicaid.
BIG TIME I'm a long-term survivor
So Medicare For All includes all sitting members of Congress? No special carve-outs for politicians this time?
Serious question from a conservative. How does this all get paid for?
I can't seem to find a link to the bill. Has anyone read it?
Don't forget those like me who battle mental health issues daily like Anxiety, Depression, and ADHD, Senator.
Who put this stuff in there mouth they did RIGHT
R U going to be on OBAMACARE IF NOT SHUT UP! U don't want that garbage OBAMACARE BUT ITS OK FOR EVERYONE ELSE! U have no CLUE!
And for the loved ones of those Battling addiction
I'm waiting on a plan for how it's going be paid for????????
If they don't have health care you just give it to them for free
You and all of Washington are battling an addiction to America's tax dollars. Am I right or What??? Also lied about being a Vietnam Vet.
Fix the ACA idiot. Socialized medicine sucks. #FIXACA instead.
Thank you @SenBlumenthal for support for Medicare for all
@SenSanders Yes Medicare for all is the only way to go.
Make it happen! it's not political - it's healthcare! @TRANDERSOL building for a sustainable and resilient America. It's time - let's build.
Why is healthcare RATIONED in some areas of the country Richie? You're the answer man TELL ME!
What a joke! A friend of my sister was told that Medicare would not cover her cancer treatments because she would be 70 in less than 1 year.

Never let a crisis go to waste in order to take more power from the people. You need counseling, or a jail cell.
Not true...to save money the Feds will refuse to treat the obese, smokers, or addicts.  Maybe not at first but it will happen.
Your level of ignorance as an elected official is shameful.
U aware Medicare doesn't have a distinct category for substance abuse?  go make a list of CD providers that are taking Medicare.
What about US troops guarding opium fields in Afghanistan?
YES,stop helping addiction
I worked hard all my life, finally qualified for Medicare ,it only covers 80%, my husband and I had to buy  a supplement.
That's costing another  $700.00 a month  had to use it  this year and I still had a $200.00 deductible thanks to Obama,  we are on  SSI.
It's coming to the point , do we buy  insurance or food? I wish Obama could walk in  my  shoes for just one  month,  he would probably die.
Anyone recall an opioid epidemic before obamacare?
It also helps those who are basically healthy... s#!t happens!
Government is such a great substitute for extended families, charities and personal accountability - who needs that when we have Dick B.
I work in healthcare, you Do Not want to be put on Medicare!!
How to pay for it is rarely mentioned: INCREASE taxes on rich and corporations - ALOT
Physicians are DROPPING Medicare daily due to horrible reimbursements. #Repeal ObamaCare.  Get GOVT OUT OF HEALTHCARE
Who's paying for it?
Thank you @SenBlumenthal !
Richie Richie Richie there you go again any idea on how to pay for it?Yeah just like anything else we'll let our kids worry about that
Was the crucial treatment of veterans w/in reach when the VA was backlogged? No. So why should we trust your conscription of services?
Until the rationing begins.... incentives and supply and demand still matter.
You don't want border control, but you want to pay to treat the drugs being brought in.  Hypocrite.
Over $30 Trillion (that's 12 zeros) in 10 year cost per the Urban Inst.--where does that come from in addition to current unfunded mandates?
USA can't afford it & one shouldn't take budgeting advice from a long time #Connecticut Politician. CT is a corrupt, drug infested disaster.
Please don't let them harm my son in law 
Cancer and has ACA
This should be a 3 headed approach: cut off access to illegal drugs, manage prescribed drugs from doctors, better treatment for the addicted
U could care less about opioid addicts....they are just a pawn after congress let it get out of control...to move your #libnazi agenda #maga
Thank you for supporting #MedicareForAll We patients need help! PLEASE SEE PETITION & HELP US #OpioidSolution #PAIN
Don't put in mouth inject it or snort it or you on your own
And who is going to pay for MedicareForAll?   Let me guess.
Dies anyone think for 1 second anyone in Congress will actually be taking Medicare for themselves?
Govt went broke running a house of Ill repute. What makes you think running healthcare would fare any better?
those battling addiction can do it the old fashioned way...  #ColdTurkey
Just they have done for yrs in this country let's worry about the drug addicts first the hell with the people that work for a living
Let the addiction lead to death. We are ALL aware of the consequences of heroin and crystal meth. Guess what MOST OF US DONT TAKE IT.
Can we save and stabilize the ACA first?  I'm with you.
#MedicareForAll would put addictive prescription drugs in reach too, dip
We MUST have treatment centers that actually TREAT addiction. A 72-96 hour hold facility isn't going to achieve ANYTHING but delay.
Sounds good for citizens +those legal to be here.
Your garbage party wants more illegals, protects criminal ones and wants us to cover them
Bernie:
Just keep running up that bill for the middle class. It very easy to slip into being low income.
AND SO IT SHOULD!!!!!!
You guys look more foolish every day we don't need your communist ideas in our country
Florentine doesn't qualify! Never did! @Disney b addicts addictions practices! Unlicensed working unfit b performer career ended 07 check©
Not hiring property squatters scam using illegal practices of Rochford petaARDCfrauds! No European Union  ever allowed to exist™®©
If they had made good decisions, addiction would not be an issue.
Then why aren't you working with Republicans to provide this?
