Preach your socialised propaganda there Bernie! Your sheeple love it when you give them free stuff they aren't untitled too
Who isn't entitled to life?? Are you more deserving than others? The Bible would say no..
Oh I missed the part where Jesus said enslave medical professionals cause it's my right
I see a bit more where you're coming from. I think the solution is not by making medical professionals work harder but elsewhere.
We've gotten so used to the lower and middle classes fighting over pennies. There's a bigger pot out there. And it's not the working class
Exactly right, it's people like Bernie with 3 lake houses, paid for by your tax dollars
Hey bird brain  the insurance company already controls who get treated
Um actually they don't but it's ok keep drinking that socialist cool aid... if it sounds too good to be true...
Agreed.  You can't have Life, Liberty, or even peruse happiness if you're terribly sick and cannot get treatment.
Liberty has nothing to do with being sick & the right to life means nobody else has the right to take it.  U have no right to other's labor.
Well that's a pretty twisted view of things.  You have no right to deny sick people their right to healthcare.
So you're for the enslavement of doctors and other healthcare workers then? After all, their labor is your right. Least you're honest.
Well based off of what you just said you're definitely not honest.  I don't think you realize that doctors would still be paid.
Paid what the government allows right?  I mean we can't let evil healthcare professionals determine prices, cause, ya know, "rights".
Also, you're blatantly overlooking that drug companies extort people compared to countries that NEGOTIATE with them.
Talk to the FDA.
Right, so let's bring down the cost of healthcare and not raise it with other ppl paying for it
Remove the insurance Co billionaire CEOs, other parasites
We only need to break their monopoly and allow competition. Price will naturally come down when you have more supply of healthcare services
Every other country has not for profit health. Cheaper, better care. Not paying CEO to deny care.
Right, where you wait forever for a dr appointment
That is not the case with single payer. Everything stays the same except who pays the bill & you can still supplement with private.
Take away the market pricing mechanism (supply&demand), u get more crony capitalism than u have right now. Price  quality  predicably
There would be no market pricing it would be a standard consistent overhead currently 2% for Medicare. No insurance companies involved.
Well thanks to obama care I can't even see my doctor he dropped bcbs of Florida
Maybe if they could import rx drugs, which you voted to ban, they wouldn't have to. Or vote no on increasing immigration wages would be more
I
I need REAL insurance so I can WORK, not a $300 per/mo. card that gets me nothing but bills they won't cover for my pre-existing condition
The profiteer Repubs take the NIMGB attitude (Not in My Guest Bedroom) as they can pay for any amt of care needed anywhere for elders.
Your a socialist go away
And because of you Bernie Sanders I will vote independent now!
So disingenuous Bernie, Americans see right through your deceptive rhetoric. Every American up to 138% of poverty line has health subsidies.
In countries with government healthcare. Many don't go to the doctor because the won't get an appointment. Why is that better?
Stop with the same old phony talking points.
I have a choice between paying my mortgage or buying my medicine, I have stage 3 kidney failure & RA. Medicaid denied over $40, so no meds.
You will keep losing. American Patriots will defeat Socialist.
Democratic Socialist, and we are here pal!
Putting the word "democratic" in front of the word "socialist" is like "benevolent" in front of "dictator."  Not a comfort.
Remember when FDR brought us out of the Great Depression? He did it with.... *Gasp* socialism
Comparing FDR to Bernie 
Their core values and ideologies are nearly identical. Come back when you have a legitimate argument.
The great depression was a perfect time to take advantage of people via socialism because everyone had nothing.
Hmmm. Since privileged Congress has best hlth ins his whole adult life he wouldn't know hospitals must treat ALL regardless of ability 2 pay
Hospital ER treatment falls painfully shy of meeting healthcare needs. Best outcome live discharge & instructions to see MD. And then what?
Damn right!
And you and your wife should be in jail
"Just say no," eh, Bernie?
Healthcare isn't a right...

#TaxationIsTheft
Right now our tax money is going into the pockets of insurance companies, is that a better way?
Taxation is theft so it's not better. Most of your stolen money goes to wars and into the pockets of war mongers. Regulations cause price ^
It's a shame Americans have to go without healthcare in what is supposedly the richest country in the world. Surely we can do better.
We should be able to!  Im going on second day of no diabetes meds cuz i just cant afford doc visit and script.  I work 50 hrs/week.  It sux
If it's metformin, you could actually go to a clinic
I cant do metformin,  im on glipizide, they had put me on insulin, but i couldnt take the needles, and my a1c is only 8.1.
There is an oral form
I have insurance and have hesitated going I  will still be billed for hundreds maybe thousands. Change cost not care.
Yeah what about eating one meal a day have you thought about that. Have U had to do that? Min wage hasn't been increased since Wagon Train
He certainly has thought about that and is for $15/hr minimum wage.
If you want a $15 minimum wage you better be prepared to pay $10 for a Big Mac buddy!! ~~~~
Sure, whatever.
I resisted going to the doctor 3+ days for what was later diagnosed as appendicitis. Why? Didn't think my parents could afford the bills.
3 pain-filled days and restless nights. Was told if I waited another day, it would've burst, causing even more probs and costing MUCH more.
Americans can't afford to live.
Orphanage so we would be safe. She couldn't keep a job due to being divorced and having periodic migraines. Had no $$ to go to a doctor.
bernie Sanders drug screening can change health care 90% of those on government assistance allows them to afford the illegal drugs they want
Hey you gave "everyone" health care and some especially the young didn't want to pay. You sold out to the health insurers and the ABA
Tired of all the uncaring jerks posting here.  I guess you want to see ppl die.  What the he'll is wrong with you?!!
I had a car accident last night. Air bags and everything. Declined transport AMA because I have a 6,000.00 deductible. Prayed instead 
i can't believe that in a  country like USA People can't afford healthcare. It's so  wrong.
It's wrong to make working Americans pay for freeloaders health care!! ~~~ Typical LIBERAL! ~~~~
They should not be vori g for you either
Done that and now without.
Just responding to get this to 666 replies
Didn't have money to see my endocrinologist, have two weeks worth of pills but appt is next month. Time to start skipping days.
Or paying $1,250/mo as my husband and I each do. With a $6K deductible. ENOUGH! We cannot afford this! Ins cos make BILLIONS
@Jeff Bird   You also missed your spelling classes.
Or having to stretch insulin like I do every day...
Let them  (us) have a visit to the doctor!
Same for food and houses. If you need something they should let you have it regardless of ability to pay.
Maybe they should cuz your doctors give pills out like they tryna to brainwash the nation
"Cut the bills, not the pills."
most people don't go to the Dr until here is something wrong because of costs & what insurance doesn't cover-its sad -PPL scared 2 get sick
That is only the 1% that is doing that , they choose to live that way. We just need to regulate the prices of the pharmaceutical companies.
no credit cards/major debt=bad credit due to medical debt. Only necessary medical care 4 my triplets, all others avoid!!! Prayerful
We should also not be subjected to paying the price for #BigPharma producing new diabetes and cholesterol drugs with nothing but marketing
Nor should they not take them at all!!
Definitely
Americans shouldnt have 3 houses either and then say they are here to speak for the little guys either.........#hypocrisy #hypocrites
Give us your health care plan Burnie  O wait I forgot do as I say not as I do
Hey Bern!  Remember me?  I stole the nomination from you.
Besides, what if a whole pill is too much?  You trying to get people killed by overdosing?
Also, college presidents should not be defrauding banks and destroying the institutions they're paid to manage.
bernie go on chapo
Than tell them to quit smoking gambling and drinking
Like Canadians haven't for decades. They don't loose sleep or go bankrupt by going to the hospital.  
I'd rather someone let me die than be brought to the emergency room without health insurance for real
Correct. Millions of people aren't even taking what they need to take. This is Obamacare that you people fight about. It's all bs.
And pay for their pills - how?
So sad that our elderly  wed to choose within buying oil in the winter or paying for their meds
Or having to pay out the nose for an education to get a better job to be Sucessful.
Have govt employees buy healthcare from exchanges. People will understand quickly what you are talking.
Agreed Sen but proposing a solution with no focus on cost control is not responsible no matter how well meaning ur intent.
It seems the same people against universal care are the pro-life supporters but only while in utero. We all deserve care!
My daughter didn't have insurance and when she finally got some (a few weeks ago) she was diagnosed with lymphoma. It's probably stage 4.
You are going to have to take your message to @POTUS   You won't get this legislation through without him.  He needs the math.

Ignorance is bliss keep preaching socialism and giving undeserving people rewards
I had two health insurances n both denied to pay the bill
Thank you Mr Bernie!
Yeah cause it makes the society that they live in even more insane. #MAKEAMERICAHEALTHYAGAIN
Seth Rich could have used a doctor.
I actually do not go because of money!
Unless its a pain pill and the govt has got all the drs scared shirtless to help their legitimate patients. Heroin is not pain meds Bernie
That's why I don't go enough. I am still paying from last year's mammogram. I won't get another due to the huge bill .
And screw you, Bernard, for holding this as possible b/c you know it won't pass
Well, I do.  Cut my pills in half and half again.
My daughter can't afford copays and she works at a HOSPITAL w a 4 yr degree! Nonsensical
Amen!!

HEALTHCARE PROVIDERS WILL TAKE A HUGE CUT IN PAY, AMERICANS WILL BE TAXED 60% OF THEIR INCOME, AND THE QUALITY OF CARE WILL GO DOWN.
AS LONG AS YOUR PAYING BERNIE, WE WONT HESITATE
They should not be going bankrupt.
What happened over the past 8 years under Obama? Come on Bernie - enough bs and hypocrisy. Pay your bills please.
You don't know the half of it!
LOL
"...they should rely on the top 1% of the 1% to pay for it. "
...I do this
Senators shouldn't be wasting time on legislation that's DOA bec they want to run in 2020.Let's fix #ACA with a bill that can get through.
I totally agree. People need access to healthcare. It's our basic right to be healthy and thrive.
Bernie- make no mistake- Government run healthcare would break the backs of working Americans.
Stop it Bernie, you're selling a lie
You spout this but what have you done to curb the costs.  Worse now than ever.
Gotta get wall street out of the game Bernie.  Without killing R&D and innovation......
All right Bernie! Keep standing up for the vulnerable people in our society! We all need your judgement & wisdom. Too bad you're not POTUS.

Don't forget that ppl also skimp on self care when they need long term care. Health care is more than docs and hospitals
Cue big pharma and insurer lobbyists to run attack ads and ramp up scare tactics. Don't let them win this time. #MedicareForAll
Or because they cannot afford Obamacare deductibles? #scum
But we do 
Some feed there Animals and not buying food.
Or ruining our credit because we have Healthcare bills we can't afford
As a recovering opiod addict, clean for almost 9 mos, I just wanted to share w you, Senator Sanders, eighths..I've had to cut them in 1/8s..
so get us the same coverage you have or stop acting like you care
I have to live like this sometimes
Well they do because they do not have a choice. You pay at time of visit. I don't have that a lot of the time. Thank you for concern,.
Or like me, not getting a mammogram for 4 years because I feared I couldn't get coverage if diagnosed with cancer.
I do that
I love you, Bernie Sanders.  You are honest and committed to helping our country's people!
