It is illegal for anyone to be refused life saving measures in the US. Regardless of medical. To say people die, is fearmongering and lie.
Ppl w/out healthcare do die cuz they couldn't afford to go for routine visits until is too late. Cutting Medicaid and PP well make it worst.
what did the ACA accomplish if people are still dying?  Higher rates for everyone, screwed over others. But hey, as long as a few r ok ~smh
22M were finally able to afford ins but ppl are still dying cuz American healthcare system is about treating diseases not preventing them.
My rates went up, despite having work provided. 13 million lost coverage, and FORCED to use ACA. In a free country, no one shld be forced
And no they don't pay that much more taxes than we do.
"That much"   We pay too much as it is. Netherlands 35.5% tax rate vs US 3% huge difference.
Wow you only pay 3% federal taxes?! IRS may want to look into you
Have an enrollment window. If you don't sign up, get sick, then to sign up after window closes, you can be fined or pay full price (2)
NO ONE, I repeat, NO ONE, should be forced to buy a good or service. No mandate, no fine (1)
And his story shows why we need cheap, no frills policies for major medical problems like his, not socialized medicine.
No. We need universal healthcare. Signed, an American who lived in countries with universal healthcare.
Every prison and dictatorship has "universal health care."  So what?
Unless you're a greedy insurance company CEO I don't understand how someone can object to universal healthcare, and condone this.
Yeah that's not completely true. Not sure where you got that info.
yes it is true.  Single payer decide how much they pay for certain kinds of care.  Waiting periods or no care at all.
I never had to wait. Here it can take me three months to get in just to see my PCP.
And better medical care in general, I'm barely alive and live a miserable existence
You should really hook up with @mishacollins about this. He's got a great story to tell as well and a big following to help spread the word.
Medical care is the ONLY thing which saves peoples' lives. Health insurance puts medical care out of peoples' reach generally.
From Italy these stories look like planet Mars. Here everybody can get public health treatment for free with mostly excellent quality.
Germany too. In pretty much every developed country the people care for each other by paying in a pool. But no, not America the brave.
I'm sure Germany doesn't spend a kabillion dollars a month on welfare for all the criminals in their country
Not sure what you mean. We have social security for people who don't work, we have government funded prisons & we pay billions for refugees.
And now you want the most inefficient & inept bureaucracy in the country to take the reins? No thank you.
How many people has managed health care killed in this country?  Administrators dictating resource allocation instead healthcare.
how about all the people that lost their doctors? that lost or are losing their insurance? that cant afford deductibles under AHA?
Nope.  kill it.  screw the states who pandered to Obama to expand it.  screw them all.  Tell them to get a damn job!
One of the few it saved that isn't wealthy
Let's see, couldn't afford healthcare, but can afford a team of high priced lawyers.  What doesn't ring true with this story?
Bernie, you know by now Republicans don't listen. Keep doing what you are doing, the people will eventually listen. We need our protections!
Citing cases where some, previously barred from care by insurance's hyperinflation of medical fees, now getting a reprieve is nonsense.
Those of us poor working stiffs footing the bill for all this free crap deserve to live in dignity too!Give them YOUR money,a job or SHUT UP
CONGRESS SHOULD REPEAL THEIR OWN HEALTHCARE UNTIL ALL AMERICANS ARE COVERED AS WELL!
No, the Medicaid expansion did NOT save his life. Doctors did. The money could have come from anywhere - he got it by theft.
Rand Paul calls it socialized medicine. Tell that to the rest of the world! We need health care for all!
REPUBLICANS  DON'T CARE....HELLO.
If you want to know what's broken and what's working, talk to the sick first...
How can the superpower of the wrld not providehealth coverage for its ppl? Its jst so absurd to me.UK GER, FR, have had UHC since the 40s'!!
Brazil has uhc. Its prob not great but its there. They have 210 mil ppl and are significantly poorer. Next excuse, bot.
Bernie a fake socialist like obama making millions off of us little people. Screw him!!
Fighting for #SinglePayer is the noblest cause alongside the fight against murderous intervention wars.
And good medical care in general, I'm barely being kept alive
@SenatorIsakson  Please don't take away #Healthcare  of all. Prioritizing values for #America takes effort. I hope you will listen to the us
Our comrade! 
These criminals want to give free drugs to all the illegals to all the illegal drug addicts it's called Suboxone and methadone free high
Amazing, thank you Rusty for sharing and for fighting!
Amen
Well, yeah. Think of all things I could do if I was stealing from people.
I hate your foreign policy but love your domestic one, I voted for you and I am pissed you got screwed by Hillary. Why don't you denounce
Strange days...indeed!
US defaulting on debt would cause a whole lot more peril for American taxpayers. #accountingbasics #usustainabledebt
we'd have much more dignity on a free mkt system free from the negative effects of govt manipulation
So apparently this guy crashes his car and then goes and buys insurance right? Same deal. Not the rest of countries fault he didn't buy ins.
They don't care. All these stories and all these lives ... they don't care. @GOP @SenateGOP
Tens of thousands of the potential GOP healthcare victims voted for Trump.
Perhaps the Dem argument against shouldn't be all about Medicaid. Most of us aren't on it. We'll all be affected by lost EHBs & caps though
Healthcare not being guaranteed for all Americans is a national disgrace even surpassing Donald @POTUS Trump.
TOO MUCH FRAUD!!!!
Nobody looses anything. !!
They will choose not to participate
That's why you should get insurance BEFORE you get sick
They should listen to hard working Americans who pay for insurance but don't have it because deductibles are too high.
Expel Sanders from the senate and send him to jail
Republicans need purgatory. Thank God for purgatory or Republicans would go to heaven without understanding.
sigh, have to realize Ted Cruz Orwellian double speak when you debated him about healthcare & Medicaid saving person's lives................
exactly, chilling we spend huge chunk of Fed Budget to kill innocents in Middle East & appears USA will now kill innocents at home~
Murder thru legislation is still murder
McConnell had polio as a child The Goverment paid for his healthcare . Ryan grew up on Welfare and food stamps .
 TO ALLOW ABLED BODIED WORKERS 'FREE'HEALTH INS ON THE BACKS OF TAX PAYERS IS FUCKING LUDICROUS!!! ACA COST 1.2T #NOMORE
The Answer? #UniversalHealthCare for America!
Great story. That's exactly the message everybody needs to hear & I would hope they would agree with it.
What you don't hear is the many ppl who lost their insurance under ACA.
What could they accomplish if they took that HUGE Tax Cut for the wealthy off the table? Hey @POTUS, think on that? Better care?
They don't care!!
Universal Healthcare or nothing.
I hope he survives. We need people like him #ALIVE & WELL fighting this #fight to save our pple who R already here. Keep them healthy/happy!
The millions your wife stole would have saved some lives too Ccomrade Sanders! Funny how you want no part of the Socialism you're touting.
So important that we hear these stories.
Stop attacking GOP, clean up your own house, wife is accused of fraud. Top 1% earner.
Why do the republicans think young people should have a choice not to buy insurance? What if they get injured? Who pays the cost?  Canadian
They sure should stop listening to the 1% and racist.
What about the people who lost their plans thanks to Obamacare? Do you not care about them or were too busy defrauding banks?
They don't want to know.  They avoid people ... you know, just have them arrested, especially if they're disabled.
@realDonaldTrump, you really should listen to Bernie. He knows what he's doing.  Unlike some people.
O'BUMMER CARE DOESN'T WORK......
are u kidding me?  been able to see all my docs & take care of my diabetes the way any human deserves to do.  #notrumpcare #healthcareforall
Democrats should get their info from better sources. Pushing grandma over the cliff didn't work, nobody listened & now look what's happening
Bernie you should sit this out!  Your in trouble with lies and deception.
Right on cue Bernie. Keep rolling em out. Fight with reality with morality. You are full of it.
#WVPA Rusty has been pivotal in our fight for progress in WV! #GoRustyGo
#CHEMO IS B/S
You pay so low a percent In tax yoh should hush.
Finding out the last couple Days that #TrumpTrolls dont care about anybody but themselves,Just like their #Useless Leader!
A good lawyer might save yours
Of course it did - Medicaid has become socialized medicine. It was never intended to cover all citizens. Refocus back 2 wealth inequalities
Wow! I love this guy. Standing up for Medical Cannabis and Medicare For All.
My first boyfriend was named Rusty Williams. We were 5.
Yeah, that might work if they had hearts.
And #Obamacare screwed up my life. It must be stopped.
FREE COLLEGE? Yeah !!! The one the Mrs. Sanders RUINED? Or do you and the Mrs. Still COMMITTING FRAUD? Glad Hillary got you OUT!
Bernie and his wife are crooks
Gee, maybe he should have been taking care of himself instead of mutilating others.
And Americans need to jobs. There is this wonderful thing called charity for people who need help. How about taking money out of your pocket
Suboxone is one of the number one drugs that these doctors are dealing to all the illegal criminals that are getting it off the taxpayers
It's the scum bags that are destroying the country there are more young criminals on SSI than old people that need it
I won't even listen to this Rederick it's nothing but a tool to Spur communism tax the rich to feed the poor till there's no Rich no more
All this is about is so that they can get free drugs doctors in these health centers are nothing but drug dealers
Planned parenthood=dead baby, Medicaid=live druggy. Huh???
The power of one, Bernie, the power of one.
Government speak Slow in increase = cut.
And that doesn't even start for 5 years. Is there any doubt they'd find a way to stop even that?
I believe the # I heard was, still increase 20% over next 10 yrs. ??? But that's a reason for such hyperbole...rhetoric cutback ?? 
So they can keep well to pay taxes and vote for more unsustainable liberal programs.
No more clowning around. I'm not the Vindicator, Victimizer, Vaporizer or the Vibrator! I'm The Violator! @jaredkushner @realDonaldTrump
“Citizen’s United” “Americans for Prosperity” oligarchy Koch brothers are undermining our democracy @realDonaldTrump @Koch_Industries
Robert Mercer & Rebekah Mercer the Dark Money Behind @realDonaldTrump and @StephenBannon
Why are Democrats not bringing up car insurance.  It would not work any other way.  Would I get it if I didn't have to?  Not likely.
Living in this country, we need to help those who needed.  Health care should be something everyone is entitled to in our country.
#BankFraudBernie this is a lie under Federal Law Hospitals and Doctors must preform medical operations matter what. TERM LIMITS
The GOP doesn't represent basic American citizens. The GOP represents the rich only and supports anything that helps the rich and themselves
Sorry, but they are busy listening to stories of folks who have been pulled through Hell over Obamacare. Nice try though.
The biggest problem, is that the government is involved. Get out of our lives. Government is the problem.
Universal Heath care...single payer....wake up USA....join civilization please!!
We could afford it if the "socialists" paid for their own defense. Obama said he is tired of the "free riders"
Well, they aren't going to; be ready for the worst of the worst from the GOP.
They don't care.  Party before country.
"Dignity" and "Republicans" are two words that shouldn't be in the same sentence these days.
add government option where no insurance , nothing would lower premiums more or faster. #government options o n
Fantastic!  Yes!  I only hope Rusty Williams lives in good health...he's a leader and hero!
Just food for thought, why did you hire a big expensive lawyer instead of getting a public defender?
Statesville help pay for Medicaid sounds fair to me. Aren't you supposed to be in jail yet
#BankFraudBernie
@teka21bat In many ways the US is a third world nation Bernie!
Why should they listen? They don't care. They have same mentality as Hitler's followers.
Says Bernie the bank fraudster?
since we're listening to an anecdote from one guy let's try hearing from the people who lost their coverage due to Obamacare
And the more Rustys we save, the better.
Tried to explain the concept of preexisting conditions to my friend today.She didn't get it.
But then, said concept doesn't exist in Germany
THE GOP DOES NOT CARE, unfortunately.
I am certain your proposal is Medicare for all. Tell the president this and do not wait until 2020 re-election if you care about today!
Stop lying. Its not a cut its a reduction in increase from current levels. Go to Venezuela more your speed.
Republicans don't CARE, this is all about lining their own pockets and destroying anything a black man dared to create!
Thank you Rusty!!! We all need a fire started under us.  A lot of us keep waiting for someone to save us. Were it.
It exhibits you're stupidity to advertise that government is is a functional solution for anything outside of the military. You fraud!
Hey kids...it'll be "free"NOW, but you will pay DEARLY later when the payments come due...but Bernie will be long gone.
More than likely he qualified for Medicaid or other health ins but he chose to not do anything about it till he was sick,fear mongering
The problem is some of our elected officials really don't care about other people.  They value money.
You do realize constantly slamming the ACA isn't helping your cause, right?
ACA didn't go far enough. That is true and a valid criticism.
Bernie what was Medicaid for? Oh you abused it. Those should work capable of going to work should not get it
Was Rusty Williams a college student at your wife's College? If so how much is he owed
#FakeNews
You think Trump gives the first shit about Rusty Williams? No point trying to reason with psychopaths...
You voted against Universal Health Care in the 90's and you bashed Obamacare. You're a hypocrite.
And didn't support Hillarycare. Did you support Conyers?
Yes Medicaid for US citizens not illegals.
Where are you in '93? Oh yeah, voting against it. Grifter.
This is a tear jerker of a story. A must see!
nsidering
Bernie what about the investigation of fraud. That's millions being reported. Talk about fairness.
More parading of the sick, so pathetic Bernie even for you.
So what bernie, maybe use some of that $6.7 million dollars your wifey borrowed and never paid back to help the welfare jerks!
and we finally got to the point of begging for crumbs.  To a billionaire W H.  Insanity.
Give them some of your piliage!
Why didn't he have insurance?
Bernie.  Do us a favor and vote in term limits.  That way you, pelosi, waters, mcconnel. etc will leave.   PLEASE!!!
Republicans are heartless!
Yep, they hate everyone, the sick, children, blacks, browns, elderly. I saw Paul Ryan throw and old woman off a cliff on TV.
Amen. Instead they drum up people hurt they say by it. Biased much?!!!
Maybe republicans just don't care??
I suspect good ol' Rusty voted against his interests last fall.
Depends what his state does.
And it stopped many from being able to use the insurance they pay for.
Well you pay for it when working people can't even go to the doctor unless it's a life threatening event
@GOP should stop listening to the Koch brothers & Co.
Democrats should listen to the majority of Americans that can't afford the obamacare premiums and if they can, can't accept the deductables.
@mickelsond
The surgery saved his life. Medicaid just covered his costs after he decided not to buy health insurance. #berniemisleads
ACA is the only way I can afford my meds, w/o I can't function to work. Keep up the fight. @ToddYoungIN is listening I hope 4 my sake
You get what you pay for. Really think top notch care will go to someone on Medicaid? State care is rationed care.
So should demorats.
There are NO cuts to medicaid in the senate bill. So, your post is irrelevant.
What we need is a single-payer system for all. When people hear "single-payer," they hear more taxes. What they don't hear is "no premiums!"
Does their dignity give them the right to loot my wallet to pay for their health problems? NO! NO! NO! violates US Constitution
Please, Senator Sanders, do something! This insane man is destroying America!
Dignity, humanity and not animals, great speech, thank you
What happens when it goes broke?
(2/2)I won't have a job because i couldn't afford my medications to keep in control Trump and his Sugar Daddies want their way I SAY HELL NO
tell the truth , all of it , b4 u engaging in demonizing everything from across the aisle - you do it all the time
Mr.Sanders as a person with a mental disability, having medicaid is a MUST for me to have control to keep my job and without medicaid (1/2)
I'm not physically able to care for my father (who abused me). When his $$ runs out, he will need Medicaid to cover a nsg. home. #Trumpcare
We're moving in on you Bernie your time is up buddy
Says the Senator under investigation for banking fraud. 
