He's been trying to get everyone on single payer. He's also fighting to protect the millions of people that will lose coverage right now.
Single payer is the way every other first world nation handles their healthcare.
Again, while you're looking at a hundred dude's healthcare they're taking it away from millions. You're focusing on the distraction.
What? Where did you get Insurance going bankrupt? I didn't understand what point you were making about young paying their share either.
He doesn't understand how insurance works.
Thank you for fighting back. Now is time for the @DNC & @GOP to have the courage to represent the PEOPLE, NOT DONORS, with #MedicareForAll
Yeah that's funny.  Good luck with that
How you feeling about all this winning for your party, buddy? Not feeling so hot?
Let's see, 6 billion saved by cutting regulations, the VA is back on track, Paris climate agreement gone, TTP gone,
6 billion saved? With all of the ramped up military spending and tax cutting taxes to the rich, where the hell do you get that figure?
What tax cuts are you talking about? And what military spending? Neither of those have been done. Stop drinking the cool-aid
Deregulation of Wall Street and other corporations and Upping our drone program by over 400% are pretty clear examples.
Is that supposed to be a bad thing? Deregulation and building up our military? If so then you are in the wrong country
Where were you when Pelosi said you can read it after you vote it in?
Hold on to that mic Bernie!!!
It's tiny!  Perhaps an ironic symbol of the efficacy of truths spoken on the senate floor...
Thank you Bernie!
In my country,  W have universal healthcare. Hospital treatment is free. We pay more taxes though,  but all agrees its good arr #healthcare
Bernie we screwed up big-time! You should have been in the White House but we were too blind.  Jokes on us
@realDonaldTrump you that you said you would stand for working m add man.  Veto this criminally unjust bill.  @SpeakerRyan. Bill Sucks
Bernie dear Bernie. Thanks. You saved over 20 million people. You saved the economy. We stand for Social Democracy. #ImpeachTrump #Obamacare
VOTE YES!
You are So Lost!. You don't help the Working Man....
Blabbering about a Bill they don't know what is in it. Resistance
Not to mention jobs lost.
This is one American who does not want to exchange my individual liberties for your stately nets.  Keep your Social programs away from me
Why cant it go nack to how it was before obamacare. The world didn't seem to stop before the unaffordable care act
Norway Sweden and Iceland also are amazing countries they have free healthcare there and free college education for everyone!!
funny how all of you democrats keep throwing a different number out there of how many will lose insurance.  #ACA force 21 million off plans

Thank you for fighting the good fight, Bernie!!
Here's to you for president in 2020!!
Unless there might be a ski chalet in it for you? After all a beach house was all it took to screw millions of your supporters, you weasel.
You're a Great Citizen!!
<<The deshonesty can never be necessary...>>, said O. Wilde (An ideal husband, 1895). Only the people can change that bad situation.
Where is a sound OBJECTIVE  proposal in part of the Democrats? only thing clear are attacks&obstruction. Where is the CONCERN For Americans?
Hope you started with o care first.
Charlie Gard

Hey, Bernie, maybe we should have your wife give some financial advice to the health care committee, she seems fiscally competent ! 
Thank you, Senators, for your service to Americans.
EXCELLENT!!! CONVERSATION ENGAGEMENT WITH Ron Wyden and Bernie Sanders,. the information PoP,s with this type of engagement it was Energizin
Thank you both for working so hard for us. You should've been president@SenSanders..
Thank you!!!
I guess it's the republicans view to " let them die and decrease the surplus population ."
Keep on them Bernie.  Selective genocide coming.
Thank you @SenSanders and @RonWyden for showing us what true patriots look like in these uncertain times. #LookForTheHelpers.
Let's Make America Venezuela Again!
I love this. It plays like a romantic duet of justice
not a health bill republicans just want to take  $ away from it so they use it 2 profit from.selling Americans health

This makes all the major insurance associations opposed. https://twitter.com/jrovner/status/890597282000900098 …
Hey Bernie the retirement home called and asked me if I would let you know.  They are having pudding for dessert tonight.
Great.  Two nuts on the stage at the same time.
Thank you both - we'll keep fighting together !
I am sooo glad you r on r side
Medicaid is going broke! You talk about finance yet your wife bankrupted a college and you've never held an actual job! Get out of congress
I  sooo wish, u were my President.  Not the FUNNY FARM GUY
We got your back, Bernie. Love you.
Again u r a liar.
You were close to making this country a decent place
We exposed reason #JoeRaga died was he found monopolies for Russian Rx makers built into #ACA
#AwanBrothers #CNN #MSNBC #inners #maddow #WSJ
We are so lucky to have both of you and so many other good people looking out for our interests!
Your the one who is disrupted you communist
Give em hell Bernie!
Just think, if your analysis of the ACA had been this critical we would not be having this conversation
I agree with @SenSanders He forbids a system which helps the poorest
Please stop this bill
Introduce amendment to provide ALL Americans with same health coverage that senators and congress get! Put them on the record!!
It's a bit "hot" in the side of the Party you have one foot in and one foot out. Perfect position to piss on everyone underneath.
Poop or get off the pot, that is if you're not deeply shackled in the MIC like I think you are.
How about we expose @BernieSanders berniebank fraud, lies, corruption and corporate sellout while spreading hate and violence!

Too bad the DNC  and crooked Hillary colluded with CNN and others to sandbag your campaign.  Whoops.  Russia, Russia, Russia!
o-care is the disaster Bernie-dems are supporting a failing o-care that is destroying America-It was designed that way because dems=failure
Sanders AND Wyden?  OMG.  At least Merkeley isn't involved this time.
Are you talkin about the ACA??? You are a fraud Bernie. We all know it. Where is your master HILLARY??
Laurel and Hardy---but poor acting.
Let the people decide.
The person who endorses Hillary who betrayed you and your partisans lost his credibility so nobody will listen to your stupid advice
The disaster is that it keeps most of Obamacare
You two are a dynamic team--a real force of truth, exposing this evil plot and standing for truth and the American people.  Thank you!!!
Did you once bring #medicareforall 
It's great to see Senators standing up for Single Payer and fighting for American families.

I am with you my friend.
Man of the American People..
I am disabled from many chronic illnesses and just need to stay alive until my children are all grown. So thank you for standing strong...
And the ACA is disastrous and destructive? You're a loon!
A camel is a horse created by a committee. The more people on board the bigger the disaster.
Time to introduce #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer. Put everyone on the spot to say we have money for wars but not for healthcare.
Thank you Bernie!
Dang I love these guys. Great clip!
We're kinda sick of you Bern
Your awesome , Senator sanders
Thank you Bernie
If ObamCare, your democratic bill wholly, hadn't been so destructive, we wouldn't even  have to try and fix your collapsing disaster.
The fine that is imposed on people is the worst part of the ACA, bottom line.
It's called Karma! What comes around goes around! When your bad, it comes back at you, sooner or later!! This includes the Republicans!
Am I not understanding that Daines is giving what everyone wants and you will not accept?
wow! you two worked real hard on the video! please do one to explain what your health care bill will look like that will be interesting
Anyone with the ability to read & comprehend knows what a disaster this death bill is.  Unfortunately the President has neither ability.
Full repeal. Gov't has no right to make people to buy a product, or to make a provider provide a product. #repeal
ZZZZzzzz....
The biggest distaster is your Marxist Lenin socialist agenda which America rejected in 2016 you remind me of Dathan in the story of Moses
Thank you for working so hard to avoid the repeal of ACA. Nurses are against Trumpcare too!
Get out of health insurance. No govt involvement
Hey Bernie I had to switch doctors 4 times and now have a 1895.00 premium. Way to go. Thanks for Obamycare! Whats in it for the Dems? Hmmm
You're sad Bernie  run again against Donald Trump haha.
I love that my senators are actually trying to work in the public's best interest on this. @SenJeffMerkley Thank you all.
so you are trying to claim that ObamaCare is not robbing working people? if so then you are evil
Oregonians love and respect all the work you're doing. Happy you're doing it together.
And I join you all on twitter to expose the history of Jewish Socialists.
Thank you for your continued and persistent efforts.
Hope y'all stayed after to talk about fixing the ACA or is bashing Pubs all you do now?
@SenSanders This is not "radical" but extreme & superficial legislation. Radical means that grasp the roots of a problem. This doesn't
so proud of Sen Wyden...
Republician or democratic both plans suck on obama care i could not afford the deductible trump care is just as bad
If I had a carrot business and govt. Requires you to buy them... I would want the to keep it that way??? Not the best "ad" Bernie
TO COMPETE GET RID OF BIG INSURANCE COMPANIES SELLING US OUT TO EXPENSIVE CHEAP GOVERNMENT INSURANCE ONE SIZE FITS ALLSLAVE KILLINGINSURANCE
That's my guy! Got to love Bernie.
I watched your show with Senator Wyden on the Senate floor today. So clownish.
Bernie, there must be something in the constitution that allows congress the power to unseat a mentally unstable president. Get Trump out!

Go Bernie!
Go WYYYYDEN! !!!!!!!!!
Doing their jobs these two 
Your EGO & your cult are a big reason why we're dealing with this life/death treasonous mess. Remember your get rid of ACA bs? I do.
Ron is a neoliberal deep state operative who thinks we live in the United states of Israel. not a good look for u Bernie.We will primary him
Those 32 million people chose not to have healthcare before it was paid for by the rest of us.
Democrats just obstruct- with no ideas to help Americans.  The party of Hate, fear, corruption. Bernie- Hillary stole it- and I kissed her a
Oregon's Wyden is an upstanding man! We are fortunate to feel secure that Wyden & Sanders keep our State's less fortunate in mind!
Too much Corrupting in that Room. #VoteThemOut
The Senate should adress a more urgent question, Trumps bullying, and do nothing until Trump treat people with respect. He's not a toddler.
What is wrong with you?
You sure you're not there to confess selling out to Hilary was a terrible idea?
Sorry. We need Universal Healthcare & no more healthcare for profit! ACA=Fraud. Trump care=more fraud! My health is not for sale!
Your health not for sale, but you want others to pay for it? #notMySenator #turnORred #Ny3rdSenator
Impeach trump#make American great again
You Democrats ROCK, keep it up, I believe in you. When it's said and done I'll still be here believing in you. Thank you for your service 
Thank you, Bernie!!
Instead of constantly negating anything republicans are trying to do for the country - try doing your job for the American public. So sad...
Too bad the media is so corrupt. This isn't difficult to explain, It'seems class warfare. Thank you Senators.
Bernie....why don't shut the hell up and admit to the destructive aspects of the most absurd health care bill (Bill Clinton) as well???????
Understand .. but dopey Repub senators don't seem to give a damn.
We love you, Bernie. No one works harder for us than you do:-) Thanks.
Bernie, your shtick is old, your old and demented, I recomend that you and Jane leave the country before she's thrown in prison. #lockjaneup
You the man!
Bernie, the biggest disaster on the floor is you. Hot air.
Bernie-You are a tireless crusader for the America people & our welfare-You are all about what America could be & should be-Run Bernie run!!
Your kinda a nut
I saw this..thought of it before..wondered why it wasn't mentioned and wanted to cry. Thank you gentelmen.
Take those guys down! Killing America one citizen at time is shameful!
Thanks for you efforts in fighting for all of us.
you go bern
All hands must be on the deck to save America & Americans from @realDonaldTrump and his co - travelers.
Love you Bernie! You stand up for all of us including those 45 & his bigot patrol seek to disenfranchise.   #Bernie2020
It's all destructive and disasterous.


Welcome to the #BiggestOldBoysClubOnEarth!? 
"Capitalism is the legitimate racket of the ruling class"~Al Copne 
Bernie Sanders is incredible. Why why why isn't he president?
Thank you for your tireless efforts, Senator.
You didn't care while Obama care is negatively effecting millions of taxpayers who don't want Obama care.
@JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain I just watched you on C-SPAN vote against protections for people with disabilities Casey amndmnt. Shame on you!

Is Canada communist because we have universal health care? Where do you get that BS?
bernie, when are you going to get on obama care, please tell us.
When this all gets figured out that you senators include yourselves in the plan and lead by example
Thank you Bernie for continuing to fight for us & for people with disabilities
Then you communist remove your exemptions. If your goal is single payer then go to cuba or venezuela. You people are vile creatures
Thank you Mr. Sanders for standing up for all Americans!!

Cuba is calling you.

Obuttasscare imploding biggest #Win #MAGA   

we don't care if it fails #CryingLiberals do 

Tick Tock Tick Tock 
Yes it is chud. Ask any other 1st world country.
POS POTUS a major failure in healthcare, and has yet to pass a legislative mandate. He is mentally ill in his obsession to repeal & replace.
Thank you!! True Patriots 
a health care mandate is a fraud extravaganza of addicts; its coming to an end Exchanges created mass vulnerability
Bernie has been fighting for us his whole live. Seeing this is nothing new.
Everyone should listen
Can't balance a budget, no business with 1/6 of our economy! Bankrupted SS and Medicaid!

Troll

It's really not gonna have the same effect when you drop that tiny microphone, Bernard.
Bernie Sanders. Compassionate, hard worker, intelligent.
All those years in the senate, and we have all these problems. Time for a change.
Can we get this man a better mic to drop?
