how is this even a question is 2017. #SoAshamedToBeMale right now.
Being ashamed 2B male is as senseless as being ashamed 2B female. Be ashamed if u don't fight for justice, but ur gender shdn't cause shame.
As a MAN. I'm ashamed I share the anatomy that by definition places me into the same group of humans who support this type of inequality.
Inequality and oppression are not anatomical concepts.
Tell that to the men in charge.
And women. Again, inequality is not confined to perpetrators of a single gender.
My grandmother's boss told her that if she were a man, he could promote her to the position befitting the work she was doing. After 1963.
And no offense, but 1965 is still a far cry from what we see today. Societal norms and expectations of working women completely different
Sounds great! I want your pay, how's that for equal pay?
Well mister 0 followers bot get elected to the senate
Now he has 1. Take that ignorant bot nonsense somewhere else. You loony libs are obsessed, using "bot" insult for anyone who disagrees w/you
Lol that was good for a laugh
As was your ridiculous "bot" comment.
Ru triggered snowflake c  how that works
So when you going to share your pay with  others that get less
This is probably one of the most asinine statements I've read on Twitter him giving away his money isn't gonna fix a much larger problem
You thought wrong. His Democratic socialism is borne out by his 60 plus years of trying to get equality in pay Etc for all of us.
Did he try to become President to push his agenda or did he rollover for some bullies?
Neither!
Lies. He didn't try to become President because he didn't sue the two female bullies who gamed the system to ensure Hillary would win
He lost the primary and got back to work fighting for the American ppl like he has his entire career!
Quit pandering... You own 3 houses and have been in public office all your life.
Bernie and Hitler are both Socialist. Interesting how many Brown shirts Fascists Bernie has
Blah blah
As a female nurse that STILL gets paid less than male colleagues (who often have less experience than me) I agree.
Sue under the equal pay act. Or are you lying? Do they work harder or more valuable? Experience doesn't all the time mean better.
@shittalkinvick why wouldn't you support him?
False hope
Smh lol
It's way over due - damn, it's August 10, 2017.
#LatinaStrong #LatinaWomenEqualPay 
Because all demographics matter,even if leaders choose to ignore that it's not just black & white in USA
Bernie - you need to get yourself a basic accounting class to understand the futility of your statement - real justice means U could B fired
You understanding that we already have equal pay IS the radical idea.
But maybe basic justice is itself a radical idea in a rigged system where the privileged wish to maintain power at all costs?
Did you let @HillaryClinton and @BarackObama know about this "alleged" basic justice Mr. Magoo? @Cernovich @PrisonPlanet @marklevinshow
How many women of color do you employ? What actions, not empty words, platitudes have you taken to bring about #BlackWomensEqualPay? Oh.
How do you know he doesn't?
Are you fucking kidding me right now?
Are YOU fucking kidding me right now?
Redistribute your own wealth before you start telling others that they should give up their hard earned money for those who refuse to work.
There's no equal. Every person is unique. Some stronger, some smarter. Lots of stupid, lazy&drug users. No equal pay. Earn what you're worth
Today everyone is treated fairly,  Bernie causes hate and conflict with these false accusations. Work hard and try your best to succed!
Its called "Practicing what you preach," Bernie, you should try it sometime, instead of expecting others to, when you won't.
Why just black women? Speaking of, how did that woman who bullied you work out? I mean your wife, not Hillary. #backingthewronghorseagain
Justice is what your corrupt wife will get #Socialist Bern
Not in capitalism society... Gov'ts can pay equally but don't either... Gov't should not mandate either..  How's that Company that pays $70K
Equal pay Only EXIST in a Just Society and Economic Paradigm, Not in Capitalism.
The issue is not equal pay. The issue is reestablishing the democracy destroyed by Bernie Sanders.
#AllWomensEqualPayDay It is everyone not just specific ppl.
According to bernie white people don't know what it's like to be poor.
He is wonder what he is saying about his beloved venasula.
you as president is a radical idea.
Black womens equal pay? Are you kidding me? How much insane virtue signaling can you do in one tweet? #BlackDisabledLGBTWomenEqualPayDay
They already have equal pay.

What are you going to to do? Make pay disparity based on race & gender more illegal?  #BlackWomensEqualPayDay
M v F wage gap has been debunked for years. Men work more hours. That's why there appears to be a gap. It's math. Work more get paid more
Yeah. that math doesn't work for salaried employees who still get paid 40 hours wages for 60 hours work. Nice try though.
Unequal pay is a debunked myth
Yeah. So are dinosaurs and global warming.
Basic justice, how about basic living.
. No matter what good happens in this world. People getting together being helpful,  loving, getting past hate!!! Trump could never relate!
Youre finished,  bank fraud is the same thing Debbie wasserman schultz IT guy was arrested for. Seems to be going around
says the guy who makes more in a year than most people will make in a lifetime
if you did his job you would be paid that much as well...
"Women deserve more pay!" -Women
"I've never asked for a raise"- Also Women
Your statement presupposes that men and women start at the same pay for the same job.
No it doesn't, only that you cannot get what you do not ask for.
Hate to tell you, but the old boys club is alive and suck. Men at the top take care of their own gender, always has. The rest is a myth.
Right. So companies that outsource and cut pennies everywhere else, choose to pay an additional "man premium" on labor because reasons. Ok..
Oh see I thought you were talking about office jobs since those are jobs where negotiating salary works; jobs most people don't have.
Right, so most jobs don't, yet somehow someone else ends up making more in a job where you can't make more... that makes sense.
There you go! Because their pay was set higher by the employer without negotiation based on gender. I'm glad you finally get it.

For the same work! THE SAME WORK! He didn't say for EVERY POSITION! Stop supporting this bullshit!
It has been illigal to pay men and women different wages for the same work since 1963. If anybody has experienced this it should be reported
Agreed, but unless they come right out and say, "I'm paying you less for being a woman", how will it be proved?
Pay should be based on performance and nothing else.
Yes! Make @realDonaldTrump an unpaid intern at the White House!
Women hold up half the sky, and more.
No it's not a radical idea, it's just an intellectually disingenuous one. Woman don't earn $0.78, it's a flat out lie.
Yes they do...I do... same job same everything except sex
So Erin why dont you go ask your boss why he's paying you $0.78 for every $ your equal male co worker makes?
Plan on it but I'll b speaking to Human Resources about! Do u think it's easy finding out what your colleagues make? It's not
The fact is if your gender suddenly changed to male you would not be getting paid any more than you were before
I'm sorry but I don't understand your point for all I no this could b something that has fallen through the cracks but it is what it is
Okay well my point is, women are paid as much as men for the exact same work.The pay gap exists because women and men choose different lives
My point is it's not black and white period it happens it happened to me
Pandering at its best!
Pandering implies he's not out there trying to put his hard work and dedication where his mouth is. That's simply not the case.
Earn your pay is a better idea.
I like it. That way @realDonaldTrump is just an unpaid intern at the White House.
Equal pay.. really!! well you are certainly overpaid and so is everybody else in Washington. YOU WILL "NEVER" BS this Taxpayer!
My mommy likes fancy French cheese.
Equal pay for equal work, employment history, work experience and work output makes sense. That's something I can support.
But then again, to some people basic justice is a radical idea in itself.
Ain't Communism either. Ppl in the same industry, working the same jobs at the same rank should be paid the same amount of money. And anyone
Absolutely, and equal funding for public schools is part of the solution #publicschoolproud
Love you man. Keep fighting the good fight.
Why don't you voluntarily switch to Obamacare Mr Everyoneisequal!
Not committing bank fraud or getting rich as a politician while claiming to be for socialism is another good example of basic justice
Can you contact CNN & let them know that they should adopt this idea? Lordy! #DEMentiaRules
The fact that bias systems like this still exist even out of the US all so that some guys (& a couple ladies) can make way more astounds me
You mean a meritocracy? The horror
Yes! I would take that gladly especially if I had a country that was more socialist than capitalist less worried about making money & more
Can we prove pay is unequal? Or is this just another attempt to booster the idea that Socialism is for equality?
Yep! Good thing we already have it! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equal_Pay_Act_of_1963 …
You are nuts!
What the hall do you know about justice? You are a COMMUNIST!
No choice but to quit. It may be illegal, but they still do it.
That must be why Trump wants you to have Obamacare  insurance  so you can get the experience you need of a life time
Cuba is calling you.
I really hope you are not calling for equal outcome.
I'll bet you wouldn't give up your salary or your benefits so that others could have them. You just want other people to give theirs up
Duh
Let's see Sanders pay equally.. Redistribute his wealth
The idea that blacks aren't being paid equally is as stupid as that meme.
"Sanders’ senate office, 'improperly pressured People’s United Bank to approve the loan application submitted by the Senator’s wife.'"
In eastern Kentucky, it is all equal pay(if you actually work). 98% of workers make $7.25 an hour. Man, woman, Lil of both, same
He's NOT a Democrat! Bernie is an INDEPENDENT!
Pretty sure he ran as a democrat for President. Should have run as a full blown Socialist. That's who he really is.
He's NOT even a real socialist!
Please be president

Women's repro rights tied to women's economic rights. Standing for women's rights MUST be non-negotiable DEM value! litmus test? So be it!
Everyone should have one place to live too before some people have three places to live.
isnt that illegal for 45 years now?
Kamala has been saying this for a long time, you and your supporters have been dissing her and now all of the sudden you're a champion

Tell black women to stop having kids out of wedlock and this wouldn't be an issue...
All jobs should be paid equally to all people regardless of race or sex as long as the person meets the qualifications for it!
Who gets paid from your book sales?
How's your wife's investigation going for stealing money?
Still buying into that gender pay gap myth, eh Bern?
What a shill
Fraud that you+wifey commit part of basic justice your talking about? You are a tainted politician & hypocrite. That's why Trump win 2020
Does that include #blackwomanequalembezzelmentpay ? @benshapiro @SarahHSandiers @sean_spicier @seanhannity 
#maga
1963: Pres. Kennedy signs Equal Pay Act of 1963
1964: Pres. Johnson signs Civil Rights Act of 1964
This issue has ALREADY been legislated.
No, it's a idea from socialism.
It doesn't work. It has been tested and it fails. U communist fool. By the way u tweet as much as Trump. Divider.
Only in a socialistic country.   Your policy ideas have no place in a free market or free enterprise society.
Skip equal pay. Go straight to universal basic income. These ppl ain't ready for what's coming.
U schilled for the Unity of the Dem Party who will fight U on most of the issues U stand for? Is it "fair" to demand U answer this ? Crazy.
Equal pay for equal work. You conveniently leave that out.
And if you could work with others better, it would be less radical and more likely to be common practice. Stop showboating.
Jobs who's to complain? Their boss or co-worker who keeps ogling them but is too shy to ask her out or way too forward & rude about it?
That's Real Talk
For equal work Bermy. You always forget that part
When will your wife and you be locked up for stealing Taxpayers money????
BERNIE... If you BELIEVE in EQUALITY... Give up your CONGRESSIONAL HEALTHCARE PLAN and go on OBAMACARE
But that's already a reality.
And is releasing your tax returns and not trying to strong arm a FBI investigation
So true; Radhir; God bless, Andy :-)
Equal pay is very much a radical idea. It promotes equal outcomes despite very different skill sets and levels of effort. A horrible idea.
This assumes that all workers are equal based in effort, they aren't and everyone also has diff expertise and strengths regardless of gender
I will just love it when everyone earns the same at workThen the ones who slack off will get same $ as those who work & Talk abt equal
Why don't you pay your interns equal pay?  #Hypocrite

Kamala Harris, a rising Democratic star, faces a problem: the Bernie-wing of the party is skeptical of her http://bit.ly/2tSgrCj  
Sanctions against a country who interfered with our elections are not a bad idea.  Glad you're not in the white house
Wish you had helped her more
As long as it is equal pay for equal work.  Equal pay for non equal work is socialism
What part of "equal pay for equal work" does the progressives don't understand? Everyone must utilize equal opportunity. VT must not.
Nope its how much education u have and how hard u work. Most ppl couldn't even hold a 15 dollar job if it was given to them.
No. Hillary's email server is an issue of basic justice. Where's the basic justice there Bernie?
#allwomwanforpayequality
Basic socialism
It is racial ly suggested Women of any color deserve same pay Why make it racial because you & the Dems have been pulling their chains still
Why just black women? #AllWomenEqualPayDay
Washington will have same healthcare as their employer!!
#TermLimits
Indeed
More racial agitation black women don't make as much because they don't do as much
I've never had a woman ask for higher pay at job acceptance. I've never had a guy not ask for more and they always get it.
Equal Grades in the classroom as well. 
You don't understand the subject. You get an F.
Stop dividing the country you mal content!
no such thing as equal jobs, so who gets decide your pay rate...those who are exempt from Obamacare?
Equal pay has NOTHING to do with justice!  Your thought is nuts! Give ME your salary! I demand equal pay!  See?  That's nuts!
How dense can you be? Equal pay is getting paid the same doing the same job regardless of gender or race.
& even Dems don't support our rights. Dems announced today they won't withhold financial support for candidates who oppose abortion rights.
Oh I see what you're doing now...trying to pander to WOC. Just stop.
I believe #EqualPay for equal work is also a legal requirement
then why don't you pay your staff equally????????????????
Why did you vote against the Magnitsky Act?

Equal pay my ass. I will not be paid as much as a burger flipper at Wendy's
I agree!  Considering women CEO's make more than men!
Even though...according to Dept. Of Labor....women work less hours than men?
@faizashaheen  #EqualPayForEqualWork
So tell @HillaryClinton, who  threw you under the bus, to pay equally… Because it's the law.
It's already the law. What are you babbling on about?
You're still the man
Bullshit
BS.
Equal pay for equal qualification.

Also the only way a company guarantees its employees it doe not practice favoritism.   Equal pay for equal work is a right, not a privilege.
How equally are you paid Bernie?
WH announced today equal chance for any Cabinet member to be stabbed in the back at a moment's notice.
Sanders uses twitter to reach audience so his statements have to be short and this statement has issues but its well intented.
Amen!
You are the man for the job Bernie and everyone knows it Bernie 2020
I want my share of your income. Shall I give you account info now or later?

I believe it's an ALL WOMEN's equal pay issue....
How bout you share your pay with everyone?
..as a confirmed political hack, methinks yer pandering 2 #BlackWoman, ole, Bernie-boy. You haven't a righteous bone in yer body, do you?
Elizabeth is not an agreement
The wage gap based on the premise that women and minorities get paid less for the same job as their male counterpart is a myth. & illegal.
Then give your salary away to help those ppl, you big hypocrite
Go AWAY
So most lobbying money goes to the pocket of administration instead of lawmakers?
And communism and your favorite socialism but your wife seems to need to be paid a little more?
lower median yearly earnings =/= being paid less for the same job.
Obama had two terms as POTUS. Why wasn't this addressed then?
Justice is about what is due to one, not blanket equality across superficial groups. Any demographic variation is irrelevant to justice.
Hey Bernie how about equal rights first. Your rights and all of you in Congress or way better and more important than mine
Go retire already @SenSanders still crying hahahah
You should tell that to Nancy pelosi see who pays her women staffers far less than their male counterparts
Stop stop stop the bs
#EqualPay4EqualWork4All
Phew its great that we've already got this covered
Basic justice would be @DNC not cheating you out of nomination
Equal outcome is a false prophecy that preys on the disenfranchised. It actually hurts those it's intended to help, unfortunately.
Why don't you ask Senator Pocahontas or HRC about equal wage for women. To compare white males to black females isn't fair.
So pay me what you make.
That's where you're wrong, kiddo.
how about we start with Congress paying for the same insurance you force on the rest of us?
So your willing to give up your vacation house and make the same money I do?
Are you doing the same job with the same educational background and experience? If so, then you should get equal pay.
1. I'm doing a better job I provide goods and services people want not get money through empty promises
Lol. Doesn't sound like justice to the people producing more than the others. It sounds a lot more unfair to me. But kisses  anyway freak.
Spoken like a true socialist
Show us where these women are paid less than men & let them know they can file a suit since it's already law.
Nobody deserves equal pay because everyone is different. Everyone deserves pay based on their individual talents, experience, and ability.
Equal pay will   work to bring more people in this country out of poverty.
You will not stop until all people work as the state dictates and gets the same $30 a day, be they doctor or deadbeat. #SocialistUtopia
