Seems to be the @GOP plan. Vote them out.
but it was ok 4 Obama to take from medicare, our elderly to fund medicaid?
Some of them are, of course. If you can't afford life-saving medical care, you die. Why is this difficult for anyone to understand?
Because they can't afford birth control or it's against their religion.
We are all ready dieing.  Thanks 2 obuma care.
This is satire, right?

This is what the TOP 1% of America wants. More MONEY for them....
Which is Bernie Sanders and his 3 mansions after his wife committed bank fraud. HE WONT BE GIVING 1/2 of his income... he wants everyone else too.
That's what the #GOP #DeathSquads want, no duh!
My daughter went to her grave on the fear of losing her Medicaid, literally and figuratively #HauntTrump
And how much did Obama borrow from it while he was in office? I don’t recall you saying anything then!
If everyone died that the left said would die if republicans won the election there would be very few people left in this country.
GOP. cancer
Actual cuts?  Or are you calling an increase less than the projected baseline increase a cut?
tell the democrats to stay out of the general fund put social security in it's own bank by it's self
How come thousands of people didn't die before 2010 when obama increased Medicaid by thousands of unqualified people and billions of dollars
That is how they will save social security and Medicare by having less people on it.
It's what the Koch's want.  Cull the pack
Maybe instead of living off of the government teat, we should look at how to lower the cost of healthcare.
What a spin.  There is no " trump tax scam" and ,no , people wont die because of a medicaid cut. This is sick socialist propaganda .
And the Greed Over People gang don't care.
lol no one has said a word about cutting medicaid, i know i actually watch the senate every day they are on.
Isn't that their true goal? Throw away the unfortunate, the poor & the old? And pad the pockets of the rich with the savings they realize?
Capitalism!
Try tens of thousands, may be hundreds of thousands.  The GOP has committed a crime against humanity.
@MickMulvaneyOMB said no one who truly needs it will lose it but they do plan to cut Medicaid and Medicare fraud and slow growth.
So like, all at once or...?
The culling of the population is part of the trump administrations agenda.
Well it’s America and you are on you own like always
But that is a good idea by the NWO DOJ to cut the population down, more room for new investments too !
Scare tactics!
that has to be a scam
@SenSanders #CNNDebateNight #TrumpTaxScam LIE =#Obamacare aka #TaxFraud Of World History  "Lack Of Transparency" Stupidity Of American Voter
and if yuo libbys have your way America will die
as a nation we need to ask how much $ is enough spent . is it 300k a yr ,after yr . 500k  etc
Social Security insolvency is now one year closer http://www.marketwatch.com/story/social-security-insolvency-is-now-one-year-closer-2016-07-11 … #SocialismSucks
you're assuming supporters actually care about that. As long as they can "drink liberal tears" they don't care who dies.
1 would be mother 1 my sister both stroke victims But @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP don’t care cause KOCH Bros
Trump literally kills 7 African Americans a day. Stray woke. #CNN
Trump does.  U. R special
That's false.
Benefits to Congress need to be cut. Billionaire indvs/corps need to pay more taxes. Gravy train for 1% has to end. #SaveSSMedicare
People will die! Many individuals that are mentally ill have medicaid.
If it is costing trillions of dollars to keep thousand days alive then you are doing it wrong.
Well, if people cannot afford life saving medicines, hospital treatments, oxygen, etc. What do you think happens? This is wrong. #Medicaid
If we cut Medicaid:
-22 million will die instantly
-330MM 2hrs after
- By 3PM, 600 billion Americans will have died

#CNNDebateNight

Lol what fear mongering
Is your name really social security works? HAHAHAHAHA
Works for me. I'll sleep much better knowing that there's a trillion dollar tax cut coming.
AND WHAT ABOUT THE CRABS WHOSE OPPRESSION YOU STEAL AND GIVE TO POC?
If we don’t cut it by 1 trillion dollars, some would still die, correct?
Hey @SenSanders @BernieSanders , did you know the opposite of your opinion can be just as true?  How about we double the tax on the bottom 25% to motivate them to work more or harder. Incentivizing effort. Remember when?
What? That's just cruel. Poor already work hard for low wages.
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0168851013001759 … lol
Sure, if that's literally all you did, as if policy exists in a bubble sequestered from other changes that could be implemented. 
Dishonest.
Well, in he Republicans' and Wealthy's defense who want to do this, there are lots of people in the world.
Sanders discovered a medical miracle. Don’t cut Medicaid & thousands of people won’t die. Maybe if we increase spending millions won’t die?
if we cut Medicaid not only a thousand will die but it will be more than that my wife and countless others will lose thier jobs get him out
#CNNDebateNight @SSWorks @SenSanders @TedCruz & his party are in the pockets of the Waltons, Mercers, Kochs new slave laborers #TrumpTaxScam
Don’t cut it you will be killing all those people moms and dads of children and lot of those poor people have worked all thier lives
I totally agree 100+%
Scrap the Cap! #CNNDebateNight
I think that's the GOP plan
How about cutting government employee pensions, salaries & downsize number of government jobs. That should shore up Medicaid, Medicare & SS.
Crazy
Liar
That would be a Travesty!!
Know this, the .02% of the wealthiest people in the world could care less if 1 trillion people die because of Medicad CUTS
but thats what jesus would have wanted.  thats why GOP voters are happy with republicans?
Yep! False Christians!
sadly these are the real ones.
Prove it.
but first thousands of people and their loved ones will suffer... #trumptaxscam
Social Security is American  best way to save for retirement because when your young you don’t save because you never think about retirement
Maybe we shouldn't get people dependent on government health care in the first place, then we won't have this moral dilemma.
But the government has already squandered most of the social security pot already. You have no room to talk.
Go get him #Bernie !!!
