Neoliberalism is a right wing economic system that is destroying working people's lives. Pinochet's Chile became the model for this system.
Yep. Brought to us by Milton Friedman and the Chicago School of trickle down economics so beloved of the right wing.
Also, Naomi Kline is a socialist that promotes using global warming to destroy capitalism. Terribly dishonest.
You clearly missed her point.
You don't math very well, do you?
Why are you sooo against it Bernie ain't part of the 1% how many houses you own  maybe you can give them to to refugees you want to come in
Bernie if you only knew what you was talking about you are a stupid man you know that.
We need to destroy them
#Bernie, You are just speculating about #TaxReform that hasn’t happened, yet.
You must remember taxes are too high because you voted for every #ObamaTax.
Bring taxes down by supporting #TaxReform
Thank you Mr Sanders for fighting these SOBs
You are so lost

my father was diagnosed with a very rare aggressive type of cancer, we can barely afford his medical expenses but anything really helps. ty https://twitter.com/valeries2008/status/921687148222349312 …
Who's not paying attention or making a fuss?  The non-voting public.
Princeton and Northwestern Universities say US is an oligarchy, not a democracy or republic.
.@SenSanders @BostonGlobe WTF are we going to DO about it?!?! #campaignfinancereform we seem to lack the political will. Tragic.
When $47 billion isn't enough... what on earth could they actually do with the extra cash?? Cancer patients die so sociopaths can keep score
I do not think is about the tax cut,is about making the rest of people poorer and voiceless so they can treat us a their modern slaves
I agree,  they seem to want us to be so desperate people will work for anything.
Correct. Ppll do not get that this billionaire  would kill anyone and do anything to keep the status quo and their privileges
Bernie. You're just jealous. Maybe if you talked Hillary into giving you some of that Weinstein money you could buy another vacation home.
Huh. I take it YOU are in the red line, then.
No, but I do live in the neighboring state of NH and I'm quite familiar with the socialist state of Vermont.
So… you're in favor of the the proposed budget? Do you realize Sanders is arguing AGAINST cutting his OWN taxes?
http://www.nationalreview.com/article/434194/bernie-sanderss-tax-returns-reveal-his-hypocrisy … He paid 14% in taxes. Tell me if that's his #FairShare
You mean 13.45% in 2014. Sounds fair to me. Especially since ALL proceeds of his best-selling book "The Speech" goes to charity. Why?
So, someone who makes 50 K and pays 25 %, me, is fairer than someone who makes 400K paying 14%?  Please, he's lying to you.
Your article: "According to the Tax Foundation, the avg fed tax rate for a couple making [$205K] in 2014 was 15.2%." His deductions > avg.
Bullshit
U r delusional. I recommend that U take a few classes in reading & comprehension so that U can realize that all your big donors r in the 1%.
I loved these guys in trading places
Kochs using stick and carrot strategy. No tax cut for us - no $$ for you. Tax cut passes - new wing at Nat Hist Museum for GOP dinosaurs.
We need a #MaximumWage, a 100% top tax bracket.  We need a #UniversalBasicIncome #UBI tied to @EconomicPolicy's calculator for a #LivingWage
THE KOCHS : Enemy of the STATE #1. MERCERS ENEMY#2.  NRA ENEMY#3. CULT CHRISTIAN NUTTERS ENEMY #4
Which one of your 3 mansions are you staying at tonight? Hypocrite.
Wrong again it's us the middle class Comrade
Has anyone ever received a job from a poor person? Rich worked hard for their money and you want to be immoral and take what’s not yours
it is not important what they want. What is important is will the people allow it to happen? I still believe ppl have a voice
I guess we are the morons if we let this tax cut happen
How many billions does a human need? Most of rich billionaires are never Satisfied. If one stands in their way they go over body s. Koch brs
Yep, R are scared of the GOD FATHER KOCHS, just as much as the #NRATERRORISTS
Bernie and Jane Sanders, under FBI investigation for bank fraud.
Y a w n … old, misleading news only intended to smear.
But still accurate!
Bull. You didn't even watch the clip, did you?
Are you trying to say that they weren't under an FBI investigation?
Nope. Jane & Burlington College are —NOT Bernie. And Toensing's accusation is B.S. Estimating future enrollments for a loan is NOT fraud.
Federal loan fraud! Sanders and her husband BERNIE built political careers pontificating against CORRUPTION! What a joke!
^ Troll.
The entire GOP
Can't stop a moving FAST Train. We can handle #LERCH
This is what is really going on. Don’t be fooled by Paul Ryan’s postcard tax return BS! GOP trying to pull a fast one. AGAIN! Big deficits!!
Why? What more could they possibly want when they have never even known need? They'll return to the earth mother as poor as the homeless!
Bernie if you would read Trump's tax plan you would find out that they'll be breaks for everybody you being a billionaire should be happy
@RBReich @BostonGlobe #TrumpTaxScam
Senator, you know what to say.
I always stop by to see what asinine bat Sh_t crazy crap you are dumbing down society with on a daily basis....ya deli man...
And look who's one of them!  Still worth 3.1B though he lost 700M!
And part of the expense of that is 45 raising the lowest income earners' tax rate from 10% to 12%. How does that help Joe the plumber?
Who’s pushing for the #ELDMANATE the top 10% not the real truckers #ELD_OR_ME  stand for the little guy #stoptheATA
#TaxTrump
Financing tax cuts for the rich with deficit spending/borrowing is criminal! Strong economy & employment do not justify bigger deficits. Grr
F. Off Bernie. Biggest hypocrite and sell out. Stop the negative spin of the truth. Biggest middle class tax cut for all people clown.

@realDonaldTrump tax plan implements Koch Agenda. Their agenda impoverishes 99% of America, ends free public education, cr8s huge ghettos
The fire truck in the back ground of the picture is giving donnie T a direct hint. We the people say YOURE FIRED donnie trump.BYE/vacate USA
I hear it'll help people who own multiple houses.
Sen. Sanders truth teller in chief 

Where does this 12% number come from?
More big lies from Bernie.  More BS from B.S.
What's your polling smaple? California?
Sample*
talking about the Dems of course

Hope tax cuts as proposed do not pass. So unfair for middle and lower class Americans. It's only benefiting the wealthy. Mr. Trumps buddies and supporters.
And who cares when the now undeniable collusion w/Russia & the Democrats/FBI heads/Clintons has been blown wide open. And u say what? 
I guess I am part of your false 12% claim. I am in favor of a tax cut for everyone, and the biggest tax cuts will be for the middle class.
I do not understand where you Liberals & Democrats get these false claims from? Tax cuts are tax cuts, period!
I understand that you do not like Trump, and you will say anything to try and discredit him. However, your claims don't add up.
I support it...and I'm no billionaire
Bernie should blame for this on Killary and Democratic party who stole the presidency seat from you with the help of Russia.
laughing the whole time. How many of the other 88% vote against their interests? Or worse even vote at all? Mid term?
Government of the Kochs and for the Kochs.
What drives the crazed obsession of wanting more and more and more?
Of course. This is the GOP. They are only for the rich and the poor and middle class who vote for them are suckers
You do everything to destroy America to be like venezuela. Have everything free. Middle class would have to pay for it. You knew it. Sick
Majority of Trump followers aren’t billionaires-His Tax Plan will benefit himself & super rich at expense of middle class-Don’t be fooled
you betrayed your supporters and   the middle class and companies that will provide jobs for Americans by trying to stop tax cuts for us
Wait until they threaten martial law like they did right after 911 when they didn’t like the the way those votes went
Why don't people get this!!?
BankFraudBernie
I knew, from the moment he announced he was running, it was $$$ that put him there, for their special interests.  Too obvious.
So Bernie, why haven’t you attached an amendment or rider inverting this supposed “crony” bill so it benefits the little guy? Talk’s cheap.
Too many dumbass liberals here to block. Bye bye Bernie!!!
Hey bernie STFU YOU OLD BASTARD!!! You never held a real job in ur life.first job at 40 working for dems..You are a dumbass
I know right, because you like taxing the hell out of us for your socialist agenda.
Makes sense.
Bernie there is no other way to say it You R a Flat out Lier Socialist Democratic Flat out Lier
Ita time to get a job you might be good at bernie. Mcdonalds. Gonrob the hood robin!
12% huh bernie nice made up number. Your just mad because planned parenthood stopped giving you money and now you cant do anything
Sadly big tax cut the Kochs and the like, does not result in lower consumer prices nor higher wages for poor & middle class
The "rich" pay 85% of all taxes.  The "rich" invest and create job. Those job get ppl off gov support. But u don't want that now do u?
Very depressed
President Trump do you have a heart? You simply don't CARE!!

It's more than these two.
Yes, it is.  But everyone has their own favorite calamity
ISIS/IM Dr. Kanchana continuously sending bio-telemetry BRAIN MAPPING that President's WIFE sleeping to RAJNATH it's her SEXUAL Frustration
I doubt 12% of Americans understand our tax code.
No way even 1% understand it. But rest assured, the rich/corporations will get more welfare. Obama & Clinton did it too. This is a class war
Follow the money.  Always.
In order to fund the socialist government that you want, taxes would have to be tripled or more. How many Americans approve of that?
Breaking news!
you sound mad
GOP = Grand Ol’ Party?

Nope. Not any more. 

GOP = Greedy Old Politicians
Trickle-down has always been a policy to allow money to flow upwards and needs halting
The democrats are in part responsible for these disaster with they Hillary Clinton hawkish candidates and corruption of his own
What a fraud
Talking about you Bernie.
Nothing much to HOP but the true!
Thank you for fighting the good fight every single day. January anniversary Womxn's march-#Medicare4All
The wealth and income inequality in this country increasing over decades landed us with 45Bernie Sanders, thank you
On this, I agree with you senator.
Thanks to #onegoodmaninDC
#TrumpIsTheWorstPresidentEver
Bernie why don’t you retire and let  some young strong healthy sensible thinking YOUNG man or woman to have that job
The one thing the Democrats and socialist do the last eight years is proving to be American people that they don’t matter
This president wants to have a legacy a good historical legacy he wants what’s best for the American people
Well Bernie you’re a multimillionaire what a liar you guys are the tax cuts for the middle class we know.
Koch Brothers run the Republican party so who is surprised?
F them.
I'm shocked...
Stop the lies
Get off the dope Bennie.
Yeah because you can't have enough billions.  #kochsareswine
I think there's a word missing from that caption... The Kochs want estate tax cut badly... Is how it should read...
Of course, the rest of us could make #45 happy by starving to death!
Go Bernie Go!
I support it im not rich i need a job when reagan done it you could find a new job everyday maga
Who will fund the wars he wants to wage? We will, with our blood...
Repatriation of $ will be largest gifting of money to the wealthy via corporate stock buybacks and not a $1 in employee wages or benefits.
Talk about the billions spent on stock buy backs to gift the wealthy more untaxed money, versus increasing employee wages and compensation.
What up Bernie!
Then Senator Sanders.... get th Dems and the independents to come up with solutions
The Reclusive Hedge-Fund Tycoon Behind the Trump Presidency
Well, at least we know who is running the country
How old are you , will you ever grow up?
#ImpeachTrumpNow
C'mon Bernie, stop the fearmongering.  You KNOW the Kochs donate MORE to Democrats that Republicans.  HYpocrite
Good they earned their money. They should be able to keep it. Try earning some yourself.
Koch brothers can kiss my ass. Anyone who votes for this shit will be unemployed next election.
Donald Trump has guaranteed his two bed fellows of a extra nice Tax break or they will TOTALLY cut of his & GOP contributions in the future.
It would be a shame if the richest human in NYC didn't get a big tax cut.
To paraphrase Will Rogers.  "We have the best government money can buy."
Rich and middleclass only taxpayers in the US poor don't pay taxes the live off the taxpayers.
Democracy.. People hold the power, majority rule. Nationwide online petitions anyone with a computer can vote on? Working on it.. #kingdom
Don't the top 1% pay like70% of the taxes? Lower 50% pay nothing? That doesn't seem fair. Middle class screwed again
BS Bernie. I’m afraid you’re a loser
Every wonder Why all modern presidents come from priveledged familys? Abraham lincoln was a bartender at one time.. Average man
And is coming,
Worst President ever 

#Money is the root of all evil, the @Koch's are the route of #darkmoney. #CitizensUnited makes people a corporation. #Democracy cannot exist
The Kochs donate to @HillaryClinton campaign who you endorsed
#bankfraudbernie, When are you moving to "israel" to join the occupation to kill Palestinian children Bernie ?
And what makes a country grow? Socialism!!! FOOL
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan informercial Ryan is all smoke and mirrors for their daddies.
Such crap
Why haven't you posted a #MeToo tweet after what @DWStweets & @HillaryClinton did to you in the primaries last year?
The wealthy should take all of our money make them happy after
Time to eliminate PACs and Lobbyists.
Apparently, Donald is dyslexic. When he read Robin Hood, he thought it was about stealing from the poor to give to the rich.
Regardless whom is robbed, stealing is still immoral. Regardless whom is benefitted from the theft, stealing is still immoral.
What legislation did you get passed that really helped poor people in a demonstrative way?
Trickle down economics didn't work in the 80's and it won't help us now.
The same people who donated to Hillary Clinton victory fund.
Aspirations are a good thing, until they become sociopathic.
#KochSuckers
Money talks JUST LISTEN TO THE RACIST IN WHITE HOUSE TOO BAD SO MANY ARE AFRAID FOR THEIR JOBS DON'T FORGET WHISLE BLOWERS  SPEAK UP
And me.
@RBReich @BostonGlobe Always follow the money! Trickle down has never worked. The rich don't need more.
“Citizen’s United” “Americans for Prosperity” oligarchy Koch brothers are undermining our democracy @realDonaldTrump @Koch_Industries
“Citizen’s United” “Americans for Prosperity” oligarchy Koch brothers are undermining our democracy @realDonaldTrump @Koch_Industries
If they get even more rich, it will trickle down to the rest of us!!! How bout trickle up this time ??
Time to show the GOP for who they are – nothing but avatars for the billionaire donors. Koch & Mercer shd be dragged into the light, bigly.
For gosh sake stop this and help us through logical legislation.
No way!!!!
Don't you have a 20 week abortion ban on your plate?  Or is that a "side issue?"
Nice try Bernie, try again
Because they don't yet have enough money to totally control us.
They'll simply print more and otherwise manipulate the market.
Anyone surprised? #getmoneyout
Let me know if you need a clue. #evil
These people are horrible.
Who’s the jealous communist who has never done a positive thing in his lying life & only wants to steal what is not his?
Billionaire OWNERS
12% for the 1%? 1% have some large posses awaiting their silver spoon trust fund to avoid work. #workethic #familyvalues #greedy old party
Thank you for calling it what it is a gift for the rich!
Speak it!
Greed will destroy the common man...
Bernie Bernie Bernie it’s for corporations ,lowering taxe rate to 20% ,and what’s wrong with that ? Nothing
You are amazingly rich for peddling lies! I need Tax Reform! I don't have 3 houses & a Audi & a wife under FBI investigation!!
It's been a long time since our govt has been for the people..
Lol, Boston Globe, tell us about How your wife falsified loan documents and bankrupted a school, bet the tuition wasn't free their huh.
This is why Citizens United is a travesty!
Capitalism will destroy the US.
You haven't even seen it it's not even complete and already you're whining about it.
