Neoliberals and the mainstream media are driving this.
No, Donald Trump is driving this.
Not even close. Trump isn't doing anything, the mainstream media is. I'm a progressive and it's insane how much they're pushing people.
Trump is dividing the nation with his bigotry and fear mongering. He panders to the lowest of the low, the uneducated, the bigots, etc.
No he's not, the media is. Open your eyes and start being a real leftist. You're merely a neoconservative.
Have you watched Alex Jones. Or been on breitbart? The coin has two sides
Those are entertainment tabloids that aren't affiliated with Trump. You're crazy.
This is the result of both sides catering to extremes. Instead of pragmatic compromises we get extreme rhetoric from media & politicians.
Can we finally stop the madness & have our politicians act like a functioning government instead of jockeying for position with their base?
Dems have spent the entire year ratcheting up hate against GOP with dramatic illogical stuff like "GOP wants to kill you". Eventually you
Guys on both sides of the aisle need to realize your most extreme supporters listen to you. They believe the rhetoric on TV and online.
I agree which is Y this is shocking. Bernie folk are peaceful.
The prominent democrat media and establishment has ratcheted up and accepted extreme hate toward all of GOP and it's not right.
I reached out to Bernie because he seems to be a decent man who can maybe spark some change within the way Dem establishment has acted.
He was one of yours...that's 2 of them now
Here's some of his posts. Looks like a Bernie supporter to me
You're being willfully partisan. How soon you forgot about that armed far right group that literally took over a govt compound.
How am I being partisan from pointing out facts that he was a Bernie supporter. Facts r facts & don't choose sides
I agree sir! I stand with you.
You did this by your hateful speeches
Blood is on your hands and your fellow lunatic progressive/liberals for inciting hatred and violence. Shame.
It doesn't matter if you're #liberal or #conservative,this type of violence is a mental health issue that has been neglected and overlooked
Odd, a few days ago you were encouraging people step up the "resistance".  Weeks after another supporter murdered 2.  Mixed message?
You're right violence is no good neither is condemnation
He supported you!! What do you have to say about that senator?!?
Yeah and maybe politicians should be more careful about the rhetoric they spew.
Yeah like Trump? "I'll pay for the medical bills"? Or "knock him out would ya"? Kinda explains a rise in hate crimes since his election.
Lynch "we need more blood on the streets"
Kaine "democrats need to fight on the streets"
1. Lynch did not say that. 2. As for Kaine, u are deliberately misrepresenting the context of what he was saying. But hey, at least u tried!
Lynch said "they've bled and, some of them died...we can do it again".
It's not my fault the left is full of violent psychopaths.
They aren't.
What this guy did has NOTHING to do with you or our movement.
So... Why do you continue to encourage it with your inane rhetoric?
This is what happens after just 5 months of sore losers not being able to put their big boy pants on and just do their damn job.
YOU CARE MORE ABOUT DESTROYING THE COUNTRY THAN ANYTHING ELSE-OTHER WISE YOU WOULD SHOW IT! YOU ARE USELESS!
So many stupid comments on here. Makes me weep as an American.
This is directly caused by the Democrats McCarthyism.
Until the mob on the left realize that violent rhetoric emanating from your mouth can provoke physical violence, it will only worsen.
Kind of sounds familiar ... okay when Bernie says it.
But Bernie you did not take the responsibility for inciting it. How many Pandas like #sethrich need to die for you?
You're not the one being handed a death sentence easy for you to say Bernie but Washington is it listening to the people#sad but no choice
Hypocrite when you side with the left, Marxism, socialism, communism, feminists, etc #GovernmentMentalIssues
Kind of sounds like what trump said. It's okay when. Bernie says it.
Nice that they have #CapitolPolice protection. We don't. Who's going to protect us from the crazies? Not our politicians. #gunsense
Then speak up against the 24/7 nonstop hysteria nonsense by the corporate owned media/MSM @MSNBC @maddow @cnn @andersoncooper @Morning_Joe
Best statement here!!
Then stop telling your followers they must #Resist
Sanders is a kind heart man.
Keep pushing fake narratives with the media and you produce many more of these killers. Learn to lose, not to make up phony Russia stories.
This is what happens when you & @HillaryClinton  tell people to stand up & fight. It's just more violence you r stirring up
Democrats are typically anti-gun violence and all about peaceful protests so this statement is rediculous.
Yes we can see how peaceful they are by burning colleges down and assaulting people
They voted to kill millions of Americans. What did they think would happen?
Not condoning it. But effing seriously.
Standing with you Bernie, as always, because you stand for what is right and good!
Bernie Sanders is a communist buffoon who never spoke out about the violence in the state of Vermont in his backyard at Middlebury College
You haven't just condoned violence, you've encouraged it. You're a liar AND a hypocrite.
hmm then give advice to the ones who have been preaching it like the MSM and Celebrities?
Sure BS, as a socialist,  your kind have KILLED MILLIONS over the past Century
Totally!
He was a supporter of YOU the left is the violent ones why is that Bernie??
When you scream "revolution" for years 1) check definition of the word and 2) assume some people are listening.
Exactly, that is why he lost my vote & I voted for HRC. A lot of PPL not smart enough to not take it literally. We have enough violence in
this country from The alt/right, militia, neo nazi's, KKK & from a CIC in the white house that instigates it. We don't need more.
This is not a result of "both sides" doing anything @robbystarbuck  It is a result of Democrat hate speech. Period.
Thanks burn, your the only demorat to do so.so far
right Bernie, that's why in Chicago you promoted violence, hypocrite!
Too damn late Bernie Just stop it with the resistance & revolution Your henchmen are loony and are hard to restrain Stop the campus crap too
U R unacceptable as u lied to Children so that u could ruin an election like Nader. Let's not forget your votes 4 the NRA. Get off my phone!
I supported Bernie and voted for HRC in the general. I'm not on Your damn phone!
I was talking to Sanders, not you.  I can't stand his lies & hypocrisy & equating Rs  Ds
Your message and agenda is brainwashing poor uneducated Americans into becoming violent attackers! Please take responsibility!
Does Elizabeth Warren need to take responsibility too you conviniently left these out
Yes she does! Thank you for shedding even more light on the alt-left leaders!
He was one of YOUR supporters. Just remember that. YOUR supporter.
I commend U @BernieSanders 4
Ur swift condemnation. Any sane
person in USA wud know you
had nothing to do with this
Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms. 
BS and ALL of HIS BOT are responsible for this and them alone
Empty words from the guy who takes NRA money and votes with the gun lobby. #thoughtsandprayers
Wrong.  D- scorecard from the NRA.  Try again.
Feel the Bern, grab your assault rifles!
Generally speaking, there is no need to try and frame Bernie as pro NRA.  Trump, on the other hand...   He loves those assholes.
You have the ability to tamper down ur rhetoric. Stop giving dems a bad name. U r partly responsible for this Bernie
Neo-Libs give Dems a bad name. There is a reason Bernie's approval ratings are the highest in the country. Because he fights for the people.
that is why Bernie pay less tax
than Trump because he cares, about himself.
Bernie pays less in tax than Trump because Trump is, by his own words, extremely rich. That's how taxes work. Make more, pay more.
No sport, we are talking % here. Trump paid 25%
Bernie paid less than 14%. Why not 30 or 40%
Like he wants from everyone else?
And I was also talking percentage. In an economy where the everyone buys the same goods at the same price, 25% of say, $15,000 per year(1/2)
Is actually MORE than 25% of $200,000 per year, because the more you make, the less those dollars are inherently worth to you. (2/2)
That does not make sense.
All these politicians only care about themselves, when leftist violence affected every day Trump supporter, they never issued statements!
Nobody in leftist MSM and in Congress denounced Antifa attacks on Trump supporters in the past 12 months. Now they pretend they care!
Because "everyday" supporters don't mean anything to MSM and most politicians. The congressmen will push for more $ecurity for themselves.
The call rings hollow since the shooter was answering the call by liberals for resistance against Trump's policies.
peaceful political resistance is not a call for assassination!
That's a pacifist statement. Yet pacifists unite with the far left that ran up a 9-digit bodycount the last century.
every thing has an inert state...the more resistance you have the harder it is to move
Exactly!
So you agree that the only thing Trump has to do is consider his agenda is and include other perspectives in it to overcome the  resistance
If @realDonaldTrump is serious about his agenda,he will have to deal with resistance,including"suppressing Insurrection."Art 3, Sec 8, Const
Your violent rhetoric almost got a man killed today. Shame!
Not speaking out against violence done in your name is as bad as calling for violence.
Reading comments on here makes me wonder how I still have a glimmer of faith in humanity.Stupidity should officially be declared a pandemic.
And this means from both sides. The left blaming the right, the right blaming the right. Both should be pointing the fingers at themselves.
We ALL are pointing our finger at YOU
This does what exactly? If it makes u feel better abt urself then have fun w that. We'll be pointing one right back, where does this get us?
@JessicaTarlov just shut up, you've caused enough damage
What did you think would happen after telling people that thousands would die because of the evil Republicans?
Hey Bernie didn't this guy work on your campaign?
PROSECUTE @kathygriffin
The violence may be egregious but the grex is where it grew. Condemn it also please.
How come the shooter is not called a terrorist? Oh yeah he's perhaps not a Muslim.
Gee I wonder if POTUS will even mention gun control.
Yet your speech against @realDonaldTrump says otherwise. Stop playing the two face and pick a side.
Where are the words saying no violence or hate prior to this?  The left must except the fact that @realDonaldTrump won the election!
All these liberal tards running around without their medication, Democrat/liberal/socialism is a diesease. God bless the usa, me from canada
Why don't you deal with your own rhetoric! Your supporters are attacking with rocks, stabbing people and police horse and shooting people!
Maybe you should stop with your incendiary diatribes against Trump from behind police guards.
u pelosi schumer spew hate college campus and va shooter respond nice going feel the Bern?
You and your liberal followers better stop the hate and violence.
The Left should not be allowed to purchase or possess firearms in America.
Brilliant. That would solve everything
Time to step down Bernie.
Not sure why people get freaked out about this sort of thing. With 350 mln guns in USA, this is bound to happen. It's the price of freedom.
NOT your fault, I know you must feel horrible but please don't feel responsible. You had no way of knowing and the shooter was disturbed.
Noone should in any way blame Sen Sanders. He has never advocated violence or hate. This was a man who was merely a volunteer.
What a joke, everything you say and do is with the intent of invoking strong negative emotion.
Politicians distract us w/ their fake hearings where no one EVER gets prison time Talk about Single Payer Health Care & Legalization #Flint
That's one of your insane supporters encouraged by you. Shame on you. #Resign
Yet hating on Christians is ok?
Glad to hear you're going to vote for gun control this time. Oh, wait, that's right, nevermind.
Condemnation WITHOUT a gun control bill with teeth--which you and @SteveScalise oppose--is political masturbation.  #YoureNotFoolingAnyone
These are only words; let your actions now show that you are behind our @POTUS and are willing to help make America a unified country again.
Unifying behind ideals that will hurt people, like the AHCA, will only make things worse.
ObamaCare was worse than the "in-progress" AHCA. The resistance would love to have another Civil War & depose the Pres. Ridiculous argument.
ObamaCare sucks, but it's nowhere near the crap of AHCA, which is slated to kick millions off insurance and returns pre-existing conditions
Millions don't have insurance under ObamaCare now. So you think it's okay for country to go on divided like this just because of AHCA?
Republican baseball practice Bernie, You should have said at the baseball practice !!!! Just your way to divide the country even more! Shame
We don't buy it Bernie....
the animosity between Dems and Republicans daily on tv. Refusing to work together is setting the scene for this type of violence.
Too little Too Late
Says the guy that rolled over for Clinton.
Then change your hate joe my president is President Trump not President Brannon. Bernie has some blame in this too!
Way to not take responsibility Bern. Your rhetoric is the fuel for your unstable supporters.
Then why do you call for it?
Bullshit.
This guy thinks the statism is a nonviolent system. You must love violence as long as it is legal.
We already no*
You are dealing with mentally ill people they take everything literal
True, no violence against all living beings.
Stand up against torture & death penalty. 
Stand up against violence against non-human animals.
Bernie I don't believe you for a minute.
Maybe hold a press conference to talk to your people.  That's two of your people who have killed two and wounded many.
Why aren't liberals condemning violence in Vzla against the unarmed citizens??
THEN LEAD BY EXAMPLE!
About time you disavowed the violence committed by your supporters .  Wish you would've done this after the 2 Portland murders by your fan.
Maybe this could've been prevented if you spoke up to your supporters sooner and disavowed murder for political intimidation.
Sen. Sanders, small parts of your movement are as consumed with conspiracy theories as infowars people.  Please be more aware and respond
Bernouts going postal. Thanks MSM! /s
Thank you. I really respect and appreciate your comments
Love you, Senator.
You need to reign in your libtarded nazi brown shirts Bernie.
Congress baseball gunman was a #Trump-hating #Bernie supporter!
I have to say I will wait to hear the motives before I condemn the shooter. I want more details of why he felt he had to do this.
your rhetoric is partly to blame mea culpas after ring hollow
Socialism =  to the head
Yet you promote it with your socialist hate and despise for Republicans
Maybe stop stoking anger, Bernie.  This wasn't a Hillary voter.
Thank you for stepping up @SenSanders 
This criminal is on his way to hell and will soon #FeelTheBern in eternity
@williamcraddick @ElizabethleaVos
You aren't to blame and neither is your position on politics.  This act was committed by someone who stepped away from reality.
Wat bout theft(taxation)?
"Violence of any kind is unacceptable"- then stop supporting, enabling, & promoting the 300 daily murders by U.S. abortion clinics. Thanks!
this is what socialism is when you advocate it this is on you just like the 100 million dead due to socialism.
Werent u paying your supporters to go to donald trump rallies and incite violence/as obamas preacher said the rooster has come home to roost
You're not responsible. You did not motivate that psychopath, but thank you anyway for responding respectfully.
You have their blood on your hands by all your resist bs. Stop ur provoking violence-unstable ppl follow ur idiotic lead
You incited it. You never tell your colleagues to stop inciting. 15%.
The Anarchist are your followers. The hate against Trump and republicans needs to stop. 24 hour news cycle spouting hate.
You spelled "condone" wrong.
Glad you finally stopped blaming politicians for violence like you did back in '11 and aren't fundraising off this as you did then.
You're *
It has gotten to be where you can't tell the difference between a liberal or isis member.
BERNIE SANDERS YOU AND TRUMP DIVIDED THIS COUNTRY
Thank you
Yes, but Bernie, you help incite the violence by your rhetoric.  I came on Twitter to counter your hateful rhetoric against conservatives.
Hey Bernie, you receive support from these home grown terrorist. What's next ? 
Republican baseball practice Bernie, You should have said at the baseball practice !!!!  Just your way to divide the country even more !!!!
Yeah Bernie but you were not for gun control and your supporters were violent thugs who hacked the DNC! Tone it down Bernie!
He was very on the record on banning assault rifle and tightening who can and can't get guns. The second part  of this is a joke
Rapid Hiilbot is rabid.
This is a result of entertainers, media and politicians normalizing the idea of violence against #GOP . Left needs to stop accepting it.
Excepting*
I give him a day till he goes back to his hate speech that gets his supporters feeling the burn SMH pathetic losers
in private.  Drop the Sad act.  It's even sadder than you are
They'll blame you, of course. Senator, you're not responsible for this horrific attack. #guncontrol
how about a shout out to the people in San Francisco?
Thank you for what I heard as a sincere response to this mornings tragedy. 
Can we focus on what unites us instead of divides ?
But u just called for it in Chicago 4 days ago. 

 Ill be back with the link
..and just four days ago, what was it Bernie?
So why not tell folks like Antifa and all the other rioters to STOP.  No one from your side of the aisle has called for it AT ALL!
Isle*
Your ideas lead people to this jealously and rage.  Stop promoting class warfare
It's time for common sense gun laws and you should lead this effort.(PS: Many of your supporters threaten violence every day on Twitter.)
Perhaps you can stop screaming and denigrating Christians at Senate hearings.  Set an example.
U built you campaign on the word "Revolution" what did you think would happen. You are poison.
Thank you for taking a stand and speaking out against "violence of any kind".  Many of your associates will not demonstrate that backbone!
Sayings like this are why we've got people wringing tbeir hands when nazis get punched. Just admit that, like guns, violence has a function.
Gun control legislation NOW.
Sure  you do.  NOW!  U also hate Christians or at least U don't believe they should be in the gov't. Remembering saying that? Hypocrite!
This was not your fault. You have always condemned violence and violent rhetoric.
Vitriole*
#GOPmadeThis
Bernie, you had me up until the thouths and prayers moment. C'mon, we all know that doesn't work.
Tax Returns, blustering  Bernie?
You inciting this violence you and Nancy Pelosi Maxine Waters Loretta Lynch and you friend  Obama, you are a coward.
Thx Jordan
Time for a investigation of Bernie supporters!
Today Bernie we can agree
This is what happens with the ridiculous rhetoric all the time. People freak out. STOP all politicians should wake up. You created this.
@SenSanders bought by
& endorsed Clinton Cartel
Ur fans saw U abandon them
& sell out 2 crooked HRC
Now U wonder why they're disillusioned??
It's NOT EVEN EQUAL. Have you been to a protest? The Video is all over YouTube.  It goes on and on:  Fuck Trump Fuck Trump Fuck Trump
