Rand is usually right but on this he is completely wrong. Human beings have a right to food, water, shelter, healthcare, and education.
@RandPaul seems truly horrified at the prospect of all Americans having basic human rights eg-health care & clean water
How Christian of him
Honestly I used to admire Rand Paul for some of his positions. But now he's got minarchist wool over his eyes.
Here is the thing. I will only pay mine and my family's health insurance not everyone else's. I prefer free market over universal.
It's better for my finances. And I don't want to be paying 60% income tax. I cannot afford that to keep my utilities on.
The Constitution guarantees a right to criminal defense. Are attorneys ALSO slaves?
However, bad lawyers changed the intent of our forefathers to get paid.  Just like bad doctors are with pushing a fake right to healthcare.
Rand is worried about Big Insurance, Big Pharma & For-Profits still having control over healthcare...
He doesn't trust that gov't leaders will keep the corps out... thereby enslaving medical & patients by gov't mandates...
If we can't keep these forces out, like ObamaCare & ObamaCare Lite, Medicare-for-all will be ObamaCare 2.0 and won't work as it should.
Remember a time when doctors made housecalls; good diet & exercise was a prescription; & was available to everyone? We need that again!
As long as they make illness, dying & death a profiteering, racketeering business model, we'll never have any "rights" re healthcare.
how does someone this ignorant get elected. Everything he said is true. I had cancer universal healthcare save me
I believe in universal healthcare I don't believe in you or the government that steal from the poor to give to the rich you so called
politicians only care about profits not the ppl your supposed2represent insteadUrepresent the rich4 your own ill gotten gains#PplOverProfits
Sen Paul can you remember the Hippocratic Oath? As a doctor, your comments betray the sacred oath, which means ur licence should be revoked.
@RandPaul u r so full of crap!  UR argument isn't really about Drs.  It's about insurance companies making $.  @RandPaul is a liar
I admire you, sir, but you are wrong to call it a "right." 
Instead talk about reforming a corrupt system to take out the profit-mongers.
Healthcare IS a right
everytime Ran says something I agree with he then goes off the deep end in some other way, where i go "wtf is he even talking about?"
Why do people from Canada come to the US for care because the wait times for appointments is over a year?  Great system, nah.
As a Danish person, I gladly pay my taxes to the "nanny state" because I know I'm getting my money's worth. What are you getting?
You're from 1 of those countries Bernie says we nd 2 b more lk. It must be because yall are majority White
Do bots google?
You might want to keep your Cana socialism in Canada. But please tell me what % of Canada is white? See yall r blocking illegals cmng in now
Not blocking whatsoever. All possible Refugees get a hearing as long as they've crossed over. Why does 'white' matter? Bigoted much?
Libertarians are selfish children who don't understand the purpose of Government is to serve and protect the people who hire/vote for them.
How about, why isn't it a right to have plumbing or clean water? It's a different view when the rights are denied.
What about your pledge to take of life
DID HE JUST SAY "Do you have a right to water?"
2 brain surgeries for treatment of epilepsy... No Out Of Pocket! We even had to travel to a different state. Completely successful!! 
Oh and I don't remember kidnapping her World Class Neurosurgeon! Go figure, she was waiting for us in the operating room 
Every western country on earth has some form of universal health coverage, including my own, Canada. The GOP want you to think the gov't
will tax you beyond what you can pay for this service. That's a lie. It will cost you far less than insurance co. charge.
Agreed, a £18,000 a year earner in the UK pays roughly £90 a month if my math is right.
Same as Canada. The GOP have lied about this issue continuously to keep US out of S/P Medicare. They work for ins cos and PHARMA. Not people
Feelings don't care about your facts!
#economicallyilliterate #feelthederp
@drandrewb a Canadian fighting the tyranny of a health care system that leaves 28M people at risk death, disability and crippling debt
Big difference. Doctors are paid well for their services. Slavery would be having them work for free.
Yes we all need health care,but I have concerns about Medicare for all.the current Medicare does not cover enough for a chronic ill person
Bernie, you are a communist. Nobody with knowledge of the constitution wants to hear your looney Alinsky influenced trash. Hands off my $$$.
"Hands of ur $$$" Who wants it?  Sanders isn't a communist. Study the difference! Acts 2:44 & 4:32. R u planning 2take ur $ w/u when u die?
No, I plan on having enough to support my family and their future in the event something would happen to me. Sorry if that seems selfish.
If we expand medicare we'd save. We wouldn't have 2implement a new admin. We wont have 2pay CEO's salaries. We already pay for it.
I simply do not trust the government. I trust in competition. The government can't even compete with UPS or FedEx. Why I say, hands off.
Each letter is only aboutl 50cent stamp. If UPS or FedEx took it over each stamp would be $3.  US Postal Service is th best in th world!!
My uncle works for the Postal service. That letter actually costs the post office more then $3. You just don't see it because we all pay it.
Another reason its good @RandPaul isn't actively practicing medicine. What a horrid Doctor he must of been. BTW plumbing is a law in homes.
No it's not there still alot of people who have out houses.
Yes and some people are stupid enough to still use hangers in their vaginas to abort babies.  Ur point?
Yeah that's what leftist use 2 do probably  still do
Nope, thanks 2 Rowe versus Wade we lefties get it done right. Usually it's sad, scared republican women that use the hangers.
Funny she against it now wish she nvr fell leftist idiots view
Health care is not a right you need to work for health care,food,clothes .. everyone wants everything for free. What is going on ???
All you need to do is raise the tax on cigarettes & liquor ,you would be able to pay for Universal Health Care,maybe raise the taxes top 1%
Look at the staffer's face behind him?  Even she can't mask how utterly absurd he sounds.  Water the grassroots--GO!!
Rand Paul is just plain stupid.
Slavery? It's caring for the people in this wonderful country. I agree with the AMA and Pediatric Hospital Physicians.
Sorry to say but I think Rand Paul is uninformed, ignorant and greedy.
Anyone that thinks health care is akin to slavery is for people dying from lack of health care.
Rand Paul is right Bernie.
"Rand Paul is wrong, Bernie" there, I fixed it for you.
Yeah, no.
That's not how it works, at all. If you did just a little bit of research, you would know that.
How about we agree to disagree. You will not change my mind and I won't change yours.
You're right, I won't change my mind. However, I am correct and you are not. There is no "Disagreement" as to what slavery is.
Ok, sure. Whatever you say. Are you done now?? Does it make you feel better to think you are always right? Ego better now?
I don't think I am always right. In fact, I am often wrong. However, the problem is that on this issue, you are incredibly wrong and refuse
