I'm a fan Bernie but wish you explained how we gonna pay for it
Answer: we can't.
We can.  I think we raise the marginal tax rate significantly. That would be a start.
Take everyone's money and give them free healthcare?

The American economy won't last long that way.
Not free, we are paying for it as a way to improve American quality of life. Nothing is free. Healthcare should be part of the commons.
It doesn't improve improve quality of life as the healthcare provided goes downhill and the wait to get in to specialist become unreal.
The wait to see a specialist in our current system is slow.  Do you have any study to back up your claim?
My neighbor recently had thyroid cancer. She was operated on literally a week later. In Canada it's 8 plus months. You research it.
As a citizen I support single payer, it works well in other countries. My medical insurance is way too expensive as it is.
Please name the 'other countries' that single-player has worked in. Seriously,  I would like a response.
It doesn't work in Canada that's why Canadians come here for serious treatment as it takes 16 months for an oncology appt.
I have friends in Canada. The waiting time for anything beyond a cold is astronomical.
If you live there shut the hell up about American problems. Northern Mexicans like we need their opinions
It's the only way!
Why not be more realistic and do your own tweets instead of paying someone to tweet for u - how many bills have u passed in 25 years
Senators are paid tax payer money to serve the country, make, analyze the consequences and vote bills...not to tweet
Then who pays for his staff Einsteen
What is more expensive a social media manager hourly rate or a senator's hourly rate spent on social media?
Social media hourly rate is a waste of taxpayers dollars and are useless PIece of SH$t - what else does the old senator have to do
Increasing coverage will never happen as long as the price for medical service is the highest in the world. Get costs down first.
Correct. Government takes over insurance, hospitals, Drs, staff, Pharma, medical device, etc. You all in on that?  Markets will crash.
Government should never take over anything. Everything they manage fails. They should provide regulation and oversight only.
Imposing regulations is not managing.
You can write rules without taking control.
When politicians write rules, they don't use control. The word 'rule' is to control. Google 'rule' and see what you get. I don't trust them.
Law, rules, guidelines. All forms of written documentation that receives punishment if violated. You're playing with semantincs.
No, I'm playing with definitions. Add the term regulations to your list. It's all the same. Government 'control'
Creating law is not the same as law enforcement. How do you not understand this?
Get out of my life. Get out of my healthcare. Leave me alone.
I'm all for nationally sponsored healthcare for all. Sorry it's still being debated. @SenSanders for President 2020!
No kidding! Why you didn't do that when Obama as president? because you never actually wanted! Now just a political move to gain votes.

Thank you so much for mentioning on @chrislhayes all of the Americans who feel controlled by their jobs due to healthcare benefits. #freedom
Wasn't #ACA was supposed to solve that? The ability to leave your job and not worry about healthcare because you can buy it on the exchange
Having a job with benefits was always  the best route under ACA.
The only solution that will actually solve America's healthcare problems is #UniversalHealthcare. PERIOD.
How about cut taxes , create jobs , get the hell out of way of capitalism and the private sector ... Stop trying to control it all ...
Yeah, cause that works so well. Literally none of that will improve the system. ACA was the start. Now it's time for something better.
Literally? Socialism over Capitalism? 1 creates the black market and bread lines the other creates jobs. Greedy Government is NOT the answer
Wait until you need an operation or need major medical help, then come talk to me when you get your bill.
Tho I agree, the govt is greedy af
Just 2 years ago I had a heart attack, walked into a hosp, was treated immediately. I'm a diabetic, and the gov. took my meds away. Why ????
Because some non-medically trained official doesn't believe I need continued care, somebody is smarter than my doctor
Jesus I thought Bernie figured out he was a Russian Patsy and committed suicide..
Coverage away. Them being murderers. They go to jail and we can sue.
Democrates need to protect us against the Republican's. They are trying to kill us. Put a law into affect that if they take medical.
Thank you Senator Sanders
Why do you think people come from all over the world to see doctors here in America? Bc single payer ruins quality that's why !
Tell me again why 28,000,000 people are uninsured when the government mandates Obamacare?
You are a genius. Who pays for it, idiot?
@RoKhanna sums it up pretty well
I would suggest you get off of the bong and understand those numbers are lies.
tell me a credible source that says these are fake.
“If we expanded Medicaid to everybody…we would bankrupt the nation.” - Bernie Sanders (1987)
Might wanna visit an ophthalmologist if you can afford it. We're talking about Medica -RE, not -ID. Also, 30 years. maybe things change.
I don't understand the #Medicare4All plan. They drop people, they say gov doesn't pay, How 2 pay without supplement plan?
So, you are just gonna stand around while the republicans try to take ACA again? This can wait while YOU fight FOR ACA. I really hate you!!
So, you want to *make* it fail?
Not sure why this is controversial. Next year 50th anniversary of #UniversalHealthCare in Canada Cheaper per capita & as % of GDP #nobrainer
Great, expand on a proven failure.  You have already destroyed so much of our healthcare system. Now make sure it can't ever be fixed
why are you trying to bankrupt this country? what did do to you?
This is an investment that would reduce costs by at least 1/3. The wall has no benefit
LET'S NOT AND SAY WE DIDN'T BECSUSE THIS LIKE OTHER COUNTRIES WILL GO BANKRUPT AND THE HEALTHCARE WILL BE INFERIOR
Need to show not only fairness, but economic benefits from this move to gain enough public support.  Keep up the good fight.
How do you plan on paying for this pipe dream?
people like me who can no longer work but  only get medicare because medical is not fixed leaves me out to hang
What about the collapse of the ACA?love it of leave
Will Congress also be on Medicare For All, or will Congress keep their own Cadillac healthcare plan funded by the taxpayers?
Translation: "It's not working, we don't want to stop it, let's make it bigger and therefore worse"! Retire you clueless hack
Oh that's a terrific idea! Take a financial boon and make it bigger. Why didn't I think of that? Socialists are SO smart.
You are over! Your thoughts and beliefs have proven to be wrong! Goodbye!
Very Poor Timing given the extraordinary challenges of survival we NOW face as a Nation. The future comes One Day at a time.
Could you maybe make sure we can pay for it first? We are over $20T in debt, after all.
Cause the gov has so much $$ to throw around! - https://buff.ly/2y8Gqb5 
#PainefulTruth #berniesanders #bernie #Bernie2020 #berniecare
Hell I can't afford health care let alone my classes and I'm unemployed findings work is nearly impossible for a millennial minority like me

Just a reminder that Rep. John Conyers has introduced a Medicare-for-all bill in every Congress since 2003.
Yea, its collapsing with no funds... lets spend trillions more...
You're a game changer. A year ago they said it couldn't be done, healthcare, $15, college tuition, now the whole nation is on board with you
@SenDonnelly @SenToddYoung @realDonaldTrump stop the rhetoric and start making a difference. POTUS is a delusional pathological liar.
Sanderaplan ins co. R managers 4 Medicare instead of profiteers killing people. 2 yr med professionals untaxed 4 greatservice
Luv ya Bernie! Hope we get Medicare for All. I am a supporter!
@SenWarren Bernie you brought forth my bill. We pay for it like Spain no tax doctors if you want me to I'll write an amendment
I know this is a stupid question to ask a socialist, but who is going to be the ones paying for it?  We can't afford those on the ACA as is.
Yeah, good plan. Ruin health insurance.  Now ruin healthcare.
You bafoons couldn't even run the VA lroperly, what makes you think you can manage the Healthcare of the entire Nation? #MAGA
How do you propose to expand it? Middle America is priced out of affording insurance and insurance companies opting out of exchange
Your right but using your logic it would be like being on the Titanic and blowing holes in the boat after hitting the iceberg.
Bernie do you ever do any real analysis on this subject or do you always stick with something that we know will not work.
Get to the root of our health care problems by addressing the content of processed food!
It doesn't work so expand it? That's  a typical politician response. Try that on a real job you get fired.
Bernie and the Republican Party stop the politics on healthcare let the American people have free medical care and pharmaceutical enough BS!
Who will pay for this free health care ?
Wow Bernie must be really smart he thinks he can do what no other in the world can do -make socialism work. Snowflakes educate yourselves.
Why not FIX ACA! NOV 1ST IS RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER!
Throwing stolen money from the citizens didn't work before, let's throw more money!

You're a special kind of stupid. Never switch Parties.
FIFY: MEDICAID for all.
You forced the ACA on the US using lies.

What makes anyone think that you're not doing the same thing now, besides denial and delusion?
No let's not.
The numbers do not work. Go take a math class. 117 mil peeps paying taxes for medical for 323 mill plus people as 45% do not pay taxes
You're right, as the richest nation we should promote policies to give 90% of the wealth to 1% of the population, that's working well.
Why should we trust the democrats on healthcare after the Obamacare disaster.
If America is healthy, the country will always grow better, faster, stronger.  it’s one of the governments most important functions.
Not until you improve the response to Medicare providers. Check out Kaiser's treatment of ppl in severe pain. Report going to Duncan hunter
Should be of Medicare providers.

go overseas and have to have surgery,through experience I tell you it's hell. Single payer sucks people!
But I'm trying to figure out how to AVOID Medicare in retirement! Now you want to force me to take it earlier? NO!
Go away Bernie, you bother me

I don't want to be in a 57% Marginal Tax Rate like Sweden. 
https://tradingeconomics.com/country-list/personal-income-tax-rate?continent=europe …
2/3 of all americans are obese. That means medicare for all, would basically bankrupt this country, as health care costs would explode.
He still alive? I can't believe that one got away without being snuffed out by the Clintons#runbernrun! No really RUN DUDE!!!
giving more of this to the government will not make it better or cheaper
While you’re at it, how about creating a health system that focuses on wellness & health instead of disease control/prevention!
I agree. Thanks Bernie.
Even a tiny fraction of the off-shore-tax-heavens brought back, will fund now, and in the long run productivity goes up because folks are OK
Go take your meds, Bernie. Expand coverage, expand national debt, tank the economy, reduce QUALITY of healthcare, etc. You are a nutcase.
Bernie, you old as shit baby. Just stop this shit and fight the GOP stripping healthcare from millions. No one cares you're running in 2020.
Move to Venezuela you idiot!
I agree; however, it should be 100% coverage like European countries. Not 80% like Medicare.  I don't go to the Dr like I should due to 20%
Non coverage
.Why did you and Obama steal from FNMA and Freddie Mac to keep Obamacare afloat? How do you expect to pay for this you ALT left Communist ?
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
Single payer does NOT work in other countries.  Canada has patients on gurneys in their hallways for on average 36 hours. Health care??
36 hours? that's not the hallways, that's the time between the call to the doctor and you being next up on his schedule


Hillary Clinton Blasts Bernie Sanders, Calls His Supporters ‘Incredibly Divisive’
Are you going to pay for it???
no. it's cheaper for the government than obamacare.
It's time for unbridled innovation, assistance for the needy, portability of benefits, and government to get the holy hell out of the way.
We could have had Bernie as president y'all
Lol. It's failing, so let's help it fail faster. Makes sense I guess.....

While we're at it Bernie, why don't we just give healthcare coverage to everyone in the Western Hemisphere??!!!!!
Most of them already have it.
Really?? Nicaragua? I hear Venezuela's healthcare is great! Mexico? Costa Rica?
And for anyone not interested in participating? The gulag!
Most of the people in the US agree with Bernie. But Trump and Big Money don't agree. They don't care about the people. It's the bread, Fred.
R U making noise to cover the Equifax & credit agencies fiasco. How do U feel about closing those down? What purpose those have in society?
How about: GET A JOB?
That's what Trump promised when he was campaigning...so go for it!
If u feel we should follow other nations with universal healthcare, why don't you feel we should have VOTER ID like other nations??
you guys lied.........obama said i could keep my insurance.

why would i believe anything you say?
Maybe you should have voted to Repeal it so Healthcare in America might actually have the chance to be Affordable. Now you OWN ACA #Fail
Illegal Aliens Will Receive Free Health Care Under Bernie’s Single Payer Bill
You know ACA is not working and wouldn't work. It's been all about pushing for single payer system. Lets get Congress enrolled in it too
Bernie has no basic knowledge of economics or healthcare, unit to do anything.
Long lines and folks paid to make sure your appointment is far from any time soon. This is now. I have major doubts!
Get it together: a strong, wealthy, prosperous nation isn't worth  if it's filled w/dying/depressed/indebted ppl!
Folks, at the end of the day, our government spends tons of money on all sorts of crap.
HOW IS THIS NOT A/THE PRIORITY?
Folks, at the end of the day, our government spends tons of money on all sorts of crap.
HOW IS THIS NOT A/THE PRIORITY?
If you bombard @Twitter with this nonsense enough, idiots will begin to believe it. Fortunately there's still @realDonaldTrump voters.
Old man get out of our personal business! I didn't have my paycheck ravaged for 35 years for you to give it all away to somebody else 
How about you create more jobs. Lets give that a try for once. Trump is doing it.
Right. We can't afford this, lets steal more from the ever shrinking tax payer. If that doesn't wrk let's print money.
I'm all for it if it can get done without making insurance companies & Pharma richer
from a Democrat who cares about this issue deeply -- go away. You will not be forgiven for craven attacks against the party you ran under.
No
Perhaps you could help this along by pointing out where in the Constitution the government has the authority to socialize the economy.
Or not, we can always not expand coverage #stopspendingmymoney
your not on power! We want less government..more for the people!! You was not voted president for this reason!! Enjoy losing!!!
You believe in money trees, don't you? I would like to see you run a company w/o any freebies.
Yeah.... it's already broke.... let's really destroy it
Bernie Sanders is the Dr Smith of Lost in Space.
let's just get us what you guys have - shouldn't be that tough - never gone happen though is it?


Giving anything away free is not the answer
or poetically...
Public mistrust
We hope will thrust
Insurers unjust
To corporate dust
Will doctors accept your mandated salary Bernie? I doubt it. Lower standards in health care, medicine research. Equal death for all.... Yay!
Let's end politicized cronyism and wasteful government bureaucracy and restore the free markets that Congress ruined over last 70 yrs.
We need universal care not Medicare. If you wouldn't use it neither should we.
Absolutely not, Bernie!
If not health then what should government invest in?
Idiot!!!!!Where's the money coming from?
