Trump: "It's frankly disgusting the way the press is able to write whatever they want to write and people should look into it." (via CBS) 
Only if he could read above a 3rd grade level.
We must 25th him!!
Don't you mean 86?
You know what's really disgusting, out of all presidents who aimed high and missed, you aimed low.. monetizing the poor needs
@bee_sarahs Bernie is Savage 
On January 20, 2017, Trump took the Oath of Office in which he swore to defend the Constitution. He has failed this oath miserably.
Really?? How. Please shed some light on this.
If Bernie's tweet & Trump's own words in the @kylegriffin1 tweet above aren't enough to help you understand, I don't know what would.
Ok I get it now.  You believe BS and some MSM hack but you don't have an original thought in your head.  The video he posted was spot on!
Ok I get it now - You don't understand the 1st Amendment and that Trump spoke against it.
No genius he didn't. He spoke out against made up news and made up facts based on made up anonymous sources.  Big difference. Antifa much?!?
NBC reported what three officials told them. That is news, not "made up" anything.
Have you not spotted the "go for guns & we go for free speech" angle the far right would like to push? @WhitfordBradley
You're assuming his level of reading comprehension is adequate, Senator.
sic bern
What is disgusting to Trump is hearing the truth from the Press. It's amazing how this man insist of remaining ignorant about Constitution.
Get em’ Bernie.
Unfollowing u
#Invokethe25th
“I want” “I know” “ I “ “ I “  - he only thinks about himself. Every sentence is “I “ blah blah blah. Disgusting
He's seriously the most embarrassing leader we've had yet. I've never known someone to be so so ignorant in this position of power.
45 is trying to take away our rights and our freedom of speech and freedom of the Press. He needs to be in prison!  Let's see his taxes
FUCKING IMPEACH HIM @BernieSanders !
Wrong again COMMIE. There are limits to the 1st; and lies/libel are not protected. The great @POTUS is correct! @seanhannity, @newtgingrich
First time in my life where I feel the threats of authoritarianism in the US and it’s making me ill . Between POTUS and AG , it’s truly sickening .
I wasn't aware that the press bold faced lying to the public was protected by the 1st Amendment. Thanks for clearing that up!
You know, the US Constitution has a 2nd Amendment as well. You should read that some time.
So if NYT published article about you molesting kids that's cool, no need to be accurate?
Frankly @realDonaldTrump , the only thing disgusting is what you write
Bernie has the MSM reported on Sen Menedez trial? ooops
It's also called lying.
https://www.aclu.org/news/aclu-court-fight-federal-officials-blocking-young-womans-abortion-texas … he's breaking law against women's right to an abortion. stopping her from getting one. on american soil.
He's trying to live up to his "moron" moniker.

yet trump FULLY supports FAKE NEWS FOX because they wash his feet with their white tears.
Simple fact: @realDonaldTrump is ignorant of our Constitution. He has no business being @POTUS

Unless he reads from a prompter--which, more often than not--Grump ignores.
Obummer was the absolute BEST teleprompter reader in the world - and the WORST leader ever elected.  Go figure?

@realDonaldTrump
True. A pig with a toupée on it's head for some inexplicable reason.
Love this, Joey! Hmm, hate to be snarky, but you deserve it, MoronINChief #NotMyPresident
It's my pleasure.  Laughing at this disgrace of a man can be therapeutic while we're waiting for his inevitable impeachment/resignation.
It's funny watching the fat rich spoiled brat sink the entire gopoop with him. I can't wait to vote Progressive this coming 2018 & then 2020
Looked into it... it's an American right
Lol don't think he can read!
Even worse, that a PRESIDENT can say & do whatever he wants up to & including WWIII & no one can/will stop him! FIX THAT before anything!
@kylegriffin1 With 1A there are responsibilities that go with it..slander is against the law! #BreadLineBernie

Yeah likeFOXNewsgetting together with sinister DonaldTrump making up their own shit as they go along for a whole hour lying to America
Have you ever heard of the amendment that give us #americans the right to #healthcare? Nah, me neither. Rights are to defend against the governent like you so rightly expostulated.
Although you can make the case that the line "promote the general welfare" is exactly that. But something more explicit would be great.
I can't disagree with you more. There shouldn't be a guaranteed right to health insurance you are basical proposing a modern day slavery on #companies and #doctors. The entire idea of our government proved through the years of christening  fires is to give freedom.
I'm not for a guaranteed right to health insurance, but to healthcare. Modern day slavery argument is stretching so hard it must hurt.
Please tell me what slavery was. Would you agree that it was the forced approriation of goods and services from individuals not free to decline service? And tell me how I stretched the bounds of logic with that case.
You really believe that someone choosing to become a doctor in a socialised healthcare system would make them a slave? Oh my.
the choice is not forced; you are correct it comes down to why do you think it would work? Why would giving every person healthcare actually work. It has never worked before.
It works in most other developed countries.
As POTUS attempts to change the US constitution by messing with the first amendment could he also take a look at the second.
Is he literate?

MIKE PENCE AND FAKE NEWS CNN 
It's ya right to have a stupid opinion but it's not right to use fear based "opinions" to influence others.
1st A does not excuse them from criticism when they're wrong, which is obviously Trump's point here.  You and DT should both study the 1A
Libel & Slander are not constitutionally protected!
Isn’t that exactly what that buffoon does daily?!
SPJ Code of Ethics. Journalists shoulnd't say whatever they like, whenever they like when they do report stuff. They shouldn't opiniate false claims nor get overly personal and politically biased. You should check it out some time.
You're comparing a code of ethics to the constitution laws vs opinions ... BYE
Like the 2nd amendment that Democrats constantly attack? Pen is mightier than the sword. Time to regulate the root of the problem.
So...he promised to make America great again, but instead he's unmaking a great America.
America was never great unless you were rich and white.
He is an embarrassment to humanity.
He is always Whining.  Maybe, that's what he meant.
I love u dad
Good Bernie! Now move on to the 2nd Amendment and read THAT!
It must be the truth and not lies like the media tells every day. Liberals and Democrats do nothing but lie about the president.
And rest of world too ? Are u serious ?? OMG u are...Sad
BUUUUUUUUUUUUUURN!!!!!! 
A Bernie Burn
soooooo, that being true, have you started impeachment proceedings? enough talk. take action.
The First Amendment doesn't cover libel. 45 should be investigated for that in that case.
He has zero command.  He doesn't even sound like he believes what he is saying.  He's running scared.
He's talking about the made up crap , it's not journalism anymore , just fabricated liberal agenda . Constant . Unrelenting.

Coolest prez ever !
Nobody should be censored... but let's not pretend the mainstream press has credibility and hasn't been churning out propaganda relentlessly
Not propaganda.  We have #HarveyWeinstein's political equivalent destroying this country.
I've caught many lying, embellishing, etc.

If you want to attack Trump that's up to you.

But pretending MSM don't spew propaganda is dumb.
You're confusing fact-based reporting that exposes your Führer as a lying charlatan with propaganda.  Joseph Goebbels would love you, Adam.
For any that are unsure of who is and isn't a propagandist... check this out:

http://www.mindivogel.com/uploads/1/1/3/9/11394148/how_to_detect_propaganda.pdf …
Wonder if Congress banned the POTUS from using Twitter for all the Fake Tweets or DT would think it was ok
Why does he still tweet? I thought (and could be wrong) but wasn't he supposed to give up his phone & personal social media?
"Those who deny freedom to others, do not deserve it themselves" Abe Lincoln
Ooooohhhh I like that!

No brain. No heart. No soul.
What’s really funny is Russians can buy ads on Facebook and say whatever they want too. You seem fine with Russia saying false stuff. Why two standards?
Anyone can buy ads on Facebook if they have the money. Not just Russians
So it’s ok to improperly inform them?  People can say what they want yes. But lie to push their own agenda?  Is that right?  NO
That's not always the case. I guess you're buying into the whole "fake news" thing.
Well the media claims Trump didn't send help to PR. Now are crying he is going to pull out help he never sent. One or other is fake news.
He’s basically saying it’s disgusting to have free speech.
He's saying media should be held to a higher standard and be held accountable for lying but don't let facts interfere with you hate
U must mean the high stds that FOX, or freaks like Alex Jones are held to. Sounds like ur brainwashed by foreign & domestic enemies #Ftrump
You think Fox isn't fake? They're all trying to tell you what to think and how to feel, like when they sell sheep on the Russia hoax
Isn't Jones a blogger or YouTuber or something? Is he on a network or cable opinion based entertainment show? Like CNN Fox or MSDNC?
Try thinking. I would say try thinking for yourself but you seem the type that feels emotional response is more meaningful than facts
U don't know wtf ur talking about. Unlike you, I'm a moderate who makes decisions based on truth and reason...with one of the best IQs. lol
You rt George takai and cnn... So much for the truth
Yes and we have a 2nd Amendment as well, the right to bare arms. Just in case anyone forgot that. #dontbaneguns
Don't be surprised if trump looks to repeal the 1st Amendment
It is frankly disgusting that you lie so much. I think someone should look into it.
It's disgusting to lie every time you open your mouth.
Freedom of speech is different than libel old man
oOOOOO
No one can check better than me, I challenge Bernie for a checking competition. He cannot look into eclipsing sun. @realDonaldTrump
amen to that!!! seems he has no idea yet again on what any laws actually mean!
Perhaps Trump was referring to stupid Americans who lap up every socialist dream.
Excellent reporting = 3 sources, full quotes IN context.

Lots of media has been falling short and deserves his statement.
But he can tweet whatever lie or madness he wants ? Yeh that's fair...NOT..he really isn't very bright
trump could never get past the preamble let alone all the way to the Ammendments.
Mr. Trump please read the First Amendment !
Our Prime Minister's thought bubble; "Face check, face check...". Argh....
We report you fact check, that isn't news uncle Bernie.  That's news entertainment.
There is a dr. At MIT WHO STUDIES POLITICAL SCIENCE AND NEWS! YOU LOOK INTO IT! He helped Finland
Shakespeare would have run out of words to talk about how repugnant this president is.
I think Trump is talking about twisting facts and lying on the news to sway the masses. Not about the freedom of press
That would require him reading. Not gonna happen.

Listen to Bernie sir.
What a gobshite.
Let's remember this every time you want to change the Constitution.

You can't pick and choose Bernie.
Like every lie? That’s way too much for any reporter to cover.
lol ! – at 2390 Palisade AVE
New York Times & YouTube Caught Promoting Their Videos While Censoring Others https://www.pscp.tv/w/1yNGambezLjGj  #AlexJonesShow LIVE 11am-3pm CT 
He could read it...to many big words.
If Trump doesn't know what the #25thAmendment is, he certainly doesn't know what ANY of them are OR that he swore to uphold the Constitution
the 1st dose not apply to lies.
Don't they control the press in North Korea?
The gold star father tried to give him a copy.
Go back to school
Bernie Bernie Bernie How's that fraud CASEyou and your wife created 
Still have a few followers believing your hate and LIES
🛇 TO SOCIALISM
Yes Bernie. They are as free as you to make fools of themselves as often as you do.
It’s called “Libel Laws” & journalistic integrity.  “If u don’t read the news ur uninformed. If u read the news ur misinformed.” Denzel W.
Making up news isn’t first amend its reckless and negligent. Big difference in opinion and stating things as fact.
Lmao
He hates the constitution and is violating his oath of office to uphold the 1st Amendment. Reach across the aisle to Corker. Invoke the 25th
He didn't know what the 25th amendment is, no reason to expect he'd know about any of the others.
He can't read. He doesn't want to read it. He just mindlessly spouts sewage and signs papers he thinks are good. If his buddy Vlad says its bad, he will demonize it instead.
At the very least, go take a damn CIVICS class!
I see you Bernie! 
It’s called defaming, and regardless quit pouting when he talks about the NFL then
You can’t love the Constitution and Trump at the same time GOP.
The people deserve to be able to rely on that which is labeled "news" to be news and not opinion. We have mechanisms for that.  The issue is that those mechanisms have become dysfunctional because the portion of DC that isn't supposed to be political now is.
He did...and he didn't like it...
Not supported by a FCC license
A fairness type doctrine would mean a dramatic change to Fox News
@kylegriffin1 lies are the only way you radical left wing socialist can fight
Bernie should have been our president he cares about us
It's called slander when you say something that is not true publicly!
The man is clearly learning disabled
And you should check out the 2nd Amendment...
hes not just trying to be dictatorial, but a lazy one too.  why doesnt he look into it

I thought free speech was all the rage in the US?
Trump continues to show utter disregard for the law, human decency and democracy. Those who resist calling for impeachment are complicit.
He'll have to learn to respect and uphold our U.S. Constitution. Otherwise, I'm pretty sure impeachment is ahead.
We looked into it, @realDonaldTrump. It’s called the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. You should check it out some time.
Thank you Bernie for supporting our constitution So you will block any attempts at taking away our 2nd amendment with the same furor right?
The 25th Amendment, Section 4, is far more important now. Learn it; use it in a groundbreaking, bipartisan coup. It's legal and necessary.
, He is not qualified to be President!  The 25th needs to be used to save us all!
Well quite frankly, I think it's disgusting that he does and says whatever he wants without checking his mouth or his facts first.
NOT when it's done knowingly that it will cause violence.
Oh, now you want to use the 1st amendment....you crap all over the constitution and the amendments daily, but now you think it's important?
Bernie you know he can't read stop making fun 
"We looked into it..." LOLOLOLOL
Yeah ... he's clueless. It's embarrassing 
Bernie please collab with @Eminem it would be fire
Let’s not forget Bernie is from Brooklyn... I’m sure he can kick a few rhymes 
Yeah, Bernie's favorite,Your land is my land, that would be great!
@Potus has never read the Constitution, let alone understand it! Uninformed,  unstable & completely out of control! #IMPEACHMENT #SICKGUY
. . . and uphold your oath to protect and defend it.
Quite frankly I think it’s disgusting that this man is the POTUS
But that would require him to actually read something and comprehend what it means which is beyond him
What an incredibly ignorant person!...
He is such a MORON!! And so are ALL of that enable him!! #ImpeachTrumpNow #MoronInChief
It's disgusting when a failing racist bigot businessman harasses a successful black man about his birth certificate knowing it's a total lie
BOTH OF YOU. WHERE ARE YOUR TAXES? @SenSanders is hiding his TAXES just like @realDonaldTrump!
@vansopinion8ted @realDonaldTrump  His mug fixture on WH walls...The Haunting Orange
Not all Speech is protected.. Even with the 1st Amendment.
@POTUS @FoxNews @WhiteHouse @business @bizrpt

I didn't have to "look into it". It's a shame that you haven't.
I didn't have to "look into it", @POTUS. Read my avatar. It's part of the Constitution that you haven't read.
Obviously talking about yellow journalism
Dear beloved President, we don't believe one word the liberal news puts out.
And I agree any main media sources should be heavily fined or shut down for knowingly spreading lies to sway opinions of the public
He's not speaking out against the First Ammendment, he's speaking out against the lack of journalistic integrity in the MSM.
How about you start calling for Trump's impeachment. Make something happen to remove him from office instead of trying to come up with underwhelmingly "whitty" tweets.
Go collect your welfare check
Lets check out #25th too #fuckingmoron
It's frankly disgusting that 45 lies to the American people and quotes fake news every single day. Please, someone look into it. #Impeach45
Allowing the media to lie is not a free speech issue. People need to be able to get unbiased truthful and reliable information.
It now has an *footnote RESERVED ONLY FOR DONSLD J TRUMP
It appears that all of Congress, and the President and his staff need to read the Constitution. Except Senator Sanders.
It's the 25th that he should worry aboit
@PiperPerabo @realDonaldTrump @kylegriffin1 Trump is a coward through and through,  he has the maturity of a 5 year old. Save Us
And the mighty shell fall what gose up must come down that means you Donald duck I mean trump
