There's nothing like threatening the companies that make life saving drugs...
You mean enrich themselves through market manipulation of life saving drugs. Look into why they aren't developing new gen antibiotics.
You're right. 

Let's rely on Venezuela, one of Bernie's favorite countries, for drug research.
Actually, Cuba would be a lot better
Cuba is so awesome that the people build rafts out of garbage just to escape it.
why is it always some fucking mongoloid with a founding father avatar?...
If you've never heard David Cross' take on the founding father fetish, do.  It's hilarious.
Too bad Bernie has no details for his plan. He is same snake oil salesman as the GOP. You need to pay for all this. Failed in Colorado, ca
They said that a long time ago. You talk like it matters to Congress what Americans think. Just means more $lobbying bribery.
Bernie loves his platitudes. Too bad he can't come up with a detailed health care plan that is paid for.
"a 7.5 percent payroll tax on employers, a 4 percent individual income tax and an array of taxes on wealthier Americans & corporations" is 1
IN THE SPIRIT OF FDR!
Outlets say paying for it is 'unclear' bevause there are multiple options. The options are clear, it is unclear which one will be chosen
Love you Senator Sanders #NotMeUs #WeThePeople 
#BigPharmaLies
They should be the cost of life saving medicines are ridiculous. Once again only the rich have a right to live.
Your plans will get people killed while bankrupting the country.
The current system is so bad that the main reason for individuals to declare banrupcy is due to medical spending
There is no reason to make everyone else suffer for an individual's misfortune.
There is no reason for people to suffer because of them , with universal most wont is better for almost everyone
Enough is Enough, the market place concerning cost, is destroying consumers needs.
Please lessen Medicare paperwork. My neurologist won't take it as it took full time worker so must pay out of pocket. Also testing, equip
You really need a new neurologist. I have never heard of one not taking m'care. Something not right there. You can be robbed blind!
He says he cannot afford the staff it takes to do the paperwork. He's a GREAT doctor so I can't give him up. He's stuck with me for 20yrs
Of course it's your choice but neurologists see many elderly pts and take medicare. Good luck to you
**READ THE LIST OF OPTIONS FOR PAYING FOR IT IN THE BILL BEFORE SAYING HOW DO THEY PAY 4 IT**
These people w/HELP OF GOP having been ROBBING AMERICANS of BILLIONS. VOTE AGAINST GOP IN 2018. Let's take AMERICA BACK from GOP ENTITLED!
Don't forget Cory Booker
Please let me forget Cory Booker. I have enough nightmares!
No ones forcing you or making you buy any meds they produce now!!! Oh sorry I forgot Except Barry care u must have insurance.b4 that No one
Hi yeah why didn't you wait until after September 30 to release this plan? No one is paying attention to the #ACA repeal that's happening rn


CEO's, lobbyist, advertising, are the main reason for profit health insurance is so damn expensive.
Please provide support for this observation!
Pharma CEOs and lobbyists should be the ones fighting to not be deported!
Americans are nervous and they should also be because this Bernie Sanders socialist plan will be even worse then Obama care
Enough is Enough... audit Pharmma/Ins. CEO's taxes
WHAT POLITICAL PARTY HAS "BIG PHARMA" GIVEN THE MOST TO IN THE LAST 15 YEARS?? Tell the TRUTH Bernie!! #initialsBS
We need to catch up with the rest of the civilized world. This is long overdue. It is time to have universal health care in the USA!!!

schadenfreude

He looks like you!
With Medicare for all patients can not afford medicine. Say no to government intrsuiveness.
Good!
Yep and here is Bernie.
No they are not. Why do you all get your hopes up for nothing? This Crazy Bernie anti-freedom anti-American no choice bill is going nowhere.
These anti arguments are so stupid! Completely ignoring the rest of the developed world is on single payer,still there is good r&d, trtmt,
SANDERS not Saunders ... I shared it anyway but please update. #GetInsuranceOut #MedicareForAll
We don't want you socialist agenda that gives power to politicians and puts a cap on a citizen's ability to move up social economically.
Now we get to see if America is a democracy because the majority of Americans support Medicare for all but the oligarchs are against it
American people have complained for years it's dirty greedy scum politicians that get all the money!
You mean excited for all the government subsidies that are coming
Medicare is funded by drug companies we need universal care.
Enough is enough!!!
@WuTangClan Pharma Bro is Nervous
About dropping the soap
THATS THE BERNIE I WANNA SEE!!!
GO GET EM!! TEAR THEM DOWN!!
#berniebankfraud
Pharma and generic drug companies are greedy and will eventually have consequences of their GREED!
This is the best
@PortiaABoulger @theintercept ENOUGH!!!!!!
But Corey Booker is big pharmaceutical
Boy! Am I waiting for that day because Big Pharma Execs have been ripping Americans off for years. Nervous? I certainly hope so. Hurray! B
Let insurance fail. Some senators are nervous too! The ones who accepted big payouts who didn't co-sponsor this bill. 
#We'reComingForYou
Pharma CEOs will always find ways to make money. They do it in countries with single payer systems- I doubt they're worried
The Bern is the danger!
BS! @KamalaHarris @SenWarren et al. are4 #Medicare4All b/c they'll NEVER have 2vote on it. @CoryBooker @PattyMurray killed Rx Drug Imports.
We are coming for them! We're tired of them screwing around with us
Go get em! Canadians are behind you! 
Business is nervous that voters will agree with politicians?

Good!
It's way over due!
we dont need Medicare for all we have obamacare according to the Democrats it the best health care in the world.
Betting one of them is thinking about paying Shkrelli's defense or buying rights to the toxoplasmosis drug & dropping price as a platitude
Will be a truly horrifying day for capitalism when they can't charge $5000 for a bag of saline.
and everyone who has experienced socialized medicine.
Why are they nervous, Bernie, is your wife negotiating a real estate deal for them?? 
Well we see where pharma stands on their pay cut with medicare for all. Now let's hear from care providers about their massive cuts.
I hope they're so nervous that they all go out of business and we don't have to worry about buying prescription drugs anymore.
they should do corporate inversion move overseas and cut your plan off from all medicine
About you give me a break
