At what point can this senile old man be forcefully put in a nursing home?
That's the only language you rightie neanderthals know: force. Like that mongoloid running for Congress in Montana
Force is a word libtards should learn. You prefer to get tea with killers than killing them
You're imperialist morons who just had to get involved in the Middle East's problem, destabilize them and make their conflicts global
You're a real bright one. You're familiar with what happened on 9/11/2001 right?
Don't say that!! That may hurt the feelings of muslims and we just can't have that!! How insensitive of you!!
Strange!  Club for Government Waste raves about trump's budget as putting Americans first and cutting waste!

'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
@SenSanders @CNNOpinion  could not agree more
Feel the BERN!!  Socialism now!
What a joke. Does anyone take these clowns seriously?

Says the guy accusing other candidates not paying their taxes while he himself barely paid any.
Oy vey.
immoral is pretending to be a regular guy but owning three homes.  Let some of these poor people u want to help share ur other 2 homes
Al Bernie wants to run is his mouth.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR SOCIALIST TAX ,70% ON AMERICANS 
TO PAY FOR ALL YOUR FREE SHIT ,
Derms are immoral unrepentant LIARS. Say anything lie cheat just to get votes
Obamacare isn't dying — Trump is deliberately trying to kill it.

A NowThis exclusive op-ed from @ChrisMurphyCT:
The budget is a good first step. Sanders should go away, and stop with his socialistic agenda that would be bad for any country.
I just want to thank Vermont for giving us this guy, he's always good for a laugh
You make me get a headache.
It won't pass.. as simple as that .. it has so many misleading messages. They don't even take the time to read the material.
MEMO: to hillBOTIANS
Where's your  
WonderWoman hillary At...?
Out Here Fightin' For Ya...
huhhh?

Why stop at a minimum wage. We need to legislate a maximum wage of $50 for Congress, DRs, lawyers, teachers, actors, musicians, potus, CEOs
Thank you for speaking up
Cue the usual ad hominem attacks: √ 3 mansions √ Audi √ tax return √ wealthy √ DNC payoff √ Jane & FBI √ Venezuela √ socialism never works
Dear CNN. You covered Trump much more than you did all the other candidates put together.

DONALD MCRONALD IS YOUR FAULT!!
The pilgrims came for not
# It is truly time for this senile hypocrite liberal out of touch dinosaur to retire - and the same can be said about Bernie Sanders ...
You know what's immoral?  A college president who falsifies loan applications, causing the college to go bankrupt and shut down.  #Felony
I don't like President Trumps budget either, but unlike the Clintons and Obama, he hasn't yet raided gramma's Social Security fund
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/867801769124012032 …
It's exactly what you'd expect from the immoral self absorbed idiot that Donald is.
Chocolate Chip Cookies Are Wholesome Reminders Of American Values - President Trump Loves Chocolate Chip Cookies And Loves America.!
Bernie Sanders!  Bernie Sanders Tonight!! https://youtu.be/7Lix-ajZ4Sk?list=PLtoeCT0_A4_A6GFlukHQFbFt22x3Yg4Jl …  Tonight!!!
Your wife just lauded Iran and you have no idea how basic economics work
Obviously.
Bernie should know that it's a proposed budget only & needs to go to the Senate & will go through changes there first before it's approved
