You committed bank fraud and lawyered up, what are you afraid of @BernieSanders? #CrookedBernie #BernieBankFraud #BernieFraud
#BernieBankFraud now we know why he caved Hilary had goods on him
Where's the Beef? Bernie, Bernie, Bernie!
Not afraid. Republicans empowered. know they have majority. don't care what Americans want. willing to kill disabled kids & adults 4 taxcuts
Just like the asses did with Obummer care. Turn about is fair game..
Listening right now! Go Bernie!!!
#BankFraudBernie
Senator Saunders to me you are the only one who speaks up to them look like you stand alone what is the rest of the senate doing
Senator Sanders a true champion never quits, gets up off the mat when he's been knocked down, and keeps fighting for what's right.
What were democrats afraid of with Obumbler Care? They never brought the bill out. Kept behind closed doors until passed.
Thank you, Senator.
For socialism?
Jesus Christ was a socialist!
Senator Sanders you are a true CHAMPION.  You are at a stage in life where you very easily could hang it up.  But  u r still fighting. Txs
They're trying to find little words to explain it to you.
Give them time to fix your f'ups.
Damn Bernie we still don't know what's in Obama care
They will impose a "bastard" bill.
Good grief
Trumpcare needs extreme vetting! It affects millions!
Must have skipped vetting on ACA
Nope. A year of committee meetings/round table meetings and 160+ Rebuplican amendments. Repair not repeal!
Just as the Dems were when ramming Obamacare through without allowing us to know what's in it?
Don't forget James Thomas Hodgkinson the Bernie bro assassin.
Maybe afraid of being killed by one of you crazy maniacs?
Just  ridiculous. What about the Trump supporter that killed 7 African Americans in church? Your comment is absolutely  nonsense
Liar
I know. Saint Bernie can do no wrong in the eyes of his adoring bots. Bernie is a windbag
False.
True
Inspired 
Bernie's still at it from the Senate floor TODAY 
"We've got to stand up and fight in a unprecedented way"
HODGKINSON TOOK up ARMS

Senator Sanders as you well know it's hard to do a Mac door deal in the light of day.
Fight the good fight Bernie. #FeelTheBern
It's not about Phil to doing a careful job on riding at unlike you Democrats did not do the same when you produced you're monstrosity
The 1% aren't citizens of the USA; they live in other countries. The @GOP works for those foreigners and not us.
It would be kinda fun to say we gotta pass it before we can find out what's in it...
What were you afraid of with Obamacare, that it had to be passed to know what's in it ? What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
Mr Sanders, even after last weeks shooting by one of your supporters, you continue to stir the hate pot. Your scare tactics only enrage!
Exactly!! What are they trying at the last minute to foist upon an unsuspecting population of citizens a law that will deny health coverage
Bernie mocked and denigrated the ACA for 7 years. Zero credibility
@SenSanders #DemExit #ThirdParty
They are waiting for election results.
afraid that good legislature will be shot down due to poor sportsmanship.
They're afraid they'll get "busted".  How 'bout a little honesty!?
The ACA spent a year in hearings/round table meetings. The Dems accepted 160+ Rep. amendments to it. WTF?
and your right, but on the flip side look into Hillary-comey-lynch connections, oh right you cant you took her money
BERNIE don't get uR birches in a wad. Relax and drink some more coffee. It's His job not urs' Sir
Please Retire!!
You need to shut your yap and listen for a change you@fraud
My Sanders he don't care about us he laughs at our dissabled like we are the blunt of his jokrs
You are wrong
First Lady Clintons healthcare bill... need I say more?
now you want to see the bill!!  just like you did on Obamacare you fraud!!
Thank you!
Wait you want to read this one?   YOU can't know what is in it until you vote for it.   HAHAHAHAHA.   R and D are all Tools.  D are worse
They are not afraid they are smart knowing that all the Democrats will lie About what is in so if you don't know you can't freaked lie
I watched you on c-span--thanks for fighting Bernie. I'm with you--cause you are clearly with all of us! Thank you!
Maybe getting shot, open armed rebellion???
There's no fear and you're lying to the American people you know the process at the committee level
Bernie you have no right to others labors.
Please help and follow @IronStache to defeat @SpeakerRyan in the next election.
Republicans don't have testicles
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews please confirm
Republicans cowards one and all u can smell their stink of fear half way down the mall when the wind blows right
Ever see one of those "no fear" shirts. We own that shit.
Do you request the same for Obamacare?
Thank you!!!!!!!
Fight them until they break, Senator! America is with you.
Senator Hypocrite.
Doing the same thing the dems did? Sorry Bernie, you have to pass it to find out what is in it, democrat motto. #shortmemory
Lol
What is Bernie's fix for ACA?
Thank you Senator! Please save our country!
Thanks for standing up for your fellow Americans!
You're afraid of Hillary!
But I need you to. All me
My question: How CAN a bill with no debate even be past? WHAT in our laws allows this?
Ask Nancy Pelosi.
they hide the bill because they know is going to hurt the people....
Republicans hate people who make under $1 million per year. That's their brand
Why are they so hateful ?
Don't let them jam this through without looking us in the eye!  We deserve to know what's in that bill...
Zip  it Bernie
The will screw Americans behind their backs!
Bill screw us, and they're going to laugh at the same time.
house is the beach house? How about the college loan scam!
PLEASE.
KEEP FIGHTING. 
I fight to keep working, without insurance and drug coverage that all goes away.
Do not let them do this!
#they are afraid no one will like it.
Their health bill would probably be just as much of a failure as their budget proposal.. they know it won't pass if others know about it

They are more concerned with themselves than the health of our nation.
Yes, just like the dems did with Obummercare.. I don't think so crook, you of all people shouldn't be addressing anyone on the senate floor.
My how u have a selective memory. Over 30 days in R's hands to make over 100 amendments. All in Senate. #ActualFacts
Increasingly I feel our government is against us!  When did it become ok to hate the poor and middle class
#it's really what they are ashamed of.
You mean the way they let everyone read #Obamacare before it got voted on. #hypocrite
They literally had a month to review it and even added over 100 amendments to the bill. Funny how u don't remember factual history.
preach
Thank-you
Why would any sane person rush such an important bill #Burnie? You want another Obamacare like disaster for the core?
Wherein it only works for welfare dependant & the privileged? Wherein the #core gets screwed?
@SenSanders Please keep pushing that these orgs, their life's work is our health, are against the #AHCA 
Please help us, please!
Get a grip, if u survived Obumer Care, u can survive anything.
Supporting your stand against secrecy by GOP Senate re: #Trumpcare. #ShowUsTheBill
Pass it, then read after
Thank You Bernie! We still have your back!!
He is the one who put our "backs" up against the wall. Bernie has accomplished  nothing in 30 years. All bluster. No results. A windbag
WAY TO GO, BERNIE!!
Go get em Bernie
What will you have to say.  Another all talk no action politician
Go Bernie GO!   Make them feel The BERN!
You didn't on obozo care
Use their line that we don't want this bill "crammed down our throats"!
Good luck with that...
"We have to pass it to find out what's in it."  Sound familiar, hypocrite?
Why don't you introduce a bill?!
He has.
Another paid staffer on the FEDERAL PAYROLL tweeting for Bernie... Whatta guy... can't tweet for himself!!!
He don't care, he got plenty of money from the Killary foundation.. he's a fraud!!
And the big orange is real. Yeah, right
Why didn't u guys bring out the bill in 2010..
.
A million thanks you's.
Not a fan Bernie but to be fair you should have been the nominee.  Your own party threw you under the bus in favor of a criminal
Do you not remember how the democrats passed Obamacare? "Pass it and we'll see what's in it." You lost your chance with last election.
That's not even accurate. The R's had over a month to read & added over 100 amendments to ACA. <- #FactualHistory
Love the replies on Facebook! So many want universal healthcare. Not #TAGANDBAG turnip care. I kinda like my friends and family alive :)
Even Mr. Deplorable himself called it mean
It will be worse than it is now and giving super rich more money  more money 
Tell them Bernie, BRING IT and get ready for the uproar and start pacing, voting booth will be your, YOU'RE FIRED moment.
I don't remember any outrage from you when
Obamacare was just as, if not more so, a secret. Am I wrong?
Keep the heaton those cowards.
Bernie go clean house for Hillary. Do something good with your frivolous life.
Thank You Senator!!!!!!!  Love 
Why? The democrats passed the ACA without anyone reading it before it was illegally passed.
 #Fake  R's had bill over 30 days & added over 100 amendments while in Senate. Go ahead. Use Google. U can thank me later.
OF COURSE NOT IS SOMETHING PERSONALLY AGAINST @BarackObama
You've been running around the country telling one tale after the other about a bill you just admitted to not have seen. Very suspicious
Yessssssssssss.........

If the have one,  it is horrible...
Revolution!! with words. period. MM is a one man band of No.
Did you read Obamacare before passing it you 1%'er?
Look in the mirror. Americans are sick of hypocrites like you
Thank you for saying - again - that healthcare is a right and not a privilege.
Only in a civilized cuntry. This doesnt apply here. We are not a civilization, we're a marketplace youre not a citizen, youre a consumer
You will magical fairies to invent free money to fund everything in your head.
Keep persistent!!
What is it Bernie, you claim it's going to kill millions one minute and the next you claim the Republicans won't tell you what's in it?
Most important thing for them is to give trump an Obamacare repeal, no matter the cost.  It's what he has to achieve.  What do they get?
Don't forget to let the People know that Trump and GOP are sabotaging the ACA.
They know it is bad for American people.No love for Americans from some Republicans.Go Bernie!
Republican #Healthcare Act
And they wax poetic about democracy. There fascists
PLEASE HELP UNITE ALL AMERICANS!
I'm working on a secession movement to remove California from the union. I dont want to deal with these idiots anything
What does it matter, you're not going to vote for any bill from the Republicans anyways.
They're Afraid of Their Base who will tear their you know what off if they found out what @SenateMajLdr McConnell was up too  @GOP @HouseGOP
"Everyone is participating that wants to" says McConnell. Isn't today's session proof that is a complete lie?
They're afraid Democrates will fight dirty like they did with the ACA
What a bunch of snowflake lawmakers! What are they afraid of?! (Answer: losing their jobs after crafting a shitty bill that kills ppl)
Pass the bill to see what's in it do  you remember that dems. Are not in charge anymore LOL suck it up
We have to pass it see you can see what's in it Bernie!!!  #DemsPlayBook #AHCA #FullRepeal is the only way! Bye bye #ObamaCare! #MAGA
Bet their bill rewards their own bank accounts and those of their major campaign donors. Looks like they have gone total corrupt!
Thank you! @SenateDems @alfranken @amyklobuchar
They don't work for us. Their goal is a big tax break for the 1% and bupkis for us.
They are afraid of the people & the people realising how much they are going to be screwed by Ryan,and his buddy the Donald
You need to calm down and stop listening to libs and MSM. They stir up hate and lies
Please go as long as you can.  This is not just a protest for show, lives depend on you!
Didn't the u guys have 2 vote on Obamacare b4 u knew what was in it also. At least that's what Nancy Pelosi said.
They are afraid of another huge embarrassment!
You're not the only one
Greedy cowards behaving like entitled little dictators. So much for transparency and integrity and working for us.
Maybe it's a gay or transgender bill? /s
They have no bill other the golden parachutes strapped 2 back of these med execs and healthcare industry exec. No CARE 4 ppl other then 
They're afraid because they know it's bad and wrong.
That ought to do it.
Habeas corpus
