A society that fails to care for their sick is a sick society. It is a collection of evil #clowns in charge of some very confused #poodles.
America has the best HC in the world. The rest of the world have people dying waiting. You're the clown and dumb
Bernie, please realize we are not like other countries. We are a capitalistic country. We don't want socialized health care!
Germany, England & Australia r capitalist. They all HAVE healthcare 4 all. Health is a RIGHT not a privilege. Dont just listen to right wing
U R just a grouchy bitter old man with mentality of people who dont get their way, childish tantrums screaming..U belong Biggest Haters Club
Go Bernie
America is NOT like all major nations of the world. The lack of Socialism in America is what made her great!

#Individualism
Learn to differentiate socialism and social community. Education sometimes help.
Tell that to many who are currently suffering under socialism. Venezuela and Greece who wanted and live under social community theory.
Socialism nowhere ever was a success but no sucessful society can stay robust without social care. Eg all Scandinavia Germany Swiss Canada..
I hope you're right that the insanity won't continue.
Give it up Bernie. HC sucks in the test of the world fool
No nation has a CORRUPT health care b equipment
The VA supports 7m vets & is 100% government run. long waits and people dying. Now u want gov run HC for 350m people? You're insane!!!
Love his ideas.
Bernie. Fight them disgusting traitor treasonous Republicans and when it's time! We are ready to do our part! No cheating Make sure Dems ok
Don't run in 2020. #NeverBernie
Most Americans take a different view...
If that were true, he’d be president
Yes the U.S has led the world in; killing civilians, illegal invasions, military spending, imprisonment, political fraud, military bases....
Yes, god bless America
Absolutely
Those country's are bankrupt and people die waiting. Here: alive & BR, There: BR and dead you've been lied to and brainwashed
And you want to follow Cuba's model?   Hahahahah
We can't? Of course we can; those running this Godforsaken show have zero concern for our perceived 'standing on the global healthcare stage
We need to understand about Donal Trump.
Keep fighting Bernie. You are a hero!
He's a zero lol
We also can't continue to be the only one whose police slaughter the civilians...
We are not, stop living in a box travel a little. The libertys you have here although not perfect far exceed what you get anywhere.
2014: 348 recommendations that address myriad human rights violations in the US.
When obama was Pres. Thank god he's gone and HRC lost haha
I support Medicare for all but with a revenue neutral plan. See: http://BarryForUSSenate.com 
I love you. You're a stellar human being.
And where, as Canada painfully points out, neither is work. “Right to work”
Because we're the only major nation left with any brains...you know....brains, those things that you don't have and never will.
Yes yes yes
Bernie, the taxpayers DO NOT WANT SOCIALIZED MEDICINE. So just admit you're a blazing Marxist who favors socializing EVERYTHING.
Ummm. . .communist China under Mao and now under Xi does not have socialized medicine.
Ummmm guess what Sherlock, they have socialized EVERYTHING. Duh, that's what Marxist/leftist centralization is all about.
Again, you know nothing of what you speak.  Stop while you are behind.
As long as there is a private healthcare option so that the federal government isn't in complete control of our health...
No thanks, Bernie. I believe in myself and in the individual. Sorry for not being codependent.
Explain how South Korea, most of Europe, and even Iraq (single payer is something Bush pushed for in Iraq) are codependent.
I have news. You're codependent. The citizens in the places you named are dependent on the government. I prefer providing for myself.
how did you escape the nuremburg trials?
Dear Bernie, you will be remembered as someone who's consistently fought for what is right I'm so sorry that in this moment you are attacked
what is a "major" nation?
Switzerland
Lichtenstein
Estonia
South Korea
Lithuania
Austria
Norway
Finland
Portugal
Latvia
Sweden
Finland
Jemen
Argentina
Iceland
Italy
Works well in South Korea, Canada, and most of Europe.  Seems to work well in Israel too.
Yes.  I own a house in Virginia and do the six month/six month with my foreign wife with a Green Card.  Do I lose my rghts not being in USA?
I can still call my elected officials.  I can still vote. I can still have my say in the process.  "there," not their.  "you're," not your.
Donald Trump is a smart guy. What he did that is for American.
We lead now we bring up the rear in everything from internet 2 HC capitalism has cut off our legs removed our arms & tossed us in qwiksand
Interesting, conservative states fighting healthcare for all are RED ; while BLUE STATE VOTERS support healthcare for all red states-secede!
I wonder what legislators would do in a US without lobbyists with blood money. Would they do their jobs for their constituents well being?
Socialist Sanders wants to saddle the taxpayers with a costly system that he will not even define. Is abortion part of health care rights?
US is still leading... that's the responsibility of leadership! Right now it's the ass out front not the head! NincomPotus!
Yes, we know Senator. Got a plan?
How about the minor nations the USA is obliterating, Bernie?
He's been one of the only politicians to say we should cut aid to Isreal, no longer do coups, extricate ourselves from Saudis, ect.
Tom Hall on wsws re imperialism of Sanders
Ya I saw it, Syria part was dissapointing, but he's still miles better than 99% of them on foreign policy. I also just trust him a lot more.
Lesser evilism one more time is dooming
Ya but that to apply I'd have to consider Bernie evil, which I find absurd as a concept on its face.
Like people who denied Obama's evil? Et tu?
Libby, cmon now, Obama was spawned from the corrupt heart of evil like HRC, WJC, Al Gore, ect. Bernie is not corrupt, and uber beneficent.

MR SANDERS!!!!
I.HAVE NO WORDS 4 YOU!!!
OTHER THAN YOU ARE A UNBELIEVABLE EMBARRESSMENT TOO ALL PATRIOTS AN LEGIT CITIZENS OF AMERICA!!

Bernie 4 2020! He will put the flag back up under the real reason for the existence of USA!
Health care is a right. Thank you Bernie.
A right does not mean Govt pays for it.
A right to bear arms doesn't mean Govt pays for citizen's guns.

Sanders is a demagogue.
It should be for those who pay taxes Bernie and their families.  Legal Americans who have jobs and pay taxes
Your lying about the cost! Who can afford 9.5% tax and spread that over 6 years only covering 1/6 of the expense. 17t savings drop in bucket
Where in our constitution does it say health care is a right?

Your lying about the cost! Who can afford 9.5% tax and spread that over 6 years only covering 1/6 of the expense. 17t savings drop in bucket

If Obama care is so good why arnt you on it.
Exactly!Health Care for a healthy nation
Amen!!!  Thank you! @SenSanders You’re The best! I AND @vets4bernie SALUTE YOU!
Has your wife talked to FBI yet? Can you prove without doubt how you got the lake house? Your last FEc??? Where is it?
YES WE CAN.
Yes we can. Our leadership had zero to do with you
Ever heard of Canada?
Unless we take care of corruption re the healthcare industry it just how you are going to hand over the money. Doesn't improve anything.
Stop whining and put a REAL plan together! The ACA is a sham.
Every country with Socialized medicine is either dead broke or taxing their citizens by 65-82% of their income! Not sustainable!
Exactly! How we all yearn to be like Cuba and North Korea.
And if clothing were not a 'right', all the poor people would be running around naked.
I'm just so thankful for the inspiration and aspiration this man provides to millions of Americans who are struggling and being ignored. 
Bernie we have the best healthcare in the world. And yours is the cream of the crop.
Healthcare is big money they don't want to heal you. They want you dick and medicated .
https://classicmoderate.com/2017/09/24/has-obamacare-fixed-our-healthcare-industry-or-is-there-a-need-for-trumpcare/ …
WE have led the world in corruption, waste, and greed.
WE THE PEOPLE
will see to it that this changes.
#pitchforks
I love you #BernieSanders 
Donald Trump says he was ashamed of the NFL protest and why wasn't he a shamed of the white supremists?
We will rise President Trump be ashamed when you talk badly about John McCain are the Goldstar familiesbe very ashamed you bum
Bernie, where have you been, America has always had the Best HC System in the world, every American had a right to go when they needed.
We cannot be the only major nation that a complete incompetent is in charge.
It is already a right. Nobody will stop you from purchasing insurance plans.
I keep asking, how will it be paid.  Higher taxes??? How do we prevent the high wait time for Dr. Appts?
Should have thought of that when you trashed  the only candidate who could have moved us in that direction
1987, word.
No . You have never lead the world. It’s something Americans believe themselves. The world hates you . It’s the sad truth
But as a right for all will require additional funding through taxation - such in Medicare, but with limitations on amount of care
I'm being billed for public education for children that aren't even mine. Why I can't pay for something I can actually use. Health is basic!
How are we going to pay for it unless you help reign in the Pentagon and oppose permanent war?
NO END can justify the violation of individual rights. Say NO to universal health care
That's what greatness looks like. We could have aspired to something better for all. Instead, day in, day out we sweep up a river of garbage
To fix USA health care: full repeal O-care, big govt BACK OUT of health care, allow free market COMPETITION to fix problem
BS: U keep saying the same thing and u R wrong every time. HEALTH CARE IS NOT A RIGHT. Universal HC is immoral as u take away my freedom!
Please look into the German healthcare system.
..the answer. Where 23% is covered by employee and employer contributions and 77% government. Regulated by a Federal commission. It works.
Dear Bernie,
I don't know if a Single payer platform will be our resolve but you are headed in the right direction. Multi-payer might  be...
Can't change it RICH WILL NOT GIVE UP CASH COW  CALLED HEALTH CARE. never ever can't make billions on the sick and elderly. .....
If you take a slice of butter and spread it over a whole loaf you don't have enough butter to actually make the bread better
The left would be better out of the political spectrum. And just go Mafioso with all the corruption.
Amen, amen!
Dont we already have enough inferior public healthcare?
Yes we can. Gov't has not authority.
SOCIALISM!
This bill is opposed by any rational thinking person or organization, something that can't be said about @realDonaldTrump or #GOP Congress.
who leads by being the same as everyone else? leaders chart new paths forward.
So true
thanks for your part on the debate last night. We need to hear more of this
Absolutely!!
Show me in the constitution that healthcare is a right!!
Ask Cassidy if his hypocratic oath to cause no harm includes kicking millions off of Medicare...
That's the problem with socialists......they don't know what rights actually are. Rights, unlike politicians, can not be bought and sold.
You are the one that America need.. but also the world need.. really sorry you lost!!! Try again!!
Man is a shill for the status quo and a prevaricating fraud:
Neither are the obscene salaries and pension that congress voted themselves over the years.
Politicians with guaranteed Cadillac healthcare aren't really concerned about the rest of the countries healthcare needs.

Your lying about the cost! Who can afford 9.5% tax and spread that over 6 years only covering 1/6 of the expense. 17t savings drop in bucket
Stop with the distractions! You admitted SP won't happen in this admin. So that is not the healthcare priority now! Stop helping GOP
correct it"s past time INSURE ALL AMERICANS 
Hey Bennie,  STOP, DROP, AND ROLL!
BOOM! Tell it like it is, Bernie!!
France is converging wih USA on the topic. Thanks to Emmanuel Macron and his team of social right's destruction 
No, we have Obama care thanks to you Bernie.  Everyone has insurance.  Everybody happy?
Some argue it's not a right in the const. I say when they wrote promote & provide for the general welfare of the US, HC was what they meant
I agree
At least Bernie knows Obamacare is dead in the water. @HoustonBulldog
Why is it a right? What's the basis? Not the Constitution, not the Bible. Feelings?
your wife steals money
How about car insurance???
I know not everyone favors the Republican plan. But that doesn't make your plan right or better for that matter!
Politicians serve insurance companies. Not people.  You should hear my story.
Is that your strongest argument? It is a right to have healthcare? It's a right to have an education??  Retirement? What do you work for?
Communist!
where were you when this was happening? Crickets.
We led the world because we haven't been held back by the lowest common denominator that your socialist ideas glorify.
You said it, we lead we don't follow. We want your healthcare plan. How's that sound to you?
The system was great when you got away with ACA
RIGHT ON!
So write a check. We will start with you.  We just want you to pay 5000.00 dollars this year. So what do you say?
We led the world with a much smaller less intrusive gov't. Gov't involvement always equals failure.
America treats its citizens like a third world country.  Appalling. Keep up the good work Bernie.
We could stop funding proxy war & regime change in sovereign nations. Too much money wasted on useless i initiatives while Americans suffer.

Your lying about the cost! Who can afford 9.5% tax and spread that over 6 years only covering 1/6 of the expense. 17t savings drop in bucket
Yes we can because it’s not
We have 'led the world' because we are DIFFERENT from the rest of the world. Quit deceiving people, crazy jealous Bernie!
Yes,You led this wide nation in d/ t way peacefully and equally. We need you keep up it with your good way.
Will we be following Europe's lead in socialized medicine?  You know, eugenics for Down Syndrome and euthanasia for the Mentally ill?
In that case why don’t you rally your fellow Congress people to pass a bill? Get something done man! Talk is cheap...
We're a great nation because we do not have a socialistic Government telling us what we can or cannot do, and that includes health care.
We will no longer lead the world with your plan and ideas!
It isn't a right, it's a good or service provided to by private citizens for private citizens.
Since when is health care not a right in the U.S.?
Thank you Bernie!! #StillSanders #Sanders2020 #Medicare4All
Stop leading the world, they haven't voted for it. Start cooperating instead.
Exactly, PUT Americans first, do what your told,  you work for us. Plain and simple, you do understand don't you?
Defending the for profit insurance scam of Obamacare against a different for profit insurance scam; Both are horrible for citizens
Shut down Congress turn it to states these people do nothing for America draw pay check go on vacation
So keep making insurance companies richer
#Bernie2020
Military pays thousands for toilet seat. What will happen when government runs healthcare. Explain why this will be different
we also can't be the only ones who have premiums that are as high as a house payment.  and our government gets HealthCare for free
You ass holes already ruined the health care insurance
Health care IS a right berno.  But making other people pay for your health care is no more a right than making you buy me a gun would be
Government can't run its self I surely don't want them meddling in my healthcare.
Breathing is a right. Health care must be paid for by someone. It shouldn't be forced on the people. I'll buy my own thank you.
Like you said, leading the world. The rest will follow soon enough.
Explain ''Led''. Being a bully do's not  equal leadership.
Bull shut who pays for that right?
If only the DNC had let Bernie run against The Donald, he would have won and I can't begin to imagine what a country the US could become.
Bernie 2020-Make America what it could be & should be-The land of opportunity w/free state college education & affordable healthcare for all
Another person doesn't want to do shit, and get everything for free.
And others have lead the world in so many ways! Put that crack pipe down Bernie!
You have health care, ever been to the emergency room, what did you pay? Oh that's right NOTHING.
Healthcare was fine until dems made it their buisness
Just go away it's not working Blah blah blah @realDonaldTrump
Quality of care is kinda important to everyone but useless Government hacks. Just give us the same coverage you have.
If it passes I will die
Kennedy for president 
Socialist idea: I'm living give me crap
Would you have us follow Venezuela's example? That's where your socialism will lead us.
Was in Europe, it's ok if u have a cold, but something more serious u can forget about it, it's awful.. even Canada having massive issues
Not a right. Because confiscating some people's labor under threats of boots to the neck for benefit of others is not a right.  It is theft.
We are capitalist and don't want socialized medicine! If it is so great why do Canadians come here for medical care.
Love you man!!! Thanks for fighting on!
As long as rich people like you to pay for it.
#BankFraudBernie
Or one of two not in Paris agreement
Capitalism... is the reason why "we have led the world in so many ways for so long" #SocialistBern
And we are a great nation..........without people like you fucko.
nothing is a right, what happen to working for everything u have?
That's because no one wants your bullshit commie health care. So stop trying.
Health care has got to stop being about republicans and democrats plans.It is about people taking care of each other, not a political matter
Sure we can.
Just like #Venezuela!
Bernie. We can do both watch dog and save Puerto Rico can't we? Trump is MIA. Our island family needs US.
only major nation? you are too old to know what is really better to the nation.
Case for WAR @PutinRF_Eng files against immigrants @USSupremeCourt there unlawful here in union of public services employees 'cut funds©™®
Extreme capitalism is exactly what is putting USA out of the leading countries. We are going backwards.

Your lying about the cost! Who can afford 9.5% tax and spread that over 6 years only covering 1/6 of the expense. 17t savings drop in bucket
Bernie, healthcare may be a right under socialism & fortunately, U.S. isn't a socialist state.  Healthcare can be a benefit in a democracy.

