How about all politicians give up their high income and live a middle income life so that can happen. BERNIE IS A HYPOCRIT
Better question. Why don't politicians give up their publicly funded health care until we all get coverage?
To anyone who says it’s too costly, the non-US countries listed here have full or near full #medicareforall 
Every one of those country has less generous benefits than Sanders is proposing. Also, Sanders wants to cover acupuncture and fake medicine.
Why would GOV pay ALL healthcare? It doesn't make sense! Working people (MILs) have path now. Poor have a path. Something is very wrong w/U.
So cute
Health care is not a privilege!!!
Bernie get a grip.
We're about to grip this bull (bill) by the horns and finally do what everybody knows is the only logical thing to do. #GettingAGrip
I'm with you 100%, Senator Sanders. You represent the lights of that "city on a hill".
Who's Paying????
Id gladly pay more in taxes and be free from the for profit system. No copays no deductibles. Not stuck in a job just for the insurance.

According to Bernie, GOP health care plans cost too much, but free healthcare for all will work?  Whaaaaat?  20 trillion in debt, Bern.
Amen!!! Thank you! @SenSanders Salute!!! God bless America  Hopefully we Can Catch up to  In Healthcare One Day soon!
Destroy those Sinister seeds. Replace with true honor integrity. Make patient words the final say in a treatment plan and all will stabilize
If we have FEMA for all. #MedicareForAll should not be hard to comprehend.
That's my favorite speech from Liberty. Let's do this.
Thank you! NH residents need this. Our insurance market is awful and costs are astronomical and growing.
He is beyond any saint in the bible. America @SenSanders is the hero of your time
Puke

Im with you
WOW! Great to see @SenatorShaheen is supporting #MedicareForAll, 
where is @SenatorHassan?
Single payer AKA #AbortionsForAll
Idk how many people you know having abortions..
The level of healthcare you get depends on what effort you make.
Socialism doesn't work, to hell with gvmt having control over all Healthcare @SenSanders is a liar and can get bent
Yes, I want all Americans to have the health care they need!
@AmerMedicalAssn infected the idea True deep muscle scar #chronicpain is helped w AMPUTATION of living viable durable skeleton joints INSANE
Beaten Battered Stress Strain LIFE leave #chronicpain wounds scars DEEP w/in Mind Body Spirit. ONLY Cured w lots of TLC, massage needling
We do not want Medicare for All, If you want to be in a socialist country move to Venezula please?  We want repeal & replace.
Wake up. Do your research.  Think for yourself. There, all the replies you would hear from a Trump believer.
I am a AMERICAN Believer & yes I support Trump! Socialized Medicine is not the answer!Establishment is trying to destroy this country. #MAGA
How are you going to pay for it, Bernie?
Cutting corporate welfare would go a long way toward funding it. Unfortunately, that ain't gonna happen.
Would maybe cover half and cause a recession... you can't trade capital for expense... only capital for capital.
There has to be a way. So many other countries do it, without devastating their economy.
They don't.
Then what's your solution?
The ACA could use some support while the GOP takes another shot at destroying it, but I guess we just let it happen.
My idea: rename ACA "TrumpCare" so GOP won't hate it. Then fix it. 
@WACCOE
Going to hell in a handcart with Trump
Yeah -and you have to lease th handcart from one of Trumps businesses.
Is Camp David used now?
Yes. But not as often as Trump properties!
North Korea has this for every one!
How about use your full first name, which is Bernard?
I say NO to #communism Bernie is the most #antifreedom #antidemocracy #hypocrit
Sinister seeds are now tree of death Mayhem, cannibals, disrespect turning people into the numbers and valuable organic materials. "See" it?
Architects of Medicare, 60 yr ago infected mandates w a sinister seed setup; remove body parts, Narcotics, DO nothing for TRUE muscle #pain
Yes!
It's NEVER gonna happen! #GetGovtOUTofHealthcare
Amazing! Go foward!!
.Healthcare for all failed in Vermont and CA. No way USA can pay for it.Atheist Bernie using God in his video shows his deception is huuuuge
Awesome!
I'm wit you Bernie I wish My Sen Tim Kaine & Mark Warner were wit your plan as well But my vote will make a difference if they won't

Thank you Senator for continuing to fight for us not blessed with millions of dollars! Health care is a right not a privilege
As pointed out by many, lots of country do better on so many levels with a single payer system. Question is: how you do it here, in the US?
You don't have a right to the product of someone else's labor. Spend your own money.
Barry sanders is out here looking like prinetime deon with the coverage package 
Good luck!
Oh now they want 2 do something, after u have our Country on Fire, 2 obtain affordable insurance The ones who Fear U Most, attack you most
#MedicareForAll  Let's do this!
Hey everyone @SenSanders is going to pay for all of our #Healthcare   Thanks what a guy!!
No American should have to go without needed hc. That's been a belief of mine all my life and won't change.
Well what if no one worked. Who will pay for everyone's #Healthcare ? It's a nice thought but ....
Medicare for All will encourage everyone not to work? Is that what you're saying? People will work. They need money 4 food, housing, & auto.
GO BERNIE GO!!!
Right Bernie, you are GREAT at spending Other People's Money!!!!
Phhht! Wait until you have a $70,000 medical bill, and your insurance says, "No!" Medicare-for-all works for everyone, even people like you!
Thank you for proposing this Senator Sanders. Very happy to see Senators Harris, Gillibrand and others co-sponsor this! #MedicareforAll
Also, why would you ever include FDR in this. Have you relaized what he has done to The Japanese Americans in WW2.
Sorry Bernie, I have no faith in government in the sense of healthcare.
Where is the money coming from?
ya
I'm starting to believe we can actually do this!
Medicare is not a truly federal program bec it subcontracts to private companies. Such social policy needs removal of private interests...

Politics aside, @alfranken looks like he's in a hostage situation
The Govt does nothing well. No #MedicareForAll Longer waits, sub standard doctors, higher taxes. No govt run health care
I was poor enough to get Medicaid when I had my daughter and you're basically treated like shit
Somebody give this guy another HOUSE to go away 
Including Congress and the Senate? Or will you clowns STILL be exempt???? Retire please!!
Absolutely! We all deserve that as a Right!!! Thank you, Senator Sanders.
Hey @SenSanders, I notice you have carefully avoided talking about the COST of this program or who will PAY for it.
@DemsofIrvine thanks you guys and gals!
Thank you.

#MedicareForAll
Amen to this, to Bernie & the people of the US having the right to a healthcare program that we all can afford #Medicare4All #MedicareForAll
Sound like hitler
Shhhh. Shhhh.

Hooray for communism!... Not really. Single player is the dumbest idea I've ever seen.
Did you notice they included FDR and LBJ; the two racists of the DemoKKKrats.
Nope. What the government gives it can take away. Nope...nope...NOPE! Arthur, do you REALLY trust the GOVT with people's health?
Absolutely not. Govt messes up things like this every time they touch it. It's not their responsibility, either.
Something has to be done about predatory pricing by med/insurance/ pharma industries.  THAT is governments responsibility.
Understood but... that's two different things really...
Please don't forget that FDR was a Democratic Socialist. We embrace it.
Absolutely. The US has long deep socialist roots.
From a speech at the flat-earth Liberty University* to Liberty's bigot leader, Falwell. #DeafEars #NotChristian 
*not a real university.
Lol, wut? The TV weatherman is pushing single payer socialized medicine that will ration care. This is why I have trust issues. @RaycomMedia
Fantastic message, keep up the fight. The momentum is building for this.
Sit down and shut up!!
You want to talk about Mothers who have cancer then talk about the Mothers in Venezuela who have cancer & are denied services
Then talk to the Mothers with cancer in Austria, Belarus, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK...
At least Bernie stands up for those who truly deserve help and support unlike who's now POTUS.
So the blue collar worker in the Midwest don't deserve any help? Sigh, this is why he's gonna win again.
No.
You don't have the right to take from me to pay for you. Period. That's theft. Call it what you will, I call it immoral theft

I don't mind paying for a doctor's service. But when I can't afford to get sick, and I am swamped with medical debt, there is a problem.
I'm with you dawg
You rock!! 
You rock, @WindyDane!!
You're an atheist socialist.
I hope my senators @PattyMurray and @SenatorCantwell join Bernie and their colleagues for #MedicareForAll. The time is now.
Don't just hope! Call, email them frequently. They are suppose to be representing you. Get others to contact the Senators, too.
#neversinglepayer
100 percent behind Senator Sanders on #MedicareForAll @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @SenFeinstein @NancyPelosi @SenJeffMerkley @SenSchumer
My gosh I wish this idiot would drop over
The reason that health care is a right in other countries,not here,is we have a constitution that prevents politicians from creating rights!
For the Pupics it's a left -left out for all. Not a right. Patheticly shameful
God's children? Really? Since when have you found religion? You attack nominees over their faith and you spout religion. 

#hypocrite
Bill Cassidy says it won't work because Medicare goes bankrupt in 17 years. Most of the cost is "end of life". Healthy participants help!
BTW, congrats on your BEAUTIFUL baby. Kids put everything in perspective. Good luck w/your career.
Get behind Bernie!!
Bc #spine issues incl. #cLBP #Sciatica #inflammation #DDD can be reduced & abolished.
#Selfdecompress=60% less LBP cost!
Problem is that w/ this pres it would mean healthcare for minorities, muslims, gays and all the others he detests. It would be to moral
That also goes for the Repubs. Or as I call them Punic
To all supply-side thinkers. Supply an affordable healthcare plan for all & all will have enough health & $$ to to keep the economy healthy.

Someone send me a link on how this will be paid for. Not being snarky, I want to read up and decide for myself if I like this idea
Hold up man, I think I have something for you.

No, not yeeees.
Dont let opponents use defunded by Tories UK NHS as example of singpayer pls use French system its better w more choice yr bro knows this..
This is something that has to happen. Corruption must be corrected.
It's a start in the right direction. Worth reading.
#FakePresident: never elected by majority
 #UNTRUMP THE WORLD  #FREETWITTER 
 http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
 https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
This video is almost as beautiful as Bernie's thick Brooklyn accent

But srsly tho, healthcare is a right. Let's make #Medicare4All happen 
No, never.
Yaaaaaaaaaaa
Does it include all members of the house and senate?. Not buying a plan where yours is different than mine.
Bernie- you're a modern day hero of the people's movement......Thankyou for being our leader.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00957T4QK/ref=dp-kindle-redirect?_encoding=UTF8&btkr=1 …
Bernie, read a book, and not any more Karl Marx,.
END PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY, LIBERTY AND CHOICE! Support democrats
