And the same man who has called repeatedly for national health care voted against it when given a chance. He's not trustworthy!!!
Working hard and working your way up the ladder is old fashion! Lets just pay everyone top wages even if they dont work hard.  my head hurts
He isn't arguing that everyone should be paid like a CEO. He is arguing that people who work 40 hours shouldn't be in fucking poverty.
It depends on the job!
No. They're working eight hours a day. Why should they be in poverty?
Taco bell full time wont get it. They have to raise prices to offset the labor and then we are all back where we started. It takes effort.
There's plenty of stats that disprove your bullshit if you care to read for once. Let me know
That's why you work harder and get better jobs
Doesn't work that way for most people. If it was that simple, no one would ever be stuck in a poverty trap.
For most people? Are you flipping burgers at McDonald's when you're 25? It's not that challenging.
Basicially your saying poverty= laziness, but that's a pernicious myth. The real issue is low wages and high cost of living.
Are you the guy that wants $15 an hour to flip burgers? That doesn't work here in America buddy.
"Flipping burgers at McDonald's is a necessary job, but whoever does it should be poor" that's basically what you're saying
If you work at mcdonalds for your whole life by choice then you should accept that you're poor not blame the system
You finish high school, can't afford college, gotta stay working at McD's, never have money to get another job: "muh choice"
didn't you say venezuela was the true American dream socialism works so great
Me too!!!
You don't get to screw off all your days of being educated and become financially stable... demon crats... what a said joke!!!
Do you have any employees Bernie, or are you just an expert at what others should pay their employees?
Ludicrous analogy.  Try again.
No, I do it for free.  So people like you will respond and show their asses to the world.
nope
Do thieves not work hard. Are saying just because they work they are entitled?
In today's world, with its lopsided distribution of wealth and resources, Radical is a badge to be worn proudly.
The cost of a Taco at taco bell will be about $10.00 then. I wonder if that will get people out of poverty!
It would make people healthier if they couldn't afford to eat that crap
Lol yes it would
Coming from someone who didn't even earn a regular check until in his 40s...
Everybody in the US shouldn't be making any less than $15/hr. Yes, even people who feed you and flip burgers. Anything less isn't livable!!!
How many people are supporting by paying 15hr and why aren't you?
This happens when we allow the merchant class to run society. They only understand selfish material wealth. Other values are radical to them
Like what values?
Anything that isn't money, materials, or power. 
Things like honor, humanity, knowledge, etc.
Amen!

You're the man, Bernie!!
thank you for being radical! May we benefit from your ideas.
But Republican leaders living on trust funds and running PACs working 0 hours per week told us to hate a fellow man. How to choose?
What's considered Poverty?
If you work 40 hours a week, even at minimum wage, and are living in poverty....you've done something wrong.
What? The minimum wage in the US is not a living wage, it's a poverty wage. That's a fact.
It isn't if you're single, no kids and unskilled. States should decide minimum wage. Cost of living in NYC very different from Des Moines.
Unskilled? You need skill to do any job really. I agree that the minimum wage should vary by location based on the cost of living.
A functioning brain isn't a skill.
People have to do all sorts of jobs, some require skill, others require more hard labour. Everyone deserves to make a livable wage.
People talk about how much better things used to be (race-dependent, of course).. well, minimum wage adjusted for 2017 inflation is $15+.
Yup, it's probably upwards of $20 depending on location and such. And our productivity has increased even. Rich get richer is all.
THEN What happened in Venezuela ..under.a Saunder like government ? Anarchy
Here come the idiots who don't understand how inflation works and why American wages are considered third-world by global standards.
How do you intend to enforce a universal basic income? Where is the money coming from? You selling your other 2 houses? #basicidiot
Will Donald Trump sell off his I wonder? Or does that not count. 
Yes but there is a difference between that, eliminating poverty, and even 40 hours. The French have been flirting with 32.
We must live in a radical country!
Why did you leave @TheDemocrats then? We need to stick together. #Fightfor15
Because the Democrats are the ones who consider it radical.
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/democrats-add-15-minimum-wage-platform-n606351 … they added $15 minimum wage to the platform. Fight with @TheDemocrats not against them.
They added it to the platform to try to fool Bernie voters into voting for Clinton. They notably did not add Universal Health Care.
Progressive means you make PROGRESS toward your goals. @TheDemocrats have introduced legislation to raise the minimum wage and Medicare4all
They haven't introduced that legislation when it could actually pass. Like, I don't know, 2009, when Dems had the presidency and both houses
In 2007 they had just raised the minimum wage. It needs to be tied to inflation though.
Can u imagine what Americans would think, invent, & accomplish if their minds weren't constantly worried about 'working' to afford basics?
Look at what we have thought, invented, and accomplished with these so called worried of which you speak.
Going to college and getting a 'good' job is becoming a pipe dream for most instead of part of the American dream. Same with many trades.
Was Bernie at his new Lake Front house he just purchased telling us how bad Capitalism is?Or is he at his wife's College Fraud case?
Not so much Poverty but very, very difficult.
Me too!
In a global economy with growing capabilities to automate low skill jobs, the jobs will go offshore else or be replaced.
Your thieving old lady is going to jail mumble mouth....
If you stop taxing people to death we might be able to do more.
I don't think the problem is high taxes but what the taxes are used for. In Germany we pay higher taxes but our quality of life is so much
better. The only homeless people are the ones who don't want to belong to the system. I think that if the US would spend less on
unnecessary wars and more on their own people you'd solve so many problems
Our military spending during the Cold War kept the USSR from pushing further into Central Europe.
Our government should spend less on everything overall. Government is not father or mother. It should not be our nanny.
i also think someone working 0 hours per week shouldn't be living in poverty
And nobody should be working 40 hours a week.
Paid less maybe, but hopefully still paid enough to live in our current situation without starving. Many ppl cannot work 40hrs healthily.
No, people many times richer than me would profit less.
I think you’re misunderstanding: the capitalist class gets less profit, I get higher wages, I work less. It’s simple.
Hey Bernie.....quit lying to people. Socialism does not work. There is no such thing as a free ride.
Free?  It's not free.  Health & education will funded by a modest tax increase and tax restructuring so the wealthy pay their fair share.
Modest? Look up how socialism works.
Socialist Democracy.  Different animal.  Look it up.
Someone working 40 hours a week shouldn't be living in poverty @SenSanders Same here Bernie but not 4 much longer!
@UKLabour 
#ToriesOut
So are we !
40hrs a week is a dream. Employers go for 28hrs no benefits. I shutter to think of this on bus, kids, 2 jobs. Our harsh & hard hearted USA
There are 168 hours in a week. Of you arent making a good enough living working 40, work more or develop new skills. #thatshowlifeworks
Thats NOT how life works. Going to college doesn't get you jack shit anymore, except Debt that no one ever could hope to pay off in years
Right with you sir. Greed is killing this country and the world.
I work 96hrs a week.  Barely staying middle class. I'd love to run for office myself and help fix this.
If u work 40 hours a week at McDonalds cause u dropped out of high school then your poverty is your own fault!!!!
40 + hpurs
60 hours
Your wife seems to be doing well
Who said forty hours? Sixty hours is the norm in corporate America with pay of forty hours. Total abuse of American workers
I work on average 60 hours, up to 80 hours a week at minimum wage. I live in poverty.
I have a radical solution Bernie.  Start a business and pay people great wages!  Oh, sorry I forgot. You employ no one.  Just a tax taker
Be careful @ChrisLytleLO Old man Bernie might wanna step in that octagon with you!
Your radical bc u think outcome should be equal reguardless of education, determination, time, all those things and more don't matter to u!!
Then get a better job if you can. If you can’t then perhaps stop taking stuff like gender studies in school. Less than 1 in 4 enter trades school maybe start there.
Me too.
hc
You are not a radical you are a communist who has only enriched himself on the backs of the Poor in America, but what do you care, you have been in Politics for how long and done what to address the issue you are the biggest SHAM, FRAUD , evil as heck, you will burn in H3ll devil
counting you as radical socialist who should be stopped along with Hillary, obama stupid plans of turing our country over to @deplorableKM
@SenBernie great thought if you actually ran to win in the last election. You are a joke for letter HRC steal the primary from you.  Chump
If it's radical to expect adults not to work in fast food to support their family, then yes, count me as a radical. #LiberalLogic
What about 2 people working and not being able to pay for back to school supplies :( no idea what we are going to do.
You should check with some local churches/charitable organizations. I've heard of many groups that provide help to parents.
But why should they have to go to ANY organization for help with back to school supplies? Wages should be enough to meet that need.
then give them one of your homes why do you need 3
Good gawd! Do you think only the poor can advocate for the poor? If so, you must loathe FDR. How dare a fatcat implement that New Deal?
https://www.ssa.gov/policy/docs/ssb/v70n4/v70n4p49.html …
count your homes Bernie, and share YOUR wealth.
Totally agree, although; in this phenomenally wealthy world, no-one should be poor.
Pay for productivity and profits. Not for just showing up for a week of work. Get a clue old guy.
I'm a fanatic then. Because I don't think there should be a minimum wage, but rather basic universal income.
Everyone over the age of 18 should get a fixed amount of guaranteed income and it should go up the older you get.
I'm not brainwashed, I am a Capitalist. You should actually try some socialism. Live in a soc country for a while.



666

Not even close
Alah

You need to examine your source
I don't think so either but Gov. should NOT set prices (even 4 labor). It does more harm than good.
Oh Pa LeazeYou're a "radical" LOSER & WUSS!Your "own" Party SCHEMED AGAINST you & you COWERED!Let your Voters DOWN! Clown!
#BERNIEGOHOME
Who's more radical--media--Trump or Sanders?  Trump is off the end of the table.
The difference between a rich man and a poor man is how they spend their free time. We all have the same 24 hrs in a day.
Amen to Radical Folk...
Totally agree. Another problem is that US Waiters in bars and restaurants aren't paid a living wage and rely on tips. That is wrong.
"Real trud. I agree that the minimum wage should vary by location based on the cost of living".
But what have u done about it ? As janet jackson says "What have you done gor me lately ?"
It is also unfair. To pay into Medicare every payday and pay for a useless insurance that is only getting worse.
Something like that is unacceptable in this society. Sure, some of these jobs are minimum wage, but that's all some people have to work with
If you work hard and be diligent, you should earn a living wage. Maybe not luxurious, but passable. Enough to get a grip on the ledge.
Radical means thinking that N O B O D Y should live in poverty.
But u support Obamacare that took people working 40hrs down to <30hrs. How did you think that wouldn't happen? U put more people in poverty!
Bernie you're a social democrat not a radical...
#BankFraudBernie ... when living off taxpayers isn't enough
#CrookedHillary is proud
isn't the 40 hr work week, what the unions fought for back in the day??? Ppl want to enjoy their lives too, not just work!
I just wanted to say, I love you, man. #stillbernie
Un educated. Un trained gets low wages. Education and or on the job training higher pay. Success and good pay = hard work!
Bernard, you have never worked 40 hours on one week on your political career. Get off you high horse, 3 houses, and socialist agenda.
Someone is living under a ROCK me thinks!
When I was working at a salon making $15. an hr I was bringing home almost $2,000 a paycheck I could pay all my bills & have money left.
(2) I left there for a full service high end salon it was a pay cut to min wage $9.75 hr. 40%com my checks ranged from 500-1100 at the most
I had figured since the salon was charging 50-100 an hr for my services that I would make up the difference w/ commission. I was wrong!
tax evade
Considering some people work seconds per day I think you're onto something #StillBerned #BCwildfire #bcpoli
So stop giving their money to people who don't work! Problem solved.
Count me, too.
I work 6 days a week and commute 20 hours! I don't have time to spend!  u tho
...Wikileaks made sure wouldn't be the chosen Democratic voice, which is you...If you are going to run, I'm at your disposal...
Especially that, as a culture, we decided 40 hours is the ideal amount to work in a week. It only makes sense that one can survive on it.
Count me a radical that immigration laws should be enforced to stop illegals from holding down wages.Oh that's right.That doesn't affect you
If it's radical to think that somone working 60 hours a week shouldn't be paying $20k a yr for insurance, then yes, count me as a radical.
It's not radical and no you're not

Blame @realDonaldTrump  you can't bring things back to America without inflation in prices on American goods..
What especially gets2me is that some people have to collect benefits because of disgraceful low wages-which benefits big companies-hurts all
Maybe your wife can help us get a loan....
How about getting your staunch fans to stop harassing actual democrats 
Or, hey, radical idea here...Why don't we fix our currency?
I'm so down with you Bernie. Down with your thinking
thank you - count me too!
Half of the world or more lives in “poverty” or would like to. It’s quite a high standard.
Everyone is troubled by poverty.
The problem is that your solutions to solve are bad and will cause more problems than solution
Bernie dude - bring the people together; don't tear us apart even further. Please.
Throwing money at a problem just causes different problems. That need more money that cause more problems... See where this is going?
Please run as an Independent if you run again.
If one is old enough,one can remember when wealthy people & corporations paid their taxes & we all lived well. Men could support on 1 income
brought a country completely out of debt many years ago.
As always you say something for the reflection about the social justice
Me, 50+ hours, 6 days, still can't afford roof repairs. Bills only raise their rates because they're anti-solar fossil fuel owned.
Try working 48 to 60 and still strugeling
Hey Bernie, what a competent adult chooses to work for is none of your business. Stop trying to be everybody's Dad
Proud to be a radical i am then ! Go Bernie #socialism2017
we do the community share card thing too which I am wanting to create for our country. that will totally help our country. this idea
You work for 70k a year then pontificate.
Bernie, people working 55hrs a week live in poverty! What's wrong with America?
Careful Bernie - they'll be calling you a socialist or Marxist next! 
@MarkRuffalo Wow you guys are sooo radical! Let's all get leather jackets and start a club 
Can we stop lobbyists?
No government should rest until everyone who work 40 hours a week can live w/ a level of comfort and get as much as it gives to his country.
Thank you ! At $14/ hour, after taxes/insurance I take home about 1600 a month. A third of what I made as a teacher in Japan. No savings...
Your policies contribute to poverty.
Thank you for your resignation from the Senate. 2/end
Me too.
I'd rather count you as a COMMUNIST because that is more accurate.
Minimum wage is what's giving us lower wages. If liberals understand economics they wouldn't be liberal
Increasing the minimum wage is a good way to get people laid off. Sorry. Ugly truth, but economics isn't based in opinion.
We can't make it. My husband has been teaching 25 years and due to my medical issues and useless student loan, we're drowning. It sucks
I've waited too long to file for disability too, so I'm ineligible. We are paying way too much for medical insurance we can't use because we
Stop the rhetoric. Impeach Trump now.
Bernie it's the dam minimum wage should be or everybody's rage stays the same cost living keeps going up
You've never worked 40 hours a week in your life.
Amen and amen...me too!
Yes @SenSanders 
Bought Repubs n Dems want 2 keep working people in a feudal system-work, work work w-out benefits until u drop dead! Ur NOT RADICAL Senator!
I love you, Bernie.
Don't u have like 3 lake houses u communist lmao
Isn't radical 2 think someone working 40 hrs/wk shouldn't be living n poverty. What's radical is U think U have the power 2 fix it 4 them.
Well ~ You definitely are not a Democrat ~ Please don't pretend to be one again...
Where do you get these crazy ideas @SenSanders? It's like you want people to have good lives or something. #blasphemy
And what about the healthy people who live off the government and don't contribute at all?
Minimum wage was not designed to support a family work harder and get a better job. You are a product of you work ethic!!!!
This is how socialists want to treat you tax tax tax in order to pay for their "free stuff" don't be deceived people
https://www.facebook.com/1990sat/videos/302591483484202/ …
Count me as a extreme Radical. It's time for a Revolution!
You are the head of the Democratic Party. I'm so proud I cast my vote for you!
I'm working 40hrs/wk @ decent job, but my medical insurance is so bad I work 2 get gas for work & medical bills. Living Paycheck 2 paycheck.
It's radical that you try to brainwash people with your agenda Bernie. Anything worth anything means you have to work for it. No Socialism
due to O'care, 40 hour a week jobs evaporated from the service industry, hurting those with low-wage jobs by reducing most to part-time.
100% b/c of corporations too greedy. CEO of McD's got a 378% raise in 2016 to $16mil. Instead of paying workers, they hoard $ at the top.
yeh, so let's use gov't to exact our revenge and steal their earnings, right? who defines 'too greedy'? rich DC politicians scamming us?
i think it's radical that someone who calls himself a socialist implies that someone who works less than 40 hours/week SHOULD be in poverty.
Pls stop with the Venezuela comparisons.  Has nothing to do with Bernie's POV.  Just ignorant.  Comparisons to Europe would be fair.
Count me in with you!
Does golf count as work?
Full time as a caddy maybe.
Me too. Also is it radical to think that any veteran should have their health covered for Life and their final expenses/funeral cost paid.
THERE'S WORKING AND WORKING LIKE I THIMK THE ROAD WORKER & SOLDIER  OUGHT TO BE PAID MORE THAN SENATOR'S OR CONGRESS THEY JUST  WORK MORE
Nothing radical about your tired spiel. It's been tried, tested, and proven unworkable.
Me too, sir.
How much a hour?
Thank GOD no one voted for you Bernie.  Work harder and DO NOT expect my tax dollars to " Fund you" .
Count me radical as well!
mr. rich guy. shame on your for advocating for distribution of wealth when you're rich yourself. you should give up your wealth too!
Count me in too, Bernie!
You are paid to legislate, not pontificate.  If this is your view, write a bill.
Also not radical: spend your 40 hrs working at a job that will actually bring you out of poverty. Why foist the issue on your neighbors?
We were starting 2 do better, but because of what I make, they lowered my spouses ssi payments. They don't want anyone 2 get ahead.

People live in poverty because of your socialist policy of taxation. Venezula was the richest country in South America and now is starving.
Me too Bernie!
Because its not fair that with forty hours we can barely make ends meat! Fight for a cause.
@gabynotchatty then I am too!
Corporations the problem here. Only aim is to maximise profit for shareholders so of course they pay as low as possible
Need a loannBernye????
So true. It's getting harder as the years go by. It would take 80 hrs of work to live decently. Who has the energy for that? I feel doomed.
Bless you Bernie. And OMG....PLEEEEZE run in 2020!!!
I don't expect a millionaire lifestyle working as a phlebotomist. It's the job I chose for myself, can't be mad at the system for paying me.
I must be radical too
