Denmark has a population less than 6 Million! Why don’t you focus on #innovative ways to fund your ideas instead of an unfair tax burden?
Do you know what economies of scale are?
EoS isn’t issue I foresee; it’s IMPLEMENTATION. There is ZERO precedent that single payer system will be success in large country like  USA
So, contrary to your original claim, population isn't an issue, but it is?
What isn't clear for you? Single Payer would be fab, but I'm not convinced it's the right solution for USA. My opinion...not yours.
My problem is that you give no reason why the size of the US would matter, even acknowledging economies of scale. Why would size matter?
1/There is zero precedent Single Payer will be successful in a large country like US. Price per capita must be reduced. Where’s that plan?
2/Two-Tier may be a better solution for US. France is 2-Tier and one of top HC offerings. Expensive to taxpayers though.
I’ll summarize: Bernie wants to raise your taxes A LOT
It's simple math, he wants to raise your taxes, but significantly decrease your education, and medical expenses.  Net sum is in your favor.
Net sum is in some ppls favor, how about us that are healthy and went straight to the workforce?
You won’t be healthy forever, and even if you are, your family members could become ill and require expensive treatments that bankrupt you.
No i wont be, but i want the ability to use my own money to by the healthcare that i want. I dont want govt run HC because the qualtiy sucks
You know how a rational system would work? You get sick, you get help. It's not a fucking consumer good. We're talking about lives...
Try deregulating aspects of health care so the cost isnt so high.  If a person is producing the good it is a commodity.  Access is universal
If regulations aren't in place, companies do whatever they can to increase their profit.  Even if it's immoral.
Bernie it doesn't work. The people pretend their working and the government pretends their paying. Without incentive people don't perform.
Do You live in Denmark ? Because i do and i Can tell You it Works
I think it comes down to takers vs contributors. 2012 numbers show Denmark is 5.4% vs 17.9 in the states 4 poverty rates. U have more giving
Again i dont really see your point ?
U have a lower % people per pop in entitlement programs. & u have laws that can take assets frm refugees to help toward the free programs.
Thats not what that law was for it was seen as more of a symbolic thing it really dosnt fund anything at all
I see. I will defer to you on that. What I read indicated two purposes. Deter refugees and assist with subsides.
It was really more about the goverment not wanting refugees just coming here for free and just take money from the goverment
Bernie has the high ground and lays the path for the mired Democratic party to follow.  Single payer hc, free education and child care.
These are the social policies Democrats need to embrace.  These ideas are the inspiring future that people can rally behind.  Not pie in sky
What is that economist feel about @SenSanders 3 homes
Please move to denmark
Wow, how long did it take you to come up with that one?
Don't think too hard, your head might explode!
Probably a second. And thank you for your concern but I'm in no danger of my head exploding
Translation: watch this conservative get Burned. 
A country with a population less than NYC and the highest income tax rate in the world. Bad example.
Lol okay, but what about France, Germany, Russia, Norway, Australia, Canada, & dozens more nations with universal healthcare coverage?
None of those systems are sustainable long term without massive tax increases or budget cuts or both.
Sanders is specifically advocating tax increases, that isn't something that goes unaddressed here
Bernie, #America DOES NOT WANT #SOCIALISM!! Get it yet??
Ease up on the caps lock, champ.
And no, apparently I’m not seeing what you’re seeing. Delusion is a tough vision to share.
Yes, and delusional you are...CHAMP!! 
 you’re precious. Enjoy your fantasy land. 
I know I am.  You on the other hand, are a simpleton. But you seem to be happy living in your little wonderland of make believe controlled by your puppeteers.
Tax me mama I’m ready. I’d rather pay more in taxes than to face penalties at the end of the year because I can’t afford health insurance
Everyone complaining about socialism so much... Communism fixes most of what they are concerned about.
I've seen communism in person - its an absolute disaster, most westerners have no idea. Ask anyone who actually had to live under it.
It sounds wonderful on paper I'll grant, but there is the small drawback that it doesn't actually work.
Except it does.
Citation needed.

Sorry, but I'm speaking from personal experience - and you've provided no argument or evidence in support of your claim.

I'd be happy to discuss it :)
What makes you say it didn’t work in the USSR?
Bernie needs all the help he can get. Ever notice he shares videos of other people explaining things he himself has no idea about.
It's called expert testimony, genius. Unlike Trump, who thinks he knows everything and just lies, and refuses to listen to experts
False
#MAGA
Nothing is free...look at what they pay in taxes.
Over 2/3 of their income for LIFE.  That's not a net positive.
We dont pay 2/3 in taxes for life we pay about 30 procent in taxes but its not all of the income we pay taxes of
I Will even give You and exsample last month i got 6000dkk from the State for Education i ended up paying 822dkk off Those 6000dkk
Carmen I know you’re grateful for help but no need to promote Bernie. He’s just using PR to bail on WM Conference. https://twitter.com/jkh2/status/921201732931244032 …

But is it really equal if we don’t all equally pay for it?
If a poor worker gets a rare brain tumour at 38 years of age why don’t you want to help out if your income is above average? Progressive tax
1- Who says I don’t feel we shouldn’t help those less fortunate than ourselves and I actively participate in charitable work but what I dont
Charity is a drop in the ocean unorganised without the overview of what is needed. Imagine your military was based on charity? 
The government is the biggest waster of money.
I agree we should pay more in taxes and also in turn the government needs to cut their overhead.
Bernie... That's like using Wikipedia as a source...
Beauuuutiful!!!

Keep rolling, @sensanders

#UniversalHealthCare 
#Bernie2018
Get more ppl off entitlement programs &working &giving back 2society &then u may B able 2 swing this. 2 many takers not enough contributors
The "takers" are all on Wall Street--or don't youremember bailing those guys outwithtaxpayer money when they nearly brought down the economy
Oh boy do I remember that. But they are not the only takers, the but they contribute to the problem for sure.
Let me be clear - the takers are the Millionaires/Billionaires who DO NOT PAY THEIR FAIRE SHARE. Yeah, too many takers is right. #TaxTheRich
Tell us how you feel about the takers who actually pay nothing, zero, zilch, notta. They cool with you? 
The rich need to pay their fair share. Everyone else pays & those who get bennies eek out a miserable existence. Are you jealous?

Everyone wants these things, but the only way it’s remotely affordable is if the benefits are rationed. Not sure Americans want that.
We have  very affordable health care for everyone, way better than ACA and medicaid, at way lower cost. It can be done.
But it will require rationing (or limiting
Standard data says Americans already pay more on net for healthcare than in other countries
Canada = public funded, SP health =13 prov & territ health ins plans = univ health care to Cnd citiz, perm residents & certain Temp res
Sorry, pushing a socialist pov and cloaking it as "conservative " only proves what an absolute fraud you are.
This was a great exchange! Took the wind out of Cruz..
For a few minutes anyway. Cruz, the Koch Bros mouth piece!
First of all Bernie, the pop. of Denmark is 5.7mil, the pop. Massachusetts alone is 6.8 mil, so Den's healthcare won't cover your own state
What's the entitlement recipients % vs ours for the countries that can provide these programs Bernie?
it makes me so sad to remember that you sir are not the president right now--and that you were robbed of the opportunity
Saw it. Couldn't have been more clear.
Thanks for taking the gloves off, Senator.
I do not care what people from other countries think.

U certainly can’t prove your point Cruz crushes the Bern.
Things Bernie should know about Denmark:
and again. @demonic_hellbro  & @TimFaulkner_81
A great social democrat.
Nothing is free. Period. Maybe to you who has lived off the 'teet' of the American Taxpayer all your miserable life. Outta my pocket commie.
Go Bernie! Having worked for the Norwegian economy for 3 years, I can truly say it's amazing. #rethink #resist #unite
You just contradicted yourself by hash tagging resist and unite you relize that dont you..or nah?
Not if you look into the meaning of hashtags. Resist the current state, and unite people. You realize that now, don't you? Yes..or nah?
70% tax rates
For life
Not true and im Danish
Bizarre ideas Us citizens have.
I assumed people in those countries weren't lying to me
I ended up paying 822dkk of 6000dkk in taxes last month the tax rules are not that simple that You Can just say we pay 70%
Something to remember is the normal dane only pay taxes for part of the saleries Thats why some of the % Can Seem quite High
Taxation is theft
Maybe he can exsplain how you were cheated out of the primaries.. Btw socialism doesnt work.
another hot take from the maga crowd...he literally JUST talked about a country in which it does, so...try again?
MAGA crowd are nice ppl pro America..u should try it some time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLNLPIRS62g … oh yes here is an example of some very nice pro Americans.
don’t forget that Denmark has very low quality of health treatment. It is only sounds amazing until you actually get involved with it.
Everything is so true ! So much better in the Scandinavian countries .happy to pay more taxes and get more for my money
https://youtu.be/al-Ms6df0PE  #kelly #genkelly #johnkelly
What does this have to do with healthcare?  Obama is not president.  TRump just blew up Obamacare.

Haha yea, a higher living standard with less expenses. Man that's dumb, huh, who would want a proper healthcare system /s
Less expenses?  Denmark is the highest taxed country in the world.
The cost of healthcare in Denmark is half of what they spend in the US and the danish system actually works (Unlike the american).
I am the son of a Danish working class father. I got quality tuition-free college education, so now, I pay my taxes with grateful pleasure!
I would gladly pay more taxes knowing my family can get great healthcare, free education... We pay high premiums, tuition n get 0 in rtn :(
That’s my point exactly. And it also has the element of solidarity in that your neighbor secures you, and you him. It’s civil in that sense.
That is a concept of #humanity and #solidarity that #Republicans shit on. They don't care. "me me me & fu" mentality. Thanks for your post!!
Bernie, you do realize that Denmark has only 5.7 million people and they have their asses taxed off? Poor, Bernie.
Scale doesn't make health care more expensive.
LOL  Even the epic morons in Sacramento figured out they couldn't afford the $400B/year to have state health care.  Seek assistance from MX!
#Bernie2020
Sanders the average annual income in Denmark is about 39,000 euros they pay a tax of 60.2% which they pay about 24,000 euros in taxes which>
means they only have 15,000 to live on and Denmark’s dept is 47.4% or 32,000 euros Per Capita No Thanks Socialism just doesn’t work.
US a first world country with third world attitude to their own people, no wonder Uk has 200,000 + Americans living here
They'll be moving back the way brexit is going....
Tory #Brexit,  like idiots in a car on the beach arguing where to move it to as the tide comes in
The US is corrupt as shit. Period. They’ve invested billions spreading misleading info. Countries who make this work just shake their heads.
Move to Denmark for end of life care.
Love you, Senator Sanders! Thanks so much for all you do.
Part of me wants to think @SenTedCruz  wishes he could say that to people and stand behind it. Who wouldn't want to stand for that?
If this utopia of your existed Mexicans would be flying over the border. Would you trade this for tight border controls, e verify and deport
This conversation needed to happen.
This is the way it should be in the United States
Ask him if he purchases another policy for immediate care
How much money that you earn do you get to go home with? For large portion of the US, what they lose in taxes would dwarf the original...

Of course the Socialist scare word was thrown out by Cruz...His Jeus would have been a one...
We are paying a lot of taxes already!, Its just being squandered, and used to give tax breaks to the rich, and fund wars! #BerniePOTUS46
And I guess it should be free??? Let's give the government all our earnings so they can give us back what they think we need!! Really???
https://www.amazon.com/What-Happened-Bernie-Sanders-Jared/dp/1510736697/ref=zg_bsnr_3377866011_33?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1&refRID=7D2Y6TSR8DJX049E1NW3 …
When you pay for healthcare/education over the tax, you help not just yourself and family, but also other people. I would not trade!
It does not cost a dime to visit your doctor in Denmark !!!
Stop pretending to be American.
Bernie Sanders fights for the European dreams.
I’m a veteran, wish I could afford a car like yours.
How could you afford such a thing? 
Our taxes are paid for your lifestyle.
Should have a law people shouldn’t profit, by going to congress.
He test drove it on the campaign trail late last year. I still can't believe these photos are circulating. Do some fact checking won't you?


Bernie, you have down syndrome. Stop participating in politics, you are not smart.
Said the now Danish SOCIALlST. Take it home @SenSanders you are done.
Hey Bern - did you happen to ask the Danish economist how much the Danes spend on global and national defense?   Are the Danes protecting S Korea? Japan? Eastern Europe?  What % of the Dane population is in welfare? Food stamps? Disability?
I love you B
Watch Ted Cruz destroy you: https://www.conservativereview.com/articles/ted-cruz-destroys-sanders-robin-hood-tax-fantasy …
To be fair, the people in Denmark are probably a lot healthier to begin with than in obese, sugar and opioid addicted USA...
now ask him how much it costs for gas milk or shoes
Then pack your bags and move there.
Let's just package #Medicare4all as an all inclusive deal. I'll take it!
“The best moment of my debate was when I wasn’t speaking at all and someone in the audience helped me out”
That’s a subjective moralist point, not based in the reality of economics. Socialism always fails.
My God, if only he was President. being from Canada, I would not trade our health care for anything. #trueleadershipcompassion
If the DNC hadn't rigged the Dem primary for Hillary, Bernie would be Pres. Everything would be better. Effectively the DNC gave us Trump.
Sing it from the rooftops: BERNIE WOULD HAVE WON.
Under your ideology all Americans, except Politicians/rich, should live in compounds with identical housing and work in Gov jobs.
What I see is he wants taxpayers to pay for YOUR children's education.  No thanks!
Nice. I’ll benefit from Trump’s tax cut but I’d give it up so YOU (or your BF or your neighbor) can get health care.
Ask a company going public if the underwriters do nothing.
Because a Dane says so. Move there if you think that’s so good
I love Bernie!
I live in  and it works! But whereas the taxes are low for the poor & working class... they're very high for high-income people (~60%)...
... and that wouldn't be acceptable in  due to individualism and / or lack of solidarity (socialism is considered profanity for most ppl)
How deluded one is to think he/she and his/her family will stay healthy/never get sick.
they also have no minimum wage.
I’m Danish, I’m a single mother on average income, and I don’t mind paying the taxes - gives everyone acces to health care and education
Here is the people's advocate extraordinaire. Pardon my continental language!
Bernie is still the best advocate for social institutions that benefit all citizens, not just those who can afford to pay for those services
And who pays for all those “social institutions” that those who can’t afford them don’t pay for? Socialism fails everywhere every time
No do Venezuela
Mr. Sanders, please call yourself a Nordic capitalist or a social democrat. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nordic_model … save yourself from
mudslinging on this issue at least. You are a social democrat, not a democratic socialist.
Also, consider how much of your taxes goes to invading and bombing countries…?
Just what will they do when their oil runs out Bernie? They’ll be just like Venezuela. Long live Capitalism and free markets.
Sorry Ted
They have a personal tax rate of 55.6% and a 25% sales tax. And, by the way, their population is less than 7 million.
$10 for at gå til lægen? Gad vide, hvornår han forlod Danmark?
Danish income tax rate is 60.2%. Do you want to pay taxes that high. Universal programs are very expensive.
This page from Copenhagen municipality says 37% to 57% depending on your income, but I guess you know better...

https://international.kk.dk/artikel/how-much-do-i-pay-taxes …
Gotta love the look on Ted's face throughout this... dude is like, "Holy shit... can we actually do that?"
Thank you Ms. Carmen Yuliz Cruz Soto! This is the most compelling sound bite in support of Sanders' agenda I have come across. @SenSanders
... cost of insurance. How's that for proving your point ?
Ok, when our country becomes the size of Texas then this will work. Bernie, you lost... go away
Thank you Senator Sanders for debating Ted Cruz, last night!  Thank you for fighting for the American people!   I am proud of you!
The Zodiac Killer didn't appear to be too comfy with that sentiment.
Dammit Bernie, where did we go wrong?
not to mention food, water, housing, transportation 
necessities of life should be for all
including Puerto Rico
Germans health care, higher education and child care ar best on the world! Much better as in Danmark or Scandinavia!
Socialism=Venezuela
Bernie old man, because u r so sexiest and hated HRC so much that you helped elect a moron for president! I feel violated by your fakeness!
It is because  places have sane conservatives who don’t deny overwhelming evidence of those issues or deny climate change is happening.
As a Norwegian citizen I can assure you that the security I feel is priceless. I happily pay my taxes and contribute to society.
Hey bernie - whats the difference between a Socialist and Democrat?
Please run in 2020
Run all the way to Sweden?
I don't think the question is-will we be taxed more?The question is-will we contribute to have a more stable #Healthcare for all. I'm for it
Wow Bernie, you're talking to Danes about economy. People need you badly!!! Pro politician!
on point as always. I'd rather pay higher taxes for this, than paying taxes and have nothing!
Hard to do when you and your Messiah were sending all our hard earned money to the Rich Drug Companies! @foxandfriends
We could have all what you are asking for IF your party didn't give it all away to the rich! @DonaldJTrumpJr
The look on Ted’s face when he realizes ... “hey, that’s actually a good idea  “
This is the kind of presidential debate I would have loved to see... I hope it's a parallel debate for the presidency of the post DJP era?
What good does it do when you get ruled out of the #RulesComity and 2020 is just going to be the same progressive-backstabbing primaries?
You killed it last night tho the best lunes came from Ted. "Bernie would've won if..." and "pot in every chicken." I've never heard Ted say something without puking in my mouth but I did last night.
so you werent gonna tell us about the tape? http://bit.ly/2yozo1k 
#LyingTed hates America.
Denmark is the size of LA. Scale is incredibly important when considering social policy. http://www.mylifeelsewhere.com/country-size-comparison/united-states/denmark …
Yup!
$5000 a year for family coverage I don't think so!
We already pay more taxes then the oligarchs & big Corp bc the average-to-low income ppl  don’t have loop holes or off-shore accounts.
This is all complete nonsense people don’t. Want the government to decide where their money goes.. they want to make those decisions themselves and if they choose not to pay for Hcare then that’s their choice.. look how irresponsible th fed gov is with the taxes they get now
Total BS.

Okay Bernie as I said before move to Europe World socialist live you would be so very happy
Nice job Bernie, you made it look like the Koch Brothers gave Ted all his talking points
I shouldn't have to pay for your healthcare. I also shouldn't have to pay for your police force or schools.

See how stupid it sounds?
Agreed. But unless & until your message includes war waged upon black pop, you're appealing to white superiority.
Bernie is a sell out old clown the government would tax the shit out of you and give you second rate care
And you admitted you want to raise taxes. But we get “free” stuff. I’ll take the $$
I didn't hear him say he pays 3k a year more in taxes - you said that! Where did you get that number from? Give me a % tax rate Bernie?
Only a firm 60% control of the Senate and the House must be established in 2018 and you, senator, know this! No more divisive comments OK?
"Conservative" in Denmark just means you're fearful of immigration.
Fiscally they are very progressive.
Socialism didn't work out well in South America, so let's be smart, huh?

#TaxTheRich
Then move there.
Explain how free market non socialist usa does that  for real bernie...u havent done that...i know it can be done
You'd think that this would be obvious to people.
Was that the best conservative Denmark could produce? Oh well, he was no dumber than Cruz and both dummies helped Bernie prove his point.
You will NEVER get anywhere with single payer UNLESS you are willing to help elect a democratic congress- Help Doug Jones in Alabama-
Denmark is completely different than the USA.  Different history, values, geography, population, etc.  What works there will not work here.
You mean what works in most of the developed world, not just Denmark.
I'm sure they have problems that we don't have, for which our solutions would not work.  It's always easy to say, "Oh, sweet, let's do that"
Lots of focus on money and not enough on what is the right thing to do for people
You helped elect trump
For that we only get average health care and education (according to OECD). That's a huge problem. Another thing is more ideological. 2/
except if if the Danish society was so awesome, he would have stayed there. So if anything if proven, its america is greater then Denmark
Yes Bernie!
Let’s cut wasteful spending first, then collect more money.
There’s no co-pay for visiting the doctor.
Isn’t it amazing that Bernie Saunders is talking about a system for America that we had before the Conservatives got their hands on it.
I have aids FIX IT
Its not free numbnuts. You have to confiscate money from the masses.
Still wondering why you didn’t become the president
Because of Hillary and the dnc.  Where you been?  Oh and he's a socialist, so there's that.
So missing the point 
That would be dependent on everyons having the same; paying job, number of kids, lived same amount of years, etc. Perfect world doesnt exist
People in Denmark doesn't have the same paying job, get the same number of kids, live the same amount of years, etc. Yet it works there...
http://www.nationaldebtclocks.org/debtclock/denmark …
Let's compare...

Debt per Citizen:
DK: 137,107kr ($21,797)
US: $62,838

Debt as % of GDP:
DK: 36.05%
US: 105.89%

http://www.nationaldebtclocks.org/debtclock/unitedstates …
So you're telling me that in order to get us out of a deficit we need to spend more money?
Did I say that?
You linked to a page about the Danish national debt (what's your point?) and I compared it with the US debt which is worse.
You're right and I'm sorry I did not mean to put words in your mouth.
At 60.2%, Denmark last year had the highest top personal income tax rate among the 34 countries in the OECD...
Millionaires will be fine in the end.  Build a society for the needs or normal people making $30k - $100k and we'll have progress
We already have it, it's called capitalism.  Just need to get back to it.
Crony capitalism is how we got Wall St collapse + Enron Scandal + why we have rich/poor divide. Capitalism isn't perfect. Protect mid-class
You are talking about corporatism.  Which I agree is a terrible problem
Corporations are re-writing capitalism. The basic rules of capitalism are good but corps start to bend/break/add new rules w/out oversight
I wish all Americans would watch & learn from this video.  We waste so much $ fighting over HC. There are many UHC models we could copy.
Greed&ambition will always drive capitalism.It can slow down w.high taxes but it'll be always people giving up time with their kids for BIG$
That's cool. How about a 70% tax rate while we're at it #youhavethreehomes
Why not just pay people to stay home
This man is inspiration. They don’t make many like this
Who's going to pay for all of this.     Bernie.  Term limits
Even the old Henry Ford (Who was not precisely a marxist-leninist) understood that welfare of the poor is profit making for the wealthy.
This tread is proof: American people are too selfish for this to ever happen lol
Great points Bernie!  And my sincere sympathies that you had to sit next to a selfish, careless punk for part of an evening. 
They should also pay for all of it themselves.
The $ has 2 come from somewhere. Nothings free. That means higher taxes 2 ppl, or corps which means less jobs or pay. Does not grow on trees
The danish. They are a teenie tiny country that mooches off other European countries.  Free college and insurance won’t keep Russia out.
Your point is known by the American people and exactly why you are not the president.
With all do respect, that is socialism.  Capitalist will never support that idea. Well intended as it may be.
Bernie, ur all talk.  But what u really want is ur name in lights, Bernie Sanders, the Socialist Agitator Revolutionary (Spoiler).
Corrupted democrats talk about the uranium 
Wouldn't we like R newborns 2 get his/her SS & Medicare cards as they leave the hospital?Just imagine!Parents' stress would be deminished!
Yes! America has the capacity to look after it's people, it's future! It currently chooses not to
