Medicaid, targeted by the GOP bill, pays for most of the 1.4 million elderly people in nursing homes http://nyti.ms/2t992S9  
Agree and thank you! Now can you please stop attacking Dem party. We need to untte and go after GOP
Only when the Dem party changes.
Your party is screwing people just like Republicans, only difference is the marketing. Did you not see what happened w/single payer in CA?
Or what about this?
Or what about this?
The only difference is, you simply don't realize it or don't wish to know about it. We see it. So does America
That's just false & you know it.  Trying to scare your generation into believing your lies is pathetic.  Pathetic.
If Demwits like Sanders have their way, we will have a country of political elites who are above the law!Sanders doesn't believe in justice!
And do they think we will have fewer elderly people in the coming years as BB age?
Damn Hippocrates sanders and his damn lier wife will be brought to justice' I guarantee these elites blew it big!
Hey John, who is this Hippocrates Sanders?  Is he a tribute act to me or something?
We can't but we will with the GOP at the helm.
Even though it's clear as Day Trump is a criminal.
Bernie Sanders is the real criminal, and we actually have evidence to back it up, unlike the Trump investigation.
If you had evidence u would produce it...please stop with the lies
We do have evidence; Sanders, and his wife, committed evident fraud.
@realDonaldTrump @VP @POTUS @TomColeOK04 OK poor & Disabled cannot afford this. The hospitals will be closing.#scaredtodeath
Trumpcare = Eugenics plain and simple. Elimination of the weak by the elite
Religious Right DISABLED DEATH PANELS
Obuttasscare has already thrown the elderly out on the streets ... try again again Bernie
@POTUS  build ovens for the poor, elderly and disabled.  it will go quicker.  More money for The Donald and his posse.
I haven't read the bill - but I don't think it includes a provision to evict people from their homes!
Nursing Homes are largely funded by Medicaid. Most elderly rely on Medi/Medi. Such as my grandma in law who is currently nursing rehab now.
Thanks for the comment-The nursing home decides who goes and who stays-Private charity is always an option if family can not or will not pay
"Private charity is always an option...?!"  Seriously?  "Always?"  Says the man who clearly has no real experience with the system.
It is an option for those who deliver the care - if someone can not afford it the provider has the option to be charitable
Providers option.  Not same. Patients need solid solutions and less stress and worry.
IDIOT.
I think the ELECTED PUBLIC SERVANTS SHOULD BE MANDATED TO USE / HAVE THE PLANS THEY VOTE IN FOR OTHERS  AND THEYRE RETIREMENT..., SAME THING
Yes we can. In fact, it's quite easy
GOP plan 4 elderly: homelessness. 
Religious Right = Christian FRAUDS. Put GREED b4  most vulnerable LIVES.
Religious Rt Death Panels
Or the last country left on the planet that still uses inch-pound units.
Medicaid is not Medicare. How is that FBI investigation into you and your wife going? Hope they find out how you paid for the beach house.
Bernie, lot's of love to you, but you failed us when you stood behind Hillary. I have no faith in you anymore. We need a 3rd party...!!!
How did he fail us?  Who was he suppose to stand behind?  Trump?! You think Trump is better than Hillary would have been?!
So instead of answering my question, you reply with snarky insults?  Seriously, who do you think Bernie should have supported?
Bernie ignored opportunities to support progressives running 4 office & campaigning 4 him. He ran piss-poor campaign overall, and so he lost
Yes, and further to what you said, the DNC rigged the primaries against him. However, Bernie was for the war machine, and voted accordingly.
A true progressive, former Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich for one, has alternative workable sensible peace-making plans, vs war machine
Yes, he did! BUT his wife's agenda was questionable. There's always an agenda with politicos...
DO YOU KNOW WHO SHOT THAT YOUNG MAN IN DC  STAND UP & DO THE RIGHT THING!!! I would have VOTED for YOU  WHY were you threatened too
needs to be thrown out on the street
We must legalize painless suicide. If the elderly don't want to live poor or die painfully, they should have a third option
the protection of the health of the citizen is the first duty of a responsible democratic society
True. They CLAIM to want a Christian nation, but LIE! GOP OPPOSE most Jesus like Policies. Amazing MOST Christlike is Jewish @SenSanders
Seriously it doesn't matter if you are (D) or (R) we all know that this is very wrong! This could be your grandparents, parents, yourself!
It proves how many Christian fakes there are. You either have REAL compassion or don't: GOP don't!
I can completely understand refusing to fall in line w corporate Dems butll never get why some choose 2 enthusiastically support Republicans
because republicans can be seen and better to have a visible fight then a knife in back from friendly fire.
Nah. They know theyre about trickle down, medicaid, soc sec cuts etc etc. Theyre no longer fiscal conservatives. Yet people agree.
We cannot be a country that has Senators being accused and investigated for bank fraud preaching to us what to do or not do #MTP #Thisweek
Are you joking? Your president & staff are being investigated by the FBI.
Or throws puppies from airplanes. That too.
When will we stop this horrible regime?
You have three houses, Senator - maybe you can take them in? How's the bank fraud investigation going so far? #TCOT #GOP #MAGA #PJNET
Oh, stop with the hysteria, distortions, and lies! You REALLY ought to be in prison, you damn Red.
No? You prefer we allow our elderly to commit bank fraud? #BernieBankFraud
Bernard, STAND DOWN.  The Feds are watching your ass.
I helped take care of my mother. I sure as hell would not ever desire the federal govt to have taken care of her.
You've lost your credibility. Fraud!
Well we are,Thanks a lot
Shut up Bankfraud Bernie.
No but we are a country that holds people accountable, such as your wife's and yourself's actions. How is that going by the way?
Stop fear mongering, the bill slows the expansion of Medicaid to buy time to figure out its issues as a separate entity.
Like u care Bernie!!!! U got ur $175,000 car.
Exactly, that's what socialism does, and why those Americans who know better stand firmly against you.
@nytpolitics hey per @KellyannePolls they should just get jobs...
But your wife can steal money from them?
Maybe IBM's Watson could devise a viable healthcare plan for us.
Allow some to live in your multiple extra houses, Mr. SuperRich Public Servant Philanthropist.
Uh huh. Thanks for your advice, commie.
How does it fill be under FBI investigation??
How about bank fraud?
Our message needs to improve BIG time Bernie
We aren't. You are lying. There will not be cuts to Medicare. Just not as high of yearly increases.

Trying "not to be dramatic" again, right?
Oh sure they can, they could give a fig newton about America/Americans... these are devils we're dealing with here. ...ˢᵐᵒᵒᶜʰ~ᶫᵒᵛᵉ ~ᴹᵃʳᶦᵉ~
Watch us, Bernie. Who's going to stop them?
Keep fighting, Senator.  We need you.  Thanks.  Stay Strong USA.
@SenSanders throw the elderly on the streets???? Stop before another gunman takes more shots at innocent ppl.
If you have to exaggerate to make your point you never had one. Lost credibilty #bankfraudbernie
Please Bernie control the hysteria. We can't be a country that allows bank fraud either
Or get away with Bank Fraud, Right Burnest? This guy must have 2 heads.
I agree. How about we let them stay at your beach house the voters bought for your.
Unfortunately in USA a lot of elderly people depend on Medicaid for NHC & do not have family that can or will assist with their care.
And yet we are about to be just that...
Shame on you. FYI we are all going to die. You have stepped over a line with your propaganda. Scare tactics instead of reasoning. Sick
They worried about " death panels" under Obamacare. Cutting Medicaid for nursing home patients a death panel
We already are
for the test of a civilization is the way that it cares for its helpless members. -Pearl S. Buck, Nobelist novelist (26 Jun 1892-1973)2 of 2
Wordsmith quote: Our society must make it right and possible for old people not to fear the young or be deserted by them, (1 of 2)
@SenSanders  Unfortunately, we are a country that throws our elderly people out on the streets; and babies too!
This reminds my of the drug problem. Cool in the Hood until White USA got hooked.
But we say nothing when US bombs others for the profit of the few. #Healthcarenotwarfare
Nor our students at small Burlington colleges, right Batshit Bernie?
Bernie Sanders says he doesn't care how many citizens are financially ruined & lives destroyed as long as government controls healthcare Wow
guess thy can't afford bg business rn retirement homes
Give me a break!! You REALLY believe this would happen under any president? You acting like a fool
Or one that fraudulently takes a loan of $10M either right?
Says the man who committed bank fraud!
Twisted facts, just quit old man
But we can be a country that throws your ass in jail.
No offense Bernie but there's a pretty clear conflict of interest for your support here.
@nytpolitics Republicans should remember that a lot of them are very close to becoming elderly! This could be them!
Bernie stop lying
Agreed!  But, we shouldn't subject them to the ACA death panels either!

This #HealthcareBill is as about as inhumane in a civilized society by our government as it gets.
Muslim Ban is back on #maga
You are so right! What a disgrace.
OR...we can help reduce this problem in the future by teaching our youth things which ACTUALLY matter, like INVESTING, budgeting, taxes, etc
Wealth must be created before it can be taxed. Many folks are afraid of starting their own biz due to how complicated/ scary taxes seem
And what about being a country that kills babies and allows planned parenthood to sell the body parts.
You have bigger problems pending you and your wife now. Tend to that!
Is that going to be part of your defense strategy for fraud case? Don't take my beach house and put me on the street Mr. FBI guy
We're on to you! You're a low life hypocrite. #BankFraudBernie

#2020AssinationOfTheConfederacy #HealthCareTheDemiseOfTheConfederacy: Thanks to Mitch McConnell! 
Fear mongering.
We cannot be a country where wives steal millions from the state their husband is a senator..no matter what a joke the state is. #thief
Or a country that allows bank fraud, right?
They might want to go
#BankFraudBernie
Or have a family that commits bank fraud right Bern?
Isn't that the way with slave societies, socialism societies and communism societies do, toss out the old and murder the unborn.
We cannot be America with socialist like you trying to make it a nanny government. BTW. What's this #BankFraudBernie thing anyway?
My 84yr old Father are one of these individuals. If he were to lose his health care I have no idea how he or we could pay for it.
Liar
If we didn't have to pay so much on drug rehab maybe it wouldn't put such a high cost on insurance
Didn't you notice, your weird backwards guilt trips aren't reaching anyone anymore? It's over, man!
With all due respect, there are a few elderly in the WH that would not be a terrible loss, if they ended up in streets, or jail.
SAY HI TO THE FBI FOR ME BERN
Oh yes we can! Much like when the beloved Reagan threw mentally ill out on the streets we seem to be very adept at screwing over the weak.
Who and where is this happening Crazy Bernie. Another straw man stupid made up scare fear mongering tactic. Seen no coverage on msm. #maga
Sure we can, just ask @SpeakerRyan, Mitch, Mike P. . Those old sick people need to take personal responsibility along with those sick kids.
I encourage anyone who hasn't already visited an elderly care or nursing home and try to walk out not feeling angry what GOP bill will do.
And we can't keep having college presidents that throw students out in the streets.
Why do you believe that the most generous country in the world would do nothing to help others if the govt didn't have a program for it?
Leave the Democratic Party before they destroy your power and influence
Typical Dem/Socialist line: babies and grandma are all gonna die and it's all because of the GOP. Fear! Fear! Fear!... #failedtactic
Aren't you under investigation right now?
Nor can we be a country that takes the fruits of Man's labors and gifts them to someone else. Socialist.
Bernie sucks
@nytpolitics Thank you, Bernie.
does that mean you will be kicked to the street
As they say, Bernie, the length of a minute depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on...just sayin' 
You promote fake news.
Prove it 
And a large part of the poor. Even the ancient Roman emperors knew better. Could a search of history can find a worse elected government?
Money doesn't grow on trees, bern.
Fraud. Literally.
The right wing Republicans do not care about the elderly
Trump and GOP party wants death to the elderly and the poor 2 reasons kill the vote and most poor don't understand
#BankFraudBernie. Like you did robbing people of millions.  Is that why FBI is investigating you?   What a hypocritical liar you are.
I believe you have 10million dollars stashed somewhere to help out....
That would be catastrophic. Republican plan has no heart. Trump didn't even know what was in House plan that he pushed pushed pushed.
But when all goes awry, he will just find someone else to blame
Bernie Sanders: Under FBI Investigation.
Amen!
If McConnell asks you to hold his beer, don't.
The GOP argues against abortion bc they enjoy throwing children out into the streets along with sick & old ppl.
They will not be the only ones thrown out of their homes.
Can ya'll just get universal health care & be done w/ it? US can sure as hell afford it. Healthcare this healthcare that . Compassion ppl!
too late.
Need compromise.
Yes, but you do... even before Trump! Pathetic!
Well, we're already a country that throws our mentally ill on the streets. Should we really think it would have mercy on the elderly.
We aren't.  We are, however, a country that values state's rights and the constitution.  Choose which side you're on.
Remember when you had an opportunity to take down the corrupt democrat establishment but you pussed out?

Or scam banks for millions, err like you and your wife.
We already are. My wife and I were kick out on the street in 2003.  Been living in a motel ever since.
Scare tactics. You know good and well you are full of it Bernie. Everything you say is a lie.
We can not be a country that shoots our way to single payer. It's communism. We escaped EASTERN EUROPE from threat U ever honeymoon there?
Oh, but we are.
In some cultures those who can no longer contribute walk out on the ice to die. Is that what the US expects its elderly & handicapped to do?
Sorry... Any old farts not representing the working class need to go....
How many can you put up in your three houses?
Yet you will be. No demonstrations, no protests, nothing: just shrugs. Your country is now the punchline to a bad joke.
Nor can we be a country that encourages sucking the government tit.
Bernie u might want to worry about that FBI investigation
Oh but we already HAVE. Back in the "good old days" pre-Medicare & Social Security, remember? Going back to those good old days 2.0.
But we do. We need to cherish our elders. It is a sin how this country tests elders!
You should lead by example and start accepting them into your many beach houses you earned through capitalism
So says #BankFraudBernie
Bernie, you are 100% right. You have to rally your substantial base, and push back against the destruction of the poor, old and needy
