Why is every single one of your tweets about entitlement programs? 

How "Bernie" of you.
Because if he Freed Americans from the enslavement of SS and other gov programs we would all be wealthy, and he wouldn't have a job.
Can you provide evidence for that?
TO CHECK THE MATH~http://www.calculator.net/investment-calculator.html?ctype=endamount&ctargetamountv=1000000&cstartingprinciplev=33000000&cyearsv=1&cinterestratev=5&ccontributeamountv=0&ciadditionat1=monthly&printit=0&x=72&y=9 …
So, before SS was invented, everyone was rich? That doesn't seem to be correct. How about you go and uh.. not be here?
You're missing the point. The money can be taken out tax free as a 401k is, managed/invested as a 401k is. Into indiv. accts. as a 401k is.
Except for the fact that 401ks can be gambled away as derivatives, just like the housing market. Privatization increasing risk
Except I have never invested in derivatives once. My 401(k)S and IRAs have done nicely, but better "return" than my SS tax.
No, we need to phase it out. If i could invest my SS tax in a retirement aact, I would have more $ & could leave it to my family. #SocSec82
If you could invest your social security tax in a retirement account you could go broke with every financial crash. SS guarantees income.
Nope. I have been investing in a 401(k) and IRA for decade. It is the opposite of broke. It has grown nicely. You simply ride out the crash.
Why not SS is our own money Food Stamps is our SS money spent on free loaders like u that won't work
word salad...Bernie works every day for people like you...mister 15 followers
wrong again sno flake Sanders been a  freeloader all his socialist life. he never paid taxes till he was 40
socialism is pretty nice...how do you like those weather alerts from NWS?  how about CDC warning us of disease? military/police protection?
Obie did get that in unless he runs again under real name of Soertoro which can't  be ruled out with him
Opie?
For all your good ideas, @SenSanders, be smart enough not to hand the 2018 election to the Republicans by polarizing the Dem Party.
Or do you think it is polarizing to be better than everyone in the Democratic party?
What do I think? I think that another loss to Republicans in 2018 will worsen healthcare in this country.
I think that they need to adopt Bernie's policies and not be republican lite.
Really wish you had more guts when HRC fixed the primary. Sad.
He continues to work for the people and is solid on the issues he has worked on for years.  I disagree with somethings he does but,
IMO it's not good enough. He needed to have a backbone and stand up to her.
with more force.  I support those standing up for us, in the system and outside of it.  I think we will get further if we work together.
Amen.
@GadflyMorse are you going to pay bernie commie
Don't let anyone tell you that you shouldn't run for President.  What we really need is for you to run for President.  #Bernie2020
Kamala Harris will be 2020 Dem nominee. Bernie's too old and too corrupt.  Jane Sanders could be locked up by then.
Bernie is not too old and too corrupt. Kamala Harris won't get any of our votes. Good luck with her corporatist bullshit
Leave the disabled alone. It's not to any faults of their own doing!
There is no extra money for social security!  Perhaps Bernie can sell one of his houses to help!  He is a hypocrit. 
#

And expanding it to cover dental and vision for all
Republicans call Social Security an "entitlement"

Wrong! If you're employed you've contributed every payday

It's a paid benefit

#SocSec82
Yes, thank you.
Check that talk!  Spend , spend, spend!  Expand SS & Medicaid, pro DACA, pro immigration & illegals.  We R a country of debt in many colors!
My aunt is in her 80's & on #SocialSecurity. But the amount she receives is not enough to pay her bills, so she is still working! #tytlive
Our Democratic Congress persons and Senators should be demanding cuts to military budget and increases for SS, etc. Are they? Probably not.
@GOP @TheDemocrats Where oh where can we ever find funds to increase #SocialSecurity? #MilitarySpending #WarForProfit #WarForOil #tytlive
We don't war for profit. We provide defense for numerous foreign nations so that they can put their money to other uses and build economies
We absolutely war for profit. Are you delusional?
As indeed do all powers, historically.  There's no other reason, unless they are actualy attacked. We are all delusional on that point.
I include myself because tho I'd love to think FDR sought only to fight  Fascism, we do know there were economic factors, as well.
FDR was a wonderful leader, winning four terms, but was imperfect like anyone. He made mistake of interring our Japanese sisters & brothers.
Yes, indeed!
Lunacy!  Every baby born in America today, owes 60K to China.  His or her portion of the national debt.  Dems also expanded Medicaid?  20T!
I don't care what you do with Social Security. MY ss# was stolen 3yrs ago. Sure someone will enjoy the benefits I worked so hard for. POS
Like  expand it
Social security is a failed system.
And, you know this how???
No, the retirement age must be raised to correspond with increased life expectancy. Your mathematical skillls are rather lacking.
We need to pay for it the government has been spending the money that people paid into it ...stop being Madoff
We want our money back that the government stole from us
SS was paid in deductions from wages of working Americans during all the yrs they worked, get it? Actually worked for a living
No. Less govt is better. Like less Bernie Clinton-Sanders -- it would be a much better world.
Amen, you wonderful man!
What happened to your favorite model, remember your guy, Hugo Chavez & Venezuela.  Is that what u want to turn the Great USA into.  Go home
You act like money grows on trees. Maybe it does for you and that's how you pay for 3 houses but not for the rest of America, bud.
Yeah, great idea.. expand the biggest ponzi scheme in American history.  You're a thief of anyone who isn't on welfare.
Business needs to put in 10% ea year per emplyee or contractor and no cap on their contributions
So much for positive thinking.
It also wouldn't need fixed if the corrupt government would stop using it as their personal piggy bank.
Finally you said something worth saying.
It's nice to want more social security money from the millennials who can't afford basic housing or sustenance because you fucked it up.
What we should do is slowly wean Americans from all government freebies. Once the handouts stop they'll find a way to better themselves.
Or stop spending it.
WHEN, WHEN, WHEN, WHEN is he getting impeached?????????
We need to cut federal waste and abuse from these government programs.
How about replace it.
It's my money, , if private 401 k pulled this people would be prosecuted. I have worked and paid MY mon 46 years because they made us.
What we needed was for you and your cronies to have not raided and stole the money from Social Security while giving yourselves a pass on it
We don't need to cut it.
We need to abolish it
And you will pay for it right by having the same health care as everyone else.
And expand Medicare to include adequate end of life care to help protect the dignity of those dying and those left behind
Expand USA SS how? How about honoring at as intended. Keep from using SS for other things than intended.
Sounds right, let's just continue to print more money .   The problem with Bernie is eventually he runs out of other people's money 
I agree I have been on disability I was injured I had to fight I think they give it out to people who are not injured sucking the system dry

Bernie go away you communist.  You fooled a lot of kids but they. Will be older and look at the fool you are
Oh stop
You stop!  I tell the truth he is an old socialist that thinks we should be communist!
Totally inaccurate. You have grossly misdirected anger and misinformation
Bernie supporters just wanted us to pay their college bills.  Didn't work and never will.  Go to work pay your own bills.  We paid our way
Ahem how about we just go back to 1970s programs & costs for college? Where community college was free in california? When ppl could afford?
any expansion should b tied to = amt of another entitlement program reduction
This is how the left gets votes!
With what money?  How bout you give your salary up for it?
So by the rules you established by blaming POTUS for violence in Char. You are now DIRECTLY responsible for Scalise shooting.
I had been so elated in the beginning. Now, am so sick+tired of being asked for $ by ppl w/1000s x more. No health care for 10+yrs now
Who ya gonna steal from to pay for that this time.  You're so very generous with other people's money... Tyrant.
We need to completely cut out all pensions for Congress and the President. Also put congress and the president on Obamacare.
Sure!  To everyone!  Nobody even needs to work.  Let's all get paid off Bernie's never ending stash of Federal Government cash.  LOL!
Social-Security-for-all
Or let me put my contributions into my own IRA!
.we need a total rethink-universal living income would give us dignity, resolve care issues, improve wellbeing&inequality. & save us money
What we need Sir is to remove Trump from office...that needs to happen first.
Social Security is my govt stealing my money at gunpoint with no guarantee they can repay it. Give us our money back & stop this insanity.
Don't let anyone tell you that you can do math
Remove all obstructionist and vote them out. Non productive and unprofessional bottom feeders in the swamp all must GO now!
Why did you Not make a proposal instead of whinnying?  We need Senators who take positive action toward improving AHC, & on the Trump team!
Obamacare was in place yo squeeze out Medicaid.  Put cost on average Americans who have average jobs suffer the worst
With all the extra money were have.  Sure
Americans, socialism is not the answer.
Is completely destroyed, look at it, doctors and engeniers beg for a waitress job at the big hotels for a miserable tip. Free education?
Thank you Senator....
it is for retired persons or disabled..when you reach age of retirement or disabled,yes.NOT BEFORE. $ payments need to be increased
These countries run on a capitalism base, which is the only way. Cuba's regime always critizied the great Yankee Capitalist, that country
We paid in and we want what we paid for.
Bernie thank you! Love you
And don't let anyone tell Americans that Socialism is ok, it's the worse thing in the world, the countries mentioned in socialism run
What we need to do is #endthefed
Did the wife find the missing millions yet
We need to cut defense spending, foreign wars, "nation building," corporate tax breaks, and wealth inequality.
The Baby Boomer generation will have to say come election time if Trump & Co mess with it
Happy if we just got back all we paid in!
Maybe you should look into why $1 Billion In Social Security is just missing -
Please protect federal employee pensions as well.
What we really need is to take back the trillions stolen from it by our own government by putting a cap on the defense budget.
What we need to cut is the outrage salaries congress is getting!
We need to cut our military spending.
Maybe you can help pay for that, if you sell one of your 3 houses?
WELL PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS RID THE WELFARE,FOOD STAMPS OF ALL  DEADBEATS OVER 1 MILLION SO FAR...THATS WHAT SAVES SS  NOT MORE "FREE STUFF"
What we really need to do is use it for its intended use!
But I wouldn't expect some old hippie that has lived off of the taxpayer his entire life to understand that.
It's broke
And get the money from where??
The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other peoples' money. - Margaret Thatcher
Expanding social security would mean more out of the paycheck. Good way to keep the poor poorer great job Sanders. You must want a pay raise
So pay into a system with no interest rate. How about you set up interest on social security so it grows weather you add money to it or not
Greetongs from spaing.nwe are tring to preserve it too
What we need to do is give every person their money back and let them decide how to invest it themselves. U idiots just steal it constantly.
Join Dr Cornel West, many others to discuss the future of the progressive movement. Sept 8-10, 2017. Register@ http://convergence2017.org/register/ 
A #peoplesplatform in a #peoplesparty @draftbernie.org
Senator Sanders, thank you for your tireless work for social issues.  Especially so, for education, health care, equal rights and fair pay.
Talk about wages not on the rise 1 percent  raise then they raise  medical 5 percent  how does that help poverty, just goes up
Maybe y'all should quit borrowing from it and leave it for what it was intended.
Who said it should be cut? Bernie you are beginning to loose it
I can't believe I actually agree with Bernie on something
All I know....Is all the $$ taken from my paychecks, since 1980 plus interest had better be waiting on my retirement! You got that!?!
Only to those who contribute to it old timer!
I got your back. Everybody else want to be a thief. We The People should always come first.
Thank you Bernie
With what money @SenSanders? Trillions in debt and counting. You politicians talk "wonderful" things, but have bankrupted our country!!
You're a fraud who evidently failed basic math.
The government has to stop using it to pay bills, wake up Bernie
We need to cut politicians salaries and their Million Dollar Pensions. Sell your mansion Bernie give to the treasury. Hypocrite
Expand away ponzi fraud 47tr in debt already.

Venezuela needs govt expansion too.

Bernie never considers math in his policy positions.
For the most part people pay into social security. Why mess with that? Trump and his administration is disgusting.
Yes...and lower the age to 52 so I can start living off of it and the hard work of younger generations!
Restructure it.. need to #fixthedebt
Social Security is not theirs to touch we work hard for it and pay into it not everyone is weathy it's all we have to live on
Funny, that's what Bernie Madoff said... 
Don't let anyone tell you one house is enough!
What we really need is you---out of Washington.
Indeed!
Bernie OMG. If you want to live in Venezuela go ahead but leave the rest of us alone.
It's our money we worked for it, it's not a government dole. SS is viable and works. It's all some people have to live on. Leave it alone!
What we REALLY need to do is keep politicians out of the fund, and make them pay back what they've already taken and used elsewhere!!
thats correct otherwise one day they will stand up and kill the elite troop on the top.
Just 8 %
What we need is for you to stop thinking your entitled to take the money I earn and give it to someone else who didn’t.
Who's going to pay for this expansion?  The Fairy Godmother?  Your solutions are great assuming we live in a fantasy world
Very well#
No we dont need to cut SS.  We need to remove those who have not paid into it and give those who have a raise.
UBI. Reduce bureaucracy.
Or privatize it because the government is constantly borrowing from it, leaving millennials completely poor when we retire.
But privatize it only for those who have yet to retire, otherwise it'll mess up the system completely.
It'd be nice to take out the tax cap on Medicare, maybe that'll help, and  the minimum SS amount, it have a stronger chance of expanding.
You pay for it, rich people like you want socialism, so the poor middle class pay for the illegals too.
I've paid for over 45 years. It was taken from my pay not by choice&now I'm retiring!  I want my benefits..it's my money
Free health care, free college, expand social security. Why doesn't anyone ever ask Bernie where all this money is supposed to come from?
and it can be easily done. #SocialSecurity @BernieSanders
ConArtist #Obama Tried2 Cut SS. Placed it on GrandBargain ChoppingBlock, Appointed SS Cutters2 Bowles-Simpson. #Resist WakeUp & never forget
I know, I #DemExit.
If by #SocSec82 you mean to push the eligibility age to 82... that is a start. Math still means it will go bankrupt, but that would delay it

No one would dare try that crap on me.
If it's so great why force people to pay into it? You know, since you're "pro choice" and all. Let me opt out of the scam that is SSI
Cut it. Let people invest their own money as they see fit.
 unicorns exist too huh
Just pay back what they've stolen/borrowed/never intend to return...
Amen brother!
Total BS. Social security funds dilapidated by Democraps.
It was decided that I would have to put money in a fund for my retirement. It is my money. Protect it. Let it grow correctly with inflation
Maybe the government should pay social security back all the money it stole from it all these years.
What we need is hypocrites like you to retire.

stop thief... Stop stealing from my Children's paychecks and stealing from mine Liar and thief.
Thanks, Bernie!
Drain the Swamp
http://r.search.yahoo.com/_ylt=AwrTceHjXJJZWhsAQsc3nIlQ;_ylu=X3oDMTByb3B2a242BHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMwRjb2xvA2dxMQR2dGlkAw--/RV=2/RE=1502793060/RO=10/RU=http%3a%2f%2fusapolitics24hrs.com%2findex.php%2f2017%2f04%2f29%2fhuge-bernie-sanderss-wife-fbi-investigation-reason-will-sicken%2f/RK=1/RS=ODYjAuDHWNNyDjvVXxP.CxaW3yM- …
Get your hands of out my pocket. Government has no right to steal the product of my labor. That's saying government owns me. Slavery is evil
#SocialSecurity is a mechanism that allows us to have a say. And not forced to be subservient, b/c we can't do the work we used to do.
Hey Bernie. Where is all this money coming from? Free college, more SS, free medical care? There are not enough rich people to pay for it.
Yes, yes,yes!!! :)
Terrible system, Social security is a Ponzi scheme. Complete rip off. Another wealth transfer program.
Don't let anyone tell you that it will take untold amounts of your hard earned money in the form of taxes
And control the economy too right?
We just need to cut socialists...from the senate
No one has ever suggested cutting social security. Just a scare tactic used yearly during budget negotiations
Social Security would be unnecessary if we moved toward a Distributist economy, encouraging personal ownership of property and capital.
#servilestate #distributism
What we need is integrity in Congress to give us a debt free real balanced budget so there will be a serious social security.
Because the government has done well with it so far. Just give me my money I will take care of it. It will be there when I need it.
BRILLIANT! All of Washington should be under Social Security like us poor folk out here. How bout that Bernard...
Sure the government keeps spending it and it's insolvent, but come on, just give us more!
%
Actions speaks louder than words.
