You’re a thief Bernie. You want to treat Americans differently.  U want to take from people and give to others.  It’s theft.
It is NOT theft. It is progressive taxation which has been the norm forever. When the very wealthy pay their fair share, society thrives.
Newsflash. They pay more than their fair share.  And taking away someone’s earned money because you’re jealous they do better is stealing
Wealth "earned" through ownership is not earned at all. The rich are the thieves, taxes just return some of those gains to the people.
So you don’t have money and therefore no one should have it?
I'm doing just fine thanks. I just object to lazy moochers living off the labor of others - the owner class. Isn't that kinda your thing?
Living off the labor of others. I’m going to re write your words correctly. They employ people, pay wages, and run successful companies
In other words, they hold jobs hostage. Look around - there's plenty of work to do, and few jobs. An economy for the few & not the many
Bernie is selling and pandering to the poor and the young. Free this. Free that. Who do you think is paying?Those you want to punish you ass
Taxes. Taxes pay for them. More wealthy & corporations should pay more bc they make more. Trump was working & middle class to pay more tho.
Taxes pay for them. Who do you think pay taxes?
Did u not understand? Bernie said wealthiest & corporations should pay higher taxes. Trump says opposite. Trump's tax plan failed in KS.
Love you Bernie.keep up the good fight! 
Koch brothers, Koch brothers.... on a loop....
They bought their way there.
Your socialist should have educated himself what the tax proposal is even about!
Um. Talking about Koch brothers. They bought their way in. That's what you were whining about.
No, your senile socialist doesn’t argue facts, just pure demagoguery!
Ok cool. I'm not arguing with you. I was responding to your tweet about the Koch brothers. Which you've turned into something else.
Best response ever!
$27
He can’t help it. The man is nothing is not confused
As my brother @troyjensen would say, I wouldn’t give you my wooden nickel- Lord stomp ranting and do your real job or join in cashiers you support at McDonalds. Just quiet down or you will start to seize.
$27 per contribution, i will assume from the poor means i need 100,000 of them to pay off my house.  Mr Sanders, please send me the moola
Oh yeah that’s right, you didn’t hit the jackpot until AFTER you got cheated. Then you went and bought 3 multi-million dollar vacay homes.
misinformation spreader
Bet ya think this is misinformation, too.
What are you banging on about? The case the Hill is reciting relates to sale of Uranium TO the US & isnt a secret. https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/former-russian-nuclear-energy-official-sentenced-48-months-prison-money-laundering-conspiracy …
Yeah, that’s not the part I’m banging on about. Let’s chat again in 6-12 months, how ‘bout it? 
 it's a date ;)

I still support you Bernie dont give up a lot of people are behind you
Still feeling the Bern!  It's time to start putting our energy into supporting him for 2020.
If you want communism, that's the right choice.
Is it not that there is economic equality in this country that affects millions od hard working people?
I already make more than most of my of my friends. I do t have a huge house I don't drive a expensive car why are my bills so high?
I make a good wage but I'm broke all the time and barely staying on top of my bills. I work 55 hrs a week so don't say to work harder
Taking millions in corporate money from a few rich people is fine? Think about your logic buddy before your spew bs.
#Bernie your vision is dead. Trump has put us in the right direction. Making America Great Again
You both lost so let it go. looser
Cruz is a perfect example of a politician bought and paid for my big money. How can the people of Texas not see this?
Way to compare apples to oranges: "average" $27 and three specific contributions. Your lack of logic stymies me
And yet the bill passed with 51 GOP votes. Only Rand Paul deflected. Tell us what you need to stop this obscene billionaire tax break bill.
I LOVE YA @SenSanders but can u @ the @DNC so they can see this! also @TomPerez @keithellison @BarackObama @HillaryClinton  plse stay away!
Wow ~ truthful separation of actual constituent groups in USA. .. Clouded by 3 billionaires buying Dem Candidates.
You endorsed corporate war criminal #Hitlery & ignored #DNCfraud. High moral ground only works when you stand on it. See how that works?
Does that make him part of the top 1% of politicians, nope can’t hold a candle to the Clintons
Yet you keep playing the abused wife of the Democrats.
We also don't forget that you are a loser and you can't evwn beat Hillary. You are also a fraud.
Come on #lyingTed, you know we funded Bernie's campaign. Why'd you have to go there?

Yeah you stole money money from the people that needed it the most before you sold out
It’s not about the campaign, it’s about pushing socialism/communism that you know won’t be anything you will take part in!
@tedcruz - do you see the difference or are you a #MAGA #MORON - I can't tell! #beto4TX I can't wait to cast my vote!
We live in one of the wealthiest countries in the world that can afford to give the working class a tax break without one for the rich.
The tax break proposed for the middle class, is nothing but small gift to buy your complicity for the billion dollar giveaway 2 the rulers
Exactly
BTW:  how many homes to you own???
Yo Bernie give your millions and three home away to the poor, live in public housing then we may believe you.
Possibly more successful people have successful ideas and results
Let’s also not forget you both lost so in the end it doesn’t matter who got what for where it came from because it was a total LOST 
It was a total loss bc the dnc put forth hrc as opposed to bern!
It’s easy for servile puppies like @tedcruz to become confused, Senator. Remember that line, Cruz? Servile puppy? I remember it well.
We love you man!
If the Democratic party had chosen Bernie, he would have had millions too. They choose Hillary before campaigning even began.
@jujufrancesca savage
Talk about beholden...
and both of you lost… equally
And people still believe ted cruz..#delusional
You rent private jets to atone of $40,000 and let's not forget your summer home $600,000 who's the 1% Bernie
Reply to all you crazy Bernie fans your this is not his he is and his wife is fat
You have it up all man you’re crazy just like Hillary how about your wife is she in jail yet
Give it up old man You are nuts just like Hillary how about your wife she go to jail yet
And he took advantage of an off year election with typical low voter turnout during the primary and election...poor Texas
Let's be clear Bernie, you are a FRAUD, LIAR,& SELL OUT! Big difference! Fraud!
I confuse the 2 campaigns because the candidates look so much alike.
Drag him 
Abso-fucking-lutly. Do did well in illuminating the bill last night Bernie. Too bad that trucker doesn’t seem to know basic economics :/
Cruz is the worst; but there is donation cap of $2,700 per candidate/campaign. You can win this fight without misrepresenting the law.
@SenSanders says the one who lost to Crooked Hillary 
No one believes that, Bernie. Not when you have $10 million from unknown sources.
And this is a pissing contest why?
Ted Cruz is a Koch addict and the country knows it
How are you enjoying the new home @SenSanders? How much that set you back? Pretty penny for a "common"  fella.
Well said!
So did you liar
SICK BERN!
::mic drop:: Nice, SenSanders! :)
And yet somehow both of you lost...
#BITEMEBERNIE You are just as responsible for the election of this idiot's party President. Go sell crazy somewhere else #SpiritDay 

@SenSanders yeah, but they were all from Russian and African IP addresses. Stop bolshevik. #MAGA

Even when their comp aren’t successful they r given mega bonus. They only pay tax on fraction of their inc due 2write offs offsh accts etc
And we in Tex are gonna bring him down. Beto O’Rourke Dem campaign is neck/neck in polls. Pls donate if u can. Great US Rep now.
What about the rigged dnc election? That hurt...

It’s almost as if your entire policy is based on hating rich people...
Republican greed trumps all else in society!
That is such a waste of money. If they donated that back into their communities instead, we would all be better off.
Please, please, let's not re-iitigate 2016.  Let's look forward
#SeeyouinDC #DNCFRAUDPROTEST http://www.facebook.com/events/1371382702975167 …
And your supporters willingly participated in TrumPutin’s election fraud by gleefully retweeting fake news lies. #BerniebotTraitors

And Cruz STILL couldn't beat the Imbecile-in-Chief.
Yeah & $10 million of the $38 million from the NRA that's why Ted won't discuss banning assault weapons.
Yet in the end you sold out to another sellout. Hillary WallSt Clinton.
I appreciate your debate with @SenTedCruz but if the @DNC attacks you by saying your not even a democrat. WHERE ARE THEY on nights like that
Cruz is the old and new swamp$
Let me see... 
Mercers
Wilks Bros
Kochs

1 secretive family of fascists
2 oil industry icons 

I want my country back. Esp from Nazis & Oil
.@SenSanders  SHOTS FIRED
Nothing in government will change w/out campaign contribution reforms.We have a bought Congress.
SNAP. So satisfying. Just keep hosing off the bs when they fling it, Bernie. The truth rocks!

Savage

What's the matter @SenSanders, did Ted Cruz rip u a new as•hole on the workings of tax reform??
Gonna sell the lake house for your campaign Bern?
Well if its true thats what we gotta do to win right just like Obamah and Oprah. Oh yeah Harvey wiener
how is lake house Bernie? Those $27 donations sure add up
Yeah but either you knew or found out and did nothing about the @dnc intentions of never giving you the nomination
@tedcruz said only 2 things that were true,He said Washington is Corrupt and both parties have sold out to special interest & Corp.
boom
Killary bought you dude. Shut up
The people is what matters!!
It's been this way for a looooong time so don't go crying about it now. Just like the dems over the popular vote or electoral vote.
Funny Bernie you supported Hillary after. Along her out for months. And then stopped and said nothing  I don't think your really credible ?
But you did not stand up to that crooked Hillary did you. You just turn your back on your supporters and did not fight like a true American
#slay
Ted Cruz' head rests “on a pillow of ignorance"
So......what r we saying ?  Socialism didnt work out too well ??
Ted hates New York values but took money from big Wall Street bankers. He's a righteous conservative yet enjoyed streaming video.
Bernie you need to retire.
You annihilated Ted!
Damn Bernie. Please never give up. We need you.
And u both lost even the primary lmfao
You bent the knee before Queen Hillary after she made a fool of you. I guess it takes a sellout to know a sellout.
you both lost to @realDonaldTrump, what's the big deal
Feeling the Bern!
A bit of a difference
Keep it up Bernie!!!!
What about your @georgesoros money Bernie?
Bernie still salty about getting owned at the debate. It's past his nap time.
Please keep speaking. Let’s drown out the stupidity of @SenTedCruz always!!!!
So how did that work out for either of you?  No matter who donated or how much was donated you both lost, what does that say about you two?
In keeping with his nickname: "Lying Ted."
Slap
Dammmmmmn. #FeelTheBern
#GOHOMEBERNIE
You both lost!
ooo bernie tellem
GET EM BERNS!
Tell em Bernie!  And tell him to quit with his committee antics..
..campaigning on a DJ committee mtg w Sessions and spilling drinks to distract from Franken.  Obviously he has no intention of allowing the truth to be exposed.
That.equals a fraction of what your BFF Hillary received from millionaires and billionaires.

Yours rolled over to a cheater in bed with the DNC. Don’t forget about that difference too.
HOLLA!
Ooh! Bern!!
Excuse me @SenSanders but some big amounts here, https://www.opensecrets.org/members-of-congress/contributors?cid=N00000528&cycle=2018&type=C … https://www.opensecrets.org/members-of-congress/contributors?cid=N00033085&cycle=2018&type=C … for @tedcruz $38 million? Who are the 3?
Oh snap!
AND @SenSanders  
YOU NEVER answered FEC inquiry n2 single $10M donation to your campaign! 

WHEN ARE YOU RELEASING YOUR 10 YR TAX RETURNS?
You're talking apples and oranges... Your wife will get one a day during her jail stay for fraud... Just so you know
Bernie:  Wanna bet Ted Cruz never got a dime from Harvey Weinstein and you, Big Phony, wring your hands over "billionaires!" Fake concern!
Keep on him about the truth!
@SenTedCruz hold this L

Who funded all those houses of yours? Self righteous corruption at its finest folks... 

@sainttoad @SenTedCruz Why are we hearing from him on this? Where are the people who were telling HRC to get over it?
"If you didn't have Superdelegates and the corruption at the DNC you would have been the nominee." - Sen Cruz
#CNNDebateNight
#BernieOrBust
Senator Cruz meant to say:
"If you didn't have Superdelegates and the corruption at the DNC you would have been the 45th President."
Bernie killed it tonight
Vote for @BetoORourke
Trump did call him lying Ted Cruz for a reason.  For once one of Trump's pet titles was accurate.
That's because you took 3rd in the election cycle.
Savage as fuck. Seriously. Make mention of our corporate welfare will you?

Big deal broke nobodies are EASY to swindle... (-:
Get em, Bernie! 

And that’s $27 all those people can’t spend on smokes
LOL, Bank Fraud Bernie, still obsessing over 2016 election.  You're a lot like Donald Trump Bernie.
Oh #BankFraudBernie, how’s those 3 homes of yours? When are you selling 2 of the houses and “donating” the money to the federal government?
pull those receipts b
Hey, Bernie! Try not to confuse @SenTedCruz w/big words like confuse. The guy is a raging idiot.
That's all Cruz and the REPUBS do is LIE more people need to call them out on their LIES people don't hear ENOUGH about their LIES !!!
Preach! @politico @nytpolitics @NYDailyNews @maddow @ChrisMurphyCT @MarkRuffalo @tedlieu @JohnWDean @chrislhayes @JasonKander @SenFeinstein
Keep putting the truth out there Sen Sanders!
So you say... until we find out how much your wife salted away?
Three phone calls 2deep pockets & Sen.Cruz has in a few hours $38 million 4his campaign which is chump change given what they want in return
And all he had to do was promise these guys he would lie his ass off to America to sell their tax theft plan as being good for working class
How much did @HillaryClinton get in campaign donations?? You going to take a stand against your liberal handlers?!?!
And you sold out all your small-time donors by selling out to @HillaryClinton !! Remember that #BreadLineBernie ????

@SenTedCruz is your wife under investigation by the FBI? How is that going btw @SenSanders? I’m sure you had know knowledge of course.....
And you endorsed Hillary Clinton.  I'd say you're even.
Yeah. You know, I felt real hurt over that. How could he after that blatant cheating.
Well, my boy endorsed Trump, so it goes with the territory I guess.  Not everyone can be Ron Paul.
The more I see, the more I truly realize how some in this country are slowly eroding the constitution. Oddly, with the People's support.
@SenTedCruz #burned by the #Bern
BERNIE2020. CRUZ/LIAR
Damn, Bernie spitting fire 
You got him, Bernie
