Sure.
As a veteran I absolutely agree with this. I don't know any vet that wants the VA to go away unless we had universal healthcare.
Because waiting for sub par care is great for Veterans? Rationed Care makes sense for all of us? Sorry buddy I don’t buy it for one second
again, Bernie wants to strengthen the system. Improving care quality and availability would be part of that.
Of course he does. With our money. Until the money runs out. Free crap for all. Enjoy your crap sandwich. Free markets are solution.
Free markets also run with "out money" at twice the rates of government systems.
Sure, because we are paying for people that don’t have insurance. Illegals and the welfare set that abuse the generosity of the rest of us.
If we wouldn’t be giving away the farm, we would be in much better shape. But such things never bother anyone on the Left. Gimme Free shit!
Why would any rational, self-educated adult give deference to an institution that CONSISTENTLY proves it cares nothing for life on earth?
What/who are you talking about? Please clarify.
It’s supported the most brutal regimes, trained/funds “terrorists,” and oppresses sovereign peoples.
Again, Tony...please identify what you are talking about, please.
Just did. If this comes as some surprise to you, I'd suggest you're either not paying attention or putting faith in undeserving institutions
Maybe I’m not proficient at Twitter stuff. Are you talking about the VA? The US Military? The Federal government? Bernie Sanders?
Not one of them are accountable to taxpayers. These Orwellian clandestine services are state monstrosity creations to cede control from ppl.
If you are a Veteran, I am interested in hearing your thoughts on the VA. If not, I wish you good health and a pleasant life. Take care.
Single payer doesn't work Bernie the VA fiasco has shown this fact to every vet waiting for treatment from them.
Socialized healthcare (like the VA) is different than single payer, which is different than a public option
Not really. Need to look into it and how it actually work in other countries. Remember the baby in UK forced to die bc of death panel.
That baby had a incurable genetic disorder...
Some say, Rep., they want to improve health care. What are they going to DO to improve IT? What are the specifics. Con artist; dealing fast.
My Grandfather is in a wonderful VA hospital in NJ. They take excellent care of him and it's a beautiful hospital.
DT is beyond nauseating. He's going to take a Holy Land for several religions and place capitol buildings there? I'M BEYOND INFURIATED.
you have no credibility on the VA...  you have shown how much you cared...
Why give more money to the VA, so they can have more million dollar parties at veterans' expense?
Trump eliminated hundreds of bureaucrats from the VA system and it's working much smoother and at lower cost . . . .
You mean like how Obummer ignored and dissed our vets for 8 years?  Thought so #wakeupBern
My dad depends on the VA and I don't know what to do if he loses any benefits! 
Ingenious. First they will subsidize private treatment. Then, after VA is gutted, remove the subsidies.
@SenSanders the VA under democratic control was a disaster maybe u should sit this one out
Mr Sanders I am a veteran we need to be able to go to outside doctors and dentists. If I had the time I could tell you my own experiences
Forgot to mention Trump he wants a dictatorship, he's a traitor. Colluded with Russia You change your view of Trump if you were smart
This is crucial. We all have to oppose VA privatization
Go away con man...
When the Chairman of the VA at the time when 307,000 Vets die waiting for care speaks about the VA, and we should listen? No credibility!
A straight piece of shit.
If we can't get the VA right what makes everyone think Universal Health Care will work
Because with a public option or single payer, you would still use private hospitals and practices.
Well single payer works well on the va
It's not the same...
How so
Because single payer has a different meaning. Hospitals would still be run privately. Va is not single payer
You sir are an IDIOT! Sorry but your pal McCain doesn't count and certainly doesn't speak for ALL Vets!
Stop selling off America to private corporations we are a democracy NOT a company for sale but boy this Pres loves selling stuff
Trump is fighting the Washington swamp creatures. GOP & DNC.
They get in office and become millionares.
How does that happen?
Our taxes.
He spends every weekend golfing out of state$ his people fly all over country in private jets we the public pay for its pretty slimy
What he does for recreation at his age doesn't affect me, as long as he keeps up what he's doing.
Finally the Oval Office is under control.
Thank you. My dad was in WWII. In his day, having served not only gave you medical care, it gave you help to get an education, a down payment on a house, and more. My dad went to VA meetings until he died. It was a place for comfort, one vet to another. Never allow privatization!
22 suicides a day on average. VA is really on the ball Bernie. Get these guys the care the deserve now not more of your socialist red tape!
Don't act like you give a damn about our veterans.
What's the matter? Enough gun control for one day?
Go sell a house my man
Uh yeah right, Veterans do there best to avoid relying on the VA medical system because it is still in need of serious work to address
The serious problems with the system. Veterans who have served a system that serves them, not one that neglects them and provides mediocre
Not true.
Funny seeing as how the video itself highlights the need to strengthen and improve the VA system.... I guess Bernie and McCain are both
Lying as well
U & other idiots from the previous administration had ample opportunity to fix the VA system.  Only made it worse.  Shut up.
Why would a Patriot want a socialist / communist in office?
The VA system works great.  It’s up to the individual to manage their health and interact with the institutions of choice
Your  party is losing the fight for complete control of the people of America...just accept it
Bernie, you are the greatest [fool] that has ever been in politics
If Pres.Trump hurts/dismantles the VA, he won’t have much support or people to send to fight the war his tweets & communications r creating
#MAGAIT Make America Great Again Impeach Trump #MAGAIT
Why not expand veterans choice?
"To care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan"-Lincoln, would not be a Republican n modern America
Oh yeah???  Is that why John McCain went outside the VA for treatment?  Because it's so great with little to no wait times.  Ur pathetic....
You're entirely right. Join the winning team, Bernie. The vets won't disagree, many of us supported you from both sides.
Bernie why don't you and the other senators get behind him and provide better service for the veterans
When will the greedy finally admit
that there is *no way* to reduce
the cost of taking profit?
With respect, my recent personal experience shows me that using non-VA Drs. and facilities should be an option for vets.
I’m still ALIVE because I had to go outside the VA for critical care that the VA can’t and WON’T provide!!!!
Why are VT’s gun laws so loose?
The only thing you are advocating for is more government control. Let's actually do what will give the best care.
SHUT UP BERNIE! ELECTIONS ARE OVER!!
Yep of
The VA has always been there for my husband.  It needs to be fixed not dismantled.
How did you let it get so bad, Bernie? You've been on office for years and never done a thing for us.  Best thing you can do now is quit.
Bernie, the V.A. is a  complete failure, providing medical for our veterans.  A great example of government run healthcare run amuck.
@iava We all must fight to maintain, preserve & strengthen the VA &  VA hospitals! As a Veteran, i will fight to help improve veterans care!
Where were you and Sen. McCain when the VA manager in Phoenix was caught withholding care to get bonuses?  She walked free!
Senator Sanders...you work so hard for the American people! Why aren't you the president???
The VA has been my sole health care provider for 20 years & has done an excellent job for major, minor, & routine care. Strengthen the VA.
Hey just like schools..
Makes no sense
Government bureaucracy destroys lives
Honestly, if you are NOT a Veteran, or someone who takes care of a Veteran, you have NO right to argue for privatization. I’m both. @KEEPVA
The moment we start seeing the VA as good health is the moment America is doomed
OH HELL NO!! WE NEED OUTSIDE MEDICAL CARE MORE THAN CUTE LITTLE INTERNS THAT DON'T KNOW A DAMN THING!!
You are a real winner in my book Bernie
Republicans are always screaming flag and country but will take benefits away from those who served...ironic?
We remember when your buddy Barack Obama was in charge and veterans were dying because the wait list scandal. Shame on you liar!
What is your solution? I mean, besides knee-jerk hate talk? Let’s FIX what’s wrong, not whine about how Obama destroyed the world..
Allowing veterans to go wherever they want was a good start. Allowing the firing of corrupt employees would help.
Privatize the care for better service and care. It also saves money
Please google the last few experiments when attempted VA privatization. Abysmal Failures Every Time.
Liberals have been clear they support every inefficient gov't run program if it get them support $$ and votes from the various gov't unions.
Mind your own business
@Juan_M_Ortiz
Why Wall Street want soldiers without the benefits after the war or whatever is over is due to power-lust and not patriotism.
Please accurately describe what is being done!
I expect more honesty from you!
You are the Last person that should comment on the VA.  You & E. Shinseki should be sharing a jail cell over what both of you did to the VA
If government run healthcare worked well you wouldn’t have veterans desperately avoiding the VA whenever possible.
You're not even a veteran 

Minnesota VA is better healthcare than corporate healthcare in this state
5,000+
You are sick
Shows just how out of touch this guy is. He needs to retire to Venezuela and learn what socialism really is.
Bernie what have you done for VA in last 20 years?  Not a damn thing so keep your damn mouth shut!  You are part of problem not solution!
Socialism always fails.
I chose my company insurance over the va for a reason bernie.
billions spent on funding weapons for the military, yet the govt can't spend a dime more to fix the VA?
Heaven forbid. Billions into the private sector from a govt department. Thats the real resson you dont like it.
Privatization does NOT work. Has NEVER worked.
Thanks John and Bernie...

@ObviAriana
My son has Champ VA and needs braces, today I found out he was denied. He is under his fathers VA insurance. Did they drop some coverage?
Obama did not help the VA much, and if Hillary were President, she would probably do away with it altogether. Trump is trying to fix it.
Says the man that did nothing as the chair caucus for the VA for 18 months while complains mounted on his desk.
The Choice program is being used differently now than when it began. It is being stripped away each week.
You and the government have failed our veterans by providing substandard care in the VA system. & you want government to run all healthcare?
You can thank the republicans for that one.
Socialism is a failure
Medicare for ALL Veterans!
I have both, don't you?
I not sure what would be wrong with giving basically medicare to veterans and allowing them hospital choicem
The VA should be dismantled.
You need to find a better VA if Illinois sucks ass
We will make sure all the voices of our Veterans that we serve will be heard
Just became Executive Director if The Sanctuary Foundation for Veterans .... our mission is to eradicate homeless vets and make a difference
That's nice, are you going to save our VA?
Kill the va, and use that money to send us vets to the docs of our choice.
The deep state want their wars and are ready to destroy the dollar in the process but they will not print money to look after Vets. Sad!
According to the VA, women veterans = less than shit!
Generosity is not generosity when it’s paid for by someone else.  Easy to spend someone else’s money huh?  Hillary has already put you in s closet and called you crazy. You have been in DC for a lifetime and done nothing but get paid.
The VA hires subpar doctors. It doesn't have the money to hire the best. Plus it is male-oriented...
The VA I went to served few females and the ones they did were maligned as less deserving of care than male peers
The sole purpose of the VA is to deny Veterans' their benefits. Do not be fooled.
They will try to diagnose you with a personality disorder, or claim your condition is preexisting.
you're the man Bernie- from a combat wounded vet I tried going private practice for prosthetics it's not the same at all
Thank you!
BS
Senile old man mumbling gibberish
U don’t want Vets to have choice/U want more of the same/government/lots of it/calling the shots/making their decisions for them!NO THANK U
Veterans like myself only care about getting the help we need. We don't care who gives it to us!!! Just make it happen!
Who have you been talking to, not the Vets I know
Maybe Minnesota vets then
Typical GOP tactic to defund and starve public services so they fail.
I can't receive treatment right now because VA choice is a joke!!
We want to help. Please DM us via this link, and we'll be in touch: 
https://twitter.com/messages/compose?recipient_id=14208785 …
@magpulmaster1 He's a complete tool!!!
There has been so much #corruption in the #V.A. @POTUS is weeding out the maggots because he truly loves  our #Veterans from way B4 he won
You're generalizing...I'm a veteran and would much rather have healthcare provided by the private sector. Dismantle the VA and save us all $
You hate giving up any power over people.
All that money that goes to illegals that you support could go towards veterans, Bern
Truth!
Independent Socialist Bernie Sanders is in the pocket of the #NRA #LasVegasShooting
Bernie, the VA does right by me, you probably don't hear that often, but here in KC, the VA does a good job.
Same in Minnesota
wouldn’t mind seeing the very best private specialist MDs on the government’s dime, but there’s NO WAY it would be fully funded yr after yr
which would result in worse care than the current system provides, isn’t the best care, but it isn’t bad either at my local VA 
After the way you headed it. Could there be anything left but up?
it's amazing how they go through so much in the name of their country,but this happens.If trump wants people to fight his war,look after em
VA is a disastrous, over bloated. bureaucracy. Perfect example of a government run healthcare system.
Yes! It is so corrupt! I've seen it first hand!
Here's my point of view on Veterans, ALL Veterans put their lives on the line to protect our freedoms so they ALL deserve FREE health care
I’m a vet... have free VA health for life... I’d rather pay, and I avoid the VA at all costs. Bureaucrats are awful. #FuckSanders
If the money is spent on vets what is the problem?
Eh, I'd like to be able to use my benefits at local hospitals instead of driving three hours to the VA hospital.
VA Choice card for you, they sent mine without me requesting one
Yeah, I've got one, but they still make me jump through hurdles to use it. They also love to cancel appointments on me, for my convienence..
We can break their balls for that, there are ways
The VA choice program doesn't work because the providers know the bills won't be paid. I was stabilized in ER & told to go to a VA. 
@MAHAMOSA Privatization Profit- the only true gods of the predator capitalists in GOP

Privatization @DeptVetAffairs is War Profiteering 
Make the Vet hospitals bigger, add on to them, add wards hire more physicians/nurses. It's not that complicated.
We love you Bernie you’re doing great
Since WHEN do you give a flying phuque what the veterans want?! The only person you give a *hit about is you.
Thanks Bernie for always fighting for us !
I work for the VA and the veterans are very upset and disappointed
They won't be when Trump gets thtough.
Speaking of re directing resources
They need to fully fund the VA no matter what it costs!
Snakes in the grass. Veterans sacrificed their lives and now congress and senate will walk on them.
Didn't you retire yet? Maybe recall is in line and for your future
Whats happens in Chicago is dope.. Hate and turf. Nothing racial at all. Black on black
BERNARD.  STOP YOUR FEAR MONGERING, PATRONIZING, UNFUNDED, SOCIALIST BULL. YOU WOULD NOT SIGN UP FOR ANY PROGRAM YOU PROPOSE. SHAME ON YOU
Dude your bold on top, stop making that chicken nest up there. And by the way, what have u done for the V.A.
Oh the Democratic Party cares about VA? Well that's a first.
Yes because you hacks in D.C. have done just a beautiful job. No reason to get that out of the way. Take care of the vets not your pockets
As a VHA employee I am very worried about this very thing.
Then don't vote for any socialist.
I am soo glad my father, who gave 37 years of service to the V.A., can not see this.
Don't chop shop our V.A.
BS. Dems have screwed Veterans
Thank you for your service
Bernie always talks with facts and sound reasoning.
Compare just about any paragraph with any paragraph from Trump
Gotta love Bernie the more he talks and shows what he actually does to help.  The more thanks to him for being a quitter  thank you Bernie
Veterans should be able to seek medical attention at any facility. All hospitals should provide care for all Americans. No separate VA.
I like the Choice program it's gotten me the Therpist I have had for a year & wouldn't want another VA one as I had 2.
Not this Veteran! You are giving better healthcare to illegals than we get!
That's ridiculous go to the back of the line
That s great that you care about vets, but in reality the only group you folks cater to is LGBT that's why you lost election to Trump.   Duh
I'm a vet Bernie. Without being able to hold VA employees accountable by firing them, it will always be in shambles
The VA is single payer healthcare AND IT SUCKS!!!!
....Outside the VA system...to the private sector where veterans get better care more quickly.
Not true
First we get money out of politics. Then we can have nice things.
Bernie, Trum administration are improving VA healthcare, not shutting down services. Most likely need to make outside VA medical available
We receive better care at the @DeptVetAffairs than outside. The VA is understaffed by 50k people... #DoTheMathHireMoreStaff

Taxation without representation is tyranny.
#republicans cons #gop #conservatives fail to represent #Veterans :(
            #gopHatesVets 
Oh now you care about Vets Bilbo Sellout?
But Bernie it's a single-payer system I thought single-payer systems were good so why do they need help
Ok socialtwit. Splain to we beneath u lol  . What u mean??  GBA<><
then why doesn't the military have a program for outgoing vet doctors to serve last year at a va clinic or VA hospital? and pre med students
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan $1.5 Trillion Deficit & Redirecting People's Benefits 4 #CorporateTaxCuts & #EstateTaxRepeal-Gotta to be kidding!!

Fee Basis @VeteransHealth was an A.
Congress' Choice is an F.
INCREASE funding @DeptVetAffairs 400%. 

 “#StaffTheVA” by @Pamela_O_Plays
BTW. McCain is a traitor.
I bet you never....sorry you’ve never done anything productive outside sucking the taxpayer dry
VA can't keep good doctors because they don't pay them enough.
Do not dismantle the VA. The VA needs boosting. Money is always diverted from the VA. VA needs new equipment cuz it doesn't get updated.
Fix it and then they will want to use it. Maybe McCain could be the test subject.
How long have they been "fixing" the VA. Why are liberals scared of choice. What if you live over 100 miles to the closest one?
As a veteran I'd much rather have choices outside the V.A.
Thank you Sen Sanders.  I'm sharing this far and wide.  And I'm fuming.  No peanuts welcome from trolling ignoramuses.
I am a veteran I DO NOT WANT IT PRIVATIZED. Jesus Christ this administration is corrupt.  Fix it, don't privatize it.
As a veteran, did you speak out when VA scandal was made public under Obama & he never fixed it? Did you call his administration corrupt?
I don't believe anything a leftist says
Both you AND John McCain don’t give 2 shits about vets.  We are NOT impressed
Amen
um Bernie, I love u.. there are much more pressing things to get involved with right now. Be our leader! And be current! Please!
What is more important than honoring the people that sacrificed their health so you can live in a free society? Vets need @BernieSanders .
Your NOT a veteran, you never served. I did Army http://1964-1970.you  have no idea what a vet thinks.we want to go to any doctor!
Who will pay
So educate people about MMT Bernie. Stop being part of the Big Lie
How much of the Hundreds of Millions of Dollars do you exploit from the from The VA, Medicare and Medicaid Sanders???
Fool!  when you are in a waiting line for 3 weeks before getting a shot of cortisone for pain we need outside resources!
Based on your voting record on gun control I no longer have any respect for you. You "owe nothing" to victims of Sandy Hook, Las Vegas, etc?
the VA killed how many under democrat rule, shut up you socialist
This guy didn’t even care about the veterans until Donald Trump praise them! All of a sudden it’s his idea!
