BREAKING:  Budget office: 23 million more uninsured, lower premiums for less coverage under GOP House-passed health care bill.
None. There are still emergency rooms even though that is expensive.
What about medicine needed to survive? Dying isn't just emergency room cases. It's stuff that needs constant care.
The systems broken. Whether the ACA mishmash's the cure thats the question. I have Obamacare and pay over $920 a month for expensive care.
Expensive is better than no insurance. Some with pre-existings were grateful for the ACA. It's definitely broken, but better than nothing.
I have it and with my $6000 deductible do not find it significantly better than major medical or catastrophic coverage.
If they were going to die they would have already died in Obamacare with its high deductible and co-pay. Learn your job.
High deductibles and copays are better than actually paying for a coma, full hospitalization and year of meds.
Did you not have health insurance?
Luckily I did with Obamacare. It saved my life.
Did you not have health insurance before Obamacare? Did you have preexisting conditions?
Before ObamaCare We paid $757 per month for two of us. Now, over $1,800 with a $9,000 co-pay / deductible each.
Oh it's not perfect, but I'm sure my parents would tell you it beats their youngest daughter suffering from lack of meds or going into debt
LEGAL OR ILLEGAL THIER IS 22 MILLION ILLEGALS HERE HOW MANY PAY IN AND HOW MANY TAKE
Most of those (projected) people choose not to purchase insurance.  Your bullshit talking point is hollow.
All the people I know who are scared have to lose it, have it, and do pay for it. All with pre-existing conditions.
Most young people I know choose the fine over paying for insurance that is pretty useless anyway due to huge deductibles. System failing now
Not perfect, but far from useless when you have pre-existing. A coma can cost over 350,000. Plus medicine for the whole year and visits.
They won't be turned away
No, but we'd be left with a mountain of debt in an emergency. And we wouldn't be able to get necessary medicine.
Get a job, go in the military? That's what I did? Why is that so hard?
You assume I don't have a job. Lol. I can't be in the military because of my health. I have a job, but it doesn't have insurance.
Harvard study from '09 stated 40% higher risk of death w/o ins. 40% of 23 mil = 9,200,000. 9.2 million people.
Those people are extremely short sighted.  Being young and seemingly healthy doesn't mean you can't be injured or diagnosed with cancer.
Yeah, that nasty ol "Empathy Syndrome"
Because I believe... In the GOP? I don't understand your point.
I think he is trying to say you are unfairly paying attention to what the GOP is actually doing.
My child and others like her could die and be forced into institutions just to get medical care

Justice for Seth Rich .This is the petition link if you haven't signed yet please retweet https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/868619692067479552 …
Does it just go like this until it's full-on "A Tale of Two Cities" or do we just go to "The Grapes of Wrath"? Prefer a friendly solution.
I don't think they really care one iota.
Send illegals back to their own countries. Then maybe the US could afford insurance for everyone without fucking over drs.
No. They don't care.
Or go bankrupt. Or lose their home.
Yes 
Political #brinksmanship at the expense of people.
$$$ at expense of their soul.
Tribal #partisanship at the expense of #Democracy.
Consider healthcare like food - necessary to survive - isn't a right to be provided by govt. We work to pay for it.
So what did everybody do before precious obamacare? Give us a break Bern! Relax and enjoy your blood money lakehouse this weekend!
How about how many will die when Obamacare explodes and no one is covered
No . They see and serve only the GODS of the almighty dollar
Who voted for Obamacare Bernie did you asked them how many are going to die when it collapses? No because moonbats first before America
That's what 'pro-life' looks like. :(
FAKE NEWS spewed out by Democrat controlled media.
Paul Ryan is the asshole who wants to cut everything for the poor & middle class. He should be fed to a lion.
It's as if we're hearing an implication  that our most valuable resource., people.. are expendable
plus when someone dies it may effect the whole income of a family . Trust me I know about that when my father died when I was 8 years old
Sorry you and your family went through that.
Yes Bernie none you moonbat you!
have you estimated how many people will go bankrupt  if they have to pay for 23 million peoples health insurance, nothing is free Bernie
Same number that will die with it. People die regardless. Why are u not worried by how many people die because of #plannedparenthood ??
How does not having insurance kill someone? How about we make healthcare services affordable and just eliminate the insurance?
27,711 per year. (Based on 1 fewer death per year for every 830 people who receive healthcare.)
You mistaken the #SpinelessGOP for someone who cares #SelfServingGOP #ResignNOW45
Lower premium for less coverage. I'll take it. I don't need condomns & prenatal care. So there is a little common sense in this bill. TY
Not one STUPID insurance is not CARE. How nmuch insurance stock does Bernie the sello out have.
A bloody lot
Too many Americans revel in harming others,  bullies,  traitors.
Come on fight back
Term Limits!  Time for you to move into the vacation house Hillary got for you
Ever have to pay for your own insurance?
Now do one if Obama care stays....
They can't afford the deductible anyway. It's terrible insurance. Get a clue. Fix the cost issue
Take this talking point and shove it. It's a lie and you know it.
I'm guessing that COB score is why they wanted to push it through as fast as possible B4 the score.. They knew full well it would kill ppl.
Republican Congressmen and honey-badgers just don't care.
23m Americans: death and dying under gop.
I Want  (D)and (R)solve the problem and Working together no Matter what American zoo 
You are  a good for  Control safe citizens first from dangerous because we are poor and middle class We are Sweet 
Feel the Bern blah blah blah never shuts up mr Russia ginself
probably the same amount that died while not covered by obamacare.
How many did before government forced a product down our throats?
Learn the history of #healthcare IT'S NOT A RIGHT. People had to work for it. It didn't survive "freebies" @FoxNews
You sound just like the Democrats. Boring.
Sadly, @SenSanders, I think this is exactly what they want :(
Does the administration care, is the question, and we all know the answer.
Probably not. But they don't care anyway
No one they care about.
Mr Brexit go away.
Shut up!! If you're so concerned about these people, then set up a private foundation to help. Taxpayers are done
Stay on them Bernie!! Run again next time! I love everything you stand for.. keep on em!! You're awesome!!
Your question assumes that they care.
Probably the same amount.
Not to mention the immeasurable amount of suffering, the millions who would be financially ruined by an illness or accident. Unconscionable.
Only the ones too stupid to find an emergency room or apply for the various charities and pro bono programs out there
Not enough.
Socialist Bernie should be able to answer his own question by looking at the results of failed Obamacare. They won't be kicked off.
Why is that question applied to OBOMBma care?
Yep, cause it'll save money so they can be fiscally responsible and balance the budget.
Uncaring politicians are riding out their remainder of their term by doing nothing for their taxpayer bloated salary and fancy healthcare.
Short answer.  No. They do not care.  To quote somebody I have no respect for, "SAD"!
they won't care until it impacts the work force, or those who train the work force.
Ouch.
Well that would mean the administration would have taken into account the poor and sick when they backed the bill...sooo no 
Republicans have estimated more Ins Co contributions annually to feed their Greedus Corruptus disease, the only cure is a 28th Amd end Corp$
lol
I think thats the point Senator, they couldn't care less. It's like they are 'Cannon fodder' to use an old-fashioned term
Thrown off? You're lying Bernie! Now they have $ 2 get CARE. You know, the part that actually matters 2 their health. Not forced to spend $
If insurance rates keep going up, I will be uninsured
Imagine that... if you pay lower premiums... you get less coverage.  You do realize that's how insurance works, right?
You only pay for the coverage you need... Not what the government demands.
How many will die when Obamacare implodes and over 300 million are without it, Mr. Sanders?  Your party sold us male bovine patties, sir!
How many will die when use your band aid instead of fixing the corruptions that cause the problem. Term limits, bcus even fool's get old.
Y do u fabricate?CBO estimate doesn't say "thrown off",& admits major portion of # based on opt outs-people free from govt coerced/mandate!
IIt's over 120 people PER DAY (over 40k annually) based on data from the CBO, CDC and Harvard School of Public Health. @realDonaldTrump
Oh crazy Bernie, such an exaggeration. The states have full control to do what they want for programs, as it should be.
The GOP'S Have never ever really cared about The Middle Class, The Senior's or The American People period!  This was Always their agenda! 
LETS TALK ANOUT HOW NOONE COULD AFFORD OBAMA CARE.  HOW THEY WOULD AVOID DR VISITS
same 23 million that didn't want Obamacare in the first place now won't be FORECED to pay for crap they can't use.  Sounds fair to me!
He wants genocide, Stalin style.
110million on Welfare. Cut that program by  20% and you can afford to cover the other 23 million who can't get insurance.
Trumpcare is motivated by animus and political gain,and homicide by depraved indifference no waiver for this crime
I don't think they care.
Nobody died because they didn't have access to health care. Some tool said that last week.

Like all those good "Christians" care. Again, people are just collateral damage to their extremist agenda.That's terrorism against the US
Same as died all those years BEFORE Obamacare?
Have you estimated how many deaths will be on your conscience, since this is your fault?
no more two party corporate police state control Period Third party time Green party or independent or prepare for a two termtru
They're betting those are blacks and immigrants. Easier to win elections without those demographics
Fear monger much bernie ?????
Republicans don't care.
See! now President trump want's the poor to pay for his Wall! By  cutting there food stamps, and medicate.Mexico don't wanna pay?
That may be part of the "make America  Great campaign.  Getting rid of what the wealthy class sees as undesirables.
They don't give a damn about We the People it's about a damn dollar euthanize the old the elderly and the disabled and the many sick kids
Do you think they care? They want only ultra rich white men to be Americans I mean Russians. The rest can die.
If the individual mandate is repealed than they have a choice.  People like freedom to choose.
It is time for all of those who were conned into voting for Trump under the guise of his "caring" about the nation to admit it and WAKE UP
I would Die Bernie! I survived an Aortic Dissection 3 years ago. Need meds and scans to live. First I'd lose everything to pay, than I'd die
@AP_Politics have they calculated the loss of tax revenue from those they murdeted?
Silly socialist under #ACA 28M losecoverage in the same period&of the23M #cbo claims how many didnt want insurance but were forced to by ACA
they don't care
Don't forget the 50 and over would pay much higher premiums. 
This administration could NOT care less.Hardworking blue collar worker trump fans are in for SUCH nasty surprises!
No one dies, because no one is refused health care if they need it. How many people would die in the Medicare line waiting to be treated?
I think that is part of their anti-poverty strategy.
Don't know or don't care.    Which is worse????
Maybe it's both?
Their plan Is a disgrace, especially since Trump promised the opposite to get elected. It's not the news that's fake... it's the President!!
And their costs due dumping vulnerable+ less covered+not adding private Industry costs added for own PROFITS,PR+CEO pays
You call it being thrown off health care, I call it natural selection.
Trump's healthcare policy will kills more people than ISIS..... he really should receive the MVP from them.
YOU GUYS DON'T KNOW TO HANDLE MONEY, AT LEAST WE HAVE A BUSINESS MAN TRYING TO DO BETTER THAN YOU GUYS.
They don't give a fuck. They're straight up evil.
Not surprised!!!
But they'd all be old or poor so who cares right!
Bernie, stop acting as if republicans should be bargained with. The game has changed. The war has begun.
They don't care. This administration cares about one thing. Trump. Nothing matters but Trump.
Yep the same amount that would no matter what quit the lies Bernie it is so embarrassing think of your parents they are even ashamed by now
How many will lose their health care if we stay with Obama care??? No one ever says those numbers. The answer everyone!! Can't sustain it.
1 for every 455 according to New England Journal of Medicine. Roughly 50,000 per year.

http://www.pnhp.org/excessdeaths/health-insurance-and-mortality-in-US-adults.pdf …
Or the cost to emergency providers for being unable to bill insurance for uninsured. Or cost increase for taking away preventative access?
Pretty sure it will be more than enough for a @60Minutes feature #gopdeathpanels #SinglePayerNow
Pre existing alcoholics; smokers; druggies; chronic meat eaters;
couch potatos....shall I go on?!
Well Bernie all of them!
Why would they estimate? They're delighted to throw folks off of health care. To them, if people die, so what?
Well, since 80% of them would die from treating their bodies like a dump maybe that would be ok, just sayin'
#TrumpNotCare
U people responding to these  lies r falling for the Dem BS. Scare em into believing anything we say. Make them dep on us 4 their votes.
The world is overpopulated anyways there needs to be movement towards a two child max per family
320 million.
I'd say about 23 million.
Why can't the R's work with your bill? Is there a way to "score" it against that lame AHCA?
Nowhere does it say kicked off,23M people will opt out, your twitter aide knows less about it than you
Sen.Sanders your demeanor and lack of composure was an embarrassment to you and the members of the commitee
Not to mention the 18 million TODAY in Red States dying because R-Gov's refused Medicaid expansion under ACA. They will of course keep dying
I believe this is an underestimate. My premium will be 3-4k a month (before the 'risk pool'). I don't think Seniors under 65 were considered
There is an average lifespan difference between insured and uninsured.  I forget something like 30 years.?
Liar. It's no where near 23 mil. The number is more like 18 mil and probably half are people forced off old plans and now have 2 pay3x more.
Ohhh Bernie unless the socialists Demos are in power EVERYONE IS GOING TO DIE. Boo hoo
Stand #BernieStrong senate. We are your brothers, sisters, children and grandchildren. Don't let them kill us! #DraftBernie .org #Up2Us
Those people are forced to buy insurance under Obamacare. They aren't being forced off insurance, they are choosing not to buy it.
Im no doctor, or statistician, but pretty sure that exactly 0% will die when they lose coverage. 100% will die with or without it. 
I think the GOP just hopes they'll all be Democrats.  :(
Do you have any better?
The Trumpsters do not care.  They want us to die so the rich can have their tax breaks
#singlepayer
yeah they don't care, as long as the rich get HUGE tax breaks. Ladies & Gentlemen meet the GOP
Bernie doesn't understand the difference between health care and health insurance..or does but doesn't think the public will notice.
They don't seem to care or would not be trying to push this down American's throats. 
The goal itself is to have those 23 million die... In rich people view... There is no space for poor people in this life.
Did your wife estimate how many people she'd put out of work and into poverty bankrupting Burlington College? #feelthebern
They have and they don't care. If those people die then there would be less "poor people" in the US.
They don't care how many people die!
Of course they did Sir. They want us to die off so his elite class can have America to themselves.   They just don't care.
No they haven't and they don't care, they want us poor people dead!
No. They estimated how many new customers would enter the private insurance market.
Bernie stop, we're not going to let people just die.  Well hold on a democrat let some die in Benghazi.
#45 doesn't care one bit=,@SenSanders
I had a gut feeling he would hurt me:On Medicaid,catastrophically ill,disabled.I can't pay a dime & I WILL die w/o myDr. & meds.BAD MAN!
This is a lie 23 million will not be thrown off 22 million will choose not to buy it. Tell the truth liar
You know I don't know the exact numbers but I think we are all going to die covered or not. Healthcare is a good thing. But a loosing battle
Hey Bernie what statistical data show there was a decrease in death under the ACA of 2010.  BTW how did socialism work out for Venezuela?
The administration doe not care.
In this admin, they're deemed expendable. Trump gotta save money so he can afford a new hair piece.
Did you and the Obama administration estimate how many have died due to Obamacare becoming unaffordable and ins companies pulling out ????
23 million people is a number someone came up with and now it's become gospel.  I doubt it.
The insurance companies are just as much to blame. They would rather you die than cover expensive meds and tests some people need to live
All of them Bernie everyone of them r u that freaking stupid u freaking communists r clueless who makes these kind of stmts.
The studies have been done and are being suppressed. They don't want the public to know just how bad it is.
I'm sure they know,  they just don't care.
You support abortion as a form of birth control, but now you worry about loss of life. You are such a phony.
Why must you Carry Insurance to stay Alive? Insurance should be like a Jiffy Lube.
Not thrown off when offered a choice instead of forced to be on it. Jail time or pay for Obamacare? Sure, I'll do health insurance...
Can the relatives sue the goverment in the event a relative dies due to it for murder? They should!!
I don't think they care!
