Quality health care should be a right not dependent on wealth—that's why I'm cosponsoring the Medicare for All Act: http://bit.ly/2gYxWf9 
I strongly support but you could also try an American model where households after a certain income, say $80,000, would pay $250 monthly etc
I make < 80K and would be happy to pay into a public option if it rid me of co-pays and deductibles.
Good luck getting in to see a Dr!
Where I live now in the U. S. the lead time on a specialist is about 3 months, same as what my friend has in Winnipeg.
that's unacceptable! Just think if we had universal HC! I can't imagine the wait time/quality of care.
People all over the world have universal health care. It works great for them. It can work here too.
The idea that everyone must wait forever to get regular care is a fallacy. Primary care is readily available & that's what most people need.
If we have single payer will be a nightmare! Why do you think people come fr Europe to US to get care B/C theirs doesn't work!
USA has the highest spending of healthcare in the world. Yet it's not the best.
Here's what happened when a Republican senator challenged a Canadian doctor on their single-payer health care system. 
It works, I used to live in Germany for 55 years and it works perfectly
Germany has a two tier system for universal Healthcare, not single payer...
Second tier is voluntary and first tier is mandatory. Effectively it's single payer for people with normal income
Two tier is not the same, you can opt out of the public plan
Yes, but only above a certain income. So for 95% of Germans it's single payer system
89%, but it's more like all payer than single payer. Don't confuse types of universal hc. It makes people think single payer is the only one
Keep your eye on Cory Brooker @SenSanders not a trust worth person friend of big Pharma
Senator Sanders is a sell out too sweetheart. He sold out to Hillary
Don't think he hasn't already sold his political soul already
It sucks that a career politician is a man of his word
I haven't met a politician yet who was a man of his word.
Except one that said he would run as a del and support the winner. Sorry I'll take Bernies left instead of the fake one dems try to sell us
Go live in Venezuela for a year, when you get back let me know if you still think Uncle Bernies way is the way to go
Oh I understand democratic socialism, California is living it. California is also dying a slow death
California pulls in more money than they spend, you're trading around right wing talking points here
Special interests blocked it along with California. It's why Bernie isn't a registered Dem. Too much corruption. Better to work from outside
Special interests hurt everyone like this too. CA lawyers legalized malpractice; cheat&betray clients with impunity.
It is praise for sell outs, like Mr. Booker, that gives us serious doubts about your sincerety
Can't approach this like "damned if they do, damned if they don't." Take the wins as they come, but remember their past actions.
Can anybody explain to me how free market healthcare works, I know it doesn't just curious
Stop taking money from big Pharma Corey?
What a Name Dropping Fraud!  It doesn't matter who "Comes Out for Bill"!  It's going to get buried like all your other bullshit!
Too bad Cory Booker didn't support your Rx bill ... he was too busy taking their money! #neverbooker2020
Why don't all you cucks take your libtard policies to some other country.
Now you want to pump up Medicare after you robbed 3/4 $trillion from it for Medicaid with ACA. You should be sent to Socialist Hell.
It isn't dependent on wealth and u know it. Boy does he want to be heard as king booker.
Yes....Michelle is Black ( can tell by her maiden name...same as mine and Obama is AA...can tell by how over 8 years no sign of being Black.
Booker campaign co-ordinated by Michelle and Sanders by Obama. Perfect !
Need Booker to get "The Black Vote" and Sanders gets "The African-American Vote "...there is a difference. Me..Im 100% for "The Black Vote".
How about 2020 ticket with either Booker or Sanders at the top? But combo package....Im cool with that 
we want the health care congress gets. #Equality
Medicare is almoust bankrrupt. 50 trillion on debt. Free for all is not the answer. Who wants to work when everything is free. Be realistic.
This bill will add 32 trillion to our national debt over the next 10 years!  Why on earth would you support this disastrous idea??
#MalcolmX would also have bad things to say about Mr. Booker. Very bad.
#MalcolmX I dare anyone: youtube Malcolm X on #WhiteLiberals
Quality health care should be a right not dependent on a #JOB
  #MedicareForAll  
So proud to be represented by @CoryBooker
It's too bad that we have to shame them into doing the right thing. But it proves memes like this work:
R u n Cory gonna help pay for the quality because u know there's no quality health care from Obamacare and y don't u all use Obama care?
This is huge ,and possible but needs to be studied so we dont look stupid when we present it! Do this right! Please!!
When you say "for all" you mean except congress you guys get the shity healthcare we get the one you want.
Listen Bernie I love you really
But you have to support the Democrats
We can't end up with Trump again
Tell your people to support us damnit
We need state-sponsored care for seniors! Senior living costs are choking families!!!
Has Rep. Conyers been thanked yet?
Let's see if he'll be singing the same tune in 2020...
Senator, did you thank @KamalaHarris ?
Add dental coverage to it.
Put government on same healthcare as American people n cut their ( government )wages
Right on, Bernie. Explain it slowly to all of the close-minded GOP'ers.
Our current system is based one who can pay not wealth. The wealthy do not need health care because they are rich. Dah!
Also, if you are so concerned about health care, then why did you guys vote for a special health care  package for yourselves?
Why isn't Congress & Senate on the same health care system as the rest of us? When you speak of wealthy it includes you, Bernie.
It's a great idea!  Medicare for all is replenishing and viable. A win, win for all!
lets try it for EVERYONE in DC first for a year and work out the 'kinks'.
How about a thank you to the 50.000 people who signed the petition?
I'm sure this will be great!  You know, so great that Congress will exempt themselves like they did ACHA?
Call Trump, he will get on board if you try hard enough!
What about @CoryBooker voting to keep our ridiculously high drug prices? Is he divorcing himself from Big Pharma now?
Just make sure you allow providers the incentive to be in the profession so that the best and brightest still go into medicine
Such a great idea when you realize the voters aren't going to fall in line. A little late, but thank you.
Cory Bookers is only watched by misfits. Like you Bernie.
Thank you both
#WTF THERE WE GO!!!!

CORY YOU MADE NEWARK NJ WORST WHEN YOU WERE MAYOR IF IT WAS POSSIBLE YOU DID
YES CORY AND BERNIE LET'S MAKE IT EVEN EASIER FOR PEOPLE NOT TO STRIVE FOR BETTERMENT LET HAND OUT EVERYTHING AND NO ONE WILL NEED TO WORK
I dont want your medicare
#MedicareForAll is great. Too bad Progressives don't understand that open borders will make it bottom heavy & collapse it.













I worked 15 years at Newark Airport. I have friends all over Newark. CORY BOOKER IS A JOKE & HATED BY ALL RESIDENTS BECAUSE HE DID NOTHING
Why didn't you create this bill when Obama was president?
Medicare for all. US might catch up to Norway some day. Medicare since 1917. Dept to GDP ratio .35/1. US 1.06/1.
No backpedaling to neoliberalism. (BTW, Bernie, does this go far enough to keep health care from commoditization? People are saying no.)
The federal government can't give anyone anything without first taking from somebody.. Who pays for this???
Please start highlighting the healthcare challenges faced by Americans victimized by Irma and Harvey. Lost jobs. Toxic water. Injuries
You are both insane radicals.
I'm all for this. AND As a provider, Medicare is a nightmare to deal with. So it needs to be more user friendly.
Abbot and Costello Aka Sanders and Booker maybe a Bkack hole was the causes
Yes .I support Medicare for all.
Please stop telling me that progressives aren't leading this country...every 2020 democratic hopeful is following Sanders..go Bernie!! 
You are thanking a crook bsb?
It failed in your homestate..............
So your plan IS THE SAME IDEA ONLY BIGGER
You gonna advocate for nationwide healthcare rights for women or are you gonna stump for human right denier garbage like Heath Mello?
Have Medicare pay the medical bills that they refuse to pay this would really  help the poor and whom ever is on Medicare
Wasn't it @CoryBooker who voted against the pharmacy bill a few months ago?  He took $ from them, yes? Not starting a fight just asking.
Student loan help? @CoryBooker? @SenSanders? Anyone?
Other than the safety pin, I like your profile pic.
I don't trust him Bernie!
No Freakin Way!
This guy is full blooded weasel...
Thank you Cory Booker, and Bernie Sanders.  It was a fight.  Everyone deserves healthcare .
There are no free rides for anything.  Tbese tbings must be earned.
Make the Bill stronger and the American Economy Weaker!
Anything of quality cost money. So how you going to pay for it? Will the people on welfare pay their share, or it's another freebie?
Wow. That's some straight-up communist rhetoric. Tyrants!
You see, Sanders is a class act. He does this stuff because he believes it is right - and he will work with people to get things done.
Quality? Let's recount some quality government run programs? Welfare, Social Security, Medicaid, Food stamps. Student loans # bankrupt
Who is paying for this pipe dream?
We will see how much you received from your NJ partner. Crooks
Senator Booker is a great and important voice in the resistance. We need all the help we can get. Thank you!
Booker is a crook.
@realDonaldTrump this isn't radical, this is people taking care of people. This is progressive and proactive. This is your chance to lead.
Do you really believe in one size fits all? Then congress stand in line with us
U go to work ur company pays half or percentage, "go to work" to get ur coverage like always.sen. BS
Medicare for all, how nice, sit back relax and go to the doctor free. You horses behind, get the stinking gov. Out of healthcare.
Bernie, who will pay fr that!?? Tax payers as always! How about investigating those who are abusing the system!
Cory fought against cheaper prices for pharmaceuticals from Canada. Give me a break!
@billycrossover what color are you getting?
#teal #Camaro
I wish
If u love socialism go to Venezuela. They have already created it for you. Of course it sucks when you run out of money and can't get food
Is your wife in jail yet?
Proud to be in CO
Oh boy, 2 MEGA rich corrupt hucksters, SO rich working on senators pay, that gave us 20 TRILLION debt, wanting to enslave us to govt.
Too bad @SherrodBrown isn't representing the best interests of OH by supporting it
Ugh. Ok, Bernie, I understand.
Seems like the GOP smear troops are out in force.
Well done.   You are on the way to destroying the best quality health care in the world.   Fuck you very much
The US does not have the best healthcare in the world. It’s way behind others including UK, German, New Zealand, Australia, Canada etc.
I'll come this is the number one destination for people in need of good health care I'm trying to figure out how you rate the quality
Less people dying is a good start. Safety of care (less infections), readmissions, experience, effectiveness, timeliness…
Needed health care should be available to all US citizens but not elective surgeries of any kind. Let the individual pay full cost.
Let's engage a Republican or two and get the ball rolling!  We can do this now!
No one has a right to someone else's labor. No matter how essential the field is. That's called slavery.
we are going broke - so pick one -medicare for all or climate change/Paris Accord?
The future of Democratic party. Stand up for what's right. Speak out when you see wrong. They only win when we don't.
Also - Bernie says thanks for being a socialist
I think milk should be free. FREE MILK FREE MILK FREE MILK FREE MILK FREE MILK FREE MILK FREE MILK FREE MILK FREE MILK FREE MILK #FREEMILK
Starting to look like everybody is getting on board. Way to go @SenSanders (New leader of the Dem's). #AllIn #MFA
Never happen in a free society! Investigate those who abuse the system and make sure they are citizens of US!
spoken like a true fascist socialist
@chuckschumer what are you waiting for? What's taking so long? Will you be doing the right thing as one of leaders of the party?
So should food, housing & transportation to & from work.
And... what's your plan to stop other dirty politicians like Menendez from stealing millions from the people , Bernie
No message from Democrats.lets keep trying to stick it to middle working class to fund the lazy.that was u Bernie b4 you became a hack
I know you can pass the bill on the 2nd half of Trump's term. You will control the Senate again.
In your dreams.
I have an interesting idea. Make Medicare single payer only for emergency related expenses and leave the rest for the fair market.
Medicare For All is best proposal so far to solve the severe US healthcare 3rd world situation. It would greatly help businesses as well!
There's a word for that .Pandering!
Settle down. Its okay to cheer a good deed, it doesn't mean you don't disagree on other things
Didn't he say he would put contributions from big pharm on hold until after the midterm elections? All of these Dems  know it won't pass.
Maybe not, but if they're loud enough Republicans will have to be publicly challenged and asked to explain why they are anti.
Explain to who? There's a reason they're the majority.
Their voters, who have no insurance or huge healthcare bills. You know, the ones showing up at their townhall meeting pissed about ACA?
Will it manifest itself in votes? We'll see
Maybe it'll manifest itself as true progress, and help for our fellow humans. What life is about, really. 
#LoveThyNeighbor
I'm with you there but that's  not how politics works!
Sometimes it does. That's how things like Social Security got passed.
he still says 'quality' and not 'universal'.. i want to read whats in that bill.. where can i read about that.. TPP was secret.. this bill2
I'll trade you Medicare for All in exchange for Congressional Term Limits 
At who's expense?
Then you two clowns can pay for it!!!!  Maybe your wife can set up another illegal scheme to pay for it. 
Lived in NJ 4 years. Expensive.  Shit load of crime.  Tons of people on welfare.  WHY would anyone listen to any politician from NJ?
Grow some balls and create jobs. No dependants.
NJ?  Really.  The arm pit of NY  a reason.  How many in your state are already on welfare?
Dems better seriously consider Cory Booker for Pres2020!
First-learn to spell-are you showing your grade school education?You do realize that Booker & Obama are 2 different people, you RACIST!!!
Ok stupid people i was looking at the bill of tights snd did see health care in there, oh just because you said it should be, no bill passed
Can you also talk about how its a net benefit to the economy? We should be able to come at this from the business and personal perspective.
I'll really be impressed with Corey Booker's support if he turns down all insurance industry monies.
Good news, he did, in June!! :) http://www.npr.org/2017/06/30/534969921/sen-cory-booker-on-health-care-and-the-democrats-future … (Ctrl+f "pause")
The most recent info I had was just before this NPR interview, so I'm reserving judgment where his very recent change of heart is concerned.
**this is how democrats will lose in 2018**
And how are we going to pay for that Mr. Booker, wi5h Bernie Sanders' illgotten wealth?
It's not an f'ing right!! It's not according to major religions nor the Constitution! If you want to grant it then amend the constitution
Semantics
Yeah, @SenSanders needs to also quit relying on those big pharma lobbyists as well!  I'll take you serious when you quit taking their $$$
He's a phony political hack!!!
Let's get a handle on #bigpharma
A right?  Are you amending the constitution?
Semantics
If either of you 2 gentlemen hiring, I would love to work for either one.
Corey doesn't do anything for free
Have a hard time trusting @CoryBooker when he's bought by Pharma and anti union group dfer. Plus on Betsy DeVos board. He's no democrat
Glad he's supporting single payer but until he renounces his support for the privatization of education I won't trust him either
Medicare is not what we should be aspiring to achieve for our citizens.   Trust me in this.
Quality health care is not the job of the government!
Healthcare isn't and won't be a right Booker and #BernieTheBum losing together keep helping GOP Guys you're doing great at it
Shilling right along with Kamala. We ain't buying it.
No such thing as a quality product from an entity that only answers to itself like the US government
Then why did I work for over 40 years to have insurance.  Now to be stuck with Medicare the absolute worst and most expensive
Both of you are delusional.
Booker thanks but no thanks.
We have confused the words "right" and "responsibility".  It used to be less expensive to be responsible before Govt involvement.
And besides the only thing he cares about is the presidential bid.  Corey Booker cares about no one but himself
I'd hate to think Cory Booker was my ally
To each, according to his need. From each, according to his wealth. Pure Marxism. We know, Bernie & Cory.
Funny how errybody jumping on the Bernie Bandwagon 
No way.  Bsb is a hipocrite.
The Americans should automatically vote against with absolutely no thinking or hesitation, any politician against Medicare for all.
Here, one of the ways we'll pay less, not more, for medicare for all
National Health care would not cost anything  https://youtu.be/k2C62CKMN6I 
Why don't you check out group co-ops like  medi share we don't need the government running the entire medical industry and system.
Bernie you suck!!
Excellent. Now you're done, as far as the nomination goes, Cory. Made it easy.
Bernie don't forget it's very important to tell Americans the ones resisting the Idea of Medicare for all, it will help the vote decision.
Will somebody please address the contributions accepted by govt and  ridiculous cost of care protected by politcans http://Opensecrets.com 
You also support crooked Senator Menendez and turn on people you stated you admired for no reason other than party line  @CoryBooker
A great irony is, it is cheaper and will reduce taxes.
So u have a "right" to the labor of others?  Interesting....
Medicare for all CITIZENS!
Keep the momentum going!
If he wouldn't sell us out for his pharmacy contributors that would help.
I hope @SenFranken and @amyklobuchar support this as well.
After voting against importing cheaper drugs from Canada. You're just riding the wave of pop opinion & know this won't pass #politician
It's all for show, so he can pretend to be progressive in 2020. But I'll take his co-sponsor if it builds media coverage and momentum.
Same with kamala
No doubt. She's as corporate as it gets
