This is one of the many consequences your supporters created, needlessly, by refusing to vote for Hillary Clinton. Time to eat the gruel.
Are you kidding? Bernie ended up campaigning tirelessly for Clinton
Missed my point entirely... I'm talking about all those rallies he did supporting her across America for months.
Uh, that has nothing to do with our conversation.
pretty sure they want it.
No, I want cheap, affordable, high quality healthcare over shitty, free for some/fuck everyone else and break the economy healthcare.
have you read the CBO report?
Nah, I'm too busy wanting to throw 20 billion Americans off health insurance
16 million. Wish you could see every one of them.
I wish you could see the other 300 million people who suffer because of it. My uncle is forced to pay insurance that doesn't even cover him.
and all this skinny repeal will do is raise his premium. Read the report.
Idk what Republicans are doing, but what I want is a complete and total repeal of Obamacare. ALL OF IT.
Sensational, baseless claims are a disgrace too. 20k per hour/day/week...? How? Why? "Could" or "will?"? Suggest less talk more action.
Why is America so afraid of one payer medical?
Don't think it's as much an issue of who is paying as who is getting paid and especially how much.
Clarification?
Sure. Just remember: you asked. 
http://www.thebergstens.com/hinsblab.docx 
Who wrote that?
If you like it, me. If you don't, I don't know.
US style healthcare has only one purpose, profit.
Trump really doesn't care. I'm convinced he'd like to see us die & get out of the way so he can use the money for his really stupid wall.
Oh my God Bernie should have at least 50 or 60 million
Bernie, you know this is false.  20,000 people will not be forced to buy Obama Care.
If they were to pass the bill & you think it will be that way then people will just have to take better care of themselves, a lot better.
Then be a good socialist and pay for people's healthcare out of your own pocket.
I don't know how anyone could take health Care away from people. That will be a very sad day if the government let's that happen.
What do u care?  If have your houses & a seat  @ lib table 2 keep half your voters poor & other half as rich as Gates & Bezo
no they couldnt, just because the state is not there to fuck it up doenst mean it doesnt exist
There were actually 900,000 American human lives aborted last year at your behest.  Get you facts straight.
LIES.
Bernie, where did you get the 20k number?  Tell us how many people will die under Obamacare?  Please be truthful and no exaggerating?
George Carlin has some good stuff to say about power and voting ("best of")
"Electing masters every few years doesn't make you free." --someone
@GirlGamer7 HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. YOU SERIOUS ?????


The R's only care about votes and talking points, not Americans
Yeah like libs really care about poor by tossing just enough money to get by then shove them in a corner until time to vote then send a bus
The senate also wants people to die by stoking tensions with Russia.  I can't believe the way you're carrying on with Russian hacking lie
I don't even know what to say to someone who says things like this..really Berniethat's just ridiculous! What a disgrace
You're just mad because you only have 6 years left on your life
So melodramatic. Saw the world renown economist Milton Friedman put u in ur place. U obviously haven't learned anythimg.
You pass death panels and drive up insurance costs and want to talk about people voluntarily dropping your crappy insurance
Victory! Now my patients can keep the insurance they can't afford and can't afford to  ever use! Such a deal! It's all B.S. Bernie.
People can't afford to go to the doctor on Obamacare how many have died no one knows because they're dead.
Absolutely it is. Thank you @SenSanders
Guess what? Over 300,000,000 Americans will die. In fact, every single one of us is doomed. BTW, #Hypocrisy when you've exempted yourself.
Communist Fraud 1st class
SENATOR EVEN ONE DEATH IS UNACCEPTABLE !WE MUST PROTECT ALL AMERICAN!
I'm one of those people. I have a fungal infection that has hospitalized me 3 times so far. I need medical to live
How many will die when Obamacare implodes? That will be on your head.
that's because Trump wants money for Mexicans wall impeach Trump get him out an vice-president
Yeah because in America, hospitals reserve the right to refuse emergency medical care to anyone....ya dirty corned beef sandwich stop lying!
My mom died because she couldn't get insurance until Medicaid elegible. Medicaid allowed her to die on a mattress.  Medicaid for all!
They don't care, we r not rich
The only disgrace is having a communist Criminal in our government
Wow!!!!
You are silly, Bernie.
I'm sorry Bernie, but I disagree. The republicans actions say otherwise.
I bet y'all retweeted this without even researching EITHER parties bill and the reason it was proposed and/or denied.
How many millions died before Obamacare? Must've been a massacre since Obamacare doesn't even have 20m payees
Dear Republicans, are you just trying to pass a bill becos you want to make a point in repealing Obama care or are just plain heartless?
Thank you Bernie Bot!
How can you claim none of them want to see people die? That is the precise outcome hacks like @SpeakerRyan and @SenMajLdr have fought for.
Americantraitor
with all due respect, I don't accept your premise entirely. They knew this fact and still voted yes.
You're panicking! You relinquished your opportunity to make a change by stepping aside for Hillary. You offer nothing but shallow promises.
THAT'S A LIE!!

Hitler's excuse for assuming control of healthcare & education was
only government control could save Germany
#BernietheFascist
Bernie lies to all
We need a bill that causes senators to die in order to move forward.
I wish I could believe that, but at this point, I truly believe the Republicans DO want to see people die. They get off on the idea.
Untrue. There are obviously many in the Senate who don't care whether people die.
Thank you Bernie for fighting for good healthcare.  We all need to work together- no matter which side of the aisle you sit on.
Bullshit
It's also a disgrace that thousands are dying RIGHT NOW because we have the ACA & not universal health care.
BS
You are insane. 20,000 people are dying NOW because no one can afford Obamacare. More Americans are paying the Mandate than are on Obamacare
So dramatic!
Last week more people were going to die. Looks like we're making progress.
#politicalgeniusthemomenthillarylost
EVERYONE N USA will die unless we find that fountain of youth in FLA,  you embezzler 
@SarahHSandiers @seanhannity @PressSec @DonaldJTrumpJr
6700 people die a day in US now regardless of healthcare.
If no #Senators wanted 2 see #Americans die they wouldn't be arming #terrorists attempting regime change in #Syria or join #47Traitors S-720
And I have 2 thank U #Bernie & @RandPaul 4 having the courage of UR convictions, not joining the 98 imposing sanctions on #Iran w/#Russia.
Condemning #Russia & Iran 4 interfering in other govts, & particularly #Iran 4 aiding #terrorists, when the US is currently guilty...
of the same offences is rank hypocrisy, & does nothing 2 engender peace anywhere in the world; rather it bangs the drums of expanded war...
which is exactly what the American military industrial complex wants. There's no reason to pass a One Trillion Dollar "Defence Budget"...
if we're not going to put it to use. We shouldn't need to call on Miss Cleo to see the future on this. 

#ResistanceIsNotTerrorism
#bullshit
You sure want to scare people to push your crazy agenda.
WE DON'T WANT GOVT IN OUR HEALTH CARE.. AND WIND UP GOVT DECIDES OUR FATE LIKE ENGLAND'S CHARLIE..
BS
Everyone dies Bernie.  Fact of  life.
Shut up Comrade Sanders!
Twitter doesn't do whatever this is
Bernie, why don't you tell all your followers that they will die anyway under Obamacare because they won't be able to afford the increases.
When you give things away for free people become dependent. Stop feeding the animals.
Bernie, your just as big of a fraud as your wife.    You rather see people pay for health insurance and can't even use it.  Your a joke
How in good conscious so many of these republicans can call themselves "pro-life" when they are working so hard to pass a "pro-death" bill!
Liar
You gotta be ran over by a train to use it!
How can you say that?.. The premiums have doubled and deductibles have almost tripled for your great Obama Care.
So you're saying that for all the years prior to the ACA, you and your cohorts allowed millions to die?
Do any of those 20,000 have a job I could take? Well worth it. Haven't had a job in years. Life is hell.
And how did you get that specific number?
Explain how there gonna die again?
What is a disgrace is that you actually post this crap.
The aca was deadly. Single payer deadly ask Charlie gards parents. Pllanned parenthood is deadly murders 300k annually. There's a trend here
20,000 americans "Could die" in car accidents even WITH this shit insurance. #MAGA
Mitch Mcconnell wants to see ppl die - he is trying to kill us with every vote as long as he gets #ditchmitch
You are a liar. How many died before and during Obamacare?
Rather than continually stating this over and over, prove it.
, people are dying now because I can't afford to go to the doctor I'm one of them
Stop lying
OMG everyone is going to die!!!!!!
Numbers...people die everyday. All you care about is expanding socialism
Fear mongering Bull Crap!
So why didn't you vote for socialized medical,  coward???
So no one in Senate wants to see people die but if majority of people in Senate pass this 20k could die, you make absolutely no sense
typical liberal. throw out bullshit like this to get attention
Whhhhoa scary.... your such a bs er
You are an alarmist.
Those same people did not die before obama care.
Well if you don't defund @PPFA then thousands of babies will gee murdered this year. Get off your high horse. #abortionismurder
Thank god for obamacare now no one will ever die again. Who knew the awesome powers of redistribution
Your a fraud
It's not that the @gop wants it to happen, it's just that they don't care. #soulless #resist
trump's puppets
Bernie did nothing worse than all Trump has done up to date as President so stop Bernie hating. Trump said Mexico was gonna pay for THE WALL
Seriously.Trumpsters need to be studied. They actually don't care if they die in order to get a political win. What positions do they hold?
Yeaa but what about abortion that causes way more deaths
Your wrong. Many in Senate want 100s of thousands dead, to decrease drain on SS leaving billions to be stolen when privatized
Why does your death number change so often bernie you are a rabblerouser your facts don't add up like the numbers on your frauded account
I need to run for Congress because I can rant mindlessly also.
As long as you are the first one to die, it will be worth it
As are you and your flapping gums!!!
'Could'? Another idiotic made up factoid
You refused to support hrc. You created this.
@SenSanders more vets than that died under you clowns and they served.
The ACA could have saved my brother's life, had it been in place in 2005. Thank you for protecting it!
We'll die faster under your plan Bernie. Remember we know about sweet Charlie Gard. Your "panel" will decide who will die.
Such a liar
People are dying under Obama care – the Democrats are totally bought – start your own party please.
You're wrong.  48 Republicans DO want to see Americans die.
Cite your source for this claim.
- Bernie's right again!

Bernie lots of people die from obesity related health issues 
Only 20,000 whining liberals would die of temper tantrum. Get real!!
stop the damn lying already.
How about all the small businesses you killed with Obamacare? What about all the ppl who die waiting in line under single payer systems?
In their eye's 20,000 less will get SS, 20,000 less voters, obviously not their voters.

Bullshit * infinity
If you get #unmasked You could Die in JAIL!! #PoliticalSpying by #Obama killed your run for Pres!
In a decade or two history classes will teach Republican atrocities.

That is providing Donny and Kimmy haven't destroyed the planet by then
Election is over so why are you acting like you care?
Bernie I rarely disagree with you. I think Republicans want to or could care less about seeing people die
I know this sounds cold. But maybe they should check the rest of the Republicans for brain tumors. It might be contagious. Hope McCain is ok
I'm sure McCain has good health insurance
It's not a disgrace. It would be genocide, a crime against humanity, something banana republics do.
Why can't Americans just agree that health is a right not a privilege
Please tell me why people didn't die in large numbers before Obama Care. U R a fear mongering joke! #MAGA @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods
I don't agree with your premise.  I believe there are 49 people in the Senate who don't care if Americans die.
I thought that the last estimate was 45,000 a year every year, or 15 9/11's per year...
No they're not...calm down
They value money over lives, that's their gig: "we're placed here to represent the wealthy, everybody else; you're on your own."
I disagree. I think there are many in the Senate who frankly do not care if ppl w/o adequate bank accounts die.  They just don't care.
Great job Sen..McCain
Oh yes because the government is saving soooo many lives with the WONDERFUL system we have. As I sit working 50 hrs a week w no insurance
Said no one ever
The GOP is a disgrace without question..
Of course, they do, they are completely detached and devoid of truth. Smooch~ᶫᵒᵛᵉ~Marie~
What can we do to help them see it can be single pay healthcare offered to all Americans covered like CDC, FBI, Teachers, military, etc.
Bernie, they don't deserve your civility. They either "want" people to die or are fine with it. This is what class war looks like.
Wrong - they want fewer Democrat voters. Legislate us out or kill us, no difference to them.
That's what Dathan said Bernie
What are you talking about? Plenty of people in the Senate are fine with that.
You know you could just cut 1/2 of the PBS budget, save 225 million, and give those 20k Americans Mayo-style care. Sorry Big Bird!
I don't agree Bernie I think there are about 48 Senators who have absolutely no problem if people die as long as it happens quietly.
Some don't seem to mind seeing people die.  Anything to appease Trump, eh?
"health care"? No.
wealthcare
murdercare
don'tcare
Could die probaly not going to happen.
Apparently republicans DO want to see people die
So when and how will they die i bet u that many people die tomorrow then again the day after that wtf is wrong with u stop the scare bs
I had a panic attack today when I realized this repeal seems like a modern version of the nazis and their plans for the "incurable"
