Aux USA bernie Sanders est traité comme @JLMelenchon  .. inacceptable  .. faites tourner RT RT @CgtTuifrance
BERNIE! SHOULD BE OUR PRESIDENT INSTEAD OF CRAZY INSANE NAZI DICTATOR TRUMP!!!
You need to pick up a dictionary.
Freedom to work for peanuts unable to afford health care & Education for your kids, & freedom to live on the street if you cant afford rent!
Accurate description of our current system @AnnikaCorbert. Also few examples of an extensive list of issues solved by democratic socialism.
1/2

.@SecDef19: North Korea today has a real nuclear weapons arsenal. That’s very dangerous. But North Korea is not a crazy nation.
2/2

.@SecDef19: They are reckless, ruthless, but they are not crazy. They are open to logic and reason.

#DPRK

https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/jul/19/bernie-sanders-show-podcast-william-j-perry-north-korea …
#NorthKorea #DPRK #IranDeal

.@SecDef19: With North Korea, we should use that as a model. 

https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/jul/19/bernie-sanders-show-podcast-william-j-perry-north-korea …
1/2 

.@McFaul: The Trump administration also must signal a willingness to adhere to the nuclear deal with #Iran.  

https://medium.com/freeman-spogli-institute-for-international-studies/cold-war-lessons-in-coercive-diplomacy-for-dealing-with-north-korea-today-5a729f719ce …
2/2 

.@McFaul: If we cannot keep out commitments with Iran, why should the NK regime believe that we would honor a new agreement with them?
You want to avoid war? Impeach Trump you might just save the world !
Get rid of DT. He could start a war to detract from Russian investigation. He is totally inept, self serving & very dangerous.
@William J. Perry, Don't know about avoiding military conflict with N. Korea, but I do know what insanity is.

Mr. president: do you have the agreement of the United Nations to engage military strikes?
Good... and what it is your plan?
Maybe read the article
Trump outtweeted any reasonable approach, did you see the letter of the psychiatrists to congress&senate stating that Trump is not fit?
Did read the article, preemptive means war with China, China stays neutral if NoKo attacks first, position of Russia unclear
Too bad sen. Bernie sanders has no say in how to avoid a conflict with N. Korea. Or shall I say luckily...
Don't trouble yourself the situation is finally being handled right
CNP☭GOP 45 Bannon
🖒2nuke
Like
MERCERwhose dad was biologist4 Atomic EnergyCom &exprmmt on
Mercer'stowards Clintons
FundingClintonCash &movie
His Breitbart authors toWrite 45's 2011…
Sensible and insightful. I wish someone in the WH would listen to it.
Hey @guardian  Does this mean @SenSanders has decided to begin attending Foreign Policy Briefings now that you consider him expert?
One planet but different counties must all learn to get along - Peace over Profits
Diplomacy.
Bern is the world's best known back-bench politician (Sorry J Corbyn!).  He has no knowledge of foreign policy.
What scares liberals is not Nuclear war or war itself, is that Trump will succeed
Watched it. Informative & reasoned. Too bad those on power couldn't care less what either of you (or us) think about the issue.
Very funny, send his wife over to help run NK.?  Seriously though, you ask a life time political hack for military advice. Just too rich!
Hahaha! Bernie probably wants to hold hands and sing Kumbaya with KJU!
really?!
Would be great if we could talk to north korea about avoiding war with north korea



https://t.co/VjbRi8x2xO?amp=1

War!
What it is good for!
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!!
#RESIST
@BernieSanders is the least qualified person to give you or anyone advice. Like asking @POTUS. Fascism/Socialism both lead to dictatorship.
China is used north Korea as a warning to trump
How to avoid nuclear war with North Korea:
1. Kill Trump.


I have a idea I have picture also. 3 administrations have led to this point! Where was the outcry & anger at Billy?
I wouldn't ask crazy uncle Bernie advice on anything
Send the big ole whiny baby over there maybe he can stop Bowl Cut!
Bernie how about reducing the cost of health care, not the phoney coveragee. Check out the swamp donations opensecrets..com
Wow! So Bernie is an expert on War?
And to think I thought he was only expert in Bullsh-- !
Remove Trump from office?
Does it involve impeaching @POTUS?  If yes, we would accomplish much more than avoiding conflict with NK!  
Without reading it I'll bet it includes giving them money and healthcare.
was the answer "I have no idea, I have no experience in these matters"?
Bernie!!!!
When @SenSanders became such a specialist in foreign affairs? An amazing and sobering fact: many take him seriously!  #StopTheInsanity #MAGA
I'm sure that was a mind numbing conversation. What a f'ed up lunatic! #VoteBernieOut
Why are you wasting our time? We have to deal with the biggest madman ever elected and you. Why are you introducing single payer knowing...
it will fail. So you can attack Democrats further? If you don't want to help win the gov back then you might as well run as GOP.
We don't want to experience the division tactics you employed against HRC AGAIN. Enough is enough. Put up or go back to your corner Bernie.
The Dems won't win running as Republican lite. They need to back a real progressive message and stop taking corporate money.

Well I guess that didn't work. Must be because Bernie's not the President. I seem to recall Hillary buying his support. She lost as well.
Wow there's an expert!
Usa always needs conflict or war to feel ignorant super power.spread fear is other satisfaction
Does it involve a time machine to not shit on Hillary Clinton to legions of democrats from 2015-2016?
No, it involves us getting out of the 7 interventions and two full scale wars we're currently in. If we avoid those we can avoid North Korea
Drop a little something in their water supply?
Won't the DPRK do absolutely everything in their power to hold onto nuclear weapons? It's the only thing guaranteeing the regime's survival.
8th grade?  You're being generous.  Maybe 5th grade..
Easy. Impeach Trump
Just like, don't ever bomb them and make reparations for genociding them 50 years ago?
thanks to you and @SenSanders and your colleagues for doing what you can
God damnit Bernie! You're not an expert on everything that goes on in this universe. Shut up and sit down for once in your life
