Please go away already. "Rights" place a burden of performance on the whole of the body politic. There is not enough money for free anything
There's plenty, it's just being used for other shit.
Every single Bernie supporter I've met has the notion there's always plenty of cash somewhere. U.S. has a $20 trillion operating debt alrdy
UK and Canada somehow can handle universal single payer healthcare, but you're telling me the "greatest country on earth" can't?
I mean, we have the highest concentration of wealth of any country, where is it all? Where did it all go?
Our wealth is mostly on paper, and debt-fueled. At the State and local levels, aside from the Federal Govt, they can barely service debts
Our wealth is mostly in offshore banks being hoarded by people who will never have to lift another finger in their entire lives.
If there is forced seizure and redistribution of wealth, then there's zero incentive to work. Remember the Soviet Union stories? I saw it
How did he "make" Trump?
... that's fucking how. He's a sham.
You have to be a parody account, no one is ACTUALLY this stupid.
Hahaha like a Bernie Bro or a trump ho, you fucking weirdos always go on the personal attack that's why nobody likes you Bernie is a scam
potato
Wake up Bernie Sanders is a total scam check his Russian ties you stupid fuck
Lol you support Shaun King, that man's a joke.
False equivalence.
Well, I'll start with North Korea. That's not socialism, that's a dictatorship.
A claim isn't the same thing as actually doing something and it's disingenuous to compare universal healthcare in the US to either of those.
Except the people who need free healthcare are generally poor people.

Like me.

I don't have the money to move to Canada or the UK.
I'll never join you, Bernie. I do not like your Socialistic agenda!
A Socialistic society will get lazy, & vote themselves free stuff until it goes bankrupt. Capitalism: based on people working for a living.
If you don't like our Capitalistic way of life, then move to Venezuela.
Whether you are poor or wealthy, young or old, every person should have access to the healthcare they deserve. #Medicare4All
NO COPAYS
No Coinsurance + No Premiums + No Out of Pocket Maximums + No Deductibles = #UniversalHealthcare 
 just LOOK at all the money we'd all save eliminating the insurance Middle man! #UniversalHealthcare
That same money can now be put back into the healthcare system to allow MORE ACCESS to QUALITY TREATMENT for every. single. American. #Win
Glad to see the freeshitmobile back up and running
Healthcare is not a right. Just as a banana is not a giraffe.
As a citizen we should have it as a right. What do we get from taxes then. Nada. Poor suffer rich piss on us. So why pay for nothing?
It's not a matter of should or shouldn't. It's a matter of metaphysical definitions. Natural rights can not be given or taken away.
By being born (unfortunately I had no choice in the matter. So as a citizen what do I get for my taxes. Yes that IS A Right as a citizen
Paying taxes does not grant you the ability to force doctors into servitude or steal money from others.
http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/Inalienable+rights … "That which is inalienable cannot be bought, sold, or transferred from one individual to another."
Paying taxes for mutually beneficial projects like roads and defence. You have the right to sustain your own life.
You do not have the right to tell me how to use my own property. You have the right to legally obtain your own healthcare.
You've been saying that for the last six years it didn't help at the last election and it didn't help our real president Hillary Clinton
Thank you.god Bless 
Do it! Then people will see how bad midcare is.
@SenSchumer why aren't you supporting this historic legislation?!
End medicare and medicaid and implement universal basic income instead.
Doesn't always work. Pass universal healthcare and institute a Fed Jobs program. Everyone will have jobs and healthcare. Then Basic income
Steal more money from the people.
Last time I read the constitution Health care was not a right, I don't want the Government in charge of my health care
Our country ranks lower than every country that has a single payer system. Both in terms of coverage & approval amongst its citizens.
I agree right now it's f up, but I think there are better ways to fix than single payer
I hear that. But Single payer works & it's the system thats successfully being used in many other countries.
@SenSanders I don't disagree healthcare is flawed in US, but what amount the millions of jobs impacted  if single payer is implemented?
Either something is inherently a right or it isn't. Insisting the work and skills of others is a right, makes you a insane person.
You sound like a worn out record. Healthcare for all is nice, we'll b lucky to keep ACA, do something that you can get passed! Do your job.
Take your socialized ideas an leave, the United  States of America people are workers not freeloaders we don't want your socialism
We have a social responsibility to take care of the people in our country! Read the constitution! The preamble says.
Your another socialist the Constitution does not have free health care in it (wake up)
You need a new idea. Remember the last election. Socialism is a failed concept and you know it. You are on the wrong side of history. So sad
You mean the last election where the bought and paid for DNC rigged the primaries in favor of an unsellable candidate?
The election that resulted in the election of a washed up reality TV actor VIA gerrymandering and voter suppression?
The same washed up reality TV actor who has the lowest approval rating in the history of US presidents?
I wouldn't join you if you were giving away free everything. You lost and then lost for Hillary too. Go away.
Lost a rigged primary against an unsellable (yet ironically bought and paid for) candidate?
Who's going to pay for it?
It would actually be cheaper. Do the research. So much better for our country and our families. Do you enjoy fighting ins. Companies?
You can't honestly believe that! I'm a combat vet I know what government health care is like and I don't wish it on anyone.
I love your ideas, but how are we going to pay for them?
We pay 2x what other countries do. The money is already there. It's just allocated to the wrong places, like insurance companies
However insurance companies are private - it would be a massive cost for govt to fund alll health care for this country
That's why we end up paying double what other countries do, right!?
We pay double because we have the best acute health care in the world
We're ranked #36. Dream on. 
Our heathcare sucks.
And we're getting ripped off by both insurance and drug companies. 

You really want that?
If you think your healthcare sucks in America you are a whiny spoiled brat
Revert to insults. Deal with the facts or be ignorant. 

Some of us are more civilized.
Sounds great Bernie... You paying for it?
Technically, yes.
Meaning?
I mean, Bernie pays taxes too, lol.
I'm not so sure he does
I can think of at least one person who won't prove he's been paying taxes... ;)
Can we also make 'sexual release' a right ? Is there any way to get prostitution in your health care bill ? Sexual health is a RIGHT.
Sexual release is a "right", it can be a "left" too. You've got hands, use 'em.
Why do you assume I have hands ? Or a working mind ?
If you don't have either of those things I'd love to know how you're using Twitter. :V
Oh Great! How much is this going to cost? Very generous fellow with our grandkids money. Big heart, little brain. @RandPaul #MAGA
No more than it costs to keep your dude out on the golf course.
Best work ethic of any President we ever had. A workaholic really.
You would think that the way you all criticize him you would want him playing more golf.
How does he have the "best work ethic"? What has he done other than hire and fire his friends endlessly?
Gonna' have to remind you, your buddy has the lowest approval rating of any US president in the history of the country.
The only people Donald Trump would be making America "great" for are the rich.
And the inner city poor who have been ignored for years by Dem leaders who criticize a lot but never do anything but give out welfare checks
Disasters bring the country together. Then later we go back to hating each other! Why? 
Meriam needs U.S $25000 for the operation. Any donation would really help. Please RETWEET. Please Donate here : https://goo.gl/VEKy3L  
HEALTH CARE IS A RIGHT. YOU ARE LYING. THE ISSUE IS PAYING INSURANCE COMPANIES WHO PAY YOU. PRE-EXISTING IN AN INSURANCE TERM.
"Healthcare for all Americans", or do we just get the bill for it like in obamacare?
DO MEAN ALL AMERICANS, or do you plan to stick us with the bill for you illegal alien votes?
A right to a doctor's time is called slavery.
A right to medical supplies you don't own is stealing.
A right to health care requires both.
Hey Bernie, my insurance premium is about to increase from $800 a month to $1200 a month. Think that's a human right. Who gets credit ?
Once the government takes over healthcare good luck getting to the dr!
The government cant even run the VA! Lol
No way !  Enough corruption in Medicare already !   Leave it alone, and stop screwing with the Seniors ! You want to lose your Job ?
What a quaint idea that repo blicans despise.
No NO NOOOO
You are a broken record. You are why we need term limits. All you want to do is spend tax money.  3 homes, and you are the 1%.
Hey, while we're just creating rights out of thin air, I'd like to suggest we finally ratify the right to party
What part of Rand Paul's speech did you not understand? It was clear as day. Healthcare is not a right Bernie. You are wrong!
Everyone has access to healthcare all people like Bernie want is control of the health ins industry so they can ruin it like the VA
No Bernie- healthcare is not a right you socialist- go move to Canada and spread your horsecrap there!
No one payer it will eventually fail
Bernie, we get it. We agree. 
Retire and go home, you angry old guy. Practice vigilance as you tell 'em... "Hey you kids, get off my lawn"!
Communist
Call it Americare for all!!!
For any REAL change in this country we need a new party. Sadly you wouldn't even acknowledge 50,000 signatures. U were hope.
I am significantly more concerned about being bankrupted by illness than I am about ISIS.
You need to explain what this is Senator. You Ave not done that!!! Explain Repeat explain Repeat explain Repeat explain Repeat explain .....
Another half baked idea from our Socialist elites - more opportunity for government to control our lives.
Yawn
Does that include the 20% out of pocket for ALL types of care which easily leads to hundreds of dollars to thousands if admitted??
I support you. I am with you. But it's time you join the Democratic Party or stop talking about what it should be.
who is paying for it?
Yes! 
Big tight hugs on your birthday Bernie 
Just stop and go away
NO
Good luck!  It should be in place, but you as a nation don't think the way the rest of the world does.  It's just good business.
How about no!!!  Healthcare is someone's job yes?  How is it your right to get services off the back of hard working ppl? O yeah socialism
So rigth....
How much damage are you doing to the Dem party?
If you continue on this path. I will simply leave the party!!!!!
Patients in this country are losing rights every day. This is against the constitution we were founded on. We must speak up for patients!

I 100% percent agree with you Bernie. Health care is a right, not a privilege.
BS
But Medicare needs to start to paying more of the medical bills instead of hurting the poor.
I do not want government controlling "health care" just stop.
Democratic societies are FREE to choose ANY idea for the better of that society. Single Payer H/Care is an idea, & NO ideology owns it.
There's no need for Single Payer we have the VA that works out well
Think you meant to say "a right in the USA."  Rest of the world is a bit ahead of you on this file.
Hey "feel the Bern", why don't you go on over and Make Venezuela Great Again?
Yet senator sanders payed a lower tax rate on hundreds of thousands in income Vs people making 75k guess you want others to fund it
Right to pursue, NOT right to HAVE you socialist!!
Do it now. We have the money NOW. Man I keep telling u we all know u and whole congress lies to us. They can write check if they cared.
SENATOR.IT LOOKS LIKE THE WAY TO GO CONVINCE THEM SIR I WILL RT!
"Life, Liberty, the Pursuit of Happiness, and free healthcare". I did not realize this was in the constitution. Now I don't need to work!
Single payer; guaranteed cheaper/better and most Americans want it, Bernie. This issue is about killing corruption not convincing anyone.
Bravo for being you, Bernie!!
This is great- a mandatory solution for a civilized country. In Scandinavia we talke this for granted And pay out taxes
Thanks.. America could have a world class universal health care system. Richest country world has ever seen!
Bernie: Still waiting for your critics to give a valid argument against things u fight for. So far just name-calling & blocks! Signed, a Fan
Your Socialist agenda is useless and ineffective Bernie. IT DOES NOT WORK! Stop trying to hurt America Bernie.
pls explain how u r going to get it passed in congress whn u dont hav the numbers
Such good news let's go back the way it was before that idiot screwed it up taxpayers could almost afford it
"Small minds discuss people, average minds discuss events, great minds discuss ideas." E. Roosevelt. Let's  bring this dream in2 the day! 
That what this is-a friggin dream!
“To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.”  Thanks so much 4 your perspective!
Hopefully I'm wrong but the math would indicate a 15% increase in the federal income tax rate to support this. Everyone ok with that.
How about reapproiating some of the defence budget thats bigger than the next 20 countries combined
You should call it health care for all not Medicare for all.  Money should not come from social security budget.
Sen Sanders would never raid SS.  He knows what he's doing ... Unlike 
Most of Congress.
Who's paying for that Bernie??
a right? Wtf r u smoking?
No, you can't make everything a right! You have no right to not get sick and no right to demand time and materials from others to treat you.
You are only saying this cause this would be 1 more step to dictatorship you want Government to control everything in our lives No Fen way
I agree 100%.
Just like  Gov took care of Vets, they will abuse you too.  If Pres Trump hadn't intervened, Vets would still B dying in line.  That's GovHC
So then we agree that healthcare is not a right and people are not entitled to it.
Universal Healthcare is free, but U will get what U pay 4.  Dr's already closing practices to Medicare.  Only treat wealthy who can ay fees.
70, on Medicare, can't replace doctor.  Doctors R already rejecting Medicare.  Future, Dr's in pvt practice, treat wealthy, don't use ins
UHC/UK, lost 2400 Hemophiliacs 2 AIDS tainted blood.  How does this happen 2 so many, 20yrs after screening?  Culling population of expens?
Universal Healthcare, just like UK.  UK has AIDS epidemic.  Dispense AIDS test kits from vending machines.  Y not C a 'free" Dr?  No control
Don't tell that to the Billionaire though, they think everything belong to them, and nothing to anybody else.
The poor Tyle, and put in hard Labour for them. And then have to sue them just to get paid. But they forget that God promised to punish
God promised to punish any Nations for mistreatment of their poor. He said it in obediah, Amos, and Deuteronomy.
Sanders, before you talk about government health care for all. Tell us how many trillions it costs for shit health care. Get real!!!
It might help of you don't call it Medicare for all.
It's called that bcuz that's what it is. Using an already in place program.
Medicare for all!!!
Instead of a privilege
You dont get to make rights. They are God given. And Healthcare isn't one. I wish someone would tell you Crazy Bernie U lost & were rejected
Does all include congress or are you special?
Senator Sanders, what is your stance on education reform?
Healthcare is not a 'right', clown. Read the US Constitution.
Why won't u act like a real politician &take Corp $/whine about how u still couldn't win v a clown & stop inspiring Sens on Univ healthcare?
I think we could get the same insurance that our politicians get
About time
Why didn't you do it when democrats had the House, Senate, and Presidency? Lol!
Hey Bernie, I supported you but want you to disappear. U will ruin next presidential election and u have a Russian fetish. Hillary is hero.
Who is going to pay for it you socialist old fraud.
That's great. Stay out of my party.


Netherlands provide healthcare as a right, and in 2018 premiums will go up and everyone gets a €400($480) monthly deductible. Don't do it!!!
It should be private insurers providing healthcare because due to the change of market demand prices will drop and coverage will expand
I'll just leave this here....
Good luck with that Bernie. The freedom Caucus will freak! Do something for average Americans? Against their "religion"!
Stop freeloading Bernie!
Socialism is stealing!!!
Where do you come up with 'it is a right' stuff?  We have a 'right' to be responsible for ourselves. Socialism DOES NOT WORK!
Yes and even congress too
Who is gonna pay for it? Just wondering since 45% of US pay no income tax.
And then when it is underfunded and it takes 18 wks to see a specialist like it does for the NHS, then what, genius?
That's half the story JP.
Also a "right" implies that the gov't guarantees that service provider will always be available and willing. How do we do that?
No!
Happy late birthday at this hour, Bernie.  Thank you for your diligence!
You are the exact reason there must be #TermLimits
You have a right to work earn and pay for it
And worry about that $8000 deductible, or $12,000 for a family. Have you paid that? I have it's not fun.
No I did not have  that burden. It would be painful indeed.
why didn't you Support Hillary Clinton and work with her all those years ago! You're a fraud
Happy birthday @SenSanders
I can't wait; if it gets a decent CBO report people will put pressure on the senate (we're all so savvy now) #getitogether #medicareforall
It's called "progress" #medicareforall #getittogether
Term limits are a right too Bernie. Introduce the bill and demand your right to term limits. We are sick of you
Why don't you make a right in to oncoming traffic pops.
Did you squeal like a pig when Hillary and the DNC stole California from you with election fraud?

This is long overdue Bernie. Medicare For All should have been implemented decades ago.
I often wonder why we don't look at places that are ranked #1 in all of the areas we value and think, "We should do what they're doing."

*Screw Bernie thread*
1. Like many Americans, we live paycheck to paycheck.
Some months are better than others.
You just repeat that line over and over agin. ad nauseam. You don't have a valid arguement. You don't prove that it would help the poor more
Come on we are the only industrialized nation w/out it. R u like the CEO of Pfizer or Humana? If so please stop giving my Sen&Rep so much $
No thank you, crazy bernie. Standing in line to see a doctor is socialism. Having your own private doctor is eal health care.
Not a right Bernie
YES to Medicare for All! The Conservative messages are that greed is good, profit before people & social responsibility is wrong
I and many of us thank you for  a change the politics in our country we need a little bit of a shake up.
You're right protect what we have is not enough because it what we have now is flawed we need to push for a  agenda absolutely I agree.
Although I get it to focus on this page is about medicare for all yes medicare for all the common sense moved make.
And this is not all necessarily about you but it's about anybody in the decides to run for office that's my concern as a citizen.
Go away. Take your communist ideas with you.
Cause the dnc might do the same thing again.
History has shown us many times over that the government sucks at everything. Healthcare needs fixing, but socialism is not the answer.
Medicare for all will still require a small monthly premium from all, it will control rising costs, take burden from employer etc...Win win.
The only way though to stop the repeat of what happened is to look back at what was done wrong.
Read Hillarys book. She will tell you what happened
Yes sure but I really wasting my time and money on that book
It's great that you're looking forward as it is the right thing and do we do got fights right ahead of us right now we have to do .
I do have to say though I think you should take the dnc lawsuit more serious and hold the dnc accountable .
While I give you credit for focusing on the right things as a big reason why a lot of us voted for you and would again.
And #StudentDebt:
 Fight fires with fires,
But falsehoods with the truth.
Angering rich liars,
We'll free from debt the youth.
Happy  birthday!!!!
Bernie, Bernie, socialists don't need rights. The government takes care of them.
Please make it like Canada's: no co-pays.
Who is gonna pay for it Bern?  Tell you what, you pay yorn, and I'll pay mine and let everybody else take care of their own.
Happy birthday Bernie!
While your at it, can you make lawn care a right too?  My grass is getting long.
You can't make something a "right". Rights can only exist without external forces.
Happy Birthday senator! Thank you for igniting the political revolution & making me involved in politics! #HappyBirthdayBernie #FeelTheBern
Happy birthday Bernie!!
No not a right. I'm not paying for others. Asits costing a penalty with Obamacare. Pay fines while premiums for myself. Are 820 mo 6250 ded
Who every typed this is not Bernie and is being payed by him. That's were your donation money is going people. Read Sandy's bio
Happy Birthday!!
Happy Birthday, Bernie! I know it's your Birthday, but I can not give you health care as a right, you know it's wrong.
Health is a service. You can't have a right to someone else's service. That's called slavery
Brace yourself. Rumor has it "compromise" bill will be introduced ON MONDAY to overshadow your bill coming on Wed. Underhanded tricks.
I'm sure the legislation excludes congress. Hypocrites. #partyb4country
So we agree that healthcare is not a right and people are not entitled to it.

$21,000,000,000,000 in debt - that os TRILLION
You can't have a right to other people's labor. That's called slavery.
We are not strong enough as a country to make health care a right.  It's a shame bit it's true.
Happy 76th Birthday, @BernieSanders!   Thank you for continuing to fight for #America and #Medicare4All! #OurRevolution #FeelTheBern
Crazy    Crazy for speaking   stupidly
Happy Birthday @SenSanders  the true revolutionary 
Is it time? Is it? 
Blah blah blah blah
