The Minneapolis City Council just approved raising the minimum wage to $15! 

That's such good news, I had to sing a song to celebrate. 
Thats wonderful news for the people of Minnesota, now let's get the rest of the US on board with this
One of the best ways to drive employment down.  Hours cut, people kicked to part time and off insurance.  Great idea.
It's all a plan to get socialized healthcare to look like a good idea. They'll regret it soon.
Yeah, they'll really regret getting people out of poverty so they can have buying power & contribute to the economy. STOP BLAMING THE POOR!
With due respect, go read the Study that The City of Seattle did. This did nothing to help American workers, cut hours, layoffs, automation!
Ex: KellyAnn. See 4 yourself. Seattle is booming! The economy is booming, new businesses, real estate, tourism, u name! I have family there!
Economy may be booming, I don't doubt that. The study was about minimum wage earners & how $15 an hour has done nothing to help them so far.
Well you're not going to see anything in a study this soon!
Take a look at what is happening to those cities that do it.
Don't bother Bernie with the repercussions of his silly plans
Socialists don't let themselves get bogged down with things like facts, history, or common sense
Einstein was a socialist. Heck Jesus himself was a socialist... How dare he say to the rich guy, give everything to the poor and follow him.
That wasn't socialism, that was a faith test. 
And socialist say give everything to me and I'll give to the poor *wink wink

I have some time. Explain it to me. And also some examples of where it's worked
Look at America and industrial revolution era England. See how rich the rich were and dirt poor the poor, yet still working 90 hour weeks.
Guy wonders why he lost to Hillary Clinton who lost to Donald Trump
You disagree with raising the minimum wage?
Don't listen to all those people we could raise the minimum wage to $50 an hour and everybody would be fine
Right, everyone would be fine, just unemployed. I like your "print more money to fix the deficit" logic
We should raise the minimum wage to $100 am hour and make the corporations pay 
#America
Sorry I am being sarcastic. I got an A in Economics 101
Where did you buy that A? 

https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/posteverything/wp/2017/06/27/seattles-higher-minimum-wage-is-actually-working-just-fine/&ved=0ahUKEwiam-GU_OfUAhUGcz4KHZPeAWIQFgg4MAg&usg=AFQjCNGyrlQaLzX4EQ4nrlXO0R0cpwSBoQ …
Remember in Seattle where less people are able to get a job because of the $15 wages.  Terrible idea.  #SocialismKills
Yeah, I'm gonna take economic advice from a guy who can't even look at this camera in his profile pic correctly. Provide facts.
in personnel.  5.  Higher wages go directly to the bottom line.  So using just a small amount of logic, what do you think gets cut first?
I don't think the Left views the whole picture & what it will cause down the line. They just see Free or what they think will be more money
I think the Left want's all of the money, to dole out or keep as they see fit
Lets see if they keep their jobs Bernie.
I support you Bernie but this doesn't work, companies won't just absorb these costs. Either employees will be gone or customers will pay
Ok, let's see if it doesn't work... Oh what do we got here: 

https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/posteverything/wp/2017/06/27/seattles-higher-minimum-wage-is-actually-working-just-fine/&ved=0ahUKEwiam-GU_OfUAhUGcz4KHZPeAWIQFgg4MAg&usg=AFQjCNGyrlQaLzX4EQ4nrlXO0R0cpwSBoQ …
Hope they have vacancies. I can see the same influx of new residents Arozona had in the 90's.
Oh yea Ellison is aHUGE Ahole!Perfect face 4theDems, radicals~come on in,Israel~who needs them?He's among the worst of the lot&theyhim~cra
Even $15 an hour is not enough. Especially in many cities. However it's a start.
you would have won :(
That's awesome. Too bad cost of goods are going to rise and people are going to cut hours and staff less lol
Lmao meanwhile in Seattle ppl losing money and employment for this BS
Hello, prosperity! Goodbye, entire restaurant industry!
I've already quit fast food in California... maybe America will get healthier...
You can't say you hate big corporations and think $15/hr is a good idea. Those ideas are not mutually exclusive at all.
Keep watching.
I heard Washington State employers cut back on employee hours when they were bumped up to $15 on minimum wage... 
Based on average rent prices currently inmy area - I would need to work 72 hours to afford a decent studio apartment.  I can't support this
$15 an hour will only raise those prices.  What we need is to make things cost less, not raise the wage so we can afford more
Wretched idea, sure to bring ruination to wherever it is adopted.
great news
3M will now be Mexico Mining And Manufacturing. Wait for it.
Now they earn more and make less 
Your robotic replacements are ready and willing to take your jobs.
Remember when teens could get minumum wage summer jobs? Not anymore for $15 an hour. Way to go. Socialism destroys everything.
And another thing. If you pay $15hr for beginning employees. Those already making $15 want a raise too.
And all this time private industry claims workers can negotiate for better pay. Obviously a falsehood of a godless economic system
First step into #bankruptcy 
#NotTooBigToFail 
#AmericaFirst
How's that working out in Washington and California?
No minimum wage increase or paid sick days in Glenview ILLINOIS even though VOTERS Wanted it. Only Skokie Ill. raised it's minimum to $10.
These people will soon have no livable wage because they will be unemployed sad
Bernie & Ellison have been living in a bubble. Seattle is quickly learning that paying $15.00 is a really, really DUMB idea.
Have you not seen what happened in Seattle Washington where they raise the minwage to $15 an hour hours are cut and they're losing money
Wonder if they paid attn to Seattle's success w/ the min. wage hike (insert sarcasm here)
Stop pestering feel-good legislation with logic and reason.  What's wrong with you?  #Heartless
I know, how dare I think skills, education, experience & hard work be determining factors in determining a persons wage.
Bravo for displacing 2 fastfood workers and raising doubling the price of a burger. Living wage indeed.
look how well $15 doing nSeattle,own building there,1 my tenants restaurant laid off 1 +ppl want less hours so don't lose housing subsidies
Good job!  Now those making $20.00/hr should receive an equitable raise to $40.00, $50,000/yr to $100,000/yr,etc.
I am a Democrat, not a Bernie cultist. Make public college more affordable & get add'l education before asking for raises u haven't earned.
And u cd lay off the video games. It took me yrs of education & hard work to become an attorney. Until u earn it, u won't be handed anything
Your views are not currently aligned with the Democratic Party. You sounded more like a libertarian
U are incorrect-I am a Democrat, all right. And as a Bernie supporter, you are not in a position to lecture me about the views of the party.
I am not a Bernie supporter, I understand math
As do I. Why on earth would that make me a libertarian? For daring to suggest that people often work hard for what they achieve?
Look if you are successful you didn't get there on your own – Obama 2012.  This is the current Democratic Party
Well then expect more of this......
How come yoy never ever face your critics when they answer you with statistics? Like riceing unemployment and lower monthly pays?
How about that $10 million "loan" you're wife forged? POS  you're a creep
It wasn't radical, it was dumb. People ignoring economic realities and choosing to do something harmful/dumb doesn't make it any less dumb.
Then it will be blamed on Trumps "terrible economy".  Logic be damned, they have to spout their narrative.
They stop teaching that garbage and schools long ago. That way the people will talk to the politicians about balancing budgets
How does a politician balance a budget.  Simple, they raise taxes.
Seattle workers disagree. Loss of 3.5 million work hours and wage hasn't even hit $11.50/hr yet.
Say goodbye to lots of jobs Minneapolis.
That's what they said when MN raised the wage in 2014. Now $2.25 over WI, only 30 miles from MPLS. Our economy is out performing theirs.
So you are saying because we raised our min wage our economy is outperforming
Matt, anytime the govt steps in where it should not, the free mkt suffers , MN doing well in spite of current leadership
You do know socialism is a failed ideology, not sure what you mean by biggest free mkt experiments, in Mn not a free mkt
We'll keep an eye on the long run unemployment of the area. Sound money would have solved this already. 1964 minimum wage = $15 in silver.
vs inflation adjusted $9.75. Currency debasement hurts the poor. #endthefed
http://livingwage.mit.edu/ 
Hey, thanks! That calculator is great! : )
I love it.
This is important stuff!
Important stuff for the automation industry
sure there will be a huge automation convention in MN in soon,Enjoy15$/hr for next month till the machine that's replacing u gets delivered
Many articles out there about the new unemployable class.
Important read!
And now they are being replaced with automation.
@johncusack @keithellison 
Unfortunately Keith Bernie 
#ThisIsMeaningless  canupaytheirbills
#HasToBe By2019 
#GetAFreakingClue
Get a clue, in Seattle minimum wage earners income has dropped $125 a month since the increases took effect. You're clueless on economics!
Great job you spurred a robot revolution with your living wage idea what is next assured salary for all?
We'll be asking the "beneficiaries" of this stupid policy if they remember having jobs a few months from now.
Yes and now their ours will be shortened. Time will tell.
All I hear is how Seattle lost lower end jobs due to the push for a $15 min wage.
How did that $15.00 an hour work out for Seattle?
Yay! Happy for them.
How much will robots make?
Just do bank fraud, best hourly pay rate in the business
Remember when ppl had jobs, then got let go, due to $15 min wage? U can't see the forest for the trees.
N as retail continues to go through a genocide how many businesses will close because they can't afford $15 an hour..#MikasBleedingFace
@elizabethforma @MassGovernor see that good stuff in that state..what is MA's????
HEARTLESS Jane Sanders Tried EVICTING Disabled Residents http://truthfeed.com/heartless-jane-sanders-tried-evicting-disabled-residents/86932/ … via @truthfeednews

Didn't work out very well in Seattle. Minimum wage is still minimum wage.
Study on Seattle. http://irle.berkeley.edu/seattles-minimum-wage-experience-2015-16/ …
And it's failing in California and Seattle.  Good job bern
I guess you haven't heard that they are making less now because of technology and getting less hours. telling truth not your narrative!!
Right .. hasn't worked in Seattle .. lost jobs and cut in Hours, resulting in $125 monthly paycut. Get real Bernie, your NOT too Smart.
And now watch how economic reality will set in: fewer jobs, lower income. Just like happens every time.
Remember when bank fraud was illegal?  Do you, #BankFraudBernie ?
I believe thats called an unemployable wage by many of the people who currently make min wage.
and what about all those businesses going bankrupt then????  anyone??? anyone?? Bueller....Bueller???
And look at the State the hike hurts. Less Jobs available there now! Stop lying to the People!
Want my work & programs I administer to improve & promote self-insufficiency Dem party lost its way For these reason cross to jobs candidate
I sure hope that this doesn't backfire on Minneapolis like it has started 2 in Seattle. My friend shut his pub & eatery due 2the wage hike 
Congratulations!!
Thank you, Bernie, for your dedicated, intense work for a better life for all.  Your compassion is inspiring and you are always honorable.
Trump supporters are consistently juvenile in the level of dialogue they can muster.  Thanks for your thoughtful reply.  You made my point.
Thanks again for contributing to the constructive nature of the conversation.
Keep pushing the economy towards automation, good job criminal , how much did you pay your staff during primaries? Hypocrite!Fraud!
Unintended consequences of government intervention will likely be under-reported
If only you understood basic economics
Yay; more people getting fewer hours to keep costs low, increased automation and costs to consumers.
Ask Seattle.
Let's go for the entire U.S. Comon guys let's do this
Like he cares. He got his & now just has to avoid jail time...

Maybe his wife does the time & he gets a younger model?
I dunno, I think he & Fauxcohantas are still going to make a big play.

Hopefully enough people will have realized what they are by then.
Economics 101.....either prices will be raised on products and services or there will be lay offs. Where's the win?
Still radical in STL, Missouri, apparently. In fact, even $10/hour is now too radical. Gov. Greitens wants to roll it back to $7.70/hour.
Mr Sanders: have you taken in to account the results of the study commissioned by the City of Seattle?
It gets less radical over time due to inflation. That's why over several years it has become acceptable-if phased in over several more years
It worked so well in Seattle.
Smh
Minimum wage hurts poor people you charlatan.  When does your rhetoric go from emotional to logical?

good news everyone...more people that don't get a job...
I think that's a great idea. How about Congress lowering taxes.Congress needs to put some skin in the game & let these folks enjoy.Thoughts?
About time.
Let's watch how many companies leave that idiotic city and how fast
Oh well, they've just caused themselves a shitload of problems.
How is the $15 minimum wage going in Seattle, Bernie? The law of supply and demand applies to labor, too. Basic economics, Bernie.
$15 minimum wage = fewer hours and fewer jobs. Hurting the very people you claim to want to help.
Umm, burnie, this has backfired almost everywhere it's inacted. I know politicians can pat themselves on the back but it's bad for workers
And why is this good news?


How bout the people in Washington State. How is that $15 an hour working out for them
How's that fraud investigation going? @SenSanders
Yes, but what about keeping pension/health for 1800 Charter/Spectrum workers in need of your help!  Please speak up for us. #spectrumstrike
And watch the unemployment rate go up and some businesses close. Can't be forced. Have fun with it tho!
Does this people know how economy works??
Yeah when it profitable for them. Hey Bernie, you paying your interns?? Hypocrite...
People freak out about Hillary and Trump this dude is more dangerous than both of those lunatics
Same thing will happen to them that happens to Seattle
Must be easy when you are supported by people who don't look past the end of their noses....

Remember when committing bank fraud was radical? Congratulations Bernie and Jane!!
How many house does Bernie have? Real common man for the people.
I have no respect for a guy that gets the election rigged against him and just bows down to Hillary and doesn't fight back. He's a cuck
You spelled crook wrong
Hmmm...Seattle is doing fine.
Yeah all those people getting reduced hours or laid off in Seattle way to go Bank Fraud Bernie
Idiot
https://twitter.com/AnnieLowrey/status/879298031815991296 …
You don't know how any of this actually works, do you? These laws decrease, not increase, total wages - look at Seattle's experience.
$15 /hour is great except that employers & small businesses will cut their hours because they can't afford to pay $15/hour.
You people that want minimum wage to go up would probably be laid off if it did because companies could not afford to keep everyone.
Your socialist policies are failing everywhere so quit trying to force them on our country please take your thief of a wife and go to Cuba
Why stop at $15? Shit make it $100! We'll all be rich!
Congratulations on outlawing employment for anyone not productive enough to earn $15/hr. This is called mandating unemployment. Brilliant.
It worked so well in Seattle
Remember before Seattle minimum wage increase dropped their wages by avg. of $200 a month because of cut hours and layoffs.
Pepperidge Farms remembers
Obviously they didn't bother to look at the results Seattle has had. Silly old commie #freemarkets
Remember when U were the fall guy for #Hilary and you betrayed all your followers? Just another  Big bank controlled puppet
Read the research. Not the liberal political spin. The data says you are wrong. Govt mandated wages just costs jobs and creates short hrs.
How 'bout we stop exporting our living wage jobs instead of demanding living wages from non-living wage jobs?

#SayNoToCommies #MAGA
You should read the UW study that found people are making less after the min wage raise in Seattle. You really don't understand economics.
And there goes the cost of living to cover said raise so it does jack shit...
A flipping burger job is meant to be a part time job for a kid. It's not meant to be a job where someone has to raise a family.
What do you pay your interns?
Yep!!
Let's fight for the same thing in North Carolina
And when workers hours are cut or eliminated outright, prices soar and small businesses close you liberals can all celebrate together.
TOO HIGH-TOO FAST=YOU SAID THAT BERNIE.????
My home state makes me proud! #Minny Yah, you betcha!
And Seattle is crashing
we will watch their city fail just like Seattle did. Stupid is as stupid does. BTW where are those 20+ Somalian refugees the #fbi looking 4
Living wage lol what a joke, like you. Cut hours & loss of jobs have been really helpful.
Loser
Great news I love order kiosks taking jobs. I hate the middle class too. I would rather pay higher rent than make someone work 2 jobs! 
If most fast food outlets there react by replacing as many workers as possible with robots, then what?
Remember when bank fraud was illegal?
Mrs sanders got high marks in it at BURLINTON COLLEGE. Subject of FBI investigation now also Bernie used undue influence to get her a loan
Its not a radical idea, its a stupid idea.
Who can live on $15 per hour?  Why not make it $25 or $50?

Because you KNOW it won't work
High minimum wage HURTS the people it should help
Maybe you can get it bumped to $30 and completely eliminate unskilled jobs!  Well done
#MindlessTwat
@keithellison It's working out great in Seattle!!!! #MarxistLogic
What faux-Progressive nonsense is this? This is embarrassing--or should be--for everyone involved.
Remember when McDonalds started rolling out technology to remove cashiers? Yeah, that is happening with lots of businesses.
Oh your back Bernie.  Let's talk about your wife booting disabled people from their homes in because of profit
Tear it all down you fking #marxistmuppet
#BankFraudBernie

Good luck being a small business owner paying this absurd wage plus payroll taxes. I'd lay off my entire staff and close up shop.
Now people will ask for less work hours so they don't get their welfare benefits cut. And small businesses will cut employees. Good job 
While approved here in Cook County, IL, many of the suburbs are opting out and it's quite disappointing.
That is why Obama, Clinton and DNS denied you chairmanship
Remember the last govt that wanted to control every aspect of the economy? 241 yrs later, maybe we need the 3%.
If you want to make near $15 per hour please apply for a healthcare job. We need workers at entry level positions.
Me and my wife well exprncd/hard working best we can get in Portland OR is 15 an hr full time. We get $300mnth after expenses fam of 3...
Finally
What if hours are reduced to pay for the hike?
The inhumanity of making poor people more poor. Brutal
Not it's still radical and when businesses leave well California
Great news for the robotics and automation industry that's gonna put all these people out of work!
High unemployment will come with $15.00 dollars a hr.
Awesome!!!!
This douchbag like you is being investigated by FBI for fraud. Smh no wonder you get so many houses. You steal our money
Bank Fraud
Why not $20, you cheapskate charlatan????
haha. how long will that last?? you really believe the muslims are going to pay that ?? they have their own law
