I wish #BernieFP stood for Bernie For President.
Are you trying to say that Trump is better than Bernie because Trump WAS supported by Putin's bots & trolls?
I don't know man, I followed them both pretty closely and it was very easy to spot the differences. Do you have sources?
Again, sources? Why would the far right authoritarian Putin regime have any interest in Bernie's progressive socialist agenda?

@Cirincione debate : definition? What terms do you want to redefine now : Truce? Peace?Surrender?
Bernie, we need you in 2020!

Please run again.
Unless they physically attack your country stay the f##k out of other countries shit! Simple.
We also needed you to be President. There is a lot of things the world needs but is not getting...at least not with White House leaders
We'll get there with vision and work toward that vision
as long it is not obama's apology , rollover like a bitch foreign policy we should be good
And you ignore the 1 in 3 kids that live in poverty right here in America
And who are you again
An actual smart politician
That legalized killing unborn children. Nice one Bernie
Where have you been? For sure not in congress or is all this just new to you?
Good foreign policy requires accurate information.  Sadly Bernie Sanders seems misinformed about Russia. Other than that, I love Sanders.
starting with the genocidal regime in Tel Aviv. #freepalestine
Why are you still around?
Obviously, you haven't a clue. Hint: It starts with positive relations with both Russia and China, the precondition for peace anywhere.
You're on a roll today with the resonating tweets.
I supported you, even gave some cash for the first time ever. Times change, I now see you as a divider you really need to retire. #GOAWAY
Sanders wasn't the DIVIDER; majority if Dems WANTED more-progressive Party & Platform used 75% HIS ideas. HRC was the problem.
#NOTADEMOCRAT
US has contributed too much money while cowing to dictators and communist. Start attacking them instead of DEMOCRATICALLY elected Prez!
David I completely agree with you
Bernie you're probably right
No....you need to sit down and let the GOP fall on its face. Instead you are giving them the knife to destroy the ACA.
And we need a President who is capable of grasping these concepts. #Impeach45 #Bernie2020
A speech on foreign policy does NOT give one experience in that area. Only a delusional fool would think otherwise
C'mon Bernie. Foreign Policy is simple. It's about where can the US & allies make a buck or three. Never about anything else.
When a President gives nicknames to heads of state ally or not is a reason Trump has to go. I wonder what he calls Eric or Don Jr.
#bankfraudbernie now wants to debate foreign policy!
Like you know?
It's business. Sela
And what it is not.
Your party doesn't want to debate anyone. You can start there.
How did Bill Clinton and Obama get anything done besides pandering to crazy dictators, and giving them more of our tax dollars?
Stop talking about Russian interference Mumbo Jumbo and we'll talk.
Don't count on trump the idiot.
For weak politicians like you it's rolling over and kicking the can down the road.
OlGramps - HRC was the 'divider'; Majority of Dems WANTED a more-progressive Party but Ds Too-Late used 75% of HIS planks in Platform
George Washington already layed out what our foreign policy should be. Stick to it.
Foreign policy is the root of our problems.
It would help if we had someone in charge that understood diplomacy and had some experience too.
Well without healthcare I frankly don't give a fuck about anything else.
Watch what Trump does. He will school you.
You need a broader understanding of economics.
Today's most important topic: saving the ACA

You can run for president next week, Bernie.

As veterans of the so called war on terror we agree  .@BernieSanders is the Comander in Chief we need. #Vets4Bernie http://www.thedailybeast.com/bernie-sanders-the-war-on-terror-has-been-a-disaster-for-the-american-people …
@realdonaldtrump

#Trump foreign policy

Hiring via #H2B visa
I can't imagine what socialist nonsense your ' understanding' could be
Did you know @StateDept eliminated the Special Advisor on Intl. Disability Rights & there's no disability leadership at @USICD. #CRPD #SDGs
We need we need all we hear is we need. How the investigation of your wife for fraud coming along?
Translation: We need to continue weakening American defenses with #Obamaism & apologize for being American & pay extortion to terrorists.
It’s simple...stop bullying
They don't teach that sort of thing in school, we learn and set our opinions of #FP from CNN FOX and half correct text book history
In 8 yrs, Obama Admin (Dem Party) FP was a complete disaster destabilizing the world:Egypt/Libya/Syria/NK/Iran/Russia/China/Iraq/Afgan
CLIMATE CHANGE
HEALTHCARE
REFORMING POLICE
DACA
If you don't know what foreign policy is then perhaps you should just sit down. Don't even mention paying a Country to be good
We need a new President since the current one can't read or understand anything. #25thAmendmentNow
Yes!!!! And we need a president who can pronounce Na mib i a ...just sayin'
Yes!!!! Dis foreign policy is DISASTER. Only good in creating MORE enemies & MILLIONS of victims!
If only we had a more qualified person in the White House... Even if she did give paid speeches.
Okay That's Not Happening Under The TRUMP Administration. ..He's Trying To Find The Country Of Africa on A Globe.....LOL LOL
How about you take a course on economics before you get all big on foreign policy
Please!  Most Americans think foreign policy is imperialism.  Is it?
It is Israeli &corporate wars! No benefit 2 average Americans. No different from CIA regime changes of 50s.just entering different door!
Indeed.  Same game, new name.
Great generalization there.
Is Benie a white supremacist?
No more unjust foreign interventions!!!
New Puppet president,l
Trump’s threats at #UNGA echo those of his Puppet predecessors
@realDonaldTrump
