I intend to co-sponsor the Medicare for All bill because it’s just the right thing to do.
Wow....
when someone does wrong you call them out. When someone does right you  congratulate them
Just shocking is all. I agree.
I'm just waiting to see how the McResistance responds... because they were sure Bernie is the problem earlier today.
Hey man. We've been pushing for this a long time. This is huge . Doesn't mean we shouldn't be wary but this is huge!
And don't forget the Resistance was gonna go hard against this w/ @PPact. Now that Kamala has signed on what to do ???
Yeah, I am super interested in how this will play out.
This is big. But I want to get some Kamala fans take.
If you want #healthcare to be a 'right' then change the Constitution so it says that. Simple huh?
Read the preamble. "Promote the general welfare"
The powers not delegated to the US by the USC, nor prohibited by it to the States, r reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.
Would be good if everyone had food, clothes & shelter too.  Does that mean the Fed Govt can do all b/c of Gen Welfare ckause despite 10th
If the states aren't handling it, Fed can. States sure aren't providing basic needs to everyone.
That is up to the states.  A state govt is not required to take care of its citizenry.
Then what use is the government? Without citizenry, there's nobody to govern.
I just don't want DC telling CA or GA what to do.
You cannot make rights up, rights do not come from man. This is the path Europe always goes down, because they don't follow natural law.
Legal rights come from laws, created by government.  Like your legal right to own private property.
Is your income, converting your labor to income, private property? So, your labor is only yours, if the state allows?
1/ When it comes to money & capitalism, where labor is paid a wage, gotta ask:  Where does money come from?  From both gov spending &
The "money" may be created by the govt, the wealth is not. By that reasoning, I should be free to pay debts in other than gov't currency,1/2
Real wealth diff from money, but money buys real stuff, including roads, which get built when gov hires labor to build
Where does gov't get revenue, i.e. money, to pay for anything and everything gov't does?
4/. Like the difference between Bowling Alley that issues the points the bowlers use:  Currency Issuer vs Currency Users
ROFL!  It isn't Medicare For All, so of course Kamala supports it! Big Pharma thanks you. So disappointed, surprised and shocked by you.
Yes!  Healthcare for all through our taxes.  Education, healthcare, infrastructure. American priorities.  Tax dollars for The People.
Thank you @SenSanders but I'll stay #NeverKamala  she was AGAINST #MedicareForAll During service in California.
You're principled, she ain't
Go away Bernie.
How can health care be a right so long as we live in a world with a monetary system?, good housing is a greater need, AHC this in not doable
I wonder if that means that Bernie will give up HIS extra special Congressman's health insurance that is paid for by the taxpayers
Thank you!  He doesn't mind being privileged..  But we should feel grateful to have the "right" to be insured.
You make no sense. Why would he drop his coverage, he could sit back and say FU all, I'm covered, instead he is telling us there is better.
No sense? There is better way? He is so detached from the life Americans live. The ONLY thing he fights for is CONTROl that's HIS better way
I agree with U on that ALL elected offices R far removed from our pain but this 1 seems consistent abt UnivHealth which we need 4 our kids.
When Bernie chose his party(standing w/Hillary) over the people who supported him revealed his TRUE commitment. #Trader
Take it a step further: no copays. 
Healthcare and education should be a right!  Once this happens the economy will flourish.
Sanders-Harris 2020
Harris-Sanders 2020
I’ll take it!
So true, Robby, so true … I feel like anyone under 40 would kill to vote for that ticket!
Without a US national banking system that replaces Wall St looting and reindustrializes it won't work though.
I'm all for that, but don't think it's an a priori req. for single payer to work.
If wanting social care for everyone makes me socialist or comunist so I am. Why people have to label doing the right thing,  is it fear?
Ignorance (based on fear)
Who funds this "right"? In a year? 5 years? 10 years? How do you decide who gets this "right" when the funding gets low and gets scarce, /1
like a scarce commodity often does? What is going to be the quality of this "right"? What's the turnaround (or time you have to wait to /2
be seen) for this "right"? How do you, not only compensate but incentivize people who have gone to school for 8+ years and have up to /3
$500k debt.. how do you get them to provide this "right" for free***? TANSTAAFL. But I know you've never seen that acronym, Bernie. /4 end
.@SenSanders .@KamalaHarris This is simply a scheme for gov't to gain as much control over the lives of people as possible.
Bernie Sanders and his dirty suit!
We thank you. With you at the helm, I believe we'll win this one.
Flint is, still waiting... While Fakes like Kamala continue to cash those criminal Gov checks.. I don't forget or Forgive!!
Bernie gets a Gov direct deposit, too.
Yes because he's an employee.
Yes. As is Sen. Harris. Exactly my point. Bernie has his skeletons, too. Even cursory oppo research would bring him down which HRC never did
Lol hillbots already tried it Brady bill sierra Blanca Vermont college rape essay none of that would of brought him down.
Ok. Wait and see what Trump does to him if he makes it to the general. It'll be 1972 all over again. Love Bernie's platform, but he's done.
not most popular politician at the moment polling better than anyone. Trump borrowed from him and won Hillary had high untrustworthiness.
Polls not legit. Look who isn't on that list. Bernie never had a single negative ad run against him. HRC didn't need it. She won more votes
Spoken like a true Democrat... let's make SOMEONE ELSE'S labor free.
Who's labor is gonna be free?

Promoting social programs isn't "plunder". Do you think interstates are plunder? What about schools? Fire departments?
We all know this is a symbolic vote for her. She and her donors know it won't pass but let's see what they do when Dems are the majority
Ah, here we go again. The BernieBRO brigade shitting on women of color as a matter of course, even in Bernie's tweet thread
How am I shitting on a woman of color? This is politics as usual from an as usual politician. Don't be naive.
Oh, have you been on a sabbatical from politics for the last two months of Bernie BRO attacks on Kamala Harris? She supports MFA, you scoff
It's the same shit every damn day from the Ride or Die Bernie crowd. Nothing new, but so damn tiresome.
Bernie is not a Democrat .
Bernie Sanders is the LEADER of OUTREACH for the Dems and is the top ranking minority member of the Senate Budget Committee. Did you forget?
How will the 100 million Menendez & friends stole from Medicare (taxpayers) be repaid? #untrustworthy
Socialist medicine is abhorrent and obscenely inefficient
The US market healthcare system is the least efficient in the developed world.

You're citing Newsweek really?
Here's capitalist-worshippers Forbes saying it
Hell, look at our own socialized medicine, the VA. lengthy wait list, dying while waiting, incompetence cost overruns administrative fraud
Turns out when you don't properly fund a healthcare system it doesn't do all that well
Like Obamacare huh? Keep your dr keep your ins. $2)00 less http://premiums.Lol !
queen of patients and their ugly plain outfits ! I Stan 
CBS featuring tweet? Hmm, how convenient of her and those behind the media. #NeverKamala #TulsiGabbard2020 or #NinaTurner2020 #Integrity
Who is going to pay for it? The middle class? Fuck that!
are trying to force a few of us to pay for the many of us when we cannot even pay for our OWN SELF and THAT
Now, can we work together on #GOTV efforts targeting the 40% who didn't vote last November.  This platform will fail without them.
More importantly, we need to require transparency in the cost of healthcare & ban the artificial inflation of prices for insurance purposes.
You are awesome Kamala!
She is late.
Like those criminal DNC Thieves.. She will say anything and Do Nothing but get paid!!
she is doing something by co-sponsoring it?? keep reaching.
Something is not good Enough ..she's a hack who's been exposed #TheEnd #Facts #Millennials #NewDay #NoFirewalls #Noslaves
I'm sitting in a presurgical consult for an upcoming open heart surgery. Thank you #44 For my care
#ACA
Don't thank him until you get the bill.  Best of luck on your surgery.
Thank you.
I'm one of those fortunate individuals that is being helped by this program. Regardless of the cost, my life is worth it.
Hey @SenFranken hop on board!
It happened!
Kamala please renounce all your attacks and persecution of sex workers #rightsnotrescue #notyourrescueproject
If you're not a pimp you'll be horrified by this.  http://www.feministcurrent.com/2017/11/02/notyourrescueproject-white-middle-class-academic-masqueraded-women-trafficked-pimped/ … …

Let's make haircuts a right, Bernice, so you can get a decent one!
I would like a universal Medicaid buy-in program that is tiered/scaled based on income/person/household.
Thank u @KamalaHarris 4 co-sponsoring medicare 4 all. We don't just support Bernie the man, we support his vision of what America should b.
How about giving avg Americans insurance to congress & Americans get the exact plan congress has now???
Oh Hai Bernard. Tell us about your support for #HillaryCare #WhatHappened #vettingBernie
I know YOU live in hope @SenSanders , but when it comes 2 cooperation of @KamalaHarris (honest cooperation)let me know when the ink dries.
Follow Canada's example. It's s great formula 
Canada's so great those w/ money come here for cancer treatment & surgeries Cuba has free healthcare Americans have to send bandaids & advil
1/. Free = The federal gov issuing our national currency in the course of funding broad public purpose.  Thus creating health care that ...
Nothing is free
1/. Well, first, some things are pretty free - like parents taking care of their children is unpaid labor.  Yes, I know it consumes time.
You are in America Bernie, not Europe. Sorry mate, not gonna happen
Yes, as one of the wealthiest nations in the world we should be able to provide better for citizens.
BUT...
But what? UHC works phenomenally in countries with less wealth than us. It would be even better here.
You think ? Anyway, not really for me to say, seeing as i am European
I envy you, I really do :( I wish it was more feasible to emigrate.
No. You gotta stick with it and HOPE
Hope for more people like Bernie :)
.@SenSanders .@KamalaHarris Does a gifted surgeon have the right to make as much money as their talent allows? Or can gov't limit their pay?
Sounds expansive
I'm not swallowing just yet. Gonna chew this real slow...


I have full health insurance and will die in 2 years due to kidney misdiagnosis- and I am stuck with a 3 month wait for an MRI
I think I would look around for a mri place that discounts for cash.  Should be under a grand.
I did - cash I do not have
@KamalaHarris the corporatist better not be pulling a Shitlary stunt in order to get our votes. Our lives aren't political games!
the way she's voting in the senate is the way she's going to be if she runs & becomes POTUS. is it so hard to trust a strong black woman?
Oh that must be it. Moronic. She's more than her skin color. Voting wise, she's HRC. Pass.
.@SenSanders .@KamalaHarris Nothing in the United States Constitution give the federal gov't power in this area!!
.@SenSanders .@KamalaHarris More promises about keeping my doctor and my health plan? It worked so well last time.

Don't celebrate until it passes. She may be supporting because she knows it does not have the votes to pass.
@RoseAnnDeMoro Still no response from Bernie on his reportedly multi-player, not single payer bill.
Bernie, you should support Senator Harris instead of the other way around.
Bernie you better be careful who you climb into bed with. KH is a$hill hanging in the Hamptons w/ Soros. Get a different co sponsor
No matter how you feel about her, senators must gain the votes of other senators for bills to become law. please see: Schoolhouse Rock.
And let's just bankrupt the country while we're at it...
Um:  The fed gov is a monetary sovereign.  TX is a state, so is not.  Neither are households or businesses:
What are you smoking? No government is immune to bankruptcy.
Bankruptcy = running out of money.  The fed gov can not run out of the ability to create dollars.
OMG! Please do you homework.If it were that simple every country on the planet would just print money.
Every time you use your credit card, you are creating an IOU out of thin air, which your bank accepts.  Money is just an IOU, it's ...
I don't forgive a, supporter of mass incarceration.. She's a hill worker who'll say anything to keep her pathetic party alive.. NO!
I love this @KamalaHarris joins @SenWarren @SenSanders @SenGillibrand @PramilaJayapal @TulsiGabbard @algore Jimmy Carter for #MedicareForAll
She has a very long way to go to earn my vote. Where @TulsiGabbard at. I'd definitely support her over Harris
Docs could swipe HSA card, enter diagnosis and billing code, and Voile! no claim submission. Lower office costs, more attention to patients.
What you describe is (1) claim submission (2) return to the last century fee-for-service model
We send claims, some on paper! Then wait for $ & often have to fight ins. co for it. Staff to bill, staff to fight denials & take-backs.
Hsa would be instant payment, and patient would control expenses.
If you are entering codes, including Dx, anywhere, you are submitting a claim by definition. In a single payer system, a patient isn't payer
I'm suggesting govt funded HSAs to be spent as needed. Entry of code & DX for record. Choice.
Many companies now (mis)manage medicare/caid.
Classic Medicaid is in no way more lax than Medicare C. HSA is only needed for automatic tax deduction for out-of-pocket payment.
No out-of-pocket payment, no need for HSA. Providers are paid by the single payer directly. That's what single payer is.
And who's going to pay for it? More tax burden on ppl, more National debt? Isn't $20 Trillion enough? It's unsustainable!
No it's not. There's nothing unsustainable about US national debt.
Baloney. The basic premise of unsustainability of a country is when the interest on the loans exceed the amount of Tax income. We are there
Sure, maybe for a country that has a fixed exchange rate or doesn't issue its own currency. US isn't in that position. It can always pay.
Looking at the corruption at the VA I really don't think single payer would be worth a 
Reps are in power yet they are not fixing it, why?
Most of them are part of the problem
Vets are not getting what they need through the VA or market so I support an alternative for them.
Private health care 
What kind of work do you suggest for a disabled vet that will afford them healthcare?
Have the VA reimburse the private doctor or have health savings accounts set up so the bets have a choice
Who pays for this?
Health care is a right just as our Constitution states also no one should worry about money & people shouldn't die of treatable diseases
Hope she's not gaming you, Bernie
No way someone who works for the oligarchy is suddenly going to work for the people.  Kamala is a fraud.
People are realizing they have to concede things to popular resistance. It's a good thing; keep pressing.
I think it's a mistake to view any of the ruling class - even the good ones like Bernie - as "on our side." They may have good intentions...
I actually think Bernie is on our side. Call me foolish...
He has an unusual integrity, and an outsider status that has symbolic as well as actual value - but is still enmeshed in the system.
His foreign policy views (still substantially better than most in the Senate) are evidence of that...
...and his end goal is a more just and humane society, substantially better than what we have, but still not as radical as it should be.
Actions speak louder than words.
Cosponsoring a bill is the exact action you want from Congressmen and women.
That and being the primary drafter of bills too 
Now if she will endorse you or Tulsi for 2020 I will be very happy with her as a politician.
Bernie was not the one who called BDS antisemitism or proposed rigging Palestinian elections that I recall.
Bernie is a loser! #Fool! He's also very toxic!
Great adhominem there. Completely devoid of substance. Seems very much like a groundless position you hold.
Who is going to pay for this? Every right has an associated price
How do we pay to bomb a dozen different countries?
We ask if we can afford not to
What? It's taxes. You want to spend taxes to take lives but not save them.
The DoD budget is largely self produced. They generate work... produce goods and have a mission that allows us to sleep at night.
You are trying to tell me our taxes don't fund our military? And who is "we"? Not the many countries we terrorize.
How about we just call it a social guarantee and stop trying to change the meaning of the word "right". That's a bad long term strategy.

Why would anyone want their healthcare CONTROLLED by these corrupt yahoos!!?? #DoctorPatient not #GovernmentPatient
And, I'll support Kamala Harris for President, whenever she decides to run. The sooner, the better!
And don't forget to grab a lot tissues for nov8 2019
And please give Conyers the credit he deserves for bringing this to the floor in the house every year since 2003 #Fraud
It is NOT a right! You are doing Americans a huge disservice by using the language you do. It is not promised by the Constitution. #lies
Will never trust the corporate Dems again

You trample the right to private property to push this new "right"
@SenSanders y r u putting forth a bill u know won't pass?Y don't u work w/h @realDonaldTrump? He has said in the pass he is for #SinglePayer
First and foremost lets make healthcare affordable Bernie Liberal Loser. You and your buddy Obama tried and FAILED once before not again pal
The govt shouldn't be in the insurance business
Maybe you shouldn't have voted against it in the 90's when @HillaryClinton tried to, but I forgot, this was all your idea, right @SenSanders
That shit won't pass. Stop wasting congresses time.
Between kissing up to @AIPAC & criminalizing @wikileaks , @KamalaHarris is proving to be just another crooked politician just in #BlackFace
Oh how cute!  Speaking in palliatives is all that's required to fix it!  Where's the $ going to come from. CA just quit their efforts 4 same
@SenSanders @SenKamalaHarris Thank you to both of you - from someone who lives in DC and has no Senator to represent my vote.
Do you know that Medicare is not as good as Obamacare, Part A 100% part B 80% coverage & drug price are not negotiated. I'd prefer UHC
Thank You! All Americans need health coverage.
Kamala Harris, unmasked for lying and promoting ignorance, all for political gain like #Clinton.......
Kamala Harris "supports" #MedicareForAll now, but didn't back it in CA when we had a veto-proof supermajority. As a Cali resident, I call BS 
Barack Obama didn't support LGBTQ rights publicly, until he CHANGED HIS MIND. You gonna hold a grudge on him too?
To wrap this up we're a Black family that raised successful children that don't need government taking more of their hard earned money.
Great idea! Then the majority of US workers with quality coverage thru their job will get downgraded coverage!
I hope so
Healthcare should not be a right. In a capitalist society it should be left to the consumer to decide if they want it or not.
I hope it works as well as the VA.
Kudos to @KamalaHarris. Very surprising, hopefully this is just a start for her. #DNC #USA #SINGLEPLAYER
Emtala already ensures health care is a right.  How about making health Insurance Affordable for all and FREE to none !!
Go away Bernie, we don't need you meddling in a good thing again. Please don't f Up her career too
Rights are granted by God Bernie, not by legislative acts or from Gov't.
So you don't believe in the constitution?
Bernster - move to Cuba. Don't let the door
Hit u in the ass.
Who's going 2 PAY for it #SelloutSanders #ObamaCare hurt the middle working class the MOST! Medicaid went up 68% to $68B in 2015 #ObamaCare
Thank you Senator Sanders and Harris. 
no copays please
She's doing more than you Bernie you fraud
Thank you both for putting the average citizen first. You aren't the only ones but need more vocal support from House & Senate
Thank you so much for your support. I totally agree with you.
That is her PUBLIC POSITION!
These Human rights issues must also be addressed + Social, Economic & Racial Justice. War Machine & Money Out of politics. #TrueProgressive
Bernie, nothing is free.  We universal healthcare up here, but loads of debt waiting for grandkids to pay off.
OKAY
Nobody has the right to demand the labor of another person.
your child has the right to an education. that's the labor of a teacher. whoops.
(((Touché)))
We need far better than Medicare. Killing people should never ever be an insurance goal. Medicare is 1965. It 2017.
I'm just going to post this up here for all the #ImWithHer people who don't understand why we are fighting for #MedicareForAll over the ACA
Kamala the next Democrat running for President
Geez! Plz, Bernie - don't start propping up the Clintonite! She'll NOT be accepted. & u hv yet 2 call out HRC & @DNC 4 theft of democracy!
It absolutely is!
Remember to follow the money.
We've been here before.
So Hard Working Americans can Support all Your Illegals & Refugees??! 
I Don't Think So! 
Some people look at crummy government care and want to inflict it on all.
You know a total socialist utopia does exit...in prison.

Ludicrous! Rights, which they control. (derp)
You should not have the right for education and health care just because you were born you have to work for it
Grow up!
Yes! We should also make 3 homes a right as well! And rip off the American people being a political hack like you.
I guess you are both smarter than the free market.   The arrogance is appalling.
Even Canada got Single Payer thru Provinces first, then only Federally once it became too obviously popular. We should use that model.
"Let's stop trying to do stuff and see how that works."
If you took all the money in the US and divided it between all US citizens, within 10 years all of the rich people, would be rich again.
An excellent step in the right direction. Build a coalition for success.
I like that
How are you going to pay for all of this free rights?
Do you ever ask this when we start a war?
Go away!
Not about supporting you, it's about doing right.
Let's get the government out of healthcare. No to single payer!!!
Where is that in the Constitution? 
Btw, how is your wife doing with the bank fraud charges Bernie?
In the Preamble & again in Article I Section 8.1. Ever actually READ the Constitution? I did, as child & last yr when I became #NewUSCitizen
I don't understand this "where is that in the constitution" you know they said the same thing about other things like civil rights...
If she really goes through with it I'll give her a world of credit but I have yet to be convinced.
If the government would stay out of it it would take care of itself and be affordable for all who are willing to get a job to pay for it!
I seem to recall another up an coming senator saying he supported UHC... WHAT a lie that was...
She's attempting to hitch a ride on the progressive wagon like her corporate donors and backers want her to just like Obama did...
So don't turn your back on her @SenSanders
My right to have 3 houses too, hook me up uncle Bernie 
How are you gonna pay for that?
#MedicareForAll is not Hillary Clinton's plan. She's the one who said it wouldn't work.
She was referring to passage, and method. Her Medicare for more plan is an incremental path.  Actual implementation is not simple.
@BernieSanders first submitted legislation for #MedicareForAll in 2013. Why should he thank Clinton for his own work?
Hillary proposed essentially universal healthcare in 1993 and she was vilified for it.
What she proposed was not #MedicareForAll but a program more like Obamacare which mandated purchase of private insurance. Not at all alike.
Due to Hyde, eg, consider HSAs for folks so they could choose services & take HC decisions out of hands of legislators. Funded by Medicare.
Hey Bern! Why did you run in 2016?  Ever think about how many votes you took from Hillary? What's your russian ties? You own this mess!
Harriss' own state of CA tried this....its projected cost would be 2x their annual GDP.  You people are insane.
Fucking finally Bernie, you've been talking about this forever.
Yeah well he wanted to wait to do it until he was president but realizing now he will never make it there he is leaving his legacy now.
He's been in the senate for 16 years at any point he could have sponsored this bill
But he wanted to wait until he was president. Seeing now that it isn't going to happen, he is settling for doing it without the victory.
#ProtectOurCare Anna Maria and I agree @HMPRG
Thought Obamacare took care of that or did Obama lie
Nice to see you support Senator Harris' Medicare for All statement. Now I respectfully request you call off your Bernie bro goons! Thx!
can you make three houses a right and not a privilege too?
You two should run together in 2020. Help #maga with an additional four years of @realDonaldTrump
Easy for you to say you weren't paying over $3000 a year for this garbage.
Bernie, please don't let your minions stop her from defeating Trump. You ran and lost. Let's all be with Her in 2020.
Healthy skepticism called for with Sen. K. Harris support of Bernie's Health care bill. 

Just 'cuz  you signal left does not make it true!
Kamala is our hope for 2020- go get 'em girl!!
Medicare is worse than having no insurance. Stop lying to people.
Healthy people, healthy economy. You don't need bricks, you need healthy heart beats to make America greater.
Think carefully about this. Many doctors will opt out of single-payer system. This will create 2-tiered #healthcare system in US.
If we get rid of insurance co, regulate costs, don't allow 2-tiered system & everyone has same coverage-who will docs treat if they opt-out?
Amazingly childish & insanely naive view of the world typical to socialist Bernie and Kamala.  So many better ways, none involve government
Fraud Bernie steals Hillary's good ideas and hard work.  Good luck in 2020 loser.
we wnt to pick the coverage tht's right for us not the Gov. & I'm not paying for someone else's healthcare & NO MANDATORY INSURANCE
You cant make other peoples labor a right sorry
No, healthcare should be a good or service, in order to create a competitive market. Making something a right doesn't create universality
But Bernie... Is she even an independent?
Strong endorsement!
Maybe we have to change the vocab to get thru to the more stubborn. I vote that from now instead of "healthcare" say "preventable death"...
"Let's make avoiding preventable death a right, not a privilege."
"I believe everyone should have access to avoiding a preventable death."
Now let's, talk about criminal justice reform
Let me guess, something will always prevent you from joining the coalition which could defeat Trump
I was for that coalition last time until the DNC played their game. I do support candidates based on positions though.
Gotcha, you're on team Trump. Figured as much! Good luck with CRJ in Trump term no. 3
Get it through your fucking heads: Bernie supporters OVERWHELMINGLY voted for Hillary and she lost anyway because she just sucks that bad.
I am referring to the gentleman who said he would never vote for Kamala Harris. Please let's focus on the future and ending nazi fascism.
Proof please!! This war monger is the true fascist!!!
Retire.
While Kamala may yet make a good follower, she has proven she is no leader of the left.
All you need is a Constitutional Amendment and you're good to go, otherwise...NO.
Fox got Tomi . We got a 2020 ticket
Perhaps you two should learn simple economics, Comrade Sanders. We can't afford it. $20 Trillion in debt, with >$70 Trillion unfunded. ???
Then how about the two of you pay for it I'm sure you have enough money
