How's is the FBI Investigation going for your wife?
How's learning how to stay on topic going for you? (Badly, it would seem)
It's quite amazing. They do not care at all about what Trump has done to betray this country, their focus is solely set on dems.
"Some democrats, or their spouses, have done something wrong, therefore nobody shall ever question anything Trump does wrong" Scary really.
It's going down a dark path to authoritarianism. If he says its fake, they all buy it regardless of countless sources saying otherwise.
Is authoritarianism like when a POTUS decides they will do what they want, even if Congress does not go along?
Mel Gibson? Is that you? I've always wanted to tell Mel that he is a racist bag of dicks. Can you pass along that message for me?
I'm sorry, but what was racist?Is authoritarianism like when a POTUS decides they will do what they want,even if Congress does not go along?
How's the wife's investigation going? It's imperative that we know.. 
Completely irrelevant. Different topic.
It's a must know since he &  @SenKamalaHarris working on free college he needs to stay away from until resolved
I repeat  SEPARATE ISSUE. By all means raise it. Just not in response to a tweet that had absolutely NOTHING to do with it.
I'm raising an issue Sanders should not be working on free college while his wife is being invtg about college $$
You weren't  raising an issue. Yoy were changing the subject. Very difderent thing.
Russia didn't pay me to vote for Trump, get the invtg done so we don't have to hear about it anymore! Instead we hear bs
"Get the investigation done" Agreed. & who's stopping that from happening? & why? If nothing to hide?
No evidence of collision with Russia.
None that they have shown to the public yet. It's an ongoing investigation.
So none..
I'll let you know as soon as I'm privy to that info. In the mean time we can impeach him for obstruction of justice among other things.
I'm sure.
How can you be so sure? They don't investigate Presidential campaigns for no reason. lol
Iraq has WMDs
Good example of not enough investigation and an administration manipulating the public.
Your supporter Seth rich gave his life to get you justice.but you act like a paid Dem puppet.typical slimy politician.#sethrich
It's funny that Hillary was pushing Trump/Russia agenda before the election but just at the time her email scandal started! Coincidence?
What interference did Russia cause? Anyone? Hack voting booths? Systems? People? Please enlighten us all if you can.
I guess it's only important to work with republicans when democrats lose, right? You would ignore republicans if you could. #hypocrite
Shut up Bernie...
Seth Rich is your Russian witch hunt claim-by your corrupt DNC-a true patriot died for this nation exposing the truth!-he was not a coward!
Bernie they bought you;Seth Rich leaked 40,000 DNC emails exposing how your votes were stolen by H-& you still protect these corrupt people
Also given what a communist supporter you are shouldn't you be happy to see collusion with Russia? Anyway, what about #sethrich ?
First, they need to grow up, sprout backbones and put this country ahead of their party.
You have 4, FOUR active investigations now. 0 evidence of Trump ties 8 months later
Impeach him now... no more time to mince words
How undemocratic of you
Open a book and read the chapter on revolution as in American vs the British.. I'm on our side you and Trumpski go to the USSR or hell
Trump is not associated with Russia. He is pro American.
And ... let's please hold the DNC and Clinton accountable for colluding and burying @SenSanders
On what charges?

You know you need evidence, right?
Now, where is the evidence? Why is it always coming, but never seems to actually arrive?
What happened to your face the night before the @DNC Convention
What did you know and when did you know it about #SethRich
Most of your supporters KNOW it was #SethRich NOT RUSSIA. He had your back Bernie. Grow a spine and stand up to the DNC!
And you'll find nothing there!
There is NO collusion with Trump and Russia, after almost a year of trying to connect the dots, you still cant come up with any evidence!
It's been going on for a year! Stop wasting our tax money on nonsense! Jeez! I didn't even vote for Trump! Fight his issues not him!
Shouldn't you be a little more interested in investigating #sethrich one of your supporters, likely murdered for working to support you?
Give your evidence facts proof of Russia Trump Collusion. I will wait 4your evidence U don't have any evidencethen shut up
No evidence of collision with Russia.
Collusion with Russia to help win an election is not a crime under any statute.illegally surveilling a Pres candidate from 2015-2017?Yes
Trump should have the DOJ start investigation Clinton, Rice, Obama and others for illegal actions.
I agree trump is a liar and is mentally unstable
WANT MEMO OF EVERYONE IN INVESTIGATION,  FBI DIRECTOR COMEY, NOT JUST PRESIDENT TRUMP.  HE SAID HE KEEP MEMO, SHOW THEM.
You might want to Google some more. Family is sick of conspiracy theories. Read.
Idiot..you got lied to about the debates,succumb to Hillary with $, caved on accountability,yet can't understand that there is no collusion!
Comrade #Bernie as a open Russian communist with DIRECT ties to #RUSSIA are U saying our Trumpie is your minion?
no evidence but there is evidence of Obama Hill and Podesta ties to Russia
Maybe if credible democrats were in office people like you would stop spreading lies and hate.
Poor Bernie, the Paid Flunky still tries, after not one Democrat worked with Republicans over the Crooked Hack Hillary, now he wants Help!
If only fair means Hillary and Democrats get investigated too. I don't see the so called Independent Senator calls for that too.
Socialist Plan wants Govt control of all businesses. 
They have no clue what it takes! 
Sick minds want total control!
They're dangerous!
@SenSanders must get off on pain. The way he got tested by DNC and Clinton was hideous... but he still is asking for more. #Kinky
We all know @realDonaldTrump have no ties to Russians.
Bernie, you've been bought sold and bent over. For God sakes have some self-respect.
The bottom is, it didn't happen! Just Hillary bullshit. How come NO evidence has come out so far? How's your wife and the FBI doing?
Like you worked with Republicans for the last 8 years, give it up and take your meds. You lost and will in this too.
You mean get to the bottom of Democrat BASELESS ALLEGATIONS. Rather investigate HILLARY/PODESTA MILLIONS $$$ FROM RUSSIA & why you SOLD OUT.
@johnkasich So true! Give up partisan biases. That's why Trump got in. They are sick of polarized politicians.
no sane person believes this crap. Our eyes opened to the msm narrative of hypocrisy during election cycle! Never fooled again!
Are you deflecting from your wifes @FBI investigation? @SenFeinstein said yesterday only rumors and newspaper articles. #fakenews LOL
WTF would democrats know about an open and fair practice? Did you run just so Hillary could say she had competition?
Cucking is unbecoming.
maybe your wife should come clean about her scandalous life! How much did Clinton pay you?!
We voted for Trump because we wanted to. What exactly do you think Russia did to "influence" our choice?
Hey, how's your new house?
Let's get to the bottom of the #dnc corruption first. #HillaryEmails #PodestaEmails #berniepayoff
No kidding. They should be just as cooperative as the Dems were for Benghazi.
DIdn't you know Bernie? The Russia investigation starts w/ someone from your campaign accessing the Democrat voter data?
Even more imperative if investigation focused on how Hillary's campaign, DNC, & media colluded to sabotage you. You caved in like a coward.

It's even more imperative that #Democrats quit trying to undermine @POTUS and get to work fixing #America
This is #sedition
Stop whining Bernie. #Killary stole the nomination from You. Complain about that and take her to court if You've got the balls! #LockHerUp
Bernie why are you afraid  of Hillary. Cowards like you are not worthy to serve in politics
It's imperative you retire.
Why don't you ask the losers in your party!
Perhaps u need to show a bit of outrage after getting sodomized by @HillaryClinton...quit playing the part of @billclinton #cuckhold
Bernie there has to be ties before you can get to the bottom of them. Are you enjoying your new homes the Democrats purchased for you.
Or to see that the Trump campaign has no ties to Russia, right? #RussiaInvestigation
Hey your a 100 yrs old Hitler ... Go away to a nursing home...  ReaganGood
Fair and open, then impeach him.  Isn't that what you meant to say
What are you hiding to want to jump into this fray of deceit and distraction?
After Obama's spying didn't work, multiple committees created. Comey under oath denies & now u have special counselor. WTH else do you need?
You're still as confused as you were on Nov 8/16. We already know  who has ties to Russia. That's HRC,Podesta,Bill etc.. Flynn & Manafort.
Bernie... get the respect of the people back! Stop trying to please the parties! Fear God! Not the DNC! God is your only true Allie!!!
Give it up BS..aren't y'all tired. Same Shite Different Day.
Nah, We're done working with you #AntiAmerican #FlagBurners. No Trump voter will Ever vote for Another Dem. you've all Blown it. #MAGA 
OLD MAN, you need to take a nap, the only ties to Russia are Hillary and Podesta's.
And this is a good reason I'm glad I didn't vote for you . Just like the other politicians . Trump /Russia I thought you might be different
What bout @HillaryClinton collusion with @DNC to screw u out of the nomination? How come @TheDemocrats don't bout that?
There are not ties. Seth Rich was the leak and he died trying to show the country what the DNC did to you. But Sellouts will be Sellouts
I remember when commies just LOVED Russia!  I guess you're what we'd call a "progressive" commie.
You have zero interest in integrity sir. You bent over and grabbed your ankles for the corrupt establishment.
It's imperative that Democrats pull their head out & get to the business of working w/@POTUS in making USA great again or disband altogether
Bernie's suffering from Stockholm syndrome. The only known collusion was between the media, DNC, and Clinton campaign.
First let's find out why Clinton campaign cyber security was so poor that caused the chaotic LWNJ hysteria DC  has now. @SenSanders
You know better than this, Bernie.
Interesting..Comey has a history of "SchemingWithSchumer."
Even though every one and their f mother has discredited this. But, keep going Bernie you phony shill. Seal your own fate.
Got a reelection campaign next year, doncha?
How about democrats work with republicans on fixing healthcare and economy? Get over your political hit job and work on creating jobs please
There's a theory going around atm that Bernie could have known about it.
He also got a new house.
Which will hopefully lead to the bottom of the #SethRichCoverUp #SethRichMurder He was your supporter, had just talked to #wikileaks
Shouldn't you be getting to the bottom of wifey's fraud troubles ?
have u figured out who stole the nomination from you yet?? Just wondering. Maybe it was Russia.
You were not so bipartisan over Hillary
But, with all do respect, I no longer expect you to operate from principles. You shed them so easily to support the arms dealer in chief.
Give it up Bernie. #SethRich died trying to expose what they did to you. You owe him to highlight his MURDER and press for info!
seriously, pops, you need help.
The one thing on which you should agree with Trump is that we should have good relations w/RU. Not perpetuate fear for arms dealers.
There's more proof of your wife being a criminal than Trump, btw.
seriously? Hillary had TS emails on an unsecured server, but that was ok? Your hypocrisy is staggering.
Your wife is going to jail... #MAGA
It's the Dems who are not working with Repubs. They also screwed you over for the nomination if I remember correctly.
Reading this tweet, it sounds like u already convicted him. I thought investigation was 2 find out "IF" there were ties. #clown
Look no further than the DNC, who betrayed you in favor of that lying Hillary Clinton. Your own party turned on you. We're to trust them?
It was @HillaryClinton with Uranium One and Russia.
Effing moron! Hillary Clinton has ties to the Russians and she screwed you and you did nothing about it pathetic POS.

Your honeymoon in Russia makes you an expert asshole.
Still no evidence
Shut up sellout ....
Did Dhimmicrats work with Republicans when Killary sold US uranium assets to Russia, or not so much?
Hey @BernieSanders  Murdered DNC staffer SETH Rich was Murdered by the Clinton Machine because they cheated you What are you doing about it?
#SethRich was your supporter working 4 DNC.He spent hrs a day @ that server. He saw what DNC/Hillary camp was doing to U. He died helping U.
*alleged (by democrats) to have ties to russia
Check Honduras
wasting our time and money, DO WHAT YOU ARE PAID TO DO, HELP US THE PEOPLE. Sorry to yell but cmon.
Um, you got that backwards Bern, the Democrats need to work with the Republicans. They own the House remember. You all lost it
It's imperative that Republicans work with Democrats in a bipartisan process of Building up America. Get real ..geesh
Dude... it's not like he's an admitted Commie who honeymooned in Russia... how was your honeymoon anyway? talk to any Russians?? Know any?

If I were you I would want @HillaryClinton thrown in Jail but this Russia Probe will show how bad she #Berned you
You're a liar and a traitor, Communist. Did you get paid for tweeting this?
Come on Bernie,  Im a high school diploma blue collar worker that sees you got PLAYED!  Have some self respect and grow a pair!  #deadhorse
Didn't you go to Russia for your honeymoon?  I thought you liked Russians 
You say that as if it's actually a fact, but truth is, You don't know.
She rigged election against you. You're a hypocrite. We want a special prosecutor against her
Why haven't you looked into this stuff Bernie
Let's summarize: Trump isn't under investigation. Flynn was cleared of wrongdoing. No evidence of Russia "interference." What gives?
Where's his special prosecutor
Hey, phag, there are no ties. Get over the loss. You demented old socialist loser.

Your a sick man Bernie... you know this was all fabricated during the Hillary campaign, the Russia #Fakenews was exposed in Podesta emails!



There are none.  Same people who stole the nomination from you made it up.



You have no evidence yet but  you're already convicted him. Your supporters  haven't forgotten about this. She cheated she should be in jail
Can we get back the money u took from voters since Hillary bought u off
Hey Bernie your BFFs Clapper & Feinstein said THERE IS NO COLLUSION do you need to borrow my hearing aids?
When have you worked with republicans to get anything done.
No ties??? No proof?  Your ruining our country with all this rhetoric?!!!
This is a joke!!!
Do you rent that Million Dollar beach house ? If so we are very poor and want a nice vacation. I knew would help DM me for good dates.Thanks

And how do you feel about Hillary's ties to Russia?
WAKE UP BERNIE.  The only one with deep ties to Russia was Hillary. Donations to CF & selling them 20% of our Uranium use for Nuke bombs
Dude, I'm done. Enjoy your life. Hope it was worth bending over for @cia.
Can you check out the 2015 Russian accounts of Mad Maxine $200k she has invested ???
