
Health care is a right & a necessity! Tons of money for the upper classes is NOT a right!
See, Can 'Medicare-for-All Serve as Pathway to 2018 Democratic Landslide?
I think it would actually means that people would receive treatment for their disorders, conditions, and diseases:) Great for Democrats!!Yep
Why not just make it Free-market? Much less dangerous, much less problematic than single payer.
Nope.  Free market only works when people in on relatively equal basis.  No one is going to price  during a stroke either.
We get insurance on the off chance we may need it later.
Some of us needed it since we were literally 8 cells.
I agree with you on these points, but a single payer provider will not help ease those issues.
We will also not be paying for advertising and obscene bonuses.
I also ask you to consider the thought that a single payer plan could make it harder to get treatment period, due to waiting lists.
Doesn't work that way where they have it.

Snore
Brings tears to my eyes...the good kind. Totally resonates with me. Health care is not a privilege, it IS a right!
SOMETHING the GOP ridicule and many in DNC try to ignore = but it is what the AMERICAN PPL WANT=like other Nations time stop denying us care
Ask @SenatorMenendez about #Medicare!!! :P #virtuesignaling
FDR's view
It is not even a 'right' really because you can get into a philosophical dichotomy...but instead of a 'right' it is simply 'common sense'.
We want Single Payer!! Protect us from greedy insurance companies and high cost medicine Single Payer will pave the way!!
Go Bernie healthcare should be a privilege as a USA born  citizen tell Khanna
FDR's view
I am sure if we work together as citizens of this great country, we can get it done. Healthcare is for all
Gov MUST chg HC 1 last time n single payer plan/ea time politics chgs HC parents hav2 start over finding 10-20docs 4 special med needs child
And some insight as to how it can be financed, here  #MedicareForAll https://www.sanders.senate.gov/download/options-to-finance-medicare-for-all?inline=file …
Imagine if the Pentagon wouldn't keep losing trillions of dollars.
How does anyone with a moral conscience even get to the point of talking about health care as being rightfully a privilege?
We love you Bernie
And how will you pay for it?

*Nobody* has a right to another person's labor - unless, of course, they own those people.

I don't own anyone, how many do you own?
Won't let me vote???
Wake them up Bernie!!
Only a fool wouldn't want everyone to have health care. Who wants another deadly epidemic?
If all senators and representatives had to live on the salaries most of us middle class folks in our 60's do, medicare for all would pass
How’re you paying for it, Ace?
If healthcare is a right, then food is a right. And I refuse to eat anything other than steak, Praline encrusted bacon, and caviar.
And for all those skeptics that think taxpayers have to pay for it - it's not the case! Educate yourself - read on #mmt #mmt2017
You have no right to feel up other women #DirtyBernie

This is what we really need
High deductible and high co pays are like having no insurance
Welcome to how the rest of the world thinks.  #MedicareForAll Just a couple more steps to go #ParisAgreement #HumanRights
Bernie take your supporters to Venezuela and show them your plan.
Medicare can't pay their bills NOW in a timely manner.  Putting the Nation on Medicare will assure a historic increase in taxation.
In a country as rich as USA, all citizen's should have health care.
Government health care a communist dream
Like driving on the Government highway and the Military?
Lots of Congress ppl who value business b4 citizen's needs
 "The goal of the country is the happiness of the people"..........Book of Verses
No tell them how much it will cost and where you will get the money.
Healthcare isn’t a right. The problem with all these rights liberals want is you expect everyone else to pay for them
Just like being irresponsible or not taking responsibility for your actions. That's the reason over 1 trillion dollars a year for welfare
The only right these Marxists want is the right for someone else to pay the bill.
It's not, actually. It'd be great if it was, but it's not - period. If it was a right, there would be no such thing as insurance.
Hospital emergency rooms must take you if to release you means you will die. Big money given to designated hospitals. Your money. Expensive.

Donald Trump says Universal Healthcare is necessary to make America Great Again @SenSanders #MedicareForAll Retweet!! 
At what cost?
#MedicareForAll financing explained here  https://www.sanders.senate.gov/download/options-to-finance-medicare-for-all?inline=file …
Explain to the people what this would mean. Start pushing this message

Ro, you are an idiot for supporting this idiot. Move on. Your anti-establishment nonsense argument is weak. Do your job!

Ro if u mess at any Point with what Bernie builds up , u will end like Hillary in the Woods with a book WhatHappened. 20M to TYT?
https://youtu.be/RYWLFdOUhAk 
Yes, because cupcakes and essential health care are comparable.... 
You connies have been pissing and moaning about the debt for years, but the sky hasn't fallen. Or did I miss it?
-BANK FRAUD BERNIE, likes to throw our hard earned tax dollars from the highest building! He gets his money through BANK FRAUD!!
-Ha, ha, ha!Stupid congress cannot figure out how to pay for Medicare for those that have paid for & earned it! Bernie will bankrupt us all!
It's not a right; not in the Constitution. It is an insurance like any other insurance, and I refuse to pay for entitlements for illegals.
Public Healthcare:
This is another repeal of Obama care without them labeling it a repeal. It completely destroys ACA.
Just calling something a “right” doesn’t magically make it less scarce or higher quality.
Wrong ‘A Right’ is not Extortion or Taxing the people. Everyone should have the Right to Purchase Health Insurance Over State Line
Just when did it become a right???
Is it a right to have to pay for a service u don't want? Bc if you don't purchase your "taxed" aka penalized
Perhaps you two doofuses could show us in writing that proof of it being a right.
Wrong. Rights are defined by what you may do and what government must not do to restrict you. NOT what it must do FOR you.
Wrong. One person doesn't have the right to the labor of another.
Okey-dokey. We'll be sure to tell the fire fighters not to bother when your house is burning.
Firefighters are part of a socialized program. You could do the same with medical care. That doesn't make either one a right.
Sure it does, if that's what a nation's zeitgeist determines. For example, our nation long ago determined we have a right to an education.
Education was established as an entitlement, not a right.
It's simply the wrong vocabulary.
Semantics? Fine. Other nations, Sanders, and a majority of Americans, opine that all citizens are *entitled* to healthcare, then.
Fine, do it. I'll vote against it and it's against the American spirit of freedom (including financial freedom), but go for it. Maybe u win.
You are an enabler of laziness
The readers' poll results from this article so far (10:35am):
Look at the other countries who are bankrupt due to free handouts.
Wha…? "Bankrupt"? The social democracies Sanders would like us to emulate rank HIGHER in "Best for Business":
Did you not learn in college to use non bios research. FORBES are mostly liberals.
Hahaha! Riiiight! Forbes' economists are lying. How 'bout… the Heritage Foundation? Also liberals? http://www.heritage.org/index/ranking 
Just because they are economist doesn't mean they don't have their own agenda.
And what's their "agenda" when analyzing countries' potential for business? Heritage Foundation shares that same agenda?
Do you really know for a fact and who are the individual "They"
Sorry, but you're flat out wrong about Forbes. Liberal? Tsk. Hardly.
That is truly BS
And how are we going to pay for it.
U haven't put a bill forward I'd loike
  to see your ideas. U haven't had yet.
You evidently haven't read his answer. Lemme help: https://www.sanders.senate.gov/download/options-to-finance-medicare-for-all?inline=file …
One payer system always fails look at Canada's..
Canada has affordable coverage, & the US insurance companies don't want us 2 have access to them.
I work to pay and get my health care I don’t want to pay for somebody else who didn’t!

Bullshit, is what comes to mind when I see sen. BS and his ideas, u r the one that's going to get ripe soon
No one has a right to take my money to pay for something for someone else that they can pay for themselves.  If they can't then they do w/o
make you a deal, If Gov is responsible to pay for their health care then Gov can tell them what to eat and  punish unhealthy habits, right?
umm, not everyone and how about you get equal to what you put in, isn't that fair?
False equivalency unless you r equating Government w God & what Government mandates with charity What % of ur income do u give to the latter
Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness is a right in America. No free hand outs to the majority that can work, but choose not too.
Show me that in our constitution or bill of rights
it's basic human decency, you jackass. Our "society" has gone so far from treating others respectfully
Such bad language from a person talking about human decency
SENATOR YESTERDAY I WAS SICK GOT A COLD AND OTHER THINGS AFTER CHURCH,!
#BankFraudBernie
Y a w n …………
SENATOR SANDERS THERE MUST BE A REASON THEY WANT TO REPEAL ACA SO BADLY! OUR ENEMIES !MAYBE IT WILL LEAD TO CHAOS!!
Repeating the lie over & over that health care is a right does not make it true. It is & always has been a privilege. You are irresponsible.
Please explain why it's a privilege? Privileges can be taken away & must be earned.
Because you don't have the right to someones labor, you would have to dismiss the Dr.'s right as an individual to serve the right you want.
I understand not having right to someone's labor. But dismissing Dr.'s right? You mean, forcing Dr. to do something she doesn't want to do?
Well yes, that's what the Dems want. Socialized Care. Bernie said it himself the system would fail. Cali tried to pass it and failed.
I've been concerned abt how medicare wld be implemented. Wld be rough/expensive. Not sure HC's a "privilege" but I get arg it's not a right.
This is a great video, i think it brings all the points together.
I must of missed that in the constitution. It's getting time to take care of #Taxpayers1st
Taco payers paid for their healthcare via ss and now you saying they are not entitled to it because they now longer work
How would you feel if they took your fathers, or grandfather's Medicaid away because their retired or disabled
My father never made a lot of $$ but he was a saver. Spent his life saving to keep him in nursing home. Didn't get a dime from Medicaid
no you vote buying moron, its a SERVICE. you have no RIGHT to the labor of others.
Two of the most dedicated people in Washington today. Glad to have you working for us. Thank you for your integrity.
