Reminder: Nicaragua rejected it because it wasn't progressive enough. So it's just us and Syria.
Well Syria are in an awful civil war, so really it's just you
Just us but we are the ones that PAY.. we are the ones screwed for NOTHING..squeezed out of Trillions and Jobs, while others benefit from us
I don't know what you are talking about I don't see the US taking anything from anyone, I see a US that has helped Humanity in its disgrace
Because you live in America. That's what you are taught. The rest of the world sees you as the greatest threat to world peace. From 2013:
You are wrong, I've lived & workedin many countries were America has been either the diff bw life or death, the best partner, or the ideal
To governments. To the elite. That's how colonialism & neo-colonialism works. Create a native wealthy minority & use them to extract wealth
Whats a disgrase is that you would sell the US to the world... truly ? Send money to China and India and they don't do anything ?
Syria kind of has some shit going on right now...what's our excuse? There is none.
Read the accord instead of listening to Burnout
Read some actual academic papers instead of tin-foil hat psycho blogs.
I did 3 trillion dollars the loss of 400,000 jobs and the 2 biggest polluters  in the world don't actually have to do anything.
All for 1/3 Of 1°c in 100 years? Sounds like a crock to me
Sounds like you don't understand thermodynamics. 3 trillion USD is pointless if we've collapsed due to catastrophic coastal floods.
The agreement will also lead to further cooperation between countries and advancement of renewable energy technologies.
Which is estimated to be a 6 trillion dollar field by 2030. We won't be apart of it.
All the cool countries are doing it!
This is a dumb argument for a non-treaty.
How bout cause God gave us only one planet it a desire to look our kids in the eye and say "I put your future before my personal resentment"
How about cause the Paris agreement would not have actually done anything.
yes it would
Please, tell me how much the voluntary limits that counties are already breaking would reduce global temps by 2100?
a lot probably
The answer is 0.2 degrees, if the UN models are right. And the UN models have always overestimated CO2 impact. Thanks for playing.
no it isnt
you can pay for it out of book sales. Am taxpayer !money for Americans. Trump 2020
Bernie, America needs you mate, Step up and take control of this nightmare
Hey lets see what your orange daddy has done.. hmmm taken america backwards in clean technology-
Leave Nicaragua out if it...they refused to sign because they felt it wasn't strict enough. Syria abstained because of their Civil War.
Wish ppl would stop bringing Nicaragua into this when their reason for not signing was something very different from USAs current reason
Good riddance Paris Accord.
This is unbelievable 
Can he just unilaterally do that? Emmanuel is keeping with Accord in Chicago, one thing I agree on. What if other cities/states do that?
I stopped the first video almost immediately. I use evidence I see/hear/read about from sources I trust-as do you. Obviously we disagree 3/?
It's OK Lillian. Many people feel more comfortable walking around with her eyes closed. Have a good day.
My eyes are wide open. If you're wrong, & I think you are, what will you tell your children/grandchildren. If ur right, you can laugh at us.
Yay. No more footing the bill for others that do nothing. No more socialism world order.
#fuckutrump
Everyone knows that, and everyone knows syria is war torn, doesnt change the fact there are 3 countries not signed on.
Paris is insufficient and to imply it is is tantamount to denialism
Tho, when involved countries place tarriffs on the u.s. due to this, there will be long term consequences. As well as loosing foot in market
Trump is leading his band of crazies on to glory and salvation.
Im staling this
Do it, run them down at every turn.
Sir yes sir
I know - disgraceful that only 3 countries are smart enough to realize it is a scam that helps nobody and lines pockets
One is in a civil war. One rejected Paris as it didn't go far enough & will have 90% renewables by 2020. It's just your country that's dumb!
Yep - we're dumb alright.  Strange that we're the most dominant economic and industrious powerhouse the world has ever seen
I though USA was ready to lead on the climate shange dilemma....No, we are join the club with Nicaragua an Syria. ..Sad.!!
Just because the rest of the world are complete idiots does not mean that we should do the same thing!! Idiot!!!
Actually it's awesome...flawed science Mr. Sanders..
Thank you Pres Trump for getting us out of Paris agreement.  No reason to give $3 bil/year to global slush fund.  Spend that money at home.
Apparent bernie, you dont care is the taxpayers pay the majority of funds do you ...
I think you'll find the USA just joined a very large group of countries that will pay absolutely zero towards the Paris agreement
#MakingAmericaGreatAgain! Bernie you need to give it up!!
Hey Meatball!
Three countries that dont want to lose money for nothing...
The reason why Nicaragua didn't join b/c  they believed the accords was powerless. They actually wanted the accords to have more authority.
He needs the absolute hell kicked out of him.
So happy we are not donating our tax dollars to this "treaty".
Paris Climate Accord is bad science, with minimal results and bad for workers. It only makes the green wall street types richer and richer.
Good!
Yay!!! #NoParrisAgreement
Giving my $ to a global slush fund, for elitists, that does nothing for the climate is the disgrace. Where is the $BILLION$ we already gave
Never fear. Iran and North Korea are still part of your costly and ineffective coalition. Congrats on the +million dollar salary.
Actually Syria is at war. They're excused
Heaven forbid we reject another tax to send our money to other countries..
It was a good day for me.
#FeelTheBern
Hooray for intelligence winning out on this one!
Did you read the thing?
China is going to obey the non-binding agreement? Buddy you must be new here. Signing and doing are 2 different things.
Yes it is Bernie!
You made more than $1 million last year. So much for you bashing capitalism when you profit from it. Pathetic,socialism never works. Wise up
I see you are now a millionaire.  Congratulations! Fraud!!!
America has always corrected herself. The unfortunate outcome in the Oval office shall be mended by the genus of the US system
You're the real disgrace.
Why don't you just move to Paris if you think it's so great. #berniepleaseleave
It was a crap deal, and no one will participate now cause the money just pulled out.
2020 The People will regain their Vision of AMERICA!
please stop  fake news were not going for it anymore please stop
Bernie made a cool million dollars last year!  Globalist and "Democratic" socialism for everyone!
Or.. the real disgrace is how much you made on book royalties last year..  $858,000.  Socialism and Nazism sure pays good!!
Read the unfavorable terms to the USA and how the largest polluter skates til 2030 Bernie, then explain why we are "bad".
This is why u sould impeach Trump He's Killing Us And The USA He Thinks Climate Change is a hoax made up by China he a danger to the world
This a dumb and misleading tweet, Bernie.
why?
Syria is not a signatory as they are busy being invaded by mult parties. Nicaragua, because it did not go far enough. (I dislike this meme)
So it's misleading to implicate Syria and Nicaragua.  The US is alone, the only country giving the finger to the rest of the world.
yup
Yes it is sad but I'm sure you'll be back o the road pretty soon. Cause you got no other choice.
Nice to be a 1960's communist thrown back huh #BernieSanders
At least you earned it honestly, Bernie.  What I oppose is shady, backroom deals with no transparency. Kinda like the WH.
USA  survived after pulling out of Kyoto USA  is leader in clean energy & technology!  All Socialists please move to Cuba 
What's a disgrace is how you blast wealthy when You Are A So Called Fat Cat You made > 1Million in 2016
yes Make America 3rd. World country for a change ! 1800 's are on us FAST and Furious! COVFEFE 
Not a disgrace. It is called recognizing the agreement for what it is - a huge money pit without tangible benefit. Private efforts, not Gov!
Be open accepting and loving to others. Even people of color @sensanders
Et tu brute?  That's what a leader does.  He is the first Western leader to stand up for his country.  World leaders, picking our pockets.
what a shame on US history not only does our president reject the science of climate change he is working to undermine the efforts of others
POTUS is a disgrace to America!
BERNIE SANDERS 2020! Despair is absolutely not an option! @SenSanders @BarackObama
curious as to why you never condemn the terror attacks or share your prayers for the victims?

as disgraceful as the lying Libs!?
How?
how do libs lie? Be specific with your question tuffy
There are better options for energy, cleaner options but they are and have for a long time suppressed by big business and corrupt politics
So your community is super poor, and you live in a @GOP Red state/district? Notice a pattern? WakeTheHellUp@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
And Nicaragua did not sign up, because they thought it didn't do enough
As opposed to joining, Cuba, North Korea, Russia, and other similar countries?  #ParisAgreement. US well continue to lead the world.
When I'm overseas, I tell everyone I'm from Canada...eh?
Im with you Bernie!
That's because Syria and Nicaragua are the only 2 countries on the planet not full of economically illiterate socialist/communists. Go Trump
By that logic, we're supposed to stand with Russia, Iran, and China?
I strongly suggest you start actually listening to what Trump is saying, Bernie. The people behind him are smarter than you.
I'm so happy the Trump pulled out of that diabolical Paris Accord. What a SCAM!!!
Why do you hate Syria and Nicaragua? Maybe they know something you don't. Or have figured something out you haven't yet.
That agreement was Nothing but another step towards communism. Which I know you're in favor of Been! You're the disgrace!!
Bern*
Paris agreement did nothing but take trillions away from US, give 3 bilion each year to UN and cost US 6.5 million jobs! You are against US!
President Donald Trump aka #1ugliestamericanPOTUS45 is the Number 1 "Ugly American" in the US and the planet.
I am more than embarrassed
You're way off message #ComradeBernie  Al Gore says Paris accord will not solve climate
Al Gore admits Paris Accord won't solve the issue of 'climate change.'

Yet liberals say Trump pulling out will destroy the…
The US is #2 in the world for greenhouse emissions behind China, and the Chinese have to wear gas masks to go outside. Under Trump; losing!
And your the jerkoff that wanted to take trucks off the road and directly use trains ya ok make so much sense
Don't lump Nicaragua in this. They refused to sign because the agreement didn't go far enough.
I hope Trump voters are happy. Now that idiot makes stupid decisions for all of us.
To be fair, Nicaragua believed it didn't compel enough. Trumps rejection of climate change principle is a backward leap for the US.

What Republicans mean when they want 'limited" government? To be  outshone by the states, the courts, the people so they become irrelevant?
Take a trip to Nicaragua and you'll see why they deserve to be mentioned in a much brighter light than this on this topic.
Who do you think you're kidding senator!!!
When they all get cash, even china, for doing nothing all countries will join. Duh. Paris was an attack on American by one world government
WE AMERICANS LOOK LIKE THE BIGGEST NUTS IN THE WORLD THANKS TOO NUTTY POTUS. BUT RUSSIA AND CHINA ARE LOVING IT ALL AND trump TOO
Nicaragua probably resents notion US/Syria are "joining" them, they rejected Paris' commitments as *insufficient*
Point taken. Still, that's another (very valid) conversation.
Corker lies to TN claiming jobs loss from Paris ttps://southernbeale.wordpress.com/2017/06/03/sen-bob-corker-claims-role-in-paris-exit/
Global warming, cooling,inbetween, is a farce and one giant money scheme.  Just ask al gore
Yes Bernie and we did not join north korea and Russia that wanted our $$$$ to complete the Democrat destruction of america.  Thank God
A total disgrace to our country.

Didn't mean to switch subjects but you Libs always preach on ACA and don't tell the people why you all exempted yourselves and families?
Maybe because the US was footing the bill. When are you going to get on Obamacare? How come congress exempted itself from having to have it?

Nicaragua rejected it because it did not go far enough.
And Nicaragua wouldn't support the agreed-upon plan since it hinged on voluntary pledges and would not punish those who failed to meet them
Essentially leaving just us and Syria
Bernie you've worn your time out go rest is some quiet place and meditate
What group did we join by paying to clean up others mistakes? I guess that group is called "BS Fools Club"
Fun fact, Nicaragua actually didn't join because they said it wasn't strict enough. The accord was none binding. #trumpstunts
What percentage of global warming is man-made and how much is nature running it's course?
TRUMP SUCKS
No the disgraces is how much the United States is always paying it's about time somebody looked  out for us. Way to go Trump
#FUD
To think that we are out under one of the poorest countries  in the world: CHAD and HAITI.
@SenSanders you be the disgrace with your agenda.
With the exception that those 2 countries think the Paris agreement doesn't go as far as needed to protect the environment.  USA is alone!
Syria or Nicaragua don't have a dime to give corrupt U.N. regimes: the U.S. now has the wisdom not to.
Right.  And so, what are you going to do about it?
Wasted tax dollars anyways
What a disgrace! A lackluster example of leadership. This country can do better.
what the disgrace is the biggest polluters are given a free ride but America has the only rules to follow how is that fair
Mr Sanders what R U doing? R U trying to keep us divided 4 your own gain? 4 the good of this nation please stop it. U R responsible 4 trump.
Nicaragua wanted STRONGER Accord+is nearing 100% alternEnergy independ.
Leaves only US+Syria-DT excuse-2expensive? Cut dam military budget
You got.that right Bernie
Sad news Bernie!!
Can we please not lump Nicaragua in with that group? They're WAY ahead of us.
That damn Trump given trillions of dollars to Iran in cash in the middle of the night out of our social security how dare him

not one country is spending one penny or lifting a single finger about this nonsense all this is is to destroy the country's $ it Act of War
It amazes me that I can spot you criminals just by your physical looks on your profile picture it's amazing you all have that mental  look
I am so glad we stopped the bloodletting of you criminals destroying our country
Disgusting!  @POTUS @VP @DONALDTRUMPJR @FLOTUS
The company we keep on this issue is embarrassing.
And?
What has the accord done for the world so far?
we need to stand up for Bill Maher, we know he is not a Racist. please retweet.
something real......like Climate Change!
Climate Change is as real as people believe Jesus and Allah and all the other "God's are.  Now if only ALL that energy can be used on som
Your right again Bernice hypocrite , should have many many more countries 
Leaving. Can't believe Syria smarter then euros!!!!!
Ps anybody seen Bernice's mike
Sanders for President!
Good then the world does not need us in the Paris agreement if all the other countries in the world are working toward perfect green energy
God bless @realDonaldTrump  for taking action.
Just remember Nicaragua is turning to renewable energy and Syria is in conflict. What's our excuse?
Ridiculous.
Striving to cascade to the bottom.
NICARAGUA LITERALLY THOUGHT THE TREATY WASNT GOOD ENOUGH SO THEY DIDNT JOIN and syris is in a fucking civil war the US is on its own
Should be noted that Nicaragua is already pushing for 90% renewables. They don't think the Paris Agreement is strict enough.
Socialism will never work bro. We learned this shit in the 7th grade.
So U say
We shall resist in spite of Cheetoh.NY is followng #ParisAgreement Cali etc.TRUMP is the disgrace We r victims of a liar @Millennial_Dems
It's the greatest thing since the declaration of war on Japan
But #Parisagreement was do-nothing to begin with. Support #JerryBrown, Cuomo and the governors, coalition for real action.
Unfortunately we are the only country with you. But I keep hoping beyond hope another country will take you.
The two countries where there aren't any Trump Hotels.
what a moronic statement, idots will always be idiots
There's hope -Newsweek reports approval ratings plunging:
Michigan 37%
Pennsylvania 37%
N. Carolina 41%
Florida 41%
Texas 42%
