Give it up Jessica. You're attacking the wrong person. Take your anger out on Trump, not Bernie. He went on to give his full support to HRC.
Making America Great Again
Robert,  your dream and this picture making Trump look like a hero are both FANTASY! Pay attention to the REALITY of who he is. NOT A HERO!
Just subscribed! Saw ep2 w @BillNye and I can't wait. Thanks Bernie, keep up the great work. We're all pulling for you.
I loved the Fridge...   one of the best Bear's EVER!!!!
Trump will start a war with N. Korea just to deflect, avoid criminal prosecution. I believe it.
Uh no thanks, you are just propaganda
Still love you and your message, sir!
Sure buddy
Keep up @SenSanders ! Do your yoga!
Let me guess free bombs for everyone. Why dont you discuss it with the people that matter? Hey hows that bank fraud going? Hypocrite
Hang it up Bernie, you're an old fool
tGod says:"LIBERALISM and your DEMOCRATS are leading you to the END of your Civilization+death!":http://godsnewestrevelions.com 
I bet you love it there old man.  Everyone is an equal slave, just like you dream it
The bigger threat is from our own president not North Korea.
I'd say it spans across more than just this ass president. Our policitcal system is so corrupted we're gonna need a new word for it.
At least North Korea uses the Metric System. In that sense, they are ahead of the Americans.
Let us know what your plan is when you're done.
That rogue group, N. K. shall consider only its survival but else. And meanwhile numerous people will be killed.
What would he know?  Obama did nothing.  Just sat around and discussed things.  No action.  No insight.
STABILITY&PEACE can't  be build in a MULTI-POLAR WORLD with continous insistence in BELLIGERENCE. Presidents XI Putin&Moon seeking DIALOGUE
Maybe you should have been speaking about and even greater threat Donald Trump
Funny. Today I'm speaking with my Orkin man about a pesky ant hill as well!
Since when do you see communism as a threat. Sit down and MAGA.
Bernie, you have a podcast? Did not know!
Why speak to someone who has no idea what he's doing.
#BankFraudBernie 
The fridge????
Your podcast isn't on Stitcher... your site says it's on iTunes, Google Play & iHeart Radio. Can you add Stitcher? I use that all the time.
The Fridge!!
Trump is the threat
don't understand why your followers don't see you for what you are the embodiment of the system who has never had a real job
two has-beens spewing bs views
@SenSanders has a podcast? Just downloaded every episode! Need to start this one after I catch up on @keithellison 's.
People in Vermont must really love the fact that you don't govern there.
You need to go over there and check it out! We can afford to loose a politician before any US soldiers!!!
As if your input is of any value. 
Key word is Former
Wil the pressure that Trump is putting on the GOP at lunch today have any affect.Sounds like he's practically threating them to vote his way
If William #TheRefridgerator Perry is the Sec. of Defense, than is Reggie White the Minister of Defense?
Do you even remember your own name?
I love how healthcare and infrastructure are the same as a pony to you people
Will you take a moment to update us on the investigation into Janes wrongdoings?
Thanks Comrade.
NK isn't our imminent threat. It's Don Jun Dumb!!!
notice me sensei
Do you have ideas. Or just remaking noises
Why don't you speak with our current Secretary of Defense?
Don't have to meet with the lawyers today to keep you and the Mrs out of trouble Mr. 1 percenter?
Bernie and his wife the con artists
Y isn't Obama guilty of violating the Hatch Act?  How is this bastard allowed 2 meet w/world leaders as a pvt citizen?  Undermines real Pres
Mr. Bernie Sanders What Do You Think About North Korea?
Bernie FYI Hillary is not running.R U now the putin puppet?STOP before u help kill this country.I liked u till u b/c trump.
Please go away
all NK citizens are treated equally. you should be happy .comrade
You basically advocated for that type of government here. An all powerful beauracracy that decides how we all live.
If you begin with the fact that the federal government issues our national currency, things would make a lot more sense to you.
Love you @SenSanders.

