Especially not easy when companies can spread lies with impunity. Reminds me of problems exposed by our recent election.
Union strong!!!
We need to bring Unions back. Most Corporations cannot be trusted to look after their workers. Its all about the board getting $$
They'll still get their $$$. They'll just close the plant and move elsewhere if they pass the union.
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/20/ford-to-invest-900-million-in-kentucky-plant-add-1000-jobs.html … oh really?
Well since that's a Nissan plant and not a Ford plant we were discussing.....Ya. Really.
This guy would probably buy a Nissan if they fuck the people trying to unionize. (By the way, there are labor laws that prevent it). Goofy
Not at all. I'm all for unions. My point is big corp generally isn't. And if labor laws were relevant no plant would have ever left.
Thank the representatives who have spent decades trying to repeal things like the Davis-bacon act & Taft-Hartley. They let money leave USA
Hey Bern, how's you old lady's bank fraud investigation going?
Anti-union movement goes back decades, noteably with Ford. It even became deadly at times during the Depression era.
When hungry protesting workers stormed locked out factory grounds, the company hired police, and several workers were killed.
In the 40s, 50s and 60s, unions gained ground & support. Growing wages and improving working conditions.
In the 70s to present, there has been a steady decline of unions. Resulting in stagnant wages and increase in bad working standards.
This decline has been a result of the steady chipping away by corperations, trying to defund (right to work) and bully tactics and media.
What is the grave injustice that the union is trying to stop in Mississippi?
https://www.facebook.com/Softworld4Solution/ …
Their fight is our fight!
Amen brother I'm a proud Laborers Local 172 member since I joined the union I've never regretted  and the company still turn a great prophet
Profit.
unions collect fees and create heirarchy to maneuver to get a job It's who u know!KY just passed right to work and new plants being built
I love when goofy people act like they know exactly how unions work 
I'm from a union family. Hubs worked 41 yrs on RR. Move along...
That's nice. Fees are called dues, and not every union functions as a hierarchy. It's not always about "who you know".
Dues gets u Union reps who are bought off. I'm from a generational Union family in the manufacturing belt of Ohio River relative union rep
Sounds like the crooked representatives should be voted out of their union appointments.
Difficult to do with opinions like yours. Thats why KY passed right to work and we're seeing 3 new plants being built.
LOL, right to work...for less.
That plant will be closed soon in favor of a non union workforce
Typical southern conservatard thinking
I'm born and raised in ohio and I saw 1st hand what unions do to jobs. They make them leave for non union workers
The people should be able to choose if they want a union, not forced to join.  #RIGHTTOWORK
How about you give up your holidays, weekends, 40 work weeks, vacations, safe work environments, any pay above min. wage then? 
Hypocrite
Right to work is a trick, to ultimately destroy unions and therefore worker's rights.
negative, it gives workers the right to choose if a union is wanted...this article is a great example of it.
It gives workers the possibility to benefit from unions without the need to be a member, which decreases the union's funds and kills it.
Then, when the union is gone, the company cuts wages & benefits because nothing left is part of a binding contract. They want no commitment.
many unions are corrupt, bosses making millions off of the dues of the employees as well as ruining businesses by restricting the free mrkt
Ahhhh, another oft misled opinion.  Thanks for playing. You lost when you mentioned "free market", code for "screw everyone except me".
Why no union there? It's because they don't want one and don't need one. This is America and they were allowed to choose. That's why.
Bravo!
I read that Nissans No. 1 customer is African American Mil.
Forming a union doesn’t instantly lead to a land of milk and honey, did you explain that Mr Sanders?
People.before profits!  
I'll bet all those workers can get together and make their own, but even better Nissan,than Nissan,and compete with Nissan head to head
Up YOURS Bernie. Just like you to pan handle for new votes. Typical libtards.
Average household income in MS is $36,919. Ave. salary at Nissan Canton is $50,897.60. How dare they make lives better for the people there!
that 50k you site is for upper level workers. nice try
Good job getting so many people to like your reply. Too bad it's not accurate. People like myths, though.
guess i could say the same thing about your tweet.  unions can help workers in states like MS. gop in MS isn't for the workers, only corps
My yet didn't mention GOP not did it say anything abt people unionizing, just pointed out that the workers the aren't being exploited.
It's a terrible idea because unions talk about raising your wages, while all they do is collect union fees. Much like the Democratic Party.
On average wages for union workers are 27% higher than for workers without a union.
Wow you've totally convinced me. If I sign up for a union today, can I go on strike tomorrow?
Let this goofball make his 25/hour and keep hating unions. No use for corporate ball lickers in skilled trades.

Lmao. Nice 
Hey Burnie, how about that $12,000.00 subsidy you receive for your health care....pretty nice perk huh?
Confusing the zeros? Nobody knew mathematics would be so complicated.
Only for Snowflakes and others who can't read a decimal point.
Hello Unions.... Good bye jobs...
Do it for yourselves, do it for your fellow workers, do it for your fellow citizens, do it for your children. Form a Union - do it.Good luck
A union a middle man.  Drives cost up.  Some are good, some are bad.  I think a net negative.
manufacturing owners are also a middle man. standing between the workers and the fruits of their labor
Maybe the workers should start their own business, bear the costs of infrastructure. What's a worker without equipment and product?  Jobless
maybe the manufacturers should bear the cost of the infrastructure which allows them to conduct their business, start to sale.
They do. They bear all the risk. It's not the laborers' gamble. All these have to do is show up. They get paid for their time.
they 'bear all the risk'? 
Let them vote it is their choice.  Bernie stay out of it.
Why should he? He is empowering them. Are you some coal miner from the sticks keeping MAGA-hope alive that your industry is returning? LOL
These are adults they can make their own decisions, Bernie gets involved to further agenda.  What does my career have to do with this?
Goes to credibility, for starters.
In the long run, it just sends more manufacturing jobs overseas
We are buying few imported vehicles and GM and Ford are unionized.
Most ford parts and half its vehicles are made in mexico
By one measure, the F-150 scores 85/100 on American content. If companies want slave labor, they can go overseas.
That is what they want and is exactly what they are doing
Oh yeah, I love my F-150
these guys know how to stand together for something important. not like Trump's crappy WH! or anything in that matter
Unions do a hell of a job defending chronic absentee little effort workers, not so much for the top tier worker who never gets into trouble.
Hey genius, the employees voted NO, REJECTED a union, that's why. Now, about your wanting the USA to be like Venezuela...
Gave the CEO $9.5B or $9.5mm dollars?  Or is it just the same to you?  #clown What difference does it make, right?
It was a slip of the pen. The facts were stated correctly by Sen. Sanders.
Nissan does not owe you an explanation about their refusal to allow a union. They are a private company.
All humanity should band together we could do so many great things if we chose to do so.
Google democratic socialism. Completely different
CEO T. Rutledge replaced 1800 #local3 techs in favor of out of state scabs on 3/28 w/ only 2 shots at mediation.
That was the whole purpose of the name change @TimeWarner cable. Scabbing the workforce.
This isn't Wisconsin or Texas. This is NYC, a UNION town.1800 #Local3 techs stand strong w/ backing from the city council. #unionbusting
I get that, I'm from the northeast.  Kudos for any battles you can win. @Verizon is no better to it's people.
Agreed. Verizon union (CWA) held out 48 days for a new contract in 2016. It's obvious Charter is out to conquer here in NYC. #Spectrumstrike
Charter Communications is in NYC? 
Absolutely. Without the unions, the lower and middle classes in this country will continue their slide into oblivion.
Didn't the teachers union side with hillary the day she announced? My old union did the same.  How is that representing their dues payers?
Just because your union endorses a candidate, doesn't mean you have to vote for that candidate.
Yes that is true. But if you don't agree with your unions choice your dues help that candidate
A part of them, sure. They also help keep the union fight for new contracts (aka wage increases), working conditions, and overall welfare.
Thank you Bernie for fighting to help the little man
I freaking love this man, educating the people of Mississippi to not accept the unlivable wage that they work hard at. It's not right.
@realJasonChilds, Governor of Alabama candidate was at Nissan in Canton today. Workers fear retaliation from Nissan. #UAW  #union
It's time the poorest state in the country gets checked
Unions don't work Bernie. Then again, you'd have to have a real job to know this...
Florida too...it was voted down to save ppl from getting fired for wanting to form a union. Right to Work States stink.
Thank you Bernie
*correction: subtitles say they paid Nissan CEO 9 Billion. Obv should say 9 million. Lol still absurd amount!!!!
Good work Bernie maybe you can keep encouraging Nissan to move their manufacturing back home to Japan costing all Mississippi workers jobs.
They're gonna union themselves right out of having a Nissan factory to work at.
Well since it worked so great for Detroit why not right?
Bernie!!!!!!!!!!
I agree. Thank you Bernie for always standing up for people's rights!!
@SenSanders I'm so disappointed that you are trying to divide the dems! Just so you can say your ideas were right! Is it that important
I supervise union employees and fully support the Nissan workers.
Unions are a backbone of America.  They are the heroes of "Made in America"...people need to recognize their importance.
Look what the unions did for Detroit!
I have bought several of their products over the years. Do the right thing and I might buy more.
Hey walmart, are ya listenin?
We drive a Nissan and believe the workers in Mississippi have the right to fair wages and safe working conditions @Nissan
Every Dem should support the Union of Auto workers in MS. This is what they should never waver on.

Here's  Bernie the opportunist.
Unions have all but destroyed the US auto industry.
Low wages/high company profits are why businesses fled from the Midwest/Northeast to the South. If South unionizes, jobs in MW/NE return.
Invite them to the lake house you traded your nomination for
@SharylAttkisson it is also not easy stopping bank fraud. You should be ashamed, 3 houses on a Fed ee sal. Hypocrite
#unionstrong
Thank you for always advocating for the people who work to make America great! Your my president contrary to popular belief of-45Triumphs
Nissan workers: Thank you Bernie for standing up for us.

Hillary supporters: What did Bernie ever accomplish? Do for people of color?
where are your taxes?
Greed is not right!
#Libertarian lol That's because you, like them, have a mama's born needs to control other's stuff, no matter what it is.
Standing up for ur own rights like these workers did, or standing 4 the rights of others has zero to do w/ controlling other people's stuff.
#Libertarian It is still the overriding long-term governance, we don't run #sweatshops in #legal #American #business
Your tweet in response to Sanders appeared to be anti-union, and against his supporting such a thing. Did I misunderstand?
#Libertarian not specifically but more in depth issues? Yes! Absolutely, Yes!!
To me, a tweet reply is a response to that specific tweet/issue. In this case, supporting right to have a union. U either support it or not.
#Libertarian Only in a need that has substance. Those variables #divideandconquer simply exist as they simply have proven itself to.
NO NISSANS IN MY DRIVEWAY!!!! 
You can see how well it worked in Detroit
how's that fbi investigation going @SenSanders ??
LOSER🖓🖓🖓🖓🖓🖓
Go back to 1 of your 3 mansions in your Lambo as preach about social justice you sell out!!
Unions are just money laundering services for the DNC 
Go get'em @SenSanders!
@SharylAttkisson Point noted.
In South Carolina, we have Boeing. They had a vote for a union last year. It lost. Boeing spend a lot of $$$ on commercials, on every hour.
Fight for your right to unionize. ! Your children will thank you '
I own a Nissan, and I regret it. Would not have bought it had I known they are union busters.
Unions now ! The only way to fight for a living wage !
go away
Why is the senator of Vermont in Mississippi fighting for unions right now?! Maybe he should be president!
Send them to Detroit show them the ghost towns the #Union made... I was there when #AmericaFirst was strong then taken by unions
Knock it off, old dog! Unions aren't always best. Been there, done that. Are the workers being mistreated? Do they earn a living wage?
Unions are not to great
Well, there's always Mexico. But the Dems and Unions just keep working to undermine POTUS every chance they get.
Yeah... but their in Mississippi... so they can kiss their Union dreams bye-bye. 
Bernie leave my job alone
Unions serve an important function as a check on unbridled corporate greed.
Current Nissan plant emoyees were working at other jobs making ~$12/hr.  Now avg of $26/hr w health ins+.    They should be satisfied!!!
fuck unions
MORE workers need to do this! There's more power in your workplace and even your Government when MORE Voices participate!
Bernie- your still an old man yelling at everyone....
@smoothsed
Simple, Nissan workers don't want the union. Why is that so difficult for you to understand?   Answer: You are a Socialist.
America NEEDS MORE UNIONS & LESS CORRUPT PRESIDENTS & UNLEADERS OUT FOR #1.
Oh. Go to Truth-Out and read about how the workers in Argentina are fighting against Pepsi.
@BernieSanders encourages union thugs like this bc he never discourages union violence.

Your going to jail bern
I work in a call center. Our employer has let it be known if we attempt to unionize we will be shut down.
Retire on an island somewhere.
Take a look at Cuba and Venezuela to get a look at what kind of future Socialist believe is a just society. Socialist R treasonous bastards
Unions promote racist affirmative action. MLK says we should judge a person by the content of his character, NOT by the color of his skin.
Why is it your GD business? Are you a worker? Are you corporate. Stay busy maintaining your 3 houses, none of which these workers can afford
This is not a new concept. You have zero original ideas. Sit and wait for your hospice, peaches and cottage cheese.  #MAGA
Yeah watch what happens when your job go to Mexico.
Stand up for freedom of speech and assembly!
RT, plz! Bernie cares more about workers than Big-Money-Corporate-Controlled-Dems, period.
Just remember every action has a consequence
Thank you, @SenSanders! #DoBetterNissan! Few fights are as important as the fight to #OrganizeTheSouth! #1u
Before Trump win the elections they could be forced to move to Asia to go after this job.
they will just end up pulling manufacturing out of US, unions are a poison. The leaders are corrupt, time to end all unions
Unions are bad
Lmao
What happens when the Union's power leads to hundreds of millions in unfunded pension liability? They are bankrupting city after city.
Man like Bernie for the people 
Wow! Donald Trump didn't see all of these black workers? Contributing and functioning.
They'll all be replaced by robots soon enough.
1800 spectrum techs in nyc have been on strike since march .media blovk out and we are suffering please help us
They are trying to negotiate at a dangerous time under wicked policy makers in Washington.  I do wish them luck. Hope labor laws are upheld.
Michael you twist the truth to favor the corporations try making America great and unionize
Support
At will employment is unfair and many corporations including foreign corporations exploit this. This needs to end!
Pass #EFCA
Not everyone wants a union.
Would like to see Nissan shut that plant down. My dream is start a company, wait till they unionize, then shut it down.
Go home Bernie - u only care about yourself
We've been asking the same questions, especially about Japanese companies, in the U.K. for years.
Hey Bernie they need you Venezuela
...And Dems prefer "leaders" who spent six years on the board of Walmart busting unions.

Meanwhile Today I get hit with a fucking $134 dollar bill for that socialist Bowel Movement Insurance called Obamacare I'm really pissed off
Stay away from our party ur going to make Dems lose!! Stop being selfish and acting like crossing parties is normal!!
I didn't feel the burn but that does't mean I don't like what you say. My grandpa is Russian jew from Milwaukee and his dad was an alderman
Which side are you on I'm stickn' to the union
1700 #local3 Techs are fighting a Union busting company #Spectrum Charter for 130 days for a #faircontract
@VinceBond86 They need the right to choose however. Women will not be free until we can control our own bodies.
You can't win a primary or even get your own graphics correct. Oh and your wife will soon be in cuffs over her fraud. Have a nice day!
My question is where are the Senators for Mississippi in this pro union uprising?   Could this simply  be a political opportunity 4 Sanders?
Godspeed!
Unions are like rotary phones and typewriters. Once needed, not anymore. Now all they do is protect the irresponsible worker.
.@SenSanders @UAW Why there're huge opponents against Union in Mississippi? It's very usual thing around the globe, isn't it?
It's a horrible situation to deal with. Have to fight your own gvmt for human right when you work you butt off.  Spirit to all of you
Unions are big business that support democrats, that is the only reason you support this effort.
lot of blame the union and the worker not the people making all of the big money!
Because unions are collectivism and they lose their individual right to be free thinkers and move up based on hard work and self drive!
#Socialism  alive, here & Venezuela, we'll kill it for good next cycle. Lesson learned from #SocialistGermany aka #Nazis
Sanders is just another whacked out fraud.
Unions are no longer needed
Bernie go away  Your hurting the Dem Party  We don't need nor want you
You can't be serious ,
UNIONIZE!
That's all you seem to do is applaud instead of take action! #UncleTwitterFingers
I'm #UnionStrong !
Why have NRLB if there are unions looking out for workers rights? Why do government workers need a union? Don't trust the government?
Unions were once vehicles for the betterment of workers but have outlived their useful to become cesspool for the corrupt and inept.
If they vote for the Union, pull the plant. Get a job at the dairy queen Canton.
Hey Nissan, Mexico has a lot more workers available now and no unions.  Bernie's plan makes cars unaffordable to his socialist followers
The hero of Canton, the man they call Bernie just doesn't have the same ring to it #Firefly but total kudos to all involved.
If its OK for a senator to be a millionaire with three homes, why isn't it a right for every American???
Old fart commie that has little followers but a Big Mouth.
Another DNC co-opt for money laundering and buying votes? How honest of you. Us bitter climbers & deplorables know you lie.
Unions only hurt Americans in the long run!
Old Bag Bernie is out to lunch and hasn't ever held a real job. @SenSanders @SharylAttkisson
With OSHA, state labor agencies, unions are a thing of the past, dues to support crooked politicians a good reason not to join unions
Have you ever belonged to a union, Bank Fraud Bernie? The DC cartel doesn't count!
The same reason the SC Boeing plant didn't want unions, higher wages to pay dues so they can support politicians they don't agree with!
Totally agree, also there is a typo in the subtitles as opposed to your words on the CEO's pay, you say million, subtitles say billion
Let them vote. Don't be shocked when the union loses. Don't give the unions the contact info.
Do for Mississippi what you did for Michigan. It too can be a wasteland in a decade or two.
They could always move the plant to Mexico.
We should learn from Nissan workers
Which of your 3 homes are you tweeting this from?
