The only reputable anchors on fox, the only things... that are reputable.
And of course many Fox viewers are up in arms not realizing that the little credibility Fox has left depends on them staying put
Now do you not see the hypocrisy? U understand Dems lost..but how are u people sooo naive and one sided? The hypocrisy is laughable.
And how are you people able to overlook the hourly lies by T and his hypocrisy about everything.
Has any candidate gone through a more rigorous attempt by Dems, people in his own party, and foreign entities, to find some scandal ??
Ken Starr went after Bill Clinton for years and the millions spent on investigation exposed that Bill got a BJ in the Oval Office.
Bill Clinton lied to congress..said nothing ever happened..lied to media and American people, disgraced the First Lady, and got away with it
He had an affair...which should have been between him and Hillary rather than wasting millions of tax payer $.
Nice poll, very unbiased. . . like Breitbart /s
they both say "No"
I like Sanders, and He's not a commie. nothing is wrong with being on the left.
You must know about the corrupt Sovietunion! It didn't bother you back then? Oh, wait! There were no free election in socialist countries.
I guess you like that Ronald Reagan redistributed $ in 1980 & gave it to the rich through tax cuts. The socialism is for the rich. Wise up!
Fox News has 2 hosts, Wallace and Shep Smith, who both lean left. And so many co-hosts Whereas CNN has noooo GOP supporters. Ever!!
U people critiquing fox should realize at least their talent isn't biased like CNN. Tell me one CNN,MSNBC host who is conservative
Neither should the Clinton Email scandal and the Dems treated it just like that..same with Benghazi
You actually waste your time listening to Fox (Unreal)News?
Yes why not see what they're saying
This is about the total sovereignty of the United States and our ability not to be divided & conquered by foreign threats!!!
Feel free to apply that to a Sec of state who was personally enriched by selling US uranium to Russia i.e....  ACTUAL collusion
Why didn't Hillary come clean then?
Chris Wallace is a Liberal with a bias against President Trump!
Poor Shep. Tilting at windmills.
#VeryFakeNews #BankFraudBernie
#AUnitedAmerica
Of course not. Someone should be looking into how much Russia helped you. How come you're not doing that? I'd think you'd want to know.
Nice!
I agree! Considering there isn't a shred of solid evidence that's ever been presented, it shouldn't be an issue at all!
How about repealing and replacing that horrible Obama care instead of caring about Russia nobody cares,  fix healthcare
This nightmare will end soon n' the clan of corrupted traitors bugs will see theirs lives living in federal cells. Come on, breaking news!
It shouldn't be. It should only be about the truth. TRUTH TRUTH TRUTH!
For once Bernie. We agree. Let's put it all out there. Get it done and move on
I think Mike Wallace was channeling Chris and saying "SON WTF just happened to our elections??!! Wake up, do your job!"
Was she cute?? That's all I want to know?? Lolo this thing with Russia. Is the biggest joke. I am not a Trump supporter. Enough is ENOUGH!!!
Pretty sure, one should consider this more of a greenhouse issue, or whatever party that Jill Green was a part of. #recountcitybitch
Should going after the Clinton Clan?
Why wasn't he concerned about the emails, IRS scandal, Uranium selling to the Russians, Obama saying I will be better help out of office.
When democrats' ties to Russia are ignored while Trump's are "proof of treason", I'll have to disagree.
One of the few honest people at Fox news
I thought the prerequisite for working at Fox News dishonesty and bias.
Most people would sooner listen to a lie told with unflinching confidence than a fact delivered with a less than certain voice...
It's not selling out if you would rather have the lesser of two evils once you lost. he and trump are opposites, completely.
No its not. He never said he would help trump
What fake news?
Nicely done video. But of course, #Fox is still Pravda, spewing propaganda non-stop. Shep Smith is allowed for a thin veneer of legitimacy.
Should be and American issue!!
United against the fraud in the WH!
#TrumpRussia
The bast of nosense excuses played by the GOP to avoid the persecution of those traitors to our nation, to our people is unacceptable!
That guy is fakenews - like you.
Bernie 2020!!!!
A honest Fox broadcaster? How refreshing!
2/2 Clintonist Morons will continue to paint him as a Putin bot or whatever, but he keeps the primary issues--healthcare, reform etc-at fore
Bernie is paying his dues to Democratic obsession with Russian bs, but at least has the sense to make it about something relevant. 1/2
FOR CHRIST'S SAKE PEOPLE THERE IS NO RUSSIA TRUMP CONNECTION. 

THERE IS A HILLARY RUSSIA COLTON, FRAUD, TREASON CONNECTION.
And neither should the crimes you and your wife committed but your trying to make one
What he said!
I worked with women who were "educated" in Bulgaria and were taught that the holocaust was made up by the U S to make ourselves look mighty.
Trump supporters be like
It worked for Hillary Clinton 31 times to Congress
How much does the trump family owe to the Russians. Putin is punking the trumps as well.
I think the Russians are laughing their ass off. They have been able to make our government look stupid.
As @JaredBeck says, getting to the bottom of #DNC 's corrupt ties to HRC should not be a Democrat versus Republican issue. #DNCFraudLawsuit
http://jampac.us/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/042517cw2.pdf …
I agree. Its a you voted for this stupid foolishness. So the Adams family is back on.
I think it's just BS to keep non radical right  viewers around to listen to the real message of hate.
Neither should climate change or equal pay. Health insurance for all is also not partisan but with a toddler in the WH, we go no where.
Soon.  @realDonaldTrump
Soon. @realDonaldTrump
CW has been consistent from the very beginning starting with pres debates & that's very admirable of him. His journalism has been impartial!
!!!
GET OFF IT, BERN.
EVEN US DEMS ARE SICKENED BY THIS CONTINUOUS DNC HOGWASH!
I hope they impeach his stupid ass he has no right being in the White House
Finally, someone you can trust (?)
Well Bernie, if you said it, then what?
I agree.
DT's issue is discovery of all his biz connections in Russia.
Bernie save us run for President with Joe Kennedy as your VP
What about Bill and Hilary's ties to Russia?
How is trump jr not in jail rn for espionage? Guess the laws don't apply if your rich.
Why do we celebrate anchors on fox FINALLY telling the truth about trump and his circus family?
Holy cow Batman! Even #FauxNews has seen the light!!
But this is the same thing that happened in the primary 
Using delgets to tell the people their votes don't count.
The lies the of media
Someone on Faux that has a BRAIN! Wow, that's a FIRST!
THE EMAILS ARE TRUE. What's written is in their own words It's not hire the info became known it's what they've said Pedophilies raping kids
Should have spoken out long before this.  To defend Trump means you have no true love for this country and for what so many gave their lives
Normally I'd agree about that but they're too many Republicans that colluded with Donald Trump and his boyfriend Vladimir Putin
So more than a year in, and nothing, yet still digging. What next for the witch hunt, dunking stools? #Pathetic #GarbagePolitics
Shouldn't you be more concerned with Hillary stealing the Dem. Nomination from you @SenSanders
Why is nobody going after the documented criminals? Comey, Lynch and BOTH Clinton's DID try to influence our election, committed crimes..etc
Damn @SenSanders these people screwed you hard. If you wanted to do what's right, you would go after these criminals. #StopSeparation
And please make sure the we also investigate the Clinton Foundation ties with the funding it received after the uranium deal.
It's nice to see Fox News admitting Trump is a liar and they're hiding!
You would have been president of you didn't drop out of the race. I voted for you anyway.
Fraud by colleges should be a democrat versus republican issue either.
How do people say nothing is there unless they can see Mueller's notes and findings?  Stupid people!
Simple answer is because A Lie begets another Lie.
I actually like this guy. He's asking all the right questions - ones which all republicans should be asking.
Getting to a person who owns 3 houses and NEVER worked in the private sector!!! Mmmm

Do you think the Liberal Losing Democrats really care  They just don't want President Trump to succeed that's all it is.  Dems fixed theirs
The only tues to Russia Bernie is Killary and Barry..because he's flexible and she passed out Uranium

Thank you, bernie! 
Shouldn't be an issue at all!   Now Hillary yes!  So corrupt and nobody cares!  What is wrong with people??
"Campaign ties to Russia shouldn't be an issue." Seems like a pretty stupid thing to say. Russia is not an ALLY. It's an AXIS.
So says the expert
Why didn't anyone care about Hilary's connection to Russia? There's proof she received huge bribes throughout her career.
Wallace and Smith are outliers at Faux News
Or lack thereof.
Trump brought down America
Why all the lies? If you grow up with A father who lies every day you might follow in his footsteps
Trump is the head clown of the circus. He needs to be fired.
Hey old fool Bernie how about the lie after lie of your chubby wife?oh right she is a woman!! oh that FBI!! Rascals!
At this point in time, #Unity would be the best next move. What's our next move?
Because TRUMP is in RUSSIA pockets & colluded with them his actions tells me I can smell It to know what's on my shoes
it's defenantly NOT a Democrats vs. #Republiklans issue it's solely a #twittertrump problem #TrumpLies #ImpeachTrump #impeach45 #not1more
Yes lock them up
Focus on real issues & stop acting like the rest of corporate Democrats . Democrats lost the election because the people rejected them
Well Shep, it's simple really. They're all a bunch of liars and bullshiters.
If law were broken bring out the evidence and start prosecuting. Why keep raising the alarm if you don't have evidence?
To Pressure POTUS Russians leaked emails to NYT putting Junior in the hot seat what does Putin want use POTUS SON For leverage
Well when you have Graham and McCain not pushing it and a very weak Ryan plus a self serving McConnell, this is what is going to happen
Why lie after lie?  Trump doesn't know how to tell the truth.
Did you support Bernie and  or Hillary Ms. Handler?
Word.
It isn't an issue, however the dems are milking it till the titty runs dry
I cant stand faux news.  But Chris Wallace  brings journalistic integrity to Fox news.  Maybe faux should follow his lead.
It's an America issue!
The media and the Democratic party need to stop pushing that narrative. Investigate whatever you want. When done give results, with PROOF.
A glimmer of respectability from Fox
Why? His "campagne" consisted of acting like a lowbrow comedian...
Wow I thought Fox News and Trump were besties
And DT thinks FOX likes him?!
looks like fox news is finally getting that come to Jesus moment
Shep & Chris are the good guys at Fox,
So true Bernie.
I cannot believe that I agree with him
#InvokeThe25thAmendment
Immense respect for these guys for being committed to their viewpoints, can't be easy for them!
Didn't you get screwed over by the Dems?  Maybe we should ask @CNN about giving your opponent debate questions?  #NothingToSeeHere
How is this different from Hillary's campaign colluding with Russians to get the peepee tape. No one cares Bernie. Don't do the Russia BS
ok. Then look at all politicians on that issue! Not just Trump & family! It will stop when Dems are implicated!
it's just too much!! fox, trump, republicans, the ignorance and demise of our highest elected office. its now a joke... suck it!!!
Nor should it be a party issue getting to bottom of Clinton cllussion with Russia and Ukraine.
CNN Fraud News
Trump is a symptom
Trump is s failure...a failure of our system
YES and NO
YES- because democrats honestly can not handle loosing with dignity & focus on next election and helping trump voters to include them.
Getting to the bottom of the scandals in the Obama administration should be the issue !
You Studied Marxism in Russia when it was the Soviet Union and after that you Honeymooned in the Soviet Union TERM LIMITS 

I'm GLAD that falling for my #TrumpRussia FICTION is a #Bipartisan affair!
MWAHAHAHA!
#KweenHillz
#TheEmpressOfDoom
It should not be a democrat http://v.republican  issue but it will be.  Kushner and Jr meeting the KGB is excusable to republicans
It is nothing but a Democrat false narrative to damage Trump. Lie lie lie!
both are registered democrats

I think most people are not, nor should be concerned about it. Our election system silences dissent, so WE THE PEOPLE have little say in it.
True. BTW, how's that fraud investigation thing coming along?
The corporate media gave Trump unprecedented 247 access to the airwaves to divert attn from the socialist packing the house countrywide.
Investigate the phony Democratic primary before worrying about Russia. They didn't shut down the roads to HRC's tiny rallies.
Bank fraud
I'm waiting for you all to wake up. Presidents aren't chosen and elected. They are groomed. None  would piss on you if you were on fire.
And Sanders? Right in the mix of it all keeping the establishment intact. That's what it's all about. Change? Nope, all stays the same.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi @SenKamalaHarris @SenSanders EVEN FOXnews sees #DonTheCon for who he is
You watch FoxNews now?
It's an America issue
Not Partisan, Patriotism.
How's the investigation on your wife going? #hypocrisy
We need to get to the bottom of your wife's corruption and laundering money
It is a Dem vs Rep issue.  Out of all the Dems in House and Senate name one that defends @POTUS. Still waiting. You see Dems are partisan.

I just think after 911....any country tells me something factual about USA...I listen
I think u should stop with the Trumps and start taking care of the wife before the prison system does it for u.
What did Putin and Trump talk about for an hour at the G20 Leadership Dinner?
Only thing missing was some #pussyhat& #resist signs. Two liberals got confused with each other bc they heard @CNN was hiring. Go represent
Too damm late too say that
Bahaha
And the investigation of your wife for #BankFraud should not be attributed to #Sexism.  #BankFraudBernie #FeelTheBern
If NOTHING ELSE, Republicans should get him out 2 save party & face.B the the Bus, not the ones who get run over by it.Which end do U wannaB
