I hope that includes our elected officials. Time for all of you to use the same health care and retirement systems the rest of us use
Thank you, Senator! Proud to have voted for you!
For all of you thanking her, ask her what healthcare her and her family are on. That alone should tell you something is not right! Come on!
For all except the government like yourself? Are you going to pay for It? Healthcare just like failing countries, what could go wrong!!??
Thank you @SenatorShaheen for supporting health care for ALL Americans!
Take some time to learn more about what Medicare for All truly is from ALL points of view - you might be pleasantly surprised.
Since you support it can you give us realistic numbers on how you plan on funding this and what will be cut by doing so?
Nothing will be cut except the private premiums you currently pay
Ok so you are saying that what i pay for my private premium will now pay say three other people and my taxes won't go up to cover it?  Cool
Unless you're the ~2%, the tax increase will be less than your current insurance premiums. See the net gain?
.@SenatorShaheen

A little bit late. Hoping to hop on the train?
It's a free vote for Dems with Trump in office—they and their megadonors know it won't make it into law.
How is it paid for. What is the cbo score?
Single Payer Healthcare is a moral imperative! 24 of 25 Democratic countries ALL Agree.
Why do foreigners come to US for medical treatment?
Who is going to pay for it? Medicare is going broke!
Which of our other "fundamental" individual rights requires the non-voluntary services of another individual?  Yay socialism.  Cringe.
Where were you last year??  Why should we believe one of the most conservative Democrats in America who had her head up the Shill's arse?
Will Senator's and Rep's be part of the #MedicareForAll proposal or will you continue to have your cadillac plans at taxpayer's expense?
Agree but don't think this is the solution.
It's about time. Too bad u didn't support the people's choice: #BernieSanders #DemExit
Another socialist in the Senate.
Thank you.
So you're on board, but you don't think it's a realistic plan, and you know for certain it won't pass.  Making things happen 
For a country our size a mix of free market and government option(ala Australia) is ideal.  This bill is unfundable and unsustainable.
THANK YOU!!! Proud of my Senator today! #MedicareForAll
Government can't run VA & Medicare is going broke! Government has NO business in OUR health care!
GOV pay ALL healthcare? It doesn't make sense! Working people (MILs) have path now. Poor have path. Something is very wrong. U don't see it?
Please show us where in the Constitution the federal government has this power.
Now we know you are a full-blown Marxist. If government controlled healthcare is so good, fix the VA before subjecting the rest of us to it.
Thank you!!!!
Have you figured out how to pay for this new entitlement? After this can you work on getting everyone a vacation home...like Bernies?
If estab Dems are sincere, they'll keep accountable the nay sayers, otherwise it's just decorations
I’m supporting @SenSanders Medicare For All Act because I believe healthcare should be a fundamental right. My full statement: 
Great! Thanks!
Yes, but we have an immediate crisis looming - have to kill the Graham-Cassidy bill. Call attention to this - could pass in September!!!!
Thank you!!
Statements "healthcare is a fundamental right" are easy. Does it translate to "panniculectomy post bariatric surgery is a fundamental right?
Thank you!!
Thank you for supporting Senator Sanders Medicare for All!
I wish Utahns had Senators that supported this!  @senorrinhatch  & @SenMikeLee
Good move ! So where is @SenatorHassan at?
Thank you so much!!  <3 This is the kind of thing that makes me proud to have you as my senator and hopeful in the democratic party
Thank you!
What good is health if I don't have a roof over my head and something to eat?  Free homes and free food for all .
awesome...time to get your colleague @SenCortezMasto on board.
Thank you. Sincerely.
~Signed, Small Biz Owner and wife of a cancer survivor
Fantastic!
But it isn't a right. Health insurance is a product. Insurance now unaffordable because of the D's (and only them) forced ACA upon us all.
How are you going to pay for it? Where's the money coming from.
Are you a co-sponsor or just supporting @BernieSanders #Medicare4All #SinglePayer heathcare bill?
Same old healthcare = same problems, cures nothing + too expensive! Need new perspective.  Why shift the payer wo improving the system
Thank you! It's the right thing to do.
or will it be called Medicare For All, Unless You Are a Politician?
I'm on Medicare it's not great. Health conditions should be between doctor and patients government. Needs to stay out.
Explain how you're going to pay for it
Thank You!!!
Healthcare a right?  You have the right to remain silent.
Thank you Senator!  #MedicareForAll
Idiot.
amen sister
thank you for supporting universal health care and, by extension, all of us. this could unite the left.
So would you support removing the exemption for the Senate and Congress that you all now enjoy?
Thank you!
Thankyou @SenatorShaheen & mucho love to Bernie!!!
Thank you @SenatorShaheen

Thank you, Senator Shaheen, for doing what is right! The people will #NeverForget this! #MedicareForAll
Health care cannot be a "fundamental right" when it requires the expertise and knowledge of others.
its not a right. Opportunity to have a good job is a right. Democrats are preventing Americans from getting good jobs to pay for healthcare.
Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you!

@SenSanders should be our President!
@HillaryClinton should be found guilty of rigging Election!
So is the Dem Party just folding up and going home now? How do they possibly think this is a good idea?
#PeopleFirst
Show me the price tag.  If you'll need to raise taxes to pay for this, then count me out.
Thank you.
Repeal and replace Obamacare.   @SenSanders bill is nonsense.
No.
Show me where in the constitution it says that
agreed, we need to make it a right. No one should go bankrupt due to health issues.
you think you aren't going to benefit? That people are  ill only because they don't take care of themselves? you are not too intelligent
lol. Stop channelling Rush, Sean and the other Right Wing, profit before people blow hards. You will benefit, you just can't admit it
Easy to be pressured into wagon when your not covered by it or have to pay for it. Who is paying for this 'All' coverage w/ 20T deficit?
Unless it's a natural right or in the Constitution, it's not a fundamental right.
Anything that relies on the labor, wealth, or property of other individuals can never be a fundamental right.
thank you!
First time I have ever been unsupportive of you.  You are not investigating the why Medicare works for the elderly.
I think we should still call it Obamacare
The irony of your sentence is palpable.
No, it is NOT a right.  And YOU have no way to pay for it.  YOU and @SenSanders will completely destroy America.  #StopTheInsanity  #NOBern
Why isn't it a "right" explain pls. We have the means and themethod to pay ( taxation = your contribution to a livable society.
We already see how inefficient govt is and we want them to take over???  At a minimum $2k a month in tax increase.  Plus more to cover poor.
you know what? without insurance premiums to pay most folks should save money even if taxes do go up. Its being a decent human being
Oh play the "humanity" card.  That $2k or more is 7 times what I pay in premiums.  You are crazy to think Dems have a good plan.
If you pay less than 2K congrats, you have a nice plan. Or does you employer contribute too? That cuts your pay.
Thank you
Now is the BEST in the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 vote majority NOW.
