No! North Korea & Iran are the aggressors. POTUS is working to protect America & allies. Obama, weak & confused, allowed both to threaten.
Trump is like a "bad dad" who picks a fight with the "Hells Angels" while his kids sit in the car... "terrified'.  Not feeling safe dude. 
Trump is not responsible for NK or Iran's pursuit of nuclear weapons
No... he's responsible for them using them... 
Um wrong, specifically Iran said they would use them years ago.. So you are ok with them having these weapons?
The USA has them and I'm terrified.. No one should have them...
I get not liking Trump for whatever reason u have
but the left/world sympathizing with a regimes that have tormented their own people for years. Just because you are against him. Idiotic
Hey Bernie move to Canada!!

Too ignorant to realize im not a Trump supporter. Typical liberal
By starting three wars that our children will fight, we are gifting them world peace.  *pats self on back*
In case you haven’t noticed we’re threatening them with nukes too so how does that make us any better?
what do you guys smoke in South?
I gather U think the "right response" is 2 go in turn NK 2 ashes 1st? if U can't tell the diff btw reality & a bluff learn how 2play poker
And your policy would have us the victims of a nuclear bombing in the near future. Get a clue dude
oh yeah we're definitely doing better in that regard. definitely dont have a nuclear war being ramped up on twitter.

Also nice warmongering article with 0 proof behind it. Live scared man.
Try reading for a change
Yeah the argument is literally 'if we looked harder we would see they are lying!!!' but I trust the UN more than I trust freebeacon lmao
You need to get out of your mom's basement more often
Man, I guess you should have conceded June 7th and not radicalized your cultists into believing Hillary was the devil, huh?
Happy now Burner?
You can’t blame Bernie for Chump.
Bernie or bust remember?  Burn it all down.  Isn't that where we are?  Despicable.  Undoing everything PBO did.
Bernie supported H after primaries. Told his supporters to vote for H. Tried to help her after primary. Bernie not the enemy.
Actuslly he said he would do what he could to keep DT out. Pretty weak supporter.  Went home & wrote a book 1st
Maybe if you hadn’t help sabotage @HillaryClinton’s candidacy & America’s chance to get a real president, then this wouldn’t be an issue.
Hey I supported her, voted for her and did everything I could.  I live in Louisiana a red red state and worked anyway on phone banks!
I didn’t mean you, Carroll . I was addressing this to @SenSanders who after sabotaging HRC’s run now complains about the idiot in office.
And you sir will have blood on your hands. Remember HRC was as bad as Trump?  Complicit.  History will not judge you kindly. Russia.
Democrats put us on the path to war when they signed a nuclear agreement with Iran and let N. Korea gain Nukes Democrats are the disaster
The, "Trump Administration." Remember, YOU, your, "Voters," & @SusanSarandon helped them win. #GOPFifthColumn #RESISTANCE
Everything about Trumplethinskin is a disaster.
Then how else do we end that awful DPRK regime in Pyongyang? Or, to liberals think it is winderful treating people as chattel?
Time to stop Trump before he uses nuclear weapons
Bernie, you still glad you took Hillary's buyout and lost the rigged election?  For a socialist you drive a 1%er car! You have no cred man!
Nice facts and figures!  "No brain" sounds like a great argument.  I bet your IQ is so high:)  really that's your response to facts laid out
With all the free stuff you would be giving out we'd be bankrupt if your were president. I've got out and worked for everything I have.
Then you shouldn't have allowed your supporters to destroy HRC's chances of winning. She was the lesser of 2 evils. Now we all pay.
this is so scary, please stop talking abou the nfl ,trump!
This is a subject I cant decipher. I think Trump's escalating tensions at a foolish and rapid rate; but i agree something must be done #torn
Bernie are you really that ignorant?
I thought that it was North Korea and Iran that were not following rules? About time there is a President with a spine!  Watch and learn
When your worst monsters are afraid (Tillerson) its probably time to stock some emergency supplies.
US foreign policy has been off and inconsistent, especially under Obama, and with no consistent direction under DNC. Inaction stagnant blind
Let war happen... Let trump get himself as well as all the selfish and corrupt republitards killed. The world will be better without them.
Shut up. You're useless. Out-of-touch rants and no results.
@TomArnold @NewYorker follow the money.  Which corporations would benefit and how are they connected to our lame duck president
Yes Comrade Sanders
He needs a war to stay in power! No matter the cost....
Well Bernie, what would you do... wait for NK to nuke Tokyo, Seoul, Guam? How'd the 6 Party Talks work out?
President Trump knows how to get things done unlike you Bernie you and Hillary needs to get out of the way and let us get things done.
Bernie,YOU helped put us on the path to war in Yugo. YOU voted to continue funding the attacks on Iraq. YOU voted to to attack Afghanistan.
So STOP HIM! YOU'RE A SENATOR,YOU'RE IN A POSITION TO INFLUENCE THE GOP TO DO WHAT'S RIGHT FOR AMERICA. DO SOMETHING BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.
Path 2 war is all little brain Kim's fault. Little brain Kim is the bully by starting a fight. POTUS doesn't start fights, he finishes them.
I’m convinced this man could slaughter a kid on live tv and get away with it. He’s just a celebrity, certainly doesn’t understand the position of the POTUS.
The POTUS must be Impeached Now! We need to get rid of him, he is not capable to be President. He will get millions of lives killed!
Bernie your a wuss! Our country is N this mess because of U,the Demi’s/wearing blinders/if we ignore the threats they will go away!Really?
Obama's say nothing do nothing and avoid at all cost method really paid off Obama didnt even have foreign policy Anything beter than nothin
Trump's foreign policy amounts to asking Bannon what he should do and then grabbing his ass and jumping. Oh, and sending Kushner. Good god.
And you haven't invoked the 25th yet because.....???
Time to impeach. Take away his keys,codes, and passwords. He is NOT WELL.  Before it’s to late.
@SenSanders please gather your colleagues and stand up to Trump before bombs start dropping.  It can't be won on twitter.
He has no concept of foreign policy and where on earth is the senate and congress at???
"On the path to war?"  We are at war in 7 to 8 countries that we know of, inherited. War hawks circling in congress for war $profiteering.
U should be stopped
War may be the answer.
@SenSanders I don't agree often with you, but your 100% right on this. Let's hope checks and balances prevail until he's gone.
Can someone restrain that big mouth 'moron' from blundering into WWIII. Seriously. As a non-American I am terrified by consequences
I fully agree with you. But on the other hand, you must stop Kim Jong-un activities too. how?


Bernie NK says this will end n war. The only way that talkin will work w/ NK is by removin Trump from office. He pushed NK 2 far

Bernie, there u r again thkg ppl R following u, what wld you do bernie quite,surely by now Bernie. Is a home out there missing a patient?

What policy?
His tweet whatever thought has entered my mind foreign policy
And they worry about our President tweeting to much --- hahahaha! Old Bernie whines about everything, no solutions - just a big complainer!!
Someone needs to put Trump's brain back in his head and out of hospital butt!!
I meant to say he needs to get his head out of his ass!!
It's a logical extension of Obama's neocon inspired foreign policy and propaganda, well as your own, unfortunately.
They all need to be impeached. Start fresh with a new election and have Obama serve until there's a new president.
Bernie talking TRASH  again, he and McCain are Traitors to our country Objectionist clogging wheels of progress
Why don't you advise and work together instead of pushing fear?
We've been at war since 2001 what's new? Democrats haven't cared for 8 years.
You have it backwards Bernard. This is America and we lead. Your party has done enough to erode our country. Go take a nap so we can fix it.
That’s his purpose.   God, I hope that the military does not go along with him.

I heard you were appointed special envoy to pyong yang, bernie. Check with travel office for your visa and tickets.
Impeach before war, please
Move to get Trump our of office before something awful happens.
We all can only pray for sane resolution to the Trump mess. I hope the Republican party wakes up before it 's too late!
Trump HAS no Foreign Policy - nor indeed ANY policy. He's a pull-string dummy with tourettes.
Sanders that started at Clinton, when he gave NK, the starting building blocks to make a bomb.
We all know N Korea’s goal of unification. We’re in the way. History says that there eventually going to take a swing at us
War.  And it won't be with guns it will be nuclear.   We need to get him out of office...he's dangerous.
Absolutely.  If he doesn't stop his bully behavior we will be in another
Don't you have another bank to rob?
Level headed Americans are putting our faith in Congress to act and block Trump's actions that may further incite N. Korea.
And why is that any different from the behavior of LBJ and FDR?
Rex is too close to Putin for my likes but he's what we have for now. Let him do his job.
You are such a downer on pretty much everything
Coming from the party that gave us the disaster in the Middle East. #nocredibility
Was Roosevelt’s foreign policy a disaster too. He didn’t say anything bad but maybe stop Warmongering to Japan what happened?
U campaign for office. How about campaigning to raise money to get trump out of office?
Well Senator. How about doing something about Trump instead of tweeting. I can’t believe u rich mofos just complain and don’t do anything
Name 3 currently bad policy points leading "us" to war as they only pertain to Trump, please.
Putin is loving this!!
Understatement

You, Bernie Sanders, have become a part of the Democrat Problem. FACE FACTS, Democrats used Election Fraud in the Primaries
says who? Trump, Brietbart? That is bs
Hi, you seem to be a baby troll. I'm fed up with Democrats and their vile Anti American language. Hence, blocking you is in order 
As if! It's Democrats inciting war with Russia over the FAKE Russian meddling in General Election rhetoril.
He has done more than the last 3 president
Totally agree. America needs more investments to create jobs instead of waisting the peoples money in stupid wars that only cause pain
It's a mess of their own creation
I blame you. You split apart a party you never belonged to and allowed this idiot into office.
Mr. Sanders slowly ppl waking up 2 seeing Socialism ends up bad for Greeks and Venesualians. SAD.
Slight correction needed:
"The Trump administration is putting us on the path to MORE war."
still has several active wars going! #GWoT
Rex Tillerson is one of the best Secretary of State . I like Rex Tillerson and wish him perfectly accomplish his duty .
This is a White House looking for fights, not solutions. We the People desperately need Congress and the Courts to be the checks & balances.
Tell the truth Bernie. Stop trying to line your pockets.
You are a big joke Bernie!!!!
The path to war was set by the last president. That POS sold out America and set the course where our adversaries feel emboldened.
Mr Sanders, I have wondered if you were loosing your mind. Thanks for tweeting this and confirming it for me and the rest of the world.
#bankfraudbernie
#NotMyPresident
It's not just Trump's foreign policy a disaster, it's the economy, the unity, everything is a disaster in Trump's hands.
So a Senior Senator from let’s say, Vermont might want to sponsor some legislation requiring congressional authorization to use military per
You don't know what you're talking about Bernie?
Yes. So please stop tweeting and do whatever you have to do to get rid of that lunatic. How can we support you in that?
I don’t think taking a harder stance against countries and groups who have repeatedly said they want to attack us is a bad thing
Stop being such a p@#$y...
Agree so do your job impeach.
8 yrs of failed feckless #Obama and liberal socialist fantasy world policy got us here . . . Thanks Bernie & #Democrats! #msnbc #cnn #Trump
Wow!
Trying to save his approval rating by being “war time” president. Napoleon Complex much Donny Littlehands?
Bernie what is your solution to N Korea and Iran. Should we just give them more money so they cad build their weapons faster. Wake up 
God forbid
Yes. Yes. Yes.
And what would be your suggestion in regards to North Korea? Ignore the fact they have been paid and then broken their agreements time and
Time again. The status quo has failed time and time again and has given us a North Korea that is a threat to the stability of the region and
Our allies in the area.
Must be stopped? He's the President. What exactly are you urging your followers to do, Sen. Sanders?
Inevitable, Trump war in Asia or Hillary war with Russia, brought to you by who Eisenhower warned us of, The Military Complex!
We are in real trouble, Trump is unstable and devolving from the stress
Seriously. Says the conscientious objector and do nothing about the VA asshole
Do something than, and don’t just tweet.  Call for a march on Washington, organize the Congress to invalidate the election, Impeach, etc!!!
Well I hope your fellow colleagues are paying attention My children and all children deserve a chance to live!
WRONG ONCE AGAIN BERNIE! OBAMA&CROOKED HILLARY CLINTON started us on this path to war with their PUTRED and dangerous WEAK policies!
45 behavior proves his co-option! Putin playbook for destruction of US influence, & leadership is 45's guide to make Russia the Greatest
Might I suggest switching from Kool-aid to something with a little less sugar
In the war against North Korea,Japan will be battlefields. Foolishly, Japan's prime minister, Abe' is fueling President Trump to wage war.
He unfit to lead, we must impeach Trump.
So many socialist idiots on this thread. I guess you liberals think American can do socialism better. Not in America!
We have this PROBLEM. 
You were convinced that you would be more USEFUL in the Senate. UP Shit's Creek has ensued.
WRONG. "Rocket man" has made that choice. #fn
Totally agree!
Liar
He is like a child with matches in a dynamite depot. Not quite the question IF it blows up - but only when.
It’s amazing that I’m at the point that I feel bad for the Exxon Kingpin...and rooting for him too #DarkDays
25 plus years of bad policy put us on this path! Strategic Patience did nothing but help secure a piss poor Iran deal! Get a clue Senator!
What can we do to stop him? Congress needs to start impeachment proceedings.
U mean u want to go back to surrendering to our enemies?
Which super hero can we call, to stop him?!
Trump must be stop, foreign policy is a disaster
Do you ever have anything positive to say.  Your name should be Doomsday.
We need all congress to band together to stop this reckless president. Unfortunately there are those GOP who rather risk global destruction.
On this issue, I disagree with Sanders. Kim Jong Un is putting us on a path to war by not denuclearizing. Jong Un has an opening talks....
It is sounding as though Sanders would have the world and America surrender to China and the tyranny in N. Korean. Then what? Evil wins!
y not ask him instead of assuming
We need Mr Tillerson more than we need @potus.
Bernie, please at least stop shaming yourself by digging in the gutter and find a viable source. You are nothing but a bag of wind.
well stop it then Bernie, damn!
Idiot try to drain the weinstein swamp and you will solve the rest!!! #usa #USA
President Trump gave a speech to all of Arabia. That speech was something no other head of state would do. That alone sets the tone for ever
We have already seen the President launch missiles in Syria without informing the senate.  I hope the senate has put contingencies since.
That's what we need let's go he's the commander-in-chief young pussyfoots in the past have a lot of money but no balls
Trump’s? You mean the neocon deep state. The Mccain, Kagan, Cohn etc... what would you do against the supremacist syndicate governing DC?
Lame
President Trump to you you askhole and Obama already done that put on the path to war with his chicken crap policies
Is that’s why he had a meeting with Kissinger lately? @POTUS can’t go on War by his own decision only, as you know.
No YOU are putting us on a path to a CIVIL war
Coming from a liberal radical!
Not wanting to have our country blown up by an orange lunatic’s inability to control his Twitter rants doesn’t seem “radical” to me
1. We are already at war.
2. America is always on a path to war.
3. Obama promised ends to war and brought us more war.
4. You don't help.
Congress must do its job! Stop this crazy, ignorant man!
Stay there, u should be able to speak your mind. Everyone has their right , don’t be a yes person 
Sen. Sanders, Please stop distracting the men in the Whitehouse from doing their important work. I’m sure you don’t understand the issues.
Don’t let 45 get to you, that’s what he does, he’s like a sliver, get under your skin, so u leave, just what he wants!
We haven't been out of war since the end of WW2-Wars in Vietnam, Cold War, Korea, Iraq, Panama, War on Drugs, Poverty, and Terrorism.
@realDonaldTrump it’s ‘foreign’ in that its alien to the #MoronInChief - basically it doesn’t exist! It’s a post @foxnation tweet storm
Says a socialist/communist from Vermont. That only wants to give stuff away you clearly don't know who pays the bills. #Taxpayers1st
What makes it so you fool? You were part of the cartel that gave Iran a position of leverage by giving them $150 billion under night' cover.
I'm afraid he's unstopable...
willing to buy a Democrat with a set of balls, anyone anyone....
You mean like EVERY administration?
Impeach, please.
POTUS wants a war that would give the reason to declare Marshall law and rule with complete control including stopping 2018 elections
DEAR GOD PLZ RUN IN 2020.  I Don't agree with all ur policies, but we just need someone who is loved and will WIN!!!
