Universal healthcare doesn't fix the core problem which is cost of healthcare. it only spreads the costs across all tax payers.
Thus making it more affordable for everyone.
A tax payer should be forced to pay for something to make it more affordable for someone else?
Tell me do you control your tax money now? Do you have ANY say where it goes? All of a sudden it will help others out and you care?
I have always cared. I care becsuse there are better ways and I don't want to see taxes, and our debt, continue to rise.
but your ok with them going on walls and war?
No, I'm against that as well. I'll have this exact same type of conversation on a conservative page.
Imagine your tax $ you never see being used to help others mate- lowers cost for everyone and you are covered to - welcome to UHC
I got thrown off healthcare two years ago, Democrats did nothing but raise my tax penalty.
That's because of the greed of health insurance companies
I believe if our government officials have healthcare so should it's citizens!
Francis only supports insurance companies
Why not?
You may say healthcare isn't a right, but a healthy population does lead to a stronger workforce and greater GDP...
you have the right to emergency services, not universal healthcare.
If you're against America being a strong nation, then you should move
If you want socialized medicine you should move. There are plenty of countries to choose from.
Our Vets, elderly, and poor seem to appreciate socialized medicine... 
PS, you hate America
i pay for healthcare because the VA is horrid. Be an adult.
Ok guy with two first names... I guess because you say so, the VA helps no one. 
PS, you hate America
Why is public education a right, but not healthcare?
Don't let the Republicans hear that education is a right, they'll break that too.
I almost forgot about Betsy DeVos and her agenda...
Health care is not a human right.
wheres the dems plan to repair?
They don't have one. Sat for eight yrs watching it implode and did nothing.
They should have heavily penalized the predatory insurance companies, it's true.
Totally agree. Because they watched the middle and lower class struggle to figure out how to live on this is very sad.
No government control!  No globalization!!
Why are so many convinced corporations do so much of a better job? We have 1 of highest premiums & costs & some of the worst care.
There's no right to someone else's labor. That's slavery.
So you're fine with massive tax breaks for the ultra wealthy who make millions off the backs of those making minimum wage?
put yourself in a position to make more than minimum wage. Minimum skills = minimal money
That'd be easier if we'd fix our shit education system with 30+ kids per classroom, barely any personal help per student, low teacher pay...
Agreed, let's get government out of the way so we can improve education!
Private education isn't any better. Look up stats on schools in the Nordic countries. That's what we need to be the best
Nordic countries are a mess
How about we become fiscally responsible and pay down our 20 trillion dollar debt before you go after more of the entitlement voters!
Howabout trump fulfills his promise of getting the cost of medicines down to reasonable levels
yeahhh hes been keeping all his other promises so im sure he'll do that too.... 
You mean like the promise to repeal and replace Obamacare lol 
If you have to take from one person to give to another IT"S NOT A RIGHT! But then you lived off someone else your whole life so no concept
To look at something as though we had never seen it before requires great courage. @SenSanders @BarackObama
The rest of the industrialized world is bankrupt.
13m of those are illegal immigrants = DESERVE NOTHING

9m have a choice to not be mandated to pay for H/C 
However would this include drug coverages?
How about you use some of that money you stole to pay for the coverage of a few less fortunate communist. #Robin_DaBank
Senator Socialism at it once again. America was based on the premise of rewarding the hard working. #Obamacare failed so back to capitalism!
Mr. Sanders, America is not the rest of the World we are set apart for the Gospel of CHRIST. #TRUMP2020. Happy 4th of July!
and look where its got us... white ppl lmfao
You can actually do that Bernie... write an amendment to the constitution that does that and get it approved
Do you understand how constitutional amendments happen?
Health care is not a right.
14th amendment, section 1. As well as "provide for the general welfare" in the constitution. It is a right
"General welfare" is the most abused clause in the Constitution...health care was not a "right" Then, nor is it now...u dnt hav 2 pay 4 a rt
It wasn't a right in a society that was still suffering from fucking smallpox and yellow fever. That was 200 years ago, it's a right now
More college students could afford health care if your wife wasn't out bankrupting colleges.
We are not a socialist country and don't want to be
our U.S. military is a very clear manifestation of socialism. look at healthcare as practiced in the Air Force.
Are you going to pay for it with your lottery winnings? Hell maybe China will buy our bonds forever even if we can't pay them back!
Your taxes will pay for it, dude. It's just like paying insurance...
Until they spend it all on welfare for illegal aliens!
350m Americans will be covered, that's all you need to concern yourself with.
Unless Sanders is in jail with his wife why didn't @HillaryClinton do that during the primary.
Why didn't she do what?
Put Sanders and his wife in jail would have been simpler that conspiring with the DNC.
Oh ok... I've no idea. Think we've gone a little off topic.
"throwing off" = not forcing them to buy it
Can bank fraud be a guaranteed right to?
Healthcare isn't a right. It's a privilege.  Those of us who bust our ass should get better care than those who sit around and do nothing.
How do we make this happen Bernie Sanders?  I vote we use Taxes we already pay!
How true Bernie, many other countries can look after their citizens why is the GREAT UNITED STATES of AMERICA finding it so hard.
Except health care isn’t a right.
Says you. A right is what people decide is a right. It's an imaginary concept.
You better hope they don't decide they have the right to whatever you do / own.
Happened a long time ago.
But that would be cheaper and more efficient. Why would we want that? America prides itself on making things difficult for no reason.
Making things difficult for profit. You pay an extortionate amount more than others for equivalent drugs and treatment.
Health care is a service.  It is not a right.
Correction it's become a service it is always been a right.
Nope.  It's not a right.  You can't force health care providers to give it to you simply because you want it.  That's called slavery.
Furthermore, that isn't slavery. If you knew more about universal health you'd know that there is also a private sector. Care providers...
Nope.  It isn't "private sector" when the business can't determine what, when and how it will provide the service and at what price.
Read up. There's a complete private sector that doesn't except universal care there. The rich people go there.
You make this too easy when you continue to contradict yourself.
What are talking about? You make it easy when you don't understand how others offer affordable care for there citizens. Travel or read a 
Rights are only those secured by the Constitution. But yes, we should aim for universal healthcare.
If only there was some process by which we could amend the Constitution....
How about our right not to be forced by government to purchase insurance that is not affordable or@, that we don't want.
Then fight car insurance if you don't like being forced to pay
I get to choose my own car insurance and not forced to help you buy yours. No comparison.
Still forced to buy car insurance
Introduce legislation for a single-payer system this summer, while the flaws & failures of market-based solutions are front & center. Time!
Here's the Free Market Anarcho-Capitalist method: let the markets work things out! Wait, where is everyone, are they all... yup 
Bernie, we don't follow, we lead. A strong country doesn't want to be a Socialist country. Freedom is a RIGHT that you seek to steal. THIEF
Agreed.  The US should look at how other countries provide health care for all ... without this insurance nonsense!
Why fixate on "rest of the industrialized world"? Let them deal with their own problems, not join them. If they jumped off a bridge...?
because theyre doing alot better than us....
I know you want a Single Payer System, but I think a combination system is the best compromise.  Many major countries use this system.
Is it throwing ppl off or ppl not wanting to pay for insurance that sky rocketed and made ppl pay a outrageous sum or be fined
Sanders talking about universal health care, single payer. He's not promoting Obamacare. It didn't work in a lot of ways.
And be devastated by the cost and help no one-really wise
No good or service that comes at a cost to others is a right. 

The "right" is the availability to purchase insurance.
Absolutely
Sat goodbye to Innovacion and quality then.
you don't have a right to somebody's time, expertise, or knowledge.
It seems like such a simple concept
Can having 3 homes and a new lake house be my right
Sanders has introduced many #SinglePayer bills. What else did you want?
Just a loose grasp on reality. I'm for single payer also but in this Trump climate you might as we introduce a bill to save the unicorns
Fine. But what would you have him do? Liz Warren also came out for #SinglePayer this week. The Ds should absolutely run on it in 2018
Right now the pressing issue is to maintain the consumer and patient protections in Obamacare can't jump from that to single payer
I agree. But they (the Ds) need a message. "OMG can you believe what an asshole Trump is?" is not good enough. Also, see #LabourManifesto
Fair point. So why not introduce a bill that includes fixes for what does it mean Obama perfect that addresses whatever flaws there are
They keep saying yeah there's some flaws but we can fix it I think they need to be more specific before jumping to single payer.
And further bankrupt our country and lower care right?  Who's money Bernie?  It's clear you don't mind "taking" from the wealthy.
HEALTHCARE IS NOT A RIGHT, CARRYING A GUN IS A FUNDAMENTAL HUMAN RIGHT. WE NEED TO FOCUS MORE ON GUNS AND LESS ON HEALTHCARE
I do not understand the American government's reluctance to introduce guaranteed health care for its people
#SHAME how can a bunch of old men throw Americans off of healthcare?  Wake up USA!
#RESIST.
Ok great idea Sell your house and pay for it you Liberal Losing Hypocrite. Many millions lost their insurance because of you and OBAMACARE
If you really believe that, sell your 2 of 3 mansions and donate all the money to your local community health centers for "free" healthcare.
Absolutely!
The system has to be setup so everyone pays the same amount through Government Tax Deductions based on income and get the same care.
Its not a right its!
How bout we guarantee water as a right, it's much more important. Or maybe you could just be quiet.
Most civilized countries are are at least attempting this!
Hey, just for kicks, let's propose a bill in the senate and make the GOP say no. You must have one mostly ready. If not I am happy to help.
You need to run for prez again, only with a sensible, aggressive economic growth plan as a major part of your platform.
We should stop giving out goodies with other people's money. Then we wouldn't need to "throw them off health care." #fraud
The mechanisms of delivery of health care in a single payer system are not necessarily owned by the government.  Only, a few are gov. only !
When hs anyone not had the right to buy health insurance?
What, and give up the conceit that America is special?
Not sure you know what the word "throwing" means.
Yes!  THIS SHOULD BE A RIGHT !
GOP: Okay, yeah, that's a great idea and all. Buuuut, how can I personally benefit from this financially at the expense of others?
.....there it is.
Go Bernie, the hell with the cost. Typical democrats , spend spend tax tax#Detroit, Chicago.
Free health care as a right... open borders for all to come.  Your a traitor!
FBI investigation?
How is that a right? Please explain using the U.S. Constitution.
Start paying off student loans owed by doctors then. Doctors, Nurses, Hospital Staff, also have a RIGHT to get paid.
Unfortunately I don't think universal healthcare will ever happen nationwide, too many selfish people in this country!
Because it's not a right?
When is the Medicare for All bill going to surface?
Include Basic Income also! #NoTaxCutsForThe1%
False.   If you can't afford the premiums or deductibles you don't have insurance you have a debt that Americans are not going to pay
Are you gonna run in 2020?
People's Champ has said it's too early to discuss that. It's more important to fight the current battles that lay ahead of us. Also, we have
the 2018 midterm elections before 2020. The Senator is up for re-election to the U.S. Senate in 2018.
Did you get your million s from soros
Yes!!
Bernie, why don't you stop screaming, roll your sleeves up and jump in there to help with new hc bill?  Obamacare is failing. Your voters
Make the government have the same as the rest of us. They will fix it in 1 term.
Actor playing the part of "We care for everyone"
There is no utopia

Wake up
Free market will save lives
Govt is killing us
#maga
Bernie remember a lot of those are people who don't want to pay for insurance.
Fix our incredibly corrupt legal system then worry about the rest
BERNIE GO FOCUS ON YOU AND YOUR WIFE NOT GOING TO JAIL

Obamacare is already throwing millions of people off the cliff
Are you people redtarded??? You're not beautiful being banned from buying health ins. It's like saying you can't go buy a 
As soon as someone comes up with an economically feasible way to do that.  It would require cutting immigration from the third world down
Actually giving people things for free doesn't really solve anything
Because the VA has been run so well through the years w/veterans getting care needed in timely fashion NOT,let's screw the whole country! 
My premiums and deductibles tripled over the last couple of years and is expected to go up 100% next year.
That would take leadership which is too far removed from the roman arena that is U.S. politics, sound byte snaps & games rule
We have to pay "health insurance companies " jobs for people who don't want manual labor.legacies and lobbyists..
Don't live in the rest of the industrialised world. Don't care what it does.
Your going to have to get rid of the koch brothers and their like minded "let them eat cake" fuckers first.
@SenSanders yes. #SpeakUp
SINGLE PAYER
You have my vote.
The problem w/ACA is, since 4 profit insurance is involved, it ain 't affordable!  MEDICARE 4 all!
Citizens on OCare R pay'g premiums exceed'g their mortgages! Not 2 mention deductible costs! Your socialist medicinal policy is a SCAM! 
We are supposed to guarantee health care how? Money doesn't grow on trees, it comes from hard working Americans, I'm not paying for others.
industrialized world? I think that phase is long gone.
Services rule the "1st world"
Cool bro, but when it becomes a right and not a commodity, it violates the 13th amendment for Drs.- indentured servitude.
Some people take advantage of what they think is right
MEDICARE FOR ALL - NOW!
Spend less than the US is currently paying on HC and cover everyone!?! Wow there's an amazing idea! So why isn't the GOP listening?
Goddamnit, Bernie. You know that's not going to happen in this two-party, incestuous, corporatist clusterfuck. We need a third party now!
Healthcare in general needs a total overhaul. Insurance companies and their CEO's are the only ones that benefit.
The same 22mil forced on it by having their freedom to choose stripped?
Single payer

Universal health care doesn't necessarily mean single payer. Switzerland is very similar to Obamacare
LaLaLand?
It is not a right..socialism does not work.Cuba, Venezuela and Greece are perfect examples..how about lets help those who,help themselves!
I love my Bummy Sandals  @BernieSanders
Right. But how do We do this with a delusional man baby in the WH and a complicit, cowardly bunch of @gop sell-out's?
Or we could just commit a little bank fraud. #BankFraudBernie
https://truthagainstthemachine.com/bogus-sanders-fbi-investigation/ …
Wade this piece isn't a fair representation of VT Diggers numerous pieces on the topic
#sorrynotsorry #ObamaLegacy in '09 BHO was POTUS & controlled Congress but opted 4 O-care penned by big pharma #uglytruth DEM GOP same !
You should worry about #BernieBankFraud
Not throwing off. Some would opt out. Now about that bank fraud...
More big govt in our lives! Yeah! /sarc
Throwing or not forcing them to pay for it?
many of the 22M are those that were force to buy healthcare they did not want. Go figure.
Healthcare is not a right. Housing is not a right. People must take responsibility for themselves and their families.
It's what civilized countries do to take care of their citizens. Rev?
Crook!
It's not a right dummy @SenSanders and don't worry your wife will get health care in PRISON.  Cell mate will take good care of her. Lol
I disagree. Government involvement is what drives the costs up. Feds need to get out of healthcare!
We do c health care as a right. By law no private or public hospital can deny a person health care. U confuse health care & health insurance
I would just like a choice...Bernie doesn't care about me.
is there no mechanism to send your proposed bill to CBO for true comp. analysis? I think the numbers would be important to see.
keep at it alot of people care about health care for everyone
Well if the rest of the world jumps off a cliff you think we should?
Basically this is a man coming up to you holding a gun to you head and demanding you pay for his health care.
We call that thievery.
I feel the bern. Gimme free healthcare! 
Or, fraud a bank to pay for it.
Well get on it!  Bring those freaks together to get sh.. done.
Cannot retweet this enough the NHS is an absolute gift!
... or all You're doing is peddling snake oil ~ @SenSanders @westerner222
Healthcare is not a Right
@jefferiesshow @jimjefferies fucking nails it  https://www.facebook.com/JefferiesShow/videos/1723754681258263/ …
This sort of thing is why the .@TheDemocrats don't want to accept you. They love their lobbyist cash as much as GOP does.
Amen to that!!
Never going to happen. #socialism never works.
did Obama manage to insure everyone? Why are 20 million uninsured TODAY after 8 years of Obamacare?
Bernie, why don't you work with President Trump on this then! If you care,don't wait until 2020 reelection and sell this to win votes again!
Socialist
We shouldn't be engaged in bank fraud either but what the heck?
Love this
Love you @SenSanders @janeosanders @BernieSanders 
Totally agree with you.
Why do the freedoms of yesterday have to bow to the arbitrary rights of today?  Do you determine what my rights are?
Lol yes and cause fraud like you and your wife did. Bravo
A total lie.
NO WAY!!!!
Healthcare as a right...there you go with the whole "give me free stuff because I'm lazy". It's not 1970. Cut the hippie act.
When the senators and congress and their families will get on Trumpcare then it should be good enough for all Americans to use it.
...ask the single people I'm my county that have no companies to choose from, thanks Obama! More government is never the answer! Freedom!
I really wish the election had been Sanders v. Trump. I wonder where we might have been?  With the Russian interference? Maybe no difference
Would make my life a lot easier
Except it's not a Right. But as long as someone else is paying it's okay. Does senility run in your genetic make up Bern?
Bernie Sanders- What are you doing for children whose parents can't afford Obamacare? What happens to them?
Insurance company will always benefit because they have lobbyists that are in bed with lawmakers. They will take care of each other.
What can we do to make this happen?
#RightToHealthcare
No
We are throwing under the bus!
Sorry, but I don't want govt having any control over my health or life.
Health care IS NOT A RIGHT! It's corrupt politicians, @TheDemocrats & @gop & millionaire doctors & lawyers who fleece #America daily. - DC
.I love words like "should" and "must" but,  "where's the beef!"
Yeah, right. But what about the inordinate profit made from the existing  system? Big Pharma doesn't agree. Nor the hospital industry.
Are positive rights really rights or just emotive descriptors of privileges that can be taken by the same government that grants them?
