Wow, you actually ran for president and don't even know automatic weapons have been heavily restricted/banned since the 80's?? How sad...
Make you feel better to insult Bernie Sanders or anyone except Trump he deserves to be insulted not Bernie he's a good man are you?
I’m just pointing out that he ran for president but has no knowledge of firearms which is clear from this tweet! That’s all...
He has no knowledge of anything he didn't even know Puerto Rico was American and that he is the president there
Hilarious! More “News” reported by @CNN and folks like you fall for it... how sad
You have to be at Trump loving gun totaling Republican I don't watch CNN that much I watch ABC national news. No fake news there wake up
I'm sorry... Maybe this will cheer you up... At least until you wake up in morning and realize your Prez is Trump!
Legislation in both the 1930s and the mid-1980s federally banned fully automatic weapons. You and your fans do little research on anything.
Mr Sanders you're a disgusting weasel. You swore to defend the Constitution but that obviously means nothing to you. SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED
Do you specify civilian so your security can continue to carry fully auto?
There is no reason for a man to have no jobs until he is in his 40's
You are so right. Hope Congress does something about it
None, whatsoever. They didn't have those when the Second Amendment waa written. It needs a rewrite!
Bernie u r a senator. U know 2a is 4 the people 2 protect themselves from a corrupt government. We should have access to same weapons
Simply an attempt to disarm political enemies. That is all this is.
It’s illegal to purchase fully automatic weapons already. Go have another pudding pop.
I'd take it further: there's no reason for any civilian to own a firearm.
No. Handguns for self-defense are acceptable. Hunting rifles for food hunting are acceptable. Automatic weapons are unacceptable.
I believe that hunting is immoral. Sport hunting is utterly indefensible and "food hunting" (as you call it) is outmoded in 21st century USA
"food hunting" outmoded? Because you don't eat meat or because we should all get foods from the grocery store?
Because the overwhelming majority of the population doesn't need to hunt to survive.
That is true. But for those that live in areas where they can hunt their own food I think it's ok. 
But hunting animals for sport..never!
Unfortunately, the latter (sport) is often the main reason Americans go hunting, who then justify it in terms of the former (food).
I'm guessing you don't spend a lot of time with hunters. Many hunters I know feed their families with the animals they harvest.
There is no reason, a presidential level official, lacks basic knowledge, or simply be callous enough to lie to the public, about this issue
I salute the next US president in advance.
Ur president material sir.
My all tweets gives only one result.
Ur president of USA
They're illegal but if u fruitcakes in govt keep spouting nonsense.Might convince ppl they need it 2 protect from govt tyranny 2A intention
Cmon Bernie. I need to kill as many  as I can with one gun and one clip. I need to kill 400 - 600 per second!
There's no reason for anyone to own an automatic weapon. Even if ur in military, it should be issued for battle, never owned by u.
There's no reason you should have a Twitter account but here we are
Unless, you know, I just want one.
And there is no reason for @realDonaldTrump to be president, but here we are 
Clear reason actually: Dems/HRC don't know how to win.
Start with your bodyguards #hypocritbankfraud
Yup it's time to take liberals seriously, and take guns away from all liberals.
You voted to let people have them. You voted against the Brady Bill FIVE TIMES. Don't go all pious now and think we're fooled.
You finally said something true
Is it possible in Us?
There's also no reason for a civilian to not not have an automatic weapon.
There’s no reason for any civilian to own ANY weapon
I agree completely.  They are only for killing a large amount of whatever they are pointed at.
Preach It...I've been doing the same! No earthly Reason on Earth for Any civilian to have One...much less 47 guns !!
Until such time government can no longer be trusted. Hitler was one of the first to enact his gun control laws. Sick people are the problem
If guns were the problem then the millions already out there would be pouring blood into all streets. The issue is mental illness, people.
Where there are more guns, there is more gun violence. Simple fact.
Where there is more gun control, there is more gun violence. #Fact
Research Switzerland's records.They show gun control isn't necessary.
I'm very familiar. They require citizens to own guns and have lowest crime/gun violence in the world
Switzerland has the highest rate of gun violence in Europe, lol!
I want the same fire power as the corrupt government thank you !
You took an oath to uphold the Constitution did you not? Or were you lying when you took it?
I beg to differ, if the military tries to gain power and over throw the gov. the citizens have the right to defend themselves. do they not?
The military will have tanks, bombs and missiles. Good luck with that AR!
Came here to say this exactly, you ain't doing squat against tanks you paranoid weirdo
I'm not paranoid it was just a reason why a civilian would need an automatic rifle. and in some states you can legally own and shoot RPGs.
If you think any single gun owning citizen stands a chance against the military, you're delusional
my whole community will hopefully come together to fight alomg side me.
Preach!!
Agreed. Only the NRA and pocket politicians want them and look what happens
We can definitely start there w/ #guncontol discussion. And @GOP must reverse the gun law from February (background check on mental defects)
Not true
This is the bill I was referring to. It allows people with mental defects not to have background check for guns:
That bill was to ensure due process to those being denied their rights.
The reason IS:  Statements like yours coming from the very people who swore an oath to uphold the constitution and now have decided not to.
If only changes could be made to the constitution somehow. Maybe, if Founding Fathers had made a process to amend it, when called for.
The Irony is Americans complain that Islam is outdated for modern times so they ask for change... yet they can't touch the constitution
Amend it if you don't like it.
th... thats not how it works... thats not up to Cecil or me, even if I was president it's not up to me, it takes republicans to vote against
My bad I mean it takes republicans to vote for gun control... not against it, they already do that :P
If you don't like it, go get elected, rally your fellow congressmen, and do it yourself. Don't blame others who are voting their beliefs
But back to my original point is Americans don't want any form of change to the constitution, after Sandy hook and there was no hope
If they own them, they are illegally acquired...been against the law since the 1970's...just in case you can't remember that far back
Automatic weapons have been banned since 1986. Are we going to double dog ban them?
Couldn't agree more. We must ban assault weapons. Any hunter would confirm, they've never used an AR-15 on a hunt!
Imagine thinking AR is Assault Rifle.

Please ban assault rifles and silencers.
Correct. That’s why it’s been illegal since 1986. Thanks Bern
Haha @SenSanders well you see, in the late 1780s when America fought in a war against England and their tyrannical government, our states required the Second Amendment to be added to our Constitution, or they would not ratify it. In order to protect ourselves against tyranny...
If you knew our American History you would know our Founding Fathers wanted us to protect ourselves and if needed to overthrow the government, and to do so we would need and have the right to arm our selves with the same weapons as the government has. So that is why, we Americans
Absolutely! Automatic weapons are for killing enemy soldiers. That is their only purpose. They should not be in the hands of civilians.
Those automatic weapons our military carries are the property of the people. We allow OUR soldiers to use OUR weapons.. not visa versa.
Or a semi automatic. If you need one to "hunt" you are hunting humans.
Or your our for just the skeleton because it will shred any flesh
...and you can't shoot worth a shit
1. Why?  2. We don’t own automatic weapons, fool, and you know it.
Bump. Stocks. Have you already forgotten about the deadliest mass shooting in American history?
You do know that automatic weapons are very very very difficult to obtain through license and therefore basically not available for vast majority of citizens Senator?  Apparently not.
Not many do. As a matter a fact they are not sold in stores
Throw back...
Any gun*
Agreed
*sigh* Americans and their "freedom".
Our freedom is protecting your country from a ballistic missile attack every single day. Shut up
Your "freedom" and ridiculous president is what is making a missile strike more bloody likely you plank.
Congratulations on having zero idea of the ballistic missile landscape of the US. Trump makes literally zero difference.
Well done you know more than me about ballistic medals. Take a golden star from the box and wave at the crowd.
They're almost impossible to own as it is
I absolutely agree. But I'm British and we have gun controls. (snappy observation very nearly ruined by auto correct to Gin controls, eek!)
Them’s fighting words coming from a red. How about you come and take mine from me Bernie boy?
That's why there's a law preventing citizens from buying them you must get a class 3 firearms license from the http://govt.you  old fool.
Automatic weapons are already illegal you withered senile fossil.
What if i want to waste crakas?
Yes, to protect us ur fan base.  They are killing people in mass shooti gs
Hey Bernie can you say that once again just four months later, for the people all the way in the BACK! #GunReformNow #GunContolNow
There's plenty good reason.  The constitution of this land says we can. You will NEVER push gun control. There's no amount of gun control that will prevent evil ppl from doing evil things. Your socialist mentality is not welcome in America
Wrong
Should I listen to Bernie Sanders or George Washington and Thomas Jefferson...hmmm what a tough choice
or even a simple gun. In the rest of the world we do without them and live free
i will not come for sure, but I think you are in a vicious circle, you use weapons, for defend against weapons! Ban them!
? i do not, you have a funny way of thinking and reasoning. Listen to Eisenhower's speech 'the military industrial complex'
I was actually having this conversation at work today, I can’t see any reason anybody would need one
Most of the people I know say they want it for "hunting". Are wilds animals wearing body armor now? Or for personal protection. (Next)
Personal protection? Is Russia invading your home every other week, or something? That's what we have military for.
That’s what confused me to be honest? I am from the UK and our gun laws are incredibly strict
I was just tweeting about this. Our 2nd A was written 200+ yrs ago when towns had to have their own militia cos travel was slow &
And we had almost no military. This is not the case anymore. I don't mind people having guns for hunting, but 600 rounds/minute? Come on.
Exactly, you have a sizeable military nobody needs a semi-automatic rifle
I’m British and I use to visit the US. No desire to go there now, people just can’t see that guns cause death and misery as this massacre
Good stay over there!!
Wrong. Especially when wacko corrupt nutjobs rule. We the people will reach our limit and you'll know first hand what the 2nd amndt means.
i am pro civilian firearm ownership and this weird little rant makes you seem unstable and sounds more like an argument against the 2nd Amendment. if vague threats are your idea of pro-gun advocacy then you should know you are hurting the cause with shit like this.
Start teaching kids that guns are bad. Only way to change gun culture is to teach it out. Remove the glorification taught by the uneducated
Hey Bernie, is there any reason for you to own a car that goes faster than the LEGALLY posted speed limit? But you do, right? Why?
I dont know why the "automatic" before weapon. It should be "There is no reason for any civilian to own a weapon (Gun)". Period.
For urban people: protection from home invasions. For non-urban the above and also: hunting, sport shooting, protecting land or livestock.
Given the extent of homicide/injury associated with firearms in the home the 'defending the home' argument is specious. There may well be settings/circumstances (occupational, where someone has a restraining order) where a firearm is warranted)
There are enough circumstance that make guns applicable in day to day life. Imagine the loops you'd have to jump through to feel safe.
Candidly, if I felt unsafe enough to think a gun might help me feel safe, I'd move to a safer neighbourhood. If a gun would really help, then you're in the wrong place.
The "just leave/move" argument doesn't work. Everyone has a right to protect themselves. Guns are just a great equalizer.
It turns out that the right of 'self-protection' and 'armed revolution against tyranny' is being played out in a way that has made America far more lethal for its citizens than most comparable countries.
Self defense is essentially criminalised in other countries, in the us it is not AS criminalised.
It wasn't automatic, Bernie.  Google "bump stock".  Big difference, guy.
If a bump stock turns a weapon into 90 rounds in 10 seconds, how is that not an automatic weapon?
The difference is the trigger.  An auto weapon's trigger is held down only once and multiple bullets are fired faster than a bump stock.
The outcome is almost exactly the same. 90 rounds in 10 seconds. 59 dead people from 32 stories up & 400 yards away. This is what you want?
Absolutely not.  Horrible situation.  The key is keeping guns out of the hands of the crazies.
And how does your support/membership with the NRA help keep guns out of the hands of the crazies?
And can you point me toward any of their policies they’ve proposed that would accomplish this?
@_DrFunk making guns illegal won't keep them out of the wrong hands. People break the law all the time.
Making [murder, rape, etc.] illegal won't keep the wrong people from doing them. People break the law all the time.
Wow, that's quite the leap you took there. Never the less, an obvious one. People need incentive to do better.
By putting reasonable strict but legal limits on semi-automatic firearms (killing machines).
Doesn't matter, guns can be modified.
Non semi-auto can't really be modified to be rapid fire weapons.
Can't easily, or can't? Where there's a will there's a way.
I can build a guided missile. It's not easy so no one does it.

Incorrect. Fully automatic weapons can still legally be obtained in several states and there are legal gun modifiers that give you auto.
Then go buy one.
I do not have the desire to own one nor do I have the money to purchase one.
IF manufactured 30+ years ago and you were grandfathered in when they were banned... semantics man
It's not really semantics. Banned means banned....meaning you can't get them. Anyone without one who meets qualifications can buy one.
Yeah and if your aunt had balls she'd be your uncle... they are so heavily regulated... they're banned. and rightfully so focus on real shit
I know it's and internet and Trump is the president but I'd like to think words still have meaning,

Ban: to officially or legally prohibit.
Agreed. And that’s why it’s so shocking that you supported PLCAA, which provides legal immunity to gun mfrs.
As someone who supports the repeal of the 2nd amendment I ask you what you think they did wrong? Were their products defective?
Fair question - it's a broader comment about his past support for the gun lobby. PLCAA was served up on a silver platter by the @NRA
On one hand he can help to create bills that effect us all. On the other he's elected by his state
His state has similar demographics to Oregon in terms of rural/urban, hunters, etc, yet our Senators have better records on the issue.
Oh really. Then WHY DID YOU VOTE AGAINST THE BRADY BILL? TWICE!!
Bernie was literally not a senator in 1993 when Brady bill was voted into law
Umm. He was in the House and voted against it. Not Twice. FIVE TIMES.
Fun fact, the NRA funded Bernie when he first ran.
I think it has a lot to do with the rural VT population being largely pro-gun
Oh I see. So Bernie gets to be pro-bloodbath because rural white people. And HE is the principled one.
Sure their is. What if I want too? It’s also my right. It’s fun to shoot automatic weapons.
there*
What part of “Shall not be Infringed” do you not understand, you nitwit liberals do not have the intellect or the wisdom to question the founders
well then it's a good thing you're not the dick-tator of the universe because what you believe has NO claim on my rights. come & take them.
Sure there is. To protect ourselves from ridiculously incompetent politicians that think our American freedoms can be replaced with some old man's ridiculously ignorant version of communism.
The possibility of you becoming President is exactly the reason for a well-armed citizenry #socialisttyranny
They should make a law...

Oh they do already
For once, you're right. And guess what? It's been illegal for civilians to own an automatic weapon for 35 years now. Try to catch up.
They are already illegal! Damn, you should know this!
Read history Bernie!  Socialist/Com govs disarmed civilians, then exterminated those very citizens once they could not fight back. Never 
Automatic weapons are already illegal. Oh and so is murder.
There is no reason for an avowed socialist to sell out to a greedy capitalist. @jlcon5
Hey Bernie, what about the words ‘shall not be infringed’ is confusing you???  Go spew your anti American  someplace else. #2A #NRA #MAGA
That's your opinion and fortunately your opinion doesn't count anymore. You had your time in your chance. And The Best Man 1
That's why they are ILLEGAL get it? Try passing along relevant information ok?
Do you know the difference between an automatic and a semiautomatic weapon?
There is no reason for you stealing your neighbors Sunday paper!

#BankFraudBernie 
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://www.mediaite.com/online/bernie-sanders-has-reportedly-been-stealing-his-neighbors-newspaper/amp/&ved=0ahUKEwiUzNXgpuDWAhXJdSYKHdiUBfwQFgg7MAM&usg=AOvVaw3p_Rpvix5ElvPJwTL_6Kmv&ampcf=1 …
One week we’re defending free speech, then this week we’re defending the 2nd amendment. What’s next? Due process?
There is no reason for socialism & stupidity either but you think both are good. And to help with your ignorance very few civilians do.
You spelled “criminal” wrong. It’s not spelled C I V I L I A N.
There is no reason for any civilian to fund someone elses health care.
King Lear says Reason Not the need
We shouldn't  own any cars that go over the speed limit either. Tell car industry to stop making them.
There is no reason for anyone to be a socialist/communist.
You old fool,if you pass all the requirements why the hell not get rid of your armed security personnel then you can spout this bullshit.
Guarding against @SenSanders' fascist tyranny is a great reason for civilians to own semi-automatic weapons.
Incorrect:

1.  Collector
2.  Democrat 
3.  Employee of company that makes Auto weapons
4.  Mercenary
and so on.
That belief alone makes a compelling argument for citizens to own automatic weapons...
I can think of one.
There is no reason for a woman to have an abortion
Automatics aren't really a thing anymore
Or own three homes comrade Bernie? Machine guns are banned for sale, Liberal lies to advance control of population to depend on govt
We should make them illegal. Oh, wait.
Actually, Communism and Socialism are two great reasons people should own automatic weapons.  Though I personally prefer one shot-one kill.
Oh yes there is! When you have multiple people coming after your Constitutionally stated right to own arms, you'll need multiple, rapid fire
Automatic rifles are illegal. They are a lot of things I want removed or band but I deal with it. You libs and dems got to get a grip

Conservatives need their own award shows. Bernie would be top pick for the dumbest senator we have....How's that bank fraud going?
There are you liberals go showing your ignorance about guns again. Are automatic weapons legal? Go look it up. I'll wait.
It's STILL called the "Bill of Rights". Not "reasons". Not "needs". RIGHTS
Umm yes there is.  And you are part of the reason
This thread is full of people who don’t care about my constitutional rights.  Ain’t gettin my guns. #2A
Reason enough?
Battlefield weapons don't belong in civilian hands but how do they end up in Dem controlled, gun free zone, CHI? Why don't U mention that?
http://thefederalist.com/2017/10/02/actual-federal-laws-regulating-machine-guns-u-s/ …
Only illegal if after 1986 manufacture. Bump stocks are a workaround
Not so much with Trump, but if you or Hillary  got elected.  Future guns sold that read fingerprints.   Fully automatic weapons  with gps sensors  after sequential fire.  Sound sensors respondent to GPS  at hotels and such.   Americans do not want dependence.
Please stop talking, your just an old man milking the system for all it worth. Shut up already.. @BernieSanders
Keep pandering, Bernie, when you know damn well FOPA in 1986 effectively banned automatic weapons unless you have $$$.
There is no reason why your still in office

Please tell me you are not this stupid. Oh man, Bern. You really are, aren’t you?
Been around guns all my life and never even seen an automatic weapon. They’ve been de facto banned since 1986.
This is the equivalent of saying a cat has no reason to have claws. Yeah, that cat goes outside, it has no defense against predators.
Does America want to be a bunch of declawed kitties stuck inside gubermint's house?
There's no reason a member of the Senate should make three times the national household income.
Innumerable reasons for American Citizens to own MANY guns, Bernie! Govt Tyranny + your/Soros' Socialist/Democrat Anarchists out to sink US!
Yes there is. To defend against government tyranny like democrats socialist and Muslims
And VERY few do. They're semiautomaic, Bernie.

You don't understand the difference between secured and unsecured loans. You obviously don't know things.
Very few "civilians" own machine guns. This was a modified weapon not a machine gun.
Isn't true all the houses & money u have came from underhanded deals &corruption ? How does a servant of the people become rich?
There's no reason Bernie for one person to own 3 houses for their personal use ..
Well good thing you didn’t write the constitution Bernie

Ok a favor tho? Take a hunting trip-spend a day in a treestand & have a wolfpack take your kill. Then try running away with single shot gun
Oh I forgot. You spend the first 40 years of your life on someone else's couch. Didn't get your first job till you were almost 50. Thanks
Uh, Bernie, civilians are not allowed to own automatic weapons. You really need to familiarize yourself with the facts before spouting off.
I think the simple solution is demilitarize first, take the weapons from the armed forces as well, then we shall all be safe in America.
What about to protect the school from seedy characters trying to cheat and drain them dry?
The death toll would have certainly been higher if Stephen Paddock (pilot) loaded his plane with fuel and did a nose-dive into the crowd!
What about if the rooskies invade? Patrick Swayzie ain’t around to save any bodies sorry asses....we are on are own! “Gun emoji”
Ah but there is...It's called Freedom Of Choice. Same reason you would still not be President had you not been sabatoged by HRC & crew.
Are you sure you know the laws in the US? No one except collectors r allowed auto. Not since 1986. Class 3 license. 
1000s  $$$ to get.
I bet you have armed security. There is no reason for you to have armed security.
Well regulated militia-being necessary to the security of a free state the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed!
Most don't, but let's not bother with the details.
what exactly was the reason you wrote rape fantasy poetry, maybe guns are needed in case you decide to live out your fantasies
And they don't.  Know why?  They're illegal.
There is no reason for you to own 3 homes, to be a socialist, and to be a career corrupt politician
I say this to all you anti gunners. Come and take them, untill then there is nothing to talk about.
How about protecting their homes from the Grizzly Bears roaming city streets?
From the politician that was gonna kill American citizens & blame cuba. That Tells me I need as many armorlite 15 rifles as I can afford.
Sorry, but unless the police can guarantee to be at all places at all times, I’m keeping my loaded .357 magnum close by! #MAGA
But you said Trump was a threat to our democracy.
"Automatic"? There are Federal laws against ownership of automatic weapons already on the books, so this is a non-issue.
You know as much about guns as you do about the constitution... but you hate both for some reason

just con the bank together with your wife !
Except against you corrupt power crazy thugs!
Come and take mine Stalin.
Give em the bullets first!
When we hunt our food, everything is used. Nothing we hunt is recalled. It's free range, w/o hormones.
No civilian does own or possess an automatic weapon legally. Do something real and stop the political grandstanding.
fuck you asshole
Do you own any???
Crazy old man yells at cloud.

Automatic firearms are banned. They have been since the 80s. You really should pay attention at your job.
There's no reason not to
Uh, it's called prevent Tyranny of Gov.
When I see gun control advocates, I think to myself, "were they born graciously submissive bitches, or were neutered as children?"
Yes. Those are reserved for criminals only.
Bernie your IQ is showing. Read up on something before you talk. I wouldn't get your gun knowledge from a movie
The 2d Amendment says nothing about Automatic Weapons. What it does say is shall not be infringed. Period
Have  you read the Bill of Rights? How about the Federalist Papers? Constitution?
Probably a fair statement
Those who do own automatic weapons should be made to fight on the front line in war torn areas.
