Ordinary citizens in Houston step up with dramatic flooding rescues underway http://cbsn.ws/2wibrsB  
Nothing but respect for my president
Yes, as opposed to you who helped steal the election from HRC. Retire, old man. You're irrelevant and disruptive with no positive endgame.
Yeah, psycho, it was Bernie's sex appeal, not HRC's policies that caused her to lose and gave us Trump... NOT
Ditto.
Vermont has sent ZERO of their emergency or National Guard to help in Texas, as with ALL Socialists, to them that means "GIVE ME SOMETHING"
My thoughts to all the Texans affected by this terrible climate disaster from Portugal on vacation
Thanks to all volunteering, first responders, nat'l guard 
United we stand/he ain't heavy, he's my brother/love thy neighbor ...however you wanna say it, it's a beautiful thing when we come together
if we can learn anything from this disaster perhaps we can be more kind to each other -helping each other is the America we need & love!
Way to get out in front of the parade you hack. You had absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with any of it and are in no position to thank
Thank you for going another day without demagoguing on ID Politics or Russia 'hacking our election.'
Bernie, you are the best!!!!!
Yep. And these folks have no use for you.
ANYTHING FOR MY PRESIDENT
If Hillary had chosen Sanders would she be President today?

If the #DNC had listened to their voters who wanted Bernie Sanders instead of listening a few billionaire donors this wouldn't be an issue.
The billionaires are not donors, they are investors. The are buying a president. There's your problem, USA, right there.
CBS where are you when it comes to getting the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth out to the public on all "matters "
SO HOW'S THE LAKE HOUSE BERNARD... COZY...
We are #HoustonStrong
.@SenSandersさん

Thank you to all the courageous ◯◯ who have risked their lives to save 

Thank you very much.

@CBSEveningNews
HOW DID SHE LOSE?! HOW I ASK YOU!!
Thank you Sen Sanders. We're sorry we have Trump. Please help America.
did Bernie go to LA last yr when they were devastated?  NO!! Trump did and donated $500K  Hildabeast was in hiding.
Trump never gave $ without get kickbacks.
Share facts with the class please - I'll wait we have til 2024
See Bernie, you do have it in you to NOT always say stupid, unkind words..This was very nice.. now stop with all the stupid FREE stuff..
Yeah, "free stuff"... your skull must be as thick as 5 feet of concrete.
And thank you Bernie for tweeting this instead of hawking a book by a criminal.
Awww, come on, Lynne... it's a fine book and a great read!
Must take our individual courage & make it social courage. Change is scary, but it's much scarier to stay the same
litty
Hey Bernie why haven't you bused Antifa down to Houston
Totally agree with you there. TEXAS STRONG!!
That's what we do in America -this is what it means to be Americans -hear that Mr. Trump!
Dumpster is the WORST! #getridofthisbum
Because their liar n chief has overturned their help.  Paying lip service is NO help dumpster! 
Much more than you are doing!!
Thank you POTUS for being to quick to respond to this crisis
nothing ordinary about them. washington could take a lesson here
Our thoughts are with you here at #augustana
I can't believe it but well said Bernie.
You should have been our president@sensanders
SENATOR THESE EVENTS ARE WHEN THE BEST OF MEN AND WOMEN ARE SHOWN !NEIGHBORS HELPING NEIGHBORS!
No one questions being rescued is a human right
Yet caring for the sick... ??   #Healthcare #HoustonStrong #MarchOnWashington #EmptyThePews
BLESS ALL THIS PEOPLE FOR HELPING EACH OTHER-IT'S TRULEY AMAZING!ALL PEOPLE ALL COLORS  TOGETHER IN SPITE OF ALL THAT'S HAPPENING-
That's great news that you give Trump such a wonderful compliment, finally your coming around Bernie!
Thank you for losing
You need to disavow the violence your rhetoric has caused in Berkley. Anti first amendment, anti American rioters attack anyone and everyone
You need to disavow the the violence  the neo-nazis caused in Charlottesville. One dead, another one beaten near death.
TX engineers ignored scientists, DO NOT pour concrete over prairie. If prairielands not paved over, disaster would be far less. Now we pay.
Let's also remember the police & fire who have been on duty since Friday - many of whom are separated from their own families and homes.
What the hell r u doing Bernie how much money have u donated. We don't need words we need action
FYI - People in socialist countries don't risk their lives to help others. They just let them die
What kind of idiot tries to drive through that???
Replace my flooded car pls
Americans have shown time and time again that  we will be there for one another r can erase the hate
You're a Bernie supporter?  Just curious
They the real heroes
If you can, text REDCROSS to 90999. It's a $10 donation. They also have other options.  #HurricaneHarvey
Honorable sanders, felicitation is not enough, rather plan constructivelly, to avoid the reoccurring of such devastation.
While you tweet from your $600k summer home and default loans !
This is what self reliant people do.
And thank you for the Russian Revolution! So good!
Who cares about your thanks communist.  Donald Trump is the President not you
Pray harder Texas!  LOL!
Thank you, trump
This is what makes America great. Not political affiliation.
Big Fan of You...would like to meet you one Day....
Angels are everywhere and help their neighbors or whoever needs them
We should ALL pray together !! 
Thanks Bernie Sanders !
And Thank you President Trump for supporting Texas with whatever they need
Bernie, this is what America is all about. Caring for one another, not giving to the enemies that have infiltrated our country.
Someone's gotta do it. Police are too busy saving flags 
Democrat mayor did not call for any evacuation in Houston?
Thanks for the good people who help God bless
Thx Bernie a real heart felt tweet
Why is it...  we don't want #race  to be an issue, yet it is ALWAYS the underlying focus (good and bad) in the media (left and right)?
It's good to see Bernie down to earth!!

Texans helping Texans
I haven't heard anything from The President 
Oh thank you  Bernie you fart Commy fraud
Can y tell antifa and blm, t do some good instead of dividing America
You politicians always trying to outdo each other liars all
Socialism in action 
Venezuela is socialism, not this
Thanks Mr. President
I'm with you Senator Sanders on this post!
Hispanic ppl help caucasic ppl congratulations to my ppl
Sure as hell not anything you would ever do.
True courage and compassion on display. If only we could all learn from their actions. Blessings to these heroes of all ethnic backgrounds
That's what America is all about
And thank you President Trump for your early support & concerns for Houstonians!!! Thanks for visiting tomorrow & supporting relief efforts.
Had the Houston Mayor heeded @GovAbbott  warning to evacuate many wouldn't be in this position - it's all on you MAYOR 
And there are lots of them.
This is the real America; people helping people. Not the nonsense we keep seeing all over FB and Twitter.
Meanwhile your antifa democratic parties are forming a home ISIS and promoting violence worse then NeoNazis and KK ever has before,congrats
He isn't responsible for whatever AntiFA does. Please go do something useful with your Twitter.

Remind Trump this tragedy is a result of global warming. More to come.
#iluvmesomebernie
Something you'd NEVER do.
Took you long enough,,bernie,,,let two families move into ur empty homes
,,quit thinking of urself all the time,,
it would be nice if you were one of those individuals and not a self centered liberal
These are the stories I want to see and hear not the vile fake news out of the White House.
Americans need real leaders at this time. Please go away Bernie
Bernie...bet money 80% are demonic hateful Trump supporters?
Do you think the victim is thinking about her rescuer being transgender?
.@SenSandersさん

Thank you to all the courageous ◯◯ who have risked their lives to save others.

Thank you very much.

@CBSEveningNews
Yep...so u and ur ppl can move on. Don't need ur lip service. Go spread ur crazy on #russia, leave #Texas to the adults to handle. Thks...
Why don't you go and help them instead of causing hate
Encouraging to see Americans willing and able to join together and help each other. Now let's do so with healthcare, child care, education.
look at all those hillbillies helping each other. see any antifa flags Bernie????
And your wife could send the money she embezzled. 6.5 million was it?
Cheeses Crust! For shame. You're still blowing that smear out of proportion?
This is True Texas Spirit..please don't judge us based on Senators...that's out of State money influence and gerrymandering
I'm sure you'll think of a way to make money on this tragic situation. Keep thinking you sellout genius!
I'm sure you'll be making some donations to help out, right Bernie?
I'm sure you'll be making some donations to help out, right Ross?
Of course!
What do YOU have todo with anything? Go reread das kapital
Dont forget to send positive energy their way. They need it.
Denounce the violent alt-left, bernie, im sure 90% of them were your supporters
https://twitter.com/basedmonitored/status/902177027368902657 …
Oh u r so considerate, have u found a rich guy to take from and give the suffering families u communist.
I wish I could help..NJ help will respond..unlike that Texas political delegation that wanted to turn its back on Sandy devastation..
@CBSEveningNews 

You still hangin at the lake house?
Good people that weren't out "protesting" & attacking people. Big difference between your party and the republicans.
Yes...the Republicans are violent and a hate filled bunch.
This is what good people do.  All the time.  Need more focus on moments like this.
Nothing to say about the fact you all laughed off @GovAbbott's evacuation order as being premature? #TexasFlood #Houston
Wonder how many neo nazis, kkk, alt right been helped by minorities and illegal immigrants. Wonder if they still feel the same way.
You mean like these caring liberals?
Things a president should of said...thanks 4 leading bernie
He has said that and more please pat attention
Save us Bernie! #ImpeachNowGOP
#RemoveDisruptorTrump
IncitesViolenceHateOutrage
@houseGOP
Save us from this hatred?
Thank you for always standing behind America Bernie. Texans need a sane voice of support & encouragement from Washington. Oregon is praying.
Trump is the president, but he's no leader.
Thank you for being a real leader!
I hope the compassion for those displaced rubs off on Texans
Here are local organizations that people can donate to help. I've been sharing this info like crazy! Keep sharing!
Some good places to donate to right now re: Harvey: 
1) Texas Diapers Bank. They're putting together relief kits: https://texasdiaperbank.networkforgood.com/projects/33717-change-a-life …
If you don't denounce then you stand with #Antifa.
http://robinwestenra.blogspot.com/2017/08/the-real-globalist-agenda-of-antifa.html?m=1 …
That's how we roll, Bernie!
And Thank you Bernie for always expressing your appreciation for human life the way you do 
Thousands of examples of heroes worthy of a statue...
CIA Whistleblower risks all to tell us. A must watch for every American citizen.
Thank you #PresidentSanders 
It is in these times we see the true soul of America.....God bless and keep these storm victims safe!

Let's remain united
The REAL America, not the hater President's America
Care to comment on your fan boys attacking American citizens for using their 1st Amendment right?
You're not following along, although their message is horrendous, that doesn't take away the right to say it.  Focus, we are ruled by laws.
Should a person carrying a Soviet flag be beaten for holding the flag?  Have you seen how many people were "exterminated" by the Soviets?
You've made it quite clear, Leftist totalitarian regimes and those who celebrate them are fine...anyone else are fascists.
Please appeal to senators Cruz and Cronyn not to vote against aid for these victims as they did for Sandy victims
On the senate floor would be nice
We houstonians take care of our own .


Including the press!!
Trump calling for "National Unity" is like Jared Fogle calling for stronger CPS laws...
Republicans are lucky Trump's "hands" are small...At least it's easier to bend over for him without a spine. Sad!
I think he's just drinking them all... I would have to!
