Hey Senator, do you think maybe you'll be coming back to Vermont and engaging with us, your constituents, as a whole any time soon?
Lol.  He's the most popular senator in the entire country.  If you think you've got it bad, I live in Alabama...
Sorry you have it bad, my friend. I live in Vermont.
And I don't give a rat's ass how popular he is throughout the rest of the country. We know him for who he is. A feel good windbag.
And he's SUPPOSED to be representing us in Vt. Yet missed majority votes not only during campaign but before & after. Why do we pay him???
Ask him his stance on ANYTHING - he's no better than Trump.
did you notice how he promoted the state wherever he went? did you notice the amendments he put to help rural areas like vermont?
Yes, he's been doing that his entire career. For a lot of mine, I was forced to be accepting of it. I'm not, anymore.
I'm glad that I live in Norway, where healthcare is free and for everybody! I feel bad for Americans.
1. Our top tax is 36% , but in return we get free school, free healthcare and and safety net that will help you if you fall out.
That is why you rely on the United States for....everything
Hitch up your pants; your ignorance is showing.
Our welfare, school, health system,oil business, our laws and way of living shows you that we're nothing like USA.
You got that right...not ina good way and who defends your freedom?
NATO
Still NATO! USA needs NATO, it will be a stupid decision to leave. USA is our big brother, but my freedom don't depends on them!
Look at Bernie's track record - If he says something would be bad it's probably REALLY good for America
Do you want to end net neutrality?
This guy would pay an extra 50 dollars a month for internet services because "its not what Bernie wanted #checkmatelibtards"
"Net Neutrality" AKA Government control ALWAYS leads to reduced costs right? just ask #Venezuela - call me crazy
Don't use Venezuela for reference again, I know people who are suffering there, and it is repulsive to think we want that
Typical shitlib trying to tell other people what they can or can't say. Sorry - if the shoe fits
"if the shoe fits"

You posted a graph on rising HC costs and brought up Venezuelan politics on a topic about Net Neutrality.
You're bringing Clown shoes to a basketball game.
Thank you for this video Mr Sanders! Explains it perfectly! We need to protect the  precious rights we have in the USA !
Bernie, why didn't you say a word when #TraitorObama was betraying us and putting "our democratic institutions were in peril"? Real Question
Fukkoff Bernie. You make Jews look bad! #screwbernie
Bern, come on, you know full well that net neutrality will effectively mute all opinions that do not agree with the liberal/prog agenda
#NetNeutrality is an Orwellian term which sounds nice on the exterior but hides the true goal of having gov control the net & censor content
Vote AGAINST #NetNeutrality. It means GOV CONTROL & CENSORSHIP! @SenSanders @RandPaul @AjitPaiFCC @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @justinamash
Please tell me you are joking. Without net neutrality we would have to pay for bundles to access sites.
Net neutrality was adopted during the Obama administration. How the internet worked and operated so smoothly before that is anybody's guess!
Republicans have hijacked this country, we have to take it back and make them pay.
This tweet makes absolutely no sense make Republicans pay ? ??
U rolled over 4 the dems, no 1 can trust U any more, Shut Up & Retire #SellOutSanders
Bernie give it a rest! In all the years of being a senator you've named two post offices, that's quite a record.

These are the guys that want to stop your Internet enjoyment! Wake up!
At this moment when our democratic institutions are in peril here comes Bernie Sanders under Investigation 4 Bank Fraud & Missing campaign $
He knew what Hillary did to him and what she said to his supporters and he still endorsed her he is a sell out
Preach it, Rabbi Bernie, preach it.
'Cui bono' from political interference with independent media? The same ppl who hope to control MSM - Right wing neocons 'Dems'!!
THANK YOU FOR SPREADING OUT ABOUT NET NATURALLY. IT MUST REMAIN NEUTRAL  WE MUST BUST UP THE HUGE CORPORATIONS LIKE YOUTUBE FACEBOOK TWITTER
We have so many things trying to break our democracy down Thanks Bernie
+as is typical GOP/Corps=end them not for legit reason but to > private profit of providers selling OUR priv data+analytics> highest bidders
Well, it's disturbing but let's not rush to judgement.
No.we must rush to protect what we still have left.
Sorry-I'm  referring to @SenSanders disappointing comments on Russia. I agree with you on net neutrality.
Fearful of protection for #NetNeutrality under the present WH disastrous Administration. Can it survive GOP resistance?
Only if we continue our badgering GOP!

I love hearing about how to run a business from a guy that's never built a thing in his life.
I love hearing about how to run a government from a guy that's never worked a day in his life
In case if everyone needed at least one more major reason to hate the shit out of Donald Trump.
Go away.
Important that we still have n Congress ppl like Sen.Sanders 2 alert us 2 danger 2 the Internet.Need 2 protect "net neutrality"!
Does it really matter? I mean the NSA always listens to us. We were never protected. Plus under 4th amendment this is illegal.
Yes because your internet access could be restricted by large companys
Ah okay I thought it was just they could look at your stuff.
Putting the FEC in control of the internet would be devastating. That would mean government would control and could censer the internet
Ayyy
One of the only times I've ever agreed with #crookedBernie
Auction off control of the internet? That would mean someone owns it Now! Corp greed knows no boundaries!
So are you the official voice of the Democrats now Bernie? Or are you just trying to secure your Senate seat???
Bernie let's talk about a topic you know best FRAUD.
Well but u are there senator, what do u are doing there as senator then
good boy
Voted for you in FL primary  and look forward to supporting you again for President. You are wise and a great patriot!
You're a crazy old man- I'm so happy Hillary cheated you out of Election You would not have been good for Americans or America
What does this have to do with saving Net Neutrality?
I want Bernie in 2020, the year we see straight, but not a campaign until then.
That's too bad.
Bank fraud Bernie
This is why I love Bernie Sanders
a neutral internet would be far better served by permanently closing the doors of the @FCC
Trump is a damn disaster and trying to dismantle everything to help the rich and powerful. We need to defeat this monster!
Peril..
Stating the obvious is a good thing for the dems.
Dear Bernie Sanders , question - and you haven't proposed legislation prohibiting " preferred users " because ... too pay-for-play like ?
This is an absolute lie
Trump is not legit Until you call for a new election im ignoring you
God. How old ARE you?
DID you just say that? Military spending - learning how to kill people! Continue the saga
Go away

You may not know a single thing about economics but I can stand with you on this Bernie
I have also wondered how this will affect Stock Trading. Some people will have faster access to trading.
Bernie worry about the fraud case coming up.
There is something definitely wrong with you! You should really go to a psychiatrist and get tested! Also watch yourself on T V! U r sick!
Don't let them do that too!!!
"We're talking about Trump and the Russians." No we're not, you & your Dem buddies are! Can you talk about anything without mentioning ?!
And I'm not even a Trump supporter.
There are more people not buying the narrative anymore. Sorry. Not a Trumpster.
You want federal oversight/control of the internet, so socalist thinkers do not have to contend with different opinioned thinkers, shameful.
let them deciding at your own place :)
why not? all your institutions are under controled by private institutions, your food, money, your mind, imagination, let them guiding you
Ending net neutrality would show that Gov Mafia wants to get the street fight started. They're ready. They have militarized police.
This world has gone to shit.. things are gonna happen, no matter how much of a fight we put up. That's life. That's the government.
Older Americans will have to deal horse to get Heath care!
Stop it Bernie your a sell out foh
Agree! & if you could stop repeating the DNC's Russia hacked the DNC & Podesta emails narrative, that would be awesome!
The only peril our institutions are in is the peril of crazy socialists #BankFraudBernie
Bernie needs to get a life, he has nothing to offer but mouth,
Youre talking about Trump&the Russians. Real americans are praying that ACA gets repealed or cheaper& we're watching Family guy instead of u
Hey Bern, you mean peril like Burlington College?
if we do not stop these nazi jerks now we may lose our freedoms. enough is enough
Institutions are in peril because  your belief that govt knows best what is good for the ppl vs govt power is from consent of the governed!
Nobody likes trump I wish that Bernie Sanders won. That way we would have a better life instead of A GIANT FREAKING WALL IN MEXICO!!!
Thank God for the internet, that is how we defeated Satan's grandmother. #DNCFraudLawsuit #Treason #RICO #LockThemAllUP
Nut
It's a free market not an institution. Al Gore didn't invent the internet for the government.
How's that whole bank fraud thing going?
Bernie you should probably stay off Twitter because you're under FBI investigation you and your wife for fraud. This doesn't surprise me.
Just go away
Actually Sanders is saying if you don't agree with him your not neutral. Not a Trump fan but can't imagine a USA with Sanders at the helm
Neutrality could easily result in a degree of censorship.
America brexit let's vote
I agree w/the gist but, the obscenity statute has to be abolished & the Old Kinderhooks need some new rhetoric. Woodrow Wilson? 100 yrs ago?
Aren't there already laws against monopolies? We don't need more control governments hands use the law break up monopolies
Corporate misinfo??? What about the political parties. Government wants control.  More projection. Dept of misinformation is politics. STOP!
it's going to happen. Then we will learn that the Trump admin is putting pressure on providers to limit data deemed part of the "opposition"
Yes, because who controls the media,  controls the country. Propaganda!
Peril? Worlds been in peril, were just trying to pick up the pieces.
my dude knows whats up.
Devastating. How many people gunna die now???  Where - B.???   Fake tweet!!!
And this man didn't become president. My god how dumb are Americans. #ProudToBeACanadian
Potus n WH n both house of rep n senate are already a disaster . WH is in a paralysis
Thank you senator. I dgaf the internet should remain free for all not just a few

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
Remember when said JFK made you puke and that you idoled fidel castro. Wow such a moving tribute to our dead president.
You look so sick.
Don't let trump succeed in screwing this up too. He wants to hand this to big business and charge avg. citizen more.
DevilCare - also killing off thousends of poor americans. Mass murder in my book.
#berniebankfraud
Flip on her man. You know what I'm talkin about.
DOUBLE STANDARDSare present  FREEDOMof speech&press must be objectively define since Charlie Hebdo horrible Paris attacks evaluation overdue
22 years, roughly, of internet and we've had half title II access that did almost nothing for two years.  You do the math.  Fix regs first.
So, what can we do as regular citizens?
IS NBC COMCAST BAD?WHAT ABOUT FASCIST BUSH/TRUMP/MUROCK/BECHTEL/BLACKWATER FOX-BART/LIMBAUGH/FERGUSON/ETC,GOP DEA$9TyrWAR SWAMP CRIMINALS?!
In this exact moment.

Seriously... how are we going to fix this debacle with a Republican party in denial?
As a rule of thumb, it's almost always a good idea to do exactly the opposite of everything Bernie wants you to do.
We have to come together and stop this.
dang, this is quite stupid to think of them.
if they thought, "if people stopped using the internet, what will happen?"
less money
That we should have 2 fight to keep greed & power away from the net is crazy ... As Bernie says "now more than ever protect Net Neutrality

You're still alive?
Net Neutrality = USA People Historical Values = Liberty + Freedom   - Any change in the equation will screw it up
Go lie your head in the sand @BernieSanders no body is listening to you anymore.
Thanks @SenSanders for supporting #NetNeutrality .  Your level of awesome increases everyday! 
Old geezer wants to hand over the reins of the Internet to his Commie friends
Gracias Bernie! Dios te bendiga
And you secure them how Bernie? Voting against Russian sanctions sends a clear message that Russian attacking elections has no repercusions
It needs to be explained to the people simply. Most people are like what????
Máxima atención a este video.

Quieren controlar nuestra vida a todos los niveles.

#NetNeutralityDay 
#NetNeutrality
Why should someone who uses little bandwidth be forced to subsidize someone who uses a lot of bandwidth? There's no "right" to 4k video.
Which is exactly why trump and  Pai are doing it !!!!
RUSSIA is a pretty big deal, Bernie. Ask Tad Devine.....
We need to pool our own resources-boycott Comcast and twc(oh yeah) spectrum.
Thank you @SenSanders. UN resolution establishing internet use as a basic human right: https://documents-dds-ny.un.org/doc/UNDOC/LTD/G16/131/89/PDF/G1613189.pdf?OpenElement … #NetNeutrality
#DraftBernie
Thank you, Bernie Sanders! Lying has become a profession! We must have rebuttals when personal opinions are presented as truths! Lies kill!
Chill out. Take some time to focus on yourself and your bride. That's what's important.
Not to mention that freedom of speech would be gone without net neutrality! I LOVE FREEDOM OF SPEECH!
One of the first things a totalitarian government does is restrict the flow of information. The Nazis did it. Trump did day one.
We all still enjoying the end-game to our terrifically idiotic "Bernie or Bust" strategy? No? Really? Didn't see any of this coming??
We must protect net neutrality!
@BernieSanders We need a #NetNeutrality Amendment keep the internet equal & protected for every generation otherwise this will come up again
Not only in the US, but in the world too.
No other politician is fighting like Bernie! He is a straight shooter through and through! Listen to him! He knows more than any of us!
We'll all be forced to use TrumpNet State digital media before 2020 gets here and our slide into corporatist/fascism will be complete
alot of ideas. what peril what protection
Hundreds of thousands of people will die if we end #netneutrality
You want to bankrupt our government institutions like you did those college institutions?
Americans banks need protection from you bank fraud bernie and wifey for fraudulent treatment of your bank loans! You Bern are a dead beat
Then DO something about it, Senator!
how about talking about your wifes bank fraud case
@SenSanders, I disagree with many of your positions but am willing to recognize when you are right as well, the internet must be open to all
This is exactly what our leader should be saying
Really, Uncle Sam?
This fraud is still talking?
That seems to be the point why GOP wants FCC to give our internet to the telecom companies that pay for play.
I  AM WORRIED ABOUT THE MANIAC HOLDING THE RED BUTTON IN HIS TINY HAND
bernie.  how is that socialism working for venezuela?  suckers.
the economy of Venezuela is capitalist.
Stand UP for Net Neutrality :)

@HeWhoLovesWords @Di_719 @brokenwing2005
Maybe Al Gore could invent a new 'net.
Pence is Fundamentalist dishonesty vs Trump  fundamental dishonesty. Impeachment is the winner.
hey how's that investigation into your wife's bank fraud going?
@AjitPaiFCC does not care about protections afforded by #NetNeutrality
Shut up
I think that's the point
I'm siding with the Bern. Quantum!
Bernie Sanders for 2020... Please!
He will never win because the elite don't like his mouth and how it says the truth. He doesn't work for their agenda
#BankFraudBernie
He thinks net neutrality has to do with fishing !
Ecclesiastes 10:2 The heart of the wise inclines to the right, but the heart of the fool to the left,    fool
Bernie has never held a job in the private sector. He has been dependent on govt his whole life. He only wants bigger govt controlling you.
Don't let this clown fool you - "Net Neutrality" is socialist-speak for Gov't control/regulation of the internet ala #Venezuela
SENATOR CERTAIN CHANGES ARE FOR THE BETTER ;BUT IN SOME CASES THEY CAN BE DISASTROUS! WHY CHANGE SOMETHING IF IT IS NOT BROKEN!
Go. Away.
Actually, we're talking about your wife's and your money crimes.  He's Money Bernie.  He loves the money.  Money Bernie.
Beautifully said!!
You mean socialists institutions.
Your wrong as usual, I want to purchase a higher speed than my niehbor. Don't care if that's not equal enough for you. My dollars Muppet
Its in peril becouse of socialist like you turning our country into a socialist country instead of a republic.
Don't trust the BS!  See the Bill!  Like " you can keep your doctor"
Why don't you pay for it Bernie your one of the Wealthy Elites
Shouldn't have given up and endorsed the loser then... instead you should have run independent where you had all the people behind you!!!

Man when this old fella understands how important it is that you would think the people who dont want #netNeutrality would under stand
Yeah, I'm worried about fellow Foster Youth being starved and forced to live like neglected pets because of a broken child care system
Wasn't sure about #NetNeautrality. Now that I see old Bernie is in favor, I must be against it. #Thanks4Clarification
Seeing that you cant spell neutrality, i think you being on the other side actually helps us
Simple error. Happens.
