Reminds me of my favorite Jon Stewart quote: "The senate - the only place where 'reconciliation' means 'F you! We're doing it anyway!'"
Typical Liberal quoting Jon Stewart the comedian?!?! No wonder the liberals lost the House, Senate & the Presidency!! Lol
Yea, no wonder. The real question is why can't the R's get anything done?They've been bitching about healthcare for 7 years wtf is the plan?
Democrat slaves are so ignorant!
Seriously though, it's been... fun? Enjoy your funny but ignorant memes. I'm going back to actually doing something good for the world.
Crying, whining & trying to defend the lying, cheating baby murderers is not "actually" doing something good! You are definitely challenged
But sure, continue your twitter rant with yourself because that's helpful or productive. Silly, silly man.
Don't get me started on your use of Reagan to defend your poor excuse for a party. Reagan's rolling in his grave over your choice of pres.
How the fuck did it get passed like that the first time, commie?
ACA went through NOTHING like this. You need to do your research.  Name-calling is never productive.
Took about 18 months and passed with 60 votes in Senate.


If it wasn’t passed by reconciliation then it couldn’t be gutted by the same trick.
ACA was NOT passed by reconciliation.  Why the Republicans think they have found a way to do this is beyond me.  I'm not a wonk.
Please shut up Bernie. This is the process to write legislation. Please get off single payer and figue out a way to fix health insurance.
Single Payer DOES fix HC. Completely. Do the research.
The free market will do the job. I do not want single payer. I do not want a #CharlieGard system. I want to chose what is right for me.
Someone needs to go away read about the Charlie Guard case in full, and then shut up. Stop dragging a dying baby into political bullshit
1. UK has socialized medicine
2. Citizens pay nothing
3. Parents have no say in child's medical     decisions b/c the gov knows what is best
1. UK has free at point of use care.
2. Citizens pay through tax.
3. On rare occ. parents and med. team disagree, court asked to rule
Well done, three points, all wrong. Also on point 3, I think you'll find the same system already exists in the US. Enjoy that revelation
Thank you for clarification but it is socialized medicine. Just look up the definition.
They have to resort to this bc bad intentions can't see daylight or scrutiny. AbUSE of power, misUSE of funds, USEry of all kinds
You do realize this is the same process used to pass the ACA right?
Every administration stands on its own record.
I can still call you out on your own hypocrisy.
Their president grabs pussies. That should be enough to show they don't care about abuse of anyone or anything.
Why not? They have been abusing the constitution for years. They have been preparing the way for lying trump as well. Money is Thier god!
BERNIE  TO  SYRIA!!   Comants  and  the  rakka!
BERNIE  for  EVER!!!
Bernie you should get together with the Republicans instead of the Democrats who screwed you we need health care instead of fighting discuss
http://Tank.you  pour Obama.carre
That's because they don't know what they're doing.
A page from the democratic playbook, how does it feel to get a dose of your own medicine you hypocritical fraud.
Uh... W/ lotsa respect, Sir, but Dems opened that door when using it to pass ACA. Can't really blame Republicans for following the lead. :-/
You mean like the ACA was in 2009?
Thank God they are!
Knock it off already.  Enough partisan nonsense.  You know Obama care is terrible,  help fix it.  Stop pandering for votes
How's your bank fraud case coming along? You're one to talk about abusing power.
Republicans are abusing everything they are on a wild roller coaster ride with Trump at the helm God help them all
Hey Bernie. Socialism. Just like Communism. DOESNT WORK.
Republicans, except a rare few are abusing the American people. Serious abuse of power just like their boss.
News Flash!!!!! You guys created this mess.
just like the dems did for so many years of O?  nice try. go to one of your 3 homes and stay there. so tired of your talking points.
The "process" is broken and has been for a long time.
What process don't they abuse?
Sucks to be a loser doesn't it.
Learned from the best. Mb should just discontinue filibuster if dems hate the way it's being handled
Your wrong communist Trump is keeping his word no so called Obama legacy will be left
#berniebankfraud
HA HA HA HA HA
#PresidentBernie
Get Trump outImpeachHim he is aLunatic he is noPresident ofThe UnitedStates at all He is a business man don't know a dam thing!

They are doing exactly what the Reconciliation allows, no laws are broken or bent. If you don't like it try to get restrictions put on it.
You like the Dems did with the ACA in 2009?
Thanks Bernie for helping to keep us in the loop of craziville.  It is scary every morning to turn on the news to see what the  potus did

Oh like the totally illegal way the democrats stiffed til through using Reconciliation? What you think we're stupid and have forgotten
Like you abused the draft laws? Bank laws, freeloader laws?
How?
Medicare for all
Balance budget amendment
Buyout National Debt
Forgive Student Loans
Universal Healthcare $100 monthly contribution
No Copays
KRC
You're 1 to talk about enacting major social policy changes. You feel people shouldn't keep there own paychecks.
This bill is part of the GOP "agenda". It lays out their true objective of suppressing the sick, poor and anyone considered "different".
Gee. Wonder who they learned from?  Bolshevik Obstructionists  of course
Ds abused Reconciliation to enact #ACA w/o any R. Can you not understand why Rs would turn around & do the same?
And they learned from the best!
Abuse away! Anything if it repeals that disater known as Obama Care!
And changing to socialize medicine isn't a policy change......
Like the Democrats does I've seen the wasteful spending from Democrats.
Abusing process? Oh, like you stealing your neighbor's paper every Sunday morning...for the common good?
Says the socialist under FBI investigation
Isn't that what you want bernie,  major social changes ...
Republicans are abusing everything that America stands for.
When will all of you pols stop playing us against each other with lies? Reps & Dems all are scum and liars seeking power. #bothpartiesrsame!
Just remember they are settin precedent for 2018. Get out and vote.
Isn't that how Obamacare passed?
Republicans abuse the democratic process every time they rin for office; this is just biz as usual for them. :(
Unless you can Transform America by ramming things through with a supermajority. Wake up Sheeple!
No shit..... maybe do something about it?
The whole "Obama care is failing" meme is a lie. The pres & GOP have only sabotaged. Repubs unwilling to fix it to serve Americans needs.
Why should the GOP bail out the dems? They passed it on their own, fix it. Or at least work with the other side to, dont just obstruct
GOP are the obstructionists. Wouldn't  meet in committeew/Dems,crafted their 4 failed versions in secret /forced vote w/o being read SMH
Look in the mirror and tell that to yourself as a socialist. Good luck.
We don't exist to these people we had to scare them & national strike may alarm them! US may learn they have families again!
A national strike, like buy nothing an entire weekend or 4 Sundays running, buy ahead for sunday and see what the loss does!
Really?!?!?...
Just make sure ur wife is on w going to jail for u ! U know u set her up
If they take Obamacare out with just a majority vote, then it's fair to put it back in with just a majority vote when the time comes.
Democrats will block it, but soon the will be campaigning on repeal and replace
GOP always abuses its power, that's all they know. Shamefull
#brainwashed
You love that word "social" don't you? BTW, Bennie, How's that bank fraud thing working out?
Is there anything Republicans won't abuse?
OCare was passed using reconciliation after Scott Brown won Kennedy's seat!
Don't let them get away with it.
You jokers failed on your watch.
Some statements you just have to laugh out loud. Really Bernie?
Yet you were cool with Obamacare passing the same way.
He's old, his memory doesn't go back 7 years
Weak rhetoric my man
Just like the democrats did before them.  The whole bunch are crooks.
Shut. Them. Down! #resist
Fighting for your views always breaks rules; it's politics. A battle is held with words and views, not swords. It's quite a tragic process.
#StopTrump #StopTheGOP
We should repeal any legislation that was enacted by Reconciliation that was not related to spending and revenue.  Start with the #ACA.
Democrats abused the process when they passed Obama care
Your abuse of the American taxpayer is immoral
I say that the military is adjusting their spending to repairing our wounded not modification of humans
Resign immediately!
Doh.
Wake up America
Mega size MedInsurorsPharmaEquip importersK Bros 
=  trump reasons against genocide & needless suffering.
Genocide?  Really?  Crackpot comments like this are y u leftists keep losing.
kidd rock 2020 wtf tour
Again, they moan & groan & then try to fix the game
thats what I do at work
Something the Democrats never did, right!
And yet you did it to pass the worst legislation in history. #TotalPhony
Even though Obamacare passed via Reconciliation and O care represents 1/6th of our nations economy. You sir, are dishonest. What a shock!
The things repubs want to do can't be done in reconciliation. All major bills go through reconciliation in the end so the ACA did too.
BOOOOOORING, LMAO
Ha! Everyone's abusing the process right now. Unprecedented abuse from both sides on everything. Civics training for all members of congress
Well that's how the ACA was enacted. May not be your best argument.
Like the wife abusing the missing millions
Democrats are abusing America.
Why do you keep tainting your good ideas, by giving Repubs a sharp stick in the eye.  Didn't work when we were kids & won't now.
What do you know about social policy?
...says the career politician that has abused the American taxpayers for his entire adult life.
Haw, haw, haw. Reconciliation is how Democrats rammed ACA down our throats.
Bernie, YES it's called the HARRY REID law proses, you didn't complain when the democrats used the Harry Reid "Nuclear Option"
2010, MUCH milder use of reconciliation on ACA, McConnell calls it "The height of legislative arrogance." https://www.mcconnell.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=ED2D4FB6-B7D6-4D49-90BC-FCC8AA6FD0F1 …
As opposed to abusing the banking system as you do. #SelectiveOutrage
Abusing this process?  Did your wife abuse the process when the field of dreams exploded? Yet still took $200,000.
The whole system needs to implode... time to build one that works for all, not just 1%.  American Dream is a sham!
So, how is this different from how the Democrats used reconciliation to give us this horribly damaging ObamaCare?
Thanks for all you do @SenSanders !
Wow dude. Such a "do as I say" comment
Hahaha it's the same process used to enact it...poetic in a way.  #hypocrite
It is incomprehensible that the Democrats created Obamacare and not one of their families is on it!     IT'S AN OUTRAGE........ DTS 
That's how the DEMOCRATIC PARTY passed Obamacare. Through reconciliation! You're so dishonest.
McConnell has broken the Senate. So very sad for America...
Don't you get it you wedgeass? American people do not support your gender identity political bs! Waste of resources and our precious time.
It's usually short term me memory that goes first
Oh Bernie ur  memory is so short
Abuse is your middle name
Tired of hearing Senetors bitch about reconciliation/cloture. Just nuke the filibuster rule already so we can get $hit done 
republicans using illicit means to meet their unjustifiable ends - what a surprise!
And the democrats wrote the playbook
Which was fine when Dems used it under Obama. So, THERE!   More hypocrisy than a society can stand. Ick!
The democrats aren't really above abusing this either. The ACA was passed with a simple majority.
You and your Democrata have abused us for years.  Get government out of our healthcare!
I appreciate President Donald Trumps' eagerness to be involved in Social Networking.
Transgender military ?
You mean, like how #Obamacare was passed by Democrats?
Wrong. ACA was passed thru regular process, with a 60/39 vote. It was amendments to ACA that went thru reconciliation, not the actual bill
Bullshit Bernie-- Dems have done the same!
You are a total fraud and everyone sees through you
"..Not enact major social policy changes"

says the guy pushing for everything socialist in a capitalist country.
Just like Hillary abused you, 'Bern'.
You mean like when the ACA was rammed through?
You screwed us Bernie and here you are acting like a savior
Wait isn't reconciliation how Dems passed Obamacare in the first place? #hypocrite
Oh, that's seriously rich. Did you think we've forgotten how Obamacare was enacted? Nice try, Vladimir.
Any legal arguments, for process abuse? If so please act.
You are a thief!
And u r surprised?? GOP completely #corrupt&complicit - betrayal of US citizens - disgusting
Replace the gop in 2018.
Same as your wife abusing the money given to her college as its president...hmmm seems Socialist Dem may have a problem throwing stones
Question: How does that make him wrong? Here, let me answer for you because I understand you are bad at tests. It doesn't make him wrong.
like the dems are not guilty- bs Bernie
They're not gonna be swayed by calls of "unfair." They're bullies and you gotta punch bullies in the nose.
Didn't you know that when you passed Obamacare ?
Thank you Bernie for keeping us all informed.  So much going on these days and you are my voice of clarity and reason.
Get rid of it and go straight majority vote, 51 yea passes bills. Your complaint has no merit or good outcome for you.
I agree. Unfortunately, it was abused in the original passage of #ACA. This is the danger of political gaming. It's hard to cry foul, now.

They are abusing every thing this country stands for
but it was ok for Dems to pass the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 via reconciliation?

New US #sanctions against #Iran. Counterproductive for all,especially Iranian people and their struggle for #freedom, #peace,and #democracy.
How do we stop them Bernie?  We all know that terrible, illegal things are being done in this administration.  How do we stop it?
So do something
The Obama administration did it to themselves!!! A lot of you people in the government only see what yall want and not the big picture!
As are Democrats.
What a hypocrayte. You used this process to pass ACA in 2009. This is what is wrong with the swamp.  Its ok of you do it not ok 2 undo it.
It is funny you say that because you are criticizing the republicans for doing what the democrats did for eight years.
They are absolutely not abusing this process obviously you don't know what you're talking about as usual.
 they learned that trick from the Democrats! What you talkin bout? SMH
help us all bernie 
Some cannot be helped
SENATOR BERNIE SANDERS...the Soldiers of the REVOLUTION SALUTE YOU! BERNIE SANDERS 2020!
Republicans are abusing the process ....Why? What's the point if it's causing harm to constituents?
No they're not Bernie trying to make America great again and I thank them for that
It's to amend the bill. Period. Fool.
Seems like Republicans hate Americans (unless you're rich)
Bernie change this.....Though I do like your followers changing 
The landscape by fire and ax#MDC
There is no time for reconciliation. No respite. No forgiveness. There is only war. Purge the Trump Heresy.
Yeah if only he didn't sell out to the DNC
They've been abusing the process for years and getting away with it (hello, Gorsuch) so why should they stop now?
Lol, you realize the past years were under Obama and Pelosi. You're hilarious
Duh, and/or hello.
That's what they do.
They care about their donors. Everything they do is for their donors.
Reconciliation is to keep track of your liabilities, to make sure you don't promise to spend what you don't actually have.
Help keep us safe Bernie 
how was the ACA passed? you are a loon
Reconciliation is to account for all transactions that have been taken place and committed to, with the cash account. You have it wrong.
Where is the parliamentarian?
Ahhh somebody is upset because they  can't stop it. Like you couldn't stop the election results .
