Not a Scarborough fan, but once in awhile he is rational. This is one of those days. I commend his forthright reporting, its a nice change.
My child and others like her could die and be forced into institutions just to get medical care
Isn't it time for all to take a cold shower and await the wording of the final bill to be debated. Then throw in our two penneth worth?
Joe is no republican, no need to commend him.
Thank u 4 fighting for us Bernie. Medicare & Medicaid has nothing to do with what party you're registered w/. It's VITAL to protect, expand
R you willing to pay more or you just want the free hand out?FYI this country ran out of money earlier than expected and will have to borrow
U r funny Rusky bot!
You're a f'in socialist Sanders. Pls just take your crook wife an move to Venezuela.  You'll fit right in
What's wrong with Dem.Socialism?? Do u like police Dept.,fire Dept.,army,and social security? All are social ideas&programs. Get edumacated
Fine with police fire and armed forces. SocSec is a ripoff. Govt is to keep us safe then leave us alone
Truth & Integrety.  Thanks!
how much @billclinton  @HillaryClinton are getting for speeches now  that they nothing to sale?! #SethRich was a Bernie supporter!
Hmm only for 1day.before that a Nazi sympathizer.true nut job. Facts are  pesky lil things MOST republiCONS don't have time for or care abt
Tell the truth Bernie-they are not cuts but a slower growth rate. Same amount of money. You fear monger people with lies.
Yeahhhhh....right...BS. just like Reagan gave huge tax breaks to middle class & raised taxes on wealthy more than ever,right?
BOT BOT BOT
Saying Joe's a Republican is a lie.
He's a Republican as they were before the takeover by the far right. It's the new GOP who aren't Republicans. They really need a new name..
Don't they already have factions?  Joe here's a RINO.
Factions yes but they're all self'serving & willing 2 lie & vote against our interests. Politics is dirty but not like now.Not the same GOP
True, not the same; but politics will never be the same after last election, which I'm okay with.  I don't like the two party system.
Two parties OK. It's the Senate that's the problem. A good idea on paper but simply doesn't work. It's an obstruction to good governance.?
Yeah, it may well be an impossible conundrum.  Still the best idea in progress on the planet though!
@JoeNBC can't have it both ways! He BUILT Trump up for years.Gave him a platform! He's partially responsible for this mess we're in.
He used to make me furious when I felt he elevated Trump to normalcy. Now, tho,  I'm grateful for his rare voice of sanity. It's important.
I am too. But it's hard to ignore his past. We wouldn't be in this mess today without his platform! He has a lot of making up to do!
I hear you. He makes it up to me every morning when he calls out corruption & insanity. It may even help more cuz of his history & party.
Joe got  Clinton impeached, called Obama a liar 8 straight years, lied for George W Bush, Got Trump elected, but sure give him a free pass.
Wtf? Clinton wasn't impeached....
Yes he was over a blow job. See Trailer park @JoeNBC
It was actually obstruction and perjury.
Trump Voters gave America away - we have to take it back
Yes..civics ..it's OUR country & WE are their bosses.US not them
Why in the world did he fawn all over him during the campaign? Is he that gullible?
Because they are friends.
Maybe getting away w/ being a bigot shouldn't be priority anymore.
Joe is a hater
Trump will MAGA
The FAKE NEWS MEDIA is dishonest. Sad
Hello Russian bot troll!
Call them out on it Mr Sanders.
Mitch McConnell was a Medicaid recipient as a child with polio, now he doesn't want afflicted children to have the same benefits! Shameful!
99
V.4i
Joe & Mika helped him get elected by providing him with air time on their show, very often.  All for entertainment & more viewers.
Cuomo, Cooper, Burnett, a bunch of others guilty as well. Article awhile ago said he had close to $50 million worth of TV time for nothing.
Bernie! This is the same person and media that shut you down and promoted Trump constantly. No. He gets no credit, ever. Fake af.
Damn. Fucking. Straight.
They're lying because the lying is working. They'll stop lying when someone, anyone, manages to make lying a losing strategy again. #Resist
You are right.  All Faux News is gospel to those who drank the Kool Aide.
it has 2 be deliberate. A clip of them saying one thing & then of them doing exact opposite -Fake News. I've really tried 2 understand 

He should be talking about the massive overspending by democrats to prop up the phony racecard obama for the last 8 years
We need to talk abt the future, not the past.
It's become a stretch to call @JoeNBC a Republican lately.
Exactly,  Yas.. The party's been taken over by far right extremists.
Y
If people can't feed their kids they need to be taken away & placed with a family that can feed them Thats child abuse remove & protect them
@JoeNBC hasn't been a Republican since 1994
880Billion atleast GOP want to cut = Ryan laughing+saying goal for him since college=which we helped pay for his edu !
Wow! Need more of this straightforward commentary. 
http://MoveOn.org 
Bernie did a Great Job!! That's passion that's doing your JOB
LMAO! Are You Serious!! Does "You can keep Your Same Dr and Insurance Plans" Ring a Bell?  Lying is ALL YOU DUMBOCRATS DO!! So Save it Ass!!
This is ironic. Because I remember if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor. Or, I did not share classified information. WDDITM!?
now Paris climate agreement.. budget all evil!! Gambles with all American's & other countries! Obessed POTUS 44 obama... sure miss him!
Liars.. here come Paris Climate deal too!! He is insane..  trump & puppets? Buget is evil!! Alllll jealous Obama! Clean energy jobs! 
Looks like all DT ppl love to lie to us. So they can kill all of us by taking our health care. Make Rich RICHER.
He is not a Republican. You can have him for we do not want him...
AP: "Medicaid spending would increase by $4.7 trillion over a decade."

A "cut" means spending would decrease. @SenSanders is a liar.
Well guess you can cover 1/8th of that out of pocket then

#BERNED
You want to commend the same people that never gave you air time in the primarys? lmao
Mika's with-holding from him till he did something decent.
Yes, that took some balls.
Title 16 is not Medicaid. Medicaid is managed by the states
@JoeNBC is NO Conservative Republican Bern. He's a crooked liar just like the rest of you mean, fascist, violent liberals. Oh murdering too
Yes he lied for eight years to the Republican voters. But do you want him to help or not? Rejecting him now only perpetuates the problem
Unfortunately there are millions of the 'we' who will ignore that they are being screwed and forget the lies when 2018 come around.
They back tracked saying for those who deserve Medicare,  Medicaid and social security it wont be cut. Did they ever say who deserves?
Odd that you never said a peep after the Dems cut 700 billion from Medicare to get Obamacare to pass. Spare us the fake outrage
Funny, where were you frauds when obama stole from the program to fund his failed health care plan? You're all frauds and hypocrites.
Isn't that over 10 years? Dems didn't have a problem STEALING 700Bil PER YEAR from Medicare, did they? WE PAID FOR MEDICARE. Medicaid is not
Don't forget about the dead intern in his office.
Joe ain't no Republican. A RINO maybe.
That man is about as republican as I am a dem..he is not even up to the rino status..
Why do you continue to lie about it?? How many houses did you get in that election buyout, anyway?? Was it worth it, to betray your sheep?
"Who do they think is stupid enough....." Trump supporters are and were dumb enough sir, the're so busy trying to hurt others it backfired!
Poopy lol
People make millions of dollars should not be taxed when they pass it on @SenSanders pay your fair share !
If jobs are created less people will need to be dependent on the government for everything. When do we start holding people accountable
You want RT this to every Republican politician who talks about health insurance.
Thank you Bernie and Joe!
@rubyrd @JoeNBC they lie all the time and they get away with it.
How is lying. They are cutting away at baseline budgeting. Essentially, they are just cutting away at built in increases. That isn't a cut.
Shut the front door!  What is in the White House????? Thx. Bernie!!!!  You are Great for America.  Can't say this with a lot of others!
@GeoffGrr54 @JoeNBC @BritishPM This isYRhero?!Do yrself(&World)aFAVOR,TURNoff CNN MSNBCread,researchquit belvgLies w/outPROOF!



What happened to #ShawnLucas ?
He was found dead, and you never asked why? It is very suspicious that this has not been in the media.
Once Bernie solves Venezuela's problems I'll take him seriously.
What incentive will there be for drs to want to practice when the reimbursement is so little? Be prepared for longer waits for surgeries.
You do realize most good doctors are becoming concierge docs so they wont get screwed by what the govt is trying to do.
Where's @HillaryClinton and her so called revolution?  Nowhere,  it's all my @SenSanders work!  YODA MAN BERNIE!
I don't care which party lies as much as I do that REAL LIVES are ill-affected by actions of those who have no business being in politics.
I started watching your show about 2 months ago. I appreciate your honesty and your morality. Keep telling the truth.
#keepaskingfortruth
"The great enemy of the truth is very often not the lie, deliberate, contrived&dishonest but the myth, persistent,persuasive,unrealistic"JFK
Not a real Republican trying to do the right thing for the people. Medicaid will not be affected. Not like Obama's empty promises.
I thought @SenSanders did a good job trashing Mick Mulvaney
Bernie Joe is a douce if you r so concerned y don't u sell sum of ur homes and kick in the money u stole from ur supporters 2 the treas
Absolutely correct! The American people love and respect you Bernie! Please run in 2020!
You're commending a man whose network lied about UR record, smeared you're character & worked for the woman who stole the primaries from you
You only think it's a lie because you're financially illiterate.
Because the GOP is a bunch of hired lawyers who work for an elite clientele ##why is that so hard to see. GOP/if it's moving/it's lying.
Because Medicaid is a disaster, but I can see why you'd be worried it may be a threat to your endeavors for a 4th home.
Bernie why don't you talk much about Russian interference!
who is "dumb enough"?, the IDIOTS who voted trump in, and r in line to suffer the most!
I can respect that.
He is not a republican
GOP has been doing it 4 decades, so my? to you @JOENBC is why are U STILL one of them? 
#GOPANTICHRISTS #GOPSADISTS
Thank you Bernie and Joe too for speaking truth to power
Bless you Bernie for exposing the lies and fighting for truth and fairness!
Hey Liar. He isn't a Republican so stop lying. What beach house is this teeet coming from. Your wealth is ok but not ok for middle class.
How do we stop this?  How do we get our politicians to be accountable for what they say?
WOW! U can't get any clearer than that! Now if only he could get booked on Fox News 2 say it...
We need to take our country back and have people like you in office. I am sick of the entire White House
Because they take their lead from DJT. Please keep fighting for us, Sen. Sanders.

Justice for Seth Rich .This is the petition link if you haven't signed yet please retweet https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/868619692067479552 …
serving president soros
@Joenbc isn't a real republican. He only plays one on TV...
Joe needs to keep calling these bastards on their LIES!!!
@CollinwoodMN A conservative who cares about poor Americans. Where are the rest of them? Taking money from Russia I guess
Need more folks like him on the right!
Umm, no- JoeMSN is a globalist neo-con. You think Obama DIDN'T lie about Obamacare. Can we please have a real non hating discussion please?
WHY DON'T THE MEDIA BREAKDOWN HOW LESS DEVELOPED NATIONS TAKE CARE OF THEIR CITIZENS HEALTHCARE FOR ALL ?? UNDERCOVER TRUMPSTERS?
BLACKS PAY ENOUGH TAX DOLLARS ALONE FOR HEALTHCARE FOR ALL AMERICA IF REPUBLICANS STOP MISUSING THESE TAX DOLLARS.
STOP LETTING TRUMPSTERS GET AWAY WITH FREE HEALTHCARE TALK.
IT IS TAX DOLLARS AT WORK. BLACK TAX DOLLARS AS WELL. SO STOP THE FREE TALK.
There need to be an independent study on the mentality of Trumpsters who are so foolish as to hurt themselves just to go along with anything
Keep exposing lies. Be the voice of those with less possibilities to be heard. Thank you
Tweeting is easy. What happened when ur behind was teared by @HillaryClinton during nomination & u accepted it? Y u didn't fight 4 is then?
It's the same reason Bernie boy because of which Obama & Nancy refused to accept that #ACA is an excision of Medicaid.
Thanks Karl
Well said!
Listen people
Aaaa
Joe , always good for a laugh , what nut job.
Oregon stabber was your supporter
Thats terrible
Well these #gop voters were stupid enough to vote for the Liar in Chief. They can't discern fact from fiction on any level.
Thank you Joe, the GOP is sick. What is wrong with you. Christians? My family were friends of the Reagans, they would be disgusted with You!
.Hypocrisy. The corporate party DNC does not care about public any more than the GOP care. DNC could have had single payer. Obama passed.
@cathymcmorris is one of the biggest liars around!
The Repubs, along with Trump will continue to lie until Repubs are all voted out of office in 2018. They can't lie their way out of that
They only represent billionaires & the corporate interest and falsely market themselves as conservative party of the people all lies lies
Go away, old man.
Just unacceptable answer, a lie is a lie & it not going to change no matter how they spin it!
Where are you getting these numbers from? Medicaid doesn't even cost $850 Billion
Retire. Just. Go. Away.
Sounds great, until you realize that math is a real thing.

@einheit Or Not Lying Like This ?
Gentlemen please tell. Me what's the difference between a communist and a Democrat?
You dont assume that every barking dog is good and happy to see you why assume that every doctor is good. @PBS @realDonaldTrump @FOXTV
Thanks!
wrong
Jobs Jobs Jobs Bernie...not more entitlements!
#SelfishnessIsAMentalDisorder
Separate the real service from the con men that pray on people's anxieties about their health. @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove @NewsHour
Joe isnt a conservative moron
Be realistic Bernie, how many Medicaid con doctors are out there. Sister went  to CAMCare in NJ they did nothing for her bet they billed gov
Stop the lies- the buck stops here.
@JoeNBC isn't a republican anymore. He pretty much admitted it on his show.
@MiaMoe88 @JoeNBC no more two party control Period Third party time Green party
They are led by a pathological liar and his shady cohorts willing to sell  US down the Volga.
Soul-less being's....
Congratulations Joe.
You the best @JoeNBC
This man has some unhinging going on, in love with Mika.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @POTUS @VP vast majority of Americans will not let this happen.  Your base will turn on you once they feel it.
Where is your outrage on Trump Mr Sanders. Funny how your not commenting or pushing for impeachment. Oh...Russia is your friend
you should not be able to lie or twist stuff around that should be a law
But they r still lying & nobody in Republican leadership r speaking up they r putting Trump & party over country especially with the poor
