Bernie is a millionaire" Whom has never sold or produced a thing! He got rich off tax payers , buy cheating the system . Shameful! #MAGA
He sold millions of books, Einstein.
Are you tweeting from your third house on the lake?  Are you tweeting from the home in Washington DC?   You should invite homeless Vets in
Uh… y'mean his mortgaged 1-bdrm flat in DC, their 4-bdrm 2.5-bath family home in VT, & Jane's cabin bought with inheritance from her folks?
That is a lot of wealth for one family, it should be redistributed.  Cabin is a stretch, it is a very large house.
"A very large house"? NOT! Sorry, but I think they have a reasonable net worth for a working couple now in their 70s who pay their taxes.
Iran loves you!
Saudi Arabia loves you buddy.
As royal family of saudi or the peoples!?
You are the 1%. Stop lying!
A eulogy for the tax cuts: https://medium.com/roosevelt-institute/a-eulogy-for-the-kansas-tax-cuts-1534a44f1e3f … RIP
I'm not wealthy like u but why is a tax cut which benefits me with more 2 spend on my family so bad in your eyes? Hypocrite! Give your $$$
Yes. Very proud of KS legislators that worked across party lines to end failed experiment of gov & his rich buddies. Sun is now shining.
If trickle down doesn't work how does the poor have any money let alone a job?  Trickle down is the only way it works.
Seriously please just go read ANY book on economics. Pick one at random for crying out loud. It's in the same camp as "flat earth" theory.
Paper theory vs reality. How does a poor person have a job or make any money unless someone with money "trickles it down"?
But to answer your question: by entering a contract that exchanges a service for currency with consumers.
Which very often includes businesses, or properties that working people must rent, instead of being able to buy because of wage pressures.
This is moot.  Buy or rent doesn't change the flow of money.
Money goes from poor to rich.
you were quoted by @NBCNews
Go away please. We get it. The 1% sucks. Now get in the Democrats' pool, expand your robotic, repetitive message, or get out of the way.
Are you included in that or are you evading it nicely?
PFT...
Pretty sure the blame for that lies in Brownback moreso than tax cuts
I guess I don't get the distinction? It's his tax cuts that are running the economy into the ground.
Right.  Just wanna make sure when we talk devastating tax cuts, that his name is mentioned as often as possible as a reminder
But this isn't just a Brownback problem, this is a trickle down GOP economics problem. Same w/ Jindal's Louisiana.
I agree.  I just find that especially here, people like to talk about the major issues without mentioning the admin that caused them
Fair enough. Heh, never going to deny anybody the opportunity to drag Brownback's name through the mud.
It's almost the same scenario.  Let's keep doing things the same way, cause change is scary... it'll probably work... eventually... right?
Trump wants to make Brownback Kansas the model for the US. Money for the rich, devestation for everyone else.
Senses have been come to
Who else now?
When are they going to tax you more Mr Millionaire?
Red rep states need to turn 'commie' red !! Only way to save America
Maybe politicians should try cutting spending. ITS NOT YOUR FUCKING MONEY
Greed is good
@politico @HuffPost Maybe you should share your secret of getting to 13.5% on your million.
Keep pointing the finger at rich people to stop any kind of tax break for everyone. Yay big fat government at the expense of us all. Dumb
Holy shit, Kansas did something right for the people? Makes me able to hold my head a little higher.
3 houses, 700k book deal.  Socialist.   Riiiight
Inequality is wrong. EVERYONE should have to pay federal income taxes. Not just the poor and middle class. Glad they r making changes!
Thanks. It's taken years to throw off the shackles of Brownback, Laffer and the Kochs
EXPERIMENT: FAILED
Maybe now as one of the dwindling civil servants of Kansas I'll actually get a raise. Maybe.
Kansas proves that #tax #cuts for the wealthy hurt not grow the economy. Yet, #GOP prefers to help the #wealthy & #hurt those in need.
And how much did you pay in taxes, Bernie?
Because RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA COMEY'S LETTER RUSSIA RUSSIA HACKED ELECTIONS EMAIL SERVER RUSSIA RUSSIA and also Russia.
who  much you pay in taxes... hypocrite  ( show your taxes )
I found someone that missed the memo. He submitted that 'boring' return in it's entirety. Most of the complainers viewed it &simply went mum
Hey Bern, why not tell Kansas to CUT their DAMM SPENDING!!
Bern, this didn't even effect the wealthy! You are such a liar!
. . . says the millionaire Senator who pays a paltry 13% tax rate.  Taxes for thee, but not for me.
Because nothing says you are in the US like 72% taxes.
@GroverNorquist great job with regards to Kansas. News flash: Cutting taxes for the rich doesn't work. Just ask Chris Christie.
Congrats Kansas leg for doing your job-protecting your citizens; now if we could say the same about the GOP
R's did the right then maybe fed gov R' s will learn and follow the lead
The Swordless Beheading of the Unwanted by Paul Ayn-Ryan.
Great going Kansas!
It's about time!
Meanwhile in DC, @GOP looks to KS as model for tax reform... #whatcouldgowrong?
perfect example of extreme tax cuts doesn't work for the economy
Now if the rest of the red states can come to their senses

Congratulations for the government stealing more property from its citizens... so that it can wastefully use. Woohoo!
How do you feel about California SB562 passing senate votes?
Herbert Hoover - It Failed!
Reagan - It Failed!
Bush - It Failed 
Brownback (Kansas) - It Failed!
Now Ryan want's to push it today... ??
More bullshit from bernsie the blow hard bullshivik- try telling the truth for a change- incompetent progressive government is the cause.
Thank god!! Thought I was going to have to sell my lambo 
No congratulations for Ohio in losing another insurer from Obamacare? Nice job you silly socialist.
too bad Obama made the Bush temporary tax cuts for the wealthy permanent. We need a 3rd party desperately!
Be honest.  That roll back is ONLY because tax cut was 'YUGE' fiasco for the state.  Had to learn the hard way.  So stupid.  SMH!
@EricDinowitz
Nice hypocrite socialist and our newest shameful millionaire Bernie !  How's Hillary
Your state looks down their noses at Kansas.
Good thing you don't live their seeing how your a millionaire
Bernie the Marxist should worry his own devestated state.
#SethRich #DraftBernie #Divest #DNCFraudLawsuit  #Jaffe4Congress #Medicare4All #BlackLivesMatter #Wikileaks #NoTPP #DemExit #JulianAssange
FINALLY something that makes sense in this state!
Better late than never. This is what INCOMPETENT @realDonaldTrump wants to do w/the USA -- make it into one big bankrupt Kansas!
It may be to late; Brownback has bankrupted Kansas. May take years to recover.
Trickle down economics is BS #NoMoreTaxCuts
Oh Bernie why don't you worry about and pay your own taxes.!!! You and your wife need to stop bankrupting colleges too.
Brownback is a menace 
Bad policies like this will continue as long the American people see politics linear.
So sick of your fascination with taxiothe wealthy!!! How about a flat tax so we all pay the same
About time to take back Kansas
thank you from iran
It will take decades to get out of the hole they are currently in.
The loss in the education system will cause a ripple effect felt longer.
That's right Bernie all income levels should have tax cuts More money in pockets 2 spend better 4 economy More tax money 2 gov't more waste.
BERNIE2020
Hey Bern, how much tax did you pay on the million you brought in last year? Did you pay a rate anywhere near what you expect others to pay?
Pot meet Kettle. Such a damn Hypocrite! You will have the right to complain when YOU start paying ur fair share. 13% tax rate last yr. huh?
Just like you said in February, only a few blocks from our Capitol Building - Kansas is ground zero for the Revolution!
How can we mobilize and spread this progress to Wisconsin, Mr. Sanders?
Thank you.
What's it like to be a 1%
Some good news!
Hey @SenSanders, you've been taking every possible deduction on your own taxes. Why not go for standard deduction & help out less wealthy?
Why not go after both?
Why not leave Bernie alone? He's not a 1%er. And I'll wait breathlessly for your tweets about Trump not paying enough...#DrainTheTrumpSwamp
I do get a tad testy when millionaires like Bernie who take every deduction they can, point fingers re taxes. When Trump starts pointing...
Oh brother. Here's some testy for you: Go kiss Trump's ass and leave Bernie the hell alone.
Bernie what's your tax bracket? What about the other millionaires tax bracket? How bout Hillary and her foundation that needs auditing? 
Quit saying "for the wealthy" Bern. This affects everyone.
Please reply with how much of your 1.5 million income that you will donate to govt so you can pay your fair share .
Looks like author Frank Thomas and his book, What's the matter with Kansas. Showed some people the light.
We need outrageous tax breaks Dirty Don takes rolled back so he pays taxes.
Taxes are the price we pay to live in a civilized, modern, and advanced society. Kansas is the poster child for the tax cuts over all mantra
Yeah, businesses will leave a state where consumers finally have money to spend on products, that makes sense.
Right... you don't even understand the picture used as your avatar, surely you are an expert in everything. Businesses can't stay open when
There are no consumers to buy their products. I think the small bite in taxes will more than likely be made up by the profits.
So the money that went into those tax breaks goes where exactly...?
Is this what we'll soon experience at a national level with the GOP& Trump proposals? No economic growth, rich richer, a generation lost?
30 years of Economics is showing that if you give rich people a tax break, they spend it on their portfolios.
Just on time for reelection 2018 midterms. These Republicans are voting for their survival, NOT for KS.  Vote them out.
You're so focused on trying to make your followers resent the rich. Has a poor person ever given you a job?
has a rich person?
Businesses and businessmen must learn that government is not a business that is to be ran as a business ,it (gov't ) is so much more than
Ah, the fatty old socialist campaign loser is happy.
That is because the state is broke.
Trickle down economics proven to be a failed model once again yet the @GOP insists on ignoring this fact .
They don't really care. It provides just enough of a fig leaf to cover up the naked avarice of their policy goals
Takes courage to accept something isn't working & change must happen to make life better for all. Top 1% didn't invest in 99% on their own.
The 1% needs to forfeit their wealth to the gov. I'm bringing a motion to the floor that will strip away income/assets in excess of $300k.
BTW, how are you and your allegedly corrupt wife's millions? Sitting well with your hypocritical commentary?
Kansas needed even more tax cuts for wealthy! Any Fuzzy Math student knows you need to completely bankrupt an economy b4 trickle down works.
Did it get so bad that the rich people decided to leave?
Maybe there is hope I can move back to my home state after medical training. Schools for my children will hopefully stop being gutted.
Love this!!  Kansas has spoken!!!
Kansas voters need to remember this at the next election. The trend seems to be for REPUBLICANS is to gut the government for $, then run.
It just seems they are not even trying to hide it anymore. If one bill fails try to pass a different one. Take from the poor & give to rich
perhaps some folks in KS Senate would give @speakerryan a quick
Now maybe he can stop gutting everything so he can rob Peter to pay Paul trying to hide the fact that trickle down doesn't work & never has!
Holy crap man! Stop drinking the Koolaid. You feel better, I promise.  @ToleranceIsHate  (nice handle )
I know you are now thru your behavior & resorting to name calling. You've earned a block because you can't be decent. Have a nice day.
Hahshaha supply side economic FAIL!!!!
yeah! it goes against you too. How much did you make last year??????
In 2015 $205K. 2016 he also received an $858K book advance. Bet'cha he'll pay proper taxes on it, instead of stashing it in the Caymans.
we hope so!
Vermont will never do that.
I dont thnk we are in Kansas, USA anymore toto!
Wha…? Bernie isn't in favor of paying taxes according to one's income bracket, including himself?
Another Tea Party Fail.
Congress can override a president's actions. It was done shortly after civil war. Catch is getting all to agree, that is hardest part.
Republicans=Interests of wealthy and corporations, Democrats=Interests of the people.
Ha! You are funny. Republicans and Democrats =interests of wealthy and corporations. If you believe differently you are fooling yourself.
This was disastrous. Please use  KS as an example of why these policies does not work!!
Yes.  Because taxing the wealthy has been super successful. They don't move their money or their houses. They just pay. #dumb. #sarcasm
Kansas was supposed to be a template for Republican tax cuts across the country. Now it serves as a warning against making those cuts.
How about spending less comrade? Then you don't have to gin up a mob of stupid/resentful people to take other peoples money to buy votes.
Indeed! Finally had some common sense in KS!!
So the socialist programs can continue to squize people that wrk hard for their money 2 acomodate the ones who'll get it and vote democrat
SENATOR SANDERS KANSAS ;AND OTHER STATES ;WILL BE THE LIGHT FOR FAIR; AND JUST POLICIES !THAT PEOPLE OF AMERICA SEEK! WHERE THERE IS BAD JUD
Well Bernie, you made a million last year and fly in private jets!
We're so proud of our brave lawmakers who had the guts to overturn Brownback's veto. I've never been happier about a tax hike! 
You mean trickle down economics don't work, have never worked, and will never work and only ignorant jackasses believe it will? Who knew?
But what about free healthcare?
Hey 1 million dollar man. Think you might want to look in the mirror Bern. Your one of those so called wealthy people.
Guess Repukes found the cuts untenable vis-a-vis their next election. Huh.
Sanders you have no credibility.
You are a sellout.
Sold the dreams of millions of young people to crooked hillary. Purchased a house with $
Well Well Well...business man running state, not working? Trickle down not working...ummm
Could've been worse, he could've been a socialist community organizer with zero biz experience, we all know THAT doesn't work.
Look, everyone thinks they know something about Kansas lol
This isnt hard stuff. Its been explained multiple times by different ppl who would know a lot. Also trickle down doesnt work
So much for trickle down economics.
Money talks
There is still hope 
ops..))))dr try by in no...too really group you it..Substituting
Uuhhhh..action institution

Just remember how many of them are Democrats and donated to Hillary's billion $ plus, failed campaign.
this is not a party issue! this is an economic issue and you are the recipient of the corruption!
Good Ole Kansas! Now if only more states followed suit Americia could easily find her way back...
Maybe in 2018 Oklahoma will do the samex
Finally some small measure of common sense coming to a few Republicans.
Some smart representatives for a change

If you want to see the perfect case study for the fraud that is "trickle down economics" then look no further than Kansas under Brownback.
Nah
Yah
Lah
Di
Da?
you are an honourable man. You should be president
Finally
How long will it take to recoup their losses? Or for the middle class to recover?
The grand GOP trickle down experiment has failed once again. How many more times must we try?
Break and then point out how it doesn't work, defund it and point out how its a waste of what funds it gets, over and over and over again.
Rare good news from Kansas.
Wasn't this supposed to be the ultimate test of republican ideas? So how did that work out?
Brian, the choice was made to enact this plan... They chose poorly. It's good to see that the experiment is at an end.
Incredible...it's a great start
progress comes one step at a time
That's like saying congratulations for cleaning up after committing a murder.
Now we just need the federal government's budget to see the problems with their model.
Trickle down economics only works for the wealthy.
Bernie is doing pretty well.
Way to go @kansbobans
Hell yeah! 
It's a nice start
democrats ready to spend other people money all the time
Their own money u brainless oaf. The cuts were a disaster and now the elected officials are doing their jobs
It is still their money not the government
Are you one of those idiots thats believes taxation is theft? Cuz if so then im done talking to someone living in another reality.
It is otherwise the constitution would not have been amended!  On the other hand, how much tax do you want to charge a successful person?
you must be one of those losers that wants a gov hand out!  Get a job and earn it yourself
Funny how ppl who are against trickle down have jobs and gladly pay taxes because of helps everyone.
