The tax cuts, go to his billionaire friends/big business. Those of us though, way, way down on the economic totem pole...
...are picking up the tab, including, all the POTUS' tabs, such as his luxurious golf weekends... and Mike Pences exit stage left, from...
...the Colts game.. this pres, never ceases to amaze me, with his daily dose of bullshit.. how did this happen..??
688mz9zlzc82nekimizeezzi MN I,
Yes, Sen Sanders, the Trump machine lies. Should have & should now focus on how to oust Trump because now their path to destroy is wide open
Bernie you want to RAISE TAXES! You will need a 90% tax TO PAY for Universal health care!

Sorry the taxes dosent have to be higher depends what you are ready to pay for..war??rockets??
Sure, we'll just let Iran and NK blow us & Israel up, but at least we will get to sit in the doctor's office for 8 hrs before it happens
The UN has done nothing but enable these rogue regimes and oppose Israel. And there is no NATO without US military.
We have 3 very strong military nations in the world + all of the rest,if all join together we don’t have to ruin our countries with defence-
Liberal: “the establishment is evil” Logical person: “ then why make the government bigger and more powerful?”
Liberal: “yeah but still “
Get rid of Trump/GOP budget or get of Trump/Pince
Aren't you a millionaire?
Everything he does is just to make sure he destroys @BarackObama care such a pity for all Americans I just wish people would wake up
America DID wake up in 2016, Katherine. That's why @realDonaldTrump is in the Oval Office and Democrats are wondering around in the woods.
The heart iOS for Bernie
Sanders Pelosi and Schumer all tell you it's no good but they won't tell you why or how to do it

@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner 
You guys should legalize MJ and tax it at 50% before the Religious 225 exception gets popular
Oh no,we need to tax the shit out of everyone in order for you Democrats, or should I say socialist to be happy
Like I’d Listen to you!
Where can I find the current and specific elements of the tax proposal?
Wow, nice ride  Hillary's payoff? Hypocrisy, you're loaded with it 

That's the extent of your debate skills. Unfunny pictures that add nothing. Top-notch citizenship.
YOU don't know shit we would be better off if Sanders was President. Republicans are giving 2 the Rich and us poor people pay 4 that no nono
"The analysis found that nearly 30 percent of those in the middle class could see their taxes increase."
I didn't hear that he said the rich nt middle class troll
Please @SenSanders do something! It only takes a third of the Senate to impose the #25thAmmendment. Get 45 out!
I'm middle class. When I looked at trump's plan changing from 7 tier to 3. It would save me some money. Tell us what you see Bernie.
To clarify, I am not a Trump fan at all. I just want the truth on the tax plans.
...and you think you are going to get the truth from a Democrat/Liberal? That's funny!!
UR just pissed b/c it would take money out of ur crookedly lined pocket. U, sir, r a hypocrite w/your criminal ways. UR not 4 ppl. Only 4 u
Good grief, there's absolutely no bottom to the depths of lefty stupidity
communist and will always b1 thts wht u wnted for USA it will gv us a BIG tax cut +finally a SOCIAL SECURITY RAISE for elderly under Obama 0
Facts Bernie show us Facts!
For example....?
Bernie. No one trusts u. U sold yourself to crooked Hillary, and stabbed ur supporters in the back
Their definition of middle class is those who only make a few million per year but under a billion.
40 years of tax cuts. Where are the jobs?
It doesn't matter. Half the country will not acknowledge any belief until it's fed to them by a rightwing pundit. The only realistic prospect we have is finding a way to stop them, no matter how many want to cease thought and become corporate automata.
YOU ARE AN economic genius. So is you wife.
Here we go again! Bad enough Obama made Bush tax breaks for the rich permanent now they want more  after making middle class working poor!
Tell us what the truth is bernie your a liar
All he does is lie then complain when news reports his lies....fake news my ass!!
You’ll always be our POTUS President Sanders!
Which house did you tweet this from?
Trump and all his deranged animals
Undo income redistribution that happened 1980-2014. Top .001 got 612% increase (of billions), bottom 50% essentially nothing. Piketty et al.
Well show us your truth instead of denying his.
Why should anyone believe a sellout like you?  Do you get another house to say this?
But we’re “the highest taxed country in the world.” I want my tax cuts dammit! May the 1% reign like never b4. Long live the 1/10 of the 1%.
Bernie you have accomplished zero in your 25 years in Congress, but throw stones at every proposal to improve things for working Americans.
Can you do a podcast that explains the @realDonaldTrump tax cuts?
Bernie and as usual you never back up you claims. You are making a statement that Trump and Rep leaders are liars. Bernie stop with nonsense
All u want to do is take more money out of hard working Americans!!!
Bernie and Jane Sanders, under FBI investigation for bank fraud!
You wouldn’t know what cutting taxes was if it sat on your face, Bern. Not your cup of tea.
Its actually 3 tax cuts for the rich!! 1. corporate tax cut which will give them $ in dividends   2. 39.5% to 35% income tax cut    3. Repeal estate tax.
@realDonaldTrump is the compulsive, consummate liar as always  Eventually it will come to haunt him.  cc:  @nytimes ,@washingtonpost .@CNN
I heard your tax rate was around 13 percent. Are you mad about the middle class or the fact your taxes will go up.
Bernie you better be getting ready to run Cruz the business. I want a T.K.O first round.
you are so right when the tax on lowest bracket is going from 10% to 12% how is this a decrease What a liar of a president
You are giving him too much credit. He says "bigly".
If you believe anything Socialist Bernie has to say you are very very gullible, and maybe not to swift.
I seem to think the same about anyone who believes trump
Fair enough
If you like this video, please click on the subscription.
Why don't you vote for controlled government spending quit wasting tax money and quit lying because we know you are
STOP REPEATING THEIR LIES IN YOUR HEADLINES.
Well, you boys and girls are moving as fast as snail while this stupid guy destroying the country as fast as tornado
Creep
That's the problem with a single payer program.  It's budget cuts are made in a top down fashion
Bernie ear sh----tttt
More lies
More people are listening to the lies they tell than the facts you say #newplan
I could go out in my state alone, but i haven't the means to travel the country, n guarantee 4/5 ths want impeachment,  and would sign unfit
I appolgize Bernie, for all the tweets please pass on to all other hardworking senate, congress ppl that can help speed up. 25th, SOS
How much longer, does senate, and congress going to waste their time on work and bills this tripolar ego maniac goin to destroy, sick of it
PLEADING, WE'D RATHER HAVE PAUL RYAN ANYTHING IS BETTER THAN THAT LUNATIC, SOMEONE PLEASE CALL MEN IN WHITE JACKETS, THIS GUY,  MENTALLY ILL
Doctor's survey, Americans are on triple depression medication iknw who has to start process of 25th amendment, PLEASE I AND 3/4 US ARE,,,
Dear Bernie, it is a fact that everything trump has said or done has been to disttroy American values, hurt ppl and always pump his ego,,
I wonder if @SenSanders have even read the GOP Tax Plan? If @SenSanders had he would know that it does give a HUGE tax cut for Middle Class.
Okay mr. Socialist freebie man

it is a cut, better than no cut.
Is the cut "bigly" as well? Cuz that's the cut that I want.
when do you sell your mansions and live like the middle-class people you so much love? No? oh, ok keep lecturing then, it's easier.
The repulicans under trump d as their leader does, they lLIE ABOUT about everything to accomplish EVERYTHING
A link to proposed taxes?
define "middle class" before you begin pontificating about how they will be affected.
It is true, stop the lies Sanders.
how many must die this time?!!!!
Nice response from a man who got bought off by Hillary.
It's high time the top 1% pay their share of taxes and contribute to tax reform and contribute to taxes this is unAmerican to allow again
What is the truth, Bernie?
The poor,lower,middle upper class, DACA & wealthy have paid taxes supporting the http://govt.Top  1%since Reagan haven't paid.
No kidding Bern. Wouldn't it be great fun to see Donald's tax return. Bet it's hiding something large.
There is no doubt in my mind that Netanyahu Trump Cohen & Pence are White Power!
I would like to see charts graphs and calculations on all the talk
GOP lie, how shocking
Nope he just LOVES 2 lied 2 the people about "giving tax 4 the middle/poor" people in the U.S. #LierInCheif #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrumpNow
BS... we are already paying for Medicare for all — we just pay it to billionaires...
The only thing that will get cut is the throats of the middle-class the rich richer & more being impoverished by paying for it
What can we do to stop this from happening Bernie Sanders??
Trump's white supremacist base all work part time at pizza parlors and hot dog carts. Can't raise tax when you earn nothing!
Republicans start wars 2 justify the defense budget that never decreases 2 create flag waving sheep 2donate money in the name of patriotism
I love my country my family has died in these wars but to blindly follow the lies you are being a nationalist not a patriot
Why?
Here's a little truth Bernie.  You're a communist, and your wife is under investigation by the FBI...  Frauds don't fall far from the tree.
Trump’s “tax plan” will result in change for a piggy bank for most hard working Americans.  Wealthy will reap all the benefits! More lies DT
In other words - Drumpf and GOP are lying AGAIN! Lying about ACA & causing it’s destruction which will cost EVERYONE more than the tax cut
It's more likely to be a middle finger instead.
Glad your not are president liar.  Full of yourself and lies.  Everything is against americans since your not president right?
Expand on your hyperbole please
I don’t support Trump but provide evidence to substantiate your claim.  No sound bites or talking points!
Sound bites are clips of entire speeches outlining this. And his plan is outntuere for the world to see
tax fraud donny
Just a taste. They get a little sip of the juice.
Keep speaking the truth
There is no middle class anymore the only ppl to benefit from those tax cuts are the 1%ers while the rest of us scrape by
Calm down
Yep....Trump and GOP do not and can not tell the truth.  All they give us is more fake news.
Why aren't democrats running numbers for middle class tax payers from every state and publishing data? What is the democrat tax proposal?
RepubliCON lies.  Next question.
Liberal.
#impeachtrumppence#maga
In order for free tuition somebody would have to pay, professors, teacher's, lights books and the only way you could do that is raise taxes
Show us the proof
Tax increase on soda is worse!
http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/16/health/sugar-soda-fee-10-pence-study/ …
Visit #RxRankings for #LGBT cures
"bigly"
Do you even know anybody in the middle class?
HEY THANKS FOR HELPING HIM INTO OFFICE.

Bernie, are you sure it's not a "bigly" tax cut?
You should move to Venezuela sent you like socialism so much
You are Delusional

Bullshit bernie bullshit bernie Sanders initials are B S
Please keep this information out there. Trump followers are completely blind to the truth!
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah
You're one cause of this maniac being elected. Bleat all you want it's not helping.#25th45th
Thank u for standing up 4 women all ur life. I am ashamed of the women upset bc u will b at #womensconvention
#classwarfare
Both sides should agree that the #taxcode is a major issue. #TaxReform republicans r being too generic. FIX THE BLOODY TAX CODE
Bernie you say that about literally every tax cut no matter what side is offering it
What would you know about a middle class. Socialism is the definition of eliminating the middle class.

Your colleague #MaxineWaters paid $10g for Hamilton tickets and considers it a fund raiser!
#KansasCrisis
...and if Bernie says it, it must be true. Typical Liberal, spewing garbage with nothing to back it up.
Honestly, I’d like to see more of my tax money going to my state rather than going into the amorphous federal void.  #keepitlocal
Fake news. Over 50% will pay NO tax AND get Un-earned income tax payer money.
the education and the medicare should be reformed, but these should not be a reason why the GOV. pay the bill.
This curmudgeon idiot has never held a job in his life now all the sudden he's an economical genius..#BankFraudBernie is a farce
Bernie, although I still have your gear as part of my photo ID, I am disappointed dat you sold out to Her. Trump is better. LockHerUp
Bernie
I was really hoping for 8 years of Bernie, I even wrote you in.  I'm really disappointed in this country.
Thank you Bernie Sanders for being a voice of reason in a government full of corruption!
Senator Sanders is farther from the truth.
Something is always better than nothing. Either compromise or go home so someone else can step in and work towards a better America!
Funny that your party had the House for 8 years and done nothing for the tax code but all liberals want to talk now.
Really? Most middle class family's use only standard deductions. With that doubled they pay more? BULLSHIT
You lie!
Bernie you wouldn’t know truth if it bit you in the ass!
Following u & 12 other hi-profile DEMs. ALL of ur tweets read the same! COMPLAIN, CRITICIZE, OBSTRUCT - fueling divide & anger. NOT GOOD!!!
What is really terrifying is the huge deficit that is going to follow.
As per their usual
Thrump chooses to buy more weapons, neglecting the health of his own people. What strange decition. Is that what America votes for?
Totally true and a bipartisan 700 Billion dollar Pentagon budget has nothing to do with security. Why are you onboard?
Well they do believe the top .02% is the middle class.
Republicrooks and their lies
Your truth fear monger
I’m with you Bernie! But the Democrats need to step it up, big time, or it’s game over!
Nothing Trump or the Repugs say is true. They make Nazi & Communists look like amateur liars.
Sane people know and understand. It’s #45 and #Cult45 that you have to talk slowly for. Pictures probably wouldn’t be a bad idea either.
Like you gave us anything in the last 40 years
Document or bernie you are the biggest liar.
Can you simply report on when Trump tells the truth?
Poorest population 2% increase. Poverty line will get 3% decrease. Middle stays the same. Middle upper 8% decrease. Top 1% = 4.6% decrease
Deplorable
Every time you open you mouth something comes out with Trump in it...you must love that guy very much because your always talking about him.
Haven't heard anything about that lately back in 87 you said Medicaid for all would bankrupt the country
