Interesting choice of words. #StrongerTogether sounds familiar. Is that what you were doing last Nov? Don't think so.
He literally endorsed a candidate that worked with the dnc to screw him this is the second time democrats have done this what more do u want
Bullshit. Tell us exactly how the dnc kept Bernie from getting more votes than Hillary. Seriously. He lost by 4 mil votes.

That's so cute to think that politics prevented Bernie from wining. Do you honestly think that dnc emails kept anybody from voting for BS?
I know they kept a lot of people from voting for hillary.
Snarky emails among political insiders did not cost precious Bernie from wining.
Political insiders preaching a party of unity colluding to divide people is very hypocritical, henry wallace went through the same bs
So now you realize we are Stronger Together? A little late.
Troll
Frank ol' buddy,  I'll meet you for a drink if it makes you feel better. Don't comment on my feed if you don't want a response.
Frank you replied to my tweet. Run along now. I'm done with you.  You're really bad at this find a new hobby.
Should have stood with us against trump, for HRC.
... He literally campaigned for her in the general election
Nope. His endorsement was half-hearted and came a little too late. Bernie helped himself and Donald Trump.
Had the DNC not actively worked to undermine his campaign, most data suggests he would have won in a GE against Donald Trump.
Coulda, woulda, shoulda...didn't. This argument is tired.
And the argument that it's bernies fault that Hilary is flawed is even more tiring.
Yes. Too bad Bernie flaws never saw the light of day - and boy howdy are they massive
Yeah thats why he was polling a lot better than Hilary vs trump and is currently the most liked polictal figure right now according to polls
Then why do you keep dividing us Bernie?
Can you provide one statement that has been divisive?
Still haven't said any
Still haven't said anything of substance. Only divisive yourself. Do you have any examples?
I'm literally asking for facts but if you don't want to back up your claims, that's cool.
Exactly right Bernie couldn't have said it any better !!! 
Now ... get to working with President Trump instead of the 2 year old  tantrums
You only say this because by he time you are proven to be wrong- you will probably have been dead for years
You are correct. 

Problem is, you think "us standing together" means only more power and taxes to DC.

WE can stand together WITHOUT YOU.
I don't understand nor appreciate this tweet. You are wishing catastrophic storms on Vermont & Michigan? And I'm a Democrat!
He's saying that u never know where a natural disaster will hit next so be empathetic and help where u can bc we would want the same for us.
Exactly, what planet is Marcie even on???
U R the worst kind of Dem, Ind or some other political party.  I've been a Dem my entire life. That doesn't mean I agree 100% of the time.
Not only that my political affiliation isn't based on religious type attitudes, I support honour, decency, and accountability wherever it is
Then you wouldn't be making insulting comments about my concern with @BernieSanders tweet this week. I'm done here.
Either way YES you are done here.
Next year Michigan? How about right now in MI. #FLINT Do they yet have safe, clean drinking water? DO SOMETHING ABOUT THAT! It's now.
hurricanes don't hit Michigan, who's your weed guy Bernie?
Yes we are!
Especially when we stand together to make sure Hillary Clinton didn't become president and bring her sexual predator husband back 2 the WH.
So, stop trying to devide us then, Bernice!
You can't stand with you own voters during election. Stop acting like you care
So how much did you DONATE as I didn't see the photos of you and felon wife handing out food and water in Tx, Burn.
Grandpa what are you saying?
My enemies friend is my enemy, if the giant orange turd in the WH doesn't want the world to wish for his death he'd better do a turnaround!
wow yes look at all these hurricanes that have hit Vermont and Michigan. really hit the nail on the head here, Bernie.
Michigan and Vermont were in the periphery so they weren't directly affected by those hurricanes, only the remnants.
did you even go to school or did you forge or buy your certifications?
Michigan did stand together...in November.
Sorry Senator Sanders, but for some reason it appears that TRUMP is more into dividing Americans then bringing "ALL" Americans together as 1
#2) Do anyone remember SOUTH CAROLINA'S MAYOR WELBORN ADAMS who met with strong opposition when he wanted to DESEGREGATE a MEMORIAL honoring
#3) "ALL CULTURES" of FALLEN TROOPS of WORLD WAR 1 & 2? As Voters the MAJORITY of Americans aren't POLITICAL FANS of TRUMP'S policies in W.H
#4) Do anyone know what VOTER IGNORANCE is? It is when VOTERS have very little understanding of the issues & how the GOVERNMENT spends our
#5) tax dollars.  Have you ask yourself about why THE POOR have to complete w/CORPORATE WELFARE? & How much do America gives to FOREIGN AID?
#6)  I take it that everyone knows that the 3 BRANCHES of the FEDERAL GOVERNMENT are  (1) Executive (2) Legislative &  (3) Judicial
 I would Say that probably 60% Of Americans do not know this #BringBackTheCivicsTest As An #EducationalRequirement #TheResistance #7Ps
Have you considered selling one of your many homes and donating the money to #Harvey2017 ? A good socialist would!
Does anyone else ever get tired of listening to this commie bastard's schtick? He's like a drunk Stalin incessantly rambling on.
All of my buds here in Michigan, "We're good. Thanks"
Hurricanes don't scare us. Socialism does.
NEVER FORGET THE GREAT MICHIGAN HURRICANE OF 1877!!! #MichiganHurricane
#Bernie2020 must happen
Oh it's gonna happen
We need to rally around and defend EPA & scientists. Climate change will bring bigger storms. #FundEPA #RenewablesNOW
I see you have the same understanding of hurricanes as you do economics... #None #ThatsNotHowThisWorks #Stop
Nah he was just talking about Natural disaster in general. Michigan gets awful blizzards on occasion.
Yeah but that's not as funny lol
Yeah but having an orange monster in the office is pretty funny, so how about less jokes more humanity
You literally just called the President an "Orange monster." So much for that humanity...
I mean a guy who wants to bang his daughter and grope women while shooting someone on 5th ave is pretty monstrous
Saying monstrous (adj) and dehumanizing by saying monster (n) are two different things.
Yeah but that's not as funny lol
I'm so sorry you live in such an abusive and vitriolic nation of hateful people so self obsessed they don't see compassion at their door.
Maybe it will be Caracas also. Oh wait that socialist capital as it's own problems
United We Stand. I've heard that somewhere...
Michigan bro
Here is a list of Hurricanes that have hit the US since they started keeping track. VT and MI should be ok... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_hurricanes …
Michigan? A bit of a stretch don't you think?
Could it be possible he is just talking about any form of tragedy? My goodness Derek when did you get so angry and hostile?
But none of your words towards him  had anything to do with what he tweeted. None at all.
Love you Bernie!  Love that you understand what we need, that we need eachother, not division and hatred.   Keep the faith, stay strong!!!
I've always felt this way, when did you come around?
Dear Senator Very Old Guy, if you get a hurricane, the East coast and the South dropped into the sea. Bigger issue.
I think any person with an ounce of common sense would realize he means natural disasters/catastrophes, not just hurricanes. 
Dumbest tweet of all time
Do you wake up in the morning and say, "I have exhausted patently false idiocy about econ. I' need a new gig. I know, the weather" 
Dunce.
Wait, you don't have ANOTHER house in Michigan, do you?!?!
Forget you medication today?
You okay, Berns?
Jeez that sounds like a democratic contradiction !
Hey Bernie, never tweet after smoking a blunt.
So quit trying to divide us!
Someone get Bernie a friggin map.  Michigan?  MICHIGAN!?!
This isn't even scientifically possible, and you tried to be president
@RBReich @RalphNader Let's be disruptive of the fossil fuel industry. Texas, the eyes of the world are upon you!
Because Vermont and Michigan get so many Hurricanes......wow

#BankFraudBernie is unhinged talking utter Rubbish! Then again he's a socialist
Yes they are, so what are YOU going to do except flap your gums ? What have you ever done ?
Yeah - I can imagine a hurricane hitting Vermont or Michigan. 

Go back to your lake house #BankFraudBernie
It is Michigan, it's been Michigan #FlintWaterCrisis
Then you and the democrats need to quit dividing. Calling Trump and his supporters KKK,NAZI and white supremacist isn't helping
Bern, even a 5th grader knows that bc of Michigan's & Vermont's geographical location, hurricanes won't hit them anytime soon. Silly U
Not very good with weather, are you?
How's the #BankFraudBernie?  #ShadySanders
Oh and the year after next tsunamis will hit Colorado
Any chance of you taking you own advice?

Retire we'll be ok bernie
What are you some kind of nut job?
Dude?  Please delete this tweet!!!
Bernie you are going senile. Socialism will never work for us freedom loving patriots
@seanspicer Bernie practice what you preach You were on MSM spewing your ignorance You said Pres Trump acted too soon with Harvey REALLY
Thank God you aren't President A socialist at his best You are an angry man Go concentrate on uour fraud crime
You aren't standing for Texas you liar. Vermont has sent no one to help out there. You're a SELFISH EVIL SOCIALIST... just like Stalin.
I could maybe see Vermont, maybe if it's a monster hurricane, but not Michigan, probably never Michigan.
LMAOO PLS TELL ME YOU ARE KIDDING ABOUT MICHIGAN
Do you know where Michigan is located in the US? Those are lakes not oceans around Michigan.
@Lucasdelder explain this
idk what he talking about man
Nice thought Senator. Unfortunately you do all possible to divide this nation. All about your Socialist Agenda! Get Real One Day Please!
Ur an idiot
Get your man @NiceBoyFascist
Brenie! We here in Michigan live in constant fear of da hurricanes.
By the time things get so bad a hurricane hits michigan, im not sure there would even be a U.S. anymore
I finally agree with your statement, we are much stronger when we stand together, too bad Congress is so divided.
I for one will say simply Thank You. WE ARE Strongest when we stand together. ONE Nation. #WeThePeople
Hurricanes in Michigan 
@SavannahBuck28 if hes smart enough to be POTUS, then why tf did he post this?
lol what do you mean
Look at his tweet... how tf could a hurricane get to Michigan?
He's saying that a natural disaster can hit anywhere. It won't be a hurricane in Michigan but could be a major buzzard, ice storm, etc.
Michigan isnt on the coast ya know...
Bernie, you lost get over it. Enjoy your retirement
Bernie were you smoking a joint while tweeting this out? Asking for a friend 
You hypocrite- get out of our country! Go to Venezuela or North Korea- you'll get what you deserve there
The only catastrophe that could ever happen in Vermont or Michigan would be your economics.
Socialists be socialists. Anyone that follows this goon is the problem with the future of America. Uhhh Top 1 pissent...#AARP time
Thanks Bernie, for reminding us that we need to pull together as a nation, now, and in the future.
OK OK!!! How much do you want this time???!!!! 

I swear Bernard... if you buy another house, I'm calling @DWStweets !!!

You have a short memory.  In my time in the mountains of Vermont we experienced two catastrophic storm events related to hurricanes.
A hurricane in Vermont or Michigan? What about Iowa, should I be worried?
lol michigan hit by a hurricane. how ignorant is this old fool
Lol
How much would you like to bet on Michigan?
Then why do you insist on dividing us?
Lay off the weed dumb dumb, no way Mi will ever get hit by a hurricane!
Then QUIT BEING SO DIVISIVE!!!!
And when we defraud banks.
And your point is?
Michigan REALLY !?!?!
Tropical storms in Vermont & Michigan? Standing together prevents natural disasters? Are you day drinking again?
Spoken like the true divider you are.
'together' from somebody who always divides and conquers.
Better chance of a glacier hitting Michigan than a hurricane....but we get it....God Bless America!!!
Wasn't it Hurricane Jane that swamped Burlington College?
Maybe if we distributed the nation's wealth evenly this Michigan hurricane menace could be averted.
I already see hurricanes in Liberal run cities and states, Crime through the roof, unemployment ramp id infrastructure in decay.
Liberal Logic… Build cities and towns below sea level along massive Oceans and blame global warming for floods and bad weather. @algore
Since we should give money to those in more need than us, why don't you donate cash to houston charities?
Tell that to ted cruze and his other republicans from TEXAS who voted NO every time for money for Louisiana and New York!!! 
a hurricane in Michigan?  Hmmm. Interesting.  I have oceanfront property in Arizona for sale.....are you interested?
Wow!!!!
You're Ignorant mister man. You have no clue what the American people deal with on a daily basis.  Don't matter whether you're a R or a D.
@TheDaleJackson Hey Bernie, bet you a couple of spare houses that no hurricane will EVER hit Michigan.
How frequent are hurricanes in Vermont and Michigan?
Flint has been in a water crisis for a year and nobody cares so, apparently nobody stands with the mitten.
I got one @SenSanders: 
If today is Tuesday, then tomorrow is Wednesday.  Now….does this qualify me to be a Democrat US Senator for Vermont?
Today it is Texas, next month it might be Vermont, next year it might be Michigan. We are strongest when we stand together.
He isn't, dimwit.
Now I feel like I need to start a fund to buy Bernie a globe.
Can you possibly be a bigger goof?
You mean we're stronger together????
Michigan, really? Dementia finally kicking in? #crazybernie
When you say "we" you mean the left, because you would never stand with anyone on the right. Hypocrite!!!
Michigan?
Then why do you continue to try to divide US with your identity politics?
Institutions beware you may be next. With one institution of higher education bankrupted under belt. It's recommended to not lean too left.
Do you even know where Michigan is??
And this is what passes for leadership in our country. God help us.
Thank you for that BRAVE, meaningless drivel, Bernie! U sound SO presidential!!

Of a CONDO ASSOCIATION, maybe . . .
So you're supporting the President on this one?
@SenSanders said #Michigan lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4AHzbCBEAA …
You mean except when you're fueling the divide in America with all of your Nazi crap. Potus isn't the problem, it's you Dems. Hypocrite
Yes senator, in the course of human events a hurricane may hit any coastal city but, Michigan?  No wonder you lost.
Oh Bernie look at a map.
He is but its upside down. Confused.
Thought you were retiring on the payoff you got from the Clinton Crime Family Foundation?
When do classes start at Burlington College this year?
And yes bern, I would hope you know that hurricanes will not likely hit Michigan.
Bern, on that you are right. It may be the only time I agree with a damn thing you say!

Your lack of knowledge about geography is just matched by your knowledge on economics.
The only hurricane Michigan has seen was the one that tore through and decimated the "#BlueWall" on November 8th.not sure you get hurricanes
Bernie...go take the red pills.They make you human.
