Free country.
So don't vote anything but centrist, neoliberal corporatist candidates. Like Clinton, Biden, Harris & keep losing.
Kamala Harris, aka Hillary 2.0

GOP thinly disguised plan to give themselves and their sponsors huge tax breaks- with working and middle class  left with the bill
exactly! Top 1% economics always leads to a mess economic system for the middle and poor class.
I never understand why Trumpers can't see the Reps they elect are all about looking after GOP donors- and taxing the poor 
today's world is run by corporations not nations.
I never understand why Trumpers are so concerned about their taxes going to welfare, food stamps etc- and not Ts golf trips and Koch bros 
They really want to keep it all for themselves cuz you know... Screw the poor and middle class
Probably because people earn their money and thus should be allowed to keep it instead of it being stolen.
That's just selfish
Sanders is a fake
Bernie you know the top 10% of the people pay 70% of the tax in this country, let's hear a better story.
This guy is nuts. Bernie you are a #Bum
And by cutting #mealsonwheels for struggling seniors just as sweet as the momscand dads of #GOP members.
You mean letting people keep their own money?
Mnuchin should be fired for threatening congress2pass this"tax reform"-he knows its really aTAXCUT 4 theULTRA RICH-hurts the working folks
Doesn't make any sense!  Unless you are a multimillionaire.
Hey Bernie everyone needs a break from taxes, you and your moron friends continue to overspend,how bout we do flat tax,every one pays
Stupid U.S. Some are laughing all the way to their offshore accounts.
We need to take away tax breaks for the rich, raise minimum wage and get the middle class back in action, why i will vote for Bernie!
Yep.
The GOP are "Koch-Holsters".
republicans are in office, the sky is falling! Chicken little look at the facts Americans are doing better now!
Honestly, it's because people don't bother to inform themselves, so all they have left are lies to believe.
Says a guy that is filthy rich...
I do need a tax break! Unlike you I don’t own 3 houses. The taxes on one is enough.. State, city, Federal
Says you. Give up your salary, get off O'care SUBSIDES! I've earned my $. I decide what 2 do w/it! #cutwelfare! Wake up America!
Amen
None of which the Federal Government has any business spending money on in the first place, genius.
And put progress that had been made over the past 8 years at risk by crushing the middle class.
People who have enough money to buy anything they wish and invest in anything they wish have no need of a tax cut.  Corp. tax cut perhaps.
How about cutting our gross, bloated, murderous defense budget??
The @GOP playbook.
Enabling them to put our soldiers at risk in unnecessary Wars abd thenuse the club of fake Patriotism when that is questioned. Real Patriots fight for justice.
It's simple Bernie,tax at a sliding scale from the top down,the rich pay the most. Healthcare: The young pay the highest the elderly get...
free. Simple.
We won’t let it happen. We must use our voices to let our Reps & Senators know this
No, the cuts are mostly to the rate of growth of Federal subsidies to the education, housing and healthcare cartels.  Be exact, Bernie
Saw your debate last night. You crushed Cruz, but you did have all the facts on your side.
Yep, that is a large part of the Republican agenda, and has been for many decades.
Because tax breaks to same people who don't need public education, housing or health care.
We all knew Trump was going to go in there doing everything he could to help him and his cronies
It will be years before we can fix all the destruction that he is creating it will be just like
When Obama had come in after bush and pull us out of the worst economic crisis since the depression
Unreal.
You are missing the point Bernie. They don't need it but we need it for them. These are the people that create the jobs for people like us.
That is the key - they don't need a tax cut, they can afford it
why do you promote laziness?
Is anyone still confused about 45s “populist” agenda? What a fraud & most of the GOP have lost their spines
Why not just let rich liberals like Sanders pay for these cuts? They can afford it.
And you swore you wouldn't back Killary why should we listen to you Bernard @realDonaldTrump @realDennisLynch @SheriffClarke
Bern, wake up, Get new glasses and turn your hearing aids up so you can really see and understand the tax proposal helps your supporters!!
Yet you are in the top 10% of the top 1%.
How about we lower the taxes for everyone more than what they are wanting to and all of you with your  hand out grow up and get a job
You got owned last night.  Poor choice in debate opponent.
bullshit
When you go on Obamacare or the ACA I’ll listen to you preach what is wrong with government. Otherwise you’re a hypocrite
Millionaires & billionaires earn ... break it down: $20k - $200k A WEEK! In ONE  week!
The poor dont pay taxes!
It really strikes me as odd how people that have more then they can spend turn around and demand that the poor give up essentials. GREEDY
Poor people are getting the tax breaks,  but I guess it's easier to lie about it, huh?
Yeah, we've done wealth redistribution to the 1% for years now, on steroids, and it's accomplished precisely doodly-squat.
How the hell did this dude not win the presidentcy blows my mind to this day... #FeelTheBern
@GOP, with all their suits and ties and opportunistic lip service/wolf whistling, neither know the meaning of "trickle" nor of "down".
Keep educating the public. Incremental tax increase for all that yields free education, higher wages, improve daily life is worth it.
You should remind them of what the IMF said recently re taxation. IMF’s message: yes, tax the super-rich | Editorial
It worked so well in Kansas!!
This isn't a socialist state.  Move on.   Creating jobs so people can work and pay less tax and buy their own things.   No freeloaders
Bernie, I bet you take every tax break you can. You are a hypocrite!
Utopia does not exist Bernie. Socialism is a lie
The millionaire and billionaire don’t pay taxes anyways, get rid of the loopholes!!!!
More BS from BS!!
To a rich socialist there's no end to what other people's money must be spent on.
So the middle class of America won’t see tax relief? Are you sure about this @SenSanders?
All tax cuts should go lower and middle class. Millionaires dont need tax cuts!
The democrats had almost a decade to do something good for the overburden middle class ...They chose to foist obamacare on us with 0 tax cut
Bankrupt the country!Trump has left a series of bankruptcies behind him. Why do you think he would leave office without bankrupting the U.S?
Giving tax breaks to the people who pay the taxes will allow them to invest.  I love America. It’s big government I fear.
Everybody needs tax cuts! Tired of paying for everybody’s else’s crap when I can’t afford my own. Nonsense.
I’m sure the Koch brothers & Mercers appreciate you
Housing and healthcare are personal responsibilities and should remain that way except in the most rare and exceptional cases
3 things the fed govt does not have the constitutional authority to touch.
May trump, pence and ryan pay for what they are doing to ppl who are already suffering.  Karma!
More socialist spin......same ole song.
It should be called a tax sham
They don't need it... but they want it!
Because that's how they go about trying to make their Utopian society! All white, all Christian... all behaved, doing what they're told!

You're a crazy old man. Comb your hair.
Yikes
Seems legit.
C'mon @SenSanders please  #LEARNMMT from a fan in Western Australia.  The Fed isn't restricted by tax income.
Stalin! Stalin! Stalin! Stalin!
.....so the wealthiest can make betterments in these areas and gift them to us.
Even if that were true None of those things are the responsibility of the federal government to supply to its citizens.
They just want to kill off the poor.
Which are all things the gov't is not supposed to be "providing".
From my reading of the plan the biggest favorable impact will be on big business not individuals. It will substantially cut corporate taxes
If Trump really wanted to help working families, He would’ve been pushing for lower tax withholding allow workers to keep more, even though the tax rate doesn’t change. Lower tax withholding would help families pay for things now. Instead Trump wants taxes cuts for Rich!
Everything gets stolen. Only 20% of the money that is supposed to be given to needy goes to the needy. Cut taxes.
Well Commie...GDP up from 1 to 3%, Stock market up 25% under Trump, unemployment has dropped...SHUT UP!!!
Truth be told clearly and 2the  point!   If you are not sleep walking or in a trance you,Uknow this is case at the expense of needed progams
But wait if all of that is free there shouldn't be any money going to it at all
45% of Americans don't pay any income tax. You can't cut taxes for people who pay zero.
Let’s call this one the Backwards Robin Hood proposal.  Then let’s have smart people work on a REAL proposal. Thanks!!
Why not find money in all the revenue liberals spend on needless causes
Thanks for fighting for working class people!
Dude, your playbook is tired.  Same old themes: divide Americans by race, gender, sexuality, socioeconomic status., etc.  U r destroying USA
So who in your socialist mind deserves a tax break? You don't believe anyone deserves one because you know how best to tax and spend.
And their cult, most in need of education, housing, and healthcare cheer in support. Btw, where were you last summer?
You are all into give a ways
Preach
As far as I can see, my tax rate remains exactly the same-25%. Keep fighting for us.#ThanksBernie
take the $6k/yr you give to the private insurance companies, give half to the government, keep the other half and get free healthcare.
and there are plenty up for sale
if you can afford to buy a senator, you don't need a tax break
More of my income goes local!!
Abolish ELD! It's not about safety.HR3282 2yrdelay. #ATA are liars #fmcsa liars. Truth mor wrecks on ELD.
Koch wants billionaire tax breaks, so does CNN. Republicans want to let the rich stay rich and let the poor die.
To actually get a tax cut, you should be paying taxes, first.
CNN is getting paid by Koch brothers, running Koch industries commercials, and moderators are cutting Bernie short in this debate.
I need a tax break
Don't put words in MY mouth dude.  These tax breaks would help my family tremendously.  We are middle class.  Why do you hate my children?
the entire communist playbook is about pretending to care all while planning to make slaves out of the citizens

Thank you for continuing to be a force to be reckoned with. Thank you for fighting for everything this country TRULY needs. #FeelTheBern
Venezuela felt the burn
It's about economic growth you silly... petty... foolish little communist
Read the constitution. Education, housing, and healthcare are under the states jurisdiction, not the federal government. Not a penny to them
Nope...seems like we hear that all the time from democratic socialists...especially ones with three houses...
There's too much $ in education now. & it's misspent. Why were Americans better educated before the Dept of Ed was established in 70's?
Idiot

Pen and a phone
Funny you choose these three examples. The three biggest that govt shouldn't be involved in. #taxcuts #termlimts #draintheswamp
I wonder if Leftists realize that no one is stopping them from sharing their wealth. #hypocrisy
You may not know this but you make no sense.
It could be that my Tweet makes no sense to you simply because a logical argument only makes sense to a logical person.
Where exactly is all this money going too?
I say we cut the salary of all congress members!
The @GOP will cut taxes for the super rich & take healthcare from the poor, food stamps, chips program, . Why? Do they need it @CNN
Entire #Democrat platform is class warfare and division.
I need it @SenSanders!  Desparately!   I work hard all my life and have never rec’d gov’t benefits!! Where is my support???
No tax for the lowest brackets taxed are people who don't need it? Put the pipe down man
Watching the debate for being a politician who thinks he has the answer bernie sure beats around the Bush and that's saying it mildly!!!!
You should be thrilled with that. You know...since you’re on the top 1% and all...
Who are you to say what people need.
I need one.
Now kindly crawl back in your cave precious
It shocks the conscience of people who understand what they are doing, but getting the word out to the poorer members of his base is hard.
Bernie, you just keep fighting the good fight. Thank you .
May be the GOP recognized that education for the masses is detrimental to their success
As they always want to do
the supply side economics absolutely fails in the real world. Trickel down affect doesn't work but the other way around works
If the tax break cuts your health care, then I am all for it!
Listening to you tonight you support We the people Ted supports CPac and Koch Bros
If you like Bernie so much then why did you let Hillary steal the nomination?!
Please  - the government spending has NEVER gone down. This is not a republican or Democrat thing. It is a swamp thing.
I am disgusted.  The Republicans serve only their big business donor class and not the American citizens as a whole.  Vote them all out.
Preach on! Wish we could have had President Sanders! Thanks for looking after us Americans Senator! #respect
Yes to create small ruling class over vast ignorant proletariat too downtrodden to protest
We pay way to much for education with no results. But you get biiiggggg donations from United Federation of Teachers
This is stupid Bernie. Middle class needs quality health care and quality education for all. Funded. That is the "tax cut".
Same old stuff.  This doesn’t change the quality of life of the vast majority of Americans.  Sad.
If you are relying on Goverment to change your quality of life that's sad.
Yet your side will give it away to illegals and immigrants but continue to cut VA... So so glad you Lost and continue to Loose!
I’m sure that the Kochs & Mercers thank you for your patronage
Sorry not familiar with those folks but it’s okay... I’m more of a #MAGA kinda guy... vs tearing our country apart like the left is doing
You spelled "lose" wrong.
Dems want to raise taxes to give more more things away...STOP IT!
Koch Brothers made $13 billion last year, increasing their wealth to almost $100 billion. Waltons worth even more.
What the entire GOP proposal is about is giving tax breaks to people who don’t need it by making cuts to education, housing and health care.
ELD mandate bill to taxpayers is $2BILLION. Gov and ATA say safety.Truth more wrecks for drivers on them. HR3282 delay pending research
Liar. Most cuts benefit small businesses which in turn benefit employees. You are economically illiterate. Socialism has failed every time.
More like controlling spending (out of control.) the world we live in countries going into debt is no big deal, unlike the individual
At least it would appears that way
Youre a rich old white guy trying to sell socialism to the working class.  We ain't buying.  The $ comes from somewhere & its not u
Hey GOP keep pooping on fellow citizens to appease the 1 percent
education, housing and health care have NO Constitutional authority devolved to federal government. Get your hands of OUR money.
Republicans - Names change ,policies stay the same.
Agreed!!!
None of those things are supposed to be under the authority of the federal govt. Get out of our private lives.
Bankrupt the government is the GOP motto.
I'd rather have a bankrupt government that can't throw its weight around than a rich government with plenty of power to crush individuals.
So you're an anarchist?
How do you jump to that conclusion?
If the gov't is bankrupt it can't function.  The absence of gov't is anarchy.  How stupid are you that you don't understand gov't basics?
Stupid? Now you're just throwing insults...
Yes but if the shoe fits lol.
Again. You're just throwing insults.
At least they pay taxes unlike your illegals. How about we start there
we all need a tax cut. You take and waste too much of our $
More Bernie BS
They have been elected to hold the power based on these promises caring for rich denying edu hous healthcare win next years elections
Over the problems relating to neediest and have nots every one appreciates your feeling of  pain but right now there is no way out in sight
#bankfraudbernie
#LittleInsecuremenwhoscapegoatinsteadofactuallydoanything
I fail to see where it's the Fed gov't's job to provide for any of those things.

