BREAKING: The officer who shot and killed Philando Castile was just found not guilty of manslaughter 
We need major reforms including making certain that lethal force is the last response, not the first response.
We must demand a justice system that values black lives, not one that takes innocent black lives.
Fake agenda. Black Lives do matter.
Do they?
Lol
Yeah, I bet that's l you have to say.
bernie,your broken!
Unfortunately if you're an officer in areas where there are gang shootings on a daily basis. You may have hypersensitive trigger finger
O.J. Simpson & Bill Cosby
WTF THIS GOT TO STOP WE SEE THE SYSTEM IS NOT CHANGING AN NOT STOPPING FROM KILLING THAT MEANS THEY NOT PROTECTING US SO WE HAVE TO DO IT!
Agreed!  Just look at the Brock Turner case and outcome vs the Cory Batey outcome.  So ashamed of our system.
@nowthisnews  Bernie , Thank you for what you have done to your constituents!
Make America Racist Again !
Go Bernie !
The 12 jurors disagree with you Bernie. Again, just because you don't like an outcome you decry the very system you come from...
.deep . Why do brave Trumpsters always hide behind fake accounts? How's the weather in Russia today?
or the marines...or the pregnant white woman that was shot and her mexican illigal got sanctions by obama
tragic shooting. bernie your statement is absurd. You are wrong these are isolated events. why not fight the real issue. broken culture.
@yourboi01 I'm proud of you for continuing to tweet/retweet these instances of injustice in our criminal justice system.
Wonder what u wld of done n that same position... I'm betting the same thing... what has failed is ppl like u
Leave the word" criminal" out. The Justice system has failed Black people and poor minorities.
And so many other honorable Americans
Abused at the lawyer'$ alter of Authoritarian BS
When the black community commits 80 percent of crimes, what do you expect?
Yes there has never been JUSTICE IN AMERICA 4 BLACK, BROWN ONLY JUST US!!! I feel sorry for his family that child in the back. Her mom! 
Thank u Bernie!
When will this madness stop?
Police make split second decisions based on training. You make this seem like politicians could do better. Hahaha hahaha
is a fraud. Same chatter about criminal justice "broken...failed Afro-Americans". He talks but doesn't walk the walk. Do...
No parents and Democrats did that by destroying the family. Not police.
It saddens me that I need to teach my 16 year old son to be aware & afraid of law enforcement officers even when my twin is a Sheriff
Maybe you should have your son talk to your twin about proper behavior when dealing with police.
I speak with my son daily about life. I dont need anyone to speak to him. Cops has become judge jury and executioners. U wouldnt understand
It is so true
It is not broken it is working as intended maybe you need a new intention.
Cops are supposed to be trained to handle all situations. Except the "Boogie Man" it they fear us they kill us!
. This is a sad mishandling of justice; it seems to me that our judicial system is broken for people of color or the impoverished.
The judicial system failed Philando Castillo ,Oscar Grant , MichaelBrown there is more.We need to speak out none violent march more voices
true and people like you and Hilary should be prision
You can do all the talk in the world. But if no action is taking place , I'm afraid the system is going to continue.
Agree, Senator; this is absolutely disgusting
Look it up..you all need to stop lying to negroes about who they are. We know why you all are treating us like this
You are a  rich white man pretending to be a sympathetic friend of the black people. You are as fake as it gets
Just think Bernie, if you had manned up & supported Hillary you would have the power to make real changes, not just impotent comments.
Bernie its true Afro Amer are filling the jails. Why? they break the law. They think the law is for others. Its like living in caveman time.
@realDonaldTrump PAY YOUR FAIR SHARE OF TAXES MURDERS
You will say anything people wanna hear for a vote
Yeah the officer should have let him pull that gun and shoot him I guess?
You know these bigots will say any thing, no matter how stupid the shit is, to defend their precious police
These justice system people can't let go of their racism and allowing lives to be destroyed
Tragically so sorrowful. My heart goes out to him and his family plus the many others who have lost & suffered unnecessarily.
Because you have a jury system in a place that holds the most racist white people I've ever seen. What do you expect.
What a great tweet President @SenSanders, oh wait.
Nothing will change if people keep electing candidates with racist ideologies .... the sad reality of the American dream

WTF is wrong with this country that this is ok?
Failed PEOPLE  period.
Wow even some of the so called liberals are showing their white supremacist views.  Thanks Bernie
What kind of a country do you live in? I'm never going to the U.S. you are all nuts.
Clear the cop wanted to kill some one ... black men will be targets till they start shooting first!
Wish Bernie was Pres
Our ustice system is the best in the world. The democrats have failed the black community. Get it straight Bernie this is why you ppl so bad
How much longer do you think it will be before Trumplicans reignites the back to Africa debacle. Their goal is to get all Blacks out of USA
Small typo, criminalised justice system
Everytime I see the Philando Castile video it ruins my whole day
What specific plans do do you to fix the problem?
Kenny G, can't be a real person. Nobody is that dumb.
It's NOT broken!! It was built this way for a reason
Yes, to demolish black lives...
My hear goes out to his family. We love you @bernie sanders
How about you join the police and go to the bad parts of town and put your a$$ on the line for certain people who truly care less.
Very, very True.
@TheRascal2010 and these r the people that have to pay more in medical or just don't get it. And his wife wears a $51,000 jacket
It was a trial by jury. What do you propose, execution before a trial when it suits you?
Bernie you learned nothing from the Washington shooting?
You are right. The thugs/criminals intimidate/threaten witnesses & keep the neighborhood in fear.
The new Democrat party has clearly jumped on the bandwagon of a Saul Alinsky inspired Hillary that wants enslave even the middle class.
Obviously you missed the beating death of black female student in philly high school by 2 other black female students 2 wks ago sentence was
A joke what about the 3 white officers convicted of shooting deaths of black AF suspects or 2 AF Leo's that killed father & DA son TRAFFIC 
Appalling
The system is not "broken." It is set up to oppress black people and it is working very well in that respect.
Yes and private businesses have no place in the prison system.
Agree 100%
So he was a drug user, carrying a firearm, not following police instructions when he was shot?  But the justice system is broken?
What action plan is in your platform?  Action to address police depts hiring prev cops who have been fired fr other police depts?
Police depts protecting & not identifying rogue cops. The Dems dont fight for any other union besides the police union protecting rogue cops
Thanks to dysfunctional Congress who puts party over America  whole system is broken. Looking for a new generation that unifies America
An armed societies will have an militarized police, mistakes, accidents, act of cowardness, racism and aggression are multipliedtimes.
Public lynching of Black men will NEVER end because white people hate the whole race   They want the POWER and CONTROL.
"A system cannot fail those it was never meant to protect" W.E.B. Du Bois
Rise Up Zendaya..speak for ThePeople..WatchOut Justice The Next Generation is hurr!!...tell me the name of the person who wrote these laws..
Senator Sanders, remember #VincentChin that as #PhilandoCastile was murdered and didn´t get justice from the system.
Vincent Chin's death was a turning point for Asian-American activism. 35 years later, we look back on why: http://nbcnews.to/2rGthX2 
And yet, while you're right about that, you're wrong on socialism, which has a legacy that has failed everyone over and over again.
The US criminal system laid on White people advantages
Keep stirring the pot you old socialist. You are going to cause another shooting with your rhetoric.
We love you
Now you're speaking my language
America is the most racist country in the world
This has been disproved over and over.
Police brutality in this country has become such a common event that the real criminals have become the police themselves. Shame on them.
@DraftBernie @nowthisnews WHAT'S YOUR ALTERNATIVE?
No Bernie your party failed them
The question is WHY he thought he was reaching for a gun @ a routine traffic stop. & if he was white would he have felt the same way
Remember what @realDonaldTrump say in speech to black Community? "Give me a shot. what the hell do you have to lose"
Everything
We have a corrupt pay for play #InjusticeSystem that will assist murderers like Zimmerman while attacking inoccents like Philando.
Italian explorer
God is watching and he knows the truth and they will all be exposed in due time
race card
It definitely needs big changes
This video makes me loose hope for our nation!
even lost lives won't stop ignorant people from saying that these policemen aren't criminals - they're not just criminals, they're murderers
Nah Bern, it's not Broken. It's working like it was engineered to do. Please acknowledge truth.
So wrong! Cops need to obey the same laws as ALL other Americans! No special privilege, murder is murder!  Too many shootings w/o weapons 
The western legal system had been designed to imprison poor and keep elite free hence, bail court fees expensive lawyers, unanimity jury
All the rich have to get is one jury on their side as bill Cosby, the poor have none.
The officer pulled gun after Castille informed him he had gun in car, as he was legally required. Cop failed 2 order Castille 2 exit car?
As all aspects of American Law are broken, family court alienation churns out kids like Aurora, CO & Sandy Hook #CORRUPTION
How did you dare to tell something about profound/ o GOD do you have any caracter! #human beeing caracter#shameonyou
@nowthisnews here you go fanning up the flames again. Simple, common sense on the part of the "victim" would've prevented this.
The system is designed to keep the people poor keep the people divided & keep the fathers out of the home. #SystematicGenocide #Brainwashed
I hope you keep poking the BEAR 
American Justice is an oxymoron and has been for far too long!!
I am shocked and disappointed by the verdict. I am afraid for our friends and family if color.
Tell us something we don't know buddy
A hero cop would take a risk of being killed but never kill another even facing a madman that's why we don't have heroes but posers-useless
What do you do for all the years you have been there?Aren't you making changes to fix this broken criminal justice system? Career politician
quit acting like you care about african americans . The democrats have let african americans down over and over again.
Shot killed him in front of his child. Sorry I would have shot first. Man has the right to protect his family
And ppl wonder y we get angry when they compare a street killings vs police killings. Reg ppl who kill at least get convicted when caught.
@nowthisnews Problem is cops are all scared shitless b/c they know thanks to GOP our society is saturated with GUNS! Hello!
Well if blacks don't want to have altercations with the police, don't commit crime.
BERNIE YOU SOLD OUT THE BELIEVERS To ISLAMIC LOBBYIST !WE THE AMERICAN VOTERS DO NOT BELIEVE IN YOU ANY MORE! Take YOUR DirtyMONEY GO AWAY
..and who gave that person the authority to write the laws.this could go on..The laws need to be stopped and in the next breath changed
Why aren't you the president?
Your incessant hate speech encouraged the attack at the ball diamond, now your hate speech is fanning the flames against our police.
Two sides to every story and the media as we know only tells one!
Bernie jumps on any train he thinks will get him some votes for mid term elections. #BERNIEGOHOME We the people are tired of your falsehood.

Agreed. The American criminal justice system focuses on only punishment. And it is just a way for white folks to practice modern day slavery
You must be speaking about O. J. Simpson and Bill Cosby, huh Bern???
From the guy that received less than 10 percent  of African American  votes. Bloviating  Bernie.
It's not failing Africa Americans, it's failing everyone. I notice you only show the ones with people of color and not other races.
Thank God for the acquittal if you spent any time in law enforcenent you would know the dangers of the job.
Why did you endorse #Hillary even after you knew about the corruption at #DNC? Why didn't you run as a independent?
We need more police of all communities. Excusing crime for any reason is repugnant. It isn't a color thing but a lack or societal standards.
If they fear for their they life that much they should pick a different career
Only Blacks experience the vicious racial police brutality from hood to hood we get stereotyped and looked down upon everyday
My heart shattered when I heard this news. No justice!!!!!!!!
We're Hebrew! The real Hebrews from the bloodline of Abraham Isaac and we're the seed of Jacob.
Bernie doesn't care about blacks! He only cares about himself just like all other liberals.
ion understand why the officer isnt guilty, the dude had a license to carry and let the cop kno before hand he had a gun. smh
Supa simple cause the cop white and philando is black. Nothing more nothing left we all got targets on our back it ain't nothing new
He broke the law not declaring that he's a ccw carrier. Instead he said he had a gun,& said he was getting his licence, reached into pocket
It ain't broke. The system was just never built to benefit Black people from the beginning.
Put them away for life! Crime will drop dramatically!
This is true but why didn't Obama fix it? I mean wasn't he the "hope" for African Americans? 8 years and the issue got worse?
Funny. Communism/socialism (your true political party) would fail everyone in this country.
Yeah I'm sure OJ Simpson believes that
The "Fear of my life" BS defense strikes AGAIN so will Karma Yanes
There is no justice in the criminal justice system, particularly for victims. Bring back corporal punishment!
yes you are absolutely correct to bad @MadisonSiriusXM asked you that question about reparations he would never asked Hilary
Complaining Bernie, is there anything good in the USA or do you like pushing people toward violence? Is the FBI still investigating ur wife?
This is some straight bull shit
Act like you care Burnie
@ninaturner @nowthisnews State sanctioned violence. System is working how it was meant to. US founded on genocide/enslavement
From the elite senetor with bodyguards - who has never had to make a split second life or death decision. It is tragic a but not criminal.
@nowthisnews The System was designed to systematically exterminate those of color. #NotMyFoundingFathers
You are the best
Thank you Bernie 
Disgrace.
It is beyond absurd and needs to change!... Smooch~ᶫᵒᵛᵉ~Marie~
Why aren't u the president wtf


Sir, there is a disparate training of officers; from state to state, to county, to city. The bullets don't care about training, so we should
Come on Bernie. You saw what pandering did for Hillary's campaign.
Y'all really didn't let this man become president
# @ justice is profoundly broken and has failed l
African mens
Over & over
Black historical Tribute
You are the system, fix it or get another job!
Have a look at your financial system and foreign policy.
Baaammmm
People get time for killing animals, but not us. #BlackLivesMatter
RULE number 1...YOU don't make any MOVES if YOU have a GUN!
And the poor
Long as a cop can say "I smelled Marijuana! & was so scared I shot him to death!" & that works? it will keep happening.
I am just numb.
BURN THE PLACE DOWN WE WILL NOT STAND FOR DIS SHIT
@nowthisnews shittt i would do the same thing if someone had a gun and he was reaching for his "wallet" trust nobody 
The shooting was justified, the "victim" pulled a gun on the cop
Not true.  It is the police that is getting assassinated daily and that matters.  Wealthy blacks should be helping their ppl much more!!!
Provide sources for cops being assesinated so much
It is not just failing some people, but all people! My daughter's face was eaten and the man got 10 days jail 10 days credit that is not ok!
Bernie should have been our president.
@winloose here is uncle Bernie to make me understand.
I hope that this man get's what is coming to him.
I demand a retrial!
It's failed everyone except political people Hillary is still free so is Obama
He reaches... should have put his hands up

I'm convinced that America will eventually experience what we have experienced - like the opioid epidemic. Then changes will be made.
Our criminal system is broken because corrupt politicians like @HillaryClinton continue to get a free pass and the rest of America doesn't
Our justice system has failed the HUMAN RACE over and over again.
