Your mom would be very embarrassed of you telling all the lies. One after another lies lies a nd more lies.
What's wrong with you @FriendsofJimmys? You know damn well how the wealthy operate. Not in the interest of the masses.Take a history lesson
I never got a job from a poor person. Did you.
Did you ever get a job from a billionaire?
Yes, me and 341,435 other employees of Amazon.
In case you want to research his name it's Jeff Bezos and he's a supporter of gay marriage and owns the Washington Post...
I know who he is.
Good because he's not a supporter of Trump's. One of the few "modern" billionaires who still has his long-term thinking intact...
The GOP (Godless Old Parasites) want nothing but tax breaks for the ultra wealthy and let the rest of us be damned
Yep that's the plan. Your name was at the top of the "to be damned" list at our last meeting.
Laugh it up. Your let us eat cake attitude will come back to bite you. You should have taken some history classes along with economics.
Nice Fr. revolution reference. If asking people to rely on themselves instead of "the rich" causes revolt then we're done anyway.
It's not relying on the rich it's expecting everyone to pitch in ... we are of course one American people
So you support "from each according to his ability, to each according to his need"?
Fascists teach us that socialism is communism. Its not. It's taking care of our weakest and most vulnerable citizens. Like we used to.
You sir are a very wise man,but I'm afraid it is all but lost on @BearingConstant ... he would gladly step on the bones of dead
Unhelpful rhetoric didn't work 4 U in the past Bernie. Won't work 4 U in the future. Help GOP get a bill that helps everyone at a low cost!
Impossible without single payer. You can't make something cheaper by adding an unnecessary layer of massive profit margins.
Agreed! Stealing from others 2 pay 4 some is no answer either! Insurance options are one answer as is having everyone pay for their choice!
You don't seem to grasp the point. Capitalist healthcare is inferior to socialized healthcare in innovation, results, and cost.
Only ruling class elite benefit frm socialized medicine &it's not working anywhere in theWorld. Other people needing Care most don't get it!
That is completely and totally false.
Says who? You? It's completely & totally true! The rich elite can pay for faster & better care. They own the system. Too bad for all others!
That's not how socialized medicine works. At all. Lol. Long story short, no health insurance since all medicine is paid from taxes.
You mean Rich people like YOU!?!?!  Under FBI investigation Bernie you should really be Quite Sir!!!
No...He should be very vocal about resources being taken away from our elderly and disabled, just to give tax relief to the uber rich!!!! 
Go get a good lawyer for your wife Bernie
YES it is.
I would hope those with better ideas would just put forth their ideas. The in-fighting does not help our country.
The Republicans do not want the Democratic to have input.  But the President have said He wants the country to come together
The Democrats should of thought of this before the rigged the Primary & coronated Hillary who lost miserably to Trump. Now we suffer.
YOU ARE A FRAUD U KNOW IT AND THE PEOPLE WHO CAN READ AND WRITE KNOW IT FAKER
& the people just cannot & do see it. Reality will dawn in a couple of years & hope they will oust Trump & The GOP then. Dems, wake up!
Blather… rinse… repeat.
Ummm, you bashed Obamacare for 7 years now you're complaining republicans are dismantling our system when they cotes to repeal it 60 times?
Because they are not improving on it. They are destroying it so the rich can prosper even farther beyond the rest of the country.
Hillary Clinton warned us! But 90% covered wasn't good enough for Bernie Sanders and company. Now 23M in jeopardy of losing healthcare.
Being covered means nothing when premiums, deductibles, and copays are so high most can't actually use it. Hillary is no help either.
AND ALL THOSE THINGS U MENTION ARE BECAUSE OF INSURANCE COMPANIES!!!  NOT BECAUSE OF ACA!!!
ACA was a result of politicians bowing to insurance companies who donate to their campaign. Mandatory private insurance. Corporatism wins.
Bernie, U R the rich! Care to discuss your 3 homes...Vermont home @$600,000? I don't care..Ur followers should since it reveals UR wealth.
And your,  and Trump's?  AND look @them all. Republican and Democrats
Republicans DO NOT repeat DO NOT want the American ppl to have healthcare.
We want you to pay for your own !! Its NOT a right !!! We are not a socialist country .
'We' who's the we? The one 1-3%? Bc they are the only ones getting tax relief. American Health Care Act: death sentence for seniors &working
Have you read it?
Blinded by your own ideology, keep telling yourself that you hypocrite. The truth is it is a tax that Congress desires, you've no $ but ours
It's a wealthcare bill
I wish you luck in moving forward any ideas which will benefit all Americans.
Try the truth that's something we haven't heard from Bernie who is communist inspired.
I agree with Bernie, we have to have universal health care for all, health care is a right, not a privillage...
Thank you
How much money did Clinton pay you to take a dive? We all know this was a setup.
I am being paid nothing for this. These are my own personal thoughts.
The truth is your plan would raise government spending by 32 trillion over the next  10 years...You would receive zero support
Not quite. Healthcare currently costs $3T per year. Sanders' proposed plan would reduce it to an estimated $1.38T.
Congratulations on being the only person on this planet that thinks that health care costs will decrease as govt  becomes more involved
Snotty! Congratulations on being the only person on this planet who doesn't know universal care countries pay LESS: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_total_health_expenditure_per_capita …
Offets less services is what you meant to say,correct
Nope. Universal healthcare nations provide services comparable to, often better than, our own. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_quality_of_healthcare …
Hahahaha
Glad you're tickled. But surely you're not asserting that you refute the data reported in "Business Insider"…!?
Isn't that pretty much what the Republican Party stands for these days?
Thank god they want people to keep their hard earned money.
Well, rich white people.
That's racist. Did you assume only white people can believe what I believe? I am black; I was born in Africa and came here.
Whoa. Let's settle down here. These racists normies aren't worth your time.
No, his white guilt is showing. How can someone insult someone by calling them white? How is white an insult? Explain Kirby.
No, I was joking mate.
Not you the other guy. We were debating and he just said, white rich people. How is rich and white a bad thing? The guy is that.
The biggest problem with the ACA is that it was passed while Obama was in office.
Real problem is that it was only structured to be financially viable while BO was in office. It is failing. Do your homework.
I'm referring to the blatant anti-Obama agenda that has been the platform of the current admin. ACA, like any policy, needs revision.
NO DNC PUT TRUMP IN OFFICE ALONG WITH RUSSIA. #STILLSANDERS
This message should be outlined far more clearly & concretely to be effective
They put a bib on my mother she's in a room with noncommunitive people. Dad was w/Pan Am 33 years cash everything Mom's fine just can't walk
The truth is that DNC doesn't give a flying F for your proposal. They are against health care for all.
Ain't that the sad truth:(
#Bernie, you're a likeable guy, but a #FlipFlopper like so many politicians in #America. Politicians taught me to only #TRUST myself.
#Experience taught me, that I can always #Trust_Myself. 
If we the people aren't happy with health care bill then we the people can come up are own health care plan after all are tax $
Oh so @SenSanders the tax cuts suit you just fine since you are in the 1% and soon should be single cause your wife should go to jail
So sad
Prove it.
Idiot
Good old trickle down economics at work ..cut all the safety nets from the poor ,the middle, the wage earners to pay for the HuGE < tax cuts
Healthcare is kind of like gun control.
The rest of the civilized world needs it , but we dont.
Sanders, Now that ur Net Worth is 2.4 Million in 2016; Pay Your FAIR SHARE of INCOME TAX!  #BernieReleaseYourIncomeTaxes #BernieKeepYourEord
No, that's a pile of Bull
I call it the Republican Mass-Murder Bill.  That will be the net effect.
how much u make
ACA had 104 hidden taxes including a sneaky one for taxes on sale of one's home! what does that have to do with healthcare?
save your breathe.. no one is listening to you.. no one believes it.. think retirement.
Says the communist.
Neither is ACA.  Mandated enslavement to private insurance is NOT healthcare.
it doesn't matter what he says.dems are dead party.and obamacare will be replaced with trumpcare.
Says the old, rich, white guy who voted for Obama care while voting to allow Senate  to opt out
Bernie, you are out of touch.
You are a LIAR !  We love it Jobs, Jobs, Jobs !!!
The rich are always gonna win unless the rest fight back! But we'll all just sit back and watch this happen
That is the core Republican philosophy.  It is what drives their every move.  Another once in a lifetime plundering of our national treasury
What does it actually say?
But another tax Burden that is the current ACA Law is perfectly fine. So how are you fighting for the middle class there Bern?
Elementary my dear Sanders
Thank you, Bernie, for your continued commitment to all of us 99%ers! #TrumpCare #FollowTheFacts
TRYAN  DEATHCARE . TIME TO MARCH ON WASHINGTON
Trump and his cohorts are getting richer every day. My hatred probably represents the root of terrorism.
why did you exempt yourselves from Obamacare if it's so good? Hypocrites
Bernie you are the one to be blamed on Hillary's loss not Russians 
How can you make this statement when you have admitted that you have not read the bill?
Bernie, BIG TIME GREED is the Republican god and always will be. They are in reality the REAL Atheists as they only use religion to get $$$.
The truth is both political parties are fakes and serve foreign interests. The "Republic" serves the international bankers. CIA =their sword
Bernie you're a disgrace....Sarah..lol...ok
@SarahKSilverman don't you get tired of repeating losing tag line.  Hey what happened in GA and SC today money well spent
You are rich #BernieSanders . You are part of the problem.
then fucking DO something to stop it , thats why you were elected to your office , to fight for US , Stop TALKING start ACTING
hmm, 3 house Sanders is in the money!
It's a big tax giveaway to the people that need it the least
@DeanLeh  the #GOP doesn't have the guts to tell the truth like this why is that?
Then as a socialist you should support it.
You are referring to the Healthdon'tcare bill
How do we know since we can't see it?
#BernDownTheEstablishment #BernDownTheDNC #SinglePayer
Your honor  it is still strange that no Democrates vote for The Taylor Bill.
Seems that support Terrorist  with US funds it is OK with you.
I feel like u cut and paste this about EVERY bill
And the ACA wasn't a cash cow for not only the insurance companies but the government after it fined you for not buying a product.
Idiots
Repubs refuse 2 stop giving r tax $ 2 worst WELFARE ADDICTS-Big Oil, Big Pharma Big Ag that has destroyed family farmers + more corporations
Strike it down!!!!
Agreed
I voted for you Bernie in the primary. Hilary in general. You were the most humane human to run since JFK.
Unfortunately voters are dumb up.
Yes 
Just like everything else in our society. We must strive to make the super rich even richer and more lavish. Their mansions need update
Preach!!
Therefore it's 1 percent care HELLO!
I guess that means U Bernie, with your 6 fig income & 7 fig bank acct, & multi mill $$ homes, but you R 4 the poor fokes right? NOT!
Stop playing the blame game we know exactly who it is and common sense can tell ya that
crazy Bernie. What's your next failure ?
Blah, Blah, Blah - should help you with that Million Dollar Year you had last  year.  Oh yeah, will help you with your three homes, too 
Say what it is, a Death Bill!
Mr Communist, where were you when the total disaster Obamacare was being passed? How would you know anything of plan I thought it was SECRET
Not surprising despite @SenateGOP secret negotiations! @SenateGOP and @POTUS are only interested in making the rich richer again and again.
So why r u complaining? Ur one of the rich
Even the Republican Senators in Idaho have told constituents they have no idea what is in Senate healthcare bill. #HealthcareBill #Resist
And Obamacare was tax increase for the middle class and poor?
How can it be a healthcare bill when the insurance or drug companies are not invited to the table to discuss?
You said it
You literally say this about anything. I imagine when you spill milk you do the same
@SarahKSilverman So you should benefit now that you're one of them.
Meanwhile, healthcare costs are skyrocketing & they expect people to pay 5-15k+ a year for coverage or face fines!  #AffordableInsurance4All
I thank you for fighting for the American people. Please never give up on us. We are in this fight with you. God bless you and others w/you.
That's Real Talk
Just like the #JSF wasn't a plane, but a national jobs programme. 
Thank you!!!!!!!
More lies from Bernie
@jonfavs #WealthCare
We should ALL demand to see the bill.Hc has become a decision on whether to take a chance you may go bankrupt or not seek the care you need!
Unfortunately your voice is lost by the tornado of greed that has control of media!
The USA has socialist tendencies. programs like Medicare and Social Security are there to ensure some kind of safety net for all.
so the truth is that the Ds didn't do enough to make sure we wouldn't lose the whole congressional body. BAD
Please stop lying. Relying on class warfare arguments will lead to more violence.
Your family got your break via your wife's chicanery at the college level. Bernie the hypocrite.
ignorant fools who think the orange guy is the second coming of Jesus miģht need jesus personally to cure them after trump care kills them
@SenSasse @SenSanders @elizabethforma Please stand up for Americans.    We need a FAIR healthcare bill.   Ins co need to worry about US
if you love the Koch brothers or Betsy de vos you will love this.if you love kids people with pre existing conditions not so much
Doing anything to stop it?
The Truth is, that #ObamaCare was a terrorist bill to cause confusion & pay for the demoralization of America forcing everyone to pay for it
This is a "They are Evil. You are a victim. Do whatever you need to do. **wink**wink**" tweet.
It's a Wealthy Care Bill
You have a lot of ideas. You should run for pres...oh...wait...never mind.
Mr Sanders,
I'm assuming that you have read the bill and know what you're talking about, if not, you're assuming like I am.
They need to quit living off of "Our Welfare". Our taxes need to help those in need. Anything else,unacceptable. The  is there, 4 EveryOne.
The truth is Obamacare was the single biggest tax on middle class in US history.  Uncle Bernie won't talk about that
You keep saying you don't know what's in it. Now you say you do? Make up your mind Bern
The bigger truth is that YOU, Sir, should be POTUS right now. And for at least 8 years. #BERNIE2020
Congress must be required to enroll in any plan they create. Then we will have great healthcare
Are they counting on the ignorance of their constituents by doing this in the dark??  Sure looks like it......
OK, so if you haven't seen it, how do you know about it?
So is most of the bills being passed.
Why don't more people get that!  It seems obvious to me!
You have to pass the ( R ) bill to see what's in it. That's what (D), Nancy Pelosi told us about Obamacare. You are a hypocrite. ACA=failure
That was Obamacare fact
Hey Phucker, were there any hearings on Obamacare?
Stop them! Play their game and OBSTRUCT! Senate Republicans must be put in their place. #bernie2020
You would know as you are one of them how the housing market right now bernie
Yes, we know that.  Please, keep fighting Bernie - you!
what could be more unpatriotic than allowing fellow Americans to suffer and die
Wait, just yesterday you said it was all a secret, no meetings, GOP not saying and u didn't know what was in it. So your a liar either way.
Who is paying all your do-gooding taxes, Bernie?  You certainly can't cut the taxes of those who pay nothing.
The reality is the primaries were rigged and you knew it.
After the shooting : maybe it's time for a civil war Bernie. You ready for that? You are culpable if it happens.
it's a "we don't CARE if you die" bill
The only true answer is Universal Health Care
Please explain Bernie. My premiums have tripled I'm paying for coverage I don't need but required to have. So please explain your bs
Noo kidding,Senator Sanders 
@TheGoodGodAbove   Tell Jesus to step up the righteous anger please.
Like you, Bernie
My question Senator, why did you stay in America if you hated it's Capitalism and Constitutional Republic, it's form of Democracy?
You need to retire cuz lol
I'm really afraid.I'm on Medicaid,ill,elderly,poor so rely on help I get to stay alive,eat,roof.Can't afford Rx or Dr. HELP us!
Obamacare was created to implode like it is doing so socialism could get one more foothold...government provided healthcare.
That is not true and intellectually dishonest for you to promote. What is wrong with you politicians? You are setting a poisonous tone.
Yes, there is a lot of that going around.  It's bad business.  What's left of the middle-class is living paycheck to paycheck
You are a voice of reason among the crazies!
