Friend who has authored several Economics text books for college level classes agrees with Bernie.
Corporate taxes are not coming from d corps.  They collectedfrom the customers.  Double taxation.  Raising taxes doesn't fix anything

Reason they call it "trickle down" bcuz it may start as a flood for the very rich but time it gets to work class, it's merely tiny drops!
Wrong.
Yeah, it's called being responsible and knowing that things cost money. (But will cost less if we all split the bill.)
Yeah, that's what I just said. "Conservatives" want everything but don't want to pay for it.
Really? You personally paid for the roads you drive on? You paid for the post office in your town? Did you hire a personal police force?
Just makes the wealthy more wealthy
@Danny93z
There is no Conservative economic theory called “trickle-down economics.” That’s a go to leftist straw-man fallacy
Trickle-down economics simply does NOT WORK. That has already been proven. This attempt to try it again is the very definition of insanity.
Will you put your millions in hard work where is risk and little return for
Scientific Research Shows Wealthy Lose Compassion https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-wealth-reduces-compassion/ … Tax Cuts Will Only Benefit the Already Wealthy Corporations!
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
Well now, seeing as the dem’s increased the debt by 10 TRILLION!!!! that’s pretty rich...
Yes it does.
You're absolutely right
Your right trickle down is a myth,  created by dems. It's called supply side economics and its founder is a brilliant economist.
Ask IQ-45's supporters - what have the rich done for you lately?
If Bernie knew anything, he would understand the companies hire people.  He is ignorant about the economy
Actually it does. Bill Clinton believed it and practiced it in the booming 90s. Whoops! Socialism fails again.
It would be nice if you were a myth.
"They don't share that increase in profits with the average workers"
WHY THE FUCK SHOULD THEY? ARE YOU REPLACEABLE BECAUSE YOU ARE IN A LOW SKILL POSITION? PROVE YOUR WORTH OR KEEP MAKING PITTANCE.  HOLY FUCK THIS MADE ME SO MAD.
He's just not seeing past his eyelashes. Of course a corporate tax rate reduction will raise earnings and increase employment. Oh my God!
That explains why America is in crisis. We need to promote small business entrepreneurship so that we can support local economy.
I keep saying this. Capitalism is  greed based on both sides of the equation. The seller side won't inc wages unless compelled to. 1/
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
Most new jobe of lat are small businesses. Trump's tax increase on middle class will stop that!
Oh yeah Clinton gutted the military to speed it up so he could take the credit while in office... SMH
Seems to me Jobs, Middle Class and Economy did pretty well under Reagan, then Clinton made no changes & took all the credit for Bal budget
Is it then also a myth that forcefuly taking money from one group and handing it out to another create jobs?
Hey Bernie...what would you know about how anything works...you are a dead beat that never had a job in your life, you steal from taxpayers
Almost 40 years since Reagan began trickle down...still not working!!!
Yeah the republican plan,,,1st baffle them with bullshit then rob the country blind..!
Watch cruz' tweezed eyebrows and eye makeup. Not well done at all.
It is old rusty fat ugly stinky lie
I still want to try it again, stop trying to continue this globalist bullshit
Considering the economy has seen a boost every time we cut taxes I believe the man in the video is a moron.
Amen @SpeakerRyan
Another lie from @SenSanders
Get a career and stop using the backs middle class Americans to propagate your socialist bull shit
Go and look at the data. Tax cuts have never ever lead to an increase in GDP.
There isn't a sane mind anywhere that can disagree with you here. Only the foolish will believe.
Pro growth tax cuts means cut taxes for the poor, increase taxes on the rich. They wont spend a tax cut, so it won't benefit the economy.
you did a great job Bernie, Ted was just defending the awful tax cuts that are for no one but the rich and the corporations  @tedcruz
Trickle up is the way a healthy economy works. Pay people a decent living wage and people have money to go out and spend.
It's only trickle up or, really, gushing up- the salary of CEOs are disgustingly high and ridiculous! Think of your fellow American please!
Your right 1.7 trillion debt under Reagan now 5.5trillion and counting with interest.
They aren’t lying with trickle down economics. It’s properly named. Wealth is reduced to a trickle.
Seems to me it worked when Kennedy did it in the 60s and again when Reagan did it in the 80s.  

The real myth is you have a brain.
Idiot trumpster
Let's tax greedy corporations at 100%.  The rest of us 0%  That oughtta do it.
Ask any Kansan, trickle down economics is a joke.
It’s not a myth it is Called supply-side economics and it has been proven to work....but politicians like you keep trying to rename it
Trickle-Down Economics explained:
I have been through this trickle down crap.  I will pass thank you
There's a good book you should read called basic economics it's like a hundred pages
Bernie please stop these people
This dude is absolutely retarded
A good sample is the exaggerated one.  What would happen with 100% taxation, and off from there.
Back off
Probably the best move would be to remove Federal income tax outright and return to taxation of the State legislatures.
Its a de facto rule that if you remove money from an economy, the economy slows down.
Actually trickle down did work, just not as predicted.  It shouldn't be the only policy engaged though.
@tedcruz you tried to sell bs. I don’t care about anybody else...YOU tried to sell bs...again. Like a “servile puppy dog” ...arf!
Myth #2: Bernie is a leader.
Corporations and the wealthy don’t force me to give them money. The government does.
We watched the tax reform debate last night & I wish you would've stepped up with more facts against @SenatorCruz_. He is quite the scumbag.
Why did they give Cruz more time. Such an ignorant liar.
Your hole platform evolves around victims.  Your ideas are stale, old, tired! UnAmerican values are what u stand 4. Who honeymoons n Russia?
Mr.Sanders it isn't just a myth IT IS BULLSHIT!!! #FuckTheGOP  #FuckTheRepublicanTaxCutPlan #FuckTrump
BERNIE go back into your Twilight Zone episode and stay there.
Another myth: Democrat party champions leftist and pro working class policies.
This then makes your effort to legitimize Dems a mis-leader.
But you see Bernie, it doesn’t affect you so you can bitch about it!
Simple fact, if you care about your fellow man then you believe in single payer, if you only care about yourself you don't, untill u need it

#TaxationIsTheft
Can't you have a % cap on how much more someone in the company can make compared to the lowest paid employee?
With the wealth and intelligence you all have: look at the German Model of a social democratic state.....
sure senator:
Giving a tax break of 100% to anyone making <$100k/year will create how many jobs?
It certainly doesn’t.  Instead, it makes things even harder for all who live paycheck to paycheck.
#it creates larger bank accounts for the very rich.
I love you Bernie,and this is true. All that happen with this trickle down economics is that the gap is bigger between the poor &rich
And even the middle class is being squezzed. As time pass,the people with privilege will be richer and poor&middle class poorer!!
yes it does, but you wouldn't know because you've never worked a day in your life
Yeah, only the stupid and gullible keep repeating that old chestnut.
Tax cuts under Reagan did NOT trickle down but they did help the wealthy get more money, no diff now.
Has anyone tried reverse trickle down economics give the poor tax cuts and more money through tax refunds at the end of the year?
Never has..never will
Socialism is a much worse option
Senator Sanders .... understood... what is your comprehensive plan and why is it not shown to all in USA?
As "BENSON" said all
those years ago.....
'Were really excited by
all this dribble down!'
@SenSanders

Hey Windbag Sanders overspending doesn't help make the economy grow.  #RememberTheBailoutProgram .  OMFG FUCKING BRILLIANT!
It is plain and simple! They should just send us all a $4000 check if they think this would work!
@  EveryBusinessOnThePlanetThe2ClassesMeet@TheWorkplaceClassRelationship=AfterWage/SalaryHasBeenEarnedUNPAIDWkClassLabourONLYsourceOfPROFIT
The trickle down effect was a huge bust back when Reagan put it into effect, it only kept the poor, poor.
Cruz has ALWAYS had it all wrong.
Even if corporation doesn’t increase wages or hire the $ goes somewhere -assume it is deposited in a bank-bank now has more money to lend
Check your Depends grandpa Bernie,  you will see trickle down works every time.
Cruz is a high functioning psychopath & he will say whatever he thinks will help him
So please explain how a socialist would run our economy. Or should I asked the people of Cuba, Venezuela, NOKO?
Bernie, that's a flat out lie!! Lower tax rate means plant modernization,  expenditure on R &D, expansion.  It creates jobs!!
Poor government economic policies stall corporate spending even at low tax rate, focus on action not on criticism, or  old sound bites..
We here in the state of Kansas can attest to that. Sam Brownbackhas left our state in a mess and is off to promote religious freedom
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP @WhiteHouse @MSNBC @ABC @nytimes @CBSNews @thehill @funder @RawStory @TeaPainUSA @SafetyPinDaily @DTrumpExposed
Cruz wiped the floor with Bernie.  Plain ans simple Trickle-Down Econ works.  Poor Folks do not creat jobs.
Subsidizing the poor at middle class expense is why DEMs lost...
Dem's represent a tax based pro growth government. Obama, at large created subsidies and penalized people into mandated compliance..
It's not a myth, it's a flat out lie, they are liars and frauds!
The profits big business's are holding speaks toward 'trickle down'. Profits are not raining on anyone elses parade.
Those who believe in 'Trickle-down' economics should look up the meaning of the word trickle: the rich keep their money by not spending it.
Capitalism is what made the US the wealthiest country in the world. Socialism equates to Cuba, Venezuela, NOKO, Greece, etc. All broke!!
Trickle up doesn't work either, unless iPhones magically appear.   Supply and demand...not supply or demand.
Bernie:  Wants the Federal government running your life...put another way, he wants Trump running your life.  #LeftyLogic
That's why you have no reply for common sense...
As a financial guy, I agree 100%.  Save Corps money they pay higher executive bonuses, expand expense accounts and increase entertainment
Customers create jobs!!!! End the myth of "Job Creators"

Nobody creates a job unless they need people to help them keep up with demand.
And who wakes up in the morning and gets thos customers?   Do they just show up with no effort from the owner/employer/corporation?
Well companies could afford hiring more people. And the tax cut isn’t just for the tip top 1% it’s average everyday business owners.
The way the economics has gone in the past eight years has been spend spend spend and we are going broke under your plan Bernie
more GOP lies propaganda
No it's not Bernie.  Please document the time in civilization where high taxes and high spending socialism created opportunities and wealth

Right, the only time wages increase is when the demand for workers increases. They do not "share the wealth" out of altruism
Bernie bros are so stupid, and he knows this. Companies dont need to share via raises. Some  do, others via investment, new jobs, dividends
With little to no respect, you have zero idea what it takes to create jobs.  You've never even held a real one in your life.
If cutting taxes doesn't create jobs, why do companies leave the country when you raise taxes?
Hey Bernie/nobody wants what your selling/fear mongering,socialism,gov. Control,you!  U/Demi’s R do nothings/we R in this mess cuz of U guys
From one of the myth creators
fake radical left wing socialist news
It worked for Regan.
Isn't this justified by the "American dream"....be rich and fuck everybody else!
You guys don't provide care for the people that need it but can't PAY for it!
It's not clear to me what you are arguing, my dude
Tax cuts for the rich are Ok, because one day, you'll be that rich man/woman 
Instead of calling it a tax cut call it US having less stolen by Fed Gov
Ill just leave this right here. This is what’s truly unfair. Dont give me Dem talking points crap that they pay other taxes. WE ALL DO!
Its a myth in that the term was invented by the left as a straw man.  No economists advocate this, its not even a real thing.
You socialists throw it out there so you can offer your commie BS as an "alternative". Its a false dichotomy.  You are the worst.
Higher taxes and bigger government is Bernie s answer.....ha..ha...ha
Which is why after 8 years of left wing Obamanomics, it produced the 4th WORST economic record of any POTUS in U.S. History?!?! Failure!!
It is just an excuse to cut programs and reverse progressive gains. They will be coming after more if they get this. Privatizing gov functio
Then what does?  More taxes?  How would you know?  You never had one.
Trickle-down economics inevitably Tinkles-on the 99%
How so?
We've tried this Simple Syrup Economic Policy for 37 years now. If TaxCuts REALLY "created Jobs", we'd all have our choice of 6-8 good ones!
Take away: big business should be punished.
Reality: small business suffer the most.
Of coarse it works. Wake the fuck up
What a bunch of Econ illiterate libtards. I was 23 when Reagan took office and unemployed. By the time he left I was middle class / house
Cruz cleaned your clock
Pro Rich
But maybe giving all your money away will do the trick, Bernie... try it.
It’s Piss-down economics. #sad
another question. 1981 Ted Cruz was 11. Being born in 1970.Only 19 by Reagan's last year. #was he Canada then? Or Texas
& Tuition Free is? Forget about the rise in the ppl tax money going to pay for Tuition Free in which those students will find they pay later
How can we trust and believe what Mr. Cruz has to say? This is the guy who revoked his Canadian Citizenship to run for president. SELFISH!
It does create jobs, in China.....
Trickle up is a myth too.
Trickle-down economics is an invention of the left. No economist has ever produced a theory called "trickle-down economics".
Low corporate tax rates seem to work pretty well for the Scandinavian countries Bernie always loves to bring up.
If you don't believe this take a look at Kansas! Under Brownback taxes were cut or eliminated and the state nearly went bankrupt.
I agree. GOP itself has become a myth! They keep fooling Americans and themselves. Trickle down has not worked since Ronald Reagan's GOP!
I agree  but WHY is this done all over the world, also here in Belgium? Just fear they go elsewhere? That kill Democracy.
Does anyone believe that #BernieSanders is an economist? Maybe the most naive of millennials? #feelTheBern
But your advocation of socialism would definitely work right? You are nothing more than a sell out and a fraud.
While you are working like a slave every day, the wealthy spend their days strategizing how to separate you from your money.
If *BILLIONAIRES* care so much about your money, why do they have soooo much of it? They're always looking for an angle to get more of it.
That's right it's theirs. They earned it or inherited it. I'm not Rich and I don't want the gov to have my money to squander it.
What’s your solution for giving the American people a tax cut? @SenSanders
RT this as much as possible-this is the con the GOP is trying to pull over on the working class calling it tax reform-its BS!Only helps rich
America, why are you letting your selfish president do this to you. Wake up!! Open your eyes and see!! SMH
You’re wrong again! EVERY tax cut has led to increased tax revenue and jobs. Go back to the U.S.S.R., Bernie!
Businesses are about profits and not about creating jobs...
Trickle-down economics has a simpler name: Prosperity.
For some reason we don't use that word anymore.
Yes it is. Career politicians like you are responsible! #26years

Trickle-down economics is the only system where anti-gravity works.
True.......only creats an invironment for job creation . No wealthy buis. ......no jobs.
Agree that tax cuts on wealthy doesn’t create jobs. But Dems didn’t help the Middle class with any cuts either.
Saying "it's not true" is not evidence. Any reliable stats for this?
I lived it. Worked in tech industry & so did my husband. We were pretty good $ managers. We were "trickled on", conned.
Bernie is a sell out old clown
Bullshit Bernie.... when companies make more profit, they will spend more to try and make more. They invest in more people and more growth
Yes, no “wealth” has ever trickled down throughout society. That’s why you have all the same amenities in life as a Somalian person.
No money for Me, means no money for you. <--(period) Stabilize prices first. Simply stated, Work to do. Lots of work.RM
What's in his ear?
Trickle down is a buzzword for how the economy actually works...

Why do people who hold up these never look like they have held a job? Get haircut and get a trade quit asking for free shit..
Small business is the growth engine for our economy. No tax cuts for companies with more than 100 employees. None!
Locally earned, locally invested, locally sourced, locally hired, locally supported. #LocalFirst over #CorporateGreed
Deadbeat dads on the dole for a decade shouldn't give economic advice to anyone.
This makes zero sense. Please explain for all the wealthy corporations that are planning mass expansions in America, including the hiring of many thousands of Americans, that tax cuts don't create jobs. You sir, are an idiot.
Or, keep up pushing your socialist agenda, watch wages and taxes skyrocket, and robots take all your jobs. #robotsdoitbetter
Reagonomics did not work then, won't work now.
So, what does create jobs Bernie???  Explain that!!!  Non-stop whining about give aways. But how do YOU create jobs?
For now capitalism is still working.  We are the richest nation.  Socialism has failed all over the place. You call yourself a socialist.
Government giving money stimulates rent-seeking behavior, not the economy. Getting the government's out of everyone's pocket is good for all
You always have those who seek to be landlords taking by lowering their own taxes at the expense of everyone else.
At the expense of big gov. If tax rates are too high, there's less production and incentive to hide assets anyway. High taxes≠high revenue.
@SenTedCruz, is this baseless?
McCain & Graham sell White Phosphorous & Depleted Uranium ammo to ISIS
#TimberSycamore #ZeroFootprint #DemExit #MAGA
https://trud.bg/350-diplomatic-flights-carry-weapons-for-terrorists/ …
