Move to Canada . In America we value capitalism. It's pathetic an elected official is so ignorant of public sector health insurance.
i think U.S. would do well on the British system - ppl can purchase private care if they want, and gov't offers free/cheap care to the rest
it's called medicaid. Every state has indigent care. it's the law
Difference is anyone can get gov care in Britain, but here Medicaid is only for the very poor. Lots of ppl who aren't well-off don't qualify
Health coverage blocks actual health care, govt makes it even worse in their bureaucratic cesspool of corruption
thing is though, anyone who has $ for private insurance can avoid govt care entirely; just go to a private doc/hospital instead
That would actually mean the rich don't have health coverage
Right. Health coverage is a scam. Blocks health care for big govt bureaucratic and big business corruption
People against it don't realize that Medicare happens for them @somepoint. And w/o Medicare regs, seniors would be low in #! $$$$ w/o regs
As a senior,  my Medicare premiums keeps increasing, while my COLA remains stagnant! Don't tell me!
This happens w/ all insurance premiums.They all go up as cost of care rises. Increase is also due to less gov funding for Medicare right now
.The $6 COLA I rec for 2017, went straight to Medicare. 3 of the past 8 yrs, no COLA for us. Why?
That's a @SocialSecurity Issue/? Medicare doesn't determine that...
True, but it shld be a factor.I apologize for wking 24 yrs b4 becoming disabled.
I get it and agree. I do. It's really complex. I work for insurance so I see the web of it all and get the impact.
Guess I will scream louder, but so far, no one's listening.
i support medicare for all, but i don't think calling health care a "human right" is helpful - i'd just argue it's a good policy #imo
Do you want the government to make health care decisions for you? Ask yourself why so many Drs and nurses moved from Canada to USA.
if i lived in U.K. i'd buy private care bc i can afford it, but i'd rest easy knowing my loved ones who can't still have healthcare
Single Payer/ Medicare for all= Slavery
that seems.. a little hyberbolic lol
Your forcing someone to work for a given wage without any control whatsoever. It slavery.
by that logic are teachers enslaved?
No because there's options outside of government pay, single payer the government sets the price
Good pay for it your self

Keep fighting the good fight
 Thank you for fighting for us!
Does this mean lower premiums, lower deductibles and lower medicines too? Make America Affordable Again...If Not-Medicare for all in negated
Who will pay for it? Will be Big Pharma keep making the big bucks? They line politicians pockets. Here is Bernie.
Single Payer Healthcare is a moral imperative! 24 of 25 Democratic countries ALL Agree.
Can't work here. Big Pharma makes big money and they line the politicians pockets. So we will be taxed to pay them.
Thank you
You seriously have no clue. You only want this so we're ALL dependent on govt for med care. Long lines and sorry ass care is the future
Question though, if we can't pay for those on Medicare now, how do you propose adding more people to it?
Cut military spending.
Medicare and Medicaid already makes up $1.3 of our annual budget. Defense is half of that. U can't cut enough to pay for it, learn something
So, you want to bankrupt the US and wipe them off the map with $10 trillion additional debt? Makes sense!Say NO to #MedicareForAll
Stay away from my healthcare
They want to enslave the medical profession

HOW WILL MEDICARE BE FUNDED? SAID TO BE BANKRUPT IN A FEW YEARS? WILL THIS HELP OR HURT SENIORS WHO DEPEND UPON MEDICARE AND PAY FOR IT?
Rep. Lee, nothing that is paid for by someone else is a right. Simple as that.  A human right is freedom of speech, religion, assembly, etc.
1. How do we pay for it? 2. How long does a profitless business stay open?
With money that would have went to insurance companies! Like all not for profit organizations.
They're gonna double the payroll tax. This will cause businesses to lay off as many as they can to reduce their tax burden.
#MedicareForAll is the only #ACA repeal/replace plan that could gain substantial bipartisan support.
Bipartisan no.
Once your "president" signs-on (or tweets-on or whatever) it will be. Just watch.
Tell us how it will be payed for....we need facts, not emotional appeals.
With money.
hell yeah
This HC thing 4 all is a coming. Those no nothing do nothing Republicans need to lead, follow, or get the hell out the way. HC is a
H Right.
You don't your rights then. You Don't just get to make them up.
At a certain age we are all eligible 4 Medicare. Repubs hid this  fact from from u .What we are really arguing is the age of eligibility.
Medicaid likely, not Medicare. Medicaid is supposed to be for those who need assistance but are not elderly.
Non discriminatory healthcare is the fundamental right.We must get #EqualRightsAmend ratified so it is illegal to discriminate against women
Do not do it! Nobody who has lived through socialized health care would recommend it!
What is this all about, @RepBarbaraLee ?
Amen to that!
You and @replouiegohmert should have a chat. He needs to get on board!!
That isn't EVER going to happen.
Well, when everyone is poor as shit, I hope we look back on this tweet and see how incredibly stupid it sounds
Obviously you paid absolutely no attention to Senator Rand Paul's response to Bernie Sanders.
Great, now please exempt me from it and don't take my money to pay for others' bad lifestyle habits.
But you won't, since my CHOICE isn't part of my humans rights when it comes to disagreeing with YOU.
with your taxes you pay for kids to go to school, if someone does not have kids, why do they pay for kids to go to school? when your car
insurance goes up, and you have a good driving record, you are paying for those who do not have a good driving record, why should you have
Car insurance is required when participating in the privilege of driving, not simply breathing.
yes car insurance is required, but why should my car insurance go up be cause of other peoples irresponsibility?
Please show me in the Constitution where it states the government is required to provide healthcare for everyone. Thank you!
In the preamble. Promote the general welfare! And domestic tranquillity!
So the gov't is to advocate peace? That sounds good to me 
One question. How are you planning to pay for it?
Like we pay for roads, bridges, police, fire departments, military, public education, etc, etc, etc. Cut military increase domestic programs
With a country of 300+ million people and an illegal immigration  problem it would be a failure of epic proportions!
Can't be much worse of a failure than it is my friend.
That's a risk we can't afford to take.
Risk is relative to perspective. Others can't risk keeping the same fraudulent system. But if you want to keep being robbed, by all means.
I agree.  It's time.
Thank you, @RepBarbarLee
I agree. This needs to be our rally cry: https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/9/13/1698096/-PEOPLE-OVER-PROFITS-It-s-just-that-simple … @maddow @StephenAtHome @SenSanders @RepMaxineWaters @GeorgeTakei
We need VA type health care!! No insurance company needed!!
Ask not what you can do for your country... Ask what your country can do for you... Debt doubled to 20 Trillion in last 8yrs... Why not 40$$
look how poorly the gvnt ran Vet's health care & I can't imagine any sane person wishing that horror on everybody.
Thank you!! You might want to tell Hillary to STFU
Hallelujah! All the money people & businesses pay to insurance companies can be given to single payer. No price gouging & everyone's covered
Love the start. Just end with the Medicare Option, so the old white dudes can see what the people want.
Thank you for leading in this matter, @RepBarbaraLee! 
Will Congress exempt themselves like they did with Obamacare?  If that was good enough for us why was it not good enough for you?
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepBarbaraLee/status/908037876465709058 … (Ranked 5th for Sep 13.)
WTG!
Go tell the health insurance companies who charge 60.00 for an aspirin in Hospital!!! Not getting free, until you take it up with CEOS!
health insurance companies do not set rates fo aspirin in hospital. that would be the hospital beefing up rates to cover ppl who don't pay
Hello it's all, drug hospital & ins... in cahoots! Reason for high premiums & not all covered... hospital has to pay staff... get from INS!
Words!
Thank you for making the only moral choice there is regarding health care! #rightsideofhistory
Which begins at conception by our Creator and should not be ended for a profit through abortion.
Just what planet are you from health care was not available to first mankind it's a modern scam to rape hard working people
It's not a right, it's a privilege
No. You do not have a right to someone elses labor, thats slavery. Doctors, nurses, etc are humans that deserve to be treated as such

If they to school 10 yrs to be a doctor. They deserve to choose what $ and service they provide. Some people are not as stupid as u barbara
The insurance company decide what doctors get now they don't get a choice!
No it's NOT! U r one of those idiots that when the country collapse due to it's enormous debt you'll b looking around asking what happened?
@CelaineF  Is it all about money? Where Trump? Ask him WHAT'S GOING ON?
@KamalaHarris20 @KEITHOLBERMANN @NAACP @OFFICIALJADEN @AMJOYSHOW
No, it ISN'T.
Who has a fundemental right to pay for it?
Please help Missouri convince your colleague @clairecmc stand with you on #MedicareForAll
No it isn't.
So why did the State of CA decide not to do it? Does it become less expensive when you add another layer, like the Fed gov't? 
No it's not ..you get a job and buy it it's a service..we would never let our healthcare be controlled by you
Thank you Barbara
A healthier country is a more productive one. Plenty don't get the early detection they need. It isn't just cancer, even autoimmunes.
I saw you several times on MSNBC. How is your health? I know you are a strong advocate for ACA.
People over Profit...
What does even mean? It's just a stupid slogan which downplays the effectiveness of profit- driven. Profit driven is a positive 4 consumers.
Oh how u libs love your platitudes. Swing the shiny object & masses are hypnotized. Sorry but we know you're a fraud.
fix price gouging pharma first. then talk about taking our money to insure people. congress is a whorehouse
profits for price gouging pharma do come firt for all of you corrupt Dems. Same way you tabled the public option u want massive corp welfare
Why would I care what the drug company charges you for my drugs? Why would anyone shop around for pricing the government is paying
tysm
That means someone will be forced into indentured servitude if it's not economically viable. Or are you just saying stuff that feels good?
Thank you! 
Interesting.

I can't find that right in the Constitution.

Can you show me where it is?

You DO know what the Constitution is, right?
Health care a right & patients come 1rst turns out 2b bullshit when  ur remedy is put corrupt, scumbag politicians & bureaucrats in  charge
It is not a constitutional right. Fix the VA then talk to us about health care.
Will be interesting to see how many hospitals close if this passes. I'm betting on at least 50%.

Kaiser-Permanently gone.
Under your plan, slavery is reinstituted as Doctors no longer have the right to charge what they want for the services they render.
