Will you be discussing the investigation into your wife's fraudulent actions that bankrupted and closed down Burlington College?
Oh Geez  we got another kool-aid drinker over here!! 
You know the saddest part about this Koolaid drinker? There is a possibility that he is being paid by a pro-HRC PAC. So much for unity.
You're right! There is a good possibility @SenSanders is being paid by a pro-HRC PAC!
You have issues @greedy_bernie
Yes! I have issues with greedy corrupt career politicians like Bernie getting rich off hard working tax payers! #GreedyBernie
He's one of the poorest senators  wtf are u talking about!? You are so whack. youre a professional liar. And you're not even good at it!
Bernie makes 4x the national median income and is in the top 6% of US income! He's VERY rich! #SixFigureSocialist #GreedyBernie
Go. Away.
Buh-Bye Josh. 

You are seriously an egomaniacal idiot. Resign.
Tone deaf much as per usual, Sanders' Twitter?
no thank u- don't need a break from the history-making news right now.
how are you verified
by Putin. u?
I'm not actually verified
To hear Sanders's ugly divisive rhetoric as he continues to divide America. People of Vermont, stop paying this goof by NOT electing him.
Can you explain how he's dividing America?
NO! Go away old man. We care about the Russia story.
Shouldn't you be working for the people not trying to be famous? Come on, man. I may not like you but I respected that you did your job Sad.
Actually he's still doing his job even after the election.
Sorry I missed it
By all means .. take a break from foreign money/interference in your own damn election.
Nothing funny about not knowing who killed #SethRich. Y do u not say anything about that Senator.U work for us.We want to know!
Vom.
No thanks
Double no Thanks.
Triple no thanks.
How about you help get our country back on track? And if it means talk Russia then do it.
Great topic for you- the murder of Seth Rich!
seems pence is more like vice mushroom or so he would have us believe.
Like Bernie Sanders writes these tweets.
No thanks BERNARD. We are done with Trump Bashing. You got F'd by Hillary, enjoyed it, you still think she's an angle. Where's my uranium?
GOP need to quit protecting this horrible President and follow our Constitutional Law. Do what is right for America and not yourselves.
YEAH TREASON NBD AMIRITE
We cold get a break from Russia if you and you're ilk would quit making up stories. You lost, accept it and move on.
I guess that the demos are operating on the Clinton principle! If you tell a lie enough, people will start to believe it!
Your stories of unicorns farting free money in a magic land free of the laws of economics are funny enough
Dems @DNC are now known as the party of murder and Corruption #JusticeForSeth
No matter how much you lie about it, there r no Russian ties 2 Trump or campaign.  We're not buying this Beltway Bull$hit!
finally you got the picture this obsession about Russia break rank join Trump who is at least talking to Russia
Comedy Central presents two guys in need of meds
Time for a special council to be appointed to investigate the crimes committed by Hillary Clinton and her criminal cabal.
Get off it already this shit is getting old
we need a break from your cenile old man dust farts invading our capital
You will never stop, doesn't matter if there's no evidence, you won't stop
Bernie dont you think you should get your life in order before preaching to us? 

Do as I say not as I do? Hypocrite !
that may be funny.  Bernie is somewhat of a joke!
STOP DISTRACTING US BERNIE !!!!!!!
WE ARE EASILY DISTRACTED!!!!!!
Bernie, when are you going to endorse Corbyn?
why not a Youtube channel?
More liberal propaganda. Wake up there is a WAR being waged against US CITIZENS by the dishonest liberal politicians & media.
Need a permanent break from you
Oh so we can listen to him condemn Trump, that would be a no thank you. Who's paying for the comedian?
Keep the faith, Bernie. Never give in.
Will you guys joke about the #dnclawsuit ?
Bernie, I think you'll be meeting with Special Justice Mueller & your fellow Senators. How times changed. What a wasted presidency.
All your Twitter feed is about is Russia/Trump collusion conspiracies you crazy old man!
I can't find it on FB app. Grrrr
Wait. I am "Comeying" (patented word).
How can we listen to you for more than a minute, and not be reminded of the Rodina! Comrade! Please. Pretending does not suit you!
No, watching you run for president was enough laughs.
Where are your financial disclosure forms you were required to submit to the Senate Ethics Board on 5/15? What are you hiding Senator? What?
wrong, wrong!!!!!
Will you also be discussing the paper you wrote on women fantasizing about being gang raped?
an attempt to humanize Bernie....despicable
Watch Comey Sworn testimony on May 3, 2017 http://710wor.iheart.com/onair/mark-simone-52176/comey-just-said-under-oath-no-15842398/ …
Only problem I see... which of those is the audience posed to laugh at?
Yes please!
Why Bern, we want to hear about you and your wife regarding your BANK FRAUD Investigation! Was there a cover up Bern?
Do a show about Venezuela and the failure of socialism.
Social democracy is not socialism.
You hold on to that dream
It's not a dream, it's a fact. UK, France, Germany, Japan, South Korea, Scandinavian countries. All are social democracies.
Who plays the straight man?
Sanders/Wilmore 2020

wtf is wrong with you?
every time you speak it's comedy
had you more hair, we have no idea. We have no idea what so ever. Hello.
How do you know the news cycle is out of control?  - @SenSanders is promoting comedy!
Yes! We do! Thank you 
Sorry - not while Facebook is involved.
i love listening to your podcast but the audio is very bad you should consider a sound engineer :>
I second this
sure why not
Still love u bernie all the way from PORTLAND OREGON
Need a break from you and your lying party...
We don't need a break! This is our country and its in danger because of idiots. No days off for me please.
2PM EST?
forever
Mr. Sanders, I am impressed with your positive energy! I wish you the best!
REally because they are just making stuff up because the democrats did not win; what they thought democrats were going to be in office
This is the first time in 118 days I have felt like I can take my eye off our democracy.  Deep breathe.
No we need a break from YOU!!!!
You have a bullshit meter....use it on yourself
Yea it pegged on ur post. Did ur feeling get hurt? Mommy will make u a hot pocket and make u feel all better. 
Nah. I don't use microwaves because "they" could be listening.
Just put ur foil hat on
Can you make me one? Maybe your directions will "trickle down" to myself and others?
Was going to ask u same question. Since Bernie supporters cant think for themselves.
Everyone should tune in.
