Like Paul Wellstone, I believe health care is a right for all Americans. My stmnt on cosponsoring @SenSanders bill: https://www.facebook.com/senatoralfranken/posts/1491573710928506 …
Education, food, housing, clothing, energy, essential goods and services etc should ALL be human rights. Without capitalism, they will be.
You're posting on Twitter

Socialism is the excuse of the lazy to gain money they did nothing for
Money will not exist in the future socialist society. It will be completely unnecessary and obsolete. Money is only needed under capitalism.
The people eating pets in South America love this idea

Capitalism is far more practical, fair, and moral than socialism. And it's not even close
I do not want Government running my health care, period. My right first and Foremost is freedom, when government runs shit I ain't free.
Right!  We need to get rid of all that soul crushing socialism like police protection, roads, and freeways!
Radical much ?
That went right over your head, didn't it?
Sounded sarcastic to me.
Still over your head.  Government already runs services.  Single payer healthcare won't make you any less free than you already are.
No, you  don't get it, healthcare is personal and  I know exactly what my feelings on the matter.  That's why we vote.
Then we're back to you buying private education, fire protection, and body guards. You might as well stop at every street to pay a toll, too
Hey, you guys remember the last time a politician pushed for making the product of people's labor a right. I do. Millions of people died.
This would be a way better argument if there weren't already various other countries with health care for everyone that worked.
My tax dollars won't go to pay for the labor of others to be given away. Not if I have anything to say about it.
Same here!!  I work way too hard to hand it over to someone who doesn't!  Look at all the Medicare fraud as a reference.
We all work and pay in while not using something so others can. Then, when we need it it's available to us. That's how all insurance works.
I have amazing insurance that I will fight tooth and nail to keep!  Leave me, my insurance, and my taxes alone.  Not being a dick but hey..
No offense taken, and I also am not trying to be a dick but...I don't think you really realize how insurance already works.
My taxes do not go up, and my services do not change with BCBS.  Single payer it will all change.  Simply not interested in messing up what
I'm not even from the US and I find it bizarre that a major nation like the US doesn't have a universal health care system.
If you're a woman, you're physically weaker than a man, so you're saying that you should die? How would we continue as a species?
But wait, I thought there was no biological basis for gender.. Make up your minds Marxists.
Youre the one who said the weak should die, and I just told u by that by your logic then most women should die
Oh I saw what you wrote. It wasn't clever. It was weak effort to misrepresent my point and elevate it into the realm of the absurd.
Whats absurd is that you advocate for weak people dying as some form of natural altruism as if anyone would ever take you seriously.
You took me seriously. That was enough.
Health = a right / care (insurance) = benefit (privilege) Your focus on this is misleading, focus on the fact that all need care like yours!
It should NOT be a privilege. This country has more than enough resources to provide this. Get off the side that hates.
and those resources that supply these elected officials the best care should be what the American ppl should b getting, NOT JUST DC CONGRESS
Why dont you nationalize pharmaceutical research. In 100 years you will be able to cure a cough.
A lot of pharmaceutical research is already funded by government and carried out by state university employees.
Then why do big pharma collectively spend billions if that suffices? Where do you think the researchers go to work when they graduate?
You pay for it Al and Bernie.30 years you did nothing about http://it.Now  you care?
Flip Flop presidenent
Hi Bernie I still have your sticker on my car bumper, waiting.
Thanks Sen. Franken.
We already have a "Right to Work " and along with that comes an ability to pay for healthcare!
"Right to work" refers to legislation making it easier for your employer to screw you over.  Bad analogy.
In contrast to the union screwing you over and killing your motivation.
@SenatorCardin @ChrisVanHollen Please support a healthcare system for all since it should not a privilege  but a right of all Americans!
Let's take away healthcare from the seniors, and see how they feel,
@big_cdog @i_deray @DLDowers @csquaredtx @jlw_jamie @zjs1983 @lbweaver @dxckstep @MrRecord @barbspitz @chaz4444
Max Baucus, once a foe of single-payer health care, belatedly endorses it http://wapo.st/2wPJCYZ 
Goldman Sachs makes $0 on Single Payer. That's why it cuts costs and half and covers everyone. Yet  DEMS too stupid to point that out(OECD).
Your confusion lies in your sources. I'm not quoting Bernie just stating OECD facts. Goldman Sachs corruption controls both Ds  and Rs.
Dems incompetent to the point of complicity. It makes them dangerous. 
Bernie independent of it all makes paid lies theories look silly.
The biggest treat to America today is  Progressive, Liberal,Democrats! We desperately need our educational system to reinstate civics.
Promote the general welfare. #SinglePayer

I see a ticket almost
We are charged for water which is a necessity to life but healthcare should be free; is there something wrong with this?
How do you propose to pay for it when California decided it's too expensive?
That insurance premium you or your employer currently pay to a for-profit insurance company would instead be paid into a national insurance.
@HillaryClinton is the ex most pop girl in school looking thru a window at everyone at the party having fun and moving on WITHOUT her
Senator Sanders-turning the Democratic Party around is akin to deflecting a planet-not there yet-but this is a significant achievement!
Look where your platform got you.  Ya lost how many thousand legislative seats across the country?  Voters are over establishment policies.
Please keep it up Senator Sanders. You're one of the few bright spots on the national scene.
Healrh care us not a right.  Not in a free America.
Bernie is a feeble old Man he didn't even get the money to fix the roads in vermomt after Irene
When is having a safe community a right & not a chance for children across the US? SS does more harm than good!  #StopCPS/DCF
Obamacare forced participation or levied fine.  We are including these snowflake slugs, free, at the expense of our senior Medicare program
We can't create a Healthcare plan that panders 2 young and lazy.  Especially when their coverage takes from Seniors & Medicare.  Can't last!
Thank you both!
Obamacare already expanded Medicare to cover adult kids who spend more time gaming than working.  Makes them low income eligible 4 Medicare?
Dem senator, Bob Menendez is convicted of colluding w/Dr friend, defrauded Medicare & abused his power to give alien girlfriend a visa.
Congress has colluded w/healthcare industry 4 years. Reason, HC, out of control.  More HC lobbyists than any other industry.  Can't separate
Wealthy will use doctors in pvt practice, no insurance or SP allowed.  Population will be treated by nurses or doctors w/bad credentials.
Countries w/SP healthcare, come here 4 prompt service.  Otherwise they die waiting in line.  Don't be taken in by "free", U get what U pay 4
This is single payer H/C, consider it your right to die.  Healthcare is not a right guaranteed by our Constitution.  Gov can't cover this 4U
Thank you Sen. Franken! and @amyklobuchar I am proud to be a Minnesotan.  @RickNolanMN Are you with Al? #MedicareForAll #Medicare4All
Thank you Senator Franken. #MedicareforAll
Oh please, #Franken and #SarahSilverman urged we #Berners to stop believing in anything you said! NO pass! #DemExit
My words are simple; thank you @SenSanders @SenGillibrand @SenWarren @SenFranken. humanity is not a profit commodity #medicareforall
Then if it is a right gentleman, you need to amend the constitution and tell the American people how they will be required to pay for it.
thanks for fighting the good fight.
Actually rights are enshrined in the Constitution, not a health care plan. #BernieIsAFraud
thanks senator's Sanders and Franken! Medicare for all is the right thing to do!
and anotherone follows the #WayOfTheBern :) thank u Bernie
How about a healthcare system that makes people healthy instead of making them sick for profit. Drs r in it for the money
Fingers crossed this happens.. this is life changing for someone with a chronic condition such as myself. Thank you ....So much.
You progressives are clueless. When you make diet and exercise mandatory and smoking illegal then maybe you can suggest Medicare for all.
.@SenSanders true, but you ruin everything, so this bill is sure to fail - thanks?
Boy this is a pair of dandys thank god these 2 don't have control of party they will kill the party
How about thanking Hilary Clinton who proposed this back in 1993? @SenSanders is standing behind her in videos and photos. @alfranken
If she wants thanked now, she could throw her support behind it *now,* not 25yrs ago
Acknowledging her pioneering efforts would be important, as a sign of goodwill. Do they still make those?
Healthcare is not a right-personal responsibility. No more redistribution of wealth! No single payer!
Suggest you review the meaning of inalienable.
Yay, Bring the USA back into the 21st Century!!
Yes, because you want and need control over everything. Our Rights are called out in our founding documents. U don't invent new ones!
And good for small business start ups. Health insurance benefits are a big reason people don't leave a job to start a business.
And it's good for businesses. Avg amt an employer pays for health insurance benefits is $4700 per year per employee. See Kaiser study.
The only way to fix the health care system is to get rid of the insurance companies.  If insurance companies are involved, it will not work.
As long as we have legal drug pusher's backed by the FDA we can't afford healthcare in this country.
No one has a right to anyone else's labor...that's called slavery.
Thank you Bernie. Even thought you didnt make it all the way YOU STILL ARE FIGHTING FOR US
We also have others rights too but you and those other hypocrites don't see them. How about the right to protect us from illegals
Don't back it up, though, by reminding Americans that 100s of bureaucracies gaming their lives for profit is BAD, you will lose. #healthcare
@SenSanders. I can't believe you are so informed. Socialized healthcare does not work and you know it. Countries who have it will tell you.
Why don't you two elderly white men address the white supremacist ideology of another old white man in Oval Office?
Great a comedian supporting an incompetent politician wow what could go wrong!
Really a right where's does state that in USA constitution
You're next @SenBobCasey let's go
Its a service.
Get rid of the Dems and Repub parties and maybe something would get done for the American people
The Dems are as bad as the Repubs. U know this has no way of becoming law now. Fix Obamacare
Pat him on that back while he insulted you & your supporters during primaries but he's got your back grandstanding w GOP majority?
If we didn't have election fraud @SenSanders would be President and @senfranken wouldn't be a senator. :/
About time USA caught up with rest of the world Ignore the selfish, uncaring & bigoted that deny this basic right to others. #Healthcare4all
Can't have much of anything else without your health and it should be enshrined in the constitution.

@SenSanders https://youtu.be/BFlSCPPRRYE 
Omg then why didn't he support Bernie in primaries? What he supports it NOW?!
Having a gun is a right, it's in the constitution.  Are you going to provide them for free too?
It's time to get this done.
Thank you @SenFranken . Hope others jump on board.
It's a service.
It is a right of legal Americans not illegals
Then let democrats pay for it and leave conservatives out
Hey Bank Fraud Bernie, you demorats gave us obumercare! Remember the healthcare for EVERYONE!!! You demorats just can't quit screwing HC
With Obamacare as bad as it is I can only imagine what a nightmare single payer would be. The federal govmt. Cannot run our healthcare
Even rights have to be paid for. Working people have already been picked clean.
Love this:) Thank you for remaining brave! People support this grandpa
You rock, Bernie!!!  Keep the pressure on. We've got your back.
U no, if you'd been up front about costs of yr programs, you'd have won the Dem nomination
Keep up the good job u 2 r doing representing "the people" of the U.S. #democracy Of the people, for the people! #ClimateChangeIsReal
And then too how are you planning to pay for a universal healthcare? Our taxes are already at 22%, how much higher do you plan to go?
I agree
You know, Bernie, Al. You guys keep talking about this" universalhealthcare system as the greatest thing that we could have, like obamacare
People think Medicare or insurances pay for the cost so they are Ok, they are not, these costs come back as taxes, higher premiums, deductib
Keep up the fight, Bernie 
the narrative of "These are our ideas. Who needs Bernie?" then they try to make people forget about him, then just drop single payer.
recognizing that straight-up opposing him won't work, are just trying to do an end-run through "embrace and extend" so that they can craft
I'm glad to see Bernie forcing other senators' (and perhaps Democrats at large) hands on this matter. My most immediate concern is the DNC,
I've actually got some thoughts on the nature of resistance to Single Payer and other issues...
Today would be a good day to release your recent tax returns. And yeah, thanks Al.
Thank you Al!
Why would we not want Medicare for all? We have police and fire protection for all. Quality of life would be better. Why is that bad?
The health care system in the US is painfully inefficient, expensive and irritating.
Sounds oh so good and wow would be oh so nice  but as always the biggest question of the day is (pause) who's going to pay for it 
You can't make rights! They're inherent from birth and not derived from men. Health care is not a right! Period.
Running mates!!! 
Guns are a right, yet you don't seem to want to force every one to get one. By your logic, having access to guns doesn't go far enough.
Then Bernie, why did I work for 45 years.   Oh yeah, to buy your houses and give you a glamorous lifestyle
Then shut up and figure it out then. All you guys do is bump ur gums. Go into a room and get it done stop slapping each others dongs on here
Great, going to follow our example. Americans will love it. Now to convince those stubborn Republicans. P. S.  You R my favourite Senators
For Trump and friends it's about putting more money in their pockets and taking away medical decisions from us and our doctors
And more democrats with spines to stop conceding arguments that we know are wrong. Healthcare is part of life, liberty and happiness. Fight!
@SenFranken is one of the only reasons I can say that I am proud to be from Minnesota. what a great senator
Lol
what makes this lol worthy?
Al Franken does. Jmo
Show me where it says that in the constitution
Woah! Thank you, @SenFranken! How about you now, @SenFeinstein ?
It's not a right,if these people thatwant to ride the system for free would get jobs, they could have healthcare.Obamacare,greatest disaster
#HowToWinElections
CHUGG-A CHUGG-A CHOO CHOO! #MedicareForAllTrain
Is it going to be a Health Care system that you guys don't exempt yourselves from?
Even as a right you have to be able to pay the premium.  $1200-1500  A MO. high deduct & copsy no good
Says the man who has NEVER held a job in his life... #scamartist
I hope this never happen it would be another govt failed program you people need to start working for country and not for your own benefit.
Shouldn't food, shelter, and clothing be a right, too then? Don't be uncaring heathens, every human deserves these things
cheers up! Senator B. Sanders!This day last year,I started learning tweet! On September 19,2016 zesty Bernie News give me a like
Finally?  The Democratic party is coming around to recognizing the wisdom and bravery of Bernie who has pushed for this ALL ALONG?
Hey Bernie are you going to drop your personal health care made just for you senators and get on Obama care first and see how bad it sucks?
Health care is a service. You can't have a right to someone else's service. That's called slavery
Because that's definitely how it works in every other 1st world county with universal healthcare.
Any were else in the world it "works" I promise you they are a freer country and more than likely depend on others for med research
#BernieFranken2020
Please both of you, why not Medicare for all with option to purchase a supplement.  It works so well and program already set to go day one
put health care back the way it was and you and the rest of the polititians can foot the bill out of your own pocket not mine
for all americans?  What about the freeloading illegals. Why are you discriminating against them?

Ah hell, $20T in debt already, let's just get it over with quickly.
Democrats lining up against personal responsibility and in favor of Big Brother.
More bumper sticker bs. Even if we had a 20 trill surplus, I still wouldn't support this hot mess.
I always felt everyone should have basic healthcare and if want more than buy a policy for yourself
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expectancy …
Like most Socialists, Bern is broke... presidential campaign currently owes $450,000 #DeadBeat
Two clowns!!
You can require Healthcare to be a "Right". And I as a free American Citizen can require that Govt stay out of My Healthcare
Enjoy that shitty ranking:"#We're number...uhh..37!https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expectancy …
So you choose socialism? Those who choose security over Freedom end up w/neither
good luck next time you or any of your loved ones have the proverbial "bun in the oven"!
It is a privilege. Taking it for granted is the problem
Is Frankenstein the nasty comedian that did not make anyone laugh?
When does it become a right to someone else's work/services/resources? What about their rights?
How do you think the entire public roads system is handled? They just have a bunch of guys out there at gunpoint laying asphalt?
Refuse to pay taxes and you will see at gunpoint.
Still ain't gonna pass. This political capitol could be better spent.
Taxation is theft
Oh, so you expect the police, military, and road crews to work for free?  Talk about theft....
We need a health care that is lower income families can afford!!
Must feel pretty insane to have to even right that second sentence.
I believe all senators steal our money
@SenDuckworth @SenStabenow @RonWyden @PattyMurray @ChrisMurphyCT you are late but not too late, get with the program!  #SinglePayer
You mean like the PRIVILEGE you have by not being on Obamacare, but are exempt instead?
That worked out for Venezuela and all the other countries that embrace socialism oh wait they went down the drain. #YoureAnOldFool
guys. I've worked 40+ years and got to the point that I couldn't afford the health care that covered nothing. Shame.
Except your beliefs don't align with reality. #Loser
Time for my senator,  @clairecmc to get on board!
.@SenSanders has done more for US w $15 min wage & #MedicareForAll than ANY OTHER politico & NEVER STOPS. @IndivisibleTeam @ResistanceParty
we need a health care that is NOT ABOUT THE MONEY then it would be for everyone
Y'all dumb

I like Medicare 4 all -but how bout + private ins supplement also -Like France? Wouldn't that be even better
You old men have lost your minds!
Losing issue! Please run on it.
GOP has sold the common man out, Single payer would save US money 1 trillion a year?
food and shelter are rights too
Just adds corruption into the system.  Go to Italy and call an ambulance.  Bring a bag a cash to the hospital as well.
Please tell me how this is paid for......
Thank you @SenFranken & @SenSanders
I'm currently between insurances & without discounts or coupons it costs $1700 at CVS for necessary OCD meds for 3 months. We need change
Didn't Obama care fix that? It's still in place
Wasn't that Hillary Clinton's idea first… When she was First Lady.
My research shows it was Truman. Not a new idea. We need whoever can get it done to do it!
Truman 
*Chills on how history bites.
How about the same health care congress has?? #hypocrites
I don't know what "we" means, but I don't have a Cadillac health care plan like congress.
This can't be as hard as the Republicans are making it
Sanders pay your bills . You can never be president when you don't pay your bills.
https://therightprint.com/check-much-bernie-sanders-owes-police-cities-across-america/ … How can he run a country when he don't pay his bills.
Looks like Frankenstein is turning from liberal to socialist. It's capitalism that allows you people to make idiots of yourselves on twitter
"Makes healthcare a right"
You said it Bernie. Healthcare is not a right, it is a privilege.
Words from the Master. #Masturbater
Al Franken is a great comedian...
And an even better senator.
We don't have robust immigration because we are socialist.
Unbelievable...it would be better for America to give out free sneakers to grade school students.
Where does it say healthcare is a right? We don't want a Socialist amending the constitution of our founding fathers with garbage. #MAGA

Make it happen.
Shall we see if Dem senators are capable of fighting for single payer or will ultimately manipulate to serve medical industrial complex!
You're right; this will be the 'session of truth', tomorrow.
Sen. Al Franken for president 2020.
If this happens we will be a better country to live in..
Demicrats are wilking ti add 18 t ti deficite over decade how nice..
Bernie, go crawl under a rock at your new home that your donors paid for. YOU ARE THE REASON WHY WE HAVE TRUMP!! ARE YOU HAPPY???
C'mon Kathy, relaaxxx.
