BREAKING: Senate Republicans unveil health care bill scuttling Obama law, cuts Medicaid, slashes taxes for wealthy.
Republicans want to throw millions of Americans off of health insurance while providing over $200 billion in tax breaks to the top 2%.
Our job now is to rally millions of Americans against this disastrous bill to make sure that it does not pass the Senate.
And we do that how...
Canada is now taking American refugees. Note: the vetting process includes proof you didn't vote for Trump. Good luck!
canada where you can be charge for not calling someone thier right gender pronoun.
Lol. Now your just making shit up.
Also, admit you and your wife are under FBI investigation, not President Trump.
His goals have always been stated. He wants a single payer universal healthcare system.
In other words, Bernie wants to take people's money and redistribute to others.  Beyond taxes to full out socialism.  No thanks.

And I disagree with everything a democratic socialist stands for.
BUT O B BILL WAS JUST GREAT YOU AS SOCIALISTJUST LOVED IT BECAUSE IT WAS FREEBIES BY WALKING ON MY BACK
...how can we the people stop them? It seems like the only way to combat this is to be wealthy???
What an stupid comment
Republican health care bill will be the second biggest lie perpetrated on the American People since the Iraq war. Disgraceful!
Which all the Democrats voted for
Why is a tax cut for the wealthy included in this egregious bill leaving millions without health insurance?  Double shame on the GOP.
It truly is a disgrace. Here is a link to the entire 140 page death order.
The GOP want to murder people. Plain and simple.
Less Democratic voters
You may be Jewish ...but you are  a more gospel based  Christian than most conservative Christians are .ur compassion is all 4 gospels
GOP talking point about "giving the power back to the states regarding healthcare" is a pile of crap. Many states proven to be totally unfit
Good comments you have!
"most harmful piece of legislation I've seen in my lifetime" so public law 503 wasn't as bad as this? Japanese American lives matter
Did you already read the bill? Lier
You asking me?
Does that include the Volstead Act? 
What is wrong with our leaders!
What's wrong  w/ us calling these fraudsters leaders in1st place and continually allowing them to act as if they are above the rule of law?
True that
What's harmful is the fact that people can't afford to go to the doctor now!
obama care is far from perfect but it's better than this travesty of a bill.
No too many people can not afford it.
no? So a bill that kicks 23 million off of health care is a better bill?
Please stop this from passing! And then fight for single payer!
Buns? Cool your jets kiddo, I pay plenty.
Whatever they pass for, "us," should apply to, "them."
You didn't see ACA before you voted for it ? $20 Trillion Debt gives the U. S. Few options. What do you propose that is affordable?
Keep fighting for us! We are behind you!!!
Bernie doesnt fight for you. He keeps you filled with hate and lies, and gets rich doing it. Maybe Bernie will let you visit his Summer home
Yeah... ok... you go with that...
Thank you
Asking people pay for their own healthcare is not "harmful."  Doubling my premiums to redistribute to your voters by force IS harmful to me.
Actually under Single payer there are no premiums
By "Single Payer" do you mean "Socialism"? If so, why would you need to obscure the real system you're trying to implement if it's so great?
Wow not the dreaded lightweight socialism that keeps our police at work, our infrastructure being maintained, ect.
youre not at root of problem
Just symptoms
it's really simple all hospitals & pharma become non-profit organizations
What is your plan to stop them? You don't have one do you?  Until you return to the democratic party you have no say in my world. #shutTFup
His entire career has been fighting for progressive causes, but you discount that because there's no "D" next to his name? How childish.
He and Rand Paul were the only two senators to vote against additional sanctions against Russia last week. Bern and Rand? His past is worse
Sanders initially voted yes on Russian sanctions. Here's proof: https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00144 …
As expected, you have no comeback or logic, only insults. Your best attack on Bernie was easily disproven. Your partisanship is childish.

No matter HOW much $ a politician puts into a campaign, they CAN'T control your vote. Anyone that does not vote is a traitor (IMO).
Introduce your single-payer bill now and go talk to Trump and show him how it keeps all his campaign promises. #AHCA breaks them.
NOTHING would be good enough for the OBSTRUCTIONIST DIMS!

The greed, hypocrisy  and lack of empathy by these so-called pro-lifers is unbelievable
Bernie Sanders - To scare people is not a solution to America's problems! If you have solutions, where are they? Democrats have no solutions
Have you read the bill?
You need to tone down your rhetoric as you voters are getting violent and attacking people...Wouldn't it be your responsibility to stop this
Bernie supporters attacking people? I think you have us confused with trump supporters.
Really ? Who shot Scalise ? Short memory ya got there. Or just oblivious
a lone nut job?
So only one violent Sanders guy but all Trump supporters are violent .. I get it
No onomatopoeia care is the worest and has ruined healthcare #healthcare
Hate that auto correct sorry
I'm proud to have been a left-leaning Centrist Democrat for my entire voting life however, times change and so have I. You got me, Bernie!
Only that Socialism have failed everywhere, did you notice that?
Bernie no one beleive a word you say anymore. You cried wolf to many times. Look at the financial state of the USA. The democrats f%$k us up
Bernie is one of the few politicians that isn't lying to us! (Referring to both parties here)
He taking u down a road that impossible to maintain.Even if you took ever cent the wealthy have.Bern would just come up will more free stuff
Bernie let's see your Wife's tax return.  How many Vacation homes?
It is sad what is happening to our country! But just like  Roman, the people will eventually take down the Empire! It has happen over & over
Yea that's why Republican keep winning all the special elections and Trumps approval rating keeps rising
This is a disappointment for the American people and the republicans don't care people values they care about money for big corporations.
And the elite Dems are no different. Until we call a snake a snake we will keep biting that same old poison apple. #ResistBullshitters
#TermLimits. I will keep saying this until I am blue in the face. People have to stop talking & help the legislation approved.@USTermLimits
Democrats did NOTHING when health insurance rates & deductibles skyrocketed & millions were forced to pay a penalty. This is why they lost!
#bots
Naw premiums were skyrocketing. This will be worse. #MedicareForAll
#bots don't need insurance
as a presidential nominee (who still whines about losing) and is still in the Senate... why don't you write one and submit it...
Death panels by the fascists in our government
Bernie how about the national debt? Ever an issue for you or just dolling out free stuff while you line your pockets?
agree
If you didn't get in the way, we would of had someone in the White House to make sure this couldn't' happen. Now,get out of the way.
Republicans are the most horrible people.
"Trump Wealthcare" has arrived.
Then why didn't you call out Hillary on her DNC corruption/hacks/emails and clinch the nomination and become President?
You are so smart. Next time Bernie should just demand the nomination. Good point.
Yes indeed. All he had to do was walk us through her crimes in their national debate, but instead, "We're all tired of your damn emails."
@Laurie_Holden  I am a democrat and my rights as a woman and being low income.trump isn't going to.throw my rights under a bus
What rights are you talking about?
We have to stop Republicans from making the U.S. a more awful, more economically unequal country.
From those to whom much is given, much is expected.
If you can't provide adequate health ins your employees need, you're not really in business, are you??
Republicans are Evil
Thank you, but I am not socialist
you are what is wrong with this Country.  You should be a socialist.  Read your History books.
Which one?
Not thrilled with it either.  The whole Obamacare should be tossed.
We Need #SinglePayerNow
You read 142 pages in an hour?  Must be a record.
The CBO read it, and determined it would take away healthcare from 23 million Americans.
That was the House Bill.  And the CBO said most of those 24 mil would be voluntary...because they can't afford their "free" health insurance
Voluntary? What exactly qualifies as voluntarily having your healthcare taken away?
And no one is taking away healthcare.  ACA was about subsidizing big insurance Cos profits.  That's why they supported it.
If someone with a pre-existing condition was able to get care under the ACA, then can't under AHCA, that's taking away healthcare.
Keep pace homey.  ACA had nothing to do with extending care.  It was 2,000 pages mandating insurance.  Piss poor insurance to boot.
You helped get us here by shitting on the ACA.
What do you consider "shitting on" the ACA? Saying we need to improve upon it?
Sadly the Rebubs goal is to repeal anything President Obama enacted their agenda is to give the wealthy a huge tax cut not working class
Republicans continue to show they represent insurance companies, not people. HR 676 the real solution, but GOP & co's. would never allow it.
You must have memory issues. You’ve forgotten Obamacare.
It's hilarious how even you Trump worshippers have no defense for this healthcare bill, so you have to constantly change the subject. Sad!
It's hilarious how you struggle reading. I said nothing about the current bill. Just mentioned Obamacare and Sander's obvious memory issues.
How about reading it before commenting?
If Democrats want to take back Congress give up your health care and join us why is it good enough for us but not good enough for you guys
maybe the point in this Bernie is so the first one will look good to all of you remember they all suck! Thank you for all you do
Drama queen.
And they thought People had problems with Obamacare @ least with the former Administration the health care paperwork wasNOT done in SECRECY
You know what worse? You and your brats smearing our candidate.
Held hostage to ideology, Republicans will try to make middle and lower income Americans have poor or no healthcare.
We know who makes the rules.  If you had broke from power, we were with you.   We would have had a fight, but not the orange man.
Wow that's a shocker that you feel that way. Who could have seen that coming? You'd think that even if it was the greatest bill ever. Ho hum
Mr Sander thank you for let us know that it's the worse legislation you ever seen but dem/repub need to grow up seat down & work together...
And how were they supposed to work together? This bill was drafted behind closed doors despite democrats
Republicans will pay a price on Election Day but dem/Repub need 2 figure out away 2 work together bc @ the end of day we up paying the price
Yes they do need to work together and many democratic senators wanted in when they were writing this bill.
just a little tire of both sides always complaining about each other & that doesn't help anybody. They good about creating tension among us
The Democrats have turned into drama queens yelling 'Fire' even when there's barely a spark. No wonder their base is freaking out!
Only in leftist BernieVille ...slowing the rate of growth of a welfare program equals a "cut"
@AP I am truly frightened #SaveMedicaid
That's so hate to believe that you actually read it. You voted for Obama care without reading it so why not give our Pres the same chance
@SenGillibrand @SenKamalaHarris @SenSchumer pls find 3 human beings on the @GOP side and stop this madness. Screw the floor-try office mtg?!
You may be correct, but no fucking way you've read it yet.  And please tell your looney fans to stop stabbing/shooting people
Too bad you stayed in the race beyond your expiration date and trashed Hillary's chances. How 'bout you just tend to your wife's legal woes?
Please continue to lead the fight. So many lives and so many people are with you sir.
Impossibru! NO WAY it can be worse than YOU expected, LOSER! LOL
Bernie the losers under ACA are the middle class self employed why don't you advocate on our behalf stop the lies about the billionaires
Really? Your whole lifetime? Death Order? You're all lunatics. The ACA was created a few years ago. Take the whole thing away, and it's fine
At what point do we seriously give up on these asshats and move north? I doubt Europe will take us. Maybe Canada won’t either. :|
Canada won't. Their immigration policy requires an ability to contribute to their economy with a skill set that is in demand.
So let everyone on your twitter feed know  the steps to take to stop it going anywhere. SHUT THEM DOWN
@SenateMajLdr What country are the Republicans from and why don't they care for the American poor, elderly and sick? And why the secrecy?
Vote Republican , kill a child .
Repeal Obamacare and no new program.  Get the govt outta healthcare.  You politicians ruin everything you touch.
Drag em
You. Are. Such. A. Liar. Have you even read it yet?
Perfect, all abled bodied people need to get off the governments tit!
Way to be specific, just keep obstructing like @TheDemocrats always do.... lose another 1,000 seats! I'm cool with that.
don't let them take Medicaid away,we will die
You already had this tweet pre-prepped.  Dems have no intention of providing a true analysis of the bill, just bashing it.
I think I speak for everyone when I say Fuck Paul Ryan.
Damn global warming is at it again.
Impossible bc nothing is more destructive than liberalism.  It's even more destructive than a nuclear bomb.
Folks why can't they take the current health care, call it #AmeriCARES & Fix it so that no one's slice of pie is too big,small or expensive?
No-one reads that fast, old guy.
I'm beginning to "feel the Bern!" Sadly we have a POTUS that lies, deceives and harms .He dreams of an all rich, male society. I'm in Bern
Stop looking at TRUMP.  Start looking at KILLARY and OVOMIT.
Why don't you pay your interns a livable wage?
The only harm to come from this bill should be to the political careers of the Senators who vote for it.
I know. We outdid ourselves.
How did this #happen? How could #poor people put #Trump in the #WH? Allow #this #man to #control #life/#death? What were #people #thinking??
You are #promarijuana @SenSanders #jewishdrugpusher
How's your mansions holding up?
Shut up liar
BAHAAAAAA!   Speed reading at its  finest!
Watching McConnell trying to sell it made it easy to scream, "Bullshit!"
The GOP is essentially using a flamethrower to remove a tumor. Bad disease, wrong solution
You should help the poor with your book proceeds!
Maybe @SenSanders shouldn't have trashed Obamacare so badly in 2016 & should stop trying to burn down the DNC.
@All100Senators thanks for the endorsement! I was feeling a little shaky about it until you came out against it.
And what part of the bill did you take part in designing? YOU REFUSED TO TAKE PART!
You're the most harmful piece of congress I've seen in my lifetime.
Thank you for all you do.
So you mean no penalty for not having insurance? Well if you get rid of preventive screenings why have it? I'm going to pay for it anyway.
So get in front of every damned camera on the planet and scream it. We need Dems to start yelling "Death panels!"
What a fucking shock.....
No, Bern, that was Obamacare.
So Bernie what's ur plan? Socialized medicine is off the table ...so what's ur plan... chirp chirp I only hear crickets!

Bernie, Chief Clown of Capitol Hill, is a dork!!!!!!!!!
Thats what I told My senator,Worse #Healthcare plan I seen in my Lifetime!! WE R going Backwards!! #Singlepayer
Bernie! You must be blind if haven't seen OBAMACARE.
WHY DIDN'T YOU READ THE ACA BEFORE YOU VOTED FOR IT. WHY R YOU READ THIS 1?
If you think Obamacare has done anything but force people to buy lousy insurance you need to go back to laying by the pool.
Amazing how Dems went from complaining about not having seen a bill to having read and digested complex legislation in mere minutes.
Tweeted four minutes after release. You're the world's fastest speed reader!
It's hard to believe, the US health system. You should scrap your system and look at others successful health systems in the world.
You didn't read it. You prepared a response beforehand.  You are disingenuous
Going to pay for insurance and going to be a self pay patient if preventive screenings are not covered. Got me both ways.
@AP if this doesn't get Americans off their ass nothing will.
You should be forced to have the same plan we Americans have.
Wow. You must read so fast. Let me guess, Evelyn Wood?
With all due respect sir, that would be Obamacare.  It is killing me financially.  Out of pocket ealthcare costs have skyrocketed for me.
Lobbyist oh the swamp help draft it no cost containment
Problem is nobody believes y'all anymore. You have no message but hate, lies & obstruction! American people don't want that. Simple truth!
Is it time for pitchforks and torches yet?! #pleasesayyes
Really?Closing State Psychiatric Hospitals & Throwing People w/BrainDisease Out On the Street In the Name of Civil Rights Is Worst I've Seen
@brenaeclairese Girl this mess 
It's not a healthcare bill. It's a robbery. And it is violence and misery inflicted on millions of Americans to pay oligarchs a tiny bonus.
You need to run again in 2020.
Drama queen
Ah, Bernie. Why didn't you urge your supporters/fans/sycophants to vote for HRC?
Revisionist memory u got there. He did urge his supporters 2 vote HRC bout 80%+ listened also #BernieWouldHaveWon
Post 3 reliable sources where Sanders urged this. Not "Trump can't win." But "Vote for Hillary because .. anything but "Trump can't win."
Vote Hillary because she bought me a mansion and a Maserati?

Republican Death Panels are the hottest ticket in Rome
Under ACA life span decreased, did you know that?
Correlation does not equal causation
But I'm sure it will for Trump though right ?
Meaning it will get unanimous GOP support and get signed into law before July 4.
It'll only get worse as the US descends into corporate neofascism.
Legislation is a pot luck. Everyone brings their best and tries what others bring. A good bill has the best of all, discards the rest.
Opting for one person to bring the best dish won't work. A partisan victory is a defeat for the people being served. We end up eating 1 dish
Vain glory is bad law. We ought to work together to create a banquet. Ppl way to occupied in besting the opposition leaving us hungry.
Sir, GOP been waiting to have a POTUS which not only exercise DICTATORSHIP but encourages GOP do the same, H.C. BILL  proves just that.
You're a fucking communist. Anything that isn't single payer is bad for you
Someone needs to find the footage from his campaign the has him promising not to touch Medicaid. He is a liar and soon to be a murderer.
It would be less harmful if they just sprayed the nation with feces and DDT.
Maybe as the wealth trickles down very slowly to the upper middle class they can afford health insurance
No ACA is worst plan ever the 30 hr work week rule cost people their jobs
You are broke
Go get them Bernie.x
They will never get it, because they don't get it.  Their hearts just aren't in the right place.
More damaging than the original ACA lake house sellout wife under investigation fraud guy?
Lol
Have they NO SHAME?
The economic war on Americans is working toward it's final stage. They know they cannot give up power. They are delivering a killing blow
How exactly are we "the masses"supposed to do anything about any legislation passed? Politicians don't listen to the public!
...or this
I tried to read it but so much mumbo jumbo legal smegal, I can't understand it. So in laymen terms, what does it mean?
Encouraging EVERYONE to call their senators. Or text "RESIST" to 504-09 and it will automatically send a fax to your senators. Important!
Yeah, thanks again #AssHole .  Now, could you maybe disappear into one of your 4 homes until the End?  Thanks 
cool what are you going to do about it
Need more facts though. Please provide full comparison.
Get rid of all health care for government employees & congressman as well as a full repeal of Obamacare. Get government out of Health Care!
What can we do - can't the dnc make some noise? Help us out here please!!!
u say that abt everything u don't like - what a fraud you r Bernie
A country is judged by the way it treats its poor.
Maybe,but after a time it will pass.No one cares about health care or people. This is about what individual Senators can get for themselves.
You read fast. Nice!
I am not a fan of Repeal and Replace. Why not go for Repair and Rebrand? Then they don't have to make a new system.
Bullshit Bernie
