About 44% of the population in Puerto Rico is without drinking water, according to the Department of Defense. 
It's 90 degrees today.
what are you doing? 
hope it is not your on-going sabotage of the Dem party
Seriously? Humanitarian crisis is Bernie's big way 2 sabatoge the #DNC hate 2 tell u this but #DWS, #HRC et al did that all by themselves.
Sorry I wasn't clear...I was making two different points
1. What is he actually doing in the Senate for the islands
2. He divides the party
Bernie is the only one who can save the party.  He's more popular thsn any Dem or pub
what happened to rudimentary logic
he is not a member of the party nor does he financially support it
"more popular" is a guess w/no context
U do realize u need independent voters, right? U sound just like 45. Ur just alienating independents & making us not want to vote 4 dems.
then don't but don't steal party name and resources in the process; check your assumptions before acting on them and act with integrity
Integrity?  Like how ur DNC limited debates or sabotaged Bernie. Bernie drew the biggest crowds. I went to 2 diff locations to see him 1/2
As I have said to everyone that is tweeting - STOP TWEETING AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT- THIS IS WHEN WE NEED A REVOLUTION- DO SOMETHING
What do you suggest????????
1of3
PuertoRican born&raised
Col. Michael Valle
Responsible for Hurricane Maria Relief
Problem nothing 2 do with U.S. military, FEMA, or DoD
Shame that your President is more obsessively worried about people kneeling or standing, as opposed to this crisis.
Exactly WHAT do you know for absolute truth....oh yeah, MSM.
MSM??
Ummmm ?
Can't someone somehow intervene? I mean... you have a President that's not instantly sending out whatever they need to save their lives..
Maybe #Russia will bail them out. *shrug* @realDonaldTrump ur the worst #WhiteSupremacists u need to pack ur bags & #GetOutOfOurWhiteHouse
The worst thing is... if it wouldve been slaves, they wouldve saved them for loss of capital.
But if Trump waits a few more days he'll get better ratings. Hard to compete with healthcare failure and kneelgate!
He doesn't like black/ brown ppl. Obviously. Texas & Florida r red states w #WhiteSupremacists. "Real fine ppl"
@realDonaldTrump #Traitor
How much longer do we have to endure this pathologically narcissistic scumbag of a president.  Puerto Ricans, Americans are dying.
don't worry, be happy. he's going there NEXT TUESDAY right after his golf weekend
funny, not funny.
*rolls eyes* :p
I served in the 82nd Airborne,  I never thought I would be this embarrassed to admit that I'm American
How can we help!
We are/have been. Please ask your following to help with donations to reputable charities. Not foundations who siphon off most of the money
nice !!!!
why is the navy and army core of engineers being used to deliver everything they need.
that should say not being used to get support, but i did see where they are now delivering supplies. But why would it take a mo.
Trump does not care about those ppl on the islands they are the wrong color
President Trump is on top of this tragedy.  What have you done?
Don't want to nit pick...but does Flint have all their water issues fixed?? Both need to be done
We must act immediately to end the crisis of having a socialist scum bag in the senate.
Help @Lifestraw efforts to distribute these #waterfilters Stop the delays and keep ports open and running! 10 day waiver is not long enough!
Someone help the President read a map.
Can't he send the Navy. Hire cruise ships. @realDonaldTrump HELP Puerto Rico now.
3of3
Go down and help them. Oh that's right you'd have to work
@DavidBegnaud Is your problem heck young Obama Hussein played on your intelligence @Hillary.
@DavidBegnaud Your time have passed @communism have no place in US.
2of3
Supplies&Trucks PR has
Lack of Truck Drivers
Drivers can't get to trucks because
Roads 2 trucks are out so supplies can't be delivered
bernie we OBVIOUSLY have to stop those gosh darn kneelers first!!
Maybe if NFL players take a knee on Luquillo Beach, POTUS will give it the attention it deserves.  Oh wait, they don't have wifi, never mind
Lol! More crybaby liberal talking points! That's really all you got?
Is President Trump doing enough to address the crisis in Puerto Rico?
NO!!!
STOP BUILDING A WALL and REBUILD PR!!
They stupid ass president too worried about black people kneeling, when it's not even about the anthem even though it was wrote by a racist.
Why won't Trump send more help? Racist? No heart? Jones Act.  There are other Countries willing to help.
you're the senator...DO SOMETHING!!!
So sad...and @realDonaldTrump  is more concerned with taking a knee, bragging, and tax cuts for the wealthy.  SMH
@SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr where are you? What are you doing? You are complicit in creating a humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico. Be human.
Trump the Monster is not allowing Congress/Senate to visit Puerto Rico or Virgin Islands. Governors and mayors are too polite/afraid to say
There are people all around the world suffering like that and worst.
oh Lol
Senator, can you work with @SenJohnMcCain to pass a bill against the Jones act? #PuertoRiconeedsyou
In 1930s USNavy INVENTED REVERSE OSMOSIS h2o filtration--NOT feasible to store TONS of h2o on ship--"drinking h2o shortages" ALL LIES.
YOU KNOW THIS BERN--why do you LIE?  Get these damn filtration systems over there F-ING NOW!!!!!!!  ENOUGH w/your communist propaganda!
YOU ARE ALL BAD--like 1930s Jews WE'VE BEEN WARNED.  Will anybody listen? btw...communist are SATANISTS hiding as "atheists." LOOK IT UP!
How?
Maybe if Puerto Ricans play the anthem and take a knee they'd get attention from the president...
Tired of Senators saying we must act - ACT - THEN TELL US WHAT YOU'VE DONE!
And all the so-called prez is doing is crowing about how much PR loves him for all of the aid and assistance that he's sent. –Only about him
No idea how the air is...but THEY ABSOLUTELY MUST HAVE WATER  no animal can go long without it...& the suffering is horrible
a well driller could fix them up in a days work, army corps of engineers doesn't know how to drill a well? Can they tie shoes?
Puerto Rico has flirted with socialism for decades and are totally unprepared for anything! Very sad.
Get on a plane with a ton of food/clothing and take a camera crew sir, show the world how presidential you are! #Sanders2020
Relief ships haven't even left the docka be another week before relief effects start. Many unnecessary death & serious malaises will occur.
It's going 24/7. What more would you do?
How do I help, Bernie?
Here's a way. I don't think Bernie will reply with details.
Yea well what about Flint?

Temporarily, or better yet permanently, get rid of Jones Act. US Virgin Is is exempt. No good reason except US shipping industry gets $$$!
@SenSanders Get Donald off his one knee and give him a slap. People are dying. He's too busy stirring up fascists to notice.

Opportunity 4 new infrastructure of clean, sustainable energy: SOLAR & WIND POWER + education on serious problem of human overpopulation.
Well, how long did it take u to waive the Jones act so ships can get into the destroyed port?  Oh wait, ur out campaigning or sumpin right?
And what exactly are you doing besides tweeting? Proposing legislation? Putting forth aud on the floor?
So many are searching for loved ones in Toa Alta. Can you tweet names of those you meet? Looking for Diana Cordero and her 4 year old son
I am glad you are ok. I am appalled that we cannot seem to do anything to help...best wishes, and thank you for answering
Remember during the campaign when he rushed to hand out free trump bottle water
Please help!!!! US must waive shipping restrictions to PR and they need more assistance NOW
The Clinton Foundation can rescue Puerto Rico like it did in Haiti
White House "we're doing a fantastic job, people have never been happier
Send your cronies down to rebuild the PR electric grid with renewable green energy to give them electricity and fight off climate change.
America help Puerto Rico .
Let's not create a panic. Yes help is there. More is coming. It was a bad hurricane. Don't politicize...3 hurricanes...resources stretched
You have millions don't you????
You have millions don't you?
@DavidBegnaud Agree!
Yes we do need to get help to Puerto Rico and its needs to be done today actually needs to be done 3 days ago
@washingtonpost reported today that responders showed up with NO SUPPLIES!!!
Is Trump trying to wipe these people out?
DOD means they have set up Water Stations. You have to go to the WS by foot. Not much gas yet.
Bernie help needed desperately. Pres not concerned 
Speak up already!
Please, my elderly parents (97 & 92) are home bound and won't survive another month under these conditions
There are more important things in life: e.g. which NFL teams need to fire top players with too much knee
http://Agreed.You 're in a position to do way more than I can. What have you done since sending this tweet, @SenSanders ?
Our response to the crisis in Puerto Rico, or lack thereof, will set the precedent for future climate disasters.
Actually, the current President of the United States says we have to stay put till next week. He seems to think that the fed gov s 1man show
What a monster this thug in WH is!
Suspend the Jones Act.  Enough talk already. Allow foreign aid to dock in P.R.
Then cut the bull  and get it done!!! Puerto Rico is suffering!
@WiseWarrior69 
That IDIOT in our house is letting Americans die plain n simple he is not capable to do the job NOW do something
Humans can go 3 minutes without air, 3 days without water, 3 weeks without food.
Let's be clear: The conditions in Puerto Rico offer bacteria and viruses perfect storm circumstances to mutate and evolve into something...
that can infect everyone of us. We help Puerto, we help ourselves.
Please join me in aiming our tweets directly at @realDonaldTrump THIS IS A DISASTER. I'm embarrassed and ashamed again(Katrina) DO SOMETHING
Propose some kind of emergency aid bill!
Acting immediately could be gov'ts new job..pfff
This is beyond sadness I can comprehend.
The Department of Defense takes a survey but provides no help?!?!
PLEASE Sen. Sanders do what you can to send our Naval help and planes there...mass evacuations and supplies for those who remain NOW
Can we re-do the election and make my boy Bernie the king (forget POTUS) of the US? 
Where is Trump almost two weeks after? It's because there are people of color involved
You mean like Trump did on Tuesday when he increased the level of federal aid to Puerto Rico?
Well, You are in Congress Bern! Do something!
Planes can't fly in but ships can sail cargo and necessities in and get them to where they need to go.  Or AIRLIFT SUPPLIES!
I've heard figures even higher than that. The President needs to step up and lead immediately.
Donate then u bum. I bet you didnt.
Lift restrictions! Wave the jones act!
It so bad Bernie we need to get as many off island as possible. If trump did not poop on Cuba day 1 they could help with that
Thank you for dedicating your life to the benefit of the people
COS 4 star Kelly could figure out how to invade an island like PR but somehow can't figure out how to give it aid. I wonder why?
I so agree. I send a lot of time in Puerto Rico. Got back to the states 3 days before hurricane.  The people have great spirit but help need
Cholera and typhoid from contaminated water is almost inevitable.
I get the feeling that at some point Trump got his ass kicked by some boricua and now he's exacting his revenge...
Its racist cruelty. Every day I don't think I can get any more horrified. Then this  #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
My BFF has been stranded there since it hit. Finally talked to him 2 days ago and the stories he's told me are too terrible to repeat.
Heartbreaking. I agree w those who said #RacistTrump didnt know PR are Americans. Neither does his base
Mr. Sanders this horror has been going on for more than a week I am glad you finally popped to.
Why isn't the Military using their aircraft carriers to span that "very large ocean" 2hrs off America's coast, Where's our great Military ?
If only the WH occupant would care about people as much as he cares about his ego, we would get them the help they need.
Okay good tweet Bernie
How about taking care of our country first for a change....
Tell trump there are rich white people there on vacation. He will act now.
Tell trump there are "great deals" on water front property. He will go there himself  #TheResistance
What are you going to do to go around our idiot president?
What about #FlintWaterCrisis ?
Sir, the US seems to be facing its first mass climate change induced human migration, under a climate change denying White House. Sad irony
Come on now lets be honest here... those who have the power do not give a flying fig as long as it's not them!..
But trump says they are doing a great job!
WHY hasn't the Army COE been deployed there?! S/B done ASAP! They have HUGE aircraft to fly supplies there in hours not days!
http://Www.prohuman.co 
As FEMA,doctors & nurses sit waiting for their orders people are stranded & dying!
If Trump wants to make America great he could start by getting all it's citizens clean drinking water.
Senator Sanders please help expedite the naval hospital USNS Comfort to Puerto Rico now! Save hundreds of lives.
US Military takeover is urgently needed for Puerto Rico recovery. Logistic, fuel distribution and order is key.
Puerto Ricans Call for Aid Amidst Catastrophe: "We're American Citizens. We Can't Be Left to Die" https://www.democracynow.org/2017/9/26/puerto_ricans_call_for_aid_amid … … …
Need to take care of your colonies US. Should of tagged a  attachment to the war chest bill yee approved. No problem finding there.
Can we get something back from the $700,000,000,000 we just gave "Rocket Man" to continue creating humanitarian crises all over the world?

The situation is critical. No water power and limited communication. We are American citizens. We need assistance. #SOSPuertoRico
Please help by donating yourself. Nothing holds you back from this! We await your contribution! Thank you!

Can anyone explain to me why this man is not the current president of the USA!?
Hahaha not going to happen. I mean, have you looked at flint?
What are you going to do @SenSanders to help? It has to happen quickly andnot be something that Potus puts red tape on.


Bernie Plunders sounding the call to action! Quick! Roll cameras! Crisis on the set! Action!
If only we knew a country that had a big navy that could go help out.
Our president is too worried about the nfl to intervene tho. Bern can u slide cause I can’t deal with the dipshit as our pres
#SavePuertoRicoNow
Maybe all those on their knees just now can get off them and offer help in Texas, Florida, Mexico & Puerto Rico
#PuertoRico #VirginIslands #Insist
JUST IN: Trump admin refuses to lift shipping restrictions to help get supplies to Puerto Rico http://hill.cm/XS2eEQ0  
You’re in the Senate dude.
So what the hell is being done? I’ve been writing everyone I can think of for days. No response. 

****What can be done to enable help?****
SOS. They need help now.
Congress should repeal the Jones Act to let more ships go to Puerto Rico to help.
Yeah, but what about the NFL, hunh? Geez, where are your priorities....
Get on it, Senator
Did I see a picture of you rubbing some lady's ass?
Beta-male had a surge. 
Let's get food and water there asap....

Not yours to worry about Bernie. Again your not president pick one thg go after it  I guarantee u won't get it done your abilities r few
Perhaps some constructive suggestion might be in order @SenSanders? We are all aware things need to be done. Since you're in the loop? Whar?
Bernie, that some extra water when you go down there.
Please use all of your influence to help PR. TY again
At 1st I thought this was gonna be about Moore's win :(
Is there anyway we can get the president to respond as swiftly as his requests for security at trump tower in NYC? Many #NYPD w/family in PR
Meanwhile in Cuba, life is returning tp normal. Damn socialists!
@realDonaldTrump is acting. Is there more you should be doing?
I heard they are lacking good military leadership to get things moving. It really is a crisis - 6 days and still waiting...
Ok, what, exactly are YOU doing?
Then sell one of your houses and send them some!
In Kenya the number is bigger
I think hillary called trump to tell him where it is. Should be ok now.
Also I think Flint could use some water too (since we might as well just make a list at this point) america officially great again (sarcasm)
Well we’ll need that 280 character limit if we’re to put a list of towns and cities with undrinkable water in the USA
We should have a major rescue effort for Puerto Rico backed up by all branches of the Armed Services! No hospitals? Evac them out!
Spoken like a leader should.
Are you catching a plane tonight  to help out -B
He wouldn't be caught dead doing anything but trying to be the center of attention and trolling for 2020 votes.
I cannot believe we are having to tweet help for PR people. Tragic. #trumpskatrina
Wait a minute, isn’t water a right! I’m sure you guys wrote a law somewhere!? How could this be, it’s on paper?!
It should be 100%. The Army is cleaning the water (reverse osmosis). Military police are out numbered by evil. Praying for all relief aid
Hey you millionaire socialist, if it's so important to you why don't you go over there and spread your wealth to help!
