because healthcare not a right. read the constitution. No one should be force under threat of fine or tax, to purchase a good or service
Yet you are ok with being forced to buy car insurance....
You are only forced to buy auto insurance if you make the "choice" to drive and use the roads
Regardless, you pay for the roads with taxes.
Mostly gas taxes. If u don't drive, u don't pay gas tax
Not accurate.
General taxes paid by taxpayers cover nearly as much of cost of building/maintaining highways as gas tax and other fees paid by drivers.
Imposed by driving.  I.e. Registration, insurance, gas, and yes,out of pocket but bulk is vehicle centric. Meaning don't drive, pay way less
i think it's pretty immoral to let people die
Might want to check your stats Champ. US spends most on each patient for lowest comparable results.
Higher spending (because it's about profit, not people) higher mortality, lower overall health, less access to services.. goes on.
But you're wrong. And the rest of the world, when it comes to healthcare shows you that. Cuba?
Go try out the health care in a poor country like Nepal. I'm sure you will enjoy it!
US ranks highest in infant mortality rates among developed countries.
Maybe because we vacuum them out of the mother and blend them up on the taxpayer's dime.
Sure sweetie (head pat) 
Go play now...
Play? I'm at work on a break and seeing more people feel entitled to other people's services but as you don't have a real retort...
This is what capitalism will give you
Nor should they have 2 protest at their elected representatives offices 2prevent them from turning healthcare in2 tax cuts 4 the filthy-rich
Excuse me? Bernie is all about the #MedicareForAll.
Right Bern. Why, even our public servants in Congress--who call themselves socialists--have 3 homes and an Audi R-8.
All the while under FBI investigation 
Bernie isn't on FBI investigation, only his wife. Check your sources @ShariOdell ...
They both are for the same bank loan. Check yours.
The investigation is a smear go look it up
SHOCKER: Source of BS charges against @BernieSanders @janeosanders admit it was hearsay http://wjla.com/news/nation-world/source-of-allegation-vs-bernie-sanders-wife-admits-info-was-hearsay …
Need to quit paying retired congressmen/women 100k+, while no longer in office! They are part of the elite looking out for themselves!!
Bernie has never held a job outside of government , he's part of that elite .
youre using an equivocation at its finest. look it up. just a fair warning to the likers of this tweet (@Kodie2038Donna ) that its not valid
We'd rather fight for it.
If everyone in the US has the same coverage as those in the Congress would that not make it one very large market. Numbers!
...Or education, or clean water, or food grown without carcinogens, or family leave, or reproductive rights, or safe neighborhoods, or....
Isn't that how the GOP wants us--powerless and beholding?  Much easier to control us that way.
Coming from a guy who is under investigation for fraud...
Least secular countries (Sweden Denmark) most happy, least crime, best healthcare.  Most Religious countries (USA, Turkey) get the picture?
shouldn't have to have our government support us from cradle to grave either yet politicians like you constantly push for it. INDEPENDENCE!
It's not a right, Bernie. If the US collapsed today, no magical healthcare fairy would provide it for everyone.
If the US collapsed today, you think hospitals and insurance companies currently would take care of you?? 
No one is begging. 

And healthcare is not a right. 

Typical leftist trick of conflating unrelated ideas.
But yet here we are.
Wealth doesn't equal universal healthcare
but you're right, money doesn't equal universal hc, ethical treatment of other human beings does.
It's problematic to assume that HC is a universal right of man. Giving ppl horrible HC options isn't ethical treatment.
Privatizing the industry would do much better job extending the privilege of HC to every person in USA
No but they should be able to pay for it. I'm tired of paying for it
Every American has a right to OBTAIN healthcare. No right exists for FREE healthcare.
Actually we're broke
Protest voting allows a Donald Trump to destroy our country. Not acceptable. Get Dem candidate elected and make changes from the inside.
Report: CNN Has Transcripts of Treasonous Calls Between Trump Campaign & Russia
So why does the U.S. still rate 'freedom' above universal healthcare? Utterly mindboggling to an outsider
So you'd rather have universal healthcare than freedom?
Wrong:there's been a fair amount of socialism to keep capitalism going.If u bail out banks & guarantee bad loans,that's socialism 4 the rich
We are $20 trillion dollars in debt
O michael
You gotta just try to listen to a conservative view. Just for a different perspective. I've listened to both and chose. If you listen to
Shouldn't have to beg for living wages either .....
Get with your peers and propose legislation that will fix Obamacare or add a single payer option. Talk is easy. Action is needed
20,000,000,000,000 dollars in debt . Can't afford anymore Freebie.
Yep but the only problem is our president has one thing in mind. How can he make himself wealthier at the expense of the American people.
Let's ignore that every time he stays at his own hotels the secret service has to go and our taxes pay for them at his hotels to stay.
I was arrested today standing up for health care coverage for millions of Americans. #SitInSaveLives #StopTrumpCare http://electcrowe.com 
That's the only reason?
Wealthiest???? I thought we were trillions in debt????
The left hasn't discovered the expense side of a ledger yet
Please point out in the constitution the part that says, healthcare is a right.
All the FREE MEDICAID & COLLEGE TUITION HANDED OUT TO ILLEGALS OFF THE TAXPAYERS BACKS could TAKE CARE of our LEGAL CITIZENS for life!
You're wrong if a person violates their health why should taxpayers pay for them when we have to pay for our own heAlth care.
And frankly, I think 50 golf trips in 6 months is too much, how do I stop my tax dollars from going there?
I thought 600 million for a failed ACA website that Michelle's friend screwed up was too much.. Our tax dollars went there too?
Wait! Is this a conspiracy theory? R u responding to another thread? What's going on? Speak English, man!
One trick pony to the end.
Electoral Coll demand add/full dental coverage to #ACA, your boy dt,is a business man,expects you to come hard;clean water would be cool too
Ya they should be able to afford it themselves and not rely on the government to provide it
You do realize that right now you are being screwed left and right by pharmaceutical companies! Your thinking is backward
I'm Gucci but thanks
Do you realize that your income is being destroyed by whatever priv healthcare you have? And if you don't have any, it will be when/if sick
I actually have great health insurance that is affordable. Anymore insults you want to throw my way defending your boo Bernie
Don't care about Bernie right now, just can't let pass by comments that don't make sense. Your healthcare could be even more affordable.
What if you could save money?
Sure but unrealistic.
Please run for @POTUS again.
Nope
He'll be lucky to make it 4 more years
Jimmy Carter is still building houses for the poor @ 90 years old.  Bernie can make it.
He could donate one or two of his THREE houses, for starters
Yep! It would be great to see the Democrats come up with an actual alternative on fixing #Obamacare instead of just being against #TrumpCare
Too bad the GOP won't even let them weigh in on #Trumpcare, 'member? Closed door senate talks shut out even women, let alone the Dems.
that's an excuse for the Democrats - they could offer an alternative or ways to fix Obamacare. But instead they are ignoring bipartisanship
What bipartisanship? Lmfao.
Saying they should be taking the high road and pushing for bipartisanship. Instead they're just doing the same as GOP
We need every state to get involved. Is there organizations in each state to call  to find out what to do?
Everyone has the right to health care!  What?  If you pay for it, it's yours.  That's like saying people have no right to food.  Buy it!
Really dumb comment. The right to purchase healthcare or food is not the same as the right to healthcare or food.
They have access... they don't have the right to other people's labor or property (money) why is that so hard to grasp!? #NoBrainsNoHeadache
Who are these 'other people' &why do they have the right to hoard wealth they don't need while others suffer needlessly?Are we wild animals?
"Other People" = Anyone... how is it greedy to keep what you earned but not greedy to gut someone's bank account for your failed agenda!?
U r conditioned to think that,the way things normally r is somehow gud & u change it at ur peril. The system we hav now is not fit 4 purpose
The way things are isn't good... but putting the government in charge is the opposite of a solution... regulation created this monster
The govt is in charge of many things; don't steal cos you'd b prosecuted, build & maintain roads etc etc.They do that without forcing anyone
Try not paying your taxes and tell me they're not forcing you... the government plays a role, should be EXPONENTIALLY smaller... not bigger
If the govt come after you for not paying your tax, they'll simply be aplying the law of the land, not forcing you.Am Sure u obey the law?
Then don't make doctors pay $200,000+ for 10+ years of school and then (basically) make them work for free !!! lololol silly Bernie.
That's not how it wor-.. nvr mind
Hmm it actually is seeing as though my dad is a doctor and it happens to him  tis why a majority of doctors DONT accept obamacare
Does your dad not receive any money from Medicare or Medicaid patients, because that is a lot closer to single payer than Obamacare
Preach
Bernie: AMERICAN HC needs the family to decide not courts
But we are
We are #1 in spending and #50 in quality of health care.
But its citizens are no longer the wealthiest in the world, thanks to politicians. You can't effectively oppose the perps from beside them.
We have always had a right. We had it before Obama Care. We purchased it!!
Bless you Sen Sanders.
Well how would those CEOs live without their 5th or 6th boat. I mean. Come on now. They need one for every month of summer.
...the wealthiest country that has soooo many poor people ...something isn't right...
They have a right to seek health care. They don't have a right to force their friends and neighbors to pay for it.
Go Bernie.
How about work
Health insurance IS NOT Health Care. The Insurance industry takes our money then controls your medical decisions. Wake Up People!
What "right"? I don't see that written in the Constitution.
RIGHT  &   TRUE
Well said
Does this mean you will SELL 2of3 lake houses & give that$$$$ to Treasury? If not, be quite! Makes you a HYPOCRITE #BankFraudBernie
We're serfs to the super rich. I suppose we're lucky to get anything.
But Bernie, your colleague Cornyn says 22 mil people might 'choose' not to buy health insurance. That's freedom & stuff! #MedicareForAll
Why do I pay 10x times the cost for prescription drugs and you have done nothing to work with drug companies? Enjoy the lakehouse..
@SenSanders you call being $20 TRILLION in debt wealthy???
Someone help me convince some of these people that
Ok #canadians #Finland  and others - Pansylee seems to think a univ single payer HC system sucks. Care to chime in? @DemSocialists @Canada https://twitter.com/poeticpastries/status/883066190272356352 …
The wealthy ones don't.
It is also true that we all have to take responsibility for good health habits and shouldn't force others to pay for our bad habits.
Right on Buddy
U should know Bernie! Obama/HRC gave you plenty taxpayers for your Vermont home & new   Mrs B knows how 2 scam . Run 4 Pres lucrative 4 U
Like you beg for votes you socialist fraud?
Not so wealthy in the brain bank nowadays...
and they send money to countries that provide free healthcare i just love this country they are so generous...
USA is home to some of the wealthiest 1% era. The Govt. is owned by them, so is healthcare. The only US goal is more money for them. Public
And the irony Bernie? That is the exact reason why people have to beg... the wealth drives the industry. @Dowhowz
I'm not wealthy. Just working middle class that is sliding downward. The wealthy like Trump don't worry about such things like we do.
"should not",  agreed but as you have taught us, the super rich control our government, #draftbernie may be our only and last hope
So true
I put my shorts on backwards
Where is the sanders plan to fix ACA? Where is the Sanders initiative to collaborate on AHCA? Just bloviating.
Amen!
KEEP BRINGING UP MEDICARE FOR ALL - IT'S THE ONLY WAY OUT OF THIS MESS.

People should not be forced to purchase health care by their government if they choose not to.
Unfortunately, "wealthiest country" does not equate to "wealthiest people."
Not begging anymore. de-fucking-manding.
I agree . This is the richest country in the world and yet, people's ability to get medical aid depends entirely on their ability to pay.
Why are you not on Obamacare Bernie?
Why don't you tell us how great Venezuela is?
#CommunistsNeverSleep
Ugh!!!
Healthcare is not a right.
I agree Mr. Sanders. Healthcare should be a privilege offered to every citizen. We will all get sick at some point! He will too!

Suggest u come up with a system to prevent various scammers from the system.  Might make a financial difference for better coverage.
Amen!
Love you Bernie! Take good care of yourself for the 2020 round. #FeelTheBern
The Republicans are trying to make the US into a one party, totalitarian state. Democrats, please fight back.
France is one of the wealthiest and french still have to fight to keep it !
Don't have to beg, just pay your share  #capitalism
Then do something about the outrageous costs.....
are beg for food. 
We should not be paying for insurance at all its the greatest rip off in creation I wonder what the kick backs to government members are.
But insurance is ripping well. Poor value for money.
I can think of many Country is wealthier than the US in history fake facts. Rome, Persia and on and on.
I'm in Colombia right now and my $300 medicine from USA is over the counter here and costs $4. Go figure...
Bernie, we may also be the greatest deter nation in the history of the world   #20TrillionNationalDebt  #BalanceTheBudget
So true!!
Thank you for all your hard work for Americans.
Lol who who.... Actually we are rich gold is found 97% in our hands lol
and people should not be fined if they don't want to buy health care
My vote goes to the person who gives the middle class a tax cut #cutmytaxes
And by "our people" you mean the Jews or......?
Nobody has to beg for health CARE.  That's what socialized medicine causes (ask Charlie Gard).
We have free healthcare, it's called Charity Hospitals. They are state run. That's the healthcare you are referring to?
1/2 You're right, with every opportunity to progress, and earn some benefits, there's no reallll excuse for whining about lack of coverage.
2/2 On the other hand, let's remove personal incentives to achieve something, and guarantee ALL the "right" to comfort from cradle to grave.
2.1/2.1 Well...you admit that you were a mediocre student at U of C and Brooklyn C...too bad you didn't attend that Econ 101 class....
It's not a right.
But I should not be held a gun point to pay for it.
Bernie, what health care are you covered by and who pays for it? The taxpayer!
Not. A. Right.
Let's everyone be responsible for themselves. Do not ask what your country can do for you, but ask what you can do for your country
More data, less opinion?
Yeah Bernie- so what steps are you suggesting we take? Big ideas take unity & a systematic pathway- not slogans
It's not a secret, his suggestion is to raise taxes.
Part of the reason we are the wealthiest is because we are greedy. Maybe we need to start going broke.
This is so true. Crying shame if you as me. What's it called when the gov't takes everything from you?Oh yeah, I remember Fascist Communism
The Democrats make it a point NOT to work with the Republicans, to help formulate something better. Your criticism is about yourself.
And the most in debt Bernie
Shame on you. No one has the right to another citizens labor no matter what you choose to pay them - that's called slavery.
#UHC tells doctors, "You will serve me whenever I want and no matter what you are paid. If you refuse, cops with a gun will force you"
I hear you got an extra few mil spread it around
#wealthbuiltonbackofslaves
Nobody is begging for Healthcare. Nobody is being mandated either you crazy old coot.
Well they wanted to beg for their #healthcare, when they voted for #DonaldTrump!
. Health Care is not a right

Thank me very much
Especially when all politicians & their buddies are getting richer by the day on our tax dollars and we struggle to purchase any healthcare!
Every tax dollar earned today, 40 cents goes directly to interest on the national debt.  Can't guarantee SS, Medicare or HC, where's the $$?
I agree.
What you're saying is sounding a little hollow! You rattle the cage well but do little to solve the problem. #Rhetoric
Agreed. We don't need to "fix" the ACA. We need to get rid of insurance profiteers. Don't back off of #MedicareForAll to appease Democrats.
You also ignore that Obamacare intended not to address the poor( Medicaid/Medicare) but lower Mid class. Your simply dishonest
Same could b applied 2 uk. #SaveOurNHS
More people are begging for you to retire
I would love to know how you think we got to be that way
Right! They shouldn't beg for it. We should all WORK for it.
It is not the government's business or duty to provide health insurance.  No one is denied healthcare. We don't what BS socialized medicine.
Is US technically the wealthiest country since so much of its wealth is sheltered overseas in tax havens?
There is no right to healthcare you old fool. To create one would enslave those that are forced to provide it.
Amen
People are not being allowed healthcare!? They can't buy it privately, qualify for it or get it through their work anymore? We're screwed
She didn't look like she needed to either those food cards are for people who actually need them and she was scamming the system
@SenSanders - You should know about wealth, one family and 3 houses! Nice, pretty good for a socialist.
yes to insurance and care for all! Yes. This is the only way to fix our system. @GOP @TheDemocrats
U have the maximum debt. Don't kid urself
Like we are? Please help us if you can
Uh...did I miss something? When did health care get added to the Bill of Rights?
And I shouldn't have to go broke to pay for everyone's health care.
1/2 Hey Bernie...where is the right to healthcare in the Constitution, Bill of Rights, or Declaration of Independence? Oh I know...
20 tril in debt...and counting...Health Care/Ins is not a right;socialism is bad; Venezuela the true picture of how Socialism works 4 people
It is wealthy (for a few) due to unregulated capitalism.
#Trump #MAGA .@realDonaldTrump .@GOP .@FoxNews

The USA is Trillions in debt and you want more spending. 

The bubble will pop, then what?
You know the entire system is rigged y u lost out on office Gov almost completely corrupt owned by Corporations Gov is not 4 us
#revolution
As I sit here in county hospital in LA with my best friend watching him suffer and suffer and suffer uninsured because he can't work.
I am so sorry. Wish you both well. Hate it that anyone would have to suffer. I have been there.
Thank you, Holly. I really hope #45 unites us all to finally establish universal healthcare. 
US neither needs nor wants universal healthcare. Free market healthcare is best care. UK, Australia, Canada healthcare all failing.
Really? Majority of Americans do not agree with you, myself included. I guess you didn't understand what @Cairo1001 said.
I don't agree with you. I work in a hospital. In one I know agrees with you.
700,000+ lost jobs in healthcare if 45's Deathcare bill goes through. Countless will suffer and or die. I don't care if you agree or not.
Donate your salary to the homeless and the sick then. You've lined your pockets w/ OP money - never earning any of your own.
Does Venizluan people have health care. Gov health is what we have at the VA and it is not that good. They allow people to die while waitinv
We can send billions in aid all around the world but can't offer health care for our own 
Yeah, go ahead and say we will stop that and put towards our people. Now you are selfish.
Tell that to the richpublican party....
Only people that ever begged for health care were were Veterans  during the Obama years. Where were you then Bernie ?
You might be free to say WAS the wealthiest country - that money is almost all in the trump companies - won't be long..
If you want health ins then buy it. I don't owe it to you or anyone else
You and @DrJillStein gave us this POTUS. Let that sink in, Bernie. Sure wish the FBI would hurry up on the investigation of your wife.
Which is we need #MunicipalMedicalDepartments. #FreeToThePublic #TheRepublicanWay
*why we need*
God bless you Bernie. You have the heart, character and mind of a man who should be our President You are a man of and for the people thanks
for all your years of experience and service. I have been a supporter since I have known who you are and what you see as our human rights
Dammit Bernie it's not a right. Just like socialism is great til you run out of other people's $$. Someone has to PAY for this shit!!
I like your confidence Senator.
You're a thief
Healthcare should not be a right. That destroys doctors & patients & insurance companies with mandates & regulations
Ops!
And? People still shouldnt be fighting for healthcare
True but the thing is that he mentioned "America is the wealthiest country" while it's not, that's what I disagree with him not-
-the idea he mentioned. With all do respect of course!
Thank you Bernie Sanders for waking up America
Where is your Senate companion piece to HR 676, "New and Improved Medicare for All" with 114 co-sponsors? All talk. Put up or shut up.
Yeah but the people that need it the most have the least influence. And VV. It has to be imposed.  It will never happen by choice.
We are wealthy because we have avoided airhead, socialist ideas like yours you angry old fool. BURLINGTON COLLEGE!
Amen
Wealthiest nation in the world does not mean, how much will the world let you put on your credit card - $20 TRILLION +
