Reduced gov't = increased power to corporations. That won't end well.
In many ways they're not. However if you reduce gov't (thereby reducing gov't regulation), the power shifts.
This thought that "smaller government" is better (taken from your point of "reducing government") is simply wrong.
We need more efficiency to be sure - however efficiency does not necessarily mean reduction.
Thank you, lets cut out the middle men Insurance company's and save billions!
Thank you for making our health a national priority!
Finally
Bernie Sanders is a socialist. Socialism is destructive.  The free market enterprise is constructive and more desirable.
Public schools, police departments, fire departments are socialism.
Socialism controls the means of production. None of those produce anything.
We support you wholeheartedly, but I'm afraid you will have a big uphill battle with the opposition paid for by insurance lobbyists 
Thank you! There's so much wrong in American politics, it feels good to have a representative to be proud of!
Thank you!

The odds of this happening are low, but we need to have this conversation. Nothing wrong with copying our peers.
It's happening!
Hopefully not
Booooooooo
But we already have the ACA.
You guys told us it was great.
America love it.
Why change your masterpiece?
Please vote Yes on this:  Sen. Rand Paul’s AUMF Repeal Amendment
I heard about an "opt out" clause. We can't have that. Everyone, means everyone has a vested interest that this be the best insurance.
thanks for supporting Medicare for all!
Thank you!!!
Thank you!

reinvent @BarackObama careplann....what was his graduating GPA? screw GPA whats his current IQ level...google improved...Apple AI sustained?
@SenSanders has mildewed in the whitehouse offices...4 too long & after sucking @Greenpeace & several other environment co's money-thats it?
OMG...so lets all jack the obama healthcare that no one supported...tack a dirt bags name to it...make it natl...like its a new thing
So when will it be screwed up enough? 
Single payer, Medicaid for all, Universal, whatever you want to call it will never happen in the US.
Yes. My taxes pay for YOUR Healthcare, when they should be paying for all Americans to have the same.
Republicans don't care about health as a right. Be sure to focus on saving billions with single payer.
We want freedom from bankruptcy caused by medical bills!
Congress takes hundreds of millions from pharma they should not be allow to legislate health care.
About time people got on board.
What's so wrong with the affordable care act seems like it was all a big LIE to get to single payer
Thank you! It is past time we had care for all!
Please DO Senator!
It takes TRUMP to finally get DEMS to do the obvious thing the majority of Americans want. Better late than never, right Bernie? Banks next.
Obviously good plan, but the problem has been not nearly the votes.... and thus where we are.
Um, has the text of the bill been released yet?  What exactly are you signing on to?
The revolution has begun!
Please keep the government away from my healthcare! It's success rate is awful.
Just don't let it bankrupt the nation's future #obamacaresucks
As a former resident of RI now just over the line in MA thank you for your leadership. #MedicareForAll
Thank you!!!
No single payer....
Solidarity
Thank you!
Thank you for making the right choice!
Can't wait!  One giant VA run by gov workers 6 mo waits,dirty hospitals, bad doctors, lousy service and best of all.crooked teeth for all
Good health, being necessary to the well being of a free State, the right of the people to purchase health care shall not be infringed.
good news, better news: co-sponsoring the articles of impeachment for Trump.  The longer he is in office, the more he destroys this nation.
We are not a socialist nation. Take your healthcare and stick it where the sun don't shine. You commies are going to hate nov 2018
Where's your nod to Ted? Or others who have come before you, Senator?   http://bit.ly/2wUVlYO  ? #HistoryMatters
That's excellent! But aren't you the guys who's daughter is screwing people with epipens?
I do not want a Government run health care system where they dictate to me what coverage I shall pay for, and who I go to for service.
The Government should primarily be concerned about protecting us with the military, SSA, VA, & special services
The Government should only be concerned about improved guidelines for health care, but should not get in the way of competition.
Often times we pay a lot of extra taxes for more bureaucratic red tape which ends up bogging down services.
Sorry old white guys. Until you co-sponsor with the women in Congress, your efforts ring hollow. Try @KamalaHarris @amyklobuchar
Socialist pricks. Move to Venezuela!!
Thank you from Michigan We need all hands on deck You sir are on the right side of history We must ban together & fight for #MedicareForAll
And why should I have to pay for those who do not have health insurance and on welfare? Get a job!
why not just let the market decide? get out of the insurance buisness dum dums
Thank you for sealing your fate in the next election. Vote these idiots out of office. Drain the swamp. Term Limits. No career politicians.
It's time we stopped political theater and actually did something
Another on that Congress will exempt themselves from?  No thanks....
Awesome!! Wait...who's paying?
Thank you!
Conversations with #privileged #outoftouch GOP senators will once again fall on deaf ears.
Thank you!!!
No SPHC for all Americans, no HC for Congress.  It's morally wrong for politicians to take what they won't give to their constituents
It's time for all politicians to stop taking bribes from big pharma and med ins co, and pass HC for all.
thanks you sir
Schumer & Pelosi- NO #MedicareForAll for you!!
Thank you Senator for keeping an open mind and exploring new, and possibly better, solutions to this serious healthcare problem.
So happy for@SenSanders.I know ppl R kicking themselves 4 not voting 4 him in the last election & I really hope he gives us a chance to vote
him into office.He's our only hope!
This is Democratic party machination I can get behind! All Americans should embrace #SinglePayer.
https://twitter.com/polNewsInfinity/status/907431123692736514 …
I'm all in if it includes everybody. Including Congress
Pure capitalism is evil life is a commodity at that point
Bill Mistake!! Just let me Bank Fraud Bernie!!
Bravo!
Now your talking
Thank you!
more and more difficult to afford prescriptions and I have good insurance 1 pill $90 one single pillThey decide what u need not ur doctor
Sorry Shelly, we are finished talking; we are bled to death insurance/drugs Action now or you are out of a job. Get it?
& all Americans know that it will just be that,a conv!U guys do nothing 4 the people while enriching yourselves!Step aside 4 men of action!
Looks like the Dems have been emboldened by the Republicans lack of action. Thanks Senators McCain/Collins/Murkowski
Yay
YESSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!  Any plan to redistribute wealth must be GOOOOOOOOD!!!  Work on the demographics of VT, once the bank fraud trial's over.
With this, it's time to have a convo about the USA no longer being the safest nation on earth. Defense funding WILL be decimated.
Like I will every trust Bernie sanders again after he extort all his supporters 4 180 million during primaries!How many Dems knew about rig?
This is a very bad idea Senator. You should get government 100% out of health care.
If the rest of Senators really care about the American people and not the pockets of themselves & their constituents...this is what we NEED.
Another bad idea from ur side. #RepealandReplace
Hey, there. I told you to drop the employee mandate at the @RIYachtClub on Gaspee Days. It's still the best idea. #MedicareForAll
Don't be a coward. Just do it.
This is great and I hope this means we are at a turning point.
It is time to make America great again with health care for all!
Do your job
Good man! Fight for us!
V.A. Is a prime example of government run healthcare. No thanks, I want to keep my dr and my plan.
Everyone dances around the real question: is healthcare a right or a privilege?
We don't need Socialized Medicine. You people have screw up this country so bad you should be prosecuted.
Every Democrat has got to get on board #MedicareForAll
The time is ripe.
Thank you so much.
Thank you!!!!
Healthcare is a right for all! 
Where the hell were you with Obamacare?  What a disaster created by the democrats!  Please move to France with Bernie!
Thank you Senator. It was a pleasure hearing you speak today. Now I know why when you answered my ? about repeal & replace you were adamant.
We also need a real convo about mental health care.
You should run for president.Not because I like you or anything.But based on sheer novelty of your last name lol. "I was born for this!" Lol
Thank you!!
THANK YOU!!! 
It is about time we had some real convo about ending Citizens United
@SenWhitehouse is a leader in the fight to end Citizens United...not sure about term limits.
I hope he succeeds!
It is time we had some real convo about term Limits in Congress
I hope this is for real because to many politicians lie for sport. I support #BERNIE2020 because of his platform.
the right thing to do senator, we will hold you to your word!
Go for it
Mathematically impossible. It will b Medicaid for all. 
You leftists & "Medicare for all" r lying..or bad at math. I say it's the former.
Thanks! Sen. Whitehouse!
Thank you!
Right on, Shelly
That's a good idea.  For seed money you can start with the 10 million dollars from #BurlingtonCollege . Ask Bernie about it.
That was his wife and has nothing to do with the health care issue.
First thing we do is stop paying for your Healthcare!
Love my senator. 
#Medicare4All . Thanks for standing with the people.
Why should I have to pay for stupid people
Thank you for your service.
Better figure out a way to pay for it. Maybe a consumer tax would be the fairest
@SenDonnelly you need to sign to this too or be replaced
Will congress and government employees be a part of this plan?
I ask with no answer, how do you control cost under government run health care?
Don't let corporate Dems dilute the bill. You KNOW that's what their pharma & insurance donors are telling them to do. Tell 'em: NO!
But let me guess..you will be exempt from it, right!?
If you really want the American people to get behind on a Bill that would have Million & Millions supporting you then do one on Term Limits
You can cosponsor or sponsor any bill you want it's not going anywhere. You'er just and pandering to the youth who don't know better
YET!!!
You have my support Senator
I know how to fix the Healthcare problem, put every politician on Medicaid and they get to wait in the D.C. ER like everyone else.
Good news! We are with you and your colleagues trying to better our society. Thank you!
You better or you'll get voted out. When Dems are back in power this bill better get passed!!
Thank you! Now to get @SenJackReed , @davidcicilline , and @JimLangevin board with you.

Thank you 
Scientists: Climate Change May Wipe Out a Third of World's Parasites, with Disastrous Ripple Effects https://www.democracynow.org/2017/9/11/the_sixth_extinction_climate_change_may … …
Another senator on board!!  @JohnKaso @ToryKaso @k8k_howard @Ehoward1
Agreed, Senator.
b sanders is not a dem and he continues to hurt dem party. He is working with TRUmp/Putin.
Omg Cindy Bean unreal remark!
Keep ACA.    Perhaps move to Medicaid / Medicare for all over next few years.  Not sure now is the time. Must Impeach tRUmp Pence first
Medicare for all -- it is time people!
Guess if Congress is just going to leave Trump in office with his play nukes & no State Dept., do we even need to worry about health plan?
Here's a great plan: get government the $#&% out of my healthcare.
Do you care about anybody but yourself? This isabout the right to health care not your personal situation.
Bernie Sanders is the biggest hack in politics. Who cares what he thinks?!
I don't care what Bernie thinks, I just want healthcare.
Bernie thinks under his plan you can get free sex change surgery but be denied for cancer. Who wants that?
You haven't even read the plan. That is a lie.
Look up single payer government insurance.
More government, just like the VA, no thanks
from someone who put thru mandatory HPV vaccine. No effin thanks!
Good good good!!
The sheep think a natl hc plan is free, lol!
Have now in the long run.
Good luck, most republicans think single payer is too communist, it's ridiculous I know. Single payer would be cheaper that what you
It sounds good. But how does it get paid for?
Amer was not built on socialism and we don't need it now either, it has never done anything but ruin countries
Shame on all of you who want to take our insurance. Maybe you would like to pay for a new one for me.
Take your insurance. And give you something cheaper and better. 

How dare they
OMG - The Dem's just might actually start WINNING.  Lets give this guy some RT's!!!!
Thank you for finally coming around on this fundamental human rights issue.
America needs to join the rest of the world and get Universal Healthcare.
Bravo. I'm an American citizen living in Australia. Medical health here is excellent. I applaud your decision.
#SinglePayer @SenSanders gaining momentum
Medicare for all
Bernie.. give the hilary death money back
VIDEO THREAD
Watch these & share to help people understand what Trump did & is currently doing to help Russia.  RT
Understand #TrumpRussia in under ~ 3 min. Must watch and please share 
Trump didn't give all that US uranium to Russia. And Trump didn't receive millions in contributions from Russia. Give it up!
Suck my small Irish penis
no amount of Healthcare can fix that... But go grab a Ferrari, that'll make you feel better.
The time is now, sir!  We have little else as a go to.  Strike while the iron is hot!
As long as all elected & gov employees are required to have the same coverage as "we the people" you may have support. If not, forget it.
Citation please
You can't even fix the VA!!!!!!!!
Go Senator!
Go home you don't help the poor
Great news! Thank you, Senator!
Yay 
