this tweet is pure denial
get over it loser
actually thats wall street clinton and its shitty neoliberal policies that are unappealing to the working class deal with it
Americans demand the removal of Maria Chapplle & Maxine Waters.  No impunity 4 endangering Pres.  No degenerates in congress.  No integrity!
BankFraudBernie, our President cares about ALL of us. I am tired of your ridiculous lies. They do not build you up, they bring you down.
Ridicule from someone who believes a woman fantasizes about being raped?
How's that federal investigation on you going?
DEMOCRATS biggest campaign funder.
Absolutely not.Ref.TIMOTHY MCVEIGH, Oklahoma City bombing.Caucasian radicals have easier access to possible terror mfg. mat'l. ATF/FBI since
Idiot
Define White Supremacists? Who do they control or rule over? Has that requirement been met? No.
Thanks Bernie, millions of us are behind you in the fight, I use teaching tolerance from #SPLC in my classroom
Bernie is a swamp dweller.  U didn't hear his emphatic rejection of WS & Nazi's?  And U didn't hear Chappelle call 4 assassination?  Shame
Steta sto BS Nije pobijedio HC I DT I da on vidi US.
Senator Sanders, please work to declare the Nazis, KKK and there like Terrorist Groups so they can be removed from Society. No room 4 them!
Bernie. The democrats paid him off well. Bernie talks about racism the Democratic party praises
It is not OK
really Bernie? by that logic, you sent out your killer in DC that shot up the republicans!
Here we go. Get over Sanders. We love him. Go home. He condemned that action.
You love the guy that bent over and got railroaded by Hillary? She stole that from him, and he was OK with it? It's common knowledge!
Bernie is about as smart as a four year old
Oh just like you sending a message being a violent communist is ok?
It's been 25 days since news broke about #AltLeft militias training for terrorism. Not a peep from MSM, @splcenter or @ADL_National . Why? 
BS, it's the way you interpret. you are fanning hate and diversion
Canada, Nordic countries, European countries, Australia, New Zealand, Japan are all fine with socialism btw
The one that got away  #Bernie2020
U should read a little.  True communism or socialism is nothing like the Russian, Cuban, Chinese, NK'S system. U have been brainwashed. 
Yeah whenever your shitty ideology failed you call it " that's not true communism" even after all of your family starved to death
Please run again because socialism always works! Take Venezuela as the latest an the greatest example or perhaps Cuba is more 2 your liking.
Tsk. You are sadly misinformed. Maybe this will help:
I could not be more informed but you could not be more duped.
Like Denmark? Euthanizing the mentally ill & those with dementia? "Duty to die" In one case Dr had family hold her down for lethal injection
It's works perfectly in Sweden.
Sweden is going down fast. UN website said Sweden will be third world by 2030.
Yes and these were same people who said deregulate everything, it will be great for the country.
Insurance needs to be regulated IMO.. Along with repealing the McClaren-Ferguson Act which makes them immune to anti-trust laws.
And lost to a reality show host
Jason Kessler worked for CNN, supported Obama, and was an Occupy leader. The democrats are responsible for the life of Heather Heyer.
True
Bernie should have been president
Run as a third party candidate for 2020!
when you remove the Confederate statues you're removing the history of the Democratic Party
the Confederate flag belong to the Democratic party they were the Confederates the party of slavery
Barnie the Confederate Army and the Democratic party where the same people in history. The party for slavery.
Thats complete SORELOSER talk.He condemned those groups and you Nazis are changing the narrative.If @HillaryClinton didn't screwU!UB @POTUS
You are CRAZY BERNIE.
Take a hike you old jew - all the way to Isntreal where you belong. Although I think the Pals might contest that also.
Bernie Sanders is such a flake who borders on Marxist-Socialism & Communism. He's a dangerous man whom we should  ignore. Dolt!
You Sir, are a complete horse's ass better suited to a funny farm in Vermont.  Stop embarrassing yourself - it is truly  a sad spectacle.
I don't agree with the fact that it's okay to do. There are millions that also agree with you about the situation having to be condemned
Please stop talking, you're just making a fool of yourself. Actually, keep going - people are waking up to your nonsense.
BS. Go back to your hole #Bernie..Trump had nothing to do with what Happen. You & @dnc party are.losing on all fronts. Stop / Think/Shut up.
BLM n alt-left come dressed with mask n bats, busting windows, setting fires, block traffic, they shot a senator there just as bad!
Here sucks Willis dims when I hide your slaveholding past so you can make slaves out of us in the future
You Democrats are tearing down the statues to try and hide your past so you can keep on lying to the idiots out there that listen to you
Bernie learn to listen to the message before spouting crap.  How's the fraud case going . How's  Venezuela doing you claimed was a model.
All Potus  had to  say is I condem the actions  of those  thugs. And we pray  for Heather  Heyer and  the  19 who were  injured.
I love you Bernie Sanders
NO!
I am so sorry to see your mental acumen subsiding so rapidly. Please accept my family's condolences.
Yes!
BS
wow..you sure did either miss the Point POTUS made or are dumber than your rhetoric

I Lov this man, keep up the good work, we need people like you.
Using Sanders reasoning than the Senator is partly responsible for the Scalise shooting.

#Obama and #Killary supported neo Nazis in #Ukraine and AlQaeda jihadists in #Syria and #Libya @JulianAssange  https://twitter.com/masoud_3435/status/897574464912855044/photo/1pic.twitter.com/jn4l0SVsD4 
Bernie, give it up. Your product sucks
What message did @SenSanders send when @SteveScalise was shot by a #BernieFanatic? Oh that it's ok to shoot someone that doesnt agree with u
Thank you
Hey Bernie, Why don't your ask Steve Scalise?
I seriously question if you"re mentally stable,.
Why don't you answer that and while your at it explain to me why it would be ok as your clearly suggesting. Something your not telling us?
BS is full of BS
BS and his wife going to jail for bank fraud........
BS is the only person that is responsibile for HIS BOT that shot the congressman and 4 others. BS, what do you say about that????
BS, are there any more of you BOTS that are going to shoot people?????
As a BS BOT shot a congressman and 4 aids, it's ok for BS to LIE to the LYING media and the lap it up. Hey BS how is the bank fraud case...
STEVE. 
SCALISE.
no. But neither is Pres Obama using a Mandela quote against SA apartheid and implying NM would say it about nazis is lukewarm to
Hell they should hang you and Hillary Clinton upside down on a lamp post tar and feather you like the fascist you are
Hahaha, And you're a Hitler/socialist! Bernie is one of Americas New fascists he's just like the old NAZI Germany fascists
Is escalation of Civil War OK?
@tinabenez
You should be locked up for sending that lunatic over to shoot congressman Scalise.
And you are responsible for everyone shot at that ball field. You are a killer.
Bernie Has lost his shit !!!!
We have a White Supremacist as our President.  Hey GOP - wake the f__k up!!!
Socialist Sanders, you are an embarrassment to our country."Nazi"is short for (National SOCIALIST German Workers' Party). SOCIALIST like you
YES - it is more than ok. It is presidential!
Sorry. Was reading what you've bought lately
No, it's not okay.  It's time for Trump to be impeached.
You think a President of a nation should have to deal with civic matters? I think it was a police matter and maybe the state should deal it.
This man would've been the most suitable president. Too bad what we actually have is a racist troll. #teambernie
@xray_ban
This was a terrorist attack between two militant factions in this country white supremacist and the antifa group... many support you...
Consequently your failure denounce/ condemnation of the antifa militants is shameful you need to publicly condemn and denounce them#GOBERNIE
He condemned the violence, what more do you want, for him to go to #Charlottesville and stop them himself, shut up old man
He denounced it libitard
Bernie reminds me of an idiot who thinks he's not an idiot.
You should be the one in the Whitehouse @SenSanders then none of this would be happening
Hey Bernie are you responsible for this man's actions? Just curious?
I am thisclose to go with the "Bernie" people,still need to find out how they treat other American resisters not sure really who to join
People behind this violence are Soros Obama Clintons these are the ones responsible.

POTUS is referring to the torch-carrying crowd on Friday night who chanted “blood and soil” and “Jews will not replace us.”

Nice people? https://twitter.com/Walldo/status/897553995962740736 …
Been waiting for Bernie
#GeneSharpGoHome 'Los obreros de América Latina te dicen gringo go home'. ALÍ PRIMERA. "@dannyglober "@SeanPence "@VillegasPoljak "@Maby80
Hey Bernie hitler was a socialist. How about that.
Thanks Bernie
Remember that time your supporter tried to murder Republicans????
Your supporters are shooting and killing people in the idea of communism
Shouldn't the "left" and "center-left" be just as careful to avoid propagating violent rhetoric? What if that statue had fallen on someone?
Did you see the acts of vandalism that followed the fall of this statue that were done against both the Lincoln and Holocaust memorials?
Didn't one of your supporters attack reps on a baseball field another use a knife in seattle? Wheres your disavow statement #BankFraudBernie
Your supporter tried to murder sixteen politicians and police a few months ago, and you continue to encourage hate today? #SocialismIsEvil
I can't believe so many people rallied behind this guy.
Always an interesting spin. Don't you and your wife have some legal maneuvering you should be focused on?
Socialist or communist like you hate.  You create victims and use people to make your political gains.
@UltimateTennis_  Worse yet, Bernie, he is telling them that they are under the protection of the Presdent of the United States.
@POTUS on Charlottesville: We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence.
Sanders on Hodgkinson: violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society, and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.
If that is true then you are responsible for the shooting of Steve Scalise. Neither is the case Mr. Sanders.
Bank Fraud Bernie...you are a divider and agitator.  You have blood on your hands.
A new civil war is the first step for a new World Order !!!
Antifas sponsored by Zionist supremacist George Soros it s the same manipulation and shit = kkk AND WHITE SUPREMACIST ....
Really Bernie? So are the Charlottesville mayor and VA Gov accessories to ANTIFA felony rioting?
You're a degenerate purposely twisting the facts. He didn't name anyone in his first statement but he clearly did in his second statement.
So, you still think fixing "income inequality" & going after banks will cure institutional racism?  I don't.
Blacks provide a convenient & visible scapegoat for problems that derive from the institutions of capitalism. http://tomweston.net/ReichRacism.pdf 
This is the kind of analysis one comes up with when one ignores anthropology and social history.
The CIA came to the same conclusion, so did the DHS. Would you like their studies too?
Why?  If they're all using the same data, they'd come to the same conclusions.
Every decision we make in life is related to economics. Self-preservation, Maximizing Self-Interests, etc.
Really.  So why is it that people vote against their own economic self-interests?  Or why do they not vote when it would protect interests?
They maximize their self-interests through the 'Ultimatum Game."
Liar
You're a fraud, demagogue & James T hodgskins was radicalized by you.
You're nothing but an old hypocrite!! you tweeted nothing when one of your terrorist followers shot a Senator!
So Bernie, are you going to send James Hodgkinson to spank the President? Where's your rage for the Antifa & BLM, NBPP maybe?
The Dems keep marginalizing hard working white Americans, and that is what you get. People will protect themselves.
Ur wrong bernie i understood it as all extremist who cause trouble the first time. Unlike all the trump bashers.
you support the black lives matter and antifa who dresses like isis and carrying a nazi flag.Take responsibility for black lies matter riots
your as close to nazi wanting our country to be a socialist country where government controls all. bad you didn't condemn black lies matter
Hate groups, BLM and Antifa.

America's working poverty https://www.gofundme.com/america039s-working-poverty?pc=tw_dn_cpgnsharemore_r&rcid=r01-150282309841-2cfa0ae6257c4cbc …
U r so tacky! No class, no grace! That is a horrendous accusation when u said nothing about ANTIFA & BLM being bussed in just to create this
What part of denounce hate and violence from all sides didn't you understand?
Your the National Socialist. Those were your Hitman like at the Congressional Baseball Team @SteveScalise and Oregon knife attack.
Trump denounced the neo-nazis, still waiting for you to denounce the antifa & black hate groups.
So it's ok for your base to shoot up a baseball field?
So now you're deaf as well as stupid?
Stop with the lies & propaganda it's disgusting. I support #Trump I denounce #Nazis #NeoNazis #Antifa #BLM they do not represent America 
I'd say you're trying to brainwash your supporters but they'd have to have a brain to wash first.
Just stop it, Bernie. You don't know of what you speak.
You should erase this tweet, it's inflammatory @SenSanders @waiwainu
You should have been president.
Umm.... you're coming up dangerously close to committing treason sir.....
Absolutely You got it Wrong !
Thank you @SenSanders .  Hearing people like you speak, who are in this fight with the rest of us, is uplifting.
You are responsible then for James Hodgkinson!!!
- Enjoying the mansion and the sports car you mysteriously acquired to take a dive for HRC? No credibility.
Hey Bernie... u sold out... ur fatassuglybitchwife is going to jail.. #GFYS
He use the disagreement from both side so he wouldn't have to defend America sad and pitiful @BernieSanders  @SenTimMcCain @SenWarren
We know your true colors Bern. Three houses and a smoking fast car. But spread the wealth and your own "resistance".
#JailBernie
