@Willis_Hubbard_ @GodsWordIsFree @BFostersbox @SuperckookLarry @bannerite @JWaReesS @CParks777 @irenedorsey321
#2) Why are so many who's racist choosing to show their true colors of racism w/TRUMP as POTUS. Let's remember his dtr.'s husband is JEWISH
#3) Why would these girls think  "HATRED/HOSTILITY/& ILL WILL TO ANOTHER"  is OK? Retweeted pic from Larry Woolfolk
#4) POTUS @BarackObama war on poverty & the push to make AMERICA a great country for all it's ppl  RT>Larry Woolfolk
Right on Bernie
And O'Bama's was a giveaway to the corrupt unions
Who's wall Street? Every person that has a 401k plan that's who.
You will say ANYTHING to profit off your lies and push your book sales! #GreedyBernie
He's not against people being incredibly wealthy. He's against the people in the 1% who use their wealth to gain power over everyone.
Lol Bernie used his platform against the 1% to make $1million this year to become part of the 1% #GreedyBernie
So his running president and every issue he fought for was all to promote his book sales? Thanks for the insight.
Right! Bernie is a con artist! He used his platform to become a millionaire! Silly Bernie sheep continue to fall for his con! #GreedyBernie

Bernie i need you to endorse Tim Kaine for 2020. He's a centered progressive and will bring change to the party. I know, it's exciting news!
Funny man, I hate to say it but I would not vote for him, even as a dem.
The Democratic Party continues to miss to target for what people really want.
We spend extensive time picking the best candidate for the people. I spent countless hours with DWS in 2014 before deciding on Hillary.
And HilLIARy was the absolute WRONG choice! The Dem Party can keep choosing corrupt neoliberals causing more Donald Drumpfs to get elected.
Hillary was the right choice but Bernie got swept away in the moment. He eventually got in line after we showed him love but it was too late
WRONG!
Bernie is a con.  #millionairemarxist
And why do people think that Democratic Socialists are supposed to be poor bc they advocate for the poor and disenfranchised? #MakesNoSense
that's right!  people who oppose Bernie defend the whealthy then ridicule him for being successful. Just what you said.
No, they ridicule him for being a hypocrite. Yuge difference
That maybe so but not in the comment I replied to .Thanks!
Everything Trump does is a con to fill his pockets and destroy democracy
This old fraud is always saying the same old lines over and over. He owns 3 houses and makes millions ,typical politician!
"not the sexiest issue in the world"
It could be, though. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Are you crazY?
He is.
Fraud anyone today?
U haven't done so bad 4 a Communist-Millionaire! Ur old need 2 retire enjoy ur free lake house! I didn't fight 4 communism! @US_Veterans
I'm all for making infrastructure sexy! Tell me more B-dawg.....
Anyone have ideas on how we can?
Wall Street goes with different candidates. You should know this. They have in past backed Hillarys. You took bribes so??
Thank you Bernie. I stand with you!
Republican ideas are always rooted in privatization. SoFlWater Management District has contracted key jobs out for years. 15 yrs, I was cut
Rightly Said!!
Dow soaring, unemployment down, working on repeal/replace failed Obamacare, tax reform. You don't have a clue.
Because WallStreet traders will take off their suits, grab pick axes and shovels, and pitch in to build roads?  Do you hate Roosevelt too?
I have nothing against being prosperous but I do have a problem with a fraud like Bernie who pretends he's against capitalism yet banks!
If we had real news that gave you real information instead of the infotainment we get this man would be our president
And your plan is a wealth redistribution scheme! You want to give US tax dollars to foreign countries. #covfefe
Trump is President because the alternative was Hillary. Who is responsible for that?
DNC and the millions that seemed to think she had a chance
But ultimately, she was a crap candidate that shouldn't have been shoved down everyone's throats
The answer starts with  B!
BS Bernie
You have no knowledge of this.  You lie like all liberals.
Bernie y'all had 8 years to do what you wanted to do it didnt work that's why we've got a real president that will do what he says!
Stay on him Bernie! The more of us that come together & work together to stop Trump, the GOP -we can w/ a bold progressive agenda.
If it were up to millionaires like Bernie Sanders who pay a paltry 13.5% Federal taxes, we'd have NO money for infrastructure! He's a 1%er'!
You're referring to his 2015 tax return, with $205K income and common deductions like mortgage interest? That percentage sounds correct.
More than an independent contractor non-home-owner making 50K pays in just payroll taxes alone. Pretty much shits on his "fairness" stances.
People shouldn't be able to deduct mortgage interest? An independent contractor doesn't deduct business expenses? Not head of household?
People who make 205K who pay 13,5% Federal tax rates when 50K a yr working-class folks who can't affords home pay more is obscenely unfair.
I thought 50K head of household's tax bracket was 15%. You don't take any deductions? None?
You forgot the FULL payment (no employer contribution) of self-employment payroll taxes of 15.3% ON top of income taxes. Bernie pays less.
No shit, Sherlock.
U don't want to Make America Great Again, u support the government taking over our lives. It literally makes me sick that so many support U
We didn't vote for you last round.We won't vote for you in 2020.it will be a Younger man or woman.To get the young ppl and Women Votes
Yeah let's do what we've always done that got it to where it is now! Obama spent 10 trillion so why didn't he fix our infrastructure?
Bernie explain to America about the house Hillary got you, and how you made 1.5 million last year on a senators pay, #conman
Right after you count up money Trump made off of visiting diplomats staying at his hotel on our tax payer's dime as the POTUS
Mr Sanders why did you cowardly take a pass when the world Hillary stole the election from you? What about the beautiful home you received?
Good ole Bern thinks jobs/companies are owned by the homeless
Same old stale rhetoric  from Blustering  loudmouth  Bernie
People voted for Trump because we DON'T want to keep doing what we've been doing. You see the mess our country became using the OLD methods?
Oh Shut up, Bernie,we really don't want to hear you're liberal babble anymore
Oh Bernie, you don't comprehend the concept of private-public partnerships. You want the government to own everything. You're a communist.
If Trump's infrastructure program is a giveaway to Wall Street, why did Democrats get almost 100% of WS's campaign contributions? H-m-m?
Instead of complaining to no avail, why not go to Trump meet with him, and pitch your awesome ideas? or just complain & promise entitlements
Nothing he does is going to help the American people. I do not understand his base and never will.
Of course you don't like it your a socialist
@camarogirl91 Might want to watch this
Isn't that what you are all about, windbag! Giveaways, giveaways and giveaways. You are such a hypocrite.
Logic. Power to the People.
Hey Bernie , the tolerant one , except Christians, you're the con artist ...
#POTUS hasn't even released the full plan and you are already criticizing it? That is beyond said - you are a TRAITOR to this nation.
Great, valid comments. Unfortunately, Trump will sell-out our infrastructure to the highest bidder, because that's all he cares about; money
Bernie Sanders sold out to Hillary Clinton for $$$, and he's still acting as a Russian shill trying to destabilize our country!
#Shutup #SellOut
. @SenSanders you do understand that the Dow would be 4K points lower had the DNC not fixed the primary & you were elected POTUS. #TaxHell
So you're admitted Obama and Dems let our infrastructure crumble (water bridges, etc) while doubling debt and nothing to show for it.Useless
Can I have one of your houses Bernie?
Says the millionaire with 3 houses and drives an Audi. Hypocrite
Where's your plan? All talk and no action. Typical liberal.
Sorrentos 800+ million dollar (shovel ready jobs) went to CPA's and and in there boss's pockets. Where the hell where you then?
I think that's his plan. Many people think he's a traitor to our country and he's trying to destroy the U.S
The money will create jobs! Go and retire!
Like obama's infrastructure deal, huh.
Good to oppose this plan, but you also need to recognize higher parking and toll fees are GOOD for the environment, Bernie.
Says the guy who made a million dollars but cries about rich people.  You can't be trusted.
STOP PRETENDING to give 2 fucks about this nation. You care 0 about your murdered staffer, Seth Rich, or your voter base.
Have you ever done anything in your life except flap your gums.  All talk and no action.
And you know that how?  You haven't even read it yet. Liar.
Is this what you do for a living, senile Bernie? Say non senses?
Exactly WHAT did you guys do with $800M infrastructure deal under Obama? Oh yeah, it went to the unions that paid back into DNC coffers.
Trump lived in a simple rich small world till 69:family business. He believed his successful personal experience:private capitalism is gold.
@SaveMain_St
@SaveMain_St
I stand with you, PLEASE get Congress to work!!!
what's your plan comrade?
STOP STOP you are the worst and you lie
So do not drive and do not fly you fossil fuel hypocrite.
How do you propose to rebuild the crumbling infrastructure Mr. Communist Marxist Leftist Fascist Brownshirt DemRAT?
Didn't see you doing anything in Congress with Obama in charge. His shovel ready jobs never showed up. Interstates disasters after 8 yrs
I hope that you and the democrats have a concrete detailed plan and then the plan must be promoted so there is a counter-plan to the GOP.
Your so pitiful with your backwards socialist ways. Get to work doing your job in Congress instead of showboating.
Sadly, there is almost no truth to any of this except Obama let the infrastructure of this country crumble.
The Democrat party is beyond embarrassing at this point. DO SOME DAMNED THING, PEOPLE VOTED FOR YOU A**HOLE.
There's 25 billion for rural development. wtf are you on bernie?
Nobody cares what you think
Nice to see you on TV again Larry David
Hey Bernie you're kind of looking like a bonehead right now good luck with that
BS know's all the answers, but nothing gets done. Please tell me the answer to that without blaming someone else. Either help or move over!
well do the best you can to make his agenda less toxic, and get it passed, then we'll litigate its criminality as we get the work done
Get to work on healthcare and jobs and national security and stop your anti-Trump agenda, taxpayers are your boss and pay you all!!!!!!
If Bernie doesn't like it he always blames Wall Street or the 1%. Come up with something else Senile Sanders.
Yup and you will help build a 100 year old road? you sold your soul SHUT UP!
As opposed to you taxing me to oblivion and redistributing it away as freebies to your socialist followers. Nah I don't think so
Socialism makes some people more lazy. Some people just like to receive handouts. Hard-working people get the short end of the stick
Free college means more frivorous diplomas
Some educational institutions are not proving traing necessary for getting good jobs in technological fields
Free college will simply increase loafers
Socialism failed in many countries in this century. Let's individuals responsible for their actions and future.
Spending money in US is better than giving foreign aids to corrupt countries
US infrastructure is crumbling because you give foreign aids and forget about our infrastructure
Bernie tale a visit to your comrades on Venezuela - your policies are on show there
The word is genuflecting. Distractions from the real issue at hand that can sink him & I hope it does. Is he deserving of respect? NONE!
Thank you, Bernie... I don't know why people begrudge you your economic situation when they support someone who makes billions off mid class
Does anyone else see the irony in the continuing "brand" promo...Misusing his office to make a ton of money for him and his family...???
@HealHealthcare yeah, cuz Trump's buddies are waitin 4 those gov't contracts
The REAL SANDERS. OBSTRUCTION IS ALL HE HAS LEFT. 200 APOINTEES NOT FILLED!!
While you criticize wall street remember they finance the pensions of millions of your beloved workers. russian in the bushes best hide
and your so called let the gov't provide "free" everything is a huge giveaway of my hard earned money and I'm not rich.
Bernie sounding the alarm early - Trump is setting up a money play which serves him & others, not the interests of nations infrastructure
He wants 2build his own runaway air strip, Country banned his family, Putin has turned his back on him, he has nowwhere to hide.
You mean Democrats crumbling infrastructure? Because Oklahoma's infrastructure is continuously being fixed or replaced. 100% conservative.
Bernie you have big mouth, next time campaign better and don't let Hillary take your voice and position. Trump is your president legally.
You are wrong as usual.
Bruh I've been to Vermont, you're hardly one to talk
Shut it rich old guy!

just go away@SenSanders
Just like everything else this administration is doing. It all falls to big wins for industry not the people
You're ignorant followers are so uneducated they don't realize you support Americans paying 60 percent of their incomes to government. Fools
Dear lord...stop this in its tracks. Horrible idea to put our nation's transportation safety in hands of profiteers
Wall street is one of the major avenues between poverty and wealth, protect our freedom not destroy it
Hey look a millionaire who hates millionaires
You make it sexy Bernie.
Love you Bernie! Thanks for fighting for us all!
Wall Street who you continue to line your pockets from?    That Wall Street? 
Keep stalking him! Continue calling him out! We need you, Bernie. We need you now more than ever! ¡Shalom alechem!
Congrats on your million dollar year! 
Prove it saying it doesn't make it true show us the facts or is this just more bs to get re eleted on the don't tell the truth wagon
Married to Civil Engineer 35yrs, I  know public private ventures. Gov't builds and maintains infrastructure. Private business hikes tolls
Yep. I live in Canada next to Detroit and the bridge to Detroit sucks and the millionaire owning the bridge does nothing for it.
Mr.Trump likes to manipulate. I'm no docter but it seems Borderline desease.
You've been exposed as a millionaire bucking socialism to kids. That's just cruel.
Oh yes Bernie keeps up his Burn.
Coming from a guy who sold-out to Hillary. How big of a "donation" did you receive from the Clinton Foundation?
Bernie pls retire so we the people don't have to hear your rabble rousing ever again
yesterday for the first time more than 50% of U.K. generated power came from non-fossil fuels.America mustn't get left behind
Build America Great Again.
Dems had 8 years to modernize. Stop making everything Trump's fault. Grow up and take some responsibility.
Right because the Republicans never obstructed Obama and went out of their way to make sure his plans worked.
No one knows how to crumble infrastructure like a socialist, I suspect you're upset because you think Trump is doing it faster than you are?


We will rely on your taxes of 14% alot less than potus trump to pay for it
Opens the door to corruption, cronyism, dishonest deals in awarding construction contracts
and  even worse corporate greed. Rich get richer.
Bernie is a couch sitting loser.  Anyone who is familiar with his history knows it.
We must nt forget that American is America of today because of an idea,so we can't keep challenging each ideas of Trump rather we wait n see
Yes this is Madness
