CSA did not take up arms against the Union, The Union invaded the South. Read Jefferson Davis's farewell address to Congress.
brothers against brothes. a man would not have to wear shackles is a cause as mighty as any
Agree. Nor apartheid states that attacked USS Liberty, accept billion$ in US welfare, & bribe Congress to legislate against free speech
#BDS
It was your Democrats that done it
The Civil War divided us then united us after it was over. Today, politicians like you are dividing us. Well, CW2 is coming. Get ready.
Democrats. ....you're talking about Democrats right?
Your out of touch with real people burn out! That's why term limits will be in place for congress and Senate. See u @ the booth! #MAGA
REASON the AntiFA being directed to tear down Confederate statues, is to erase the evil travesty of the Democrats... this is revisionism.
Pay attention Bernie....both North and South we're the US...that why it's called a Civil War....
You do know they were Democrats
SO U R AGAINST ISLAM ?????????????
That's the Democrats Bernie.  Gosh, did you get one of those correspondence school degrees from some Marxist faux school?  YES!  LEARN!
https://twitter.com/USNJack/status/902276163397050369 …
Hey burn, the ones that ended slavery was the republicans! Yes Abe Lincoln did and he was a Republican president. Get ur story straight!
Absolutely
Democratics embraced slavery. Check the history books if there's any left! Did you try to erase that too?
What about what the Colonists did to the natives Indians ?  Where does this end.  It's called History don't try to rewrite it LEARN FROM IT
Now it's time to face horrors of indigenous genocide that was manifest destiny. Fact: this country was founded on violence against Natives.
Drop the stupid "Russian narrative", leave the idiotic corporate Democrats behind and do what's right! Millions of us are here waiting
Or how about Ulysses S Grant. He was a huge anti-Semitic ass. He kicked the Jews out of where he patrolled.
If you knew anything you would know that it was about States rights, slavery was the excuse used to start the war...
I don't believe that Trump is happy for Americans to lose their lives in the name of race. It's not true, u just need to watch closely.
PRIVILEDGED, MOSTLY WHITES sure love to tell others what to feel when they have to walk past a confederate statue to enter a COURTHOUSE!
Statues are in PUBLIC places. Significant%of citizens are offended. SELL them to WS/KkK/Trump etc. So they can stick em in a private place.
What you need money to buy one more home?
Mr sanders united the country if you really love it
The democrats was the first to own slaves and by the way it was the own people who sold them look in history telling the truth
You know the truth stop dividing the country!!
You looking to take down the coliseum in Italy or the pyramids in Egypt too?
Orwell was only off by 33 years.  Dump that history right down the memory hole!
Also @SenSanders the institution of slavery was a us trend throughout union and confederate states.
Its not a celebration bernie. Its a statue, there is a difference. Its not like we have a whip your slave national holiday!

These are erected to soldiers who paid ultimare sacrifice. If you knew anything about civil war, was not just about slavery but constitution
Shhhh Bernie, its nap time
We shouldn't celebrate the U.S. then. It still defends and proliferates slavery
I totally agree.
slaves actually got to keep more of the value they produced than many would under your tax plan.
In my view we should not be celebrating socialists and anarchists who stand against everything America stands for
According to an act of Congress they are veterans of the US Armed Forces with full benefits and honors due. So shove it commie.
Who would you celebrate?
Radical thinking will not change our history. Your rhetoric only serves to inflame those preserving history.
It is history if it is repugnant to some then build a museum to the civil war!
Amen
What about Woodrow Wilson. He expanded J Crow laws into the federal workplace remember that when graduating from Woodrow High
Bernie, No greater monument to racism in America exists than the Democrat party itself.

And you sold your soul to them in 2016.
We celebrate Native Americans everyday though.
If you studied history you would find that slavery was only one of the reasons for the Civil War and not even the main one. Most economic!
Grant, Washington, Jefferson, and 13 other Presidents owned slaves, we should take down their statues as well??
The South lost the Civil War.   Let's get over it.   (I'm a southerner).
Agree
You mean like the Dems? Oh, wait, they caused a civil war... #QuitYourBullshit #YoureFakeNews
Last eight years hunky dory? Hillary loses you get your morals back? Pleeeeze
Logic
Well, got your wish Lee is down. It probably just about the most disgusting, Unamerican, discriminatory thing you could do.. Lost my vote
Robert E Lee at al committed TREASON against the United States of America! Should have been tried and EXECUTED! NOT celebrated!
Slavery! Please Berni kurwa mac !  Rome, Babylon etc 1700 BC Jewish was slaves in Egypt  http://www.historyworld.net/timesearch/default.asp?conid=1061&keywords=Slavery …
Bernie I totally agree with you 
Please look at the case of #MarcellusWilliams scheduled to be executed tomorrow despite DNA evidence proving his innocence
Dems have totally forgotten, they R not the party "for" emancipation.  Not 4 desegregation either?  Perhaps the party of slavery should go?
bernie we can fix trumps america. first we need to introduce a dislike button to twitter then he'll understand what people hate.
That's putting it rather mildly.
How about sanctioned genocide of NATIVE Americans?  How far off the edge of the liberal universe do you want to take this?
Yeah, took up arms against U.S. like #AntiFa or what about those who call 60+ million Americans deplorable or want to bring socialism...
But still, history should not be erased.
So true senator!!!
this coming from Grandpa Marxist who wrote an essay on masturbation. Deep Bernie, really deep.
The civil rights act of 1964 2/2
If wrong please prove it
If this is true Bernie, that's what the Democrats stand for its part of their history with the Gore's part of the KKK. Voting against 1/2
Take down Martin luther King statues too.
He was against Gay marriage.
So hateful
We should evenly distribute the removal of all statues regardless of historical significance. Did I get socialism right?
In my view, you should worry about your wife's arrest and stay at out of the public view. Go stay in one of your 3 homes. You hypocrite
yet you love socialism. #socialistpigs #SinglePayer
Why didn't anyone care about this for the last 8 years???? Hypocritical!!! Just another way to gin up a race war????
We aren't. Now they serve as reminders of what used to be & the lives that were lost to right this wrong. History teaches us.
Just keep on playin to that brain dead base of yours. Like the zombies they are, they will follow you off that cliff. Your disgusting.
Do you want to tell the Brits to hate us, or should I?
We "seceded" from Britain, as I recall, and we "defended" slavery, "classified at the time."
The confed troops are legally considered veterans.
@SenSanders Confederates were not an invading army, these people helped ratify the constitution and felt like states rights were violated
Then Lincoln needs to go too. He didnt want to free the slaves. He would have allowed had the South surrendered. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emancipation_Proclamation …
But can we take down the Georgia Guidestones as they are threat to humanity world wide?
#JustSayin

John brown was evil to then or?
Bernie's right, it's time to disband the Democrat party, historically the biggest proponent of slavery.
So you're full of praise for Republicans?  It was thanks to them slavery was abolished
That's right so when will you push for the Lenin statue to come down and Samuel Dickstein street to be renamed?
Then let's abolish the DemoKKKrats who've traded in their white hoods for identity politics & black face masks (ANTIFA)
Stop virtue signalling to remain relevant
History is history, it's part of the making of the USA. Destroying reliefs sounds to me like what ISIS is doing in Syria... such a shame.
We now have Confedernazis (Brown shirts) plus Trump Troopers (Black Shirts). Is Davis Duke the new Ernst Rhom?
No one cares, Trump,Trump,Trump
Shut up old Man U don't know what ur talking about trump won and ur like 80 years old
You are a simple minded twit!!!
I was in Boston yesterday . I saw of people of many beKurds peacefully exercising their first amendment rights if free speech
Slavery was started by your party.

Riding the bandwagon. What about your supporters you betrayed?
Is that the same view when you ran to Hilary  or was it the house deal ?
For once we agree.
Can we get back to the business at hand don't we have an ongoing investigation what's happening with that
We wouldn't be having this conversation if Lincoln and Grant hadn't dropped the ball The confederate terrorist should've been hung TREASON
When will you condemn Antifa? They look an awful lot like violent Black Block to me: clubs, violence & black masks. Keep that crap in Europe
Why aren't you our President?  smh
Thank you Senator Sanders, thank you.
@IAmDickGregory was one. Let his spirit be remembered through our bravery to come
In my view,that is not what you should be concerned with,what about getting the Trump out of the white House...
Bernie does that apply to Native Americans also since they took up arms against the US government? Should we be removing their statue aswell
We're enslaved by political correctness right now. Will you be calling for the end of PC?
Before you utter another word on the matter, Senator, I suggest you take time out to watch the PBS series "The Civil War" by Ken Burns.
Also watch Ken Burns' "Robert E. Lee" available through PBS. A progressive like yourself, Burns provides a fair & accurate history of Lee.
Slavery wasn't the only issue that helped spawn the War of Northern Aggression, Senator! Read legit history!
And treasonous bastards like RE Lee
Where did you think that up? When you were a devout Communist visiting our enemy Soviet Russia watching their cleansing of minorities?
Could POTUS be a  Confederacy sympathizer?  What a horrible possibility.
So are you officially denouncing Antifa and the Left in its entirety then?
Rich democrats were defending slavery because it kept them wealthy and in power. Kind of like votes from the ghetto and cheap aliens do now.
If Idi Amine contributed to you, you would skin his dinner. Or light Fidelle Castro's cigars. Not to mention wipe his Communist ASS
Bernie, there will never be a statue for what you have accomplished. Vermont does have a celebrated excrement pile for everything you did!
Let's celebrate the lazy ass, blood sucking patriots like you and and your caloric and truthfully challenge wife. Her family got paid!
I don't think anyone is, besides Nobody had a problem with d status 4 d previous 8 years u know what I mean! so y now?Who's agenda is this!
Amen!
Indeed, that was the view even of Robert E Lee.
How are your wifes finances doing?
Way to go Bernie. You just condemned the entire Democratic Party
But it's okay w/the likes of you to be inciting violence in Boston, by recruiting thugs to throw rocks, urine & bottles at Officers. Shame!!
Read your history books and you might see what the war was about.  Not salves
What about the people who took up area and fought against the horrific institution of socialism?
Who in the world is celebrating and defends slavery. No one ,so get back on passing a better tax code and health care for America
What the hell are taking about, I bet you didn't  even know. Bernie do your job in Congress and stop twisting the truth
So, Democrats. Got it.
Your character is just one of the reasons I voted for you.
Statues have been up for 100 years! Didn't u notice, Bernie? Oh that's right, you are just a follower. Like the rest of the Dems!
Being up 100 years justifies it. And yet you call Bernie the followe. Right.
Majority of America supports leaving statues up. As do I
We have bigger issues ahead than statues. Civil war was not about slavery but states rights a protecting businesses.
These people need to leave the USA and found their own country of hate!
Why we didn't vote for Bernie as our president?????
Then why are you in the Democratic Party?  They started the KKK and didn't want to end slavery
How bout theses moron? And your shooter? Celebrate them?
Keep diggin that hole randy
I will. You keep shaking that vagina!!
Brother Bernie, you need to understand what it is to be a Southerner.  I am a Socialist, but don't attack a culture you don't understand.
Remove ALL statues of Bill Clinton! I'm offended, he was impeached, caught lying to Congress, his "seed" on blue dress , Clinton body count
Your people are waiting for you.
That would be the Democratic Party, they owned most of the slaves.....then there's racists LBJ & Hillary's mentor racist Robert Byrd 
CEO Pay to Worker Pay ... Phython to Tadpole ... Tatterdemalion Hate Units  https://www.facebook.com/notes/michael-weddle/ceo-pay-to-worker-pay-phython-to-tadpole-tatterdemalion-hate-units/1428814677203376/ …
Ummm Bernie I'm not defending Slavery however I'm defending History rather good or bad it's our History learn from it. Grow up people
Amen!
Yeah!!!
In my view, we should not be supporting terrorists, aka BLM and Antifa, who go to rallies to attack participants to prevent free speech.
I say we take down all statues and carvings of every kind and be done with all this foolishness, lest we offended anyone by our hero worship
Yes blame white people for everything
Thank God Hillary screwed you out of the presidential race.
Well had the US not had two separate form of government, perhaps we would of had a civil war.
Hillary and Company rigged the primaries against you and you did nothing but comply.
why do celebrate Democrats like Robert Byrd who were grand dragons in the KKK?
Amen mr. Bernie Sanders you tell him!
It really is that simple.
In my view you can ignore the low hanging fruit and get your eye back on the ball.
Then don't support the Democrats ..dummy
Historical statues, did nothing to anyone, and are ARTWORK.I am not a judge, where will it stop? It was a norm in usa, we cant kill. history
STONE MOUNTAIN PARK, NEAR ATL... WILL BE A BEAR TO DESTROY? KILLING MONUMENTS DOESNT CHANGE HISTORY & THEY ARE JUST LOOSERS!?!?!
We also need to remember our dark past.
Dem party steeped in history of racism. We should disband the Dem party!!
You are compleatly right. I don't see how anyone could argue against this point. Thank you Sen. Sanders.
Yes and amen. Why don't us "moderns" get it?
And yet call themselves Christians!
exactly, we should erase all record of him and start tearing down statues just like #ISIS does. Wait....
Everyone in today's military takes an oath to protect against all enemies foreign and domestic
Way to take a brave stand against dead, treasonous pro-slavery bigots. 
Cant say the Civil War was fought over slavery if the winners of the CW committed genocide against Native Americans. #DoubleStandard#JusSayn
In my view, some of the same generals who led victory n the Civil war, led  troops 2 massacre Native Americans years after the CW war ended.
Dare to argue that fact anyone? Still voted for you Bernie.
Crazy old man. Just stop
A good many of mine did in my mother's family. What do I do with that? I find I can't hate them in spite of it.
I mean we're not talking just 1 generation like Germany that condemn now the Nazis. All their answers owned slaves.
Telling people to completely condemn & never celebrate their own ancestors is a big ask. Agree in theory but...
Should we tear down the Pyamids, rumpr has it they were built by slaves. Should will kill Germans, they remind us of Naziies. Get reall .
In my view you are a hypocrite.
Then leave the Democrat Party and stop supporting the killing of tens of millions of unborn black and minority babies, you hypocrite!

Why is that war their only heritage?
