Obamacare is a scam!
Please, Bernie, recycle.
then suggest something - write a bill - get someone on the Floor. DO SOMETHING rather than just tweet.
No "-B" after the tweet means a staffer tweeted it, not him. He is working.
regardless, the sentiment is the same. GET SOMETHING DONE all you in Congress. Don't care which party but get going. Sheesh.
Put Trump out to pasture ....for a start!
What do you know about ordinary Americans ??
politicians who just post what we 'should' do.. and don't follow up are bullshitters..  you're not helping at all.
Senator Sanders has put forth several healthcare bills that would greatly benefit our healthcare system
Well too bad you didn't do that before you voted on Obama care. Oops of course you couldn't they didn't let you read it  Shame on you
Per Senator Sanders, "Tweets ending in -B are from Bernie, and all others are from a staffer." Bernie's FEDERALLY PAID STAFF tweet all day!
It's called messaging, Einstein. Part of their job.
It's called @SenSanders has MIDDLE CLASS AMERICANS paying to tweet all day... Their constant barrage of supposed "Bernie Blather" is absurd!
Sorry, Bernie is a non factor now. Just a tool for the Left to "try" and disrupt Trump. He has NO credibility anymore whatsoever
But I enjoy bantering with his socialist supporters... They don't get that socialism has never worked and never will...
50% taxes can never happen in this country like Canada
But the @SenSanders supporters are crazed that @POTUS plays a round of golf each week and has secret service protection at Trump Tower!!!
I hear ya. They should take a harder look at Sanders, he got rich off of running for Pres last year-cashing in on his success.
Why don t you do something constructive for a change you are a freeloader!
Do u know what's in it Bernie
An admission that ACA sucks. Good start.
You lost Bernie. To Hillary.  Enough old dude.
Recycling. Ever heard of it??

Your all talk! All of you! I just paid a  $50 co-pay for an office visit. Your Obama Care bill SUCKS! Stick that in your pipe & smoke it!
Does your state have expanded Medicaid and are you eligible?
what are you doing with leftover $$$$$ from your failed presidential campaign?
What YOU want is a docile populace helplessly dependent on government so you can have perpetual power over us. That's sick.
Ms
Like ObamaCare?
recycle it, use the new paper to write your medicare for all bill
This bill has 95% chance to become the law on 4th of July,Ironic a nation created to serve "We The People" is beholden to big money now
you mean like how the republicans always worked with the dems right?

oh wait no that never happened
democrats = democracy, democracy = democrats something #Republiklans don't practice obviously
States should do it. Get the FEDS to stop screwing this up. States that want single payer universality should go for it!
True, these people's interest is with the Dark Money
We should take all lifer POLITICIANS, throw them in the garbage, and hire people that will work for the American People instead.
The most honest words about the ACA Bernie has ever spoken.
The free market!!!!!!!
Still carrying water for the Clinton machine i see, Like always money can make a person do a lot for the party of deceitful.
The list of things not covered by the new health care plan is yuge!  So here is what is covered:

Rich

White

Male

Erectile Dysfunction
...including Congress or said different, our representatives that work on the interests of the people who send them in Washington...
Universal heathcare.
You could sell a couple of your houses, and donate the money to a cancer charity. That'd be a start.
Something like most other countries give their citizens. Call it Universal/Single Payer or Medicare 4 all. But do smthg for us not yrselves
@SenSanders  David stockman wrote a great book explaining government failures since real Great Depression chapter on health care has ideas
It's called the FREE MARKET Bernie. You know that voluntary, peaceful exchange you're so terrified of because it makes you irrelevant.
If there's anything our society should have mutual access to its healthcare.  It's more important than any amount of $$$.
Everyone has access to it as long as you can pay for it. I shouldn't have to pay for someone else's healthcare.
News flash, you will no matter what.
Only in a social system that advocates cannibalism as this one does.
That freer countries are wealthier and healthier? Think that's just a coincidence?
Wealth ever since. Look to the capitalist elements of Norway to find the reasons for its wealth, not the parasitic elements.
Sort of immune or allergic to facts, but we can try... I'll read the one author you suggested if you read the twelve I suggested. sansinsult
#SinglePayerNow
#SinglePayerNowOrGiveMeMyNuclearTeddyBearWaitAreYouStillReadingThisLongAssHashtag?
I have NO more respect for Bernie Sanders. He chooses to sit it out while millions suffer w no access under Un-ACA then lies!! #ToxicDems
Sit it out? He's been fighting literally harder than anyone on healthcare. What are you saying?
Doing what? He seems to just critisize and in debate pushed both obamacare & single payer. He has not worked w GOP
30+ yrs in Gov't. Wheres his improvement for US w very diverse views? Trump will work w him but he just bellows from radical left
We need a better solution. We're all going to need healthcare and one bad illness can  bankrupt you no matter how successful you are
We have health care.. it's called go get insurance like everyone else does.
Some can't afford it
The national unemployment rate is 4.2%. Economically, this is a perfect, ample time for anybody to get a job.
Could you afford Obama care and it's penalties?
Nope
Then we shall see what this new bill is proposing. No one has really read it yet...
I won't be able 2 afford it under the new bill either They just need something that everybody can afford not just the elite. #HealthDontCare
Like we should have done with Obamacare
Single payer now.
Because that proven to be so successful....
I believe you want good for the People of the united States, but, I believe you have lost your way in its pursuit.
I hope you feel obligated to help. I mean I think that what you get paid for. Right?
Elections have consequences don't they, Bernie?
@SenSanders We'll be at war with North Korea and China before we get a chance to toss it in the trash and set it on fire. Trust me on that.
Amen
When are you going to leave that GOP lite party?
Bernie its time to retire.
Dems were/are angry that GOP wants to change their signature Law Obamacare which might affect their political chances in future and were...
R U serious man? She not even being investigated anymore. Let it go!
Not for rich elites like you, right Bern?
Bernie Sanders is among the poorest in Senate, I don't know where you've gotten that accusation from
$1,000,000 book deal...durr
Yes, like the free market with no mergers allowed and real competition.
Only progressives have the cajones to do that, Bernie.
Socialist policies don't work
But universal healthcare works!
The federal gov't shouldn't have been involved in healthcare to begin. Then we wouldn't call bills pathetic bc they aren't socialist enough.
Said Comrade Sanders from his 3rd house.
We should take you and throw you in the trash!
Wow, that sure is some biting language, Senator. 

I'm sure my fellow 'ordinary' Americans appreciate your bravery & sacrifice.
Is that all you ever do is complain? You don't seem to do much else, not much of a track record of accomplishment so whine away...
If you really cared about the American people you would stop causing a divide.
OK let's see what ur proposal is. How r u going to fix it right? What's the plan Bernie? Please don't tell America u don't have one!?
If you pulled it back out of the garbage, the end result would still probably be better
Medicare for all. Put insurance companies out of business!!
but what will the rich people do without their $600B?
yes, because just giving everyone an equal amount of healthcare that still fucks people over when they get seriously injured. Gz
Like shut down the government? I agree!
Its not the governments job!
agreed...universal health care...look after ALL your citizens. Like Canada, Norway, Sweden etc...its literally a few bucks a day
Lol dont like it move to another country
Did you like Obama? 
Did you move?
You're talking about the ACA, right?
Throw all government involvement in healthcare in the trash! Healthcare is not a right! Government needs to get out of it!
You are so clueless Bernie.
Yes!!! Repeal Obamacare!!!!

what is your contribution?
Get rid of @NancyPelosi and you sir need to stay a independent progressive. We are sick of the dems and reps. Both are equally bad for us.
So much this!
That coming from the most unordinary American around.
That's why I call it the "Self-imposed Term Limits Bill."
We should do exactly like you and the Dems did to us 2009 pass then read it.
You tell'em Bernie
If its not Universal Healthcare that works ever so epically in the UK and Canada it ain't nothing right? Hey Bernie isn't it nap time?

This is why we ALL need to head to the poles in 2018.
There will be no blue wave. Dems are going to lose even more seats. The party is dying.
Get ready for Republican super majorities. 
Like what @BernieSanders? Haven't seen you come up with anything.
We The People have spoken. We don't want you, we reject you. Hell, even the DNC rejected you!
I agree, along with Obamacare and start over. Affordable Care Act, what a freaking joke!!
Lol.. you mean like you? New summer house, new super car.. who bought you bernie? Russia. .to stir the pot in america?
YOU started this crap. They're believing shit the RUSSIANS put out bc u pumped their heads w so much bullshit! PLZ FIX THIS NOW!!!
Send ALL Your state Republicans your Health bill cause I'm sure they will be willing to pay it in full cause it's soOOo cheap.Problem solved
dirty senator I  z life long democrat and I know it is difficult but lately the dems have done nothing but words do something
FRAUD
Republicans have no soul! Every one that votes for this garbage should be insured with it
About like those that voted for Obamacare were insured with it. 
Bernie, I am still going to vote for you !!
Too bad so many voters enter the booths without realizing that they'll be voting against their best interests! 1% is certainly no majority!
Then why aren't you guys WORKING?????
All we ever hear about is what we "should" do. Stop talking about it and actually do it. Otherwise, save your breath.
Bernie, This is where your misogyny eventually leads. Had you not seen it necessary to wag your finger figuratively & literally....
GET IT DONE!!!!!
Too late. The government is involved now. Health care is a right that people should have to work for.
Why didn't you do that to Obama care.oh! That's righ2t you never read it
Flashback Alert!!!!  Aren't you talking about ObamaCare?!
Everything that Trump and the GOP is complaining about and putting on Obama shoulders was actually inherited from prior governments Reagan
yeah just like we did with you. Minus the working for ordinary Americans part
Your socialist 1 payer system where people would be waiting months for care would be better. Stop regurgitating Friedrich Hegel circa 1800's
The Senate healthcare bill reduces the amount low-income have to pay from nearly 10% under Obamacare to as little as 0% for real insurance.
you Don't have a clue about what's Right, because you're so Wrong! Repent or Perish, Jesus Christ waits on you.
What are you waiting for
Shutup
This Nation needs a Universal or Single Payer Health Care system... How about Health Insurance Reform! Love ya Bern!
Ordinary Americans are hardworking and tired of watching their earnings evaporate. Insurance + pharmaceutical cos need to pay their share.
WHAT-That's exactly what you wanted to do-We Remember- You just as bad even worse cause now u lying about it!
Bernie next president
TIM CANOVA
How about an NHS?
Write your own universal single payer health care bill. Give congress something good to vote on.
Ben sanders is a puppet for George Soros wake up America sanders give fuck about your health care he got ten time better thin Ares.
Time to pull out Bericare.
We should nationalize Taco Bell while we're at it
Hello I'm speaking on behalf of Senator Bernard Sanders and the answer Is Yes.
Why don't you get all your rich buddies help you pay for that. I'm sure they don't mind having all their money taken from them.
I would like to refute but like you I haven't read it so I'll actually reserve judgement until I have. Stop whining and DO SOMETHING SENATOR
Yes we're throwing away #Obamacare which is bankrupt & total mess
If you remember the Democrats had their chance. They blew it!
Instead of  "resisting" try getting all together and come up with a real plan!
Oh yeah!!! Sharing to all group's including PTSD Veteran's,Military!!! 
"Really" then why haven't you fixed while you had the chance, throwing shade does nothing to help
It should be shredded, burned, and flushed down the toilet. 

It belongs in the sewer, along with the people who wrote it.
Can you link us to the bill YOU proposed? #PhonySocialist #LiberalHack #AllTalk
Ordinary working people cant afford obama care i need to quit my job and go on foodcstamps and gov housing so i can get a  cell phone
You must be talking about Obamacare because it doesn't work for ordinary Americans & you know it. Nobody believes you!
Why is it so difficult to provide healthcare. ..........Oh Yea: Greed!
Considering how much you dislike this, I'm sure it's a fantastic bill.  Trump2020
So says the communist loving socialist. I'm sick and tired of paying for other lazy bums looking for free handouts
Thx Mark Pellegrino well said! All Bernie is for is the Gov to control us & everything we do. Nothing is FREE Bernie, just ur beach house!
Hey. Who you callin' ordinary?
Yes we should but what the hell are the dems doing? There has to be something you all can do.
This health care bill is the most UnAmerican thing I have ever seen. The Grand Old Party doesn't have the people's best interest at heart!
Dear Bernie, you're the bottom of the garbage can, enjoy first class juicy aroma.
if u really want to advance leftist positions, form a center party.
Oh my god you suck! Poster boy for #FakeNews
Ya he got played by the DNC now he's their stooge
Bernie you will not be satisfied with any health care bill!
It must suck to be an angry old man with bad hair.
How about Medicare for all, just like other Nations healthcare for all from birth to death no bankruptcy is sick no premature death
Why don't you want to debate it? Do you fear dialogue that much? #AHCA
No, Bernie, let's move forward, ObamaCare is over, dead, ran a muck. Please stop your deep hatred speeches, we the people have spoken, Trump
97o.
The most important thing is reducing the taxes of the higher earners. Remember that they are the most qualified to run our economy.
and burn it to generate energy. put the coal plants back to work burning bullshit (which actually has a higher energy content, but whatevs)
Can you get taken out with the garbage too?
P
Liberal ideas: so good they have to be mandated. I.e.: Obamacare
Single payer. Why can't we just get it over with?
http://www.millionsmarchingformedicare.com  Now will you speak for a few minutes on July 24 on the West Lawn? Timing is CRITICAL!  march4medicare4all@gmail.com
@SenSanders go spend what little time left u have with your wife she's going to prison soon.
Here's an idea: how about you/Warren/Schumer write a Healthcare bill to propose as an alternative?
We have a pretty good one you can try but it needs tax money. Equal to all. 
You mean something like Obamacare - that ruined millions of Americans healthcare plans, and set others up for doom? STHU
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer - the only option. Just like the rest of the modern world.
Like Obamacare, Bernie? You wouldn't know what works if u tripped over it unless of course it was going into you own pocket. Mr 3 home M$$$.
Objective proposals &COOPERATION urgently  need to its not only complaining or expressing negative comments that the Health service improve
I FEEL THE SAME WAY...ABOUT YOU
"Something that will work..."
You mean what you DID didn't work, Bernie?
Thanks for acknowledging ObamaCare redistribution failure.
SAD
TRUMP sucks
...like Hanging tight to the disasterous  Obama hlth care? You are really really disconnected! Who on earth is feeding your ignorance?
We should throw your socialism is the garbage can, we are America health care is to be worked for.
Acknowledge that we could solve the deficit issue by just eliminating tax exempt status for catholic pedo bears and other religions
ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ - tax exempt status = balanced budget
Population control this is how they legally get rid of the "less desirable" that is disgusting and sad all humans deserve healthcare
@SenFeinstein @BeraForCongress @Rendon63rd @SenKamalaHarris Why do we need to look outside the D party for real leadership?!!
Why the hell should government be involved in health care at all? Why not allow people to buy across state lines? More competition less cost
#HealthcareBill  all done dad
U would not know a ordinary American if he was standing right in front of you.
I think you better worry about your wife who's under investigation
So tell us why you didn't do that the FIRST TIME, with Obamacare, huh Bernie?

Maybe the Dems are no better, or...worse?
The solution, as it has been since I did @RepJohnConyers website 11 years ago, is #hr676
