James Hodgkinson is the result of lax gun laws and the desperation caused by the corruption, greed and capitalist control in this country
So he lived for 66 years and did nothing with a gun and it is a gun law issue? Ludicrous! @FoxNews @seanhannity
Being able to fire 100 bullets at politicians in a couple mins is a gun issue
There was literally another shooting in Florida just now - just admit the US has a massive gun problem - no other western country does
On such a huge scale - backwards county glad Europe is now shunning you
You have blood on your hands. You and your own are far more divisive than POTUS will ever be. I was raised in Socialism. I know your kind.

You don't know what the fuck a true Tyrant is... I lived under Castro. So, shut up with your nonsense please. Thanks!
If you think a Shakespeare play is incitement to violence and that tweet isn't, you are absolutely deluded by hatred for the left.
Oh! And the only ones proving themselves hateful are you lefties.
Sorry sorry I'll send all my thoughts and prayers over ASAP because we know how well those solve gun violence.
I bet you think more guns would have kept this from happening - the Epitome of a true brainwashed conservative.
Maybe true but now everyone can do something on gun control? Step up GOP @GOP
we ain't got a gun problem we have a Democrat problem
Fuck yeah
The GOP, who are pro 2nd Amendment, even for the mentally ill, are outraged when someone actually uses a gun, esp. against one of their own.
He lived for 66 years so when did he become mentally unstable? I believe when Left MSM and Libs spread their hate! @FoxNews @seanhannity

It's sad Sanders was more impassioned when grilling T's deputy OMB pick than when condemning attempted murder.
Words matter Senator and you've been yelling #RESIST for the last 6 months.
Would have been nice if you'd reined some of your supporters in during the primaries "in the strongest possible terms".
Would be nice if you could show an example of how he didn't because he did
And reign them in from what exactly?
You should have done more from the start to control the violence from your supporters.

Your speeches are hate filled towards Republicans, you have this blood on your hands!
Will he be arrested for incitement>
What incitement? Move along
The left have been calling for violence 4 a long time. Now they/u have blood. Shame on u and your's
You aren't use to living in the information era are you? Give PROOF. You can't just assert things anymore.
I would say 1st hand knowledge/experience should count. I leave false assertions 2 the left. Personally I'm in2 facts ONLY. Try it
.@cspan @SenSanders you don't get to condemn the action & try to make sure the shooter and others like him can have a gun. Choose one.
If* phone auto correct kicking my ass
.@H4idenRS @cspan @SenSanders I figured. But you don't get to vote for gun ownership & then complain about the consequence.
Gun ownership is a constitutional right. You can always complain about people abusing or breaking the law. Not like he promoted it.
That's like saying anyone who approved drivers licensing legislation is at fault for any vehicular manslaughter or murder with a car.
.@H4idenRS @cspan @SenSanders the 2a doesn't have anything to do with EASE of access. That's the fundamental question.
Sure and that's what needs to change. But you still can't force people to NOT make those kind of decisions. You can punish.
What do you think people were going to assume "Stop Trump at all costs" or "Bring him down" was supposed to mean? 
This is on YOU, Senator.
Trump wasn't there... Trump only repeatedly tried to invite violence at his own rally's.
Missing the point. Pointing fingers at either party is what led to this. Media rubbing elbows with the Left, in particular.
You also seem to hold people you agree with and people you don't to different ethical standards.
How so? How many people waited for suspect's motive prior to seeing his Facebook page? First blame whites, then blame guns.
I personally like guns I keep a Rugar .38 in my bedroom. But I don't think people with mental health issues should have them
Define "mental health issues". And what does that have to do with this?
many times we find out mass shooters suffered from psychosis, schizophrenia or bipolar disorder.
So prevent future violence with good healthcare, respect, & kindness towards people! American society is breeding psychotic angry citizens!
this is madness also; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzrE_CDf5y8 …
cover this 24/7
Rubes are  believe the guy that took the WH the con man from NYC the art of the deal is using somebody else's money now it's ours
This is the time for better mental health care & better gun laws. He violently abused his wife and daughter, didn't go to jail bought a gun.
no excuse you promoted actions against Republicans and you got one from your fanatic supporter, are you proud now? just quit the politics!!!
That's how a real leader speaks 
This administration contiues to fester hate among its citizens and around the world.  Everyone is affected.
You shouldn't even have to… Anyone with a brain would know the man has mental illness and was given a gun. Not your fault.
people been asking who has this person on their fb f-list and not finding anyone...

Too little too late
We really need health care. Mental health must be funded. We are becoming an open air looney bin
Bernie's lies/rants yield violence. Bernie #1 lie Rich don't pay fair taxes.The top 1% have 17% of the income but pay 46% of fed income tax!
what a surprise the local HACK retweets the man that has said NOTHING when his supporters were rioting, looting and throwing PISS at people
DNC & CPUSA have a shared message of Hate & Resist, now they are surprised by the violence they are spawning. PLEASE, violence is part of it
63% of state budgets are dictated by Fed govt. All we want is a return to states rights and limited Fed govt  Your Marxist rhetoric is toxic
You call folks who want the Constitution to take front and center as "Right wing extremists". Falsely accuse the right of "taking away".
Can't have it both ways Bernie. You and your supporters have excused violence, refused to condemn attacks on free speech, but now u condemn?
makes so mad. Didn't go in2 who other domestic terrorist voted 4   prob Trump.  Very biased
Crank up the rhetoric some nut case will crank up that action
Condemn this too:

https://heatst.com/politics/former-burlington-college-president-accuses-bernie-sanders-wife-of-nepotism/ …
Well it is his fault along with all the hateful Dems & kamesyrram media! Stop your violence & tell Soros as well.#RedNationRising
If income inequality keeps growing due to neoliberalism and conservativeness GOP can expect more violence
Bernie, last week--"I know you're angry. Take your anger out on the right people."

Hodgkinson listened. What did you think would happen?
your supporters are still disgraceful. They attacked people during the campaign, now they shoot them because they lost
Guns do NOT kill, People kill..period
After all you have publically said now you Cobden this action taken? Be aware words can kill!
Condemn the actions that happen today
Love Bernie!
Spoken like a LEGITIMATE President
Oh sure... you condemn it now that you should be charged for inciting violence and murder! Dirty old hypocrite!
Mad Maxine Waters and silly paranoiac Nancy Pelosi says lead to this kind of actions
#NeverDJTHRC #NotMeUs #ForTheMany—#Shooting cause/effect? #Inequality Anarchy & Austerity—Why London Won't Be Last
I'm angry that guy thinks he reps you, @SenSanders.  I KNOW YOU STAND FOR NONVIOLENT CHANGE.
Bernie-ask self what in your messages resonated with the nutjob & ask if ur message only appeals to the illogical & irrational? Ah-yup!
I'm waiting for Alex Jones to come out & declare the shooting a hoax by anti-gun nuts... no? Guess that's only when children are shot.
Can not be accountable for the crazies
You damn well better. 
Now, Show your taxes. Pay some DNC dues. Explain Old Towne Media LLC. #HUMBLEYOURSELF
Wacko Commie was Bernie supporter...
This man lies is a dangerous man
This is what Bernie and Hillary wanted! Their resist movement is insane! Lock them up! Insurgents and a threat tosecurity
So obstruction of justice just means nothing to you does it, rape charges? Sexual assault? Voters fraud? Ok whatever
This guy should be the biggest democrat hater for what they did to him, n calling for investigations into voter fraud from dnc not russia
Pretty crummy for press to tie the shooter to you, Senator Sanders.
May Recoveries bring Healing & Reflection for Preventative Policies #SinglePayer #IncomeEquality Guns Do Kill People
Horseshit. He just promoted violence the other day! Blood on your hands, Bernie.
Right, your sorry it wasn't a deplorable to get you points for the next election. Your a Socialist, please go to a Socialist Country not USA
There is no way you can be responsible for all of your followers. Bernie is one guy who pulls respect from both sides. He is always honest
Don't lie. Deep down, all of you liberal parasites are smiling at this atrocity.
happy birthday pres trump
Extremist are extremist.  This could have as easily been waged at Democrats.  We all must come together as one nation for all people.
Unfortunately, this is the result of the spirit of confrontación that the people see in the Congress. That instigare today's violence. Pray
You or other #Democrats should buy my #Domain http://www.ebay.com/itm/282520258295 … to talk about their #feelings about #TRUMP #ebay #Retweet #RT
how long ago did you tell your people to take down Trump? how proud you must be.
Trump effect.
What a weirdo - nothing to do with you
Bernie Sanders wants an America of slaves, who labor for their basic needs and nothing else and he wants to be the one in charge.
You need to shut up and sit down. 
It's too late for this virtuous posturing. You are too late, you fool.
I wonder after researching we will find a slow burning fuse w/ family issues& no job blowing up suddenly. A detestable act. Not Berns bag.
liar, you stand and speak as the culprit. Get out of our office this is all your fault. Don't u dare speak like you care
Bloody Bernie just encourages such actions with lies and hate. Terrorists plain and simple
What does Bernie's call for revolution mean? Violence & murder! His fans take notice!
Sanders and other hate and poison spewing leftist are responsible for this brutal assault. How far you leftist can go?
Taxing the rich isn't a good solution just like cutting social programs to expand military isn't a good solution. There must a better way!
non violence is a given except for Trump supporters. Trump supporters will violate all rights b/c that's what Trump does
If you can't beat them, shoot them, the NEW improved Democrats, there not so anti gun after all
keep at them Mr Sanders.
Bernie sows the hate and his tribe does the shooting , disgusting at a level so so hideous
There is more than one person in the room right? I could imagine ya giving speaches in empty rooms... That's Just me tho. 
against our president? Get rid of Mueller and I'll believe you.
Too little too late Bernie. You should've thought about before u had been inciting people for the last year. What about the fake accusations
@RogerJStonejr & DT are a danger to all. Both are in need of psychiatric evaluations & long-term Mental Health services. @cspan @SenSanders
How many mansions can you live in at one time, fool?
you made it plain you hate GOD . One day, He will send you to Hell. Fool.
Hopefully bernies sanders don't receive the blame for bein independent & forced to run as a candidate on left
Your supporters are terrorists
Make that very angey
I don't see why this shooting has cone as a surprise to anyone.  The GOP are out to ruin us and our country.   People are angry and scared.
Resistance
Bernie for president 2020!!!
The blood of these public servants is on YOUR hands Bernie. You caused this and everyone like you. Stop the hateful rhetoric! SHAME!
Please control your animals , Bernie !
Thank you Bernie. He was NOT one of us.
Violence leads to Violence....some people are just angry. We need to plant the seeds of humanity and Compassion the way President Obama did
Too late Bernie!  This lies at the feet of EVERY Democrat.  You have done nothing but promote resistance.  You are NOT Americans!
This was an a coup de tat attempt to upset the balance of congress as mandated by the voters of this nation. Shame on you liberals!
How can you "condemn" what you've openly pushed?  His actions are direct result of your hatred toward Trump.
When will the LEFT stop the hate? Creating this kind of propaganda will be the demise of mankind!
No he doesn't, he just doesn't want the blame for it.
Paying violent protesters is not much different there Bernie
Maybe it's rhetoric like this that you know is a LIE
I don't believe up Bernie. U, Maxine Waters & all the hateful & Godless libs r behind this. Unless get people stirred up
Didn't your last President " Obama " say " If they bring a knife we bring a gun " ? But damm man your supporters are bringing & using both !
lol, boy that's really sticking your neck out there Bernie. Way to take a stand.
You are a liar!!!
Democrat party needs to kick you n ur supporters out go make your own party you got a bunch of thugs following you what's that say about you
Barney ur supporters have been doing this for 2 years now! U kept calling for Trump to calm his people down when it was your people rioting
Hatred perpetual motion do to Trump & GOP The People R Tired of BS #CorruptedGovernment #NWO Eat The Rich #WeWillNotBeSlaves 1%
You're trying to FIX the fence AFTER the cows have run away.Thanks for ruining my #delray neighborhood.
Dis is wat constant angry rhetoric creates. Only thing uve bin doin is sowin more anger, dis isnt bein a leader.
Reps & Dems gettin threats.
U rail against Dems insted of tryin 2 UNIFY. U can tell ur truth w/out animosity. Dis is wat constant angry rhetoric creates. U dnt know dif
Let's unify behind Bernie. He's only the most popular politician in the country.
Liar!
I don't blame Bernie.  I blame CNN, MSNBC and the mainstream media for filling peoples heads full of lies.  But it was good 4 their ratings.
BS and his supporters are terrorists and incite violence,  thanks bernie sanders
Bernie is a good man, and not responsible for this individual. To say otherwise is to take advantage of this tragedy for a political attack.
Good man fast and without wiggle room... 
Same violence as Oregon right wing crazy.only Rs think the solution is more guns.and it took @realDonaldTrump days to condemn w mild words
You can condemn this action, but as long as you & the Dems try to discredit our Constitutionally elected @POTUS then you are guilty as well.
Constantly stirring up resentment with your rhetoric is inevitably going to incite violence.

Where is your condemnation of the Neo Brown Shirts groups like ANTIFA or BAMN and their violent protests? #neobrownshirt #berkeleynacht
Another Bernie supporter is a violent animal. Shocker. Angry, agnostic, hypocritical Bernie takes no responsibility. His statement was BS.
Preach it burn
Well it very sad day when people take their hate to another level.
See @realDonaldTrump this is how you respond when your supporters commit crimes. Not ignore it.
Now all the hate U guyz have spewed for Trump and us Repubs..now you have them primed to kill us!
Another Bernie nut case! Somehow I'm not surprised!
Let me just state that if you were a Sanders supporter, this type of violence goes against EVERYTHING Sanders was about.
This hurts us.
Yet, he wasn't sickened over physical attacks at multiple events on Trump supporters by his violent supporters during 2016 campaign.
Your left wing  inflammatory fake news is what fuels these acts of violence, New York Time, MSN are all responsible
Look what you, Warren, Pelosi and all the other "Hate Mongers" have fostered. Liberals support plays in Central Park where the ...
What else is he going to say ?
THIS is the type of trash BERNIE DRAWS IN !!
Bernie is a racist bigot who hates Christians! But since Bernie's a jew, he has shown unwavering support for Israel.
You Schumer,Clinton, Obama, Pelosi,Schiff and Waters begged for this. Encouraged it. God forbid there is a civil war. You lose.@SenateGOP
Love you Bernie!
Bernie Sanders has encouraged, and condoned his supporters to be violent for months. Stop the Hate!
We condemn you and lynch, Clinton, Pelosi, schumer spewing hatred towards OUR elected PRESIDENT! RESIST SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Words matter Bernie, you stoned kibutznik. Stop advocating "revolution". Revolution is violence against govt. Stop it!
This is all part of the #resist campaign right?
.@cspan I see .@SenSanders gave his BS stump denial speech again. Will he do anything else or go back to turning a blind eye as normal?
I believe him. I do think he should speak out more about vitriol on his own side.
We r w/u Bernie. JH was obviously disturbed &not by anything U advocate for. Most of us are aggravated... period. But that man lost his mind
More lefty violence. So sad.
"I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms, wink wink". Sure you do Col. Sanders.
