I would be one of those people. I can't spend my life living in pain. I'd rather not live if that's the case....Sad to say
@BillySchnabel, don't let Bernie make you believe there won't be answers. It's all doom and gloom with these folks.  It will get better!
There may be no answer. Americans just voted two Republicans into office. Makes me sick to my stomach.
This from the party who told us we could find out what was in #Obamacare AFTER they passed it. #frauds all of you. #TermLimits U all suck.
Obamacare had Senate hearings for over 100days & 161 amendments made by Republicans. I'm blown away how uneducated people are on the facts
I'm sure next you'll tell us all how wonderfully #Obamacare is working. #sheep #drinkthekoolaid #believeland #TermLimits
It's working in the states that aren't run by retards. The welfare red states are the ones that are having the problems. Like always.
Of course blue states like the one you live in are great, as long working folk like yourself continue to pay for the deadbeats.
Perhaps you should tell your disciples to shoot them...
BERNARD YOU ARE A LIAR AND AN OLD FOOL. YOU GOT SCREWED BY HILLARY.  THE DEMS ARE DONE.  STOP WIRH THE SCARE TACTICS.

Wish you would have won the election for President Bernie. You would inherit a mess but I hope you will consider running again in 4 years
To hurt the people you are supposed to represent"
Made up statistics
OBSTRUCTION - Have not a decent idea to bring forward in many years. What a sad group. You Democrats shouild be ashamed or yourselves.
How can you oppose the bill you haven't even read the final version of yet. You're playing politics as usual and we Americans are sick of it
We wouldn't be in this situation if you had conceded defeat months before you did and not poisoned your supporters. Shame on you shut up
How many will "lose" their insurance because they are no longer FORCED to buy it. You Bernie followers are dopes. No other suitable word.
Let's hear your ideas on how to fix this problem, Bernie - don't just obstruct, help to find the solution. So you have a plan?
Single-payer health plan that's what we need in America I will help avoid a lot of bankruptcies and suicides
Govt has no business in health care, outside of some regulating and control of pharma. Problems worsened quickly when they got involved.
Also, many mergers of major pharma buying up thier competition-Pfizer, Teva -drives up costs and eliminates jobs. Why allow these mergers?
obamacare threw 60M out of coverage for 20M-DO THE MATH! @TEN_GOP @potus
If I had a say in it I would designate 1 oil rig to give free health care and government help to all of us  Americans
You could have stopped it last year by not telling your supporters that "both sides were the same."
Couldn't agree more @kaatskillz . But here we are. So, Bernie, what are your top five strategies for defeating the AHCA?
Better yet, what is your idea for fixing it or Obama care? Haven't heard 1 suggestion.
Single payer for all is what Sanders has suggested
Yes, and you need to do everything you can to stop Democrats from helping them, too. End the #RussiaGate nonsense, *now*.
#russiagate #ComeyTestimony #SessionsTestimony #followthemoney
Idk why you keep throwing around this magic 23 mil. Number when it's already been proven false.
Show prof pls
And I think you meant, "proof"
Yes sorry
Perhaps wait until Thursday and see what the Senate bill is rather than fear mongering and doomsday prophecy.
Where were you when Obama threw 30 million off of their health insurance? #hypocrisy
If anyone thinks the republicans care about their constituents, think again!
What are your facts to back that up?
West Virginia has one of the highest rates of poverty and percent of elderly in the country. Cuts in Medicaid will be disastrous for us
Why condem Republicans why didn't u fix Obamacare when Obama was President face it you should repeal yourself leave office
Please help us! We don't know what they're doing or anything about this bill. They refuse to talk to media and are acting like dictators!
Again, a lie!
If this happens - if these folks vote they will remember who is responsible for taking away there health care rights
You & your fellow dimwitted Dems shld have thought about the '23 million' when you passed the disasterous Obamacare which caused the problem
This is vague at best... does that 23 million go directly to the Clinton's or does it get distributed equally amongst their constituents?
More calls from radical leftist senator for violence
Obamacare had 29 m not included, but Obama did exempt ALL MUSLIMS from HR3962 while he locked out Repubs from input on billl. Dems own Ocare
Free us from the chains of Obamacare and the thousands of other bits of legislation that's killed healthcare over last 70 years.
18 million were thrown off their better plans by the #ACA why do you lie about the #facts ?
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @MaxineWaters  How many are off Healthcare now?
You are so right Senator Sanders!
Hey Bernie can I get a ride in your R8 super car? Dude you have expensive tastes for a socialist!
We could have even voted Clinton....
You helped put Dump in office and are still aiding GOP. Get the hell off the podium and do your F****** job for a change.
We must do everything we can to stop the Democrats from preventing single payer, that will insure all citizens.
Only 12-13 million have ACA insurance.  How can they "throw 23 million" off.  Bernie is just making stuff up.
Why Obama made sure all the young people would opt out of the Obama care with hes little resist tax that's why these companies are out#truth
What about the tens of millions that can't afford your precious Obamacare?
How come bernie you guys never mention the other half of the story,like how people are suffering on Obama care
I love all the stupid childish mentality Republican, bad Dem good. Or Visa versa. Morons.
All they are doing is the same tactic the Dems used when they passed ACÁ.
A compromise?
http://www.millionsmarchingformedicare.com   A grassroots effort of two seniors, determined to bring it to the nation. #SinglePayer #StillSanders. Please come!!
I have a family member who LOVES DT, regardless of his son needing Medicaid for type 1 diabetes. They really have no clue what's happening.
We the people feel helpless about it all. It would take 30% of my total income to purchase a decent health care plan.  So I have none....:(
Five times that number is already losing their health insurance, thanks to the total collapse of Obamacare, which YOU PASSED !!
We got you Bernie, thanks for your patriotism and respect. 
Theres not even 23 million on OC..What about us working people that lost our HC because of OC?
Gee these Dumb Asses could have given US Bernie Care Instead of Insurance Lobby windfall Known laughingly as Obamacare
All bullshit  no one has died let's get about 500 dead then we can talk
Start with getting Schumer to shut up.
Single payer Bernie
you are lying Bernie and you know it, you should be removed from office
You understand by saying "throwing 23M off heath insurance"you aren't being truthful
If the poor lose healthcare millions will not vote for Trump and Republican senators in 2020.  They may not have money but they have a vote!
Republican senators need 2 let everyone know what is in their health care bill b4 any vote.
They don't give a damn
Thank you Mr.  Sanders!
Fake news
Let's have politicians go on same plans we have available. No special plans for politicians! What about it BURNie?
OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
Why do people elect politicians that vote against their own interests?
you go, Dems!
yeah, especially since #Obamacare has already thrown so many off already...
Write a CHECK Bernard. Get the CLINTONS to kick in .. problem solved. Oh, THE quiet one, BARACK, should also kick in a few bucks
then put in the money yourself rich boy
We need #SinglePayer or #MedicareForAll Bernie
Tens of millions of "we" say "no thanks!" Now what?  Boots to their necks for compliance?
#Senator do you & others have a plan to fix the ACA#Finding fault w Republican bill w no plan to fix it is what they did to ACA
I think "A" location.
We must do everything that we can to keep you out of the Democratic Party
We're behind you a thousand percent
In accurate, and inflammable rhetoric from you and @SenSchumer You should be contributing ideas to fix the problems with ACA.
You can write a check any time, Bernie. I have not seen one yet, vacation home purchase only.
Disgusting abuse of Republican power should be taken to US Supreme Court.
and add the rest of everyone else
Millions will have nothing next year due to a terrible plan where the insurance company is leaving the areas. Vote for something!
most need to get a job and pay for their own insurance Democrats please stop  we can't afford more freeloaders
Is this administration going to throw people in the garbage like they ARE garbage ? How can this even be humanely possible ? I'm scared..
please stop  free free free stuff
Senators can reject it & we the people can stand at the doors protesting
Pandemics are coming! Maybe this is part of their plan. Maybe a conspiracy theory to start on youtube.
Beats me how any human being would want to deprive sick people of help and care. Inhumane
I SAY NO TO HEALTHCARE REPEAL!!
Careful Bernie, your words tend to turn people violent!
When you threw 30 million off by passing Obamacare, you didn't care...?
no matter if they come up with the cadillac of insurance plans you & rest of Dems will find fault, get together & work together what ur pd 4
10's of millions of people cannot afford Obamacare, few carriers left in exchange, no ones throwing anyone off they are losing it
stop their madness!!!
Let it go people Obamacare has no place in this country.
When Muller gets close the odds are 6 to 1 he'll be fired!!!!
You must do everything you can do to keep your followers from shooting at Republicans.
You didn't help.
Where are you getting your figures
Plenty of ex military who can shoot a weapon are not going to get the mental health support they need, not good for reps.
You mean like the 31 million  plus, who lost insurance under OdumboCare?
Dishonest alarmist.  No one is throwing anyone anywhere.
You need to choose a side and stop dividing the @TheDemocrats If you are not the answer then you are the problem!
Republicans are back door men
Take them to court 13 white men in a room most from the South do not represent our Country TAKE THEM TO COURT
Awesome. Senate must be making significant progress on repeal if the resistance is in full propaganda mode!
You know that's not true you are a liar!!
Liars. When obamacare was debated the dems claimed around 50 million without insurance. Obamacare only covered around 20 million.do the math
That is not in the final plan, but you know that.  You use fear of unknown to hide the facts of the millions who are uninsured by Obamacare
We need people like you to fight for us.
Just more liberal hate bating from a Socialist.
You should do everything to keep your supporters from attempted murder and assassination. Maybe you lose some credibility when they do that
Where were you when Obama Care was being passed, partisan much?
All non-Repubs should be #MedicareForAll and if not, vote them out!
damb oil lord's
Give up Obamacare is dead.
Dems put 23 million on obama entitled health care. Now republicans can fix it
Of the 11+ million on ACA, how can 23 million of them lose their Healthcare. That's some odd math, Lordy!!!
Why must we stop them? Yes this will affect my family. But the red states will hurt so much more than mine. Let them reap what they sow.
Stop you're making your self to be a liar you have no idea what the bill even says or does. You sold us ACA now sit back and stop the lies!
We must do everything we can to get rid ofnyou
Can we throw you out
Dems MUST inform all of #GOP secrecy & the damage they're doing to our healthcare! People MUST let GOP know NO #Trumpcare #AHCAKills #Resist
Everyone in the world should get healthcare it should be a human right I probably wouldn't b around much longer if not 4 OHIP in Ontario.
The proper nickname for this should not be Trumpcare but '51 Votes' as that is the only goal in the mind of those irresponsible GOP Senators
The people should had done more 4 themselves by not voting ruthless @realDonaldTrump as fake pres @GOP @TheDemocrats-
Keep spreading your HATE and the people will wakeup to it eventually I hope
@CiaraRenee8 yes you can stop
we must do everything we can do to stop the dems from taxing the middle class n2 oblivion STOP the giveaway of our 
Thank you!
yeah. Let's keep fining people for not having insurance they can't afford. Makes since
Even Trump said it wasn't good-mean. Republicans need to quit hiding and allow us to know what we are giving up for wealthiest tax cuts
Cause there won't be a penalty for not having it.  People will have the freedom to make their own decision to have or not to have healthcare
Bernie Sanders Shame on you, Lying like this you know that the number of people losing heath care is ONLY cause they will drop it.
And protect us from going back to the days of denials and inflated prices due to caps & pre-existing conditions.
YES
There are not 23 mil on Obamacare liar and it's failing! Coverage so bad or nonexistent people opted for the penalty vs coverage.
Well if they do it, then they are committing political suicide while making their own constituents suffer!!
NOT making America great again
Thank You Berne Sanders
Lmao for what?
Give em hell Bernie. Streak if you have to #healthcare
Let's start by getting trump and his cabinet out!
@SenSanders the gvnmnt needs to stay out of our HC before yinz screw it up anymore!
IF THE DEMOCRAPS WOULD TAKE No PAY FOR THE NEXT 20 YEARS THAT WOULD SOLVE A LOT OF HEALTH CARE ISSUES.
Amend bill to link Congress's tax payer funded health insurance to percent of UNINSURED. This should incl current and former members too.
Term Limits!!!!
I don't understand, if a new govt just comes in and undoes everything the last one did then when does your country ever move forward?
It doesn't. If this is undone then the next admin will just come in and undue that. Then we start again.
It seems like America needs a whole system overhaul
And by the way you washed up old man the taxpayers will make Washington have the same insurance.
There is no taxation without representation the GOP is violating that right bu not allowing my representative to work on healthcare bill.
Anyway you washed up old man my healthcare is $3,200 a month +$15,660 deductible this will help me.
You said we must do everything your buddy last week took that literally!!
Like having more of your peeps shooting more Republicans??
But your other tweet says they won't let anyone see what's in the bill.
The GOP secretly working on healthcare behind closed doors, is a violation to my right to representation that I vote for & my right to vote
What about starting another war in Syria?
Oh please stop with the drama and lies.
Bernie, This is such Bull, No one wants anyone thrown off,  People are being thrown off NOW, WE CANNOT AFFORD IT , STOP ROBBING & LYING
Currently nobody has health care due to because of you jamming this down our throats w no support. No coverage & unaffordable premiums. THX
But plenty of people have working healthcare. Don't know how you missed it.
Not for those who actually pay for it.  U must've missed it. Deductibles @ 10K deems ur coverage unusable unless  attacked by a great white
There you go again asking your followers to kill and harm other Americans. You should be in jail!!!
Why would you ally yourself to Sen. Warren who lied about being Native American on her college application stealing someone...
So?
Not even Republicans. A small group of old white conservative men.
Yup... just like you guys tried to stop Obama from tossing folks off their health insurance. #byebyeBernie
Please call your reps
Are health insurance and health care synonymous in your mind? How much has health care improved since the ACA? #RealQuestion
