And now you're a wealthy socialist with 3 houses; ain't the USA great!!!???!!!
Worry about Brasil darling
He could be moving on women like a bitch and playing golf every weekend.
That's a funny image to conjure up.
Hysterical when Don does it. Bernie doesn't need a golf cart to get around.
No, he prefers his luxury cars as all champagne socialists do
He can still walk and isn't obese and miserable.
But Bernie thinks he knows best what to do with your money and in return, you get food stamps. Sweet deal, huh?
And... free education, and free healthcare and many other rights citizens should be ensured in a modern society - so, not a bad deal 
What is this "Free" you leftists love to speak of? I think you should temporarily move to Venezuela to experience Bernie's plan first hand.
No former Eastern block country that has lived under Bernie's failed ideology is willing to ever again embrace your collective delusion.
None of these post-national ideas ever work. Not since inception, in any country have the worked. They all look good on paper but never work
They did and do work! I've lived there, so know first hand! Capitalism (free market) doesn't have 2 mean lack of social solidarity & justice
Not having a job til you were 41 probably did not help that much.
Thats incorrect he's worked a number of jobs while attending college and leading protests. Before he became mayor in 1981.
2 weeks as a carpenter's assistant.
3 Weeks as an assistant to a dodgy psychiatrist
A couple of other short term odd jobs he quit in days
And what was your first job cashier of McDonald's?Have you been mayor of anything? No. Maybe you shouldn't hate on people that achieve more
No. But why are you shitting on cashiers at McDonalds? Are you saying it is shameful to work minimum wage? Champagne Socialist! 
Haha I get it now you're just a troll.  My bad wasting so much time on you. Peace out dude hope your life gets better...
Same to you Justin. Good luck with your 7 followers.
You just got a $795,000 royalty on a book, added to all the other money on your annual disclosure puts you in the 1%.
You do now you hypocrite. Lose any mikes lately.
Until now, you a multi millionaire, are you going to rail against yourself.
Such a hypocrite!
...and now you have 3 homes and a 200k Audi sports car on a Senators salary. I don't understand?
Perhaps his wife makes money? Holy shit a couple where BOTH people work!!!
His wife makes money by perpetuating loan fraud #FBIJane
Bernies still refuses to release most financial info & taxes but we now know his book sale profit! $1 MILLION in '16
Bernie made over $1 MILLION in '16 not including Janes pay for his campaign, which they refuse to disclose #1%Bernie https://m.sevendaysvt.com/OffMessage/archives/2017/06/04/walters-bernie-sanders-made-more-than-1-million-in-2016 …
And? Oooh, he's got $1 million dollars! He earned it. He works tirelessly for the lower & middle classes. Trying to raise us up.
 you'll make any excuse for this fraud
You're not one of us. You're a fraud
Bernie Sanders is an American Hero.
Chavez was a Venezuelan hero, Mao was a Chinese hero etc etc etc
Hitler was a German hero
Stalin was a Russian hero murdered his own people for having different political views. Same for Lenin Trotsky Fidel Mao
Im aware of their history. Hitler discredited the media as well
No he used the Media brilliantly to push his National Socialism
Any candidate can open his/her mouth and say outrageous things. I wouldn't call it brilliant
Never forget that capitalism got you to where you are today, you Sosialist B!
Hey Wayne, what is wrong about a wealthy person trying to make sure the poor have a chance to not only survive, but thrive?
Absolutely nothing wrong with that. They should be given the opportunity to go to school and get a decent job like everyone else.
Agree.  And he did.  And he is successful.  So what's the rub?
well, you do now, now you're one of those rich guys you hate so much.
Why don't you let some mooselem refugees stay in a couple of your homes. You surely can't be in all 3 at once. Share some of your $1mil
Hypocrisy = Bernie, don't understand why people can't see that Bernie only cares about his personal bottom line!  He's stealing your $$$$
Well, you can at least look at his tax return and see. Unlike that other asshat.
@SenSanders, So? Are you the only one that grew up in bleak surroundings?
You sold your soul to Hillary and the Dem Party.
No he didn't. He was trying to prevent the trump presidency from happening.
How's it going so far? LOL!
So you decided to get in politics & get rich off our taxes.  Nice story
Bernie Sanders is such a genuine person.  He makes me proud.
Hey Bernie
Thank you for remembering us through your memories. We appreciate politicians that are connected with their communities + fight for us.
I grew up in the Flatbush of East LA and I concur with Bernie. We need a political revolution. Peaceful but wholly by and for people.
Still hallucinating are you?
Please run in 2020.
Yes please run again please the Republicans would love to finally run against a real socialist openly espousing Communist ideals
good idea, do you have a GOP candidate that should run?
Nicki Haley?
huh, interesting. I do not know much about her except that she was the Gov of SC and an ambassador to the UN.
Former Trump basher. I admire someone willing to work those who they disagreed with and work courageously for America.
Oh lord are you welfare raised that's why you supporting free stuff because of your up bring
You must have married out of your league
And now you have thee homes and dont pay your fair share in taxes? #TheAmericanDream
Bernie gets it
Like Sanders, many of the families around ours in Bay Ridge lived in dignity with little funds in small rent controlled apartments.
and now you have three houses and you're the old communist pervert uncle that scares people. #goaway
Good for you.  My mom used to cry as she walked home from the community center with surplus cheese, flour, sugar, and butter.
But you just bought an expensive summer home.  Tell us how you could afford tha????
I thought white people didn't know what it's like to be poor though?
Now look at ya. Mansions.....
3 houses on a public servants salary? Something smells fishy..
@HashtagTeamChan OG
Shows how ignorant and lazy you are!
And you didn't get a job until 40?
You do know what it's like to be poor.
Mr @EmmanuelMacron formed a party less than a year ago. Why don't you do the same if you trust in American people & in your message ??@cnni
but now you are rich and a politician
TY Bernie S, for all your hard work, dedication & determination. You're the voice of real America, that wants all 2 thrive,not just survive!
similar goes for millions of other ppl of your generation - incl my parents. What's your point, Bernie?
Now look at ya! No real job in your life, livin' off our tax money, with 3 houses, part of the 1% pretending you're not. Must be hard
@iunderachieve @Issa_GOLD @MeechIsDEAD @erickarcelliott &@ZOMBIEJuicee
...no we never had much money, we barely made enough to survive, but when I got up on stage and demanded more pay, people came alive #Boston
Love this..
What a Grave Unforgivable Crime @HillaryClinton @DWStweets @DNC committed by preventing the American people from making this man President!
I respect you and I voted for u
This man NEEDS to be President!
And now you own 3 houses that you didn't work or pay for! Dirty filthy hypocrite
You are the man, Bernie! Keep pushing the message.
Thanks Bernie

Geez Bernie... You always move me to tears
But you certainly have money now isn't capitalism great #SocialismSucks
so how do you explain having 3 homes?
Bernie- Thank you for all you do for the little people, we the people love you.Bernie and Sen. Warren in 2020? That's if we SURVIVE trump
Ok I guess now Bernie is pulling out his sympathy card to try and be relevant! 
Can I have your tax rate, comrade?
Then you lived off the government until you became a Senator that still lives off the money that Hard-Working Americans earn.
Your an awesome humble man Bernie 
I guess supporting a squatter colony in the Middle East give you perks. You position is as shameful as Trumps.
And now after running for president and supporting Hillary you have a house.  Congratulations
And you've never had a real job, just a tax payer leech. And now you own 3 houses. Well done comrade!
wow, 3 bedrooms to 3 houses! #manofthepeople
But the Socialist has 3 houses now. Why can't you practice what you preach? Have ONE 3 bedroom house, share the wealth and save the planet
Well you sure made up for it. 3 mansions. Gifted a race car from DNC when you dropped out, never done a thing in the Senate but get $$$ 4u
Yeah but money went further in the 1700s..
Neither did we. Democrats are too busy increasing my taxes for pet programs that do nothing to help anyone except themselves.
Thank you Bernie for your work. 

NOW FORM A NEW PROGRESSIVES PARTY ASK FOR DEMOCRATS TO JOIN. THEY WILL ALONG WITH MILLIONS MORE
then Trump started hiring thugs to push low income families out of buildings he purchased.
Yeah, and you never have held a real job, either.
Withdrawn!!! Now that is an American President who represents American Values.
And now you have 3 homes with one on the beach. #MAGA
Well you do now 
So Cut the Shit. ..
i come from flatbush
Quentin rd and ave p
You can't even touch the rent in these neighborhoods anymore. They average $2500 a month.
Gawdamn he a zombie?? @MeechIsDEAD @erickarcelliott @ZOMBIEJuicee
@martin_jarno @ArthurDeJaeger  Flatbush omg , die bernie is zoo baas
Huh
Ah wow
So that's why you took Hillary's money
And that's why U conceded to a rich lady named Hillary Clinton... History will never forgive U.
...until you went into government and then somehow acquired 3 houses and a bitchin' Audi.
Feeding at the public trough your whole life; you can't know that socialism is a dead-end street
And now you own two homes - one worth 650k that @HillaryClinton bought you off with - THAT WAS EASY.
Now my wife collects 44k in social security benefits while being under FBI investigation at our 3rd house.
Now you do cuz you stole it from tax payers
And now as a successful socialist, you have three houses and a healthy bank account. Not exactly sharing the wealth, Bernie
And never held a real job, except for writing porn.
So why is it you want the government to ruin the rest of the economy? Your finance theories are illogical and dangerous Bern.
He. Is. A. Senator. He is allowed to make money, he is allowed to own a home in DC, he is allowed to inherit. At least he pays taxes!
I love you Bernie!  Keep standing up for us. We need your voice.
nothing undignified about having little money. We don't need government to solve this challenge for us. We can do it ourselves.
Those were the good old days! Oh how I wish I could experience them again and give up my three homes!
IF DONALD TRUMP SAY 2+2=5
TRUMPSTERS WILL RUNTO TEACH THEIR KIDS 2+2=5.
THE WORLD OF TRUMPSTERS IS FLAT. 
PLANET SPITE.
Go Bernie. Haters don't like the truth.They can't intelligently prove you wrong. They jus say things that can't be proven like Bigfoot exist
Can we INVESTIGATE #ClintonCartel  for the
MURDER OF:
#SethRich #ShawnLucas #BerantonWhisenantJr ENOUGH IS ENOUGH
Maybe you should have figured out how to make more money, rather than figuring out how best to plunder the american tax payer.
You own three houses now, WHY????
And look at you now with all your wealth.  In a socialism-promoting action, give me half?
Bernie, you're a good man. I wish we had a million more like you
Now you are a millionaire Socialist w three homes. Well done!
So if he runs again who votes does he expect to steal from the running democrats to have them fail?
And?
So what you just proved working hard, saving money, getting useful education can get you some where with out free handout.
is that why you want to take everybody's money and give it away?
So it makes sense to steal from the wealthy even though you clearly made it out alive? You're a delusional old politician
Sir you have not worked. And as public servant who serve yourself: it doesn't count.As you said: "white ppl don't know what poverty is."
But now you have three houses, pay 13% in taxes but want ME to give more of my middle class salary
Great Commencement Presentation: Basic,Simple,to the Core& Point!! Thank You,Sen.Sanders!!
....Now he lives off the taxpayers, free healthcare, pension & never had a real job. He just spouts socialist bullsh*t & gets NOTHING done.
a free hand out is your solution somebody has to pay for it Dems. Can't  keep robbing the banks the middle class pay while others ride free
How could you just abandon the presidential election like that
May there be enough of us who care and can figure out what to do about our country.
And now you are a communist
Look at you now Bernie -See what a Republic form of gov't can offer vs a socialist state!!
Is that we're u got the idea u had to start working around 40.?
You gotta love the people here who are still making Bernie's a sellout jokes. Maybe you people should stop watching Anti-SJW videos.
I know. Give everyone a gun so they can go take money from those who earn it. Oh no, thats what we have liberals for
Amazing how wealthy you became as a public servant.
YOU ARE NOW! STOLE ALL THE DONATIONS YOU TOOK WHILE RUNNING! WHY DON'T YOU DO THE RIGHT THING AND GIVE IT BACK?
Best in the us.
That's your problem, you are a victim and a social resented for being poor. BUT NOW YOU HAVE MILLIONS!
Tell us ho you did it!...
To this obsessing about Sanders 3 homes. Jonny Depp an actor, had 14 homes.
A bitter old man, a bitter old woman
Except now you have plenty of money, and your wife still commits fraud?
LOVE HIM!!!!!!!!!!!!
But now you do & never held a real job. Thanks to our tax money you have a very comfortable living like any good socialist around the world
@People4Bernie And my Dad went to Madison with you. And lived the same way. He's as great a man as you.
Love you
And your goal as a Socialist is to make sure others don't have any money either. If you had your way we will all regress economically.
Not many admit to the tension caused by poverty or income struggles. Way to go, Bernie
And you have never worked a day in your life living off the system which is us. You are pathetic!
Yeah, so is your corruption a result of your upbringing or was it due to your poor choice in curriculum?
Same here and didn't want, need or expect that the govt. would do anything to change it so did it myself. Trump's base needs to do the same!
me too
some man for one man !!
You ain't just folks Bernie.  Let's focus on the work to be done.
Last honest man standing.
Then how, exactly, did you become a millionaire on a public servant's salary? Crooked, much?
What's your point ???  Oh, lie, cheat, steal from the American people until you're rich ???
You are the real deal. You inspire me to be a better human. You exude integrity, don't listen to the haters. A future to believe in.
Crook has plenty now
HOMEBOY!!
I swear I love Bernie.. Saunders.. He is so awesome
& now despite never contributing 2 the economy & having a wife who dicked over a colleges finances, you have multiple homes. #AmericanDream
You perfectly understand the problems of people with little money. But why did so many of them vote for Trump? This is incomprehensible 
Wrong
@SenSanders I too am from Flatbush Brooklyn
You sould stay there
yep because there to busy paying for their over priced college tuition..
And?
And now you have several cars and houses.  All thanks to democratic socialism right?
WHAT A MAN!!!! From those experiences made him realize that the rich have a distinct OBLIGATION to be righteous!
#WeAreBernie #NotMeUS #PoliticalRevolutionMusic
This would be a great inauguration speech!!
But now you have two houses and make an excessive amount of money off the backs of Americans.
BUT YOU MILLIONS NOW YOU LIAR
I really REALLY wanted you to be president. What else can I say.
After which you made full use of the capitalist market to make a lot of money and now you dont want anyone else to have that possibility...
Dude, you owe Hillary an apology for your dirty tactics.  Because of your fragile ego, we're all suffering.  You didn't accomplish jacksh-t.
Well that sure has changed
Trump administration moves to return Russian compounds in Maryland and New York
Yep the the American dream , now you are just a rich old dreamer , bed time pops.
This man needs to be the leader of our country. He knows the reality of our lives.
