We're with you, Bernie! Everyone please politely call GOP senators, this horrible bill if passed will absolutely impact u or a loved one.
Liberal nonsense. Government has no business in healthcare
Government MUST be involved, otherwise simple  illness & injury will bankrupt Americans.
No, because the cheapest and highest quality insurance comes from private market-which we don't have
Nonsense! Medical insurance is the problem. It's designed to deliver dividends to shareholders, not care for individuals.
... yeah called profit incentive which comes from providing value to someone else. Much like the phone your probably tweeting from
So you advocate everybody paying massive premiums which go to shareholders, whilst people don't receive treatment.
Do you pay a lot for car insurance? It a perfect analogy cause it is a consumer good
Dear Republicans and Democrats:
it doesn't matter it's going to happen and everyone is going to pay a small amount for end of story you're blocked and reported
Nope it's not. If you want that leave and move to Europe. Give has no business in healthcare in the US
Singlepayer is coming! Were going to drag you kicking and screaming!
That convincing! "If you don't agree with me I'm going to force you to do what I want" typical leftist mindset
Singlepayer has 60% approval among Americans, when you're in the minority that's just the way it goes. New bill has 17% approval.
Vis-versa with conservative. almost every pole got the election wrong and I don't believe a majority want socialized healthcare
The govt shouldn't have healthcare plans. People, doctors & hospitals should have healthcare plans.
Leaving healthcare to big business doesn't work. It's a cash cow for shareholders & fails claimants.
Healthcare costs have gone up in direct result of govt interference in the marketplace. More interference won't fix that. #ExplainLasik
In comparison, Govt doesn't pay dividends to shareholders.
Lots of companies pay dividends & have made products less expensive over the years. Profit motive & competition lead to better outcomes.
Their products are cheaper as they are made by slave labour in China! You can't compare healthcare with Chinese goods!
Innovation, competition, better processes & technology had nothing to do with making products more available & less expensive. Right.
As someone who is suffering enough with student loan debt, I’m super pissed off. But those who make far less and have high debt for one reason or another, I’m outraged
Yep
GODDAMNIT, WHY AREN'T YOU OUR PRESIDENT?!?!?!?!?!?!!!!!
The rich people employ the working class...and spend tons of money on houses, cars, clothes, food, etc...just look at yourself BS...
That's your goal isn't it?
says the liar who is rich himself with your 4 new homes you bought, Shut Up & Retire #SellOutSanders
Bull*shit Bernie. Ppl cannot afford their premiums & deductibles, esp poor families. What good is healthcare if you cant afford to use it?
We back your efforts 100% to stop this from continuing.
And working families have run out of $$! Middle class/seniors have been stripped of any savings, jobs that pay livable wage, homes.
Well ACA transferred wealth from working families to the unemployed, who BTW can't/won't create jobs or invest in economic activity.
You are the only one who truly understands the message! #BERNIE2020
It is a sickening proposal.  Where is the outrage!!!
Bernie please #BERNIEGOHOME
I thought there may be some Republicans might not be able to grasp this.  However, I am now convinced they do and just do not care.
You know Bernie you won't be happy until we in America are all equally poor you absolutely hate any one or any company that is a success
It's not a health care bill. 
It's a license to murder.
Don't be complacent. 
#ResistTrumpcare 
#SinglePayerNow
Yes! They just trying to Flip what was uncovered 8 years ago. They just want what they once had. We must unite as One! Be a voice!
Stop it then#notourhealthcare
Versus Obamacare transferring wealth from the working families to the bottom?
Perfect balance. (If you have no conscience)
The ACA was part I of that
Control freaks, all men who care about nothing but $$$$
Nice diagram & I am surprised that 75K is break even, so we need something to illustrate the extent billionaires are ripping off Americans
' Obama side is democrats  killing 80.000 in 2015
Bernie give me the same health care as you!
Sounds like how we pay our Senators.
Did you just figure that out? US presidents are, primarily, criminals who's job is to take from the poor and give to the rich.
Repeal let the insurance companies be "poor" for a while and then get them to give us a fair offering!
They amended it, so its not as cruel.  If you out $hit on a turd its still a turd.
This is a perfidious vehicle to funnel tax dollars paid by those who live paycheck to paycheck, to those who live off cashing rent checks.
Everyone mail your health care bills to Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell
much like Obamacare... The real problem is Monsanto in the FDA

*Not* taking money from people to pay for other people's healthcare is not a "transfer of wealth". You are the one initiating transfer.
When is @SenSanders going to sponsor a Senate version of #HR676?
@SenateDems, it's time for you to demand a CBO score for #MedicareForALL.
Last I read he wanted to wait til the AHCA (Trumpcare) discussion was dead, but we'll have to watch & see.
1. Are you satisfied with that response? #HR676 is there now.
2. Are we sure he's going to introduce same language? I'm not.
I support #SinglePayerNow, so the sooner the better! Support is building on both sides of the aisle.
I want to hear @SenSanders mention #HR676 and @RepJohnConyers in one of his many public appearances. He has ample opportunity.
and frankly, so do you
AND @Jimmy_Dore
AND @RealTimBlack 
and others
We're working on being more focused & topical in my Livestreams on FB, so I will make a point of this. Appreciate the feedback!
When is your next stream?
I'll make a point of being there.
1. New thought, Sen. Why isn't any1 stating obvious, taking control over HC prices from the Hosp, Drs & Pharma? That seems 2B better idea. 
2. or are Lobbyists pushing too much $$$ into the equation? Just sayin' 
Says a multi millionaire with 3 houses.
Where do come up with such False statements. You are so anti American and against the foundations on which this country was founded.
But the ACA didn't? You know the one you and the rest didn't have to have?! #FactsMatter
This is a no brainer! Current healthcare system costs $49 Trillion-estimates say Single payer would cost $32 trillion
A surprise to be sure but a welcome one.
It's called asset inflation... and it's caused by Federal Reserve policy... which you support... 
Ernie, your credibility is shot.  Twisting numbers to deceive people is so wrong.  @potus @TheDemocrats
So the ACA taxed the wealthy, a repair repeals those taxes and you call it a transfer of wealth?
This is skewed
Hey, Mr. Sanders, may I please have your sources?
PLEASE KEEP FIGHTING FOR THE AM PEOPLE @BernieSanders !!!
Interesting chart. Who made it up?
You are a Senator, and you ran for President, What have you proposed lately? Besides attacking the progress being made & delaying impt work!
Kind of like how you and your wife transferred wealth to yourselves after you came into public office?
SENATOR GET THEM TO WORK TOGETHER ON A COMPREHENSIVE GREAT BILL ;20  DEMS ;20 GOP !TAKE YOUR TIME !TIME IS A LUXURY YOU HAVE!
It's been that way since Koch brother Libertarian ideology took hold of the reins controlling money detonations to Republican Party kitty!
Sign me up!
How's the fraud lawsuit going.
Screw 9 years from now. Since you know so much about it tell us the details now. What's up!
#BankFraudBernie  zip it.
You obviously haven't received the memo. The #PoliticalRevolution is growing stronger by the day hence attacks on Bernie. Help or U zip it!
And that doesn't even take into account the $48,000 going to Adelson year after year after .......
kinda reminds you of ObamaCare and the free healthcare you get and you are rich dude
And yours is a transfer of wealth from working families to welfare trash...what's the difference?
Nothing??? Nothing at all more than that huh??? Lol im against the plan and even i gotta call bullshit! Stop with the rhetoric
And which health care plan do you have?
You're so fast and loose with language. Zero money would leave a working familys pocket and be sent or transfered to a wealthy person. Zero.
Working class has wealth hum didn't know that . thought we were all slaves to you bastards running the country in the ground.
Yea and the Obama care was a massive transfer of money from the working class to the government and big business with no relief.
how can we reverse this?
Define "rich". because I'm not rich and I lost my health ins under Obamacare.
And your plan is a massive transfer of wealth from young healthy to older sick people. Is that more noble? How about no transfer and have
A private market free of monopolies so competition can thrive
#BankFraudBernie 's socialism plan is nothing more than a transfer of wealth from everyone to the Sanders family. Made $1mil, 3 houses, SCAM
And you care with your 3 vacation homes and fbi investigation into real estate fraud? Enslaving doctors is also unconstitutional.
Oh Burn, I forgot you are unemployed. Hee Hee.
Hey Burni, how much you getting in tax breaks!
That is false
OBAMACARE is nothing more than a massive transfer of WEALTH & CONTROL to the GOVERNMENT! Single-Payer is the End Game. Bad News!
Ocare was nothing more than a trnsfr of power fm the people to the government! Rand Paul sez he wants gov. So small can barely see it! Me 2
Almost a sentence.
The Rich want there money back. 800 Billion, so the Mid C and poor don't make it. No spending, there go jobs.
Haha.   And you are among the very rich.
since congress refuses to use Obamacare for their own healthcare, we want all govt OUT of our healthcare..
Tax cuts aren't transfers of wealth. If you are going to be hyperbolic, at least be honest.
I love how people will say he is a corrupt billionaire but can't explain why he would be fighting against this bill if it benefited him.
You mean like 10 million bucks to your family? How much did you earn last year?
Please. Don't publish stuff like that.
@theresa_may might see it here in Blighty and fast ideas.
"Fast"? "Get". BR #autocorrect
Healthcare is not a right, but paying fair share in taxes is a duty.

Dems Obamacare is nothing more than massive transfer of healthcare from working families to non working, entitlement minded and illegals!
Bernie I need bank fraud advice let me know how it works? Do I donate to your friends the clintons or your wife? How does this work? 
When u live like us we will listen #getonmyhealthcareplancongress
Nice of mid-America to do all they can to help the rich get richer. Mid-America needs to claim personal power and VOTE to be represented.
#getonmyhealthcareplancongress

Sounds like business as usual
Wow the US is screwed lmao. I bet most of you regret not voting? I want to feel sorry for you guys but it's honestly hard to
We have a problem getting people to vote.
Very true
I guess you are going to get richer since you are in the 1%. Probably won't get it as you and your wife will be heading to jail.
The current health Care is stealing from the working man and giving it to the leeches on welfare
Note: you have until 2026 to have an income of $75K or greater. #Murica
Transfer of wealth up = good
Transfer of wealth down to care for others = BAD
How is tax cuts a transfer of wealth. If I let you keep your money, its a transfer of wealth?
Your source is credible as a thief @nytimes, btw,you want to take $ from ppl that earn a living & give it ppl that wont work ura 1%er payup
You have no problems taking money from people.  You advocate stealing money from some to give away to others so this isn't a problem
Right on!  Maybe your wealth can transfer to my working family then!!
Thank you BERNIE!!!
You're such a liar. You're the very rich with 3 homes and a crooked wife.
Hey Bernie. How's the view from your lake house? I wish I was rich enough to own one. Oh, and two other homes.
And your socialist ideas take money from workers and give to those refusing to work until you run out of my money
Bernie you are lying to the American people. Please don't do that it's always when rep do something's it's. For the rich Dems is rich to 1%
Yea Bern, I'm with you. Republicans are not even human. All they love is $$. They only want to give more $$ to each other. I'm with you. Ha!
Then this leave #Obamacare where it is today.  This is the #Dems #healthcare
take a stand bernie. Donate all your wealth and keep $15 / hr worth. Show everyone your serious
Spains single payer healthcare has a income tax level of 45%
Fake statistics bernie,  do your homework. Tell all the statistics.
So then .... you're finally happy 
That's insane. By not taking money from group A and giving it to group B, you're robbing group B?? Communists are going out of style Bernie!
I agree, Romneycare aka Obamacare helped rich donors. We need #SinglePayerNow. Tell that2 @Rendon63rd, @AssemblyDems @JerryBrownGov #SB562
STOP LYING! Only two taxes out of 20 in the ACA aimed at over $250k a year. 18 taxes TAXED THE HC INDUSTRY! That's why prices up
How does one transfer wealth to the wealthy when the wealthy are the ones that the government takes the wealth from?
Like that $10,000,000 you transferred to your wife and you? #hypocrite #berniebucks
I agree with you fully.
I hope the ultra-rich are happy with the country they're making for the rest of us.
GOP ideology?  =  "each person seeks mastery over a world of slaves" James McGill Buchanan
What do we do about it?
Sorry bern u lost credit when you stood on the podium and endorsed the very party that screwed you over. Never once saying what the dnc did
Maybe if you and the other fools in congress spent less time on twitter you could get some work done. #TermLimits
Everyone knows this. Any reaction to Russia?
THAT IS NOT A SMALL NUMBER

THAT IS A BIG NUMBER
Socialism: ideas so great they make them mandatory. Ideas so great they are forced upon you. It's clearly working in Venezuela. #nointegrity
You need mental help!
The funny thing is that the Republican's plan is not that different than Obamacare now
Says the man with 3 houses...
Well thats going to benefit you mr  top 1% even tho you're lying
Any healthcare plan should stand ALONE!
Why is that concept familiar?  http://www.salon.com/2016/10/28/making-a-killing-under-obamacare-the-aca-gets-the-blame-for-rising-premiums-while-insurance-companies-are-reaping-massive-profits/ …
Or would that be simply returning the money that was originally stolen?
lol. You are such a joke sir!
Liar liar pants on fire.
Your healthcare plan is a massive transfer of wealth from working class families to the poor. Either way, the working class looses
Liar.
Well then you should fit right in.  Your wealthy.  Practice what you preach.
May I ask how?
I won't be doing single payer, Bernie so you might as well quit.
THE VERY RICH

Dershowitz : Sanders FBI Bank Loan Fraud Criminal Investigation Is Dangerous Territory For Democrats
Dershowitz has become a paid shill for fox news. SAD!
You're a fraud Bernie
"transfer of wealth" you are referring to a for profit business?
My family would see a gain according to this graphic and I still think the law is shit and needs to go.
DCCC needs better leaders, above talking points are out of touch.
Hey Bank Fraud Bernie, obumercare was nothing but a transfer of wealth from the middle class to the federal government!! It taxed everything
Republicans feel a need to help big corporations, but don't see the need for helping people.
You mean Obamacare?
This is why Democrats maneuver to impose Hilary Clinton rather than you because you are weak and can't focus only bias
And to those pesky SUPERDELEGATES.
"that's just how we roll" - GOP
Every day the Republicans, who ALL claim to be Christian, put forth more immoral legislation against poor, sick, disabled, elderly & kids!
#Democrats healthcare plan was nothing more than a massive transfer of the middle classes $ to insurance companies who donate to democrats.
That is rediculous
Same as dem "health care plan" then, eh?
So you agree transferring wealth is bad?
I don't believe transferring wealth is the problem here. Increasing wealth disparity should be your target bait, I mean point.
Yes Bernie.... you would definitely know this.
I agree with you.  Involuntary transfers of wealth from one person to any other person for any reason are immoral and deplorable.
The money belonged to them in the first place though. You may hate tax cuts but don't say transfer of wealth dude that what taxes does.
Obamacare is nothing more than Political Extortion.                             TERM LIMITS 
Bernie Sanders is an Obstructionist using @SenateDems to sabotage the @POTUS Presidency

Treasonous
GET YOURSELF TO THE WHITE HOUSE AND PUSH FOR SINGLE PAYER!
False graph. Look at the numbers in the bottom. Any who studied statistics knows a BS graph when they see one
OK Bernie, beats socialized medicine. The rich always get richer. Look how much your net worth increased since the campaign. Hypocrite u r.
How your investments & 2 million $ book deal 160k car life is good i hear. Not for me I'm in Obamapoverty also called BerniePoverty
I'm kind of dumb when it comes to money. Can someone explain the chart that Bernie is posting here with regards to taxes?
