BREAKING: Republican Sen. John McCain announces opposition to health care bill, dashing hopes for GOP leaders.
You fool. The only reason this bill doesn't pass is because McCain hates Trump's guts. Not by "rallying". Keep trying to take credit though.
So next time the Dems are in charge you're in favor of them passing bills without hearings, amendments, CBO score, or input from the GOP?
This was actually in reply to @JerrySellsHousesFTL, who seems to think process doesn't matter.
Same process as in 2009 when the Dems had a super majority and the GOP couldn't do anything but watch? That process? Please...
Wtf Jerry, this bill is BRAND new, they want to vote on it without input, proper scoring, etc. That is NOT how laws should be made.
Obama's bill had a long deliberation and amendments, this is a straight up theft of the  rug under millions of Americans. Look at the cuts 
The GOP could say whatever they wanted didn't matter the Dems had a super maj and pushed it thru w/ no GOP votes. Dems got what they wanted
Try again.
Remember Bernie is a self proclaimed socialist and his desire is for a socialist country. He desires Gov. Control and there goes ur freedom
Quiet Bernie.. We DEM's have this..no thanks to you..ugggg
Right on Cheryl
It's all about what team you're on for you guys, what about values? When it comes to values, Bernie blows everyone away - and you hate it
Exactly
What has he done..not arguing..honestly..what has he done?
How about took votes from Hillary for openers. Now he wants to debate the Republicans. Please keep him quiet and let the Dems handle it.
We all know how the democrats handled it, no thanks. I am with Bernie
Here here. They want to let the people who lost to the most unpopular guy ever have another go, whilst changing nothing
Get Government out of our Health Care!  Free Enterprise works!!!
Wrong
Sure is. I pay $10 a week for Health Insurance and under Obama Care an insurance company can't be profitable and they are leaving .
And everyone is exactly like you. Clone central so we'll all be fine, right??
It works because I do. Enjoy your Government cheese.
Maybe from the neck down
Divisive distraction only...fire Congress
Forbid lawyers, bankers & rich folks from holding any political office
Can I have some of your food @SenSanders ?
I'm just begging you, Bernie, please don't burn this one down.  Don't start a war in the Senate when things are looking good for you guys.
What are you even talking about?  He's been staunchly defending the ACA for months.
@thehill @FoxNews @nytimes yes let’s help the Democrats raise our taxes higher and higher we must have at least 100% income tax
http://JobZipo.com/?refer=16357 
Aweee. That ol' pedophile Bernie still workin!!! Bless him.........................
Fear mongering system tool
Bernie sold out every progressive in US when to took job of bait for Hill
Until he runs as a Green he's dead 2 me
We could have defeated this bill easier if you didn't release Medicare for all and agree to a debate #complicit
Can you explain your reasoning?
There is no "reasoning".  GOP wanted to destroy ACA long before Sanders intro'd MfA.  Debate can only reveal how shitty the GOP bill is.
Socialism will win
Omg you speak like a Repblican the deniers of reality.
Remember Trumpcare would have dumped appx.20 million of HC.
Hardly.
What health care bill?  Are you talking about the tax bill?
How those protest votes for sanders and Stein working out?
I seem 2be the ONLY 1 left that is unaware who runs this nation.
Int'l Central Bank sys=Ins industry=healthcare=pharma..all one big $$ pile
Build on what the #ACA has accomplished, don't throw it away to just start over!
We need to give more access to patients, not the other way around.
Bernie Sanders, you need to get-somewhere.
You and your ilk are trying to hurt DEMS. Just as you didn't help HRC you are not helping now.GO!
His "ilk?" Who might that be? Cory Booker? Kamala Harris? Al Franken? Maybe Al, right?
Actually, NO. It's YOU. The character answering my tweet. YOU. As for those you mentioned, unlike BUNNIE, they are TRUE DEMS. YOU, his ILK

Can't stand the heat, get out the kitchen. I'm done, Buh-By-e!!!!
Replace everyone who voted for the Repeal. Thats the Repeal&Replace I can support. How are they profiting from this? Must be huge kickbacks.
People w disabilities need healthcare for 2018! #ACA They are fighting for their lives! @MarkRuffalo @BernieSanders only for #Applewatchbros
Sen. Sanders
U R 1 of the only person to voice concern about the OUTRAGEOUS profit margins in the healthcare industry
8000% profit is NOT OK
Can do, have done, will continue to do so. Love you Bernie. 
. If you really want to help, cancel your attention grabbing TV stunt and focus on saving #Obamacare
We would not be going through this continuous hell if you had not allowed the Russians to use your campaign to damage Hillary & help Trump!
America want to repeal ACA don't you get it #retire

If we live in Massachusetts, who should we be calling?
I believe it when I see him vote no. He's burned us before.
Thank you Bernie Sanders for fighting for us!
Can you say Valenzuela Bernie? That's your Socialism at work. Food lines and starving people! Resign
John McCain Proud! Way to stand up for ALL! Healing wishes to him!
#Trump the westie now get word out about suffering Puerto Rico. history will judge all harshly who turn away-Puerto Rico is USA. top dog bad
Here's facts about the disastrous Graham-Cassidy health care bill. Everyone needs to read the information. It will affect ALL of us. 
Each day until Sept. 30th, we must call our Senators for them to VOTE NO on the atrocious Graham-Cassidy bill. Senate phone # 202-224-3121.
This is far from over! Keep calling until 10-1-2017!
You are the best hope for an America that so deeply screwed on so many levels. Keep on standing and fighting!
This personal vendetta must stop!
Should you debate, you shouldn't be soft on the opposition. Be RUTHLESS to them.
@BernieSanders can I ask for your help please?  Sorry I know you're busy and important
Made calls and emails!
Fight them on this! We can't give up now...we are so close.
Shouldn't suprise anyone if Johnnyboy's final dramatic move is a thumbs up this time as Republican 'power' kick to make America 'Great'
Right, let #Obamacare implode on its own. The democrats will own it for midterms. Brilliant Bernie.
Bernie why flood the lines, it will be Paul, Linda or Collins. So stop you constant harangue. You love to hear yourself talk about nothing.
I think were gonna get medicare for all sooner or later!   Now its the fight for patients right act!!
Amen

Good

But those rich GOP supporters want the GOP to end Obamacare so they can have tax breaks. GOP = Greed over People.
It shouldn't come down to 1 or 2 votes.Any senator supporting this bill either hasn't read it or doesn't care about their constituents @GOP
Get your neighbors -&  friends on board
CANCEL THE DEBATE! PLEASE!
Now let's hope a few other Republican senators follow suit.
thanks for that captain f*cking obvious. Mean while you're pushing a f* bill you know won't pass in a gop majority to showboat to your base.
Sadly, my Sen. IS Sen. GRAHAM. I did call and email and tweet him. But he wrote it so...I have also reached out to other Republican Senators
The American people are the ones who voted for Trump and the one who want to right all the wrongs that you socialist liberals have done.
Yes get the word out that Bernie is a commie
HEALTH CARE IS A RIGHT it's not about self philosophy America mobilize and let the @GOP hear it loud and clear!
McCain does Not Rule congress, media promotes McCain but that too is just a dysfunctional action
Bernie Sanders is no fool. He's  fighting for us. Was he a fool when he protested for Black rights and got arrested many times for it?
Actually, Bernie, my insurance company's and deductibles have gone sky high.   We'd all rather Single Payer, Medicaid For All!!
Face it, Bernie. You don't want any Bill to replace the failing ACA. You would rather keep that crappy law in place.

How about tabling the medicare for all talk until the ACA is secured once again. You are not helping.
'We can defeat the Republicans.' --- This guy and his fucking ponies
Is there no way to stop Donald Trump B4 he starts both a civil war AND a world war & dooms the entire human race?
I called and asked them to pass it. Obamacare is bullshit
Needs to worry about his crooked wife lol
Good for McCain. Glad he lost president. ACA is so successful that premiums going up AGAIN for 2018. No one read the bill. 200% wow
Enjoy ur last term Senator.  Ur voted out next election.
Worldwide institutions promote dangerous nuclear and prohibit beneficial cannabis/hemp.
Bernie where are your tax returns #hypocrite
The @gop and @POTUS won’t even acknowledge that it’s the people keeping these hurtful bills from passing. Even the on-the-fence/no’s.
Should you maybe not debate single payer before the 30th?
By #SenMcCain showing his ”No" #VoteNOGrahamCassidy he just pushed on-the-fence #Republicans to #VoteYES #PartyB4People & #TaxCut4theRich
Why didn’t you urge calls to Congress in the days leading up to the $700B military budget? Especially now that you’ve come out against wars?
McCain is a fraud!  

Wake up America!

Watch
John McCain id a disgrace to this country!!
IMPORTANT!!! Is this new proposal available for public viewing? Where can we read it for ourselves?

Hoping you wait til after the vote before talking about single payer!!
JOHN MCCAIN IS ONE MAN IS HE THE ONLY VOICE OF THE GOP
Bernie if they hadn't rigged the primaries u woulda beat hillary. Then Trump woulda stomped your ass instead of hillarys. Just sayin
We could be pushing Hillary left if you hadn't butted in.
GOP was on the back-foot due to the clever tactics/strategy of Schumer/Pelosi. You traitor scum gave GOP life by announcing Single Payer.
Bernie shut your face up!
Who are you talking to-your followers? You want them to rally the American people? Other leaders are talking directly to Americans FYI.
Bernie... you remember that night we twisted one & banged those honeys? Yeah you do. Rock n Roll
God bless @SenJohnMcCain thank you for standing up for what's right.
I've come to dislike you n your passive aggressive attacks on @TheDemocrats   This HC is your fault, u couldn't wait until October 1.
I’d rather defeat the establishment Dems tbh.
GOP was on the back-foot due to the clever tactics/strategy of Schumer/Pelosi. You traitor scum gave GOP life by announcing Single Payer.
dude, they will just do it again, Trump and Koch brothers four year joke are the Best thing to happen to getting a progressive win in 2020
Why don't you postpone your debate until after Oct. 1, rather than give Cassidy-Graham a way to change the subject from their awful bill?
I live in Texas. I don't really know if I could sway my senator's vote.
I'm in TX too. I've called, emailed, faxed, and tweeted. Cruz & Cornyn may never be swayed but they can't say no one tried. #LoseCruz
We WANT this bill to fail. It is not repeal, is bs. Thank you, Bernie!
@SenSanders if these politicians would quit voting the party line the country would be a lot better. @SenJohnHoeven and others
Also join in on efforts to improve ACA.  We are on one team.  Make America, America again.
We've been rallying for a week now... where u been, Bern?!!
I vote for the bill can I take McCains place somebody needs to it's time for John to slide to the side
@realDonaldTrump = !Failure
Sad that 98% of the GOP are intimidated by the uninformed 3 CardMonty ConMan from NY forcing his healthcare agenda. Think Country, NOT PARTY
I sincerely don't understand why we have to keep doing this. Please get Universal Health Care.
Rt hoping every vote counts
Your televised debate is not helping
Hope the bill fails because its jusr bad. But Bernie your hatred of the free market is disturbing
Not sure if you've listened to his opinions. He doesn't hate the free market. Only it's excesses that are a detriment to the pub & enviro.
Does anyone actually think our calls matter?
It's just so wrong that it is even remotely close    what the H
Hopefully @GOP senators care more about getting reelected than appeasing their wealthy donors. The vast majority of citizens abhor G-C bill.
We?!?!
Sit down, Bernie.
We are doing the heavy lifting. You are tweeting & trolling for praise.
Sod off.
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Obamacare is a disaster, millions can't afford insurance premiums, others are getting over charged. And the keeping your doctor was a lie!
Bad timing Bernie! They're using you as fuel to their tragic bill.
Anything but a full repeal needs to be killed. Get em Bernie
Bernie, please battle to save the ACA on CNN! Talk about single payer but stay on obamacare
The fact a vote of this magnitude comes down to 1 or 2 people is seriously deperessing for your country.
@billyeichner What will you do about a 1200/month premium with a 6,000 deductible for one person?
I'm told you can send comments on Graham-Cassidy-Hellboy to GCHcomments@finance.senate.gov by 1 p.m. EST Monday.
It's dead.Relax Grampa.
Bernie, you are living proof that dinosaurs really did exist at one time.  How you survived all these years is a mystery to all
He's well paid with your taxes and uses no energy whatsoever
Don't let up. Keep calling. The GOP is not going to let up. They put a bribe in front of Lisa Murkowski. They will try to pressure others.
Not if you are taking focus off their failure by debating them on Monday! #waitaweek
Let's all pray to Allah that we get the votes!  That's what democrats would want right, Allah?
You mean, you can beat it if you continue to lie to the American people.
@mobygrapefan @AP SEN SANDERS THAT DOES NOT CHANGE THE FACTS, THAT YOU BETRAYED US, AND OUR GENERATION TO COME,
Hes the Only one out there Fighting 4 Us! #singlepayer would B the Best 4 #America & Hes fighting 4 it,Not #Hillary
People who claim to be Christians wanting to deny people healthcare. Karma forgets no one. A disgrace to the country
Who are those we can sway???
Thanks Bernie. There is no debate. You either want universalised healthcare for all or you don't belong in this century. No compromise.
I didn't used to respect Sen. McCain til his stand for regular rule. He sounds like a man that is becoming a true statesman. What do ya know

It's not going to pass!! No way
Looks like a Movement. Make it count.
Better the brothers & sisters of 
Lead Peace by example
Lead Peace by Law

Own it
frame of mind
So finally you say something?!
O yea? But did he write a useless book complaining about the election?
Actually he did

Does this mean I was owned? Or do you not know what "useless" means?
Anyway, I'm glad you agree What Happened is useless.

We need a few heroes.
your nytimes oped was a brutal takedown of obamacare so quit the phony concern please.
My guy is a dunce
With your awful political instincts, it's not surprising you've never accomplished anything in 30 years in the Senate.
also, if you stay out of it and stop your minions from putting stuff like this all over the place. At least till Sept 30! DO NOT MURDER US!
Coward. So fearful of losing the crumbs from the oligarchs table that you can't see that Bernie is fighting to get us a chair. #BernieFP
Why didn't your parents emigrate to a socialist country?
But you have nothing better Bernie but something that an affordable on a massive scale. Go to Canada Bernie
Keep calling, Tweetin, texting and meeting with your Congress Person!
Here's hoping for another trump failure on the domestic front.
I/We are working hard to repeal aca bsb.  We r flooding all firms of communication.  Curious if you are still accepting adjunct payment?
This 
How can democrats want for the government not to tell them what to do with their bodies but want government run HC?
Says the one who wants socialized medicine. Sick of you! Who gives you the entitlement to rip off the working class and feel sogood about it

Looking for some answers.

What amazing me is not the opposition of McCain but what kind of conscious do the rest of GOP's have to vote for?
It's about the Koch faucet.
@joe564338 @AP Thank you for speaking out, senator. This unforgivable assault on the health of Americans must end.
No need rallying people, the clown coalition will kill it themselves.
call your senators (202) 224-4944
If only you'd helped rally people behind the winner of the Dem. primary, the one who created Universal Health Care 30 yrs ago(& u voted no)
"Winner"? I think that you mean "Rigger". Also he did help. We said hell no. We trust him, we are not his sheep. He does what WE want.
I called!
I love you @SenJohnMcCain and so do the American people. You have heart and backbone.
Where are your tax returns Bernie ? WHAT are you hiding ?
Bernie I can't get through to my senators, when will they be available again? Should I keep lighting up the phones?
Yes flood the phone lines "WE WANT BERNIE G O N E" 
Which one do you want, senator? Single payer or ACA? I thought you said ACA wasn't working. Why save it if it's not working?
Yes! Call all your fellow Communist! Rally the troops with George Soros money and scare the elderly! Have Michael Moore make a movie!
Come on man, this is disappointing. Stop believing the Trump rhetoric.
Lets not slow down nor lose momentum. This is our country!
Already made my calls to help pass this bill
I've been tweeting because busy every time I've tried
We wouldnt be in this situation if you didnt shaft Hillary and if you werent still being a dang grifter. Go away already.
I'd rather vote for Donald Duck just because Bernie Sanders sucks
Are you the monster that wants to continue killing fetuses at 8.5 months ?
On it.
@SenJohnMcCain Thank You!
Cancel Monday's debate. It won't help defeat the bill. It will just give Republicans something to rally against. Don't make this about you.
Please reschedule your debate until October!!
Please stay on message during the Monday CNN debate.  They will attack you personally, I expect.
Oh bernie... a lesser man would have given up on us. Thank you.
It's not my fight but I will do what I can all the same.
you are rallying the people BUT we want to know specifics of why this bill is a problem, what you are doing to fix it & not single payer
We trust the sanity of GOP WOMEN SENATORS & Maverick McCain .
Medical Insurance Cos.
should have no place in USA's Medical Delivery System .
@johnpavlovitz @AP come Mon's debate w/GrahamCassidy dont ruin hard work 2 4ward own cause time&place will be put final nail in
Just called John McCain's #: "mailbox full"!! What?!
Its going to come down to one or two votes?  The red states are blowing up their senators phones/facebook and twitter.  It better not.
