A look @Forbes wealthiest Americans list:
1 Walton fam, $128.1B
2 Koch bros, $97B
3 Gates, $89B…
#mercer bottom swag looking bigly too
#mercer already got his #roi paying for #bot45 campaign & enabling treason w/our data

https://thinkprogress.org/these-wealthy-institutions-are-quietly-financing-white-nationalism-5313db89b185/ …

…
Flip the house, overturn citizens united and there is your solution. Money out of politics. Ten months to midterms....tick tock. #Solutions #LookForward #ChessGame
Liberals talk about wanting “money out of politics” yet they do exactly that. Hypocrite
Koch has sunk millions into Cato Institute to buy Judges and senators. Chequebook Democracy isnt Democracy, just survival of the richest
I'm not a loser my friend, I just dont share the same values as you. Buying power is Corruption it matters not if its left or right of house
Bet you voted for Hil though. THE MOST corrupt politician of our time
I am a socialist, and have worked hard all my life 2 earn every penny. Paid my taxes too, 'cos that helps the system. Guess I'm a loser huh?
@badwolf303 @ClimateConnor Glad to say only been in Walmart twice in past 30-years; rather not buy If that's only choice
There is something wrong with the economy. Because, if they can "earn" all that money then why can't I?  
Thank goodness 'trickle down' is a myth because if it was real then even a sprinkle would feel like a deluge to us.
'trickle down' discredited by piketty on solid economic basis. in reagan's time, there was no such economic explanation discrediting it
Where to start!? : ) Being a Canuck I'll mention Galbraith and say there many working examples of what supply-siders said shouldn't work.
Trump's economists would not be able to poke holes in piketty ,that's the difference. if the dems understood it,they wld read &use piketty
Again, lots to chew on, but I agree Thatcher/Reagan stole the rhetorical high ground on economics and we have been too slow to recapture.
How did Soros make out financially? Please post that info. Thanks.
I'm just going to leave this here...
BREAKING VIDEO
Rosenstein Russian Indictments
Must watch please share
…
Give those poor old men a tax break how can they survive on so little
and?
Wish people would take the ideologue blinders off & realize the DEPTH of CONTROL that the mega wealthy have in our govt.!SELF SERVING ONLY
So you think nobody should be wealthy or you should be wealthy?
They need a tax cut?  Really?
The democratic super PACs are no better. End #CitizensUnited and go to people funded and see how much either corrupt party can scape up.
Dynastic wealth will eventually kill America.
Thanks.  Keep watch.  All that the R’s do is to further enrich the 1%.  Climate, yes.  Tax cuts: yes. War: Yes.  Disenfranchise voters: yes!
Ok but you forgot to mention that everyone’s 401K  or personal investments has grown as well
Funny how you don't care about Zuckerberg's wealth could it be cuz he is a liberal and you are a hypocrite???
So that's a great thing.  It takes guts and the ability to take big risks to get there we should be learning from them
What the???
Cut their taxes some more
They should be put in jail or something. How many jobs more than Bernie did they create
THIS Shyyyyyt's OBSCENE~
Plus they own R country!!
Question- how many people have these folks given jobs to? paid for their health insurance? provided education funding for?  & you? how many?
Wait and see.
That poor family. Should we take up a collection for them?
So?
#Savages! #JustAskBernie @SenSanders
With only $97B on the books, giving them a tax break will clearly make them spend money they don't have now.
The problem is that people like the Koch Bros. are so greedy that they want to pay even less taxes, like $97Bn isn't enough.
To quote the eminent philosopher Jake Gittes on wealth accumulation: "How much better can u eat?  "What can you buy that you cant buy now"?
Hey let's get rid of the estate taxes and give up $250B+ in tax revenue and create an entrenched aristocracy!  Was great in the Middle Ages!
Shocking!!!!!! The only reason they are allowed to do this is because Americans admire winners.
Even after spending untold millions on Koch hobby of subverting democracy...their wealth increased by 13 billion!!!  Tax these bastards!
These guys Really need a repeal of the Estate Tax.
Koch Bros and the wealthiest Americans don't  need a tax break they are making there money off the backs of America's aork8ng class !
America's working class ! (Correction )
Think they’d grant me a thousand bucks!
And the greedy bastards still want more $$$. Federal minimum wage at $7.25 & can't get an increase. This is obscene.
Thanks for this Jane. Great book BTW
Good.. My daughter works 4 them
And from what I've seen, their employees made pretty good  too! It's called business, being an employer! PLEASE POST ABOUT SOROS' TOO!
Basically because Charkles Koch singlehandedly hollowed out democracy & justiciary in favour of...........Billionaire Oligarchs
Coincidence?
Happened under Obama

...with Republican Congress.

...and Trump will make it worse.
Anddd the top 5 are all left wing extremists ! You’re point is ???
Tweets of fact without a point are meaningless
How about doing some real reporting on Clinton/Obama Russian collusion. You lefties are going to all lose Ur jobs if you miss this ship.
You sound jealous, for Koch creating millions of jobs. Ya good idea shut them downA liberal journalists are bitter failed people. Truth
I *really* don't understand. $97 billion isn't *enough* for them? They can't share even a little bit with all of us?
The Koch’s made a little over a billion dollars a month; $250m a week; $36m a day; $1.5m per hour, every hour of the year. #Bernie2020
Like that’s a bad thing?
BTW, @JaneMayerNYer gave an excellent interview to @nprfreshair about Mike Pence.
Koch Bros' wealth grew by $13B since 2016, to $97B. https://twitter.com/ClimateConnor/status/920396917888073729 …
And my brother in law got a good job with Kock, seems to put their $ to good use
What's your point
And?
And now we know why the stock market is up.
There is nothing fair or American about putting caps on how much you can make. Tax by a simple %. Fair tax for all.
Sam Walton was not a nutter. His children?  Maybe somebody such as you may tell us.
Read "Dark Money". The Koch brothers set out to strengthen the radical right decades ago to benefit themselves.
And what does George Soros do?
The working class and the employing class have nothing in common.
They are all human beings and they are all the same under the skin.
Some folk might think they are supreme
They are not
One, the employer exploits the other, the worker for profit. A better world is possible
And they don't want to pay taxes
What's wrong with making a lot of money? Nothing. Unless you're a #socialist #libtard #traitor who hates America.
Thank you so much!
Keep exposing the corruption.
And yet, they believe they are over-taxed. They already have enough money to buy the Moon. Hoarding wealth is a mental disorder.
So, I take it that a total collapse of the dollar wouldn't affect those top 3?
What is Soros net worth
Here's my tax plan
https://twitter.com/CZLumen/status/920884113040580610 …
Taxes distributed to what is affordable
Tax reform
Cost of operation/ living + 20k = 0 taxes
20 - 220 = 20% top 40k in taxes
220 - 420 = 40%…
They are itching for those tax cuts.
Ok, what’s your point? They are successful businessmen. Just like I want to be when I grow up.
And your point is? They are at fault for making money on obamas watch? People can't invest & build Wealth? It's a crime? What?
WOW! 
Never let the truth get in the way of a lie..Republicans keep trying the same old tricks.
These people you have maligned didn’t just crap money. And believe me, they pay a shit load of taxes. Oh, and employ thousands.
When did wealth and achievement become a bad thing? Work, save, and you can achieve wealth as well. Keep government out of my pocket.
And u want to confiscate the wealth thahve built?  By how much?
And soros just gave $18B to liberals
That is as wronmg as the Kochs issue, Money has no place in politics and Law
When you can buy judges and senators its called Fascism
So? Rich people get richer. Been happening since time began.
So what's wrong with making money. They earned it your not entitled to any of it. Go create your own wealth
THIS IS DISGUSTING. TAX THOSE BASTARDS BIG TIME!!!
You’re not entitled to anyone’s money
Umm Kochs, these other corps & ultra wealthy families don't need tax cuts. Raise min wage so folks can purchase goods and services.
I don't understand why that's a problem?..
Where’s your master george soros at?
Koch Bros=horrible
Did they steal it ? Or did they acquire it legally via mutually beneficial boluntary transactions ?
Attempting to overthrow the government with dollars instead of bullets is TREASON by any other name.
And yet nothing on Soros or Bloomberg.. hm. Agenda much?
Why can't we put a cap on what anyone can hoard? No one needs this much money! It's at the expense of so many others. Shameful.
Is there even a point to this thread?  OMG people built huge businesses and got rich!  OMG people watch tv all day and are poor!!
and how much is enough?
Did you look to see how much Obama’s wealth increased from 2006-2016? How about the Clinton’s from 1992-2016? Just curious.
How about Soros?
Also aren’t the top 5 all Liberals?
You have a problem with this why?
Citizens United
Yeah...so? God bless America!
And they STILL want more tax cuts!!! Sick.
you gonna boycott Microsoft, Amazon and WalMart too? Not to mention the magnitude of philanthropy Koch Bros do around world.
Ok-considering your sources,..believe the kool-aid. I know first hand the good Koch as well as other wealthy Americans do around the world.
I notice you are silent on any left leaning wealthy Americans and their politics.....says it all right there-try looking for the good in ppl
How about the $1.2B to Cancer Research given by Koch or the grants given to more than 300 colleges & universities etc...was that a waste?
Often money is donated to have research done that supports their industry or platform.
Oh, so you know which cancer research they donate? Please provide your source. Do you say the same thing about the $$ given to Universities?
These people need tax cuts & estate tax cuts? More, more, more! Never enough? When I die, my kids have to pay inheritance...
....tax on what I have, a house! Yeah, they need a cut!!!!
Don’t you wish your wealth would have grown by that amount?They also created thousands and thousands of jobs. Can U get a job from poor ppl?
Strive to be , rather than wanting to take from those that achieve
Awesome.
Yes but they need bigger tax cuts and estate tax remediation.
Good for them!  Good old American work ethic
  Good role models.
All you have to do is buy off an entire political party and create a faux grassroots campaign
What you think that's news. Unless corporate taxes are cut why build in the US. Ireland's talking about dropping there's two 10%.
Your point?
They don't need a tax cut? 
Good for them.
Your recent Fresh Air interview was very interesting!  One of my favs.
I don't see George Soros on there ???
wow that's a lot of rich white dudes, eh? fuck the distribution of wealth in this country
how much #koch donated to #Cruz? #CNNdebatenight #endcitizensUnited CNN $$$ pharm ads #medicareforall health over profits
obscene
When corporations wealth grows, so does my 401k. Rock on, bros
That's what I'm sayin'..
So??
Check their companies and see how much the salaries of their employees increased
Thanks, Trump
Yes it’s called capitalism. It’s made more people of all walks wealthier than any other  system in world history. If u don’t like it, leave
$13B is more than one person needs in their lifetime. Their kids/grandkids don't deserve all of it cause they didn't WORK for it.
What about Bill Gates, Warren Buffet the guu who started Amazon 2nd richest person in America.  Bring them up you bias sumbag
Under Obamas watch and who is talking poorly about Potus?
Grab the torches and pitch forks!
Don't be hating. Rich got richer under obama.
And yet, they hated Obama.
A few on this list have committed to giving most of this away. Hint : Their last names are not Koch or Walton.

What's the problem with that?

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
The top 5 are all liberals that donate almost exclusively to Democrat candidates but we're concentrating on the Koch family? Hypocritical?
How many thousands of employees do their businesses have?
Stocks are at an all time high. Did you consider that?
And their employees are on food stamps
Koch brothers - what doesn’t get pointed out is the higher number of Democrats, or are we supposed to ignore that?
Oh, the jobs they'll create! #hideandwatch
The American dream is still alive and well. Thanks for the motivation.
How much did @georgesoros @BarackObama @HillaryClinton and @SenSanders wealth grow since 2016? *crickets*
How many homes does Bernie have now?
How much did the Fruadsters wealth grow? At least the Koch Bros' earned theirs.
No. They are from inherited wealth. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fred_C._Koch …
Just like Trump and Walton's
Not bad buy a few GOP a V.P a FN DOTARD and run the country.Funny how big private money has always ran the U.S. on war and policy!!!!
Right!? We should just hand all the money to the government instead. They know what's best for you.. 
Koch supporters of trump campaign
That's it? Hoping Trump & the GOP can push through some tax cuts for those guys, I'm worried about them. #KochBrosGreedKills
I can rest easy now that I know the Cock brothers got 13B richer in 1 year.
Well, THEY don't need a tax break. But with the riff-raff in the White House, they make need a lobotomy.
@jeff_beairsto This is just disgusting! No one person should have that much money
Not your money and not your decision
But it's not enough. They want More tax cuts, deficit be damned.
. . . and yet they want more at the expense of the middle class and the poor.
And yet they are still depanding they get more tax breaks. Greed, gluttony and sloth...one day they will be judged.
I hope Bernie lives long enough for me to see him endorse billionaire Zuck in 2020.
At the expense of everyone else
@SenSanders @ClimateConnor @Forbes If they haven't done anything positive for the world who cares! #Hypocrisy
That list is just full of Democrats.
And under the trup tax plan, they'll make even more while the middle class struggles even more.
Obscene
Fucking Obama.
Meanwhile my wealth grew by...well whatever side jobs I was able to pick up for vacation money.
Someone needs to get these folks some tax breaks.
I feel like Bernie retweeted this to make it seem like it's a bad thing.
What's your point? The Koch's are doing well, living American dream. But you probably think nobody deserves stratospheric wealth, amirite?
so boys and girls, if you work hard,
The Koch Bros were millionaires when they were dropped into the maternity bed buy their mother
It has F**k all to do with hard work
yep, that's the free market for ya.
what?
There is no Free Market, its all been rigged and stacked
Everyone in the news & POLITICS ALWAYS TALKING ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON THAT'S WRONG BUT NOTHING ABOUT DOING ANYTHING ABOUT IT !
It's such a stupid amount of money concentrated amongst a few. Absolutely insane.
128.100.000.000.-$
MRD
@SenSanders @JaneMayerNYer how about Soros? The guy that funds you and the violent rallies. Koch's are business men, they make money.
George Soros has that beat.
They're not even in his category.. that creepy bastard
Whoops...
Yet we are still subsidizing the Walton's wealth by allowing very low wages that require welfare in order to survive. This needs to stop.
Yes. Stop welfare!
HOLY CAPITALISM!!!
May I add Unholy Capitalism!
Maybe someone should cut them off from DOD welfare.
The Koch Brothers provide over 100,000 well-paying jobs.  Mark Zuckerberg and Soros cleaned up.  Great stock market.
Hell, George Soros probably stole that much last month.
Look at that stock market.. who do you think benefits from that? It's not the American workers...
Guess who wants to eliminate estate tax. These aren’t small farmers or truck drivers. ;-)
If your not leaving $10,000,000 or more it affects you ZERO
Yup
"Keep on fracking." - @Koch_Industries
Whoever said crime doesn't pay wasn't thinking big enough.
True. Look at the Clinton Crime Cartel
Grotesque.
Will they stand down when they reach Number 1?
Now do Obamas, Basketball players, Actresses and Actors who make 20 mil for ONE movie. Now do how many people are EMPLOYED by the 3. Jesus
sounds like those Job Creators could use a tax cut
Don't you know how hard it is to NOT cut taxes for the rich?!?Goldman Sachs Steve explained that today
MBM- Make Brothers Money!!!
If they're smart they'll put some aside to use when they're old.
Hell of a return on investment.
A point I wish were made is that if they were one person, which is how they operate politically, they would be the richest man in the world.
I can’t tell you how much I respect your work, it’s so important.
Kochs DON'T NEED > TAX BREAKS or ESTATE TAX removed 
nor CORP SUBSIDIES or CORP TAX BREAKS
Use their $ to dissemble Democracy+avg Citizens
Koch Bros = FASCISM 101
No. Capitalism. Don't be mad cuz you don't have Koch money. Work harder. Make your own. Then if you wanna give it away you can.
that hasn’t worked out for most people yet and very likely never will
Try harder.. It works.
thanks for the tip boss 
Any time..

You should focus more on Mercers. You once referenced them as "kooky which down plays all the harm they are doing.
the only good news story that can possibly come of this is that the koch bros suffocated under the collapsing mountain of cash they horded
Obscene. They use their incredible wealth, power and influence to stifle civil rights, decimate safety net and sow racial discord.
Koch Money = GOP/Trump = Citizens United. They buy laws, deregulation, influence peddling, etc.
Thanks for keeping us informed.
How many people making under 7 figures can say anything similar?  Wages seem pretty flat down here in the world of Work. 
You should have been invested in stocks

Record highs!
We are not far from our full version. And we are facing some challenges at this stage.  Please motivate us and help us achieve our dream!
