You've been busy destroying the democratic party, but if you have time to fight for healthcare, that'd be great. :)
Accountability doesn't mean cannibalizing your own to get ahead... but ok.
Bernie puts country over party more fervently than anyone, so if party is most important to YOU, then great. Have fun acting like a Repub.
He put country over party?... so why did he run as a DEMOCRAT after decades of being independent?
To not split the vote? Or is that what you'd prefer?
He'd be hated, but he would be living by his morals. If you're not a dem... don't run as a dem, and split the party when you lose.
Far from perfect?  You supported this abomination and now expect to have a hand in fixing it?  Where is your credibility on this subject?
#SinglePayer with full access to #Cannabis and its #Cannabinoids. The Cannabinoids regulate our cells @SenSanders treated ADDICTION in 1937
It's a liberal nightmare and a failure. DESTROY IT.
Are you quoting HRC here Bernie? #Shame our job is to replace it with #MedicareForAll
No. Our job is to destroy it and replace it with #SinglePayer.
YES completely agree what can we do from this end?
Didn't the Republicans sabotage it from day 1?
Agreed.It's great to have insurance options not tied to employers. A public option would be a good step forward in improving US health care.
No Bernie. Your task is to push #SinglePayerNOW. ACA is bankrupting ppl, making them suffer & letting them die. Fixing ACA NOT GOOD ENOUGH.
Fix ACA or #Medicare4all?  Which is he stumping for now?
Yeah, sounds like he's not fighting for universal coverage anymore. Disappointing.
Stumping for #Medicare4all to now fixing ACH... Did he think we'd not notice?
I just called him out about it. Unacceptable.
ER Care is a RIGHT.....Free health care isn't....It's NOWHERE IN THE CONSTITUTION....And that's what we live by...Change that!
Our job should be to replace it with #SinglePayer, too many still uninsured under #Obamacare
So this is your man Liah Burnley? Then both of you are hypocrites! Dink crazy bernie's cool-aid!
Sen Sanders, Medicare for is the only solutions. Let's start strong campaign on Medicare for all.
Far from perfect? Why did you vote yes for it then? Why was it passed? It is not even workable. It must be removed
Where were you when it was being written? Why did you lie about it back then? How are you credible now?
I vote to destroy it!  It is all on dems fault it has failed!  not 1 repub voted for it.  ALL on u dems!! how does it feel bern?
It destroyed itself.
"If a law is unjust, a man is not only right to disobey it, he is obligated to do so."
Yes far and not affordable!!
Like putting lipstick on a pig
It's destroying itself.
Exactly
Let it fail as bad as u do
You've had time to do that and never acted on the concerns of the people. Why should we believe you now? You've been known to sellout.
Your following has gone way way down Bernard...what happened?
EVERYONE KNOWS IT WAS NOTHING BUT A PLOY TO FORCE GOVERNMENT CONTROLLED SINGLE PAYER - EVEN THE ARCHITECT JONATHAN GRUBER SAID SO!
The Republicans have taken something that needs a few tweaks, and made it 10 times worse.
"A few tweeks" wow how incredibly out of touch you are
....no we want to destroy it thanks though
I do hope so sir, if not ,this will be a disaster compared to Obamacare. Well-done sir.
You go Bernie all the way 2020 hell yeah
So what happen to single payer?
that might have been job for the last 7 years  - why didn't you do it?
You have no intention to fix it.to busy lying about Russia!
I concur with you Bernie
Bernie where did the 10 million go
Nooo, the unaffordable care act must go
The ACA was done in secret, pass it then we'll see what in it. The worst bill this country has ever made. Trash it and start over!
Why didn't u fix it before u put in2 law. Why don't u say what you really want- single payer.In NM rates are going up 23-85 % this year
Single payer is the answer stick to principles of, healthcare is a right, it is wrong to have 17% of GDP going through health insurance comp
The issue to me is that, knowing it would only be temporary fix, they pushed it through anyway. Now look what we're facing.
Yes..Obamacare is working great in some places..fix it where it not working.
So true sir!
ACA is a disaster. Single payer is the only option that will truly cover the average American.
get outta here commie
Single payer isn't even a communist idea
Ik lol
If you remove the mandate 15 million loose their healthcare. By choice.
No, you need to repeal the ACA.
You are so right!
Sadly, 45's only concern is getting the tax cuts.  It's the only way to get more money from his benefactors.  Sad!
@SenSanders why would we trust your decision making you were part of this bad law. You want to take our mo ey, while you protect your money.
You had eight years to improve it.
How much are you Bernie pocketing for cowriting the worst parts of Obamacare that hurts Americans including penalty?
Yes!  It was designed with heart and kindness toward human beings!
If it's FAR from perfect, then why NOT trash it and start from scratch???
Get #DEMS to work on improving #ACA instead & consentrating on how bad the other side is TAKE IT TO THE PEOPLE Take a page out of #trdtrump
First stop taking tax money from people who can't afford insurance.
@SenSanders Yes... #SpeakUp
The investigation is a warning Ole Buddy Bern. #TheShadowKnows
Forced upon me by lies, deception and fraud.  I say let Ocare keep sinking.
And your plan is? Let's end subsidizing and penalizing.
Bipartisanship in the wings?Republicans awaken to Trump dereliction of duty and careless disregard for human life!
Improving it would make the most sense, which is why they won't do it.  With Rep. and Trump, it's always about more money for already rich.
No.  Your job is to repeal and replace it.  And then get impeached!  #impeachberniesanders
Sir ur right it was bad plan from day one Obama knew it , Ur Party wants single payor that's a full blown Gov plan, Ins Co are leaving.
I agree with Bernie on this for once.
Uh, republicans are trying to improve it,  jackass
So why didn't you do that in the first place instead of perpetuating the lies of Obamacare? keep your plan, your doctor and save $2500,
You did when you threaten people with jail if they dident get it you Sell Out
You would think Paul Ryan would know this by now....or maybe he does, but....eh..
Repeal is the only truly effective option because SOCIALISM FAILS EVERY TIME IT'S TRIED!
The Republicans are idiots if they don't let you guys run Obamacare
Into the ground and hang the wreck on you guys!
GOP sabotaged it in 2014 by eliminating risk subsidies 2 make  make it hard to sustain. Then, they said "ha-ha" we proved it would fail.
If you want to improve the healthcare system, then get your greedy hands out of it.
"Far from perfect" it's D.O.A. like ur liberal message. Go take care of ur wife, looks like she could use the help. Puppet for #hillary
Lol, pedants gonna pedant
Glad you're on the case and not taking and context for statements
WTF Bernie, isn't that Hillary's line?

Replace the ACA with #SinglePayer
No, our job is to replace the ACA which was essentially just health insurance reform & replace it with real healthcare reform, #SinglePayer
Trump is only in office to completely undo LITERALLY EVERYTHING Obama did as president. I'm not even 1% wrong.
Bernie, I hope the dems are working on the details of HOW to improve #Obamacare
Sorry, but something so bad cannot be improved. Trying to improve it equals surrender!
So NOW you realize the ACA is far from perfect? You loved it so much you voted for it. NOW it's not perfect???
It's a lead airplane Bernie.
EXACTLY 
So the Senate I heard doesn't want to take this bill to the finance committee? What! We need Medicare for all. No brainer.
If it ain't broke don't fix it! If it is broke don't try full engine rebuild when it's emission system repair. I'ts an auto metaphor get it?
Wrong
You jackwagons had 8 years to improve it.  Yet you did nothing.
Why don't you fix it.  Now is the time to step up. Free insurance is not for America.
#fixandimprove
What is you plan? #puddingcups
Our job is to repeal it.  If you want govt healthcare, feel free to move to a country with it.
Lemme guess..."let's fix damage done by gov't takeover of healthcare with...drumroll...MORE government!"  Great plan, you old Marxist!
What abt the poor bastard that can't even buy husain o care. Get your head straight and work with the other side of the isle instead of..
We gotta fight like hell for Single Payer. PLEASE don't let up on your bill.
Yeah. And this bill doesn't even come close to repel.   Have you read it?
I still do not see an agreed policy from the Dem Party that sets out its healthcare vision. You should vote for the policy not the person.
Ah now you're back peddling
Get rid of it, it crap, nothing affordable about it.  The irs( stupid) mandate  (no right telling any have to have anything)
No; our job is to REPLACE it with Medicare for All (but leave the ACA in place until that replacement is ready to go).
So you are doing nothing.  VT voters should have voters' regress
Gimme gimme gimme. It's all you people want now a days.
Far from perfect. It's a disaster!!!
Because it is not affordable (my rates raised over 500% total since 2010) and it is not care(my coverage is reduced since)-it is just an ACT
Well you shouldn't have voted for a bill that wasn't perfect. Shows just how out of touch with reality you and the dems are.

You think like that because you a very smart men
Replace with single-payer! Form third party to accomplish this objective! R's and D's is double-dose failure!
Bernie.....hey, Bernie......your party lost, get with the program. Losers don't make the rules. Go borrow some more money 
Why is it called the Affordable Care Act in the first place??? That's a LIE right there. It's not AFFORDABLE!!!!!
why did you wait uhntil NOW to decide you want ot improve it why didnt you go for national helathcare in the first place you hypoctire
You told me I can keep my doctor my rates & deductibles will go down u lied 2 me before now you're going 2 tell me the truth.#NothingBurger
Destroying it would be THE improvement.
This is what I believed all along. Unfortunately, Trump is hell bent on undoing anything Obama did even if it sacrifices those in need.
And what have you done to improve Obamacare?
#SinglePayerNow
It's as shitty as the republican bill. Get rid of it and start a debate on REAL healthcare, not insurance reform.
This is what I've been waiting to hear from Bernie. Single Payer is a great idea, but not convinced it is the way to go right now.
Spoken like a true entitlement politician looking for more votes so he can live in 3 homes! How's the FBI investigation coming Bern?
You had your chance; it is not salvageable. Time for the new administration to step in. #lovemypresident
Exactly
You aint gonna improve it,your gonna send this country to it's destruction with that former slave president,named obama
Amen Bernie.
EXACTLY!
You mean throw more tax payer money at don't you feed you friends so you can buy more houses you Liberal Loser. Keep you old plan remember?
Full repeal of the ACA is the only solution
It makes ZERO sense that you would fight for 22M but not a peep these days about the 29M uninsured. Ds & Is need to push HARD 4 #SinglePayer
Where can I find the specifics on the dems plans to improve ACA?  If you could get it passed.
That would be counter to the GOP goal of repealing ANYTHING Obama did
Thanks #BankFraudBernie 
Agree Senator Sanders! Let's find the nonpartisan in healthcare policy and get it done! @pp_action @pp_research
Or just go single payer.
A disaster that Never should has been passed
No, our job is to repeal Obamacare. Big governnent does not need to be in our health insurance business.
Voters voted to repeal and replace.
Single pay
I agree,, fix it so all people get health and rich pay their fair share. Let them have high deductibles 4 lower premiums.
Bernie. Getting out the truth!! Dark money&
Hypocrisy is destroying America, we as a nation
Need to stand together 
Yup, they had 8 years!
I think the focus really needs to include a deep dive into to insurance companies reform;
will you pay my current health insurance at $13,650.00 a year??
Oh Bernie. We know. That's why we voted for Hillary.
Of course it's not perfect. It was designed to fail in order to move us closer to single payer
Join with Warren and 60% of US for National Health Care- Medicare 4 All.
you need to say HOW. Dems need some proposals fast!
Why didn't you work on improving it during the last four years?
If you knew it was far from perfect why did you do nothing for 8 years?
Hey, y'all said it was perfect when you shoved it down our throats.... remember? We do
Let us actually address the real cost of healthcare, Pharmaceuticals and Insurance companies
His emotional words for a Socialist Democracy do not translate into country over party, but socialist propaganda over country...
North Carolinians Tell Vermont ~ Bernie Sanders.. The Worlds Biggest DNC Hillary Sucker.
Kill it. Start from scratch.
Cut the insurance companies out.
No one should profit from health. #HypocraticOath
Yes!!!! Keep talking...
YA HAD 8 YEARS FOOL!
#BernieBankFraud
Your job is protect freedom of citizens. NOT loot wallets of working people to pay for health care of others in violation of Constitution!
It is flawed at the core. Charging for people that choose not to buy something is wrong. Then the person who buys it gets no choice.
I'm a tad bit inebriated
Nobody looses anything. They get to choose! With crazy insurance why buy.
ACA failures create your dream. All americans on Medicaid
