So who WILL pay for it?
Maybe check all other advanced countries that have it and ask them
Immigrants left those countries to come HERE. You like them so much, go back. 
Classic reply of the uninformed or intellectually dishonest
So Americans didn't come here because it was an improvement over what they left?  Proof that you are intellectually challenged!
How much is it going to cost, Lib? You don't have a clue!
@edeywbr @SenJeffMerkley I agree that health care should be a right available to all. But what's the PLAN? Show us the map.
All for it, for US citizens.
 American First #MAGA
You people are on the WRONG side of my black history.TRUMP PRESIDENT My healthcare been ACTIVE so  DACA have insurance housing welfare WTF
PAY ATTENTION:  GOP bill to block-grant major parts of the ACA unveiled. CONGRESS MUST CONTINUE TO FIGHT GOP DEATH SENTENCE LEGISLATION!
Bernie Bro here. I approve of this tweet. More of this, please. Also, please get my Sens. Murray and Cantwell on board.
Absolutely! Now a medical problem/injury can destroy a household, many losing everything they have! Basic health Care is everyone's right.
We have all seen what happens when govt. controls healthcare, just look at VA. Vets died.  You are looking for a power grab.  #ISeeYou
How will this #Democrat pipe-dream be funded?
Do not buy it. Ask Seniors about Medicare......
My goodness Kamala read the constitution!  PLEASE
When people have guaranteed Healthcare they are more productive, confident & healthier Which makes a better human being  
A more productive, innovative human workforce!
LOL! First 5 lines are Republican! Republicans have always been for rich getting richer by claiming poor live off govt. Trouble is, their ..
Explain that to Californians who are already overtaxed and living paycheck to paycheck.
Not just Californians! That's the condition of poor folks all over the U.S.
Why would you not answer the question " should a convicted Felton serve in the senate
If you think Medicare is in trouble now, wait till you push the agenda of children on it. It's madness to expect that to happen
"afford"? if the government provides it, what is there for an citizen to "afford"? shouldn't the person just get it?
But if Governor Brown and others can put aside 30 million dollars for undocumented people why can't they do the same for healthcare instead?
How do we pay for it not just bs real numbers and to start all Gov will have same care
Already have piece of mind what I would like is to be able to keep a bigger portion of my pay! I don't care about sue n her 9 kids health
Universal basic income would help more people in more powerful ways. Push for UBI, end homelessness, illness and lack of education
Necessity not right. That said, If you can redistribute the payment plan it might have a chance. Let me know if you need help.
It's the same lie you tell about public education. You harm the very people you're supposed to be helping
Get back to Cali! They will eat that shit up! Dems keep digging that hole bigger.
So you and bern want to ruin my health care so people who choose not to work and pay for it can have it? Typical liberal B.S
Thanks
Other civilised nations have universal healthcare
Ya and they come to US for good health care. There's a reason for that!!
I want to see everyone have insurance.But the more I read the more first payer suonds better.With Medicare You still need a Supplement Plan
We all need more Peace of mind. Good luck Senator!
How about responsible ppl!! Go get a damn job that has health benefits and stop the handouts that have doomed us
I'd really like to know what if anything you've done to combate inequities racism sexism in criminal justice system -criminalizing blk weed?
It can't be funded! Obamacare can't be funded! & there now are low income Gov health care programs u want Socialized medicine you control!!
#LyingKamala #JustSayNoToGovtHealthCare #NoSlaveryForDoctors #HomeWrecker #GettingDownWithWillieBrown
My taxes are already over a third of my income, this bill means you'll be taking more. I won't be worried about getting sick, I'll be dead.
Anything Harris is for People stay away this Raciest lady wants you to pay for illegals and people that won't get a job.
RIGHT, Like Everyone And OBAMA CARE 
Health Care system you push down on people's throats.U should use the thing that you push so people like me will not call you a hypocrite.
Stay the hell out of my healthcare! OBVIOUSLY, Congress has no clue what the hell they are doing! Arrogant morons!
I don't believe it. Hypocrites like u have used the same nice health insurance exclusive to people like u for years. None of u use the
#rationing
hope to see YOU in 2020
Children 15 an younger i can support the idea of government  helping, But not all, 16yrs an up can start to work, Trust in Jesus helps alot
Agreed but don't promise the unachievable.Not all people are stupid that's why they don't follow Bernie/Trump.DT shld make Bernie VP.
Universal healthcare works great in other  countries. #ImpeachTrump and #DrainTheSwamp so we can truly #MAGA
That why Canadians line up for medical procedures in US because not available to them in Canada? Someone pays always called TAXES. #MAGA
Raise taxes and let Washington DC take care of you.
Single payer. If you're gonna go, go!
Black people healthcare and dental hasn't lapsed so WTF you taking about how people been treating other people snobbery on healthcare 
I'm not interested in govt telling me who I can see and when. And I'm not interested in my taxes going up for crappy healthcare.
Seniors on Medicare have this and it's there for THEIR protection!! W/o Medicare regs, seniors would be low in #! Way more over charged too.
My parents are on Medicare and they have to have supplemental insurance because it's so crappy. At least they can afford to do that.
I agree Medicare isn't perfect but w/o their regulations these providers wouldn't be held accountable like they are. Same for meds.
You'd be surprised at how much Medicare protects their recipients that would otherwise be vulnerable and unknowing. It can be improved.
That's what they've been saying about Obamacare. I have always had a job and gotten great healthcare. Don't want govt involvement.
I've always had a job and have healthcare too, but my benefits aren't great even working for insurance! Lol so I don't go to Drs. 
Not everyone who works has good coverage. But I'm sure there's arguments for that too. HC is a privilege right?
I have two sons and pray daily they don't get broken bones or in a serious accident, we just can't afford it.
50yrs Canadians pay in their taxes according 2 income & get healthcare 4 ALL. was diagnosed/w cancer,had surgery, radiation & chemo. NO BILL
Hoping you are successful in your fight for healthcare coverage. It's definitely durable.
At the expense of others. Cause we as government will confiscate others money to subsidize your existence. #democratsstillproslavery
Um you and your party would be the last people I want anywhere near my health ..we want to live
#MedicareForAll
Hold the phone a minute, I thought Obamacare guarantees that?!?! #Imconfused
@BernieSanders @SenSanders #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Healthcare 
Thank you for time and work on this crucial issue!  Medicare 4 all!
We can do better than you for President
If you're going to get people to support single payer...you have to get them to understand exactly how it works...
You @KamalaHarris should be leading the fight no @SenSanders . I'm sorry but he is truly Kryptonite for anything worth doing .
Bernie drafted the bill.
Who cares if the country is $20T in debt and there's no food? At least you have sub standard health care!
