Is that why you took advantage of a church and a small college? Bankrupted them while putting hundreds of thousands in your pocket?

Any more smears from the establishment dems and the GOP? #BernieSmears
Bernie is part of the establishment - he joined their ranks when he endorsed Hillary and cost himself a good shot at winning the election.
I don't see it that way. He endorsed her, which I supported. He pushed her to the left (at least in the platform) & he campaigned for her.
That doesn't make him part of the establishment, that makes him pragmatic. #BernieWouldHaveWon
You say Bernie would have won but he couldn't even win primaries in the first place to gain the nomination. Thus she soon stole it from him
I don't buy the "she stole it" rhetoric. I'm not a fan of her b/c of a million reasons, 1 being her smears of Obama and Sanders.
Wow, what a racist statement. #TwitterLogic #HRCCult
How is that racist?
/s
The @JoyAnnReid and @peterdaou revisionist view of 2016 consists of Bernie's racist agenda and misogyny.  #BernieMadeMeWhite
Share the love bro interested
It's beyond insane: https://twitter.com/rjdomos/status/883064018780409858 …
Not a fan of white supremacy. But thanks
can you tell me how these two correlate?
Cutting medicare by $80 billion effects the most at risk people.
That money is being shifted towards tax cuts for billionaires. #Corruption
Liar
I judge it by who pays cash for a $600K+ home, yet doesn't file FEC reports required abt where his camp money went. Bernie.
Excuse me, 2nd home. It's not $ from your main home.
Also, why you 1 of 2 Sens to block sanctions vs Russia?
Why hire Devine?
How's FBI?

Bernie has gotten a truckload of money quite quickly from some source. Hid taxes in campaign, wouldn't finish FEC filings, plenty fishy.
They sold a home in Maine, and then bought the $600k, 1,800sq ft home in Maine...(also, senators make $175k)
Even not raking in corporate donations, Bernie and Jane Sanders' respective lines of work are profitable ones. I don't understand the rage
Right? I'd be down to have a convo about congressional salaries if that's what they mean. That way senators can credibly speak about poverty
I notice such rhetorics come from centrist libs trying to strawman the entire left as a bunch of immature Stalinists that hate wealth
I’m afraid Republicans aren’t convinced
Not true. It's judged by what opportunity it provides for its citizens not by the handouts.
Wrong;  A great nation is judged by it's ability to be honest with itself
That too.
If the country was honest with itself and it's history Trump would never have been elected
Which is why universal healthcare is needed, like the rest of the civilized world.
That means more people will die than be saved.
That's right & it doesn't get more vulnerable than a child in the womb...which are being slaughtered in this nation.
Please tell me you run a foster home or adoption center and love paying taxes towards entitlement programs and fight the death penalty?
Yes, my parents did & I've followed.  Now tell me, instead of just voting higher taxes, do you give freely to help others until it hurts?
I do a hell of a lot more than vote & pay for higher taxes.  I can tell you I have a lot less than Bernie & willingly give time, resources.
Religious types should push for conception dates instead of birthdates. Until then point is legally moot. Nation of laws not men.
I would very much like to see the donations you've made cash wise and I'd like to know timewise the time you've donated to the poor
Amen!
That's what Hugo Chavez said! You commie!
Only if politicians do not break the law... If they do break the law, wealth is formed in secret.
It's judged by the health and prosperity for all it's citizens. Including poor and middle class.
Trumps an ass
Do you mean people who are too lazy to make a living and rely on taxpayers' money? No thank you.
Ok Bernie I will take that Fancy sports car you drive thanks and tell @SenWarren I take one of her houses
Well maybe would should have a socialist camp out & demand he opens one of his homes I would love to stay there and trash the place
It's so convenient to dismiss anyone's platform mentioning poverty as ahypocrite, since poor people have no platform. See the prob?
It's like "sure buddy, you don't even live in your car, leave the inequality stuff to the senators who are actually on food stamps"
Join the Democratic Party.
Why do you even continue here? Can't you realize people are done with you!
Says the man with a beach house and 2 other homes. Geez.
great post!
#SmashTheDuopoly
Thank you..
Thank you for your wise words always!
Tell that to the people of Socialist Venezuela.
Not exactly relevant, but then again it is. https://www.gofundme.com/please-help-to-save-charlies-life …  #charliesfight
Yeah, look at Sweden and there treatment of their own people.
Raising taxes won't help the poor of the poor, it just makes the walks grow larger
All rhetoric.
Yes.
Absolutely true, senator !
And how is that being done on the US  .. do u really understand how you look to the world ..
Amen!!! We have got to eliminate the ruling class era
Can I borrow a hundred bucks? I'll pay you back when I find a job.. promise
By you, perhaps.
Like kicking them out of their homes. 
Oh... You're a real winner.
Wallstreet Crash and Burn No Volcker Rule enforcement @ACLU @AriMelber @amjoyshow
Well spoken
How about a compromise. Increase taxes on all Dems,Libs,Progressives & Socialists & Leave the rest of us alone
That's really deep bro. No wonder so many are in your cult of personality.
Says the guy with a couple of houses and sports cars. Hypocrite
Shadilay!
Thank you for rational messages & consistent presence, especially while *our* beautiful White House is tainted by the drivel & verbal shame.
Anyone who supported trump has no business talking about ethics. He's been nothing but a scam artist since he went into business.
Jesus said Love your Enemies .
That's old news Bernie, fish n chip paper. But the great thing about fish n chips is they're a true classic. Keep on preaching #RealTalk
In Norway we respect Bernie.
BTW what the update on your 6th house?
Cool. How many of our most vulnerable people are you letting live in one of your extra houses?

A great nation is judged on how free its people are. God gave us Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of happiness. Not our Government. They take.
A great Senator shouldn"t be judged by pressuring banks to loan money to his wife's fraudulent loan #SCAM as the college goes bankrupt.
Assuming Tht which hsnt been proven even diocese claimed thy weren't bamboozled as critics assert. #ManufacturedGOPDrama 2 Smear Bernie
And a Half Million $ a Year for Your Daughter Teaching Woodworking at the Collegel You're Running into Bankruptcy? Keep Believing, Dave!
One Can Only Imagine How the Sanders Crime Family Would Run the Country with You Cheering the US All the Way to Bankruptcy.
Hyperbole aside Let's let te courts Decide Based on Evidence. I'm sure you "Trust Trump Family not to Bankrupt US 
What w Courts Decide thr
Too many corrupt activist Obama holdover Judges 2 trust legal system. $500,000 2 teach woodworking? U must think she's really good with wood
That's none of my business or concern. I still say leave it to the courts. Personally I took woodworking in middle school
He's also misrepresenting the $500k as salary for their daughter, rather than 3-yrs of funding for classes at the woodworking school she ran
Talk the Talk? Walk the walk. Used to have faith in you but a lot of questions being raised...
Oh, Doctor! It's not wrong to like money and nice things. It's how you accumulate them, and paying your fair share in taxes.
Fair share by law. No idea what HRC and Bernie have paid...no one's asked. As a tree hugger I don't like Bernie touring green with that car
...yeah, and the problem is the fact that the billionaires don't care how great this country is, only how much they can profit from it.
By "most vulnerable", do you mean unborn babies? Or the next most vulnerable?
Fetuses are not people
As our poor in the U.K. have access to free healthcare, housing and money I guess the U.K. is good
Not all poor have access in the ever shrinking housing, healthcare and benefits system in the UK. Tory ideology  #CutsKill
They get for FREE all of them you have listed above, the majority of people on benefits in the U.K. choose to be so
You have no idea.
Yes I do and you'd be surprised. Honestly if you think we don't look after the less fortunate then have a trip to Asia or Africa
Like Venezuela
We are a great nation ! Compare our capitalistic way of life to socialism ! We are the most generous nation in the world .
Yeah, I mean, we give more bombs than anyone else!
A very sensible person but failed by the stupid statusquo
which basically means that with Trump as President, we suck.
And socialism is the answer? History taught you nothing.
Very true Bernie.
And America treats its people with such disgust
You are so right on
We have done an amazing job of pulling people out of global poverty and for you to imply any different makes you foolish.
yes and amen.
Burn please you can't speak for democratic party
Then we get a #F!!!!
"What you have done to the least of my breathren, you have done unto me"-Jesus
Exactly ! 
Indeed that true.
#facts
Is that why you support #killingbabies ? #DefundPP #PlannedParenthood is #murder and #genocide you only crave #power
Paddy, have you signed yet? http://Defundpppetition.com 
hey Bern, how about eliminating the PMI on FHA mortgage real estate loans ?@senatorlavalle @realDonaldTrump give the middle class a break !
We must empower those who are underrepresented and help the needy. Thank you Bernie!
And how our politicians commit fraud!
And Trump doesn't care. We are living in a country in decline under Trump's administration. Things will likely get worse before better.
Your time would be better spent working on you wife's criminal defense
In that case we need #basicincome to be a great nation &should judge ourselves accordingly for not already having it
You are 100% corrrect!! Niw telll that dolt of a president.
Yep and it's time we gave our poor and vulnerable a break and make  the rich pay their appropriate taxes
Bernie, you should be hitting the streets for dems instead of regurgitating the same stuff. Or instead of keeping support from Democrats.
SOCIALISM IN ANY FORM DOES NOT WORK!
True
Ahhh bullshit!
@robdelaney Sounds great.
We love you Bernie because it takes a real man to protect the vulnerable

Lock up "old" BERNIE who folded for HILLARY.  Should have fought. DRAIN THE SWAMP
Bless you Bernie
To the hardest working person in the Being an Awesome Human business, THANKS!
(my dude, with THE dude)
How many homes do you have bernie?
Bernie go help your wife as you guys get ready for jail fraud
Have you realized your message is falling on deaf ears yet?
bank fraud
How does driving a 80k Audi take care of vulnerable people...

Asking for a vulnerable friend...
Which is why I support allowing them to thrive inder their own motivation and skill should they choose to, rather than just free money.
Yawn
Like you stealing from the vulnerable to line your bank account?
Starting by white collar crime victims whose cases are being obstructed by partial & politically influenced judges
Since Democrat policies starting with LBJ's War On Poverty cost TRILLIONS and yet the number of people in poverty is the same, that failed.
American jobs are gone, every major corporation in the US is headed by a Republican. (I looked it up.) What an amazing coincidence!
How did your wife handle this obligation with the students of her college?
Bull Crap
And animals.
Shit. We don't have the right to judge anyone but ourselves. Not preachin', just sayin'.
Okay, I'm trying to think of the countries, who if they judged America harshly, would make Americans feel bad. Hmm. I'm having trouble here.
so USA is NOT great

You mean like the vulnerable people who have lost loved ones killed by illegals?
This............
With all the money you have you are sure full of B.S.!
Then we are judged most harshly. 
We have been saying that in the UK for the last 7 years!
Well, you want to enslave them to the state so what does that say about you?
Sadly in the U.K. we no longer do so well on the latter but excell at the former and Grenfell is the most recent example
That's reassuring, Mr.Sanders; well the truth comes out you nit wit. How're you still talking whilst F.B.I. investigation?

Vulerable people, eh? I do hope you're referring to the tax payers and the homeless and our Veterans!
We as a society must always care for those who cannot and provide incentives for those who can but choose not. What are your incentives?

New twist on Gandhi's quote.
Cultural appropriation..shame!
St. Bernie the socialist/communist
so not a great nation then.  a really really really bad one.
Is that so?
If the USA stopped spending money on wars, it could look after every American citizen with Healthcare & Education. It's that simple folks.

I'm 50 grand in debt from school loans I'm pretty vulnerable wanna swing me some money?
#same preettyyy pwweeezzee
I'd vote for you again! @SenSanders
Socialism sucks
Your socialist policies make people more vulnerable.
Really?   Show me that publication....
Gandhi of our time.

The rich here have never had to worry about any judgement consecquences..thats why living costs strangle any without high priced schooling.
Why Tf didn't we elect this old wise man ?
And you sir, play on the weak minded with fear mongering.

Our great nations federal government sucks right now
Your collogueges fired BClinton for having many many women!Gangrich Fired for stealing. Nixon fired for cheating. POTUS  cheated as well....
 you're the most compassionate politician of our time 
not only the vulnerable people but ALL people! you don't care about these people only what sympathy can do to forward your agenda
Very true.  For example, China has more billionaires than America.
Then where were u when veterans were dying on waiting list? U been in govt 40+ years.

America - you need this man as your president.
I love you Bernie!
True statement.
One LOVE 
FDR felt the same way.
You keep saying the same crap... what are you going to do about it?
@nikhilmkss what a great thoughts.
America is great but is becoming greater still in spite of left this communist crazy Bernie, the fake news media, & self serving politicians
I'm judging you guys on 45's tweets, personally. Not looking good for your rep I'm afraid 
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jul/6/gop-lawmakers-ask-ag-intervene-after-bernie-sander/ …
Thank you, Bernie.I know you're really trying to help but are those in control listening?Do we have a chance to make them change their plan?
Go sip some syrup in VT Bernie @SenSanders !! You're a Yuge part of the reason we have trump now! Crawl back in your hole, ego maniac!
And look how Trump and gang are treating Americans including the press.
Lets See Aren't UBeing Investigated 4Stealing 10million by falsely claiming assets? Than College went titsup? You're A Fraud BS #Folded2HRC
Where was your concern when you & the Dems Ramrodded the disgusting Obamacare Bill down America's throat? Judgement anyone?
Lovely sentiments,also love the fact that you working hard on stopping child trafficking ,saw wonderful/tragic documentary netflix "Jane Doe
And how does America treat its hard up....like a baby treats a nappy.
This is so true.
EMPATHY? - I DON'T BELIEVE SO.
Politicans like @SenSanders have no idea of what financial hardships average Americans are experiencing.
@DNC
No, really it's GDP and military strength.  Your policies weaken both of these.
https://www.etsy.com/au/shop/UniquelyCopper?ref=s2-header-shopname …
And we're failing miserably
Yes wish this idea becomes a  yardstick of measure in my nation Nigeria.especial among the political elite.
.
Yes!
Jesus is the judge
In a great nation there are not too many disadvantaged people
Why we can't have Canada healthcare policy
You can.  Just denounce your citizenship and move to Canada.
It is hard to hear one preach who clearly is not in the same tax bracket as myself.
Main Nahi Manta ki bharat Mahan Hai, prantu insme mahan banne ki shamta hai.
Bank Fraud
Mouth breather
Right. A measure of a nation should b how much happier, safer & healthier people are or high level of public service people get out of gov't
Our government hates the poor trump said so in Iowa # brown shirts
Hitting that class warfare hard today I see?  Oh that's right, it's Thursday!
