A clear indication that it is the wrong move to make to our health care system!  Vote NO!  Kill #grahamcassidy now!  #healthcaredebate #CNN
How much did you get paid by the insurance companies?
Lobbyists=Bribes
Thought the health care business/organizations were the problem? All about profits, now you love them.
Why are they pushing death on American people?
And fix ACA. Single payer needs to wait. Be realistic.
They are  opposed because they made a bundle off of Obamacare. Insurance co.raised rates. Hospitals raised rates
I hope everythink is going to be succesful now! :-)
Agreed Bernie.... we must safe our health care and our country.
The same way you defeated Hillary?
Your trolling in different names is annoying
@Mercedes8_S  I ain't trolling.
Amen!
Everyone has a right to have health care to stay healthy to be able to see the doctor and everyone has a right not to die
Exactly. Republicans are trying play God on who lives and dies.
Single Payer for all
https://youtu.be/obRWCy-cgw4  (all about health care)
By every major health care organization do you mean the insurance industry who don't want us to be able to buy insurance from out of state
#Healthcare 4 the ppl
Fight the right fight healthcare 4 all. Ask everyone working on the Hill 2 give up their AWESOME #healthcare. While they want 2 destroy
#Republicans: “Ok. Let’s just pull out their IV’s, wait for them to start dying, and then tell them that it’s the #Democrats’ fault.”
Thank you for being a voice of reason. From an old Ga farmer.
That's probably a good sign
#VoteNewUS 2018 @OurRevolution, because #SaveUS wins are produced by U$A Greedy One Percent @GOP plutophiles' @DNC @RNC politicians' losses?
Fuck the organizations. Americans come first. Go to sleep dirty Bernie.
Bernie Sanders for President!
Bernie, continue to lie just like you did during the primaries and your career will end by the Grace of God!
Republicans r eugenecist.they r out to finish off the weak nd poors. universal health care is the right of the ppl.

@allahsgood You're in the Netherlands? 
Netherlands with 3rd world refugees is now a banana peel!
JUST AS I THOUGHT you're a muslim!
Typical socialist. Always looking to take what others earned.
Hey, we have nice roads to that proves socialism works.  Laughable. Our country was built on the rights of the individual over all else.
We can't abide Medicare.

Because they will have to compete, and will not get free tax payer money for bail out. Health Insurance welfare.
Defeat it so you and your congressional scum cronies can remain exempt from “it”?
get on with it, the sooner the better. It's DOA again. #Impeach #DonaldTrump #MAGA #DumpTrump #LockHimUp #ShutHimUp
This literally means we are doing something right
Why is that Bernie? Not getting paid off enough? Weren't you supposed to go on tour? Last I heard you were the Democratic party's Golden Boy
So was obama care. Shut up bern
So was Obamacare but they were too scared to oppose it yet they thought they would make $$. Tell me that's not true!
Every "major" being the key word there, huh Bern??? Same "major"'s that give to liberal campaigns I'm sure!! #Liar #BernInHell
That was a rich care bill
The people who tell me #SinglePayer wont work also complain about working OT or how hard it is to pay their med bills...imbeciles.
I don't want to pay for something I don't need. Get rid of it. Mandating Obamacare is stupid. Land of the free. I should choose if I want it
You can tell who for us and against us #HealthCareDebate
I thought that was a good thing
Right on..
We also want all of you to stand up and HELP PUERTO RICO !!!!
So basically every major health care org stands to lose money while you are lining your pockets with their money flapping your pie hole.
your a Sell out bernie endorsing that pig clinton how much did they pay you>
Graham-Cassidy NOT Perfect But More State Power GOOD 1st Step. Next? FIRE the Insurance Companies! #RealDonaldTrump
Yeah, fuck insurance companies. Why would you want to give your money to a middle man that may or may not cover you?
Right on Bernie
Yes keep us in Obamacare Col Sanders.
Lol commies getting upset bernie. Health freedom or bust!
BTW, I think the real sellable plan is public option. Becomes Medicare for all those who want it.
Great job tonight Bernie. Keep it up
You lie Bernie!
Bernie, wake-up! The healthcare industry is financially raping Americans & you're saying they're against this so we should pass! Dumb tweet.
Isn't every major healthcare organization in it for themselves?  This post is irrelevant.
Bernie I heard the major health care organizations saying the same about the Obamacare you do love... that's why they pulled out of it...
Bernie no one believes u anymore. U make up stories, stooge for the dems and your wife is a thief that should be in jail. Suck it
Of course they do. Who wouldn’t love a law that forces people to buy your product?
But how will we fund the military?
And private yachts aren't cheap, neither are golf club dues. Trump should know
Of course they're opposed to it, they have to be! $ profit!! My beef is they offer no suggestions for change or sacrifice. #ItTakesAVillage
They act like they have an unlimited amount of healthcare. It's expensive because we don't have enough of it. Giving out more won't help.
I didn't realize how bad ObamaCare failed DOUBLED American's healthcare rates $5000/yr more for average family & nearly eliminated choice!
Cost have gotten out of control, much like student loans. once govt took over, college costs have escalated. Y’all did same thing w/ hlthcre
What about you having obamacare too .!!! It sucks for healthy Americans high premiums and high deductibles.!!!!
you establishment 1%ers are all the same only your lie to win elections will be "single payer" instead of the (R) lie "repeal and replace"
Of course it is.. it doesn't profit them like your push does.
U should be out there opposing costs associated w/ heath care, like why it cost $500 for a Tylenol in a hospital. Cost have risen since ACA
Your job is to sit down and shut up.
It's Not Dead Yet! Thank You Senator Bernie Sanders!
That's great they know its going to cut into there profits
ur job is 2 take the carveout  from congress & the STAFFon the HILL go back to the way it was when I knew my ins agent & he knew me
Maybe because they would lose money with the new healthcare bill?
They are an industry, looking out for the bottom line first
That may mean it's a good thing
Yes, Socialist Venezuela Healthcare for all!
Defeat? So you see it as a war?
y wer u in St. L during the riots? Seeing to it that his pd ppl were doing what he told em 2 do? Ur ocare doesnt covr anything 4 me Meds Drs
Youre one sorry millionaire Bern.  You're plan will cost people paying the taxes $20,000 a year

You mean just like Obamacare! Insurance companies already dropped out and I ain't buying yours!
Of course it is they are getting gov subsidies and their gov handouts will go away
Who really wrote the bill?
if it is opposed by major health care organizations it probably means it is on the right track...i guess they must LOVE Obamacare then
Show us your socialism way Burn man!
Great job on the debate Senator!
#HealthCareDebate #DumpTrump
In other words it must be good for the people.
I wish that you had talked about how @marcorubio removed the risk corridors. The ACA was SABOTAGED. That is why it has most of it's problems
please don't fail.
Yea, it's called crony capitalism. If I had govt forcing people to buy my product, I'd be against people overturning that legislation too
What about all of the advocacy groups ?
Yes, defeat it by emphasizing how the ACA can be successfully upgraded and fortified. Alexander-Murray can reduce 'sabotage' premiums, now!
Please Bernie don't try to capitalize on this. Your bill is not good either. Sometimes some people need to help quietly
#killthisbill
Big f'ing deal. It was DOA, so stop patting yourself on the back for nothing.
Be couse they will loose profit they don't care about are health or it would be free
Career politicians have got to GO! Special interest groups have got to GO!
Please Bernie, let Obama care die. It is a giveaway to big pharmaceutical and big healthcare. The CEOs make millions. Why do we want that?
Tell @BillCassidy no other doctor but him advocates this. Disgusting for him to use that background in this irresponsible manner.
#HealthCareDebate
What are you talking about. What lie in specific? You can't think of one. You have no argument. You are not helping.
Senator Sanders I am sure those organizations profit from the government benefits but your right! Agree with you!
You have a job?
so you think health care organizations should direct how Americans receive care? Didn't you say they were the problem originally

The GC bill can be improperly administered by each state & #MedicareForAll administered uniformly across the country. GC>harm #M4A<harm

The way you challenged Cassidy on the popularity of VA was brilliant. He looked totally defeated because he knew he couldn't counter.
Yawn
Repub closing statement "This bill is not about people...it's about money. It's about money & profits for the gigantic pharmaceutical comp's
Your job is to come up with a workable plan that doesn't just sound good on the surface. Medicare for all + secondary ins. if so desired.
Graham said it, it's not about caring.  That says it. Its about shifting and controlling.
well duh! People won't be forced to buy that garbage
!!!!!
We're working on it but one of my Senator's is @SenToomey.  Beekeeper and owned by donors.
Communism is opposed by nearly every American.
So why is Trump in bed with them?
Yea, then we will be left with the imploding #ACA
Bernie is really looking old and tired tonight in this debate. We need someone younger and with fresh ideas for 2020. Hillary - together!
Bernie is on fire! Wiping the floor. Jazzed and prepped to the max. Fighting for the real working people of America!
Bernie has serious medical issues. While at lunch the other day, he lost his balance & knocked over the Caviar tray. Better stick w/Hillary
Why won't you perish?!
Just think were we would be right now had you not helped elect Trump with your protest voters. Magoo you should be ashamed! #dopeyinvermont
But not with your plan.
I think your job should be to resign bernie the sell out boy! How many years did you serve our armed services?
Disappointed that you threw a curve call into this health care situation. Really. Crappy. Timing.
#NoMoreHypocrisy
Included in that group is...you guessed it...health insurance companies. 

But theyre on YOUR side now so trustworthy, yeah?
Dam right
True but not feeling the Bern.
PREACH
ACA is not the solution, but it's the first step to taking corporations and profits out of our healthcare. I'm all for $$, but not for this.
You got em bern!
Go go go, let’s do it!
Save the healthcare benefits!!!
Who the hell is filling your brain with this horse shit?
