Health Ins doesn't keep u alive...Health care does. One doesn't equal the other. Nurses know the difference!!
And they cant refuse treatment. Why is Bernie not understanding any of this. Oh yeah to gain total control of the ppl.
Actually, they CAN refuse treatment unless they are a PUBLIC hospital....
EMTALA forces them to treat any serious condition that is presented on their property. If it's not serious charity care should be utilized.
Unfortunately, What looks like a "not serious" condition IS actually very serious in many cases & patients have been sent home & died.
For example: I was sent home many times after "just" having a fainting episode that wasn't "serious enough".
Well, those "fainting episodes" was my heart not beating correctly. THAT was discovered after I was brought in after a sudden cardiac arrest
The issue isn't the quality of care you can receive, its how to pay for it. A sustainable system that continues the high standard...
cruel is 30 million uninsured right now & the millions of us that can't afford the HC system that the ACA gave us
So why make it even worse? Why not make it better?
it call #Medicare4All everyone in & no 1 left out. #HealthCareIsAHumanRight
Can't disagree with that. All in for it.
I didn't realize how bad ObamaCare failed DOUBLED American's healthcare rates $5000/yr more for average family & nearly eliminated choice!
For context, what did the rates do in same timeframe before ACA. Source?
Republicans are all sociopaths. They all claim to be 'christians' but despise everything Jesus taught. They're despicable people.
And it's just as cruel to say to millions you must take #Obamacare that you cannot afford & say to more millions, your premiums are raising.
So, you can afford an expensive ER visit without insurance, right?
And they were the ones so worried about death panels. They ARE the death panels. #HealthcareDebate  #GOP #GrahamCassidy
Attempting to create a stable financial system does not equate death panels. The ACA is already collapsing.
It's a moot point now. Ive always been in favor of a single payor system.
Healthcare only works if u use it idoits it doesn't guarantee anything rabblerousers
With $6000 deductibles , nobody can afford to use it after their premiums
Not to graham.  He has his guaranteed for life. Benefits.  Republican Party stands 4 I have mine, will con u to keep it.  Ur needs be damned
Let's make them live with what the rest of America has. We the people demand it. Only fair, right? Healthcare will improve then.
#HealthCareDebate #Depression 
Painting by my late father
This is amazing!
Like Obama did?
#BS

This is both ridiculous & ingenuously self-serving 

Translation: "We must keep our paychecks coming"
The economy is in the tank & 50% are on food stamps
medicare is what gets them through a medical crisis
Doctors are coming back to earth
Without insurance, I'd be left without access to the resources to control my type 1 diabetes & instead will die. That's why it's cruel.
Sooooo, you guys will never go on strike again?
U have to be a Rn to join or can Lpn join?
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/07/obamacare-is-failure-no-republicans.html …
They aren't! It gives more not less! Stop listening to #MSM and get facts not opinions
That is simply a lie. Don't believe the lie. Read and find out for yourself, not bc a politician told you so. They can't be trusted.
Someone please refer Dr Cassidy to the Medical Assn for violating his Hippocratic Oath.
That the GOP believes it's okay to do this is truly shocking. The very lives of others doesn't matter?! Who ARE these ppl to say so?!?!
You can't believe Bernie. He's a socialist and trying to mess with your mind.
Why do we the people trust rep or dem to fix healthcare??
Where were you when Obama took away our insurance and replaced it with Obamacrap?
it requires a level of psychopathy that should disqualify anyone from holding office. Sadly, in practice... meh. #healthcareDebate
Museum guide: "Fortunately, we replaced communism with capitalism in our society"
Repub death panels have reconvened. This isnt MAGA It is die quickly N decrease the surplus population
So NOT true! Who is telling you these lies??  Check it out for self and don't believe the lies.
It's the way of the republican party. Remember Cheney Iraq oil oil oil and it will pay for this war. Money and greed thats the republicans.

#PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief SEND WATER @Aquafina @dasaniwater @PolandSpringWtr @NestleUSA @ArrowheadWater
#HealthCareDebate #theresistance 
It is cruel and immoral to say to millions of Americans, "We're going to allow people to steal more from you." #HealthCareDebate
LIES, LIES, LIES
DEMOCRATS took HealthCare away from MILLIONS of hardworking Americans and destroyed the system.
But shouldn't Everyone put into health care??? If you give nothing, why should you expect anything?? Why should anybody pay 4 an abortion?
actually even more cruel for ACA to leave millions behind.
4 of my friends died in last year of Obama and will not be marching for #MedicareForAll that would have saved their lives
Well in Alabama everything has to revert back to primary insurance guess what they don't want play you bills on health care.  Credit rating
I'd like to know what Nurses and Doctors see as needed changes in health care, front line should start there
Well someone has to pay to repeal the estate tax for the Waltons and Kochs. /s
It is cruel and immoral to say to millions of unborn babies, "we're killing you because your mommies are selfish"
I monitored fed block grants received by Ohio in 70's & it was a disaster - massive wasteful spending & no accountability by state or feds
Stupidity does not become you! If you have an unreachable deductible, you don't have insurance. You have a bill with no benefits. Like taxes
It is ironic that the GOP has become the "Death Panel" they claimed the ACA created!
Well, I guess that's the world they want for us
Say goodbye to your free vicadin
It's also cruel and immoral for people to pay for THISin order to have healthcare
THAT IS NOT WHAT IS BEING SAID...
It's cruel and immoral to pass on to our children and grandchildren oppressive debt for our benefit. It's stealing from them. Disgusting.
If these guys were so for giving the states the ability, why did so many red states refuse Medicaid assistance from the federal government?

"we are taking away your literal life lines so we can transfer even more wealth to top 1%"
-GOP #HealthCareDebate
While they are doing this they are on the best healthcare and most can afford to get sick so heartbreaking and sad
It is similarly immoral for the state to use force to make Americans buy a product and dictate the terms of what products they are allowed.
The GOP doesn't actually give a damn about the majority of American.
No one in DC ever has until Trump. Obama screwed us all
A false emphasis on news is a constant these days.
Congress is just trying to pass the buck to the states so that it becomes their problem.
Good ideas do not require threats of violence to implement them
Hero's
BREAKING: Senator Hatch orders Graham-Cassidy health care hearing to recess as protesters in wheelchairs are removed by authorities 
Yeah, like this is accurate
Not to let the GOP tell it!!  Those folk will survive!! They don't it if the government has any say so!!
BS
NURSES R CRAPPED ON 2! EXPECTED 2 WORK 12 HR SHIFT & GIVE EXCELLENT CARE? IT'S NOT POSSIBLE,GET HONEST!HOSP.MAKE BIG PROFIT
Especially when it's a lie!

#GrahamCassidy 
MAKE CALLS
https://www.paul.senate.gov/connect/office-locations …
https://www.murkowski.senate.gov/contact/office-locations ……
Its really cruel
It is cruel and reckless... inhumane!  It is not good. 
