Tax brakes which will result in healthier Economy and more jobs so people can pay for college
That's just bs that they want you to believe...
I've never been given a job by a poor person, so tax breaks for the job creators! Free tuition will do nothing for the economy.
But Stu, tax breaks for the wealthy, like the Waltons of Walmart, has NOT brought better pay and benefits!
And what tax breaks for the wealthy??? There have been no tax breaks for anyone in a long time!
Neither. So many more important issues to throw tax payer money at. I'd rather see fed and safely housed children and vets.
Good news! We can do more than one thing at a time! If you're truly interested in vets and kids you should follow Bernie's platform more
Amen David! Bernie's platform covers health, education, nutrition, better paying jobs, Social Security increase, & clean elections!
Let's break it down even further
For PROFIT, PRIVATE prisons. Some would rather lock people up than to give them tools with which to succeed
They are given plenty of tools! More than I have been given! Some use those tools to get law degrees and to learn other occupations.
Poor you Stu, poor you. "I had to walk to school in the snow, up hill both ways " BS Stu. The very cost of higher education is a barrier
Poor little sheep. A barrier to what? A bunch of liberal brats given a free college education so they can stomp out free speech on campuses!
Never once called you a conservative Stu, although it's obvious. This is me and you, don't try lumping people into stereotypical categories
You are great but there will never be free education in this country or healthcare for all.  Our legislators don't have the vision.
Making college tuition free!!!
As a taxpayer doesn't it cost me about the same to put someone in prison for a year as it does to pay for a year of college tuition?
In the short run, but someone who gets through college helps you pay for the next person and lessens the load, an incarcerated person won't
It's almost as if incarcerating someone for a nonviolent offense is fiscally irresponsible.
I wouldn't say that exactly. I just think for many people, crime is mostly a result of their socioeconomic and physical environment.
Professors work free? An enslaved nation working for opportunists(elites).
(Cont'd) I cant even afford to pay my student loans now and I STILL have 3 semesters of my masters degree to complete. #CollegeIsARipoff
Free college tuition. I havent utilised my degree & I still owe almost $100,000. Not to mention my current salary's what I made 15 yrs ago!
Free College= Now my MBA is worth nothing. Thanks for watering down the value of my degree. Why build more prisons when you build schools.
Right because all Republicans are evil.
Well, look at what the Republicans vote for and who pays them for votes, follow the money and judge the evilness for yourself
Both sides are evil. We have been fooled to believe one side is for "us" and one side is against "us".
That's socialistic nothing is free! And that's you problem you believe it is!
T3 r
More accessible education resulting in more equal wealth distribution would arguably almost certainly lessen crime rates
Bernie, when will you learn, nothing is free. Someone some where is paying for the useless college degree. Teachers don't work for free.
Free college
Its more important in this UINIVERSE to make COLLEGE TUITION FREE FOR ALL THAN TO BUILD INCARCERATION BARNS run by and for theCORP ELITISTS
Some of these comments is exactly why America has fallen behind in education http://and.technology . Travel and you will see first hand!!
College should have been free. Stop squandering money to steal resources from other countries for rich to stay rich. We destroy to control.
Get a frickin job. Pay your way!
Hello
When Trump pledged to be the President of ALL Americans, he actually meant only the richest 1%--he has totally failed We the People!
Education and health care is a  human right,  not an option that we have to pay to make the riches richer and the poor poorest.
The former two.
Why can’t we create a free online college and technical school available for all which is privately funded?   Make sense?
Cough..more prisons..tax cuts for middle class..good start..we need more prisons..for when we get a AG..like Jeannine..swamp critters
Go away. You are fantasy
Make college tuition free!!!!!!!!
Lack of education is the source of a lot of problems, education should be free for all!
No more prisons...the correctional system is a broken machine fueled by human suffering.
What a good way to put things in perspective
in brazil; are made prision....unfortunally
How ignorant can some of you be ? Free tuition???? Where do you think the government gets the money to pay for that ?
Tax brakes more then free stuff and blacks of NFL colleges are still going to jail and you too maybe
I vote for making colleges tuition free. Get education, get job or career, contribute to the economy w/o burden of paying back student loans
How’s Kansas doing with those big tax breaks for the rich and corp’s? Pretty bad I hear!
Last month it was free health care. This month free tuition. Whats  next month? Free cars for everyone? #DrainTheSwamp
Ron Reagan GOP Trickle Down has been around since the 80s & disproven by Dems B Clinton & B.Obama. U called HC Evil 4 saying MAGA was same?
Rich men never give tax break on rich. They only queues the poor
The wealthy creates jobs. Prisons cut down on gun violence. No brained. Unless your a snowflake!
No such thing as free!
What a stupid comment. No, we don’t need to support the liberal universities or students. It’s time for them to learn to pay their own way.
@realDonaldTrump: want to win my vote? #forgivestudentdebt with tax reform.
The rich have been given enough breaks and have plenty of advantages.  It's time to invest in our people. Free college is a no brainer.
Keep reminding people of our nation's needs Bernie
If you want college tuition free then stop paying the leftist regressive college professors so much to brainwash young minds
I’m all 4 free college but not sure what any of it will matter if 45 causes WWIII.
Free doesn’t mean freedom
Make college free hands down. We don't need any more prisons and the rich don't need anymore tax breaks
Judging by the repeat offenders who are on the streets still killing people. I vote more prisons or just enforce the death penalty.
Every one gets a tax break. This is the way to get the "offshore" dollars back in the states.
You really believe that? Fact check last 50 years. Money staying in pocket
Or CEO severance packages for failing at their jobs
Free college
If we want to truly make America great again and become competitive in an ever changing market & world, Public Edu now!
So important. In Puerto Rico they can't charge phones. Trying to get solar chargers there. GoFundMe The link is  https://www.gofundme.com/Power2PuertoRico …
Well, those 2 have nothing to do with each other, so it's a stupid argument, but I'd rather get more money in than pay for your college
As U NRA Sen Sanders YELL call your Reps & U cant get just any 3 GOPers to join Dems in MAGA fight, U tell victims 2 wait til 2018-20 M4A?
That's SINISTER.
How many lives will be ruined bc NRA icon Sen Sanders did not get just 3 Gopers to join Dems in MAGA fight 2 save CHIPS, HC 4 9M poor Kids?
U Sen BS call a Sen GOP MAGA supporter of NRA, SCOTUS,Trkle Dwn Cuts & Military Spend courageous w conscious, but say loyal Dem HC is EVIL?
I cannot believe how stupid libs are.
Y @ most popular US Sen in a powerful Senate, U can't persuade just any 3 GOPers to join Dems in any or all MAGA fight as K-12 is destroyed?
POTUS will bring Dem's & GOP together for his Swan Song. He said he could do it.
With all of these crazy leftist criminals, I would say we need more prisons for them.
Tax breaks for me 
SNAP....exactly the same in the UK.
The rich should pay more tax instead.
More prisons.
Duh full prisons profit corporations and tax breaks for greedy stingy rich pigs!
What is the definition of "free?"
If you want a degree that is worth nothing, make them all free. Get what you pay for.
Time spend for study & difficulty is the thing wich make a diplome worth something ...
By your logic, the hardest thing is to get a loan ...
It would certainly be cheaper for 99% of the American people to make college tuition free
Tax breaks.
#CollegeForAll
@SenatorLankford ?
well that depends on if you are trying to control a population or not....
Neither. We are subsidizing the rich and crippling the poor either way.
Nothing's free big you pay one way or the other
Duh.
@BurlingtonEdu is tuition free!
Some time educated people some times educated people need incarceration 
300,000 men a year was in the prison system in 1970. Now it is 3 million and people are getting rich by not rehabilitating inmates.
Depends. If it's a free tuition to get a neo Marxist/ post modern indoctrination I'll write the check to the Rich myself.
You already have been sending them checks with every oligarch you’ve voted into office.
Lol fancy word using troll.  Keep up the good work!!
MAGA!!!!
And forgive existing student debt
I don't know, would you like to be educated or not get killed?
According to this bored millionaire, yes it is
You don't deserve free tuition.
A more educated population hopefully leads to a more civil society, unless they are business degrees or lawyers, then it is corrupt.
People who don't believe climate change, sorry, the Earth doesn't care what you believe, the science is in, climate change is occuring.
Lol. Epic. Musician trying to school us on climate change.
You are feeding such stupid proposals to people who you know will support you. Class warfare is your game. What’s with prisons?
Why is America the last to accept what is possible in other countries? We need colleges, look how ignorant our population is, Nazi's & KKK
You right about this . racist Donald Trump, would like people to forget about the important thing.
No
None of the above unless prisons are needed. Higher ed. for most state institutions is affordable & if not subsidized loans are available.
We'll need more prisons when @POTUS is done draining the swamp. So - more prisons please.

Thank you Captain Obvious
And universities with billions in endowments don’t have enough money so the government needs to provide free tuition
And universities with billions of dollars available isn’t enough to help students. More government handouts are needed.
None of the above.
I dunno, but I'm glad our taxes subsidize sports franchises...

#SocialistSports
Let me think on that one.....yeah got to go with the prisons
Boy this is an asinine statement. Another reason we are losing faith in higher education. Get a job.

>calls Sanders filthy rich for making a little over $1M last year.
>ignores the entire Republican party.

Lol ok lady
Bullshit. It's tax cuts for all. Except of course the 50% that pay no federal income tax.
except there's no thing as 'free tuition' (Subsidised, rather) and the wealthy already pay the vast majority of taxes in US
You r a socialist which means burden tax payors 2 pay for privilege that is already there.  We r not a socialist country. U r old news.
The GOP wants a prison based economy
Have you stopped beating your wife yet?
Well it seams to be the Trump way.
Two problems. 1. Your answer depends on who you're asking 2. Who is making the actual decision. Corruption will win this again.
The rich tax breaks is many problems. No holiday jobs. (Even Bush added jobs 4th quarter, Trump sucks.)
You must be referring to 41
Haven’t you heard fm tucker, get rid of illegal immigrants, and there is enough money saved to pay educ. cost & more!
Yeah.  He's lied his azz off.
Sanders lies all the and his wife is a crook. Oh, still a Democrat, the party that screwed him over!
Most honest MOC, and he's still an Independent/Dem Socialist
Let’s compare apples to ufo’s.......
Taking a knee, during the National Anthem is symbolic for wrongdoing. Cheating on your TAXES, deprives our military, students and healthcare
So Who are the real I unAmericans
Taxes have got nothing to do with the governments ability to spend into the economy! Stop pushing false memes!
If everyone has a degree, the degree becomes worthless.  Everyone will need a Masters then PhD.  Good job devaluing a college degree, commie
You'd still have to pass school...not everyone is going to be able to earn a degree just b/c they can go tuition-free.
If this is what we get for a Senator I don't want u BERNIE SANDERS! What a stupid Question! Your Rich Bernie WHAT ABOUT UR TAX BREAK SANDERS
how abortion and free birth control or tax reform and an investment based economy
Neither. It is more important that every student learn to earn independently than issue plea for free tax-payer funded entitlement.
Yeaj
Is there still a building craze of prisons? But i am a firm believer in a free education option for our population
SENATOR THE MINDS OF EDUCATED STUDENT'S HAS BUILT THIS NATION AND WORLD WITH DISCOVERY! AND INGENUITY !AND A STRONG BACK!
NY did it other states can too!
Yes. Cause we need jobs..rather than lazy people , that don't want a loan or work Thier way..and have the tax payers pay..stupidity
Stop with this fuckery.
College is dead. It was diagnosed with a rare case of “youtube” in 2005/6 and it turned into full blown the internet is better than u by 09.
If u don’t need cadavers and u go to college it better be to play sports or fuck.
Bernie how much in donations did you take from Harvey Weinstein for election. #Taxpayers1st
Absolutely braindead comment!
All the other sumbag democrats took money from HW. No reason to think Bernie didn't.
So what if he did.....you do realize this is NEWS? Which means it's new! Came to light after donations.
Well if we can't have free college right away, then we might as well have WWIII, right?
Depends on who you ask...
You are rich you got donation from Weinstein
