Bernie it breaks my  to think u won't have this money to piss away or redistribute.Cry me a river
Hey INCOMPETENT BOGUS @POTUS @realDonaldTrump it looks like this Kijs dude here has bought the Don the Con routine .... Nice work!!!
Forgot to mention there once was a famous Democrat POTUS who cut taxes drastically for economic growth. Some guy named JFK.

John McCain:   ‘It Was Better Under Obama...’
Time Sensitive:

PLEASE SUPPORT, AND ENCOURAGE CONGRESS TO SUPPORT,  REP. AL GREEN AS HE SUBMITS IMPEACHMENT PAPERS NEXT WEEK.
The estate tax is immoral. Socialism kills.
Bernie, you and Hillary conveniently ignore the fact that your plans called for an increase in taxes, which would, conservatively, have cost, not create, millions of jobs!
Why do you feel the gov has a right to money and assets already taxed?  Gov greed is far worse than corp greed.
Why should the kids be able to inherit millions to billions of dollars and not be taxed?
Why should the government be able to tax money and property that was already taxed?
You fcukin commie Bernie. You socialists just can’t tax enough from the people. The estate break is for ALL s who have family assets. 
Funny how you only listed the minor wealthy that you oppose and not VERY Richest that support you like Bezos, Gates, Buffet, and Zuckerberg.
A person's income or net worth doesn't make the death tax less dispicable.

#TakeAKnee 
Are you supposed to be funny or something?
Yup, the "Good ol' Boys" club is still active!
WHO HEAR KNOWS ANYTHING ABOUT MALCOLM X
Isn't any bill reducing money to the abusive state (bringing terror to the world) a good thing?
why do you feel you have a right to take a family's money, when a Member dies?
They put money in trust funds and don't pay taxes the rest of us don't and pat taxs. Repeal the death tax.     
PLEASE.
But don't they have to die to benefit?
N they don't have to die to benefit, there is other things in there they benefit from,like cutting their taxes.Just google tax reform
Rather go back to College and take Tax classes again  to see how estate tax benefits the owber of the estate  rather that the benefiaries
They need to pay taxes,just because they have more than 5.5b shouldn't be taxed? Just keep taxing the middle class and poor?
Sure as hell benefits his kids,why u think the old fart wants presidency for,to help him and his buddies,the 1%,and secure his kids future
Save a million, lose Dad, that is warps. BTW the 1% pay sales tax, property tax, futa, excise tax and tariffs all to pay the middle class
Who benefits from your wifes mismanagement of funds for a college? Fucking fraud. Go endorse wall street again
So what happened @realDonaldTrump @POTUS to 'government of the people by the people'? (in case you don't recognise quote - A Lincoln)
LIEING and DECEVIEING doesn't help you socialist agenda
Respectfully, I think you'd do better to focus on how to incentivize more people to CREATE THINGS. Why keep trying to punish achievement?
Viewing $$$ wealth as achievement is violence upon this world. All the more reason to end it.
What's the pres to do if he can't profit from job
Or bank fraud Bernie as well
Hey Bernie you and your wife just commit bank fraud did you pay taxes on that money you stole
DISGUSTING
Do you really think we are stupid... We the people deserve a tax break... We don't own 3 houses
The problem with Democrats is they see everything as class warfare. EVERYONE should keep more of what they earn. Hint FLAT TAX.
The less money the crooked government has the better we are as a country.
Bernie you do by the way we never saw your taxes and I you helped trump to get elected do I say #Fuckbernie #NRAbernie #neverbernie 
Bernie helped Trump get elected by failing to prevent the nomination of the least electable Democrat in decades. (But he had a lot of help!)
you should include how many people they have employed, taxes $ they and we have paid and how much you and Obama gave to foreign countries
They've been paid more than enough for their service employing people. They didn't get to be that rich playing fair with everyone.
BS... the children of a guy living paycheck to paycheck but building a future for his children benefits too... leftist propaganda scum.
RELEASE YOUR TAXES!
The top benefits and the ignorant folk at the bottom are their biggest cheerleaders  talk about Stockholm syndrome
It's almost like the ultra rich can't hire an ultra powerful accounting firm to find loopholes. This hurts the middle class the most.
The farm that's split 7 ways and then sold off to the ultra rich to pay death taxes.
People listen to you. It is your responsibility to tell true facts.
YOU KNOW DAMN WELL IF #MalcolmX were here, you’d be done. DONE
Disgusting!!!!!!! What is their problem? Liars and theives!!!!
They're looting our country.  Why can't people see this?

Also a lot of assholes who don't care enough to care
Or to educate themselves. Or who are just to stupid to recognize a snake oil dealer come to dupe them.
Good greif, smh 
Thieves!
No no, you must be wrong. Trump said the tax changes wont benefit him at all and we can always believe what he says.  /s
Awe you made a little pic - again nothing factual
Bernie Sanders is a hypocrite
Trump, Paris Hilton, the Waltons all did fine even though their parent's estates were subjected to the "Death Tax"
Bernie u forgot to add your name on that list of names along with the rest of Congresses names after all y'all r also part of the 1% group
Capitalism, Healthcare and Democracy only for the happy few  ?
Trump Autocratic govt where a rich group governs,not the way it should be!Trump must respect the three branches of government & Constitution

Liar! To say only Billionaires have relatives that die with more than 2 nickels 2 their name is insane!  Double Taxing is wrong!
What would #MalcolmX think about you, Bernie??
I hope you can stop this. That is not right and unfair to the American people. We need the democrats back in office.
What about getting rid of the estate tax is unfair?  Taxing what has already been taxed is unfair.
MALCOLM X
Bernie plenty of middle class folks would lime to keep their inheritance like me for instance champion DOJ reform instead dont be a shill
the inheritance tax doesn't apply to the middle class. Only people with a net worth of $5.5 million or more.
All those assets and money have already been taxed but what the hell right?  Death tax is about gov greed and envy.
What you are advocating used to be called aristocracy/feudalism. Families ruled countries because they just handed the shit down.
Bullshit, they don't rule ppl.  The only reason you want the money and assets is envy and greed.
The waltons don't rule people? I'd argue reality is that they do. They control 2 million American lives. 

Greed. Lmao.
Yes, it's greed.  We vote on who reps us, it's not by birth.  If it was Clinton or bush would be pres.
Why is it a penalty to be successful and make money? That used to be the American dream.  Now it’s how to make just enough to keep some.
Release your taxes you phony. And stop grifting off off the Democratic Party, or join and support us.
@realDonaldTrump
How about we go through the members of Congress who make massive millions shall we @SenSanders?  Let's talk about how they too won't be paying an estate tax.  You're getting close to that marker yourself with all the goodies you've been given, but we can't talk about that huh?
I'm not sure what that has to do with anything. Seems like he'd be willing to pay the tax if he was this wealthy.
Yet another damn troll by Media Matters/ShareBlue. Bite me
Tons of democrats benefit from this too, Bern.
No , Coery , Republicans are the one that keep the rich richer and poor poorer
What did Obama do for the poor?
Plenty! Did a lot of good, only reason he was hated so much and blocked was because he's a black man! Only if he'd been a white man.....smfh
Estate tax kills Farms and Farm families.... but we arnt on the east coast so we don't matter do we Bernie
Doesn't -
https://www.google.com/amp/www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs/daily-southtown/opinion/ct-sta-berg-death-tax-st-0902-20160901-story,amp.html ….
That article is about a local Illinois estate tax, not the federal tax.
It's the same concept. I choose it because it was a liberal paper talking about the issue. Theses dozens of article's supporting it
No, that shows that incorrect gradation of progressive taxation is unduly burdensome, it says nothing about estate tax as a concept.
No. https://policyandtaxationgroup.com/estate-tax-horror-stories/ ….  But Bernie is a man of the people
Still no - most of those are pre raising of the exemption to $5.5mil, or people who think they might have to pay something, but don't know
Good, these folks sell useful stuff.  The state sells war, death and destruction.
Lol someone hasn't heard of the military-INDUSTRIAL complex. Who do you think makes the bombs and lobbies for more war
The state you fool.
No it's boeing and chemical companies are when they feel like it. State just contracts them out
So keep taxes high so your buddy the State can buy more bombs from those evil companies. Cuz profits.
No, nice straw man tho. Raise taxes on rich lower on poor and middle class. Healthcare and education increases to justify those taxes
Why do you hate the rich so much?  Cuz they're better than you?  The rich make good stuff.  The state makes war and other bads.  Long list.
Who said I hated the rich? Putting words in my mouth again. If by good stuff you mean tax loopholes and lobbying gov to give them handouts
How about anybody who has a family Member die that's who it benefits. That is what the tax is to tax people who inheritance of a home..
Good for them! They will spend these money on something more productive than taxes.
Why are we taxing peoples death ?
Wrong Bernie they will pay 35% as indvidual, 20% as corporation Kennedy and Reagan did same and got 4% GDP and job growth
You forgot your buddies Gates, Zuckerberg and Buffett
Yes Bernie - but I doubt that he's even given that a thought.
SHOCKING!
Keep them honest Bernie.
Gosh! I don't know anyone who benefits from this roll back.Are they part of the Dark Money group?
If you only had any ECONOMIC argument other than “but the 1%!!!l I would listen but you don’t
Glad I made 4 .5 million last year fewwwww. That one was a close one
Sorry bernie
you left Hillary Clinton and Obama bush, buffet gates zuckerberg every actor/tress in Hollywood out
People like you? #termlimits
Obviously people with more income will pay more or Less tax  as a percentage of their income
But, an average person's percentage means more
Why does the government deserve any money that's already been taxed, just because someone dies?
I do!  Please!!
The inheritance tax is a joke. Should never exist. Stop with your ridiculous rhetoric on that front.
this is your fault @BernieSanders !!!! #IblameBernieforTrump
I can't believe you think it's moral to apply a tax that only affects a small portion of people.
Family farms!
Larry David strikes again
Who benefits from Hillary and McCain's wars? Doesn't stop you from admiring them...
Hmmmmmm
2/2 NOT a millionaire or billionaire, and the gov. will take 1/2 of it. Don't make this a classist issue.
You're either mistaken or lying. The tax only applies to estates over 5.5 million.
so moronic of Trump to have hyped his plan for middle class tax cuts only & then do something as blatantly stupid for the 1% like this
How is this not illegal?
The estate tax is theft moron.
How many times does Govt get bite at apple. Not good enough that 1% pays more federal inc tax than bottom 90%. Have to hit them again
It's their money, not the govt's to take. #MAGA
Is there any chance with this? I mean are any reps in the house or senate against it?
Why do estate or income? Its easy to avoid paying both if you know the tax laws correctly. Consumption tax would be able to solve these.
And your helthcare plan would've bankrupted the country.
You mean saved?
That's what Burnie'd have you think.
Please stop pretending that any of these people would pay a dime in estate tax.  It is disingenuous, and you know better.

Then why did you commit fraud Sanders!
Yeh, but I bet old Bernie is not going to like having his state taxes removed for a deduction!
Estate aka deathtax.
But why tax them more on top of what they're already paying?
Do you not realize that we, the middle class pays more than a billionaire or millionaire.
Profits on investments aren't taxed until they are withdrawn. An inheritance task for amounts over 5.5 million isn't a double tax.
They think they earned it through the sweat of their brow; cheating, lying, stealing subverting, murdering, destroying!
The Waltons must have struck oil near that wee hoose.
whoa
BFD! WTF! Grow up and move on or move to Chad.
Nobody likes the rich, but it taxes money/property that has already been taxed. It's an unjust tax, no matter who it targets.
Wow!!!
Unbelievable and most crazy cuts in US history.
But...... where are the dummies from?
They already paid taxes on all that money you thief! Now you want to tax it again? It's not your f&%#$n money. Nor is it any one else's.
Why am I paying taxes if these billionaires and millionaires don't pay their fair share....sick of it Bernie....
I asked u 2stop scaring ignorant people, Thats a good thing 4us common folks that the filthy rich get richer They throw more money away 2us
Tom price is a tax eating bacteria. He gobbles taxpayers money for a luxurious life.
This is a titanic fight between two groups of blood sucking parasites.
Me, myself and I group of people

Guess Trump's a liar.... who would have known...
You made $1M last year. Average Vermont is $56,990. Will you donate $943,000 to Vermont treasury to help the Vermont income inequality?
also your so called estate could be anything from a double wide trailer to a mansion and the govt doesn't deserve to get that $$
We need to hound and vilify really successful people cos they are bad people. How dare they be more successful than us
Bernie, how come your list doesn't include Democrats??  B.S. is BS!
Do you also have a list of the current democrats who would benefit from this, too?
Uh, they aren't supporting the bill...
No! you  are afraid your pockets are not lined, your time is close to a end thanks to people for being smart.
Aren't you a millionaire? 
Trumps not worth 4bill, he probably is on paper but take away his debts and it's a lot less.
It doesn't benefit him. He said it doesn't, he even said "believe me". If that isn't a man I can trust, I don't know who is. S/ 
Hey Burn, so illegal immigration costs us 135 billion a year, college cost our kids 70 billion, you see a path to free college now? NO ILLEG
You forgot Bernie Sanders
So;your argument is that @SenSanders would benefit from Trumps plan, yet he's fighting against it for the betterment of Americans-good one
Just goes to show how the liberals have to hoodwink their supporters by not explain what an estate tax is and isn't #lyingtoourdemsupporters
Bernie, just how many US Citizens will benefit from 45's tax cuts?  Do we know how rich you must be to get in on the cuts?
50% of Americans earn 50K or less.  First 12-24K tax free zone is huge for poorer America.  Huge!  Statement is ridiculous!
@Destroy_ALEC
Southern Cameroon is calling on them to cam save them from the dictator of LRC gov't of Cameron free Ambazonian
What about a decently large family farm?
As a self-described millionaire, I'm ok with not taxing rich people twice.
Death is a taxable offense according to the will of Bernie. None should question the will of Bernie.
Imagine if these greedy bastards gave this $ to healthcare or Puerto Rico people may be ok!
Easy medical fix so I challenge all u to give
HOW MUCH DO YOU AND YOUR CROOK WIFE BENEFIT?You live in glass house dont throw stones.My wife and I want your ins. and your lifetime pension
Unless the top .2% don't employ Anyone (like Sanders, Hillary) this isn't bad news. They can hire more people. Take an economics class Bern
It just cancelled enrollment on the ACA
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/27/16374158/obamacare-mississippi-hhs-events … @SenWarren @SenSchumer
Now i understand why they want to replace Obamacare. Greedy lot
@ravngsofamadman 
Everyone that receives an inheritance will benefit. Rich, middle class and poor. What's wrong with that?
That's false. It only applies to inheritance larger than 5.5 million.
This one you are wrong on. Let those who earned their money keep it for their children....
Can we have clarification foe this "*"
You included. You fraud.
Leaked footage of @realDonaldTrump real talk about his tax reform (colorized).
It’s. Not. Your. Money.
Also, you, and Hillary Clinton.
#bankfraudbernie, u forgot to mention ur self,saggy tits Nancy, crazy Maxine,Charles Rangel, Pocahontas, Feinstein and other liberals.
Why don't we just eliminate taxation you economically misinformed old man
Bernie's dream             vs.                    Bernie's reality
Greed is alive and well in trumpland
Many business and large farmers.  Try  buying mine
Swampers all
All estate recipients should pay, its free money, just like lottery you have to pay taxes on it
Who pays taxes? People with money. @BernieSanders cracked the code.
This seems like propaganda
5.5 million isn't all what you think! It is unfair taxation.... you earn it you keep it! Tell the truth Bernie! #scaretactics
Your leaving out the part where this is the money the children pay for receiving their inheritance from their dead parent.
RAISE the capital-gains tax BIG TIME!
who pays the majority of the taxes in this country? The top 0.2%? Guess they'll get a cut as well. Duh.
Bernie fails to mention the democrats millionaires & billionaires, such as himself & other thieves in congress? Can't get rich in congress?
Yet, they are AGAINST the tax cuts, because they have integrity. Your president really really wants that tax cut though!
Unless you're leaving the US, he is YOUR President too. I'm not happy with him either, but I understand how the system works. Be civil pls
So, go work with the other side to find middle ground instead of constantly crying about it.
They don’t put that money under a mattress!  They buy stuff, which means people have to make stuff!  J O B S!!
What part of "it doesn't belong to you" is so incomprehensible?
Huh?
Stop being a communist. This is America, not the USSR. Socialism doesn't work.
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson Looks like you'll be benefiting as well Bernie. #Hypocrite
Say "IT ISN'T SO!" NOT SURPRISED. ALWAYS......"ALTERNATIVE MOTIVES and LIES" from this sitting President. Moving right along.
The idea only the rich benefit from lowering taxes on them is asinine and represents complete ignorance of economics.
Yet some still cling to the notion that @realDonaldTrump is the Middle Class’ Champion!? @kenpro11
Straight COMMUNISM stealing from the dead, next you will be pulling gold teeth...
they label it "Death Tax" to enrage working class people right out of the book on twisted propaganda
Why list only the politicians ? Several other wealthy Americans will benefit and spend their wealth in the US instead of abroad.
This is what happens when children are spoiled. They end up rotten adults who only care about themselves.
BOOM. EXACTLY.
#deplorablePOTUS #deplorablePOTUS #deplorableAdmin #deplorableAdmin #crookedPOTUS #crookedPOTUS #crookedAdmin #crookedAdmin #deplorableGOP
You never name Soros or other multi-millionaires /billionaires who agree with you, why is that?
Great work!
Wow. Um...
We cannot continue to punish people for earning money. We just need to end loopholes that allow them to avoid paying what they should.
You used to say 1%. Then people caught on that includes you. So now it's 0.2%? Which makes me suspect you're in the 0.3% now comrade. Grats!
Bernie the communist lying again. Funny how you left all the Democrat billionaires off the list. Quit trying to divide the nation with lies.
Post this where lots of Trump fans can see it.
 I want to see them self immolate
That is really ashame makes me sick.
really doubt Tillerson or Mnuchin are that rich..
Just think, your kids will get all of your homes tax free.
Should I feel richer already?
This is a straight up lie.
