No law would have changed anything, #DrainTheSwamp
Except he wouldn't have a gun and I doubt he would be throwing knives at the crowd from the Mandalay bay.
He passed the background check.
If we didn't have guns except for hunting and the military then he wouldn't have killed anyone.
Not true. No law, old or new could have stopped this mad man
Laws banning guns could've
That’s against the law.. 2nd amendment
The second amendment is bullshit
When a liberal says "Common Sense" you know he's completely & utterly lying through his teeth and full of shit.
#dontpolitizetragedy
Yes. Its time for congress to act. We don't want see something like that to happen again. Innocent people are loosing life every single day.
DON'T LET THEM DO ANYTHING UNTIL THEY DO THIS.
SHUT IT DOWN. NO DISCUSSION OF TAX CUTS OR ANYTHING ELSE THEY WANT. THEY MUST DEAL WITH THIS!
Absolutely Benie, folks outside U.S. make mockery of us. I dont think they have to experience this personally to realize its seriousness.
You would think a work around is illegal
I fully support the right for all citizens to own the same firearms that the writers of the second amendment had.
Then tell the other democrats in the deep state like Obama and Soros to stop causing the shit!!
If DEM/MARXIST/GLOBALISTS would stop shooting ppl, especially in Chicago my my how the stats would go down.

What common sense legislation stops criminals from breaking laws? Bring back public hangings. Show people what happens when you break laws
“Violence is a disease, a disease that corrupts all who use it regardless of the cause.” 
― Chris Hedges
thank you for your service to this country. the 2nd amendment is in place to protect us from tyranny. not for hunting or self defense!
Thank you for being our voice.
Your voice.  Not our voice. @BernieSanders is a bandwagon jumper. He has no integrity. If he did then he'd be paying for his health ins
No, Bernie IS our voice. You're just part of the minuscule 8% of Dems who don't like him & lie about him constantly.
Lol. Facts are facts. He would've lost to Trump too. You're miniscule 8% that want free stuff. The rest of us work for our stuff.
"Free Stuff" .. pfft! How about a service in return for our federal taxes? How about not dying in poverty and living with dignity?
Free college is not a service. Lol
State funded college is.

Every commodity is a good or service. Food/clothing = goods education/banking/legal advice = service
U want free food & clothing? My father is 80. Raised 10 kids on less than $15/hr. Never wanted anything for free. Hes a dem not a socialist
You cannot legislate evil!
Typical democrat. Nothing specific, only political rehetoric that does nothing.
I'm with you on this Bernie, this has to stop, don't want to put on the news and hear of more shootings or killings of this kind.

ndaa 2012, legalized what the cia did in vietnam and central america... here against journalists like michael hastings, and activists.
Ummm I thought murder and machine guns are already illegal, instead of making new laws lets enforce the ones already on the books
Mandidtory licencing and training would be a great first step! Just like getting a licence for a vehicle. Seems like common sense.
While we’re at it why don’t we ban cars? And alcohol or pharmacy drugs. Guns don’t kill, people kill people. Respect the second amendment.
Please. Never heard that statement before lol. How about you watch the video to hear what he says rather than assuming then get back to me
Ain’t nobody got time for that
& to your point, since ppl kill ppl why should mentally ill people who kill ppl w/guns be able to buy them? & why should ppl be able to turn
Guns into automic machine guns? If they dont know what they are talking about, explain it to me. & what is the purpose for a civilian to own
1 automatic machine gun let alone 12-17? Also who is "they" the police? FBI? Bernie Sanders? As a firearms dealer, are u required to run
Background checks on those that purchase from you? You personally? I'm not arguing, I'm asking honestly.
Yes, everyone that purchased a gun needs to pass a background check, no exceptions. Even the police have to pass the background check.
A video of an Accurate, Legal #BumpFire Shooter and A Fast Semi-Auto AR-15 Shooter. 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ddPTyoV-Irc …
lovely...smh.
I can't think of one law that will stop a guy from spending time planning something like that, it'ss impossible
Well said, Bernie...do not be silent!!! Your country needs you!!!
Americans are STILL in denial about their Gun-Love. Until they admit there's a problem, there cannot be a solution...
It’s not about being in love with guns, it’s about protecting our right to own guns to defend ourselves from a tyrannical govt and evil ppl!
Well said
U keep guns 2 protect yoursleves from "tyrannical govt", but u only use them on innocent kids, shoppers & Country fans. U R batshit crazy
All those shootings were carried out by registered democrats. So maybe just ban guns from democrats.
While I don’t think democrats should be banned from having guns, I see your point.
Few countries have more weapons per inhabitant than Sweden. But the legal weapons are rarely used in crime. This is not Fake News. It’s Fact
Weapons? Or guns? Your language is vague; citation needed.
Same same.hunting guns.no AK4s
Well, even if true, doesn’t change the fact that USA needs gun laws.
True
Facts Grandpa, your worst enemy. Separate issue, on what are spending your leftover campaign money. I'm guessing your wife's legal defense.
fuck that, you want the people to be helpless against the same fascists who murder millions in war profiteering, passed the death squad law?
Another Sander’s supporter - media will ignore & you’ll make excuses for? retire. #MAGA #ShamefulDems No Rock they wouldn’t crawl out from.
Please give me ONE, JUST ONE, law that stops evil? Or admit you just want to take guns.
You want someone to pass a ‘evil is banned’ law?
He's saying that evil does evil. No matter the laws in place. There's no "common sense" law that stops it.
That’s a bit reductive. How much ‘evil’ would be accomplished from a hotel window without guns?
Just ask Gary Ridgeway, Charles Cullen and Jeffrey Dahmer how much evil can be done without a gun...
...over a much longer period of time.
Lol so it's less evil as time goes by between each murder? So you'd care less if paddock killed all 59 over the course of a few months?
And no one is serial murdering 59 people in a few months. Don’t be silly.
So what laws or new laws would have stopped this tragedy?
Banning guns probably would’ve prevented it. You can’t shoot people if you don’t have guns.
Do you have a point to make? No, I guess not. Or you would have made it.
Just wondering how many criminal would turn in their guns?
Even if ALL criminals kept a gun, and ALL registered owners gave up theirs, gun deaths would be reduced greatly.
Really? Well I guess only law abiding citizens would get killed by criminals. Liberal logic is really hard for me to follow!
The logic isn’t that hard to follow. You just need to try. It’s actually very simple.
we need actual human beings, not corporate sponsors, in congress to get any common sense back in legislation.
Lobbying needs to be completely banned and illegal. It's what the obvious elephant on the room that always corrupts congressmen.
That and the elephant called the 2nd Amendment and the words “shall not be infringed..”
That's not what I'm referring to. I'm speaking of lobbying in general. Politicians are swayed by corporations, regardless of parties.
Lobbying is a cancerous tumor on the representative republic for sure.
Can it happen again? It could so let’s work on it. How can we prevent these incidents and get rid off guns.
So we should just get rid of our guns? Do u think criminals will give up theirs?
You are only responsible for your actions and when we discussed it’s mean everyone
Good luck with that! Do u know any criminals that follow the law?
No I don’t know any criminal ppl never met them I know who to hang around with
Imagine how few shootings like this we would have if we didn't have such a great example of how to use deaths to push an agenda.  Shame on you, @SenSanders
An agenda for what? Stopping mass shootings? That’s a pretty good agenda, tbf.
The problem is killing, the method is shooting.  Let's address the problem on which we all agree rather than drawing a battle line across from half the country.
No one needs guns. Just get rid of them and put an end to mass shootings. It’s that simple.
The fact that I disagree with that statement is exactly why I wasn't murdered in 08.
Getting rid of guns would reduce gun deaths though.
That's like saying that getting rid of spoons would reduce spoon fat.
It really isn’t.
Is it just me or does Bernie still act like he’s running for president
Yes
I agree
You need to stop ignoring the problem that is the NRA. You have so much to say about Wall Street corrupting politicians. How about the NRA?
We should only allow guns that are SINGLE SHOT no magazines or storage of ammo in or on the gun. To reload you need to open the chamber.
Illegals kill more people than @NRA members so do Democrats & kill more people than bumpstock? So @JerryBrownGov supports gun violence
What DID happen in LV? We want the truth first. I'm not so sure that the failure to prevent this wasn't caused by inept or 1/2
Corrupt government. How did Paddock obtain cases of REGULATED BY HS AMMONIUM NITRATE? Someone missed it? On purpose?
A good start to common sense gun conto would involve Dianne Feinstein not having a concealed carry permit. #hypocrites
Hon.,  I heard your complain about las Vegas shooting  i meant to know that if we can vote against guns violence
Go Bernie! Go Feinstein! Ban all weapons please! Make America safe again!
Your Bennington Banner says it all.  Dead people, what an opportunity for you.  An extremely painful loss for real America.
Bernie. It’s all about campaign money. Support the NRA. Big Pharmaceutical and Insurance and banking and ur in. Simple
When will you buy a dictionary and look up the word CRIMINAL?  THEY DONT FOLLOW LAWS!!
If you're so interested in saving American lives, Burn, BAN Planned Parenthood responsible for 55 million lives since Roe v Wade passed.
Go home Bernie, The retirement home needs you for bingo
You just want to remove 2nd amendment rights, you socialist hypocrite! Gun control wouldn't have changed a thing and you know it! You fool!
And every time it happens, the GOP say's it's not the time to talk about it. Why does anybody need an automatic weapon? To slaughter people
Bump stock is another problem left over from the Obama administration. They're never ending!
Most Republicans are more interested in keeping their NRA money than they are about protecting the lives of innocent Americans. Bottom line.
There are more mass killings on the highways of the United States per day then there will ever be gun violence look at the stats
WELL BERNIE... THAT LEAVES YOU OUT SINCE YOU HAVE NO COMMON SENSE... ONLY A SOCIALIST AGENDA.. I SAY.. LET'S CANCEL EVERYTHING, EVERYWHERE
Marijuana still illegal in half the country, machines built specifically for killing as many human beings as quickly as possible, thats ok??
certified kook !
This is so unfortunate for Americans and people all over the world to see. Death and killings are so sad no words to describe it
We need common sense healthcare that can help the mentally ill with more than "just take your meds."
Unfortunately a voice in the wilderness (AKA: the USA)
Sadly yes  don't think things will ever change there
You could move to France  I hear Paris is nice.
People kill people not guns
Here's the deal... what legislation? 2nd amendment SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED... only legislation is another amendment

How do we get the #NRA to hear us?
absolutely no question about it this attack was orchestrated by the left Shadow government of the Abomination
omg, bots arguing with bots. Wow.
What law would have stopped Las Vegas?
THANK YOU it seems Congress doesn't have any..  They need to make drastic changes for the American people who's loosing loved ones   
Bernie common sense is to arrest all you Socialist/Deep State operatives for anarchy and murder. Leaves Senate &Congress
EMPTY! TRAITORS!
That's not how any of that works
This is what we Brits term 'Pissing in the wind'. Might as well try and teach cats to use pedestrian crossings. Too stupid. Don't bother.
Let's start by removing the guns from all the people who protect you. If we can't protect ourselves, why should you be able to? #Equality
Then we challenge you Bernie. STOP taking NRA money!!! You don't need their $11.1k!
No amount of legislation is going to stop what happened in Las Vegas.

Ban and confiscate assault weapons, munitions, and modifier parts.  Ban the DSM, anti-depressants, anti-psychotics, anti-anxiety & ADD drugs
You could care less about anyone
You need to step off,retire and go away ,both of you .You had 8 years and we are tired of your stale agenda,go away
Get rid of Democrats, country will be safer.
Pretty sure murder is already illegal, what more can you legislate on it?
Give me one new proposed gun law that can guarantee no more mass shootings and killings. Waiting.  Thought so.
Thank you for all you do, Bern.
The right to bear arms was to protect Americans against tyranny. I'm just saying USA should realize by now a tyrant sits at the helm
Where do you come off wanting to protect innocents when you want the USA to go to socialism.  How different are you from Hitler/Stalin?
I agree, gun control, not gun take away!
Preeeeech!!! What will it take for them to listen?? 5x or 10x of what just happened in Vegas??
We need MEN that do their jobs in the senate and stop blocking our president from doing what we elected him to do ,You had 8 years to do any
It's time!  Lay down your guns and raise your arms
@SenSanders thank you for everything you do, we love you Bernie!
Don’t just call him a sick individual, call him a coward. That way no one will want to be like him in future.
All Assassins and Mass Murderers have been Democrats . . . Perhaps we should make sure that NO DEMOCRAT should be allowed to have a gun !
But republicans are better than that... we can wait for God’s wrath to swallow up you and the evil you have brought to the country
No... what happened was a Democratic terrorist attack on Republicans only you and your cronies are hiding the truth for fear of retaliation

After such a horrible shooting, the FBI might want to focus on catching criminals instead of masterbating over a load of Russian crap.
This many people die in Chicago every month!!! U don't seem to care !!! How about common sense talk on mental health???
WERE ALL WEAPONS REGISTERED TO THIS MAN? WHO SOLD THEM?
He always says that word “COMMON” which always makes me think of COMMUNISM.
Yes Term limits will do it. You and your colleagues break the law daily look at Clinton and do nothing
#retire
Maybe lack of mental health care and the BIGGEST problem in this country is the LACK OF GOD!
How does that legislation happen when republicans are the majority?
Sadly,. The Republican excuses, while baseless have convinced people they would be in danger if we did anything to protect them from crazies
We have common sense legislation. Nothing outside of lunatic-statism legislation would have helped here.
Nothing Bernster, the communist, is saying will do anything that will make us safer! Just give the establishment elites more power over us!!
Wow, using the 1st amendment, to bash the second amendment, real bright bernie, when the 2nd is gone, the first will go quickly
Sure, the moment the police forces are demilitarized, as they've been in England. Uphold Posse Comitatus, demilitarize, then we'll talk.
I can't believe the news has to post links to gofundme for peoples healthcare- America should be embarrassed and disgusted #universalhealth
Moving
Islamic terrorism continues to happen with refugees in Europe but yet leftists want to welcome them. Ironic
Again I think u need to see a shrink u definately a mental case
#BreakUpTheNRA!
Get it trending...
We can solve it without ineffective theiving govt 'legislation'. Yo hypocrite, leave us alone and stay in your state
Tobacco kills more than 10x the people in a year than all guns. If you want to save lives start there. Till then shut up.
Ban criminals???
You have repeatedly voted against such common sense legislation. I'm old enough to remember Brady. Your "fans" mostly are not.
Just throwing this out there, who would gain from the tragic events in Las Vegas?
Guns didn’t do this
Show me a LAW that would prevent this tragedy. I fear if we give you a little bit you'll want the whole apple.
You Libs are like that!
I feel sorry for you Americans,in UK we don't have mass killings,cus we don't own guns. 42% of world civilian guns are own by USA - crazy!!
We repeat??? Why aren't road rage incidents blamed on car manufacturers. Or drunk driving???

Because we hold the

 INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBLE.
I forget, socialism kills the individual...
Does this mean @SenSanders is going to start voting for gun control?  It's about time.
Americans are like the canary in the mine. Not aware they are dying from their environment, whilst the world watches and laughs @ stupidity
Or Strategy Two. Have each state run a referendum on gun legality/laws and so let "the pple" vote for gun control. Not be dictated by NRA
All you need is a class action against Gov & NRA from victims of gun violence based on fact they are complicit in facilitating gun violence.
What we need to address is civil culture which has gone far astray.  Used to be able to buy a gun from a catalog and didn't have this.
killers kill, squirrels climb trees, pass a law against either will have little effect, is it really the law that stops you from killing
Disgusting of you and all the other liberals and democrats to try and push your political agenda by feeding off the fears of people. Sick
Yet you fight tooth and nail for illegal immigrants, illegal refugees, and the war in the east. Hmmmm. Common sense is king, no one does it.
You should listen to yourself sometime.
No law will stop these crazy people when will you get it !!!!!
https://www.facebook.com/SAVE-Humanity 
My Deepest condolences to the dead victims and wounded victims families! God Bless America
Stop spreading your demonic lies. You will have to make an account of your actions. When you stand before my father.
Only if they’re old enough to be on Medicare. Even then it’s not free. Everyone must pay. We still have millions with no healthcare coverage
that pesky 2nd Amendment... What are we going to do with a free people who refuse to be the sheep you wish us to be?
what happened in vegas is not a tragedy but an FBI deep state gun deal gone wrong. please wake up
Murders by firearm per 100 000 persons:

Sweden :0.19
US :3.60

That's roughly 20 times more casualties in US.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate …
Feinstein carries a concealed weapon.
Shhhh, don't tell.. she knows better than we do. We are stupid, peasent citizens. The guberment ppl know what's best 4 us.
why don't you start by saving the city's  that is run by lib's  and with there gun control,, murders are alot higher in those city's,
We should start in Chicago.
.
Asking a bribed GOP Congress to produce "common sense legislation", WTF?

Against the NRA?

That's not a Republican strength
What’s the common sense legislation?
An excellent initiative.
Government kills more people than anything else, let's ban that.
Not domestically. But yeah sure let’s “ban the government”. What’s the next move?
You don't think governments kill domestically? I'm just thinking about the history of the 20th century, and gun control in 1930s Germany...
Absolutely. Fantastic point. I was more referring to the US currently and believe me I do have my qualms with the entire system myself.
You took money from the NRA!
Thank you,@SenSanders For always Fighting for America! We Salute You!!!
TY to you, @SenFeinstein , and others. One small, commonsense step toward making all Americans safer.
Gun control is just a ploy by all liberals just to control the people. Screw you your communist and have no right to breath my air
Ban weapons of mass murder. Buy back & Turn over military weapons to military.  License guns like autos with liability insurance required.
Why did you vote against the Brady Bill then?
A socialist talking about common sense.
How do we stop illegal firearms from killing the youth in the most gun controlled city in America. The city is called Chicago.  For that 1st
Gun control in Germany 1940s - 70 million dead.
Indeed, if we don't learn from history we will be forced to repeat it.
Yawn
THE SILENCER BILL IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF CONGRESS ... JUST ANOTHER WAY TO KILL PEOPLE ... THIS TIME HAVING NO IDEA WHERE THE SHOTS COME FROM!!

Well Bernie as you know ! Sense ain't that common on Capital Hill! Some things will never change when GOP/NRA are in bed together raking in
Sellout Sanders, go back to your "Deep State" with the rest of your comrades!
Y dont u fight so hard 4 Chicago or NY LA all Dem ran w/highest shootings w/tuff gun laws!Liberals always want full control!Screw u, Mr LIAR
As with every other mass shooting, what happens in #Vegas, stay in Vegas. @GOP unwilling to stand up to #NRA lobby.
Ppl who commit the type of tragedy in vegas have no common sense.  Legislation can't change that.  Anyone with common sense knows that Bern.
The sincerity of your submission could be felt from the presentation.
The Democrats are in bed with the #NRA.
Congress will do absolutely nothing.   All they want is that NRA money
We could start with banning #Bump #Stocks.  Let's get behind that and shut down that loophole.
.Oh, give it a rest, you KNOW nothing of any consequences is going to get done! At least not in the national level...
You guys know that is not Congress, but the gun enthusiasts in the country.
I was just with my niece she is a shell of what she was prior to Sunday. I beg you @NRA, stop assault and semi assault weapons for sale
aren't you pretty much an A rated @nra politician @Hobbie_VK
We know this shooter was on Valium . Let's get psychiatry under stricter scrutiny and ban their drugs.

How are Democrats saving the 50 plus people killed in Chicago every weekend by back on back gang shootings?
Common sense is not very common in this administration
what a statesman
It's not happening? Hate to use the word, but what comes to mind, "Conspiracy" blocking at the top?
That's impossible since there are no commonsense GOP legislators
Never let a crisis go to waste.
The US is in the arms of the NRA Just FYI
@SenSanders this is ridiculous and out of control. I'm ashamed to live in,this country!! I've had enough!!!! Only sp,much someone ca take!!!
Yes
The power of love...the most powerful feeling that you will ever feel. @POTUS #LasVegas #NFL #UNITY2017 #YokoOno
Since August 1, 1966 total mass shooting victims 948 according to Washington Post.
Since January 1, 2016 total homicides in Chicago is 1278.
You are only fulling the fire since in both latest issues they are focused on republicans so what are you doing to stop this? No you file?
