You can't be serious. Everything the government does is a disaster.
So get rid of government?
No. We need to unlimit about 80 or 90% of the services they provide.
So not everything they do is a disaster?
Everything the government does is inefficient.
How efficient is the existing healthcare system?
It would be far more efficient if the government would get out of it altogether.
Why are universal healthcare systems around the world able to provide better outcomes for less than the USA?
Bernie, what socialist economy has survived? It's a failed theory, that no matter how many times you try it. History?  How about Einstein.
The USA is a 'mixed economy'. Implementing universal healthcare wont change that.
Define "mixed economy"?  The thing about socialists and liberals is they try to change the definition of anything they want to control.
Anyone familiar with economics understands the term. It is not a liberal or conservative concept.
Really, I guess the next time I get an MBA I will pay more attention to the convolution caused by mixing economic and political systems.
If you are going to argue about economic systems you should take the time to understand the concepts instead of spouting partisan rhetoric.
Phillip, it's obvious to the most casual observer you don't know the difference between political and economic systems, seek an education.
Says they guy who had to ask what a mixed economy is.
It will cost $24k per household annually
You know this because....
Many business news sources have cited costs, but I used CNN money since I am a conservative and didn't want to appear bias.  $1.4 Trillion
But that $24k is an average figure. So what would someone on $50k pay vs someone on $1m? And US already pays $3T per year, so its a saving.
$24k per year. Medicare covers 80% of medical costs. Not trying to be rude, but why do you care, your from Australia?
Your $24k figure is wrong by 100%. Why dont you care that millions of americans cannot get the healthcare they need?
I like capitalism.  You get what you work for.
And screw everyone else. Do you believe the person on $7/hr with cancer should be treated based on need or personal economic circumstance?

Quit eating like pigs; lose weight and exercise  and the longevity of people will increase. Fattest nation in the world! Drop the fast food
Yes do as many of these countries did and get rid of the all the crap the our government allows nasty companies to put in our food.
It would be nice to see people get a job and buy their own insurance. We have trained them to get the government to pay for everything...
The ACA Bernie. First things first, don't be selfish! Fight for the ACA, then Medicare for all can come later!
Give the American people the health care congress gets. Bernie
Single payer
Single payer would be a disaster.
Single payer is good for business
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=943839352396897&id=785156741598493 …
Business and taking care of the people are two different things. I am all for business and taking care of the people gov is not the answer
If we want to help the economy and the environment, make cars run on natural gas build infrastructure to support the new gas stations??????
Did you forget about the fracking?
Start running informative attack ads against the insurance and pharmaceutical company's right now. Get out in front and stay there!
Bernie, you're that one kid in a group project that wants to do something totally different from the group & everyone knows it won't work
I don't know that it won't work.
So in 1987 when you said that Medicare for All would bankrupt the country; were you right then or right now?
You're on the wrong side of history, old man. Communism is the god that failed. Go take a flying fug.
Communism doesn't = social democracy
Well Bernster until you and rest of the crooked politicians quit taking their money it will be status quo. Hypocrite!
AARP will too, since the seniors will lose services that are now covered.
That's the exact opposite of this. Medicare for all will be phased in to give everyone what seniors have
That is a pipe dream, you cannot give hundreds of millions of people coverage and not have diminished services. Every HC system has limits
That's why it's going to slowly phased in. Of course there will have to be adjustments
How much will doctors be paid under this plan?
How much does your plan cost the middle class in tax increases?
You pay more taxes, but no more premiums and deductibles. In the end, the average American family will pay LESS for healthcare.
The average american family might pay less at the start, but for that others, singles for instance will pay much more.
Food for thought...
So all that's being done is tapping the wealth of single people and somewhat higher income middle class people to feed the medical cartel.
Your medical costs have to go down. More competition is obviously not working, so why not try what all other developed countries have done?
It's an effective cartel. Would be competition is crushed. 
Thousands in taxes is more than hundreds in employer plan claw back.
Actually,if you read history the socialism you wish to inflict on the USA is on the losing & wrong side of history.
Social democracy has only worked in recent history.
What socialism are you talking about?
Venezuela? The derivative version communism failed in USSR.Where is it working?
Social democracies such as scandinavia and germany have only showed growth and success
Germany is not a socialist state. It does have an aggressive welfare state.Germany GDP 3.5Trillion US 18Trillion,--25% of r pop,20% of r GDP
Germany is what you could call a social democracy
Germany has private property,private ownership of business.It does have a big social welfare system.It's GDP 20% of ours.Depends on US 4 def
That is what social democracy is. Communism doesn't =social democracy
Senator, with all due respect, firing the 460,000 people who work for health plans is heartless.. Consider the Swiss system instead.
That's the thing I keep waiting for someone to explain about single payer.  What's the economic impact of making insurers obsolete?
They find meaningful jobs in healthcare besides pushing paper!
Ok, that's the end state, but how do we get there w/o blowing up the economy?  For every ins. co. employee there are 10 in "billing."
We should keep using horses so the saddle makers have a job?
I WANT single payer.  I think we NEED single payer.  I just want to know how we handle the impact of ~1M jobs lost.
Those jobs have no value & just add cost to our healthcare.  I get it.  I'm just saying there's an economic impact to those job losses.
I'm not worried about those workers or the economy in the long run.  I'm asking about the impact on day 1 of Medicare for All.
Bottom line it costs 17% to manage Medicare. It costs 50% to pay off the leaches of insurance companies !!
Thats odd #BankFraudBernie
If you research u c those are THE VERY GROUPS standing to make a KILLING from a gov-run, all-inclusive med system
You are wrong let insurance company's sell across Statelines. Let competition work free markets work capitalism works Government can't do it
Obama is 400k cashing up
As if this is a revolution. If medical care is a human right, why aren't U demanding free food/water/air as a human right? Y not work 4 free
And they dgaf...

You want this to become reality, you need to stop bashing the democrats. We want the same thing you do #Medicare4All
Agreed he does need to drop it.
Since drug companies can afford to make the gazillions of commercials they throw at us they make too much money
Can you just freakin concentrate this week on the emergency of the #GrahamCassidyBill? The house is on fire & you want new sofas.
Time to go full Bernie
Rally's needed
Yes they are, they don't give a shit.
Well why didn't Obama come down on drug manufacturers? Because the lobbyists are lining pockets!!!
I agree
#NeverTrumpHillary Sincerity #MedicareForAll CoSponsors? Bipartisan Push to Scrap Medical Device Tax—Cautionary Tale

Donald Trump says Universal Healthcare is necessary to make America Great Again @SenSanders #MedicareForAll Retweet!! 
Your on the wrong side of everything!
#Facts!!!  Got that right my friend! @SenSanders Thank you brother! Salute to you and @SenGillibrand  @RepPaulTonko Thank you both! We u
we will not give up, we must accelerate the demands and build public power to counter their hegemony
can we really defeat the Real Problem, INSURANCE companies
has the @USCBO scored #MedicareForAll?
They will learn they are on the wrong side of God too
Greed comes before saving lives
That's how it looks, humans live to make people suffer with their greedness
Bernie, when will the amount of money the gov't spends be enough? I already pay way too much in taxes, and the deficit just grows and grows.

Congress corrupt with special interest money will block single payer system.  Implement artificial intelligence Medical care system
I, We ask our fellow #Americans to support #MedicareForAll! End #MedicalBankruptcy Now!!! #Cancer #health @zerohedge @davidsirota @GOP @DNC

Expose the Greed.
USA being an #Olicharchy is detroying the citizens fo USA but also our beautiful world (Mother Earth). 
#EnoughIsEnough

For those of us who have seen both sides of history; the side that wins is the one established in 1776.
BS, you truly are on the wrong side. Promise free stuff you can't provide for votes. Looser
what the negative facts are about any single payor system.
and yet you no longer have enough principles to show what the cost of this program will be or
Insurance companies, big pharma, and deluded centrists.
http://abcnews.go.com/amp/Politics/medicare-funds-totaling-60-billion-improperly-paid-report/story?id=32604330 … THIS IS HISTORY......story printed July 2015
Socialism is literally on the wrong side of history in all history books. Please read one.
Problem is they buy government to get things their way.
That kind of politics has to stop
RT
#DonaldTrump 
#ClintonEmails
#DraftBernie
#Nina2020
#NeverKamala
#ClintonFoundation
#Awan
#BlackLivesMatter
#SinglePayer
#MedicareForAll
There will be no Medicare for all. You yourself said it will bankrupt the country.
And all three have blood on their hands with the #opioidcrisis. Shareholder Profits via #death & #murder
Kinda like you...
You are 100% correct
BERNARD... THEY ARE on Hillary's side. Soon to be on POCAHONTAS ' side.
because their greed cant go unchecked
We have to do it to do it and thinking that it is impossible will not help us to do it so let's do it.
You tell them, Bernie.
Bernie did you forget about kapernick?!
Repeal McCarran Ferguson so Medicare for all can happen.
Otherwise it can't happen.
2010 house vote 406 to 19 to repeal McCarran Ferguson???
Rahm Emanuel is very air against with his policy to the black community tricky to black people
he Ben very sneaky and dangerous abuse to black people community neighborhood hate for to black
we in the last out seventeen aldermen in the last election
all the worse with Rahm Emanuel aldermen the worse aldermen have to go all of them
they meing the people no good look at the condition on south side west side
if black people have jobs young people look at other city does have a higher kill robbery taxes every month
shooting Rahm Emanuel using the taxes money sealing federal money for black neighborhood community what say ware
what say ware is the money at Chicago have record number of killing under Rahm Emanuel
The #revolution is ready and will defeat any #InsuranceResistance
Yep thats why u spread your ass cheeks for Hilary
The reason they fight it they also no it can't work why don't you and the rest of liberals admit it all you want is VOTES
 This country is run by the wrong people! Lobbyists who care only for $$$, not USA or its people! Also Trump et al w same goals. STOP THEM!

I've already seen the uptick in insurance commercials on ALL networks.. priming for the pro corporate narrative.. the media is complicit
Medicare for All would be a massive boost to business who would no longer have to provide healthcare; & grow the US economy significantly 
Insurance & drug companies aren't as opposed to Sen. Stabenow's Medicare at 55 proposal. It's a pragmatic, do-able step toward #Medicare4All
They also now face a much more informed electorate from all ideologies& all parties who are SICK OF THEIR CRAP & WISE 2 THEIR LIES!
Tell the people there will be no more earned income credit money cause it will go to paying for Heath care
"Not me, US" great editorial on what it means. We are supporters of progressive change, not personality idolaters.
So you want me to pay higher taxes so the losers who milk the system and all the illegals can get healthcare??? Don't think so.
I saw your old interview where you said Medicare for all will bankrupt this country.
Ya socalisim has definitely been on the right side of history through the years 
Speaking of history, remember that time you said #MedicareForAll would bankrupt the country?
You truly don't know what Marxist means... It's getting a bit pathetic.
Opinions... Nothing factual... You lose.
Who writes this shit?
Find a reasonable plan that we can afford and all will support it.
No Bern, you are!! If it even EVER passed in both houses the POTUS will VETO it on arrival!! You and your leftist buddies know it!
I agree.
Is Sanders the one to lead this effort? His Twitter doesn't get the amount of likes & retweets one should expect.
Corp's. are on wrong side of history-tobacco, oil/gas/coal, big ag, insurance, booze, big pharma, big box retailers, military-ind. complex..
Is your wife still under FBI investigation for fraud?
But they don't care!
No field-marshal Sanders you're wrong, Mama's right.
They are in the side of maintaining their profits and they are sending a lot of money to Washington to perserve them.
Go home, Bernie.
Bernie is home. To me, Bernie is a moderate. First steps. The future can be very bright with conservatism dead and buried.
Yea they dont like change. They r cavemen an dinosaurs.
Bernie if we survive trumps madness, please run again in 2020!
R u on the right side? America can see thru ur falsehood mr BS
Follow the money !  It's all about profit !
I'm an average hard working American and I say hell no to Medicare for all.
Bernie, you're on the wrong side of everything. Pres. run, stealing from wife's college, taking $$$ from Clintons. On an On... LOSER
How about the price tag from the CBO? 20 Trillion in debt? Are you for real?
 it will never happen! To many politicians get paid of big Pharm & Insurance! You & these politicians created this! You & .....
WITH MONEY GRABBING REPUBLICAN PARTY
Time to DEFEAT Wall Street Drug Companies and Insurance companies , But They Lobby With BILLION'S, A Hell Of A Tough FIGHT
We have to put people that care about every person on this earth; into all positions in the Government to see the change we need.
We cannot go around it. It's either going to make us more angry to the point of trying to kill all the poor from the face of the earth.
Republicans are more interested in money in their pockets than doing what's right for the people they supposedly serve!!
Every time we find a way to destroy the poor of the earth, we dig a hole for ourselves.
Im on Medicare and it works. ACA doesn't. Medicare hs bn arnd   Lngr. Lts jst psh and giv it to all. We jst need 2 fght 4 it. Fuk Repblicns
The rich man's wealth is his strong city; The destruction of the poor is their poverty. But we have not learned this in past experience.
Medicare for all is not the answer; it will only serve to include more people who don't deserve it, and skyrocket our cost even more.
Democrats & Liberals only find ways to make USA citizens pay more which equates to higher taxes for us.
Fix ACA by adding the public option.  HC should be like the Education system.  Private  companies could stay in biz if they have customers
What insurance do you have?  I'm sure you don't have Obamacare. Congress should be on it. Hypocrites
Surely #drugcompanies would like to increase their sales
Here's a little history for ya. 'Bankrupt the nation'? Hmmmm
It is beyond a shame & deep into criminal that #USA does NOT have #MedicareForAll due to DemoCRAZY & #StateCapture! #S17 #OWS #SundayMorning
When asked if they would like to replace their healthcare system with ours, even Italians are left speechless.
Where did you get this propaganda?
As a Democrat, I will never vote for you. You scream & shout like a mad man at inappropriate times such as MTP this morning. You tell lies.
Private insurance definitely has its issues but universal health care is not the solution.
To the naysayers of #MedicareForAll just think how much premiums will be for the mid-class when there are millions kicked of and not paying.
Bernie - you're on the wrong side of history! You're narcism has hurt & continues to hurt millions of Americans!
No bank fraud bernie, you have been and are on the wrong side of history for the United States! You are a socialist failure!!
This is an unrealistic political stunt to put Mr Hypocrite (BS) at centre stage of US Politics.
....history ndasmu semplak
Democrats not only despise Bernie Sanders, but his communist anarchists and Single Payer scam as well. 
#GoodByeBernie
Must explain how IT WORKS to Americans, before the GOP, insurance industry and big pharma set their terror-propaganda to work.
None of those entities cares abt being on wrong side of history. I hope you don't honestly think that's a persuading factor #MedicareForAll
Always remember folks. Bernie Sanders is an avowed SOCIALIST and wants Socialism for all of America. You better beware there goes ur freedom
There are very few people who are on the wrong side of history more than U. U ELECTED TRUMP. Go back to UR vacation homes and shut up
You are right go Bernie
Amazing how Universal Health Care can work for decades above the 49th parallel, but not below it? 
*Maybe Trump can have NASA look into it?
officials who allow themselves to be bribed by ins co, drug co or wall st must be ousted from office Demand Medicare  Revolt at polls 2018
Wrong side of history? How about your socialist loving, Soviet Russia honeymoon taking ass? You and your wife are grifters, True Democrats
Country and planet before profits!
So do certain Dem Senators who receive a lot of money from them
I believe you are
Why is the VA such a mess?
So History will say bad medical care is what's good for America,  we will be treated like dog, no wait a minute dogs are treated better !!


greatest  for all

Doesn't it tell you something that, despite how "bad" people think health care is, there are so many people defending it. Not all 1%'ers.
Until legal bribery AKA "lobbying" is stopped single payer is a pipe dream.
WHY WOULD ANYONE WANT TO WAIT 20 WEEKS FOR SURGERY ON SINGLE PAYER INSURANCE.  WAKE UP PEOPLE.
Pls don't use the "wrong/right side" thing, it's a bad argument. Convince them with facts.
Yes they will butU have the masses of people needing Medicare for All Unlike those ppl in the WH,on WallSt,Pharmaceuticals...,notAlways the$
Ins & drug cos & Wall Street. 
Three major pillars to US economy.
Who are the wealthy?  
Where do they get their wealth?
History-shmistory.
DON'T KNOW WHAT SIDE OF HISTORY THEY WILL BE ON BUT 1987 YOU SAID SINGLE PAYER WOULD BANKRUPT USA
They are on the RIGHT side of money, which determines the present. 
Biggest drug dealers in the WORLD are the pharmaceutical companies.
Bernie you are who is on the wrong side of history. Fix the process and cost to become a doctor and the current Tort laws.
that bumper sticker from liberals is getting old
I'm not for big Ins co etc but who's history Bernie Liberal Losing Hypocrite. Are you going to allow Illegals into YOUR plan?
Love you Bernie!!
You're a broken record, Bernie.
Keep it up!Remember us every time DJT's name comes up;We need Congresspeople like U 2 stand up 4 USA non-supporters of trump!
HYPOCRITE.
LIAR.
Like all CAREER POLITICIANS, u have lived ur entire life in the Establishment Swamp off the money of the people.
SERPENT.
Learn from Cuba and perhaps Venezuela too . Can one measure be takenup in isolation (socialist measure in a capitalist economy )
They're also on the wrong side of a HUGE number of people!
Never underestimate the stupidity of the American electorate.
Maslow's hierarchy of needs should be a universal right for every human being
Obama created ACA his first year and knew how bad it was and limited its implementation to pass the buck. Get rid of it!
Govt over take of American healthcare is a now become our greatest national threat. Bernie is going to finish off our country
Are these the companies pushing #NIPT for profit & trying to dismantl our #NHS? #JeremyHunt #Atos @maximus #Virgincare #SundayMorning  #Marr
That's all you see in a capitalist dorminated world. It's always about what They will gain. Not about what the world stands to lose!
Kinda like BS with Hillary! We wouldn't be here if he supported her , so I blame BS as much for the mess our country is in!!
Blame Hillary. She knew from polls that she was a horrible candidate, but she ran anyway, bc she thought she was entitled to this job.
