They can, if they work and pay for it.
How much do you think it costs to go to college, langdon
I have a pretty good idea since I am attending right now.
Are you paying for college by working and using student loans or are your parents paying for it
I have been working since I was 12 and I am paying for a good deal of it through savings. I am also receiving scholarships and 1/2
What exactly is "a good deal of it". And most scholarships ppl get will barely cover cost of books
A rough break down 50% me 10-15% scholarship, rest parents although a portion about 5-10% will be a loan that ill pay them back
So you have all these means of support that you don't want others to have bc you got yours
Nobody is preventing people to go to college.
Actually, there are plenty of factors which prevent people from going to college. Mainly, the increasing rates of tuition fees.
Not my problem, get a loan and a job, my taxes aren't going to pay for some rich kid's tuition so they can get drunk at frat parties.
My question to you is this: Do you think that all those college movies are documentaries? It does not appear you know how college works.
I knew plenty of people in college who just got drunk, smoked weed, partied, and flunked out.  My taxes shouldn’t go to them.
Also, your point kind of falls flat when you realize that spending money on college actually tends to bring money into the economy.
Free tuition is a sinkhole because it's just handouts to privileged white kids that poor minorities have to pay for in taxes.
If we want to be able to compete with the Chinas and Indias of the world we must make sure our people are educated
It appears that one of the political parties thrives on dumbed down constituents
We must all get out and vote. We need to make sure that America's youth has every advantage possible
It’s UNREAL how lazy these losers are...
This lazy loser paid for her own education as did her children. What a foolish statement.
Good. Then you agree with me and understand what Mr. Sanders doesn’t. Work HARD. If you don’t have the money to pay for college. Borrow.
That makes no sense. Not that easy to borrow money. Not everyone has that option. Then to pay it back is another issue. Degree doesn't...
It’s VERY easy to get a student loan. All you need is a will to work and commitment to re-pay. Period.
College shouldn’t be touted as the only educational route to success.
Statistically speaking, it makes a difference.
Agreed. And there’s the problem. We’ve over burdened that system by making it the only option.
Solution?
We need more post secondary education options than just college. Not every student is cut out for college.
Education is only part of the problem
Well i won't argue with those points
STOP Bernie, just stop.We r fighting for our nation & our democracy!! We have no time for your ego-driven ideas.
Yeah heck, we can spend billions on defense but free college education, insanity.
If all had healthcare, enough food, place to live,great k-12 ed,then could look @ finding ways to make college cheaper.
Sorry Grammy, meant last response to CNBC host Sullivan not you.
Thx for clarification.I’ve enjoyed our discussion.
Me too. Remember, we’re on the same team.
True!
Here in Sweden we have free Colleges and we also get a kind of salary when attending Colleges (200 USD/month) to help with materials.
Hello, i'm interested..

I want to further my education in Sweden... How?
This is how you can apply for one of the university
http://www.su.se/english/education/application-admissions …
Thanks man... You've done well
Why most professors are perverts like in Hollywood.
Who pays for it?
Blame the democrats and guaranteed government student programs. Don’t want your BS socialist agenda. You and Hillary need to go away! #maga
College is over.

It's been over since kids who are fully indebted can't pay their loans.
In the richest country, everyone who has the desire and ability IS able to get a college education.
....and U never seem to answer my question as to how much all this freeness will cost...free education, free health care,can we see ur math?
It’s an investment into the future your country.
Gotta love the details you give. I already invest in the future of this Country via taxes. Why should/would I invest more w/o details?
Taxes are investments? How do you measure ROI on that?
So just "invest" w/o specifics? O.K. then, sign over your paycheck to me. I will invest it 4 U and give you some free stuff. Will U Agree?
So. You're not answering the question? Just making some cheeky remark? 

Got it .
They can't answer the question....
We borrowed $15,000 and after 3 years they want $65,000! How is this fair, these kids can never get out of debt. We love @SenSanders
I worked, so can they!
The place where I chose to work pays for school!!!
We all do as long as we are willing to work for it.
Why? When everyone has a degree, it loses its value. Many grads are no smarter or useful after college than they would have been w/o it
Free college made universities less equal. Let's focus on trimming the fat in schools.
Your education your bill.  Nothing is free.
Yeah, Bernie "ASSHOLE" Sanders wants everyone paying 50% of his or her earnings in taxes.
Absolutely, as long as they pay for it like I had to pay for my college education.
Sell one of your houses... that should help
Bernie if the word must were removed from your vocabulary your lexicon would be cut in half.
You mean they can't now?????
What about technical school tuition? Only future white collar workers get free education not future blue collar workers? Bigotry lives!
There he goes again communist take away the drive that made the country great.
Debt Free Post Secondary Education and not just colleges!
At their own cost
Shut up socialist or is it communist.
We already have a free college program, it's called the Military.  Free college while your in, GI bill when you get out.  Yay we both win B
Well your wife could start by cutting her own paycheck
They do. Its called puplic school. After graduation your concidered an adult where YOU pay your own way in life
Yeah but it's not and that's why they dont
Education is not a matter of government altho i agree education should not have a premium
instead make health insurance & food & strong infracture propriety. college degree no guarantee for job
disagree college degree not guaranntee for job & US not highest annual income many homeless &  no health insurance & failing  infrastructure
Is a FREE college controlled by the government?

If so, then NO THANK YOU.
Ahhhh, I forgot they went to Trump University !!! Ha,ha,ha,haaaaaa
Yawn...
I wonder, all this  Republicans , Trump base.They paid for their education. If they did it was usless, they still are ignorants.
Uruguay south America 3 and 1/2 millon people has free University.
This country numero 1uno has not.
Explain that one!!!!!@
And they do.
I worked 3 part time jobs and put myself through college. If you really want something, you find a way.
They do. It's called community college or the GI Bill.
Love you Bernie
Free in Australia. Greatest country on earth you pay. Who is it the greatest for? Corporate elite with their lobbies, lies and bribes.
Bernie, it's not about how wealthy we are. It's about who is willing to put in the time and effort. You propose what is not yours to give.
Having an educated populace raises the standard of living 4 all of us & benefits the entire country in many ways.
No. Because people might begin to think critically and that would affect votes and we can't have that now can we.
You're right they should, through working. Your a thief Bernie. Your policies only work with other peoples money.
Sure, as long as they pay for it.
TAXATION IS THEFT!!!    How about this Bernie. How about you make intrest illegal. Betchya wont even talk about that. Your in bed with Banks
The spending increase Congress gave to the military budget can pay for college alone!  We have the money we just don't have the priorities
We must invest in our future and stop the brain drain.
College is for those who Earn the right, not a WEFARE PROGRAM that Bernie is promoting. College is a Leaning insitution not for lame
No Bernie. You want a College education, you pay for it yourself like all other generations had before and survived.
Sounds great. Who’s going to pay for it Bernie?  Taxpayers?
Yeah work an d pay for it , like everyone else.
Who wants a comunist education. That's what out colleges have to offer.
America isnt the richest country. By far.
Other countries pay 50-60% tax then additional 20-30% social fees how many want to live on 20-30% off their gross income
And who us going tonpay for it.  Other countries are poor because of social programs like this
US isn't that rich cnsdering how many 10s of millions r poor & broke. Educating tday's ppl for tmrrow's needs using ystrday's schools is bad
Everyone has the right to go to college but not the right to a free education. Nothing's free anywhere - someone always has to pay some how.
Bernie when are you going to stop waving your purple fingers around already.
Everyone can get an education. You'll have to pay for tour useless degree e.g. liberal arts, women studies, 16th century Belgium lesbian..
At the TAXPAYERS expense!! that's who pays for the FREE tuition Bernie.
Sounds good. But, your saying it isn’t going to make it happen. You are not on either side of the 2 parties and you never were.
Good grief. Not a great idea in the 1st place &  2nd, I'd rather focus on avoiding nuclear annihilation, decent gun lege, re-upping CHIP...
We need an educated populace. Too many are destroyed by school debt. Minds are wasted when they use work over education to avoid debt burden
Free college for all is a slogan.He has no plan it funding mechanism There's not the faintest hope it would pass.Focus on more urgent things
I agree in current situation it isn’t a high priority. I believe if we hadn’t failed public education we wouldn’t be in such as crisis
Better education available to all is one star I’d like to see USA reach for. First we must regain a voice in our government or bow to a King
They can.  Loans, grants, merit and need based scholarships.  But keep telling them they can't.  It'll get you some more voters.
Yes, but then the greedy stingy rich pigs would lose some of their edge. Uneducated po folk make better fascists.
We can make this work. have a 3.0 HS average, maintain 3.0, be drug free, take random drug tests, under 21 alcohol free. No criminal record
In this age I feel sorry for anyone who gets a college education, all they get is liberal views and low wages. Try getting a real education
@BernieSanders  Are you buying?
You get what you pay for
This Bernie thing is getting old. It's the same thing always "anyone who wants "X" should get it for free" we are so wealthy
Everyone should get free food, free car, free utilities, free everything
Bernie, it is disgraceful that a country so rich is 50th in the list of world literacy and we wonder why so many back Trump?
Admire your drive to get the best for America!
Once again there is no such thing as free education...
NO WAY congress will fund this the right way.Good idea but incredibly unrealistic.Done incorrectly will grow already subpar education system
Yes Bernie you should tell them that in Qatar, the richest country on the planet.
It’s really simple work and go to community college or a trade school, and go to school for a actual job that exists
The richest country is built on capitalism;Land of Equality Opportunity, vale of self responsibility, worthy! NOT Free...Free Marxism
Why? Doesn’t seem to prepare students for real world jobs. Just gives you more time to condition the weak minded.
Finally, first time I’ve heard you say desire and ability! Everyone who has the desire and ability can get a college education. I have 5 kids, 4 of them had d and a and graduated from college
Reason #64346 you AREN’T president (and thank God)
First we ban bribery, then we can have nice things.
I agree Bernie! Free College and University for all USA citizens! Wake up USA!
They can. It's a rich country, yes, but not everyone should get everything for free. People have to pay more tax. Socialism is a failure.
Someone has to pay for all this free stuff Bernie!! Raise taxes on Congress not the people already paying to much in taxes
Work for what you want.
already possible Bernie. Poverty bernie, u have no solution. U can't lead a 
revolution☛ charlatan 

@SenSanders @viceimpact #Resist #BLM
No Bernie, the the richest country, those that earn their education should get one.  There are many ways to have your education funded.
The richest country needs ditch diggers too.
Bro, do you even know wtf "free" means? They want free, let them get an education via post 911 GI Bill. Shove your socialist BS, Bernie
Who’s paying for this Bernie.
Ur wrong .. this is not the richest country .. it is the country with the richest 1%
EVERYTHING FREE,FREE,FREE,FREE,
If you truly want to go to college, you can afford it. I know people who have payed their way through college by themselves.
All have the Opportunity
Your treasury is about to emptied on High nigga. -אמן
I do love this man, but not everyone needs a college education, or is even well served by getting one. Nor is it beneficial for our country
they already do.
Bernie if we are destroyed by nukes it won’t matter. Get Trump out!!!! Make it a mission.
Lexumbourg?
We can offically call you Giveaway Bernie Lets not make our Country great again lets make it Open Borders Free College Free Health Care
Phew this is viral! It won't happen w/the regimes either side O/the pond. Ditto the UK.
My kids are out school -I went broke funding their educations - now I have to pay higher taxes so other kids go for free- i don't think so
Why are they not able to now? Like anything else...if you want it....get it yourself.
If they have the desire and ability, who’s stopping them? Another dumb statement fron a 
just so I understand:
I worked 2 jobs to pay for mine
Worked hard to get a good job so I could pay for my son's
And now I have pay for all?
You fundamentally don't understand how much you would benefit with student loan debt overhangs gone. It would double growth. You'd get rich.
To many variables to make that statement. Might be true for some but most 22yr old would blow it on a fast car and drinking
and free healthcare and unicorns and why not 3 houses and a 250k supercar and free chicken wings OK bernie
Sounds great Bernie, did you overlook how to pay for it or do you still have the top 1% in your crosshairs
Absolutely. It's called the right to work. Work hard for 4 years, choose a STEM or equally valuable degree, and it WILL pay off.
Everyone can get a college ed. now senator....Its called vision , desire and hard work.  Not free lunch education.

As long as they pay for it and don't expect a government handout
Aren’t there a few Arab countries that have us beat like Dubai for instance!
Yep, I decided to work through community college and then transferred and worked the whole time to pay. I had the desire and ability!
Are we really the richest country in the world?! I thought we were TRILLIONS of dollars in debt?! Bernie, stop with your Socialism nonsense!
Kids should work for it like the rest of us did. They won't appreciate it if it is handed to them on a silver platter.
Stop pushing for free stuff for everyone. We do not want socialism here. If you want a socialistic society, then move to Venezuela.
With not caring how this bankrupts the country. Stop lying to people to get votes Bernie!
Sir, where are your financial disclosures? I have nothing against you, but where are they?
...sorta like a job?
Bernie, do you ever propose anything that will reduce government expenditures and reduce the federal debt?
That’s ridiculous! Just because someone desires something doesn’t mean others should have to pay for it.
If you have the ability, many, will give u a grant.
Why, there r millions of graduates making a living,  they sacrifice themselves by working while studying. It would be nice to seat and relax
Let's just pay everyone in the country, citizen or non, 100K/yr.  Then nobody will need a student loan or even an education.
Sanders ,please get lost
FREE FREE FREE, you propose to bankrupt our country by making everything FREE , make Twitter a Bernie FREE ZONE. At least that’s cost FREE !
Yeahh ok.. 40 teachers making 50 grand a year and 10,000 students payong 25 thousand a year.. You do the math on colledge budgeting..
richest? still?
Yeah 4 year colledge cost around 100k or more at even a public school. Thats 300 dollar a month payments until your 50 years old..
how do we pay for this, tax the rich?guess what they will leave then where will the money come from. How about regulate where the money goes
If americans can spend almost a TRILLION DOLLARS a year on ciggarets and alchohol they can afford an free colledge tax. 
#Priorities
How do we pay the bill Bernie?
Who is going to pay for their 4-year degree in feminist dance theory? You?
Can see Bernie’s prez slogan now free stuff for everyone
Where is all this money coming from to give everybody free health care and collage
You are free to pay for it Bernie.  College is a privilege.
I think free college education should go to student who score high in IQs and SAT. Because those are the ones who want to strive.
It’s called get a loan and major in something that will get you a job.  Everyone has access.  It’s called fill out a FAFSA.  #misleading
Your goals are great but you lack the ability to pay for all these programs.  If all the wealth of the 1% was taken it's not enough.
With all these tax cuts for the rich, there won't be much money to give kids a chance to have a life without debt.
Free education shld B priority in US. Well-educated ppl working here make us competitive! Ppl who R ignorant/poor help rich stay in power.
not on my dime
And health care for damn sake
Politicians r hypocrites! Ur family & all families for Congress recv free college. Free health insurance. Free retirement after 1 term. SMH
Don’t preach about having free college when you and your cronies have been taking advantage of the American Citizen forever! All politicians
Rescind ur benefits to show that u really care about the American Tax Payer! How can we trust politicians when they have a diff set of rules
Why didn't you reference the university industrial complex in this tweet like u did ur healthcare tweet u raving leftist lunatic?
We should do it the way germany and oher countries who have free college tuition. Got to test in.
Isn't being able to pay part of ability??  Giving out free college degrees will give them the same value as participation trophies=0
Bernie promises of hope while his friends get richer. No one can afford an education if Elizabeth Warren teaches her course at $430,000.
Oh look now Bernie Finally Finally admitted that only those Students with The Ability should go to College and University as logic demands!!
Amen good sir! Amen
There already is free college. All you have to do is sign up for welfare and they will pay for your college.

Oh, Bernie, then they'd be too smart when we had dumb leaders.
Or trade school
Mr. Sanders, everyone who has desire & ability can now get a college education, but there is & should be a price. #NoSocialism #TermLimits
Well. Bernie in case u haven't checked the majority of this so called wealth is being spent on all of the freebies you wld like to give out
Anyone who has the desire and ability to attend college should be able to find a way to save and work towards paying for a college education
Instead of being taught that governments primary purpose is providing free stuff on someone else’s dime....
Right and they should pay for their own education and not the taxpayers.
Yes!
How do you define richest?  We are not the richest per capita by a long shot.
We could be the richest country if it wasn't for people like you taking every free handout they can get let's solve the money problem first
And who told you we are the richest country
Are you rich if you’re $20 Trillion in debt?
Amen ..!!
Who has the desire and ability and is not able to get a college education? Lots of grants/scholarships esp. for the poor, loans for all
They do. It’s called scholarships and loans.
They have the ability, it's just that college administrators continually raise tuition costs.  You should know this, your wife is one.
No. First lets get some of the rest of our act together. For instance, vocational or reeducation for rust belt, displaced by tech workers.
The last adjustment the US pub edu system made was in responce to the revolution! The Industrial revolution! In 1880 they added High School!
Mr. Sanders why don't we just make everything free!
Why can’t we have national voting on issues and screw congress! They do nothing anyway!
Now please so my grand daughter doesn't have 95K in debt!
You pay for it
Last time I checked they can. Don’t need government to get in the way
The richest country with the shittiest education you're right we should allow everyone to learn your propaganda
