The economy is based on how much we spend. Cutting corporate taxes doesn't give me more money to spend. It gives shareholders more money.
No. They don’t. At least, not back into the economy. The 1% are getting richer by making 99% spend money. The 1% do not contribute.
No. They re-invest it into businesses that create products. There's a difference in growth (buying products) and jobs (more to sell).
However, to make more money, you need to produce products with a minimal overhead as you can get away with; meaning, fewer jobs.
Therefore, the investments lead to producing more for less. I'm not against that; that's a good business strategy. But, not my point.
Bloodsuckers. They won't be happy til' the last drop of money is cheated from American taxpayers! Damn leeches. 
What will grow the economy is an increase to the minimum wage.
Sure it will. A loaf of bread is $1.99 and you make $8.75. Raise minimum wage to $15.00 and a loaf of bread is $3.41 but we know that always rounds up to $3.99.
Excellent. But please stick some names/sources/URLs in there so those who want to can verify.
Socialism is an outrageous tax theory...
it's democratic socialism, more than that it is just fair, honest logic. educate yourself
It's the same collectivist shit it has always been, wealth redistribution is theft...
not wealth redistribution, it is making those who got rich off of the backs of others pay their fair share. no one succeeds on their own.
You sound like a Marxist, cira 1917. Where does your philosophy fit in the cycle of history?
i wonder what the slaves would have thought of this. i believe in democracy, i just don't believe we have one - surprise, it's an oligarchy.
What do you mean would have? Slavery is still common in Africa. We don't have a true democracy for good reason.
your logic is as circular as your diagram
Tax cuts need to be for the middle and lower classes, not for billionaires— they already know to grow their wealth without gov’t help.
Lower classes don't pay taxes.
Yes, they do. The EITC can reduce someone's income tax but rarely eliminates it. & everyone pays other taxes like sales taxes, tariffs, etc.
I am speaking of income tax.
And people on entitlements.
Since Clinton made welfare workfare, people who receive welfare must work & pay taxes!
Not everyone. But in places where they put restrictions on welfare, people DO go to work. Which is good for everyone.
And of course it's good!
It's funny because taxation is clearly theft
That "theft" pays for the roads you drive on, bridges you cross, safety of food, water & drugs you ingest, safety of planes you ride...
He’s an idiot. He actually uses the 1% lines and thinks they’re his ideas. Ha! He’s a parrot sheep.
Hey Bernie, you see where he says if the consumer demand was there?? If Obama had cared about the work’g class & got us work, there’s demand
He did. The recession was over well before Trump took office.
By the gov’s measure where employment is skewed? People looking for work have gone on SS.
Can't deny that it's skewed, but if you're still looking for work seek help.
You’re arguing against your own premise that the recession was over but it was skewed. O’s admin used part time jobs to pad
Employment doesn't differentiate full-time from part-time in general, that's not specific to the Obama Administration.
It does tax-wise and $$ input to O-care, which is, what, 1/6 of our gnp? We’re not near revenue to cover OCare, let alone single-payer crap
You're mixing up Obamacare and the ENTIRE HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY. They are NOT the same thing.
You mean Trump
What did the shooters have in common? Crazy white males with guns.  The 2nd greatest threat to society
Guess you choose to dismiss Charlottesville NC.
And like i said, the common thread crazy white guys with guns
This idiot Cruz. Supports ending of state and local taxes. Saying democrat state w/ increase s. Tax. But what about no state tax states? Smh
duplicitous cruz. a billionaire saves $1M in taxes, it goes in the bank, the middle class saves $1M it gets spent, boosting the economy.
Thomas DiLorenzo, and Walter E Williams. 2 mainstream economists who think that tax cuts are a good thing. Where are the facts in this vid?
This video is full of shit. Don't expect any facts.
Pick up an history book. Trickle down does not work. Or check out how Kansas.
Obviously, that's not true, you are using a device invented in a country whose ideas were created by a man named, Adam Smith.
The 1st cell phone in 1983 was the size of a brick and costed $4000. Today you can get a small 1 for $40. That didn't come from high taxes.
But those damn 1%ers. Screwing things up. If they hadn't kept that idea alive by using their money, we might not have phones now.
The basis for that invention was tax pauer funded development. Instead of returning a portion of the investment we give away it away.
Then we allow the corporate entity to gouge the U.S. consumers. Return to a contract that puts people in charge not predatory capitalism.
I watched and listened. Flawed logic, poor excuse for a "tax expert". Shallow and narrow analysis. Ted Cruz is the clear winner here.
hmmm, embellish, or could it b that u, like cruz, have absolutely nothing legitimate to add, so u just stomp your foot & insist you've won
Very simple. Business leaders make money (margin) on RONCE. Taxes shrink working capital needed to grow a business (jobs, services).
If it's a tax cut for the "Middle Class" it should be limited to $100,000 as the upper limit.
When Dems are in charge, the GOP rants about "Debt and Deficit" & our Children's future! When there in charge, Let's spend & borrow for cuts
that is so true. Case in point these two attachments. 1st was when Obama was president and other when Trump. fiscal yrs 2017 and 18, save em
Fair Tax is a good plan. Everybody pays fair share...why does Bernie have a problem with that? Why would anybody have a problem with that?
Because it's not a fiscally responsible plan. 20% of $60K isn't even comparable to 20% of $60M.
Oh, so you think more money should mean higher rate?
Yes, because the value of that 20% changes based on how much you make. The difference between Ferrari#2 and EATING is a major factor.
Chart doesn't show offsetting savings to consumers. Half a chart.
It's half a chart unless it shows all effects.
What, the chart?
What do you like?
Why does everyone think that wealthy people act like Mr. Krabs from Spongebob with their money?
Because they do. Hoarding & theft.
No, they don't. The Walmart family maybe, but hardly anyone else. Look at the majority of the rich, building schools and homes for others.
look at the koch bros. between them & the waltons u have a HUUUUUUUUUUUGE chunk of this countries wealth but it still isn't enough 4 them
Ok but you're still comparing 3 people. Most want to grow so they invest. Besides, it only takes about $350K to be in the 1%
we're in agreement about the 1%, it's a lazy shorthand. it's actually the .1% that's the problem bernie targets
Yes, we need wealth inequality to decrease. Nobody but Donald Trump is saying that. But Socialism isn't the answer.
dem. socialism is not socialism the way u r construing it. NO ONE, least of all bernie, is talking about dividing the field into equal plots
Lying @tedcruz
Ted Cruz is far smarter than Bernie Sanders Bernie Sanders couldn't pass an IQ test more than 70
Only a total moron would believe ANYTHING Criz sez/
with liberals the charge is always that you're a bigot, racist, xenophobic or part of the 1%! An old failing argument.
Lmao is it because you werent able to during the actual debate?
Also, they're just sitting on it? No positive NPV investments to be made? Construction starts are through the roof, unemployment is down 1/2
Meaning that capital is being invested in technology, infrastructure, and labor. This is not rocket science.
Corps are sitting on trillions of dollars of profits and not producing anything because there's no demand? How did they get the profit?
I will not take take tax advice from a simpleton who wastes ours reading Dr. Seuss!
House the ride on the private jet bern? #bourgeoishypocrite
God it's liek a before and after image.
Who is this tax expert? His credientials should be verifiable for this to be a strong argument.
So who is this tax expert and what are his credentials.
European have corp tax however personal tax is much higher.
http://www.npr.org/2017/08/07/541797699/fact-check-does-the-u-s-have-the-highest-corporate-tax-rate-in-the-world …. Here are some facts rather than BS

"None of us really understands what's going on with all these numbers."
~ David Stockman (1981)
https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/1981/12/the-education-of-david-stockman/305760/ …
Blah blah blah another GOP speaking but nothing coming out to help American people
Cruz is such a harmful person... He wants tax cuts for his Texas Billionaires!
Bernie, great job against Sen. Cruz last night! Please run again in 2020!
Term Limits Old Man - Term Limits!  Lots of Experts say ALL your stupid free shit ideas would Never work. Please just go away
Oh no...the...*gasp*...1%! Never mind that they already pay a disproportionate share of the income tax. But from each according to ability..
Bern-"Whatch this guy debunk Ted Cruz because I couldn't in last year's debate. Here is me tweeting someone elses ideas because i have none"
Spot on Senator.
Ted Cruz has no soul..he is vile and a monster
MUST WATCH!  I lived thru Reagonomics.  It was crushing for my family.  This video is truth.
I can’t wait to read the Tweet that says “ watch as I retire and help MAGA “
Pinko community BS trickle down is real & it works! Socialism does not!

Tax douche - give it all away Bernie. Your personal millions won’t be touched.
@realDonaldTrump tax cut for corps MUST have stipulation that 75% goes to wage increases. We know that wont happen if not mandatory.

The one thing I learned from the debate is Sanders has no problem taking nearly 50% of your income for the rest of your life.
Bernie. You’re a socialists. U want all divided equally. This is not your strong subject
@tedcruz psssssttt
sanders U  are a sellout. U have 0% credibility. U sold to crooked hillary the dreams of millions of American voters and bought a house w/$
Taxation pays for services and wealth redistribution - tax cuts grow economy and reduce government 

Who doesn’t want that - Bernie doesn’t
A tax expert according toooo....who???
They want to cut ALL our taxes by a lot.. HOW can you oppose that? Because government will get less??  THAT is the IDEAL ...
Ted Cruz LIED ON NATIONAL TV tonight to America. He did in fact say “SOCIAL SECURITY IS A PONZI SCHEME.” https://youtu.be/r2ylrHG8DnM 
yup, he can't dance around this one
Cruz is a shill.
Time for a fed job guarantee. Let govt be our union. Let them set min wage. Full benefits. Make private business' up their game.
This guy is an idiot. Everybody knows when companies do better the workers do better and there's more of them. It's really not that hard.
Aside from the Russian trolls trying to defame you on Twitter, you should ask #TedCruz if #redtube & #camsoda is tax deductible.
Ted Cruz is a vile evil creature.
Always a catch.. Feel the BURN.. Tax cuts for us ALL and make government smaller, like the IRS
EXPERT at what? Just disagreeing with no FACTS but his blanket statements. Reagan economic BOOM dude.. CUT, CUT, CUT !!!
Average working Joe's the only job creator
Trickle-down economics is one of the biggest cons of all time.
So is the rest of Economics.  They don't even model banks correctly. 
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1057521915001477 …
http://my.democrats.org/page/s/defeat-the-trump-tax-plan?source=em_20171017_ld2_nd2 …
Reducing our ridiculously high corporate tax rate would put more money in American pockets! https://goo.gl/RHcDSn 
Frank Clemente is a socialist, not a frickin tax expert you hypocritical lier!
Ted is nothing but a gold digger, he'll take tax cuts on the backs of the working class, no problem. He has no integrity and no shame! Pig
Yes!!!!!!!!

you are awesome DebC
I'm old enough to recall how things were booming in texass when Clinton was president tax cuts r not the answer
The role of HR is to acquire the absolute minimum required number of employees at the minimum price tag. How much the owner makes doesn’t factor the in.
Has anyone ever heard of this this guy? What is his name?
I'm watching the debate. Ted's hyperbole is amazing. Ted, you still cooking breakfast w/ guns?
How about we take the wealth from the rich and give to poor?  Let the rich see what being poor is like.

Hey @tedcruz
They're all kinds of tax experts and economist if you find one that shares your beliefs of socialism and communism people agree with u
I find it amazing that the GOP has such depth in their caucus to find this many world class heartless bozos. Cruz is one of the bozo-est.
he knows what all the loopholes r, i'm sure his accountant uses each & every 1 of them 2 protect his money. still waiting 4 trump's returns
No Corporate tax breaks for any Company that moves their jobs out of the U.S.
ABSOLUTELY!!!!!!!!! we need to quit giving handouts to those that are trying to screw the american ppl
Come on Bernie are you related to my great grandma and grandpa sanders?
If you are I want 500k that was stolen from my trust by my trustee back can you help me?
Believe it I worked in manufacturing, where is it now? Because it’s not in this country anymore
Listen up America! Keep listening to the GOP and we'll find ourselves and America back in a deep financial deficit.
Taking clips from a debate Cruz wiped the floor with Bernie....
Everyone needs to watch this and pass it on!
This is a good review of Senator Cruz's claims.  I believe these rebuttals are accurate.
Lol...there are so many qualifiers in his speech. You can tell he's smart and he knows he's a political hack.
Small businesses filing under LLC will pay more with your postcard filing...you eliminated our deductions which are more than your plan
Bernie retire already!
 can't wait to see you get annihilated by @tedcruz
Ted Cruz, another snake..
How about if they push some form of tax cuts through there has to be a clause that if they don’t “grow” jobs/economy, they pay it back.
Not only does Cruz look like Grandpa Munster,he learned economics from him.
Says the #Socialist. #SerenityNow
Bernie once again you are so wrong. Your a socialist and a hypocrite.  Shame on you
#jobs jobs day 1 Ppl #wanttowork @JoyAnnReid @rolandsmartin @soledadobrien @ananavarro @Bakari_Sellers @SybilWilkes @soledadobrien @Rosie
Meh, nah. Give away your money first. Then we can talk.
#trickledown economy has never worked no matter what name you call it
Give'em hell Bernie
From the guy who let Hillary steam roll over him and steal the election no peep then
Yawn.  @linnylovesbeed is a #TЯЦMPtroll with lots of BOTs in its network.  Respond accordingly
lol communist bernie sanders bringing the economic humor
Employers base salaries on market rates. Salaries do not go up because profits go up. Cruz is wrong 100%.
democratic tax expert
Ted Cruz should go to Russia he lies every single day to the American people DonaldTrump crony history will show they should stop lying
Oh well, Cruz is just a big business puppet.
Remember #Bernie took a house to leave you, his mindless mob, at the alter last election!
Funny Seattle raised Min wage, it failed. He also stated that the economy sucked for 8 years, of Sanders style punishing success and envy!
You folk need to understand these people all grew up buying into Reaganomics and NAFTA...neither benefitted working class except lower price
Helping the 1%!!
Go baby go! educated the socialist Bernie how it will helps the single parents & business owners as well as job growth. #DebateCNN #Cruz2018
You need to change your name, because there's nothing "smart" about cutting corporate tax rates and the 1%.
Bernie, you will search to the ends of the Earth to find anyone to support your ridiculous agenda. You are a bag of wind-no real solutions.
There are plenty of GOP “tax experts” that say the opposite. Until gov cuts entitlements and wasteful spending, no tax plan will succeed.
majority of businesses in America are not corporations. Majority business owners are small business. Give the small business guy a break.
u can give small business owners a break w/o extending it to big corps. & NO tax incentives for companies that go overseas w/jobs or profits
The surge in economy in Clinton years was because of tax cut under Reagan You dont see results over night may carry over to next admin  
Here’s yours
Democrats, Liberals, Progressives, whatever you call yourselves now, please run on this.  High Taxes, Lots of Regulations...it's a winner
Bernie, you are always wrong but never in doubt!
You have absolutely NO plan to "share" what you have to live at the median level of the average American. Hypocrite.

JUST NOW: GOP rejected @SenSanders’ amdt that ensures #NotOnePenny in tax cuts goes to the 1%. Shameful. The wealthy already have a leg up!
Hey Bernie, does this gentlemen do the taxes on you three big and beautiful homes???
You don't even name this 'tax expert'. Never heard of him before, probably never will again. This is why I don't trust him. Or you.
Works every time it’s tried Comrade Bernie.
I would like to know who he truly voted for

You are a communist who's never worked a day in his life. Please dont talk about taxes.
Lmfao Bernie getting nervous. His commie bullshit wont work tonight.
.......... DAMN STRAIGHT !!!!!!
Grandpa Munster is at it again.
Where is the analysis of the Distribution of Weath, everything is Free plan from Bernie? He knows his plans can't work.  Trillions needed.
You had me till he said higher min wage. Name one time in history when min wage went up and COL went down?
You do know socialism works nowhere all it does is cripple the poor n guarantee them a life of poverty n controll by politicians like u
Sen Cruz waste his time arguing with a deaf and blind person.
@sensanders, you earned more than $1M last year and didn't produce a single ounce of value for our nation. Fool.
Bernie Sanders ranks 86th in the Senate for net worth. There are 13 senators worth less than Bernie Sanders.
Too bad we don't elect tax experts to office, We almost exclusively elect lawyers, aka those who'll argue anything for the mighty buck.. :-(
Looking forward to the debate with Lyin' Ted.    Only thing 45 has said that may be true.
Sanders already won, just has to show up.
We have the same here in France. Still exhausting to hear them, saying we have to "free the economy". It's a nonsense
You mean Rafael Cruz the Canadian born assholus maximus who got free healthcare when he was born and doesn't want Americans to have good HC?
Anyone that was around when Regan was in office knows Cruz is wrong same with Bush.
I was around. My family flourished under Reagan after being decimated under Carter.
Should only be middle class tax cut, for the economy.Trickle down didn't work under Reagan. CEOs got HUGE BONUSES! They outsource jobs!!!
Wow you found a “tax expert” that agrees with you, how bizarre- Bern  s other people s money. #TermLimits
Kick his ass, Bernie
Why is it that the GOP tax breaks for the rich never help the rest of us?  Sounds like the definition of insanity
expose the GOP fat conservatives for who they are.
As soon as he said raise the min wage, I rolled my eyes. Any economist will tell you that that's a bad idea.
When people don't understand taxes or tax law they look pretty silly
Looking forward to seeing you tonight Bernie!
Bend it like @tedcruz ... Why is this person telling me LIES...
Bend it like @tedcruz ... Why is this person telling me LIES...
Dude sounds like he sleeps in the same bed you sleep in. #wealthenvy #ubersocialist
Dumbsanders please just stay out of my pockets.  Use your own money to all the extras we cannot afford!
Ted Cruz tried to hidden his lies with half trusts despising American people, but he just show the lack of a honorable person.
What yall talking about
Get on the right ship Cruz.
im just a guy..you want to grow the economy fast..give all of us $$..we'll grow it!!..smh
So you believe I should pay higher taxes than what I do and more than you while mandated to be on Obamacare and you are not. Weird
Ted Cruz is one of the most unethical politicians ever!He works for the coch brothers corporation and does exactly as they say!Bottomfeeder!
Who are the coch brothers?
It will take awhile for her to answer. Not part of the talking points. lol
Yes, lolhow mercyful!!
More class warfare from the left...tax cuts should benefit EVERYONE.
One of the same experts that led to you defeating @HillaryClinton ... oh wait... #ivorytowerelitistcoward fraud. Term limits please
NAILED him! Hope you reiterate each and every counterpoint tonight. Cruz epitomizes the oligarchs' smarmy, dishonest, snake-oil puppets.
Wait a second...are u telling me that @SenatorCruz_ is a liar?  LIAR??? Noooooooooooo!!!
LYING TED
Come on Ted, start telling the truth and stop working for the corporations. My working taxes went up like crazy under George W.
It just shows anyone can write history; now if it is correct that only a few can do apparently.
@nytimes @thehill @smerconish It's about time rational people debunk the BS being spewed by people like LIEING TED and his LIEING cohorts.
Maybe a tax expert can tell your wife how to not be under FBI investigation
You forgot the quotation marks: "tax expert", "debunk", and "outrageous".

How did your economic theories work for Burlington college?
Everybody should pay something no one should pay nothing it’s a free Country for now you can make things work if you want to
A socialist debunking anything is still a socialist.
But the most important fact is its debunked
Mic drop.
Why should anyone have to make up the difference for someone else just because they decide to have 4-10 kids
Did anyone see the last debate on YouTube ? All kinds of propaganda saying Cruz won that debate ! 
Limit the child credit to three if people want more kids they should be able to pay for them
When’s the last time Bernie and his future ex-con wife actually paid the full tax amount they owe? #fraud
She in jail?
under investigation
Pretty sure it was a hoax. Bye now.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/investigations/federal-prosecutors-step-up-probe-of-land-deal-pushed-by-wife-of-bernie-sanders/2017/07/10/e3fc3e72-625a-11e7-8adc-fea80e32bf47_story.html ….  They didn’t say that she actually stole any money, just mismanaged and lied
easy debate tonight
U r not the one to talk about this
The bottom 50% pay no taxes let them pay there fare share NO one should ever get back more than they pay in
Ted Cruz is a joke corrupt and inept at governing as the rest of republicans
IGNORE THEIR LIES.  Every Dem on endless loop: The Trump/Republican plan will raise taxes on the middle class.
Thanks friend! Hope you can make it!
I'll be there. We're rooting for you! Oss!!!
I’ve got a idea I bet beanie hadn’t thought of since the top 10% pay over 50% of Taxes let’s get the bottom 90% to pay there share all 90%
radical left wing socialist news
@realDonaldTrump Trumps Tax Plan / Reform is only for the Rich do not believe otherwise. Middle-class = nothing maybe $1000 but trickle down
@alpsa @davrosz Sounds familiar. Pity the LNP think like Ted
Problem is Republicans assume wealthy 1 percent & corporations will reinvest tax cut saved money back into economy. FACT: THEY NEVER DO!!!
They know they don't. They just don't care, it helps them.
