I notice you neglect to fess up to the millions that have already died thanks to Ocare. Why is that Bernie?
How do you take 22 million out when less than 10 million enrolled? Socialist math doesn't work. @JohnCornyn @tedcruz
Thanks for pointing out how much worse Trumpcare is than ACA and what we had before!  Nice job!  #SinglePayer
Single payer will bankrupt us. I'm not certain where it says in the Constitution that health insurance would be provided by govt???
We spend $3 trillion a year on healthcare. Single payer costs $1.38-$1.5 trillion a year. How will cheaper healthcare bankrupt us?
Try this:
like obamacare has so many dying b/c they cannot afford premiums or deductions if there are evev any ins providers in thrir county
Or I die because I pay for my insurance and still can't afford the medical bills. 
#RunBernieRun
#BankFraudBernie

It's only a matter of time before the Feds show up at your door. Better flee to Mexico while you still can.
#BankFraudBernie is late for a meeting with g.soros. lol
You do know that morality rates increased under Obamacare right? Or are you gonna ignore facts to push your socialist agenda?
More political lies
#SinglePayerNow #ThankYouBernie
As long as they think it won't be them, they don't care. Sad!
Oh yes, people could die, but worse for GOP, they could lose mid-terms. LOL! #NotMyCountryAnymore
Leave then
You claim it's not your country & I'm sure you claim Trumps not your president either so if things are so bad and you hate it so much. Leave
That's what you would love us to do, but not going to happen. Going to stay and resist. Tant pis.
Here's a tip, Bernie:  We're all going to die. We may all die faster b/c of substandard govt care unless OCare goes. Look at our vets! Sad!
#Trumpcare, becuase we are all going to die anyway. Sound argument! #LOLTexas
Single payer/O Care entrenches medical bureaucracy to treat, not cure, status quo, not innovate. People die faster. Sad.
Indivd mandate increases opportunity for preventative care while decreasing risks and costs down the road. People live longer. Great!
Just because people have insurance. Doesn't mean they aren't going to make stupid choices on how they take care of them selves.
Increased health care coverage = healthier, longer-living population. Not a difficult concept to understand. You disagree?
Just because you have insurance doesn't mean you're going to stop smoking, drinking, and start eating healthier.
On the contrary my family can't eat as healthy because I'm paying 1200 a month for insurance now. Because of Obamacare.
700 last year.
Stop lying! Most R wise to your tired Socialist pandering garbage due to abject failure of Ocare scam, Venezuela disaster & Uk death panel!
Venezuela also had underlying issues that caused it to drop, such as its main export falling in market value
22 million? Ten million enrolled.. must be common core math.
J
Why do love talking about death instead of solutions? How many are dieing coz of OC?
He does , his solution is a Medicaire for all, he'll re introduce legislation next week
I wonder how long it takes before everyone realizes that this is the ONLY solution to the health care debacle in this country
Bc it's not the only solution. Major reforms are needed but we can keep a free market system to ensure innovation and cust. serv. r strong
The problem with a free market system in healthcare is that in order to make profit you have to deny sick people coverage
Reforms can save enough to help those who need it and still allow free market for healthy ppl.
So you support a public option , what is your position?
Help for those who need it first. Maybe univ. cvrg for wellness checks. But costs are out of control and we're 20 trillion in debt.
Yea but you also got millions like me who dont have health insurance bc apparently i make to much salary pay to have it.
Brandon that's why he proposes a Medicaire for all SP system. To fix this absurd situation
Medicare for all would require a magic money tree . V.A health care is what you'd get. No thanks
As for funding instead of paying premiums you pay less but as a tax
The cost of Medicare for all would exceed 100% of federal spending.  It would be tax hell. And for what?  Bad health care.
once you move toward medicaire for all healthcare spending in general would drop. you will just pay less as a tax than a premium
The govt makes everything more expensive,  every time it gets involved. $400 billion to cover 40 million Californians with Medicare. Insane
But again, you already pay more in premiums. And as I said the extra cost would be less than a 100 billion
Bernie ur dumbness is showing. Ppl will leave bc they won't  b mandated 2 stay. Now no choice. as soon as they have choice they drop. #MAGA
The mandate is unpopular but necessary that's why the answer is a Medicaire for all single payer programs
If ACA was so good, it wouldn't have to be a mandatory. A mandate is essentially slavery.
Single payer will make sure everyone is in that pool but they will pay way less than what they pay now
Have you seen why single payer failed in California and Vermont? The cost was so exorbitant that even Democrats winced.
california already pays 70% of healthcare costs we are talking about the extra 30%
The single-payer bill that is sitting in the California Senate would triple the state's entire budget.
the extra cost are for 100 billion dollars. which will be paid by progressive taxes
seriously? It has been been blatantly obviously they don't care about the little guy, both sides are fake greedy money grabbers
Understanding is not synonymous with giving a flying ****
If they do this, the people of this nation need to take to the streets in huge numbers and shut everything down...time for a General Strike.
A vote to repeal MUST be met with an immediate and overwhelming show by the people of this nation that WE THE PEOPLE do not accept this.
A boat to repeal means policies will jump 100% do the research
Not sure if you're firing at me...I'm on your side. Health care IS a human right. There should be single payer.
Why don't you all get jobs and buy insurance for yourselves instead of wanting something for nothing
Because I'm a cancer survivor and over 55 I will be discriminated now without price protection it will cost 33k year! Far from free
So you think because of free market it will cost that much see what it costs to have Obama care now for year
No because most of the them being taken off health care don't even need it&are just to lazy to get there asses off the couch& actually work
Everyone needs healthcare regardless of current standing. Is such a concept too hard to grasp, or is empathy not your strong suit either?
not for the ones who abuse it. no i don't have empathy for people that are just to lazy, shouldn't be an excuse. (:
And who are the "lazy" ones here? News flash. Affordability is escaping everyone. It's not an issue of laziness.
Don't run in 2020
He would be president if he were that popular
I the DNC didn't shaft him to keep their corruption alive, then yes. He lead Trump by 12 points in polls on Election Day.
It's a shame that democrats like you would rather lose to a buffoon than run someone who actually can do some good.
Yeah, he's being investigated for bank fraud. #sierrablanca
His wife is being investigated 4 something to do w/ the school she was a president of. If you did any research, you'd know it's a witch hunt
Gee, where have I heard THAT before? #BernieIsTrump #NeverBernie #MAGA #SierraBlanca
The good thing is that Communists like you NEVER use scare tactics like "DEATH" as a way to get people to side with U...
#CrazyBernie #MAGA
You mean like how Republicans used to talk about "death panels"?
Except death panels are real #CharlieGard
Here is a giant death panel> GOP repealing and stealing health care from millions.
Stealing? How so?
Well, if law removes protections for preexisting conditions, then ppl lose it. Cause and effect
By that same metric O'care also stole h'care from millions. I'm sure you were outraged by that as well.
How can 22 million die if only 11.4 million are enrolled? That's the amount of 1/4 of California's population alone. Try Google for facts!
Would stop nitpicking tweets and think about the fact he is trying to help us and the GOP want a tax brake for there contributors.
Government run healthcare is a scam. By any government.
And if you want to throw opinions around,  major insurance companies make money hand over fist off peoples misery. Like a drug dealer.
I've lived in a country where this plan exists. My knowledge is real. You are not.
You can give me every tid bit of knowledge you have. Its not going to change the widely researched healthcare of the world.
The vote today is to discuss healthcare.  I hope you now know the consequences of voting against that.  The smart Democrats will vote yes.
The vote is to discuss a shitty "healthcare" bill that most of the country and medical associations already reject. "No" is the smart choice
Most of the country rejects Obamacare. A healthcare system that fines people that can't afford it.  How sick is that? 6.5 million paid fine.
Trust me. They do they just don't care
are they more afraid of Trump or the American people? We will vote them out in #2018!
No you won't! Democrat party is dead! They've lost allll credibility! Their lying & cheating has been exposed for the world to see!
. Gee golly that's what the republicans do constantly. So they dying also?
Yap yap yap! Typical Liberal hypocrite!
funny how idiots assume that pple are liberals if they are against ur party. you're a hypocrite
How is stating a fact hypocritical? Lol
you made an ASSumption not a fact. So yes you're  most definitely a hypocrite just for that.
Not "could" Bernie, "will"
Shut up Bernie
Pls add amendment to include free suicide pills to Trumpcare. @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
And, the GOP WILL have blood on their hands. Alabama says: Shame on @SenShelby & Shame on @SenatorStrange.
SO BERNARD... is it 10, 22, 35, 7, MILLION.... how many million guesses are you going to tweet to your low information voter bade?
I just don't think they care
They have the best , we pay 4 it. They r getting PD by ins & drug lobbyist.  This is what should be stopped
What if it can be made better?
The "republicans" just don't care.  Sounds better than drain the sump.
If you agree please share....
Where do you come up with 22 million? All the stats I see state 4-6 million
Republicans don't care!!!

They don't care. They hv money and health insurance.
Bernie you are about as ignorant as a man can be.
Repurpose the foundations(trillions$)repurposed for health care for USpoor need to grab that now esp. Canada etc might move to get its share
Absolutely vital is ending  and ethnic monopolies in finance banking ,media, universities, music, entertainment foreign religious leaders
Policy changes 1 end rich esp banks & finance &corporate, lawyers, universities, private schools, foreign nannies of isolating rich frm poor
I have researched lies of pro Israel Christian leaders1 Judaism more Talmud Kabbalah>old Test.2Islam compromised=state need t create charity
Republicans don't care if AMERICANS suffer and die. It's called Social Darwinism. A cult that hijacked Christianity and Judaism and Congress
Republicans and Democrats masquerading as Christians and Jews but really are a Social Darwinism Death Cult of TRAITORS. #Congress #p2 #tcot
Shut up, got sit in the corner and color!
I hope you understand, @SenSanders, that I'm not paying for anyone else's health care insurance. Everyone pays for their own.
Bernie, I think you'd better check the number of people who refused/couldn't afford Obamacare. You might shock yourself...
So walk away. Run as independent. You know you'll win. Then you can fix it. There are more than enough of us to get you elected.
Dam how many died before government got involved.
@SenSanders- thnx to u & other Senators who vote no on new healthcare bill! It's not many "could die." Many WILL die. I may be one of them.
They clearly don't care.
These people would drop insurance as there wouldn't be a penalty.
The current system is broken, corrupt and killing us. YOU and the dems did this to us! Now you want to enslave us
You have no clue about health care & the reality on the ground. The real crisis is coming- a physician shortage- that's what will kill.
No solutions just politics of fear. Became a multimillionaire by promising free stuff that no one can pay for. Total scam artist con
You must have a pretty low opinion of your constituents if you believe they're stupid enough to fall for that rhetoric.
They truly don't care their followers could their boss be  horrible to say a women and they'd blame her - wait they do - oh yeah grab hm....

So Bernie, how come yours & the dems plan puts less in our pockets that the others?
Really dude? Your going down the whole "ppl will die road again"?
Maybe donate one of your homes, or heck pay more taxes? Looks like you can
It's terrible that deadbeat American's might loose their healthcare. NOT!!!
What about those that are paying more for insurance than mortgage? What about those that have to empty their 401K's & sell their homes?
What did they do before Obamacare???? Hmmm?
The problem with socialism is you eventually run out of other people's money. Or you wouldn't be getting investigated for bank fraud.
More than that are losing their coverage under Romney/Obamacare
how many of them died before they were forced to have coverage by Obamacare?
Good
They understand Bernie... they just don't care 
I hope democrats realize with your logic that many thousands have already died as a result of the failure of Obamacare not everyone has ins
We're scared....  In the middle of the fight of her life, now having to worry whether or not she'll be covered in the future.
Awful that in this country we have to beg legislators for the right to live. Hoping that you two get through this, we're fighting for you.
Are you tweeting from your beach house?
Lots of sugar=consequences
Low fat = lots of sugar!
Please stop lying....millions will NOT die
And you know that, divisive disgusting politics you don't deserve the paycheck that the taxpayers provide you, quit and go away
That's absolutely ridiculous & disgusting politics no 1 is going 2 die because they don't have HI 4 50+ yrs hosps/Drs have treated ppl wo HI
Simple question - if the ACA is so great WHY did You and @TheDemocrats Exempt Congress, Staff and Unions from having to use it?
Nope Bernie many millions will then put that $$ into taking care of our own lives. Get OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE! OUT OF OUR LIVES #FULLREPEAL
DO NOT MISLEAD THE AMERICAN PUBLIC.  THIS VOTE WAS ONLY TO ALOW YOU TO TALK ABOUT HEALTH CARE WHERE IT COUNTS, IN CHAMBERS.  GET TOGETHER
They don't care Bernie.  I wish there was something we could do to make them, but they dont. #disgusting #darkdayinUSHistory
Do not try to deceive the American public. This vote today was only to alloy discussions on a health care.  Why are you afraid to talk about
no one is taking anyone off of healthcare. and you ain't getting your single payer crap either
Bernie i am not free i am in consant fear because of the ties to rusha what about the black vote i know its not trump vote
The dissabled i know we want the right to recover not his vote eather womens vote women are afreid of him
That would imply they care about anything than that book they keep brandishing as if it was law
Bernie should retire to one of his vacay homes. How's Lake Champlain this time of year??? Liar and wife who committed fraud. 3 of a kind.
An estimated 16 to 18 million of that 22 million would CHOOSE to not have healthcare because that's their RIGHT. Healthy and un-needed.
I am not free no longer Kgb runs Trump and i belive the kkk has there fingers in it to thay have that chip out now and juners a traider
What are my parents going to do now?
Why are people not going after the insurance companies that are causing the issue not Obama care or trump care?
Survival of the fittest. Weak shall perish. (Law of Nature)
It was just a vote for discussion.
You can't tell the programmed sheep there's another way decades  of brainwashing , stop the dirty $$ from insurance companies
The real enemy here is the insurance companies
I truly hope Democrats get control and pass single payer, then they'll be able to claim two complete failures. #singlepayersucks
Wait, I thought you never said Republicans would be killing people.
Anyone who has died the last 7 years has apparently broken the law.
Well, my in-laws were on Medicare anyway, so I think they were exempt.
I think liberals make exceptions for old people. It’s their duty to die to save the planet! Unless Republicans kill them. No one’s sure. 
Apparently, sick babies are fair game, too.
...and unborn babies, of course.
oh bla bla bla
But it's okay to kill thousands of babies. You libs keep me amused with your hypocrasy.
How many people died when they lost health care due to Obamacare?
But military gets funding they need for Wars! Apparently the citizens of America that fund all this don't matter..#ImpeachTrump
Gov should not dictate healthcare. If it was so good why isn't Obama on it?
you may have more to worry about if your IT guy was named #Imranawan Imran Awan #AntibioticResistance CNNfakenews  won't tell U
'Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people." I hope our government officials are great minds
You should be ashamed because ur vote on Obamacare did the same thing! ONLY 10million signed up!
They do. They do not care. Caring is not a quality the GOP has much use for. There is too little $profit$ in caring.
Single payor bankrupts no one, allowing health insurance companies to do business as usual bankrupts everyone.
ER will once again become primary physician offices.  Who do you think the cost of this is passed off to..
I don't know what's wrong with America anymore.. So sad
I believe they understand their actions.  The healthcare lobbyists, the 1%, & over turning a legacy is more important.
The deductibles and co pays are so high its like having no ins anyway.what good is having it if you cant use it? You and the dems are a joke
Look, just slink back into one of your mansions and think about how we all know you're lying for political purposes.
Its simple Bernie,give us the healthcare you and the rest of you lying politicians have.
You rolled over like a dog and let the DNC steamroll over you and now you want us to heed your comments? You were in on the whole thing lol
No one cared when Obama did it. My husband needed care and he couldn't cus they canceled our insurance n enrolling period was over. Wtf
Well if they take them off OC the Insurance's and medical aren't going to make money because people can't afford it an  burying most of them
I'm voluntarily taking myself out. Government should NOT mandate HEALTH CARE. PERIOD.
I am terrified. I am the middle of a health crisis and I am terrified.
I think you have some problem hearing Trump the magnificent promises American people that they will have a great health care so stop lying
shut up Bernie. Go back to Russia.
Thank you Bernie for standing up for the ppl of America this will kill. I will die on Trump care but no one seems to give a crap about that
You LIE. Ovomitcare doesnt cover anything or anybody, it is DOA It was never meant to last, just 2 b transformed into Single payer EU system
like John McCain they don't care they have theirs and could careless about the American people.  We need you Bernie Sanders.
All you did was "Vote to Vote." Kind of pathetic considering how long it took to get here
They don't understand and they don't care - the GOP stands for Greed Over People.
Liar
The CBO had the numbers WRONG on Obamacare!It essentially lied to the American people!Let's start there. This is where the deceit  started !
Nope. The people will actually have money in their pockets to pay for everything that insurance just denies.
One can only hope
22 million votes lost?
Shut up Bernie it's time to go get your wife out of jail
10 million enrollees - 20 million losing coverage. Hmmm- this equation doesn't make sense, MathBoy. #BernieCantDoMath
32 million off medical coverage when they deny replacement.
Putting millions of people into 3rd world conditions.
This Is Not America:
This is why we have #CommonCore $2400 thanks to Barry $11,000 INS CEOs Big Pharma Govt ROBBED ME #ObamaCareFAILEDME
Not could, WILL
How can you throw 22 million off when there's only 10 million on you need to go back to your wife's failed to college and learn math
They are counting on it Sir!
Did you care about those who lost insurance they liked, and eventually lost, because of the ACA?

Not "could" Senator. "WILL".
How many can no longer afford insurance? How many are now forced to buy sub-standard insurance?
Take your socialist bunk somewhere else.  Obama is killing people every day.  Insurance but can't use it high deductable
They don't care. I hope we all remember their vote during mid terms
That's exactly what they want.
Is it true you are stealing your neighbors news papers?  I can only assume it is true #nofakenews
Ridiculous actions by Republicans!  #Single-Payer
Boehner predicts GOP will 'never' repeal, replace ObamaCare
How can you be a sitting US Senator and not know how the Senate works? The only answer is you're intentionally lying to stir up your base.
Get the government out of our healthcare
Many others close to Medicare age will have to pay ridiculous premiums. This is how the GOP rewards hard working tax paying Americans.
#fakenews from the Socialist
Please explain how repealing a plan that enrolled 10M will take away healthcare from 22M.
Elections have consequences. Go away and stop sucking on democrats teet.

Bernie is:
When an incorrigible old coot deliberately misstates the CBO analysis.
If the Corporate-State wasn't sickening communities with nuke/chem toxins , taxes ,& Tall Tales ppl wouldn't need profiteering SicK-CaRe
By barring thousands of yrs of holistic medicine from mainstream edu & media> Pharma run Corporate-State straps millions into sick-care sys
aca has never had 22 million people covered.  Numbers have been steadily declining and now are ~9.2 million per cms.
Is that the same math you and wife used to defraud the government?
YOU-with your gold plated plans- are UNAWARE WHAT Obamacare does to US- Can't afford ANY care. Premiums/deductibles so high.Nothing left
Will die. Like anyone care about a black slave in America. F This Dead Country and my people. So dead. But the mi lottery kiss my balls
We are all going to die eventually. ACA didn't lengthen the average American Life. You just want to force people toward Socialism. Bad Move.
Hate it! I need my insurance!
Really. How many died before Obamacare??? By your math we'd have a lot less people. Work this out in your head before posting next time.
Around 45,000 a year died due to lack of insurance prior to the ACA... a healthcare plan created by the Heritage Foundation/Mitt Romney.
Many Dems were less than enthusiastic and wanted single payer in 2010 but compromised because ACA was better than the alternatives.
This is, well, a dangerous, blatant lie. Gobble it up, Bernie lovers.
Listen up Gramps, ppl die everyday w or w/out insurance. &U urself hve one foot on a banana peel & a slip away from a dirt nap. Lmao
Scare tactics won't work Bernie.

they haven't taken any off insurance
What's happens when people know longer buy things they're being FORCED BY LAW to buy? More happiness,more choices,more $$,better quality.
Trying to rile up your Bernie "Don't shoot me" Bros?
Get govt out of health care completely. HSAs, cross state sales, individual plans, let employers provide health care as a benefit again.
You're lying Bernie. The vote today was to proceed with a debate. This is why people don't trust you anymore.
Bernie, for God's sake. If they will die after repeal, why did they not die before ObamaCare. Your overreaction is absurd! Stop it!
You and your cronies passed a health bill that was unworkable. Blame yourselves.
I hope you and your wife go to prison.
Not 22 million Bernie. There was only a little over 9.5 million on Obamacare. Where do you get your lies? Chucky?
