Danielle Martin is just one doc.  Ask other Canadian docs about how frustrated they are with taking care of patients in Canada
Since you raised this, name other Cdn Drs that would get rid of universal health care.
I dont want to give specific names but I know a neurosurgeon who trained at u of t and did fellowship at ucla who is frustrated with canada
And I know doctors who moved to USA -- but came back when they found what the grass was really like, on the other side of the fence.
They came back to escape US litigation - not because its better for patients
Not what the doctors say. It was the system itself they rejected. (litigation, if mentioned, was only small part, dealt with by insurance).

Bigger income is a different matter than better health care.
it gets paid for with our tax dollars not by this mysterious thing called government. we pay for it so its not "free"
If it's paid by tax, what about the 45% of US that doesn't pay income tax?
There are a lot of other taxes they do pay besides federal income tax. Payroll, sales, state income, excise, ...
Well, Bernie wants it paid through income tax so that means the "wealthy" 55% will be paying for the less fortunate 45%. Fair?
Fair? Absolutely.
Or are you one of those guys that we should go back to a feudal system?
Don't be naive. Taking everything from the top 1% wouldn't cover the "medicare for all" for even 1 year.
Hyperbole much?
Who said anything about taking everything from the 1%?
And yet, Canada has universal healthcare...
Everything I've read has this costing  $1 trillion + per year. Bernie wants to tax the "wealthy" The wealthy's entire net worth not enough
In my limited exp wi/neurosurgeons from Canada...was little choice on products to use. Cheap was only consideration.
Untrue.
Cost effective more likely. Still too many vultures around the CND system getting rich.
And those who made decisions sat on board without medical degrees
And what is your medical degree(s)?
Or is making chronically ill look fabulous your highest qualification?
And for the record I believe we need better than the ACA and it needs to be improved. I just caution romanticizing it
Or romanticizing all free healthcare. There are a lot of pros. Based on experience...I'm merely mentioning a con
"Free healthcare" is not perfect. Always room for improvement. 
Sadly, too much greed from (some) doctors to manufacturers.
There is greed. No doubt. But ive seen the Canadian system struggle to keep up with gold standards. Both sides @fault
So why do so many wealthy canadians go across the border to the US for healthcare? Waiting for months for a routine procedure not inferior?
Why do so many wealthy Americans go to other countries for treatment?
Roads,fire dept,trash collection,police,post office, gov't paid and generally all running at a good enough level.
#CentralPlanning resource allocation is inferior 2 #FreeMarket regardless of US, Canada, or #healthcare. Not myth, but economic certainty.
It's slow and has lines...call it rationing..
Again not so in Quebec. Some fields better in private system (i.e. Dermatology).  Rich people go to USA for certain procedures...
And the erosion of services in QC is partially due to privatization encroaching in the system. Doctor playing a game.
I'm Canadian.  Took them 2 weeks to figure out that my 18mo son had traces of pneumonia.  If I had the choice to pay for better care I would
It's not inferior...it's rationed.  

Why else would Canadians go to the US to have a Cardiac procedure done that was developed in Canada?
I'm a  PGY4 love everyone having #heathcare but always feel uncomfortable w the near monopoly control the gov has how can I feel better?
The many dieing while waiting for care would beg to differ.
What is your experience with the Canadian healthcare system?
Is one only allowed to have experience on something to comment on it?
But to answer, many news story's and videos on the topic.
Right... that's why our cancer clinics have consistently had growing numbers of canadians coming for treatment. bc it's not better care...
Point to stats please.
i only have stats from my US place of work, which I'm not announcing on here, but i hear from many Canadian patients daily Y they choose US
Anecdotes are not data. I have no interest in hearsay.
and @docdanielle 's opinion is?? It's not even hearsay as she is an outsider without experience.
By the government you mean the taxpayers !
Cdn here. I pay reasonable taxes for my income. Spent 5 yrs on dialysis. Kidney transplant 9 yrs ago. No addtnl $$ and  feeling great!
@pdeppisch  Happy to wait since in the long run, Canada's life expectancy is 2 years longer than U.S. so the wait is worth it.
Another myth is that it's "paid for by govt.".  It's paid for out of tax revenue and in Ontario an additional designated premium tax.
#SinglePayer saves $600 billion/yr by eliminating unnecessary, too expensive insurer middlemen who add nothing to value of health care!


I have a friend in Canada who has a friend who got double mastectomy and was sent home same day w/some pain meds.   How is that good care?
I have awesome universal healthcare. Love being !
You do realize that the gov't pays for things with our money right? A single-payer health care system is unrealistic in the long term#2ndAfa
In India the All India Institute of Medical Sciences is created and funded by govt-their eye hospital compares with the best in the world.
Lets talk wait times..30 hrs to even get a sniff of a bed  and 1 nurse per 30 patients ..Is this correct and the average
Where does the government get the money?  Higher Taxes?
It gets paid for by you & me not the Government!!
Anecdotal I know, but I never met or known a Canadian or European who complained about their health-care.
It doesn't get paid for by the govt. That's a myth. It gets paid for by the taxpayers. And nearly 50k Canadians get care outside Can evry yr
Fair enough: who has the better macro and micro healthcare facilities?
Canadians live longer!!!!!
My VA care provided by the U.S. Gov. and I have no problems with it. Prefer it one stop for everything. Have to drive my kids all over.
Why do we need the government to get involved. Give it to the states.
Yes but Canada tends to have more snow and people tend to be more polite! So can they really be trusted on health care? Yes, stupid argument
My insurance through my job in the US gave me far better healthcare than what OHIP gives me here.
How much was the cost of your insurance and how many citizens can't get health care
Don't worry, under the Republican plans the Mexican government is paying...wait, what?  Oh, sorry, I got that mixed up with the wall.
I pay 100 dollars a month in msp premiums in BC. Cheaper that many US insurance plans.
2/2 members of my family have received excellent cancer treatment, open-heart surgery, and kidney transplant - for "free" (i.e. tax $$$).
1/2 It has its issues, but it's sure as hell better than the US system. My access to a family doctor is terrible (2-3 *month* wait), but ...
Then go on it with us @SenSanders if it's great. No answer ? As always ?
Admin makes up 30% of US healthcare costs. Imagine how much more care you can get when you actually spend it on care!
If you think #healthcare is expensive now, wait til it's free.  Duh
No kidding!
Everyone knows Republicans won't vote for Medicare for all because the insurance agencies pay them no to.
Everyone knows you don't know what you are talking about
There is a huge cost (loss) due to over-administration when every cent has to be charged...the insurance job is to pay as little as possible
If the country goes broke, do we lose all RIGHTS, or just the one that relies on taxation???

RIGHTS exist without taxation
Lots of myth exist about Canada,but facts are facts, life expectancy in Canada is 8th on the top list&the US is down the list at 22! #health
No just the wait lines are so long and so many people were  dying it was ruled a violation of patients rights
In USA pd near 300 mo for ins, co & pharm NOT my specialist  said no to surgery.Canada did surgery asap. 30%chnc to live.10yrs later...TY 
We are the government, let's make it work for us

FLASHBACK: Bernie Sanders in 1987 said “If we expanded Medicaid to everybody...we would bankrupt the nation.” 
Lol @scrowder care to give your input
I agree, BUT, the taxpayer has no choice in which Dr. they get - it's the 1st Dr. that has an opening in a practice w/i 100 km of patient.
What?  I can choose whichever Dr I want....always have.  Don't know what you're talking about.
What province do you live in? http://www.health.gov.on.ca/en/ms/healthcareconnect/pro/ … They have no choice.
Incorrect. No province dictates which Dr you get. Only limitation is openings. I've worked on both sides of border and Cdn system better imo
#AltRight Conservatives are creating any lie they can to shoot down FREE Universal Healthcare for all.
How you pay for it.
All business pay 6% payroll tax.
employees pay 2% for self 
4% if dependents
No contribution over $40,000 wages.
Done.
World class in some cases.
The fact that profit is out of the Medical system, mean more services are rendered with the same dollar.
Best care my kids ever received was during our brief stint on Medicaid during the Great Recession.
The taxes we pay for UnivHC is a fraction of the comparative US costs for the HC used. Had hernia surgery in May. My cost? Gas for my car.
Hi Paul, is this in Canada? Just checking.
How did ur surgery go? Hope u good as gold
Yep, Canada. Recovery went well, was back to work full-time in a week, 5-6 weeks before feeling 100%. Thx!
 excellent
And it's not just physician and hospital/sick care. It's inter professional and preventive care too!
Thats not what Keith Jones says.
If it's paid for by the government that means the people are paying
Talk to any soldier about health care run this way.
But it doesn't get paid 'by the govt'. It gets paid by the ppl. What Bernie is telling you is the cost. Pls note the illion starts with a T
But that is the general opinion that is promoted, also when approving sophisticated specialists and tests, also the age of the patient...
Is that why ER's in Buffalo are always full of Canadians?
Please humor me that the government of 300 million ppl will do what's right for me. Are you a fool? They do what's right 4 government not me
It's also the only choice-do you trust government? Ask yourself that when they hold all the cards to your health. Do they care about you?
Yes!
Medicare in US managed for decades by Gov and wonderful program that has extended life and quality of life for milions and millions
thank you Lyndon Johnson and Dems
My husband's aunt died b/c "It wasn't her turn." Her 3 kids lost their mother.
Same thing has happened up here too many times to count.  I am so sorry.
Shows how much faith and confidence Americans have in their govt...
Yeah, this needs to be addressed
The only people that know the truth is the ones that experienced it. I have, both sides and Universal Healthcare is amazing.
You ever look at the wait times?  There is a reason Canada needs to publish them on the internet. Not all costs are measured in dollars
Except when it comes to mental health. Canada isn't doing so great in that regard.
Neither does the United States when it deals with the mentally ill or disturbed.
Thank Reagan for the destruction of mental health institutions. Instead of getting people help, we arm them and let them loose. Sigh...
A lot of ppl think HI companies are the providers. They are just a for-profit pass thru. Their goal is profit. Period
Take out the multi levels of profiteering and we'd all have affordable Care. I want care not insurance
The United States healthcare system is ranked 35th by WHO but we spend the most money per capita in healthcare go figure.
Also Italy and holland healthcare who are single payer systems rank in the top ten by WHO.  There is the problem.
Canadian Health Care isn't perfect (far from it). But, it is superior to the US system in health outcomes and efficiency. 1/
2/
