Definitely not!! Please excuse us until we impeach this knucklehead & get rid of all of the corrupt slime that call themselves the GOP!!
GOP= Get Out of Politics!   ASAP
Judy,Judy,Judy!! Excellent acronym!! Mind if I use this one?
But he does.  63 million Americans voted for Trump  You need to realise just how quintessentially American he is.
Bernie you have no values. You don't value life when you support murdering, butchering, aborting innocent babies. God has a place for you.
Oh, Bernie. You are so right. I wish you'd had the chance.
You sure as hell don't
ThAnk you !!!
Sir, you lifers in House & Senate surely do not represent American values.  You represent "your values", and they change with each election.
With respect, you're about a light year away from representing American values yourself. We're desperate for someone that does, though!
He was only the most popular candidate during the primaries and would be our president right now if not for the DNC.
He's a twat!!
Dignity. Word.
Do not worry, Germany is busy with their own problem.
Please don't see Americans as @realDonaldTrump he is an embarrassment to the American people!!
He's is not an embarrassment to me, speak for yourself @renasofer
I am speaking for myself. Thank you
Yeah, if speak for yourself, leave out "American people". Trump is my president.
Actually he does...
He is our President! He represents "We the People". You do not speak for us!
Neither do you, sir! The American Dream was constructed on a foundation of Free Enterprise system. Socialism is a foundation for a NIGHTMARE
actually, trump DOES represent us now, as did Obama b4.  U, if u forget, l-o-s-t, w/ help of ur party. u now rep vermont-ONLY
He represents my values.
Poll for #BernieBros #Bernie Supporters:
When Bernie didn't become the Democrats' nominee, who did you end up voting for?
#FeelTheBern
@Bernie_Facts @Ondoism
Wait a minute Mr socialist sanders!  Mr TRUMP DOES REPRESENT AMERICA's VALUES!  That's why we elected him!!!!
رو
Neither does, Bernie
Well said!  At last, class in politics
I do not think that word means what you think it means. How Communist is Sweden, voted by Forbes the best place for business in 2017?
It is important to distinguish between social democracy and Communism. Vastly different philosophies! Do you understand the difference?
Non sequitur. Prototypical even. I prefer chocolate to taking the bus
I disagree.
You don't either. You are the problem. Career politicians like you need to get out to Washington.
And neither do you
And NEITHER DO YOU
What about u? U represent socialism & that is not the American way either. People should not listen to u. All u do is attack others. Geezzzz
Well technically... he does, until somebody else gets appointed... :-(
Bernie you should be president
you certainly do not reorder my values Bernie. You are a hypocrite, you make a LOT more money than me and u paid less tax than I
Benny. Go away
Actually, he does. 
You need to shut your mouth Bernie and not speak for me or I'll shut it for you, permanently!!!
>>@POTUS as hell DOES. Your socialist azz, does NOT. *I* work for a living...
Trump is not the problem actually, it is the fact that he got elected that is the huge problem! The USA has huge problems.
maybe not but your country has a huge problem when a person like Trump gets elected!
You made more than $1 million last year. So much for you bashing capitalism when you profit from it. Pathetic,socialism never works. Wise up
Yes he does, loser.
He represent your (by big money corrupted) political system and the egocentric world view of many US-Americans in best way.
The ass speaks again !!!
Thanks for defending our reputation - I wish it wasn't needed, but Thanks x 1M
I never thought that Obama represented American values either.
Well.. than.. was you support of Hillary "American values" too?
Speak for yourself. Pres Trump didn't get elected because he was a Libertarian, he got elected because he shares honest American Values
Bernie you suck @BernieSanders You are the biggest liar tell everyone about what Hillary gave you a vacation home new car &money HYPOCRITE
Bernie is a GOOD MAN with TONS OF CLASS! That's why I voted 4 U! #p2 #dems #tpot #tlot
BERNIE SANDERS ANY COMMENTS OR ACTION ON THE #SethRichMurderInvestigation ? ANYTHING TO SAY ABOUT THE #SethRich LEAKS TO WIKILEAKS ?
BERNIE SANDERS NEVER WORKED A JOB IN HIS LIFE, BERNIE IS A WIMP $$$$$ DOESN"T PRACTICE WHAT HE SAYS, STANDS FOR NOTHING #HOTAIR #TERMLIMITS
BERNIE SANDERS BLACKMAILED TO SUPPORT HILLARY WHO CHEATED HIM IN THE PRIMARY WIFE JANE STOLE FROM A COLLEGE SAYS ZERO ON BEHALF OF #SethRich
#SethRich A BERNIE SUPPORTER LEAKED DNC CORRUPTION & BERNIE SAYS NOTHING DOESN"T TRY TO HELP IN THE INVESTIGATION WHAT MORALS DO YOU HAVE ??
#Mr. BerrnieSandetrs #YOU ARE TRUE REPRESENTATIVE OF AMERICA Please don't think that President Trump represents American values, he doesn't.
I'm with you from Japan.
Tell people how you see in your head what is American values.
Well there you go, Feel the Bern is all over this, LMAO!
Yes he does. We don't want to Pay your bills and we don't want murdering Islam's and we don't endorse Bernie Sanders who fights our POTUS.
Well, not Bernie's American values, Socialsm isn't an American value held by most Americans.
And neither do you. At least Trump is on the side of the US.
Please don't speak for all of us. !
Then why is he the president? Are you more representative, sold out by your own party only to endorse your own cuckolding after the fact?
He should resign for his incredible disloyalty to the American people. This type of poor judgement disqualifies him to serve
Your American values don't speak for all either. We have #freewill to value what we want in this country.
The President of the United Stares does represent American values. A single Senator does not, especially when not speaking up against party
yes he does fraud
Oh now he Feigns concern over "Our Values" Re: HRC's obvious corruption, emails and massively enriching herself - Pass!! #Loser
Bernie, I do know that there are wonderful people in the USA. I have very dear American friends whom Trump does not represent.
Respectfully Sir. Step aside and take @HillaryClinton with you.  @POTUS is all 
Trump won 37 states.  Nice try though.
but you do mr 6 houses,a servant of the people, dude you represent about 1/16th of the people in america that think like you dont speak 4 me
Yes Trump does, u however do not u couldn't even beat the sea hag Killary
Bernie you don't represent my values. Trump does and he is President. You are a washed up old crumudgeon. Go sit in your nice beach house.
Neither do YOU Bernie!
Of course. That's why HE is President and you're not.
Bernie, you are a very liberal, very foolish toolbag for socialism, marxism & communism.  Please move out & take your kind with you.
He is still your president whether you like it or not.
But what math formula states how much more Trump represents America than a commie symp?
Ha Bernie your values had you endorse a candidate who robbed you.  I like Pres Trump's values.  Winning, no bs.
Seriously Bernie, Germany tried socialism once, remember 
No you don't represent American values you Socialist!
To the people of the world

This old socialist doesn't represent American values

That's why he isn't President
You're old and tired.  Go to bed.
He represents American values, just not the liberal globalist money grubbing ones. He cares more about our safety then the entire dem party!
Dear Bernie Sanders, Yes he does.
Bernie:  you don't speak for me.  Who gave you the power to speak for me?
Bernie sold out to Hillary
And what do represent Bernie," Zionist globalist values!! America gives you a home and this is how you repay it.
Lazy socialists don't represent American values
What must others think of apologists?  Pity?  Embarrassment?  Can't be flattering.
Wimp
To the peoples of the world, please don't think Bernie Sanders views represent America, they do not.
Bernie is the best!! #BERNIE2020
gfy
And socialist Bernie does?  I don't think so.  He and Hillary just don't know when to leave the stage.
@SharylAttkisson It's those very"values"of globalism,open borders& PC which drove Americans AWAY from you to vote for Trump.
Neither do Socialists who for some unfathomable reason think everything should be free cradle to grave.
What was that law against doing this again?
omg Sanders is a COMPLETE JOKE,,,he's NEVER had a real job and his wife is under investigation LMAO
You certainly don't represent American values
Yeah, well, neo-Commie Bernie Sanders sure doesn't represent "American values" either.
Germany et al, ask yourself why liberalism and socialism is LOSING everywhere it exists.
Hey berni , why is your wife being investigated by the FBI for bank fraud, heir comrade. Redistributing money into your pocket? Lol
@POTUS Trump represents my views and those of most all my friends and family. YOU don't represent anyone outside your little district.
This man does not speak for me. I spoke with my vote.
Yes Bennie...you, cranky, frothing socialist nut-job represent America. Hahahahahahahaha...ahh ueah...Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
#threehouses ........
You don't get to speak for me,  or many of your supporters who watched you give them to Hillary without a fight.  Coward. Speak for yourself

Wrong. Very Wrong. Get out of your Bubbles.
But Kathy Griffin, Bill Maher and Stephen Colbert do?
Your socialist values are not mine so knock it off and do your job in the senate.
What values do you have! You let your own party cheat you and your supporters and you say nothing! That's a real loser!
@SharylAttkisson Don't you think for a second that you speak for me. Your a socialist/ Communist I'm not, I'm an American.
Your wife is going to prison for fraud
YOU ARE UNDERMINING, SABOTAGING MY PRESIDENT. YOU ARE DESPICABLE. THIS IS UNFORGIVABLE !  copy: @newtgingrich @GovMikeHuckabee @POTUS
Oh, yes he does!
That is why he is POTUS!
God Bernie, I hope you don’t think you represent America.  Loon.
Achtung Germany @SenSanders represents a state 1/3 the size of München.  He's a socialist just like Hitler & has many homes like him too.
Alright. You really have made me mad now.  You don't speak for all of those ppl who put @realDonaldTrump in office. HOW DARE YOU? QUIET!!
Yes, he does, Bernie! Ur completely tone deaf and out of touch with regular Americans.
Well I sure hope @SenSanders doesn't represent American values!!! #socialist
You lost to a loser that lost to Trump.  Think about that.
Actually, he does
To the people of Germany: Bernie Sanders DOES NOT represent American values. He's a total #nutjob.
Poor Bernie dopey commie sold out to the devil but then the devil lost. What happens now? At least you got a house out of it.
Actually, sir, he does. He loves & values the USA and will do all he can to protect US, despite the wreckless, unthinking hate towards him.
Don't be so sure
An ancient Commie and Castro-lover, self-hating Jew (I'm Jewish) and dangerous evil man who hates liberty and freedom.  Down with Sanders!
To the people of Germany: you are looking at Karl Marx II.
You've had your 15 minutes. Buh bye.
Uhh...Bernie, you're a socialist...far from American values. How's that house the DNC bought you? 
Yes he does. YOU don't.
Libs dont believe in Hard work pay ur own way, educate yourself American opportunity, laws, family, God, Constitution, #MadBernie #SadBernie
I am tired of ignorance - Bernie Sanders DOES NOT SPEAK FOR ME NOR MOST AMERICANS - U msm liberal democrats just keep running that mouth
Yes, he does!  That's why we elected him!

Sit down, you sellout.
But you do??  
Hey Bernie what about Deutschland's immigration policies? Good or regrets looking at all the rapes and murders, not good
Says the guy who honeymooned in Moscow! Socialism and communism are compatible, isn't that right comrade!
Move to Venezuela NOW Bernie
Sanders doesn't rep our values. We're not passive Euro cucks. Trump elected as only one saying stuff Americans recognized as their own.
My God. Trump derangement syndrome. It's a thing!
Neither do you @sen
Funny I'm American and I know we have a leader who has American values & there is millions like me!
Our elected President DOES reflect the values of most Americans! Thank God! The embarrassment is you dear Bernie!
I completely support @potus and wish him success in rescuing our country from Socialism. It fails everywhere. Move to Venezuela Bernie.
Neither does Bernie
You do not represent our values either.
Maybe you should report on ACA pgs 2006-09 Sebelius directive non fed must prove "Indian enough" see title 6 CR act no fed $ to any 1/2
Program that uses race as a qualifier "Indian enough" Pocahontas's tribe isn't fed recog why are CR violations against Amer Indians ok 2/2
The only way this failure ever succeeded was when he figured out how to make a living by spending other people's money.
Sorry ole Bern.  Yes he does.
You certainly don't Mr Sanders!!
If Trump doesn't reflect the Values of most Americans, then why was he elected President?  Bernie Sanders is a demented old man
Oh how he fights for the immigrant voter to show up at elections at the cost of American safety.
Yes he does!!!
Socialism is Un American.
#subversion #Treason #AntiAmerican #NWO @GEORGESOROS @HillaryClinton @BarackObama #centralizedWorldGovernment #NOTHANKYOU

Hey Bernie, f^__* Germany
Nor does Bernie Sandwrs - most of us are somewhere in between where real people reside!!
Oh, I thought he'd moved to Venezuela...
To the people of Germany and the rest of the world please don't think crazy Bernie sanders represents me. I have faith in President Trump.
Well he was kinda elected president
So do you represent American values ?
LOSER!
You may speak for yourself but not me.
LOSER!  
Apparently YOUR views don't represent America .. either.
When are you going to speak up and speak out about Seth Rich.  He died in YOUR NAME
Sanders doesnt come close to representing American values.
to the people of the world please don't think #Sanders represents any values at all.  He is a value free fauxcialist, except homes & cars
How's the 600k home treating you bern? Maybe you could donate money to Venezuela
Right @SenSanders does I mean he supported ACA which violates title 6 of CR act for American Indians in non fed tribes @POTUS is 1/2
Against @TheDemocrats bigotry against American Indians that's why he's going to repeal replace & hopefully prosecute them 2/2
Ignore the story of this century @TheDemocrats engage in Indian Genocide via Obamacare media silent covfefe "soon we will have justice"
