How much did you pay these people? Truth is there R long lines, elderly die, R told what treatments can have & no specialists, unless rich.
I had a kidney infection when I was 9 and my parent just recently payed it off. I'm 23
Yes I'm American and yes I wish we had coverage. I'm a very sick person and it sucks because sometimes I have to stay at home...
Crying in pain and stay sick for weeks because of the price of meds and the doctor visit.
That's horrifying and uncivilized. Universal healthcare is a right. It is insane that the US doesn't provide this to its own people.
Healthcare should be viewed as a right and not a privilege here in the USA.  We are so divided that we don't want to help one another. :(
We have 320m Americans growing by 4m each year! It's unaffordable and unsustainable when we allow 1 m into the nation per year!
May I ask where you get your statistics from, and how you figure 1,000,000 ppl allowed in contribute nothing but take everything?
I never said that I just said we allow 1 million immigrants per year to become citizens
What isn't sustainable about it unless they only take and not give...???
320m and then with able bodied only 60% working and 110m tax payers.
110m? Is 60%?
Taxes, remember most our population is either kids or retired
This is bullshit! You KNOW people in the US will get treated, just like any other country. Just ask your fucking illegals. #hehatesamerica
This is so true. A bunch of us Canadians went to the US and a friend we were with passed out and hit his head. We called the ambulance...
..bc he was bleeding and he came to and pleaded with us to call it off, he was panicking about the cost & we were completely shocked
The thought had literally never crossed our minds that when you're gravely hurt you don't call the ambulance. And this man was quite wealthy
Without a doubt, Canadian healthcare has saved my life and the life of my friends multiple times and we have never paid a dime for it
I keep hearing that it's free??? 
Are you guys thst naive??
It can be free, depending on how much you use it. Also, some people do not pay taxes and they still have free health care.
There is no such thing as FREE!!!
someone is paying for it, you, your neighbor... someone! Quit saying its free, like it magically comes from outer space!
I understand your point.
Why don't you ask them if they are willing to lose 25% of their income each year to the Govt.
Well medium earners in U.K. Pay ~25% tax TOTAL (not just for health care). Low earners far less. What % do you pay in premiums?
America embarrassed that other countries scolding U 4 saying how "Great" again u r, how wealthy BUT WONT PROVIDE care of American citizens
If some people want this kind of healthcare, give it to them. But some people that don't want it! Let us have that RIGHT!!!!!
You want the right to pay $500,000 for a week of medical care? Why?
I have insurance I like. That works for me and my family. And I don't want the govt involved in my healthcare.
I literally owe my life to the NHS as there is simply no way I could have funded my own kidney transplant & medication. It's freedom to live
We must keep putting pressure on this corporationist Government not to sell its people to profiteers of misery and death. 
I'm a Brit living in the US. I miss our NHS more than anything.
Sounds great! But remember that these people are paying 50%+ in taxes for all this "free" stuff.
Nobody is paying a 50% tax rate lol. Thats just absurd. The absolute top bracket for income tax in Canada is 33%. Under $45k pays 15%.
That is good to know because I was just in Canada, and the people said they pay 45%.
Anyone paying 45% income tax is making alot of money. Like $200k a year. The avg Canadian pays 25-30%
I just looked, the top tax bracket in Canada is listed at 33%.
I know. I already said that...
Germany. You can go any time to any doctor without having to pay anything.
Same in Canada. I couldn't imagine having to pull out a credit or debit card to pay for a Doctor visit.  U.S.A needs the same.
You can actually look up that Canadians are coming here because of how long they have to wait for medical attention in Canada
Not here. Every little village has at least 3 doctors
Never had to go to U.S. for treatment. Some have, but not major issue here. Selling your home for treatment now that's a problem.
Yeah but I'd rather not let the government decide who's worth treatment and who isn't
The govermnent decides nothing considering medical Support here
Only if the same could be said for Europe
Next ask children how much they like getting Christmas presents.

Foolishness does not make sound policy.
TRULY false equivalency.  As if not dying from treatable illnesses in the wealthiest country on earth is a treat.
Give people free stuff and see if they like it.  That is the selling point of all socialist tyranny.
Oh yeah, Canada is super tyrannical.
Increasingly so.  Rome was not destroyed in a day.
Hahah!  Dude. Going bankrupt because you got cancer is tyranny.  Canada is incredible. So sorry for you and yours.
Dudette, Making an entire nation bankrupt because they decided to create a welfare state is suicidal.  So sorry for you and yours.
Is that what they tell you?  Is that really what you believe is happening here?
Can you imagine the super charged boost to the economy when people don't have to choose between their health or their home #BernieCare
Ask them about their taxes.
I would rather pay taxes than thousands and thousands on healthcare, deductibles and bonuses for ceos each year banking on people's misery .
I live in Italy and I can tell you that having Universal HC is great.  Both right and left parties are ok with it.
Can one buy private insurance if they want to?
yes,  it is rare I don't know anyone who did it. everything is free apart from xray scans where we  pay 30 dollars .The poor don't pay .
Thanks.
Just why is this even debatable? We have the money, we have the resources.... What is the problem? Greed and 100 yrs of propaganda
Lived in UK for nearly a decade. Gave birth to preterm baby there while a PhD candidate. Been preaching ever since. #singlepayer
Waiting lines!! Ignoring the horror stories!!
No one is denied medical care in US! Thank u Reagan. Plenty of federal clinics offer screenings, also PP (claims) women's screenings. FQWHC
How about the posts were they disliked it.  But it's your show so I guess we will see what you want us to see.  Again controlling narrative
By the way I'm laughing, it's not Free!! It's costing everyone!! This proves nothing at best proves universal doesn't work for America!!
If that's your opinion, you don't understand universal healthcare.
I do understand it!  It's not free! It costs money!  If Americans want it go live on Canada.  Problem solved. Their taxes are crazy
Our taxes are appropriate for the healthcare we receive. The tax is miniscule compared to the costs of treatment. No bill, no worry.
Check tax rates for higher income earners.  That's nuts.  Penalty for working hard. Govt control that's what that is.
Oh, and that $7000 tax refund I get at the end of the year is awesome!
You should get a new CPA, you are lending the govt $7000 a year and getting no interest. That's not smart. It's not a refund it's your $$
As always, Denmark is 
So much economic ignorance.  No wonder you all flock to a man who has spent his whole life in government.
Ask all these people how much sales tax/personal taxes they pay for their “free” healthcare
Lol, says someone who's never actually looked to see where gov spends most of our tax dollars.
Of course they all like it, they are all leaches.  Healthcare is a benefit, not a right.
Ugh. How can anyone has so little humanity in them as this guy?
Have, not has. It’s not about humanity. Of course it would be ideal in a perfect . But in this  , it cost money. Money doesn’t grow on 
Money is 90% digital and has only the value we give it. It is literally created out of thin air. It would be harder to make and more valuable if it did have to grow on trees.
Absolutely. Healthcare is a human right. Across the world they know this. WTF is so wrong with the US? Are Americans that stupid?
No.  Just brainwashed by US propaganda :(
Just pathetic.....
How old are you!!! You run out of other people's money!!!! Bernie knows this he has 3 million dollar homes!!!
You work for a health insurance company, don't you?
I am an old wore out RN!!! And I have had enough of Democrats and the GOP. LIES!!
I paid for my stuff too old to start paying for everyone who does not want to work
Ok scary lady who will only treat and care for those who have money.
Nice one.
single payer isn't free for working class Americans it places the financial  burden on them politician will opt out anyway
Burden will be less for non-profit healthcare than for a profit making insurance company. You have insurance at what cost? And yet the US..
... already spends more GDP on healthcare that the UK where we have single payer!
Not free, paid for with taxes.
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
U.S. can afford Medicare for all...Only Greed stops the movement.
if you can figure out how to dramatically reduce (eliminate) military industrial complex funding then we can talk. I cannot afford this shit
You already pay more a year than I do on healthcare and you don't even have healthcare as an American vs Canadian.
free market + charity would make this fair, but would be perceived as cruel because ppl think gov would actually is good @ healthcare. sad!
Thank you Senator Sanders for all you do fighting for a decent healthcare system! Keep up the good fight!
See how many are for universal healthcare when you can't choose your Dr or have to wait years for your "free" operation.
Nonsense! U.K. You can choose you GP. Emergency treatment is instant. I waited only 6 weeks for gastroscopy for coeliacs which was no time.
I've known for many years about government health care.. it won't fly in the United States because Drs wont except lower prices for service
I agree with all of them but the main reason they get it for free is that the United States keeps them secure with our military. #healthcare
Yeah. People are totally always trying to invade Luxembourg and Canada. Thank God for the American military keeping them out. Lmao.
Try Germany, France, Poland, Ukraine........
How about instead you try actually learning something about the world
I don't even know what the hell you are talking about. Whatever it is can't be handled on Twitter.
we are talking about you claiming that other countries having universal healthcare is due to the US Military. Which is flat out ridiculous
If the politicians have this Universal Healthcare, why don't we? The deductible for my family is $4000. And hold on, you have to meet
your deductible before your health insurance will pay for anything. So now my Husband is without some of his medication because we
Have not met our $4000 deductible. THIS is America.
Why do people from these countries come to the USA when they really need difficult operations?
Why is it that we can pay for endless wars and not approve Single Payer when it's more fiscally conservative?
ANYONE can walk into any emergency room & get cared for - stop lying - for every story you post 10 more will more say how horrid it is
Ignoramus?  haven't seen that word used in a long time - what is your solution?  or is that too ignoramusy of me?
Well for one, if you remove car crashes and homicides, the US has the highest life expectancy. (Sadly we lead in those)
You really need to see where they get all of these numbers from other countries. They use different metrics which ruin the data.
Sobbing as I watch this. I am 47 and without insurance because of a recent divorce.  Forced off all meds for arthritis I am now in a wheelchair. Loosing my teeth because of a simple cavity turned abcess. Left behind. Terrified, really terrified.
I find it strange that none of these people have accents. What happens the gov. Informs you the treatment cost more than your life?
I have talked to so many ppl that live in the actual real world.... It's not as great as y'all say sigh...
and of those people who say its not so great, how many would give it up for a US type system????   Answer NONE!
8/13/13: Heart attack. 2 wks ICU (induced coma) + 1 week. 

9/01/13: Bypass surgery. 1 wk in hospital.

Cost: $432,000.00.

I was uninsured.
Holy shit.
Why to they keep saying it's "free?"  Of course it's not.  They pay much higher taxes than we do, and their care is rationed.
Can confirm, no rationing here buddy, they ain't finished until you're well again
Bull. They set health budgets and then ration care to meet those budgets. That's where the waiting periods come from for many procedures.
Granted there are waiting times for non life threatening procedures. So you suggest we ration like the US? By not treating the uninsured?
Friend w/ no ins was hit & run by truck- has major TBI-hosp kicked him out in 48 hrs & he unable to return to wrk He's now homeless & scared
He eventually qualified for MediCaid, but he's having trouble navigating that system since his brain isn't right-Needs inpatient brain rehab
It's true. The US is ass backward when it comes to healthcare and it's a myth that our health care is the best.
Oh yes that's why people literally leave their country to come here for medical care
Hillary still believes this kind of health care is a pony. I believe that's how most millionaires think.
Senator, can you ask ppl to share what is like living in Venezuela and Cuba which you supported? It would be educational. Thank you
I wonder how long it would take to make an appointment with a doctor hmm 
I have what may well be a bleeding ulcer. I need a scope to see what's going on. Took a month to see a specialist, 2 more to get procedure.
And that is in the US. My response: "Gee, it's a good thing we don't have universal healthcare, or I might have to wait."
Bernie Sanders your on tweeter more then trump but a socialism dicktaorship!
I like their attitude about Universal Health Care. However, instead of raving reviews, I'd like to see a written proposal of its guidelines.
That's why everybody wants to come here
Believe me, no one from the developed world wants to live in that shithole.
That's why Europe is so bankrupted?I live in Miami full of Europeans. thats why the dollar is more valuable than the Euro?
Bankrupt? And the dollar has always been stronger than the euro.
Exactly my point
Because you have only publicized the positive reactions. Be honest.
A national health service was on Truman's legislative agenda.  Rs and Ds rejected it.  Long overdue.
