Medicare that pays only 80% of total bill and 0% on many services is not the answer. Out of pocket expenses can be astronomical.
Out of pocket expenses for Canadians is more than 30% of medically necessary care and services. Go with the Netherlands model not Canadian
They pay for your dental care, vision care and glasses, and all your meds? And access to psychologists for mental health counselling?
Most provinces don't have that and those in low income and seniors suffer. Biggest problem is longest waits in developed world
We need affordable healthcare for all. The proposed plans favor Insurance Companies more than people and are not affordable for most people
Have a look at Belgium and the Netherlands for a model. Way better than Canada. Ours is amongst the worst in the developed world
Single payer is not synonymous with universal access. See: Germany, Switzerland l, Singapore
If single payer wait list is 12mos, but 2tier could reduce private wait to 4mos & public to 8mos, would you oppose it for not being "equal"?
Where do you get the 12 month list? The American system sucks.
Hypothetical. But 12 months the norm for any ortho. 2 *years* for neurology. List of examples is as long as the wait itself!  no prize.
I can see ortho, but. Given clinics are already privately run, how would privately funded healthcare create new efficiencies?
The question posed is philosophical, not getting into specifics.

Nevertheless, here is an example 
I realize it was philosophical, but the issue is it's not possible, then access based on need only makes more sense
It is possible. More than possible. MRI access in Saskatchewan has improved for public w/ introduction of private pay option.
Too bad we do such a lousy job if it in Canada. Longest waits In developed world. <70% of medically required services covered
I live in Canada and have not been impressed with our so-called healthcare system. One waits for months & months for medical care.
No, I have told the truth. I do not appreciate liars. So you are blocked.
And all real world evidence including PH indicators and wait times suggests single payer is not the way to do universal health. A = EUROPE
Beyond political rhetoric.. where does this work? Taxpayers get much higher taxes, doctors make a lot less, and citizens get reduced care.
Absolutely untrue. The fed tax rate in Canada is only marginally higher than usa. 35 vs 33% AND we dont pay health ins premiums on top.
Better explain what industry or if the government will absorb those working for the insurance industry as it is. Obama protected their jobs.
No I don't. It's simple. We evolve as a nation, phase it out, they can still offer other insurance and plans. Industry changes all the time.
I'm on your side.Therefore I think it is important to counter the opposition.It is said Obama worried for Industry jobs & explains ACA flaws
It's a tough question. The only real answer is that the people must value things that improve healthcare. The industry will need to change.
One made the point as compared 2 Transformational effects of the automobile.As I want it to fly I want to cover all objections with dynanism
such an eloquent spokesperson for fairness and equity. A credit to medicine and Canada!
Canada's system not much better then US in every health ranking.Consider better options. #mixed#public#private#Euro
Not true, check your stats
Very true! Only the facts.
Never seen any ranking putting Canadian health care system high on the list. #waitlist,#bloatedAdminstration,#inefficient
We should send Dr. Martin to visit @RealDonaldTrump. Perhaps she could convince @POTUS that #MedicareforAll is a blessing not a curse.
I hope you're not promoting Canadas second worst rated system over US' last place finish. Best systems globally are 2-tier. #Healthcare
This is the problem w her and thr group docs for Medicare: they are committed more to single payer than universal care. Europe holds answers
Say NO to authoritarian healthcare!
Funny but the 25K Nova Scotians waiting for a PCP would say you are wrong.
It's a good thing you look fine in that dress because you are not very bright . I like 3 sugars and a little cream please.
A country's strength is measured by how they treat those in need - be strong, USA, as we Canadians know you can be.
honestly ma'am do u think we believe you?
LOL ok
Single payer is about voting for people who will steal what you didn't earn from those who did. Legalized enslavement and mugging. #uspoli
Don't understand why the richest country politicians can't come with a health care plan like other country all they give is excuses

Commodities and other people's time, talent and services are not a HUMAN RIGHT. Saying this means you believe in Slavery.
UHC is exactly what every American needs period.   DD  I am glad you spoke up.Cannot put a price to ones health.
Do you have a link to the bill itself? I'm asking everyone. Doesn't seem like anyone in #Congress has actually read #medicareforall
Great idea as long as we raise taxes on everyone to pay for these giveaway programs, most Democrats are dumb shits.
$10T debt in 8 years is not enough .....
You ruined the insurance business not enough Now let's screw up Remaining medical system too ?????
this is a walk on crazy lane I have Canadian health care.Too many reasons to list why it's BAD
ONE MORE CARZY
We have it already is is called Obamacare remember?
Such a proud moment today for Canadians to have Danielle Martin raising the flag and the health card - both symbols of hope and compassion

You do not understand economics. It's all relative. Their purchasing power is low. Costs of goods is much higher. 1/2
2/2 their tax rate is one of the highest in the world. 21/hr is good until you realize cost of living is MUCH higher than in the US
You are wrong 
We Will pay the tax asking all in Germany Norway Sweden they will pay that tax
I pay 38% in tax with pleasure
and lot return
I don't want to pay for it.
Look to Canada as a template.
Look to Netherlands as a template. Canada has longest waits in developed world and <70% coverage of medically necessary care and services
cont. 2...they wouldn't have to wait for treatment like so many Canadians?  I doubt it.  That's not equal access is it.
You have no rights to the labor of others. Government healthcare and welfare makes people slaves to the government.
Congrats!! Excellent speech
You are my hero. You are so smart and humane.
No it isn't. Its about socializing the country and making us just another country. We are America. We are not Canada or Australia.
no, it is not a right. 
and God help us if you "geniuses" we have elected do something that stupid.
#WeThePeople #stopspending #failedmath
Canada's public health care system is our number one wonder of our built environment Canada cares
Bullsh*t!
Medicare for all!!!! Except Ted Cruz.... fuck that guy!
Well done ; you do Canadians proud
This is a gimmick and you all know it. Please, spend your time working on legislation you can actually pass.
This rally is just how sick Dems are of this back peddling. GOP claims to care but they seem to care more about what big pharma profits are.
This plan won't pass the Senate, but it's a bold step... And I think we need some boldness right now....
Thank you! You were fabulous
 what's the tax gonna be
