This countries are socialist and smaller. What is with you Dems wanting the US to be a socialist country?
No they aren't Socialist. They have some nationalized services (healthcare, utilities, transit) but they are Capitalist economies.
They don't have 330 million citizens plus 11 million illegals. Healthcare was fine before the government got its grubby fingers into it.
So you're cool if we get rid of Medicare entirely then. Check!
Medicare was in place prior to Obama's foray into healthcare. Nice try. Are you going to tell me I'm wrong?
Did you know Medicare is run by the government?
Yes. It was prior to the A.C.A. too. Universal healthcare is a whole different animal.
Well that's compelling!   Let's do something because everybody else is doing it!  Forget whether such a thing is even workable in the US!
Beyond political rhetoric.. where does this work? Taxpayers get much higher taxes, doctors make a lot less, and citizens get reduced care.
Hoe much do you pay between premiums and deducible?
Any thoughts on why most Mass. Reps will not co-sponsor House bill? It's staggering that they won't.
We're wrong because we don't do what others do?
No. We as Americans will no longer "lead from behind" the ones calling for universal healthcare still haven't figured out we've a new POTUS.
No the US is right, universal healthcare is far too expensive . See the NHS in the UK. Demand always exceeds supply when it is FREE
The opposite actually.
Private US healthcare costs far more per citizen than socialised NHS healthcare
Yes, but thats not the point. Free healthcare is impossible, patients must pay a bit, 10 euro to see a GP. I see time wasters every day.
Clearly its not impossible.
Cost/person US
$10000 (funded via private ins.)

Cost/person UK
$3500 (funded thru taxes)
So would you prefer to see NHS patients contribute towards their care?
Hi Ruth, have to turn on my polite head when talking to you. Yes I would , a small amount to a GP, maybe a fiver.
NI contributions not enough? Thank you for polite
They pay for it with far higher taxes. Example: UK gasoline is 2x US price due to tax, despite UK being a net exporter until recently.
Who do you plan to have pay for it Ed?  You and the rest of the wealthy liberal elites?
And their citizens that can afford it, come to the US for faster& better care. Because those countries standards have fallen.
You are now on my vote against list, along with Lizzy Big Mouth Little Big Lie.
Medicare decides what medicine you may have. Who wants that?
That's why all these people want to come to America even if they have to sneak in . Cause we are a free and fair country .
+1
Will Americans be willing to pay UK/European levels of sales and income tax? Gasoline prices?
#medicareForAll - many Canadian and British citizens flee to America to get medical care, cause waiting times are huge-u get what u pay 4
Medicare rules prevent good medical treatment. Doctors get 15 minutes per patient. Who wants that?
We don't want medicare for all.  No one on medicare likes it. Doctors don't like it and refuse new medicare patients.
If we can't permanently end illegal immigration and reduce overall immigration, than tax paid healthcare will bankrupt the country
WHERE ARE PELOSI AND SCHUMER ON THIS?? YOU BETTER CHECK
Other countries have VOTER ID-----Why don't we have it  if we need single payer like they have?
Name one who is still wealthy
Gee, Ed, all those other country's citizens come to USA for high-end procedures ! Maybe there is something to competition in healthcare ? !
Ask me about London's NHS experience
Congress shouldn't have the 'right' to a 'special' insurance while every other American suffers! #hypocrisy
Don't tell twitter, tell patty Murray

#singlepayershame
Canada with 40% taxes and lousy health system. have to wait in line for any treatment.
The countries don't provide it, Senator.  The taxpayers do.  What limitations do you see in a single payer system?  What will we give up?
Think of a better idea.
Why can't @NancyPelosi get behind #MedicareForAll? WTF?
Unfortunately, 45 has to be able to take the credit.
That's why the other countries are going into the tank!!
True single payer recap: taxes go up a little, your health care contribution goes away, paycheck nets higher, no copays, USA 100% covered
We don't care about other countries. Who's paying for it?
@SenSanders YES we provide it but it is far from sufficient. In so many ways.
Ignorant Alert!!!
Other countries protect their border and have strict immigration policies, except the US. Thats just wrong.
Can you send us a link to the bill, Senator? Have you actually read it? Or are you supporting it sight-unseen? #medicareforall
Not is not, their not the United States of America 
#politicalembarassmentfrommassachusetts
It's also wrong for the federal government to manage healthcare as demonstrated with the VA Health Adm.
Thanks, Ed, been waiting for you.
And their care is far worse than in the US. Have you ever asked anyone in these countries how terrible their care is? You should.
Its not free either..that's the point..its just that your government is your care provider and collects you insurance payments, Not a thief.
It's wrong to deny healthcare to anyone, period.
We are not wealthy! We're $20 trillion in the hole!!!!! http://www.usdebtclock.org 
None of those countries are 20 trillion in debt, which you helped create.
Really we want to trust y'all with more of our money? Obama care killed the middle class and was meant to fail! You are a Lair!
We are not wealthy. We are 20T in debt. Please stop spending and taxing. Ask for entitlements when there is a surplus.
