Sorry Bernie, you can't have our money we will know best how to invest our dollars.  Time to stop fleecing the American tax payer.
When the rich is taxed they have to chose between giving the money to Govnt or paying better wages and invest.  See Kennedy, Clinton, Obama
Tax is taking money from those who earned it and give it to the government to spend as they see fit  #keepyomoney
And every single democracy has required it's citizens to pay taxes. A democracy cannot survive without them.
Agreed but that does not mean you take more than needed or spend as if it never runs out.  Tax less, spend less, stop waste
Let's start with an overinflated military budget & Trump reimbersing the Secret Service for money paid to him while providing him security.
We do not need to increase the military budget by 70B a year, & Trump does not need to take weekly golf outings.
Unlike Obama when Trump golfs he works.  How do you know what our military needs? Get rid of waste yes.  Spend what is needed for safety
Wealthy is not a sin but envy and coveting are.  Why are you so envious of the rich and why do you covet everything they have?
I believe you keep what you earn, save, or invest.  Simple. I believe everyone aspires to have more wealth to care for themselves and family
Why redistribute wealth? That is socialism leading to communism.  Do kids in school redistribute there good grades to those who are slower?
That's an inadequate comparison.
Not really.  Whenever you take from one to give to another it is not fair and fosters more discontent.
If you think it's bad then it must be the best tax package ever devised to help the middle class.
Yea....... Socialism is just sooooo beneficial for the lower and middle class.
Then move to one and leave this one alone. I'm sick of Americans tiring to tell me it's great in Europe, I was there it's not that great.
First of all it's Congress's plan. Secondly, we need tax reform that will stimulate the economy unlike the Democrats who want more taxes.
Thirdly, has your idea of taxing the rich helped our economy any? If the Democrats are so good at taxes, why are we $20 trillion in debt?
If your socialistic way of thinking is so great, then why have so many businesses left the country taking many jobs with them?
If you lower restrictions and taxes, businesses will thrive more creating even more jobs, and people will spend more.
When are you going to get it through your thick skull that socialistic Government programs and taxes kills a capitalistic economy.
If people had any common sense at all they wouldn't even listen to your nonsense, Bernie. Why don't you go home.
You Liberals & Democrats have done enough damage to this country, and Trump & Republicans are trying to fix your mess.
#DNCFraudLawsuit  Democracy is impossible without fair and unbiased Primaries.  #SpeakUpBernie
Tax cuts for small businesses will allow them to have extra $, which leads to more jobs, an a better economy. This isn't so hard to get.
What are you talking about ? How are tax cuts for middle class, small businesses and big businesses a bad thing? Please explain ...
Twitter folks, hope U all listen 2 the right way of living Bernie Sanders, one of the most  honest  compassionate  beings we have n Congress
We need a slogan to fire up the people. What about #PayTheirFareShare ?
Bernie Sanders socialist propaganda .
Bernie, stop trying to screw up my tax cuts!!! They are for us sinking middle class two job holders!! My income-tax rate is 46%  It's unfair
What is your tax rate?
Bernie you’re a disaster
Bernie is fighting for the middle and lower class
Hope you're running in 2020 Bernie we need you to fix the mess that trump is creating. #Sanders2020
Why wait? Buy a ticket to Cuba or Venezuela and live the life of your dreams, Amigo!
Your comment exhibits complete lack of comprehension btwn a totalitarian government & a democracy. Why didn't you mention European counties?
On a serious note, America is America becuz we don't emulate Europeans.The only thing they excel at is taking vacation and making chocolate.
Merica excels at the following: obesity, fast food chains, imprisoning people, and military spending. The USA is good at being bad.
Whew, I'm relieved. I thought u might be able to articulate an actual policy position or something.
You Democrat's will whine about anything Trump tries to implement. He ran on this and was elected for it. You had your chance did nothing
#SenSanders! The 90% of Americans want tax breaks for us not the Rich 1% ! Americans also want health care that works! Not higher cost!
Why do you have a problem with Americans keeping more of their money? And why doesn't Congress use Obamacare if it's so awesome? Hypocrites
Your senator your part of Congress what's your plan? What's the matter Demos have no solutions as usual
That's Exactly the TAX REFORM AMERICA NEEDS The 1% Like Trump Must Pay their Fair-share of TAXES NO TAX CUTS for the 1% They Must Pay MORE
Bernie remains the absolute spinner of tall tales and yarns.
Worse than pocohantas in his emblazonment of republicans.
So many conservatives just blindly defending every action Trump makes. As if our president gives a shit about the middle and lower class.
Tax reform is 'not good for me, believe me,' Donald Trump said.
Go Bernie!!!
https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/kiro-seattle/dave-ross-commentary/e/51646063 …
#DamnedFacts #EnoughIsEnough #NotMeUs #ItsInOurHands
stick to the numbers- Berner
You said it. WE must scratch all Trump ideas #ScratchTrump!
Bernie,sorry I didn't vote for you, I thought your ideas were unrealistic and you looked like the professor from back the future movie,sorry
Everything about #Trump is a disaster
Listen and learn I don't care if you don't like Sanders, this explains trumps tax plan I'm aleady poor and trump wants the shirt off my back
By reducing your taxes? Giving middle income more deductions?
It's going to raise mine I'm in the lowest bracket already ! I don't qualify for ANY deductions. Yea NO HELP. HOMELESS MAYBE?
Thanks Bernie!
Because you don't understand basic economics?

Bernie,YOU are an absolute http://disaster.You  want government to run everything with no plan to pay for it.I want to keep my money
Correction, Trump is an absolute disaster and sadly we know why.
Another attempt at Trickle Down Economics which failed under Reagan.
Actually, if you look at when Reagan was President you'll see an incredibly prosperous economy.
Tax cuts do  not increase employment
Agreed. They also do not increase debt.
You mean they increase debt, right?
Touché. Perhaps I don’t get the science behind it. Of course tax cuts = less money towards existing debt, but increase debt?
Deficits keep borrowing.
Clinton had surpluses;  debt was going to be paid in full by by 2012; then came Bush, gave surplus+more to the rich
Your pathetic,  all you want to do is tax , tax, tax us !!!!'
God help us. I'm on Ssi and need my Medicaid for the many medications I'm on. I knew trump would try to make the rich richer. How sickening.
Examples of #socialist economies: Greece, Detroit, Puerto Rico, Venezuela, former USSR, California, & USA hating BO's $20trillion debt USA
Dont lie Bernie its double the standard deduction. Inquiry Into Bernie Sanders’s Wife May Tarnish His Liberal Luster

It does NOT give tax breaks to the wealthiest. The wealthiest, like you, already have teams of tax attorneys. It helps middle class.
Bernie the problem with socialism is you have to take my hard earned money by force, and give it to those who did not earn it.
You have 4 homes Bernie .....you're a Marxist preaching hypocrite.
You say that about everything.
I love you.  You are my president!  Thank you for continuing to stand when the entire country seems to be heading for disaster.
Move
OK. U guide me. What organizations do I need to call? How much will this cost? Can U suggest where I may be accepted? I would love to move.
I'm afraid this might pass. With healthcare we at least had moderate republicans on our side. John Mcain supports this...
...This is just the Republican party in all factions tax breaks to the rich while the poor are left behind to suffer.
Have you reviewed the tax cuts? They are a win for all 's. Not rich > poor bullshit
Have you? How do you know this is true? Trump's lied about America being the highest  taxed country in the world, & statistics prove it.
If I don't take home more in my check every week then I don't want to hear about it.they need 2 lower income tax for middle class
Hey @realDonaldTrump @stevenmnuchin1 #Bernies got your number. Tax cuts for the rich harm the economy; they depress economic growth.
Makes me sick.  There is no help and no hope for lower income households unless someone considers making the ultra wealthy do their part.
If Bernie thinks it's bad, it's gotta be the best thing ever!
Christie and our #njdemocrats repealed the estate tax in #NJ and raised the gas tax to place the burden on the most vulnerable...
He's a liar, I have done the math, there is money missing at the end of his tax reform, which probably will line his pockets
Wow you really like to manipulate numbers to favor your view but not the truth. So sad
I'd trust this nerd with numbers graphs over a dictator attacking liberties like it's his birth right
You are a socialist.
' Sorry Bernie, Anybody like you who use words like, The Rich, are Marxist Dividers! We're Americans period. 3/4 of plan is good.
' Stop with the superlatives! Utter Catastrophe can be avoided. Once a Marxist, always a Marx.......Thanks for Exaggerating..calling you out
Agreed that we have to fight back - when can the citizens stop playing defense and get on the offense of moving our country forward?
Thank you so much for always educating us on the real issues when  republicans try to deceive  so many citizens!!  I admire your hard work!
Who are you going to blame in a couple of months when people get thrown off Obamacare?
You're the disaster! Old curmudgeon!
You're a disaster
Maybe if you and wife stop making fraudulent multi million dollar loans, we could pay less taxes and have more 4 our children.
Want to talk issues? #BernieSanders does. #inners #amJoy #maddow #lastword @amjoyshow
tRUMP is a disaster and a total failure.
Trump and all associated with him are ...well...
Trumps plan is in line with jfk. But he was an actual democrat and Bernie is a socialist marxist
Weren't you the same liar that said Hillary was not qualified to be president then turn around and supported her candidacy? Liars gonna lie.
Or it would be forced to  run the national debt up to dangerous levels, likely driving up borrowing rates for consumers and businesses.
Right on
Tax cuts for corporations and the rich. Republicans will then justify defunding Medicare and Medicaid due to the deficit THEY created
Your so one minded you lose often because the Tax proposal is above your selfish political wants many can see your agenda easily.
Senator Sanders Thank for explaining these tax proposals.  Most Americans believe that crook in the White House. I'm here to support you.
No matter how you vote, if you are not a millionaire this tax cut will cost you .  #taxtherich
That's true. We are all really screwed. Why would that be?  Do you think?
Light the way #BernieSanders .
President of my heart
HOPE YOU HAVE A GOOD MENTAL HEALTH PLAN, YOU NEED IT!!!
Bernie is the only leader left
Make America Great Again, and tickle down economics were @ronaldreagan40 FAILED policies. @realDonaldTrump didn't read the history lesson
That's because @realDonaldTrump doesn't read.
Very few of us can become a politician. Yet if you don't cheat the worker and taxpayers many paths open up. Kleptocrats are Kleptocrats
"Because we deserve your money more than you do."- Bernie, probably
Yes! We will go forward with you Bernie!
Bernie Sanders! You're an idiot, and a con artist! Leave Trumps, tax plan alone! It's better than any of you social experiments!
Thanks for staying honest and fighting to help us all... #feelthebern
honest? He & his wife are under investigation for bank fraud.
"When The Rich Think Of The Poor They Have Poor Ideas". - Evita
Funny because @realDonaldTrump is the #President not you Bernie. He’s successful your a old wannabe with nothing to offer but hate
As a Social Security recipient, I find it interesting to note that my COLA increases have been dwindling mainly under a Democrat-controled
government.  In fact, the last two years of former President Obama's term saw my bills increase by a large margin, but no COLA because gas
prices didn't go up, therefore by the Democrats' logic my rent didn't go up, my electricity and other utilities didn't go up... despite the
fact that yes they did go up and it's everything I can do to keep myself in this el-cheapo apartment I'm in.  Funny how you blame the GOP.
Equally interesting to note how the last time my SSDI increased by a large enough margin was when George W. Bush was the President.
Yet somehow it's the Republicans who don't care and it's the Democrats who do.  *smh*
Crazy Bernie! You are a disaster and sell out! Your stupid thinking and ideas are why people abandoned you! You are irrelevant!!!
ppl would take u seriously if u didnt sell out to the person u called unfit to president, one who knowingly cheated during debates vs u
Estate tax for 'wealthy' causes middle class to shrink? How exactly? Again, generalities. I make 96K, will my pay shrink b/c of estate tax?
Because it doesn't put you in charge of wealth re-distribution? It doesn't make a bit more equal among "equals"? Closes your fav loopholes?
Bernie I need some . U can wire it to my account since u wanna give it away. Stop twisting lies to make em look good to ppl
Bernie you harm your political goals. Don't believe voters check out the facts not Bernie propagandist. There good in deceitful talk.
Just shut up already.
sorry, but we the people dont like ur obscene socialist spending agenda. that is why trump is pres. yes to tax reform, jobs, economy, infrastructures, less taxes, less govt, no to mandates, no to socialism.
Bernie, why the hell don't you go to Venezuela with your beloved Commies??
Woah! Thanks for bringing this to my attention, dude!
Drop dem bars B
Remember folks Bernie is a self proclaimed socialist. He wants a socialist country. He hate capitalism. There goes your freedoms
What was a disaster was the last eight years under President Obama!
Says the Russian bot with 1 follower
Sanders is a DISASTER
oh no. Do some people get to keep more of what they earn? Your followers must rise up and steal from the productive!
Our country would be run like the college your wife run into the ground. Paid your daughter 100,000 for teaching a woodworking class.
No tax cut Bill until potus shows tax returns so that the American public knows who the tax cuts are ACTUALLY FOR.
And this is how we have been living in the Uk
He's NEVER going to stop. We all know that the crazy old fool advocates taking everything from the haves... to GIVE to the have-nots. 
The Democrats, at least, are slowly becoming more receptive to your sensible ideas. Thank you for your perseverance. Tisa from Rutland.
@realDonaldTrump you need to listen to this and start doing something relevant in the White House.
This tax bill is horrendous horrible. Part of this bill was read on TV. There no brake for my income.
Look at it this way there would be less money flowing into a supposed white supremacist, nazi, Russian, government.
Fuck Bernie Sanders!
You sir, are an absolute disaster who hates America. Just leave Commie!!

John Locke: A government is like everything else: to preserve it we must love it.
If they REALLY wanted to help the middle class, they would cut payroll taxes instead of federal income taxes, which are at an all time low for middle income.
America has a 20+ Trillion $ deficit!
Lowering taxes is destructive & will cut Medical Care.
Do it on your own CCs and go bankrupt. Dumb cut
Lol the irony
even if true, why should they pay more when 45% of household don't pay any federal taxes at all?
Liar liar pants on fire! If your going to spread such lies then you really should back them up! How's the fraud case?

Hey Bernie,  how much do YOU pay in taxes??
One wonders if there is anything Sanders, Mr sour, will not grandstand some tirade about.
Bernie you are a gift to America.
Crazy old man. lolololo
Bernies controlled opposition ass stayed silent and his own supporters had to sue the DNC, then have the case thrown out& hes still silent.
Tories have been doing the same in U.K. We now have the poor even poorer, the rich even richer! Unite together working classes of USA
As if he cares. It’s all about him.
All politicians agree: Small businesses are the backbone of the country. That's because we carry the load that the rich dodge.
Can't wait to watch you in the new season of "Curb Your Enthusiasm"!
Which one of your 3 houses are you tweeting from?
Bern. Your creds are a quart low. You just can’t say anything nice about the President. Your bullshits getting old.
They benefit the people who earn money
He’s a disaster. Always was. Always will be. It sucks.
a disaster is an understatement. He's a genuine FU.
Listen to Bernie, America!
SO according to YOU, all the wealth redistribution that we've had so far was because of the OBAMA Administration's policies...  #MAGA
Bernie knows.
Any comment talking about socialism is basically a paid for bot; its total bull and everyone knows it.  @SenSanders
Trump as a president is himself a disaster, to the world, to the Aerica nd to the hapless Americans.
Hey Bernie.  How about paying some taxes yourself before pillaging the rest of our checks.
So you're in the .1%? Bernie said the tax code needs to be fixed, but this is not it
No I am a business owner that's tired of paying 35% Corp fed tax every year. Cannot grow my business. Nobody can at that rate.
That is what needs to be fixed. That's not an estate tax. That's the tax the are trying to eliminate.
Why should someone have to give the wealth they earned away just because they die I am for the higher income people playing more but come on
Of course the socialist hates a fair tax plan.  How else can he live better than the peasants
Stop resisting  The man I elected to run this country2020 you can do whatever you want if the people elect you
BERNIE2020. THANK YOU
#NeverBerniePresident
PUTTING IT MILDLY.
No your a disaster. I think a nursing home is missing two of its most dangerous clients. #Sanders and Mcain
So, it is a disaster because it cuts your loot.....uh I mean revenue? ;)
I earn $100, I then have to give $40 of that $100 to the govt and those choosing not to earn $100 of their own? Taxation is theft.
This video scares the hell out of the Waltons and Kochs. Their biggest fear that this "socialism" catches on to others.
Please watch this !!
So the question before us. Does trickle down economics work?   If not then we had better not let this tax cutting go forward.   That aside - what do we get from our taxes?  What do we want to do without?   I'd like to cut the military budget and strengthen social security.
Bernie, you have no credibility. Your own party cheated you and you took it like someone who could be bought off. No fight no presidency
Can't wait for the CBO report on this one
these guys don't write the laws themselves anyways it's ALAC or one of the other lobbying outfits.
#HillarysBitch
Get em Bernie!
@RachelTheRoach
my man always doing TheMost ™ I love him
Fear monger
Amen, although it's not that it's their "fair share" of taxes, it's that they shouldn't BE making extreme amounts of money to begin with.
WikiLEAKS - Podesta Email
Bernie Campaign WAS A FRAUD
Funded by Soros Clinton
To GIVE CLINTON AN ADVANTAGE
Response...?
I love when a socialist explains how everyone else is wrong!
What a surprise you don’t like something mr trump did
This is how they make their money. Remember they live on our taxes. They lie and deceive. Check it out the same story every time

We need the rest of our representatives to not allow for the push of reducing corporate taxes. Trickle down economics do not work.
It's a frame work. Gee now you have to go to work. What a shame.
Working Americans want a tax cut. What's your plan Mr Sanders?
I find it interesting that you didn't join committee to work on the tax plan, and dont have a copy yet, but can make this kind of assessment
Fr the same 30 yr DC politician who gave us Obamacare & has done little to nothing to solve anything
PLEASE MAKE THIS A COMMERCIAL
Who cares about tax reform when the chinks in North Korea are wanted to burn us in a nuclear fire????
how's the mrs doing with the grabd jury?
It has fourth tax bracket. Corporate tax rates at 20% stimulates growth espically in wages which have been flat. You're an agenda mouthpiece
If a politician has a plan for healthcare go the other way. Have they ever had a decent plan?
You are self centered.  Is there nothing this President can do to appease the fact you lost,  the Dems lost and the Rep won the WH?
AMEN... GOD BLESSED US WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP.
Because it doesn't help your worthless supporters or illegals.  It helps working families.
Bernie,one of the few moral politicians..
Bernie is a liar and a lifelong parasite
Why anybody would listen to you is beyond me.
Hey Dummies! Lets talk abt FOOTBALL not abt #Trump pro-rich #TaxRefom plan Ull pay 4! #USA #MAGA #NFL #BLM #brainwashed #TPOT #TCOT #TIOT
You are so full of it socialists isolate the country into their little government controlled world where people like you prosper. Dictator
It's just another "I'll smile and screw you plan" that old Ronald Reagan started way back then !
The rich are the only ones who will benefit.  
