It's appalling that the "greatest country on earth" does not have universal health care. #ProudToBeCanadian
Proud to be Australian and witness America by living here, to see why I am proud to be Australia. America needs universal healthcare
Health care was fine until the government got involved.
Did you like being responsible for other's ER visits? It needed some kind of change.  People went to ER due to no ins and medical incr. All
Laurie you are a typical trumper nothing to say in defense of so called loving Americans. Lets see the attitude change
I am not a Trumpet! I voted for Bernie. But I don't need to explain myself to you. Don't ever put me in that category again! I support ACA
It sounded derogatory when you said do you like paying for others ER visits
Wasn't derogatory. That was in support of universal because ins. rates go up to cover those who don't buy their own insurance.
Sad to see my neighbors the USA slowly becoming a communist country.. 
Do you know what communism is?
Many variables involved in answering this question.. But what's clear is that Putin makes up the rules. As trump is trying to do.
The people in power try to make rules/law. Obama did the same, bush before him, clinton before that. Whats one communist policy trump backs?
Fact check before opening your mouth...
...yea i really dont see anything close to communism. Seems like the exact opposite. I didnt fact check, i dictionary checked.
And the dictionary is not a source of facts like that...
You are clearly not a source for facts either.. gop isnt advocating class warfare or public ownership of everything.
The only way for everyone to have the very best health care is to have the very best economic system (ie. genuine moneyless socialism).
How would that make health care better?  I fail to see the relation.  It seems like that would only impede innovation.
Innovation derived from a desire to live in a better, safer, happier society surpasses innovation derived from a desire to selfishly profit.
When the Gov owns & controls everything, there is No Incentive to be productive at cuz there is no reward!
Soldiers? Socialism is not sustainable.  Stealing labor from workers only makes gov officials rich, nobody else
Capitalism is self regulating. The market determines prices & wages by supply & demand. Business grow jobs/taxes
and when did any legislation you wrote ever get passed in 35 years? 1? 2?
Sir, watch something other than Fox.
I actually read sir, especially books and scholarly articles regarding the madness of crowds and how oligarchs control them. app. ur effort
I suggest books from Robert Reich and Thom Hartmann and of course Our Revolution.
Reich, The Intellectual Yet Idiot, I fear academics and bureaucrats much more than Bernie Sanders
I thought you might fear academics...
Yes, no skin in the game charlatans dictating how we should live would scare the wild hog I shot this weekend
Its the the begining of the death of the Trump GOP era which will Keep getting worse for Trump s Team
Really I thought Hillary colluding to steal the democratic nomination from you would be I guess you're just blind
must not have seen Obama's bill
Folks who genuinely admire the Clintons should be put on a watch list
The people who worship evil Trump will have inherited his Tramperica in which no one but the rich will have an affordable healthcare plan.
I am not a trump supporter I'm all for impeachment for war crimes not the phony HRC/DNC/CIA Russia bullshit
Will you shoot people Bernie?
What's your solution, genius?
Well Id love to hear Bernie's or any democrats solution. They never seem to have a solution only criticism of everything else.
There has been plenty suggested. Sorry Fox News doesn't report it.
tell me one that works Im all ears. You all say that yet have none. How do you give everybody healthcare? There is no plan.
Look at what other nations do. Not that hard. Once you see why it's this way, you'll get it.
Please do! #NoTrumpcare #MedicareForAll
If President Roosevelt were living, he wouldn't let this be.
Thank you for supporting us. I've called my Republican Senator Cory Gardner and urged him to ask that the details of the bill be made public
Elected politicians don't vote for your best interests, they vote for whichever lobbyists line their pockets the most.
Go away..  You helped cause this Trump mess..
then make some real positive input instead of bashing it?
AND Now the Senate did WORSE !!!
13 men in secret barred Public,87Senators, ALL WOMEN
HeMan! I have the power! And you do because 13 million++ will say 'how high' if you ask us the jump.
Wow and I thought the ACA was
Ever read your own bills?
He must not have read Obamacare , lol!
Bernie can we bring the US Flag Back to be manufactured in the USA? 94% are made in China. It would make jobs! https://www.gofundme.com/open-a-us-factory-making-us-flags …
You want people to give you money for this?
A business with 20 dollars on a oops. Anything is possible...
Maybe you could start small. Make some flags. Sell them. Save some money. Expand. That's kinda how people do it when they don't inherit $$.
Well yes I know how to grow a business and expand. It would start that way of course.
So do it. Stop asking people for $100,000.  Sew a flag and sell it.
If you are offended by the gesture I am sorry. I don't find anything wrong with a jump start on anything if people believe in it.
When told even one person will lose health insurance, that should be a no go for any bill.
Well then why did obamacare get voted in many lost their healthcare then had to pay far more for less, my wife was one of them
does EVERYTHING include BANK FRAUD?
Ha ha ha. Bernie is under investigation for fraud, can't make this stuff up.  What a hypocrite.
@SenSanders What the #GOP is trying to do to healthcare is not simply an insult to Americans, it's flipping America the bird #Trumpcare
Health care is not a right!  Equal opportunity to earn it unless you are unable to then we should provide for those and only those!
Tell me why this man didn't get the nod
Because hillary and the dnc muscled him out and he didnt stand up and fight. He just tucked tail and bounced. Now he makes videos.
Bernie is a greedy, lazy fraud http://masscentral.com/bernie-sanders-greedy-lying-socialist-1-percenter/ …
You're not a jackajope, youre a different kind of jack...
No, it's not.
These Corporate Fascist enforcement laws, willingly cosigned by #ClintonMafia stan @BarackObama, are
I agree the patriot act is among the worst laws created

How about the 1913 act that created federal reserve that is against constitution
Or how about there is by constitution supposed to be 1 representative for every 40,000 americans

should have 6,000 house of representatives
Yup, both of those are evil too.
The constitution gives power to the treasury to mint our money and no amendments have been created to give that power to the federal reserve
Hopeful you won't be there long. Spend your time in court
Is the process for such a bill not mandated in the constitution?  Is it truly unprecedented or is it (just) the scale and import that are?
What more can you expect when there is the worst President at the helm.@MMFlint
As Christian bishops, we need to condemn this dreadful "healthcare" legislation and defend the fundamental civil rights of all citizens.
But remember when you told our veterans on national TV "People die every day" with regards to vets dying waiting for healthcare?
Thank you for your heart-felt honesty. I hope this sub-human bill never gets passed!
Honestly, I can't stand either Bill, 1 costs us and many others a penalty for not being a to affordit, other will kill millions!
You know a lot about bad things too, don't you Bernie, as there have been lots of them at your hands in your life!  Fact is, it's time to go
Really?????  Are you blind
@WhiteHouse @USCongress_GTA @ussenate Don't FK w/ US Care for ur Rich Tax loopholes
what a lousy representative and a disgrace
lose all your perks first before we talk about free stuff to everyone
can pay for it all so it will be free how this instead give your salaries in congress first and you all go on obamacare and
without telling you all is if you want everything for free you have to give up 50% to 60% of your earnings every year so they
and yet this comes from a man who encourages violence and racism and who wants to give everything away for free and this
Go away and retire already !! U have been a politician tooooooooo long
& the  republicans wonder y they were attacked. It was no surprise  2 me. Watch what  Americans  do if this  MURDEROUS health plan passes 
Bernie you can't do this alone. I hope others will see the light. I voted for you because I believe you were for the people not the wealthy
Will you give us the same health insurance plan that you have. Come on Bernie, all talk no show.
But you don't k ow what's in it. That's what you keep saying so how can you argue this point?
It is just ACA modified, Bernie.Republicans have always said Obama Care was a terrible piece of legislation.If Senate can't support, REPEAL!
Wow Bernie, you didn't read obama care.
Why can't Americans get their heads around a health care, countries all over the world manage it. You are the richest nation on the planet
The lack of inclusion across parties and communities regarding such major issues seems to have taken hold on both sides of the Atlantic.
I'm a Canadian who has given up talking to Americans about healthcare. They are hopelessly brainwashed.
RT 
#DraftBernie #DNCFraudLawsuit #Clinton #WTF #BlackLivesMatter   #TrumpRussia #DeepState #TrumpCare #MAGA #PeoplesParty #Iowa  #MINvPOR
The worst piece of legislation I ever saw was #RoevWade 
~oops I forgot that wasn't legislation, that was decided by 7 unelected men #EndRoe
Every American should be clear. This healthcare bill does zero to reform the health care fleecing of US. This bill simple abandons citizens
#Bernie after abandoning all your #Independent supporters; how can #Democrats trust that you will not abandon them too?
This is why they didn't want anyone to see it.They should be ashamed of themselves. How do they sleep at night?They're hurting people!
Huh. I wasn't even aware you knew what important legislation looked like. Weird.
Do something.  All of your feel the Bern people think you're god ... fix this
I  u Bernie
Bernie Sanders prefers ObamaCare where millions are losing health care because of escalating prices and health care losing health companies
Too bad you couldn't have been this critical with the crammed through Obamacare. We wouldn't be in this position right now if you did ur job
Use your @NRA @realDonaldTrump @Koch_Industries @GOP money to start your own frigging Party you Old Coot! Leave us DEMs alone!
I'm not surprised considering who runs the show,and I do mean "show"!
Please do no more BS
The problem is that Americans (or half of them) are inherently selfish.  "I am not my brother's keeper".  Me me me
I thought you didn't get to see it? Lies anyone?
They DIDN'T pass a "health care" plan
They legalized a slow "soft kill" death sentences 4allwho aren't millionaires..or Reptiles
Hint hint
Dementia and Alzheimer's. The Patriot Act, ACA, Controlled Substances Act, etc...it isn't any worse than any of those.
Oh so you didnt read obamacare either. No wonder
Then you have a WEAK mind & should retire! Obamacare DESTROYED the health plans MILLIONS of people EARNED thru hard labor! YOU destroyed it!
how have you seen it when it's behind closed doors with rethugs only....unless....
#PatriotAct is worse, old fart.
Ppl should not have to gofundme, or sell something they care for in order to fund their medical condition. It's a pathetic condition.
Coming from hypocrite socialist swine like Bernie that's high praise! But its TOO socialist 2B much better than Ocare! Bernie's summer pad:
Worse than Obamacare??? I highly doubt it.
There is something much more deeper in this legislation that need a closer look at.
Maybe you should all work together to put together a piece of legislation that works without worrying about who gets the credit.
Lets See What Senate & Conference Committee Comes Up Before Leaping to Unreasonable Conclusions About End Product ESPECIALLY After Obamacare
How to have impact? What makes Americans care their rights are being stolen under their noses?
Oh? I thought that you haven't been allowed to see it yet? Hmmm
Really because I bet you haven't read the monstrous 33K page ACA !!! You are a liar, a coward,and a sellout!
We can have expensive, cruel, inefficient private insurance system, or ELIMINATE the middleman (ins) for SINGLE PAYER!
It's up to the Senate to fight for what is right. I want to be able to have my preventive screenings in 2018.
Give the American people back their HC,Medicare and Social Security dollars so they can purchase their own insurance from a non-profit org!
Why are they passing it, FFS??
I hope you help us normal people, @SenSanders
What a liar...says it is worst piece of legislation, then says has not seen it.
You people delusional; obamacare is not afforadable; being covered does NOT mean ANYTHING; people cant pay the deductibles yourselfs
How ,why did they get away with it
Go away!!!! U are irrelevant.... the worst piece of legislation ever passed is the reason we have to fix it!!!!
Well, if y'all would work WITH Republicans, instead of doing everything you can against them, there might be better bills! Just a thought.
You are one of the worst  things we have ever seen!!!!
Patriot Act?  Or Obama's expansion of the patriot act? Clinton-era repeal of Glass-Steagall? Just a few.  Someone doesn't know history.
Please Mr Sanders you telling us you never looked at at any of Bush r Obamas legislation. Where were you all those years?
Really? Try reading Obamacare bill.
Thank you,  Bernie
The majority of them didn't even read the bill before signing it.  #ShamefulGOP
Thank you @SenSanders for being our voice. Please don't give up!
Is there ANYTHING Democrats can do to prevent this bill from being passed?  By law. can they do this to the American people?
This is no surprise with Mitch McConnell! He's just an under miner & in the REAL world of employment would be fired!!
How do you know if you haven't seen it, oh preacher of Marxist socialism and violence?
Thank you for caring Bernie. MEDICARE FOR ALL!!!
The GOP is bent on repealing all social progress since the end of slavery. 

Stop them.
GOP stole a SC seat. Now, the oligarchs are stealing everything else of value from us. 

Do something.
What kind of government makes laws in secret?
You are playing by the rules. GOP is not.
That means it must be good.
Do something about it, then.
I can't believe people think this rich socialist  has any answers. Bunch of "gimme free" babies
What can we do to stop this nonsense?
Wait, if nobody in the Democratic Caucus has seen it, how do you know it's so horrible? I do agree that it shouldn't be kept secret, though
#FUD #Senile #FAKENEWS
Has anyone done a cost comparison between universal HC & current ACA or ACHA? Cdn HC rocks!
Hitting is economically and individually, with everyone dead no onto work jobs...
This is how #Republicans do business.
STRONG LANGUAGE,CONSIDERING NIXON/RR/BUSH/TRUMP/ETC GOP DEA$9TyrWAR FASCIST SWAMP CRIMINALsCONTROLLED SUBSTANCE,CITZ U,MIN21,AUMF,PAT ACTS,B
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B072WYZDW5 …
Well Berne ,you hated Hillary and you helped elect Trump.He could not have won without http://you.How  do you like him now,you jerk.
BERNIE
keep talking Bernie, you are single handed taking down the @TheDemocrats. You are actually the best thing for the @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
How was your lemonade breakfast Bernie?
What part of breaking Obamacare will cost some people their lives does GOP not understand? Can you serve this country w/ blood in your hands
Boop beep, more of you meatsacks shoud embrace socialism. Abortions, STDs and starving keeps your numbers low.

See demographic winter.
Your the worst piece we've seen in lifetime...
Hey Bernie How did you become a millionaire suddenly after elections Did the DNC pay you to keep your big lib mouth shut?
Bernie you never saw Obamas H care then cause its the worse ever You'll still have the best H care  since we the people pay 4 it
Will we stand for this insult? what happens if we refuse and show up on your doorstep Congress?
I thought u guys haven't seen the bill in so confused.
Let's face facts. Americans are too dumb to woke until they hit rock bottom. Bring on ReThug fascist solutions. When the water, the air gone
Worst politician ive ever seen^^^
take them to Court, shut them down, it is unconstitutional by the Bills of Patients
Looks like we don't need the legislative branch anymore
If you had read the ACA before voting for it, THAT would have been the worst legislation you'd ever seen.  Thanks a lot Bernie!
You can't remember your life
You mean since the ACA
Thank you Dem Estab Bernie Sanders for influencing me to resist & stand up for my Constitutional Conservative Republican Values as American!
I find it so HARD TO BELIEVE THAT YOU ACTUALLU BELIEVE THE SHIT THAT SPEWS FROM YOUR PIEHOLE
This KS the biggest swamp creature I have ever seen Bernie rotten Sanders he hate Christmas
Thank you for fighting this. I can't believe the system allows this to happen. #transparency #ACA
@LadyReverb I need to see another practitioner for one problem, my good dr doesn't get. Medical relegates me to 1 family dr
Amazing statement & I thought that you voted for ACA ! You want to rescind that Tweet ?
Had Ossof been more like this, he might have won.
It must be pretty bad, considering how old you are.
Stop the lying! Thousands of people won't die! You're rhetoric continues to be dangerous!
you didnt even read the obamacare legislation when it passed bern; stop stirring up your children with falsehoods
Your still trying to live off the American people huh... try doing real work for a change and quit crying
Yes Socialcrap. How do you know? Have you studied it? GBA<><
medicare for sll
I would say that Obama care was the worst, we had pass it before we knew what was in it.
Suck it, suck it HARD... lol

On a much BRIGHTER note...it passed!! Enough of your negativity.  Finally choices that don't bleed the wallets of America.
Nothing to say about the GA election? Seems whoever you support loses. Keep up the good work.
And you are one of the worse government officials ever
Sounds a lot like Obamacare. Maybe if you fought this hard against Hillary you would have won. Probably not though
This is how a dictatorship works; your nation's system of democracy - exported around the globe - lends itself to this possibility. Whoops!
Retire Sir
More Democrat loses! Keep running your mouth Bernie, thanks for the Republican help! Keep it up!
How do you know? You keep saying nobody's seen the bill.
Hey Bernie did you here the latest news on #CNN? Russia invaded Georgia last night!!
Worker Drone!
Thank you! Cuts to Medicaid=cuts to prgrms that keep medically fragile kids like mine alive
You are old and senile. Please retire.  You are why we need term limits.  OHHHH  Go Georgia.  0-4.  Who are you backing now?
PPL fail to realize just how high the cost went n deductibles. Ever since ACA was enacted. Democrats destroyed us.
Trump betrayed Veterans. He would sell his family if he made a buck
