What are you even talking about?? Haha. Wow.
White Christian Male alert. You get bonus points for being from Texas too!
Wow judging someone by their skin color, gender, religion, and origin. Pretty much every bigoted bias in the bigot book.
You employ bigotry so why do others get called out? White Male Christian is a demographic segment not an exemption.
Ianimal: Who are u talking to?
Talking to you, Ross.
When did I employ bigotry??
Sorry for the harsh response but when a WMC defensively cries bigotry I have to question if there is any empathy there.
Bernie, owning 3 homes wasn't a pre-existing condition for you either--share your two extra homes with some homeless families!  #FeelTheBern
He's successful, but not spoiled by it, unlike @POTUS
Following 3 w/3 followers, troll. FYI, he's a hypocrite, criticizing the rich (like him), wanting 2 raise taxes, while paying a 13% tax rate
He didn't make the tax rate. You are completely ridiculous. There is no point in cutting taxes for the rich, they hardly pay taxes anyway.
The top 1% of earners pay over 40% of taxes. You are completely ridiculous. Bernie is a hypocrite and you want to defend him??? #FeelTheBern
There is something unDemocratic and unAmerican about charging 1% of the people over 40% of the taxes. Of course, you're a socialist so.....
Pre-existing conditions shouldn't be covered because it will always raise the price of healthcare.
So you'd rather not have coverage? If you were covered by an employer and lost your job, then you'd not be covered for anything preexisting
and you'd be good with that?
Money over everything. Money over humanity. 
Incredible that anyone would actually think that's ok.
Thanks but i prefer a male not speak to my position in life. We will handle that. If you want serve thi issue. Step down give it to a Gal.
Out your money where your voice is.. step down give it to a woman. And dont pout like the elections.
Well fuck, apparently we are
Leftist Technique #143: Say something really stupid that was never true, so you appear sympathetic to the drones.
Thank you
YOU AND THE INDIANS PUT A SOCK IN IT IF GREEN PEOPLE WER OUT THERE  U WOULD SAY THEY WERE DISCRMINATED AGAINST FOR BEING GREEN A CAUSE 4 $
It shows just how screwed up the Democrats are, that they can't even beat a Repub Party this radical.
No one ever said being a woman is a pre-existing condition
It happened all of the time before the ACA. I was denied insurance because I had a pre existing condition- I was pregnant.
Don't get pregnant and expect someone else to pay for it then. 
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Why in the hell do people listen to you??? Do you think the Republican are stupid?? They are not the ones wearing tuties on their heads.
I keep seeing you pop up in replies to Sen. Sander's and have to say... you are totally unintelligible.. what are you trying to get across.?
That I use twitter and I can post any damn where I want and there is nothing you can do about it. "Unintelligible" and all! 
Please, go on with your nonsense. It's a free country, for now.
Correct
You have officially lost you minds!
Really Mr. Sanders,  what do you really know about being a woman. I suspect you think you know a lot. Walk a mile in out shoes.
You ought to read the bill, Bernie.
Going back? Respectfully, we're already there., sir. Just ask Missourian women.
We can never go back there! 
#goingback #beingwomen #PreexistingConditon ? Where is that in the GOP care law?
Bernie please run in 2020 don't let age get in the way
We won't if women & men who love women speak & speak out. I started loving women from my momma 2 my wife 2 my daughters 2 my granddaughters
Thank you! Have noticed very few men advocating for women + Ann shocked considering every one of them came from a Mother's womb.
Are we going to start asking life insurance companies to stop charging more for males after 40 due to higher risk? What's the difference?
That was a joke, but watch the backlash
But please tell one of these bitches to make me a ham sandwich.
Thank you!
Tell that to the people trying to make it so. Its like they r going all out to fuck the common man #USPoliticking #Houseofcards #Healthcare
Give some particulars, how R women marginalized?Don't just Make vague claims.There are LAWS against discrimination. I support women's rights
Keep spewing melodramatic horseshit Bernie, but also don't stop endorsing candidates. Guarantees opponent victory. Your BS is square & tired
Beloved brother, please explain to me how the GOP's answer to Obamacare doesn't result in more people uncovered at risk. Math doesn't add up
Not going to debate broken bill that is.not.&. was.never.sustainable. Ridiculous comments from Blowhard Bernie doesn't fix it. Total rebuild
So there aren't old dudes behind closed doors taking away my daughter's future rights?
U may member I 2 have a daughter,just left my insur. for her own. Earning it like a boss. Fewer excuses more empowered women. Google Georgia
Silly old man, we are going to be better than Obamas Admin. Finally have a Pres. that cares for the people rather than agendas for the devil
I have some penis growth pills for sale. They really work. You should order some. 
@akstanwyck Bernie, you've become a disgrace! We Dems need a protective order against you: stay 50 ft away!!
When was that?
@MarkRuffalo ohhh Bernie the guy that sold out to Hillary quicker than 1 min oatmeal....bernie really ???? I once respected u
Share some of your wealth and shut up bernie,you commie hypocrite
say it louder for the background .... #womenempowerment #WomensRights #womenshealth #womeninlaw #womeninleadership #FuckTrump
@kylerayjordan LOL dafuq is he even talking about?
OMG Bernie, hang it up already!!!
What BS comes out of your tweets really do you even believe yourself
Thank you Senator!!!!!
protect us Bernie#breastcancer#prevent#treat
Naw. Man fighting for peoples lives.
You keep saying it though.
So much aggression in these comments. 
Like most things you say it's obvious senility has set in. Time to hang them up.
Nancy Pelosi
Whoa giada looks beat.  #FoodNetworkStar
TOO LATE
How about a DES Daughter #diethylstilbestrol
Yes we are.
When Bernie felt the Bern. I get it.. it is too hot
???? Confused why you think this.
Are you sure about that, Senator?  Looks to this woman that's exactly where this administration and the GOP are headed. 
With all due respect, we never really left those days, sir. Pay us the same, charge us the same then let's talk.  ˢᵐᵒᵒᶜʰ~ᶫᵒᵛᵉ~ᴹᵃʳᶦᵉ~
Honestly, yes we are...
Poor should also not be a pre-existing condition. After all, many of these multi-millionaires created--and want to keep--people poor.
Huh? Drunk tweet?
The R's are doing their best to take us back to those good ol days
M
Oh brother.  Go away.  U would kno.
We are living in the days of women being pre-existing conditions.
Fuck 'em up Bernie. 
Please keep fighting for all of us!!
Not my concern.
This is ridiculous. We need term limits.
They spend more than double on healthcare in their lifetime on average, it's not sexist...it's economic reality #LiberalLogic
No. We absolutely are not. But you will keep telling people that. Because you are a liar!?!
Let's not make "being a woman means being too lazy to take birth control pills"...
#WEALTHCARE #WEALTHCAREBILL
That only happens in the Middle East idiot. We love our women here
Why are you so against Bernie? He has served in the Senate for a long time, fighting for many important causes others just don't care about.
The man is the perfect teason why there should be term limits. Has become a millionare from the government. Serve a term and leave...
There is nothing wrong with making money; making money illegally, at the expense of the American people, is wrong!Bernie is not one of them.
Looks like we are, guy.
Looks like that exactly where we're going, you know because "purity" voters.
Enough already. The election is over, move on. I'm a Sanders supporter who voted for Hillary and I'm over it and fighting Trump.
Naaaaa Sanders go back to before 1920 where white women did not have the right to vote in the World's oldest Democracy......
Is being a socialist kook a pre-existing condition?
We might if the GOP decides to vote against the interest of half the population...and they probably will.
Grandpaw sanders; leader of the new left, filled with communist idealist and leeches of the state. You will start WW3 with your failed idea
read the bill, it does no such thing
Thank you Bernie! <3
Your right we aren't. But going forward with ACA made being human and getting coverage impossible. Nice going Bernie
We must STOP THIS BILL
Bravo to that
Did the Virgina gunman visit your office prior to his attack on GOP congressman Sen. Sanders?
Totally agree. We want new days where being healthy is considered pre-existing condition. You pay penalty for that. Good going democrats.
That's right @SenSanders ! Give them hell!
Can you do something about this healthcare bill.  Its a disaster and cruel
A) How on Earth did the Democrats manage to fall behind Hillary? B) This man should be POTUS. As @jeremycorbyn should be British PM.
Thank you for being a MAN who SUPPORTS and STANDS UP for women. You truly are an incredible politician!
Unfortunately I'm not sure we're headed in that direction.
Let's not go back to the days of burning coal for heat either.
Only if you're a transgender male, being a woman is a pre-existing condition.
I understand that Trump's government is regressive, but dang.
But it IS. Pre-existing for being sexy. *mrowr*

I wish my wife were on Twitter. She gets my jokes... 
We're already there.
That's absolutely idiotic!! Is that the reasoning n you sold out to @HillaryClinton ?
That is correct maybe these Republican senators need to remember this #girlpower
Being human is a pre-existing condition!  This imo, is why healthcare is a right
Bernie, are your visits to the DC Madam sexist?
TELL US MORE! Haven't heard about this yet.  Link please.
My wife was told by our insurer that she couldn't switch her physician to a closer doctor because she was pregnant. It was pre-existing.
That is about the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. What are you smoking Bernie?
#MedicareForAll
You are right, we aren't. So stop complaining
Propaganda, Bernie!
Bernie, look around at feminists that R following you? 
What R they doing to make America better? 
Rioting,protesting, destroying property?
You lie
@TheAmyCarlson Thank you, Senator Sanders!
I love your stand-up act B.S. Keeps me in stitches.
Women who want to be equal ought to pay for their own BIRTH control & be more responsible. Women make all the choices being pregnant!
So if a woman decides she doesn't want a baby then a man should be able to decide he doesn't either. He should be able 2 deny his sperm!
"The peaceful transition of power is what will separate this country from every other country in the world." President George Washington
I'm afraid we're probably going back further than that at the current pace this country is on. Revocation of voting rights etc...
We are not living in 50 bc or 300 ad that gender seems to be a big deal in anything noh???!!!!
Unfortunately with the Republicans in control how will it be stopped?
Go back and fix Medicare Modernization Act.  Stop drug industry monopoly.  Clamp down on obscene profits for top 100 drugs.  Fix it!
Well said
Congress has 2 take responsibility 4 healthcare crisis.  Gave drug co's a monopoly against Medicare.  More lobbyists in HC industry than any
The @GOP realize the sacred divine feminine has always been in charge. They are shaming their own mothers.
Hot air and catch phrases yet you wonder why you lost the primary. Pitch politics and just say what it is. You are apart of the problem 2
For which you and your misogynistic bros are part to blame. Ever going to admit your part in electing 45? Done with you until you do.
Thank god for you Bernie to speak for us!
We are if #DNC doesn't find some GUTS and stop kissing big Pharmaceutical Ass!
Uh, Senator Sanders, from all indications that is exactly where we are going.
Not if we can help it. 
Absurd remark. Only those without individual thought would believe a comment like that.
BERNIE YOUR A PREXSISTING CONDITION A REAL A DEM. SOCIALIST FACE IT YOUR A COMMUNIST
I hope not, because sadly, right now it looks like we are
Stop posting while drunk
If this administration has anything to do with it, we will. Thanks for resisting.
But a baby is merely inconvenient condition.
Yes is a scientific fact that gender is fluid time to stop the bigotry 
When I was younger and you changed jobs, menopause was a pre-existing condition and any treatment related to that would not be covered.
I beg to differ
Yea I don't see it that way. The only way us women can go back to that is if we let it happen. We are just to strong to let it!
GOP Will@All Costs Try & Screw Millions, 2 Aid "The Lucky 400" U Know Who This Is All Done 4. Them & Screwing Obama's Legacy. GOP No Ideas!
Unfortunately too many useful idiots for Republicans to rely on
Your optimism is charming.
It certainly appears that we are. And in some instances, we already have. Nice sentiment though, Bernie.
God bless you
Bernie is back defending woman woohoo!
Thank You!
Well you-know-who apparently thinks otherwise as do his flunkies.
Sit socialist! Sit!
Did anyone say that was gonna happen?
Fear tactics again. Nothing changes. Why I left the Democrat Party.
Looks like that's where we're headed Bernie 
Right!
Say it again, for the people in the back...
Just when you thought Bernie couldn't get any dumber, wow.
Actually, I think that's exactly what's happening. Any thoughts on how to stop it?
We are if the Mitch has his way! MEDICARE FOR ALL! It just WORKS!
Should i cry or rejoice!!!
Man WAS created first. There's your pre-existing condition!
Now we just need a few of your Republican friends to agree with you.
Go back to where you came from...Moscow!
I'm also hoping disabilities you are born with and didn't ask for won't be reduced to preexisting conditions. #dehumanizing
In the ticker tape of your socialistic mind, somewhere , somehow....this will raise our taxes above your pay grade.
Go to bed Bernie, your drunk
Like today?
What about folks like you that are congenital a**holes? No treatment for that, unfortunately.
We're those during the days you were honeymooning in Russia?
They are trying tho. Love you Bernie
Thanks Bernie for trying to help us! God help us all. I fear we're doomed. All civilizations collapse
While I like this sentiment, point out a time when being a woman HASN'T been a pre-existing condition. Not sure I can spot it.
Looks like we may
This smells too much like pandering.
You just gave the DNC $100,000 of OUR donations to 'reimburse,' the asshats who cheated US, for THEIR "Unity Tour!" Are f-king kidding me!
Being a right-wing-nut is a pre-existing condition (above a certain age). Seriously, huge % of people have genetic markers for illnesses.
no wonder they call u Bernie!  You were probably neutered  when u were a young pup!
And for some women it's not…
You do you continue to spew fear instead of solutions?
Unfortunately, we haven't left them...
Thank you! I am so grateful that you wake up and fight for US every day. Still feeling the burn!
Liberalism can be a pre-existing condition.
yes Bernie, but being a communist is a pre existing condition not covered by the Trump health Bill. Sorry!!
No Bernie, we are not.
God bless you senator for fighting for us 
Except maybe we are
Mr. Sanders you are my hero!!!
Justice is as fair as the size of your wallet.
Thank you!!
Being married is a pre existing condition ...
That would be cray cray
Bernie we already institutionalized religion into law, rolled back women's rights to ~1921 19A, soon minority lynchings & indian massacres?
Unfortunately that's exactly where the US is headed.It's disturbing & demonstrates how evil the ppl r who r running this country.
Afraid we are.   All the members on the committee are men. Perhaps they were born  by an immaculate conception.
That's irrelevant.  As a single gay man, I will NEVER need pregnancy coverage for myself. Let me opt out to keep my premium reasonable.
No, it's not. A woman will  never get prostrate cancer or suffer ED but her premiums help pay for treatment for those.
Unfortunately yes we are. Please keep fighting for us Sen. Sanders.
Thank you Bernie!
