Bernie trying to reason with blockheads that only listen to other blockheads.
Wouldn't the poor benefit more from the estate tax repeal? They would be able to keep what was left to them....empty arguement for headlines
That's easy. To reinvest and start new companies and that should be in writing to get the checks cut

More Democrat lies. Truth: Everybody gets tax breaks, even the rich.
I think their chair should have a electro shock sensor so they can get zapped when they lie. #SuggestionBox
Thank you Senator Sanders!
I would love to get a URL for the edited version of this Sanders/Mulvaney exchange for sharing on Facebook.
What a liar you are. You have three homes and fancy car and never have had a job. You use other peoples money just as all communist do.
Trillion here trillion there as long as the 1% get it all
Why do you need 3 luxury homes?
http://Presidentfailures.com  and http://iimpeachtrump.com  are still available.
dammmmm mic drop!!!
Go get em Bernie!
Because the 1% already pays 80% of all taxes. Because the 1% employs the working families. Because economics.
When George Orwell wrote "1984" he foretold us about radical socialists like this.
False dichotomy
This administration has no clue what they are doing to those less fortunate and very ill! Please keep fighting for ALL Americans!
I heard you, Bernie. He stammered, stalled, squirmed, and smirked. No answer for it, other than the truth. Greed.Power. Payback
Since when do you care about the expense of working families?
GETTUM KING WE NEED YOU AND THANK YOU FOR YOUR VOICE
And the best that poor clown could do was dodge, claim incomprehension, Then stammer & mumble, and finally pee on his shoes.
#WeaselWords
Who knew a #muppet could be so angry and funny at the same time #sanders
Exactly!
thank you Bernie
Simplify!  Lower rate, flat tax.  No tax breaks and everyone pays no exemption.  It's easier and we're better for it.
Bernie, they have an agenda. When they stand in front of God, they will have to answer for their agenda.
When they stand in front of God they will have to answer for their agenda. May he have mercy on their souls.
I must agree that this is one of @SenSanders' finest moments.That is exactly the right question. And the right issue.
Because nobody ever got a job from a poor person
I'm poor, you've worked for me, lol
Nigga please
Lmao!!
I guess you should be happy he didn't body slam you?
greed
Senator trump is giving his billionare buddies he cuts and the heck with the middle class and the poor He is such a liar and cheat
Glass houses Bernie...glass houses....3 actually
We wouldn't be here if Sanders had graciously conceded when he lost by 3.7 MILLION votes instead of creating a crazy anti-democrat cult
We're here BECAUSE he conceded.
Likes Gabbard who is pro child murderer and genocidal Assad = too stupid & evil to talk to. Blocked
Oh look, someone who hates Tulsi for supporting Bernie over Hillary. Waaaaah 

f*ck the regular man, who votes against his own interest; because of ideology. 

I love you Senator Sanders  thank you for always being the voice of reason (and of the people).
CB-Oh-NO!  "24" Is Just a Number Says Current President http://tiny.cc/4oftjy  #cbo #budget2017 #healthcare #trumpcare #paulryan #mulvaney
Dementia puppet
Nut Job http://tiny.cc/debvky  #NutJob #Comey #Trump #Trumprussia #FBI #Russians #Russiagate
thank you!!!
Why did They throw you under the bus? If They had dropped Hilary... man, what a different landscape it would be...
You should be ashamed of yourself using one billionaire family, when this is really about farmers& small businesses leaving to kids not gov.
Sanders for President
Bernie is right.
Bernie is right this Republican budget will guarantee to bring back the death panels God to help us America
Because they are the majority because you are a spoiler.
Mulvany can't answer one simple question.  The avoidance tactics of all politician are disingenuous to the public at best
Bernie I love you. I appreciate all you do.
@Vote_Hillary_16 Someone is holding their feet to the fire.
Bernie Sanders thank you please keep fighting! Medicaid Cut! Disability Cut! Cancer research,Cut!Children's programs cut!Trump gives to rich
Thank you for expressing righteous indignation at this ridiculous budget.  Respect!
@tbbucsbabe I've chalked off Bernie as too old to run. I'm changing my mind. If Elizabeth Warren won't run, I'm for Bernie.
What guarantee do you have that he won't be demented, dying, or dead before the end of his second term at age 887?
Why should people who have done well by working hard and smart pay more than their due share. This creates the #WhyShouldIWorkHarder effect
Sanders is just one of those guys who's going to point out the obvious.
The "T" in Tea Party must stand for "truthiness." @StephenAtHome
Keep the pressure on!
Bernie is on the case. He's putting these sociopaths in their place.
BRAVO!
Go Bernie!!!!
Hmm...why do senators get raises at the expense of working families? Is it so you can buy another house or sports car?
And he replied - they don't need it, they just want it
Damn straight Bernie who would have thought a Billionaire looking out for billionaires
Go, Bernie!
Keep it up good Sir!! As a Canadian it is surprising to me that healthcare is a privilege and not a basic human right in some countries.
Because it's like director said, for those who pay the bills. Meaning those who pay politicians are paying the bills not the American people
This rich ass people have no idea what is like maybe they should live and work as we do and see whay they think then
I wish reporters would go after folks like this. If they ask a question they need to push to get it answered. Stop allowing @GOP to deflect.
Really? Is this that trickle down economics theory you all think works ?
drained the swamp...?...filled it with parasites
Trump just put this bill in place to give himself and his family a tax break. So aggravating
Umm isn't that why Congress is pushing for a tax reform?
I'd love to know why the wealthiest family deserves a tax break that high? @reqMickMulvaney please answer the question not shy away from it
He won't, he's a rapacious tool
Why do millionaires such as yourself need multiple houses?
Here is an idea all you liberal socialist and progressives donate to the IRS more cash.
OMG! That was painful to watch. Mulvaney pretending not to understand Sanders' point and waffling around to avoid replying.
why do you feel that YOU or the government are entitled to any accumulated wealth any family has earned?  That's immoral
I love how all the politicians had a nice chuckle at tax breaks for billionaires #eattherich
He never answered the question.
You needed to ASK? I would think the answer was self evident,because poor people are a burden on the rich.
since Teddy Roosevelt what has the republican party done economically to help working people?
Yeah, .@PeterRoskam why.  That's the ONLY thing you care about. You certainly don't care about my friend with. ALS. #Complicit #TrumpRussia
I love me some Bernie!
And I'm sure he gave us that condescending trickle-down horseshit
Go Bernie! Keep asking a simple question and expose their inability to provide a straightforward honest answer.
It isn't need, it's power. Power bought with money is all that matters to them.
Depth of hatred I feel for this administration is indescribable.
Taxing somebody for dieing is immoral you hypocritical socialist hack. You have 3 houses.
Dear @BernieSanders u have 3 Houses and sports cars so if u aren't a #socialist why do want us to be?
Keep up the great work your doing for all Americans! Asking them to come clean is a difficult task but your on it. Thank you Sen Sanders
I would really like to see more democrats take on the con artist working in the white house! #feelthebern #resist
You pwned his ass Bernie! I only wish his voters would care about the issues, but they're to busy celebrating the Great Leader.
Why can't we just have a simple flat tax with 1 and only 1 deduction like first 20k or something?
You were great Bernie. Excellent job. He just kept dancing around the question and wouldn't answer. Excellent job!!
Let us not forget that the #USA is in on every. sort of trouble globally. That includes those who serve in the govt!
2. #Imperialism comes from the #USA and #slavery and #debt is imposed on #America own citizens.
Get 'em, Bernie! Don't let up!
This doesn't carry much weight from someone who only pays 13% of his income in taxes.
Working Americans don't share your distorted Soviet Communist viewpoint on how the world should turn!
how about your tax break?!
Love this.
Go get em Bernie!
Yes & yes
Thank you Bernie!
"Repealing #Obamacare" has got to stop being the raison d'etre for #Trump #GOP.  They can't justify anything else with that goal.  #Absurd
Ask yourself why the federal government how become so large?
they need it because they're greedy. they don't know any other way to be. they don't care about anyone else.
Greed is a filthy trait...
Go get em bernie he's trying to talk in circles
How is it legal for corporations to pay below-poverty-wages to workers &billions to CEOs?! Why's govt allowing this instead of protecting em
still love you Bernie
And to think THIS could have been out president. Truly broken hearted.
DOUBLE TALK!! HE TALKED ALL THE WAY AROUND THE QUESTION. NEVER ANSWERED THE QUESTION. 

ANSWER THE DAMN QUESTION!!!
Keep up the good work!
Did that idiot ever answered the question?
Thank You Senator Sanders!! 
"They are gonna die eventually"... Well is that your strongest argument?
Fantastic. You revealed him as a fraud - unwilling to even have the courage of his convictions. What a difference between the two of you.
Is it fair to cross examine a liar like that? That was too heavy on him, but he agreed that Americans will die at some time. OUTRAGEOUS!
Thank you Bernie.
If they are smart enough in life 2 obtain the "Billionaire Status"then I'm sure they are deserving."Good Credit Gets You The BEST RATES!
Why can't anyone in the entire Trump administration answer a question. This is something the American taxpayers are tired of paying for also
Never did get a straight answer.
Love this guy
It's not the working families, it's the healthy, single deadbeats on food stamps.
My cousin hit hard times...was on food atamps. Worked 2 jobs...got her and her baby out of the hole. Owns a home now...thats what that is 4
Then this budget would not affect her.
Covetchsness @SenSanders 
There is one thing 'poor' people have in common. NEED A GOOD JOB. You don't know what they need! I came from it!!
Very good! Thanks for fighting injustice Senator Sanders! 
Why does Bernie only pay 13% in taxes when hes in the top 5% of earners. Less of a rate then me
Go gett'em Bernie!!!  You are asking exactly what I would asked..the way I would have asked it too!!
I love Bernie!!! Why is he the only congressman to ask tough questions and also NOT let a liar off the hook?
Now that is the Bernie I remember. Welcome back! Keep at it.
You tell 'em Bernie!
So what actionable thing can we, the people, do about these tax breaks? 

Electing officials that we HOPE will help has failed for decades.
That's why they get big donations for the campaign. A few million gets them billions.
Give them hell Bernie
GREAT JOB BERNIE! Maybe you can tell trump's sniveling lapdog that if the RIDICULOUS budget is enacted; I can't get my new heart valves!
Hold them to the fire, Bernie. And he still didn't explain. The Waltons are a perfect example of how trickle-down doesn't work
I'm with you all the way it is a disgrace I'm willing to work with you
Give 'em hell, Bernie!
I ask @SenSanders one simple question: why does a champion of the poor own three homes?
You might be surprised to know that my family supports the repeal of the estate tax.Yes it affects me.No,I am not the Waltons.
"They're gonna die eventually..."
This is the Sen Sanders we know call Trump and his administration out why give $50B tax break to Walton family Y cutting 23m America off ACA
Keep them honest Senator!
Yep, Trump and his team conned the working class to vote for him, and they are the ones who are going to pay in the end. #ImpeachTrump
It wasn't the working class who elected trump. Middle and upper classes did.
Go get em Bernie 
Bernie is a hero for the American people.  ♡♡♡
do we need the goddamn music in the background?
Yes!
Give 'em hell @SenSanders. It is repulsive what this administration is doing to the ordinary family
Wow he just straight up didn't answer the question and responded with total bullshit, this is so shameful
He didn't answer the question, he diverted.
THANK YOU! For calling out this liar's bullshit 
Look at how he avoids answering the question. He tried all kinds of distractions and obfuscation s to avoid responding directly.
can he DIG himself any deeper???
One of the many reasons I support Bernie. He holds crooked politicians accountable. Well done.
That was a decent sound-bite, but if you think he was held to account you're dreaming.
It's a start. He's doing something. I'll take it.
Ask Hillary how she gets hers. Even with tax breaks the Walton's pay way more taxes than most as well as providing thousands of jobs to US.
GIT 'EM BERNIE.
Was he choking or studdering?
Bernie is only concerned with a tax break for the wealth when it has nothing to do with healthcare such a moron
There is never a right answer about what's fair when it comes to taxes
the question Bernie - is why n the hell does the US Govt embrace overspending on entitlements which destroys the middle class
This is the guy that should have been Potus
Did he actually just say that "people will die eventually?" An politician who carelessly tosses lives aside to win an argument...wow.
@abowersock You are the voice of reason. The rest are in la la land .
I am not a billionaire AND I'LL PAY MY SHARE fight for us
Hey Bernie, how did you become a millionaire?
When I feel I need to let out the depression+fear I find a video of mick mulvaney+cry+wonder what death is gonna feel like with his budgets
How many family businesses like farms and cattle ranches are dissolved by high estate taxes.  Why are we taxing the dead for their success.
At least you were able to agree that all people will die eventually
Nowadays, unlike times before, First time voters  can and do watch videos like these
He wants to make Mitch & Elaine happy!
why do poor people fight wars for rich people?
It's not that he did not have the right answer; I don't think he could even understand the question to make up a makeshift answer! Very sad!
maybe YOU need to spend some time in a socialist re-education camp to appreciate freedom and that money we earn belongs to those who earn it

Thank you senator. I wish you were our president, but the Dems didn't give you a chance. I think you would have won, but we'll never know.
You only pay 13.5%, you dont get to ask.
Thank you Bernie.  Seriously.
Give 'em hell, Bernie!
