Twelve of the Las Vegas shooter's guns were reportedly outfitted with bump stocks. What are they? http://nyer.cm/QQqRuVT  
How many more Americans, just living life, are going to be murdered due to spineless, bought & paid for GOP DO SOMETHING?
Um ....Chicago?
Chicago actually has really strict gun purchasing law school people just go to the next state over and bring them back
Pretty damn quiet where I live in AZ. Lots of gun owners. Lots of peace & quiet. Chicago not so much...hmm don't take a scientist to c why.
Arizona has a higher gun death rate than Illinois.
Really? Where did you hear or read that? Must be been on the latrine wall.
Agreed
Are you advertising for "bump stocks" or something? It's shameful you're using #vegasshooting to promote it.
“Bump stocks” provide an effective workaround to convert a legal weapon into an illegal one. We need to ban them and save lives. https://twitter.com/NewYorker/status/915696911545503744 …
there's a mass shooting in the US every day. When would be a good time for you? Wouldn't want to hurt your feelings.
Sanders and New Yorkers post look like a promotional ad  = Then it's flying off the shelves. Way to go. Big Fail
and gun sales skyrocket the moment dems start talking about gun reform. Does that mean we should not fight for reform?

Banning a device or a weapon won't solve the problem - we have to address the root cause, which is mental illness.
Excellent! We can start with Medicare for all or Universal healthcare! That way everyone get the treatment they need. 
The absolute LAST thing we need is the Government running our health care. Hell - even THEY don't use Obamacare NOW.
Weird because ppl running the GOV are using TAX DOLLARS to pay for their platinum insurance. Also, ACA is not Universal care at all.
My point exactly. If the ACA was all that great, they would be using it. Universal would be even worse.
Okay...so what do you suggest?
Affordable insurance. Insurance that can be bought and used from any state. Competitive markets.
There is no such thing as a competitive market when it comes to health coverage. We had that before ACA. It wasn't that long ago, it sucked.
Are you going to ban belt loops? Rubber bands? Shoe laces? All capable of the same thing. #research #howdogunswork?
Lol not how they work
Sure and then only criminals will have them... hey we should make heroin illegal too, and bank fraud... btw how's the new lake house?
Bump stocks were approved by the OBAMA ADMINISTRATION
We need more legislation about guns than the bump stock.  Stand up to the NRA money and be a leader
That way only the government has full auto.  So when the socialist take over your out gunned.  Or you can just trust the government
Don't like guns?  How about only trump supporters get guns, or how about only people who support trump. Or vice versa.
My point being like it or not guns are here.  Allowing one version of the government to control that only puts one person at a disadvantage
That person being you, the American citizen.  Guns are the current method of killing.  Killing is power.  You want that power only in
The hands of the government?  Who may or may not be the people you trust?
You can simulate automatic fire without bump stocks. Should be ban human arms and hands as well, berno?

If someone is bent on doing harm they are going to find away
Why should we make it easy for them?
Sure, just sacrifice God given rights. It's easier.
What god given rights you talking about?
The rights the Constitution said couldn't be taken away what my Fore father's fought for
Was it god or your forefathers?
It's our God given rights to bear arms
So god only gave that right to Americans?  Please provide some scripture on these rights. I’m not that familiar with the passage
They don’t convert it to an illegal one, just ask Obama
Does pulling the trigger on a "Bump Stop" cause the weapon to automatically fire?  Isnt there a law prohibiting Automatic Weapons?
Okay! Why doesn't Congress enforce the existing laws? Some places have stern background checks, while other places do not. No consistency.
If we continue down that road of outlawing more and more guns, what's to prevent a crazy person from getting guns on the black market?
Would that stop terrorists from getting illegal guns like what happened in England where guns are outlawed altogether?
Maybe we should outlaw cars, trucks, trains, & planes, too. They can all be used as weapons.
You are too amazing!!!
There are many legal BATFE devices that do the same thing including your belt loop. If you shoulder rifle loose in pocket recoil does rest.
What the fuck
With all due respect, look at VT lack of gun laws. Congress voted 2 keep bumps 2010. Entire year whined about Russia & not a peep abt guns 
I'll just drop this here...
The bump stock issue is bull.  We need to simply follow Australia and buy back semi automatic and automatic firearms.
thank your friend, Obama.  Sad really.
You're retarded. Waste time and money. They can be made, not just bought. Instead of signing bills, make em impossible to hold a bump stock
I got more ambitious plan for you... Ban murder, that's gonna save lives. Revolutionary, isn't it? Of wait a minute, it is already banned...
And does it work? Hmm, let me see. Somehow, criminals don't obey laws and bans. How is that possible?
What is illegal about bump stocks? It is still the same gun with semi mechanism. Still one pull one shot 
Making laws off of emotion is idiotic
Obama should have never approved this big mistake! But my guess is him and @EricHolder made mad money in Mexico
Banning bump stock won't stop mods to ANY weapon. You need harsher penalties AND do something about Nazis.
Actually the supreme Court ruled they were legal in 2010... Under President Obama. So where was the concern then?
His guns were illegal! Therefore outlawing said "bump stocks" will still not stop people that want illegal guns from getting them!
Shut up Bernie
It won't matter.. Personal responsibility and firearm safety courses.. Plus an different administration! Almost time to wipe the hard-drive
Lets address the bigger problem." Obamaism 
 Manchurian Candidate
 let that settle in.." Feel the   "pussy riot government"
I bet you never heard of them less than a week ago
nope, its still a legal weapon regardless
Aren't you brilliant ?
Which were approved by the Obama administration ATF
Is Equifax the latest bump stock?
I agree with you, Bernie.  President Reagan signed a law banning automatic weapons years ago.  What's the question?
When are DEMS going to stop mass killings by airplanes, SUVs, pressure cooker bombs, beheadings with knives & suicide bombers?
Require all newly manufactured guns be fitted with a chip that can’t be removed by law and dev technology to detect chips in public places.
How about requirement 4 all firearms 2 b registered by state & b simultaneously fitted w/ a chip 4 ID w/scanner technology equipmnt 2 detect
Reply to @senSanders need to ban high volume clips also. Repubs. Give VICTIMS a fighting chance. Ban all repeating weapons to civilions
Since you know nothing about firearms why don't you stay out of this conversation.
We need to do MORE than this- it is the smallest step forward possible, you sir need to LEAP forward on gun restrictions
The bump stock was approved in all 50 states under the obama administration.
Belt loops can do the same thing. #BanBeltLoops
Funny, you didn't say BOO when Obama passed it..
Agree  %
Weren’t you in congress when this was passed under Obama? Or, like Obamacare, did you not read it?
More Bernie lies, not surprised.
Because libs are so ill informed, does he know Obama made it ok to get them?
@NewYorker why were they ever allowed? You people on capitol hill NEED to do your job. QUIT THE CAMPAIGNING.
Where was your outcry when Obama approved the bump stocks in 2010.
Hypocrite, when have you talked about the gun violence in Chicago, a city with a tough gun controls.
Now now now no more Guns
Funny because your buddy Obama, approved them for use. Maybe he knew something we didn't. Until now.
Check this video, this man managed to create machine gun fire using LEGAL firearms without any tools!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsDNpoXxWCA …
#bansemiautos
Banning Bump stocks do nothing! These Nutcases can achieve the same effect using their belt loop, gat cranks, etc.
We have to #bansemiautos!
Just a FYI, you can use Belt Buckles and get the same affect. Want to ban Belts too?
A 'key' provides an effective workaround to convert a legal vehicle into a weapon. Ban keys!
So why didn’t you work on a law before this week in banning them if your so interested in saving lives?
We need to ban assault rifles !!!!
Hey @SenSanders, they were approved for sale during the Obama Administration in 2010. You and the other hypocrites should've spoken up then.
Maybe we need a #BeltLoopBan too
Gun control laws will not cure mental illness! Good mental health coverage could. Sane people do not commit mass murder.
An idea prohibition for alcohol would save 45k lives per year and stop 15k DUI accidents from taking lives=60k saved lives or 6k on guns.
Hey Bernie more deaths are caused by alcohol 45k per year. Less than 6k from gun murders. Your logic says prohibition of alcohol saves lives
And did you take this up with the OBAMA white bouse? I have not found articles with you attacking Obama since his ATF approved it in 2010.
Umm, bump stocks are LEGAL.  

The ATF approved them under Barry Obama's reign.
You didn't even know what a bump stock was until a few days ago. I have a bouncy ball, that works as well, we should work on banning those.
Why wouldn’t this already be Class 3? (At least)
Where were you?
We need to do more than that, but I will take it. It’s a start.
Blah, Blah, Blah! When YOU ban planes, trucks, cars & pressure cookers..we'll talk!
Maybe u should've said something when obamas ATF legalized them.
Laws dont prevent crime (they protect rights), & criminals are professional law breakers. Think it through "senator!"
U nuts refer to gun control like it's sentient..
 
"OH Gun Control, we NEED u! Reach into our pants & make us cum unity on our racist flag!
We should ban guns from@HillaryClinton supporters.

If that was true then why did the Obama administration approve it?
The Las Vegas shooter. Another loony democrat. The left are known to promote violence. Kathy Griffin. Hollywood. Etc. I need my guns RIGHT?
When the NRA is open to a bumpstock ban
Why did Obama’s ATF approve “bump stocks” in 2010?
Yes, mein Sanders. We must take the guns away from the people. They wield too much power.
Actually, it’s still a semi-automatic. Only 1 round for each pull of the trigger is fired. We need to get back to teaching value of life.

I’m curious..you had no problem with Obama’s ATF approving them in 2010..why not be a man for once and admit you want a total gun grab
We banned you and we’re saving lives
Why don't you show us how that bump stock works for 9 minutes from a 64 year old man
Never mind it's always one of your supporters or a Democrat that goes around shooting people
We need to STOP with all semi-automatic weapons.  They are only used for one thing.  Humans killing humans.  Keep your regular guns.
And the criminals will always find a workaround whether it's legal or not.
They were approved for public sale under Obama.
Actually "bump stocks" are legal... ... just the facts...  ban elderly from driving ...2,358 killed ... 348 killed in 2009 by rifles
Most driving has a much more socially augmenting intent than machine guns.
Intent ... public mass transportation is socially augmentation ... cars not so much ... let's keep it factual
Social...not socially.
Better yet let's ban cell phones ,texting & driving kills ,https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=16&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwjSjObF9drWAhWETCYKHXN4CXAQFgh0MA8&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.textinganddrivingsafety.com%2Ftexting-and-driving-stats&usg=AOvVaw2L2rdXhuGYJ8d8JeeIiwd2 …

#Honest Politicians INTO 
#Dishonest Politicians 
Got it...You decrepit kickback!
#BeachBumBernie
Bernie did you voice concern when they were approved in 2010, under Obama, and your party controlled both houses?
I agree they should be banned, but your party never should have approved them...just saying
Bernie.  Paddock wasn’t the shooter.  Operators with M240B machine guns were at both windows simultaneously. Don’t be a fool
#Bankfraud .... That's pride
Bernie Sanders how many bump stocks have ever been used in a crime
Obama administration gave the okay for them to be sold In 2012
This can be done with out the bump stock. Just saying
lets ban socialism, and Marxism, which have resulted in many millions of deaths, or purely innocent victims, ban Marxism first
Without guns Marxism would probably be a lot easier to enforce. Damn commies are back at it again
THE LAST TRUE DEM WAS JFK WHO NOT ONLY BELIEVED IN THE 2nd BUT FULLY SUPPORTED & THAT SUPPORT IS MATTER OF PUBLIC RECORD. GOD BLESS USA 
And while we're at it, we can enact ANOTHER law against murdering people. I'll bet THAT will put a stop to it.
Banning liberalism will save more.
No bernie... we need to ban you and prevent pollution!!!'
?
Accuracy drops off so bad your lucky to hit anything at 500 yards
Bernie, from one of his socialist houses, rn.
Ban the thing they attach to as well.
Unbelievable that this was made legal...insane...stupidity
How about just getting rid of assault rifles...or is that too radical? Too left? Too humane?
#ThanksObama  for #bumpstocks
Ban them and the criminals will find a way to "create" the same thing. Criminals don't worry so much about bans.
Bump stocks are easy to DIY. Good start but more needed.
Just ban guns already, they serve zero useful purpose.
How about a ban on any person in Congress to hold more then one term and ban on lobby money.
How could he buy all his pretty homes? Put up some refugees; make some good use of taxpayer money.
Thats the truth for sure..dont do as i do but what i say is his thought process.
Typical hypocrite.
Even after reading all the insulting comments here, I still believe this tweet is right & bump stocks should be outlawed.  #MAGA
@NewYorker there's one thing you idiots need to realise, you cannot legislate for a lunatic, they always find a way to kill ppl
need to hit assault rifles Bernie they are military weapons not civilian
Finally I agree with Bernie.
Yes but that's not enough!
We don’t even know the shooters motive and you want to ban something. You don’t care about getting all the facts first
why did obama administration make them legal in 2010 while Eric Holder was Attorney General?
Just like banning drugs stoped people form doing drugs right?
Blah blah blah
The problem is the ideology of the left they no longer represent the constitution but are trying to tear it down.
Scary thing . They look like they can be 3D printed
#GunControlNow
Want to save people from being shot then control the damn democrat party obama hillary antifa out of control.

As long as we're having this conversation, lets compromise. I'll trade you Bump Stocks/Trigger Cranks for suppressors. Safety all around!
So where was your outrage when bump stocks got the green light under Obama's Admin?
Hmmmm didntvyour President HUSSAIN Obama sign them into law. Now it's Trumps fault. Poor Socialist Bernie is getting confused
Your socialist/communist goal to take our #2A rights away will NOT work. We know that is the TRUE agenda.
Your party passed the bill for bump stops!!! Now your crying!
Finally! Someone who gets it! We need to make it illegal and remove to save citizen lives!
 https://twitter.com/TsavoAnon/status/915992270435966976 …
Agreed. Great idea. Also need ammunition regulation/monitoring/tracking , as is already done for certain medicines.
No, we need to ban machine guns all together. Stop the bandaids & fix the problem, ban machine guns! There will always be a hack work around
Don’t stop there!!Ban silencers, magazines holding more than six rounds, and wait two weeks till purchase is final. Stop crimes of passion
So banning bump stocks means our gun violence is over. How naive.
Nah
The problem isn't guns...
Oh God Yes
I have an AR-15, and I am pro gun.  But I agree with Bernie, we need to ban bump stocks and we need better gun control/ back ground checks.
We can have strong gun laws and gun control without banning guns all together.  There is no reason that we can’t have both.
Eventually enough family and friends will be personally effected by results of using this military weaponry that politics will change.
But they'll keep focus on this alone and nothing else will be accomplished...
Socialism has killed more people than any firearm accessory ever will. We need to ban it and save lives.
Hey Bernie when are you gonna speak out against all the innocent lives in Chicago being gunned down!!

Hey #BumpStockBernie...Belt buckles can effectively be utilized to perform the same action. Want to craft a bill to ban those too you loon? https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/915699332824928257 …
Approved under? Obama!  Why didn't you say anything than?
The American Patriots must unite on one goal. To put an end to Career Politicians. We must vote to replace those in office. #MAGA 
The LV POS bought multiple guns legally. If we could track and say this guy bought 15 guns in a year.  Maybe he should be watched
Positively 4th St. still feel the angry burn.
We need to not only ban them but also put in better gun purchase tracking and more stringent checks for people that buy automatic guns
Sorry Bernie, the gun is still legal because it fires only one round with each trigger pull.  It is no more fully automatic with a bump stock than it is with an adjustable stock, pistol grip or flash suppressor.
Bump stocks have nothing 2 do with it. Its these mental people (like your fan who shot Scalise & others) who do it. Raging, violent liberals
No semi should ever be able to be made full auto. Bump stock was approved in 2010 under obama. No you cant take our guns!
Saving all lives matter gun control is really needed in the United States
There are a number of rifles that can be turned full auto with a metal file. Also, TNT is easy to make, as are chemical weapons. And guns.
Banning guns won't stop their production, but even if all firearms stopped existing, extremists would find ways to kill people. Vehicles,etc
Terrorists will soon learn basic chemistry, and how to make mass destruction weapons with over the counter cleaning supplies.
You don't stop this by trying to control tools. Tools will always exist. You stop it by re-educating extremist ideals.
But that won't be possible if both the media and politicians such as yourself refuse to condemn rhetoric from groups like Antifa and BLM.
Or if you continue to spread lies about our president because he challenges your authority and deep state, status quo power.
So in many ways this was your fault.
Funny, @BarackObama singed off on allowing them to be sold!
And why don't you ever complain about guns when this many people get killed in Chicago weekly?
Truth
Hey dodo they can use a belt to make a semi work like this ... someone will make something better if you outlaw that
Use same thought process ; drug company’s make drugs some use illegally umm do you get rid of the drugs and drug company #wakeup
If bump stocks are legal, & installing them are illegal, then how does it make them illegal? Stocks don't kill ppl,the ideology now days is
Pro 2a & see no need 4 bump stock but in 2010 it was Obama who signed off on this & didn’t the Dems have control of House/Senate as well
If your up to it.
I can tell Senator Bernie Sanders you truly care about us. The little people. Run in 2020
We need to ban you
Maybe Obama shouldn't of approved them.
You don't need an automatic weapon to go deer hunting, quail hunting, rabbit hunting, or any kind of hunting.
@NewYorker 

Too little, too late.

Do something.
Why don't we just ban murder? Wouldn't that be easier?
There is no reason for a person to have access to an automatic weapon . Or be able to take a weapon and make it into an automatic weapon
Nope, It is still one shot per trigger pull you half wit....

The #NRA owns the #congress.
Unfortunately, banning them won't stop outlaws from getting them, it will only stop good Americans from getting them.
