Your show is a haven for Socialists now. Good riddance formerly funny individual.
Oh Noes!  Not universal healthcare!  Please don't have the government pay for my medical bills and crackdown on corporate greed!
No.  What's dumb is pretending that you personally represent the millions of Americans without access to proper healthcare.
What's dumb is ignoring how expensive it's become.  Get a a job, take care of your own . Neat
We have the most expensive system in the world because we have a shitty privatized health care system that engages in rampant price-gouging.
And the governemt won't improve it. Name 5 things they do well
Literally, every other developed country in the world has figured out how to deliver quality healthcare for all its citizens.
Tonight on The Lib Show, #CluelessColbert wets himself as he gets excited about being close to a Marxist
Once you figure out where those dollars in your pocket came from, you're going to be blown away.
AND ADOLF HITLERS GRANDSON
So right Bernie. Stop looking back Hillary. Hindsight is 20/20 and sells books. We need FORESIGHT 2020 and save this country.
You're still taking it from Hillary Clinton... I'm still feeling the bern. Sad.
will there be enough #ponies for everyone???
How the federal government buys either a pony or pays a doctor:  https://twitter.com/stephaniekelton/status/905395980593487872 …
Happy Belated 
No matter what twist you put on it, you are responsible for Frump being in the White House. You never had a chance. Spoiler!
Yazzz Caitt!!!
Your acceptance of Bernie Sanders excuses of dividing the Dems was hard to watch. Ralp Nader all over again.
Too bad. I'm not a fan of "Berning up". Never have been. But on the bright side I like the National
The real issue is figuring out how the federal government issues our currency: https://twitter.com/stephaniekelton/status/905395980593487872 …
http://wikiy.net/prve_article-215 …
Tv is dying
Thanks, your interview with Caitroina was great. Really enjoyed the un-Outlander-related questions about her personally showing her depth.
You split the Democratic Party in 2016 and damaged an already flawed Clinton. You alone are responsible for Frump's victory. Just go away!
our cait did a nice job in this one!
You were Great,love your laugh!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BERNIE 
Great interview with Cait.  Enjoyed all the laughter!
Yay to all of this!
You and your supporters can keep that let's move forward nonsense. Move forward with trump supporters
If you and your supporters can't unify with hillary supporters and demand that she be president, you and your supporters can keep that unity
If you and your supporters want unity and want us to move forward, let's unify and agree that hillary should be president
@BernieSanders, do you really think hillary would have been a president like this? Again, was it worth it? What did you accomplish?
@BernieSanders, seeing what's in the white house now, was it worth it? running a campaign deep down, you knew you couldn't win.
Hillary will be on next week.  Can't wait to watch. Bernie you did your job. Got Trump in the white house
Bernie rocked it!
Bernie will you please repeal HMO Act of 1973? Prior to this act it was illegal to profit off of healthcare!
Talk about a basket of deplorables
Just don't hire his wife.

Bernie and The National = The best of poltics AND music! At the same time! On the same show! Crazy!
I can't believe you did not invite Sam Heughan!!!! He is the best!!!! I'm very sad!!!
Just a quick reminder that CBS President #LesMoonves said Trump wasn't good for America but he's great for CBS. #VerritFacts @peterdaou
Citation:
@BernieSanders!!! Finally a good guest! 
Won't be funny.  "This Old House". Will be funnier
@alinajade wow look Bernie is on the same night as The National what more could you want
#Nokiltquestions
Good luck, @caitrionambalfe!
Knock 'em dead!!!
Boo! 
I am the victor but you don't cheer me.. i am the captive but you don't free me . i am the truth but you don't hear me. @SenSanders




Classic
Please have Lawrence O'Donnell on
Colbert, Caitriona, Bernie and the National??!  This may be the best lineup ever on late night!
Great show will be glad to see it .
@caitrionambalfe and @TheNational 
Well, this episode is gonna be phenomenal! 
OUTLANDER'S CAITRIONA BALFE!!!!
Woohoo!!!!! Go #CaitrionaBalfe
Serious Kudos, lady
SO cool, Cait, that you're a guest with Bernie!! Knock 'em dead...LOVE you!!
Bernie Sanders a fart in a wind storm. Colbert a fart mouth . A sorry pair farting at ea other on TV
Your piano man is freaking ANNOYING, who's show is this Colbert or that piano guy. Needs to CHILL !! Want to hear you not him in background
Bernie should be the only guest. He never seems to have enough time.
Sanders being on the show just got me excited
It should be President Sanders.
Some Verra interesting and fine company this evening 

Katrina you will see that Bernie is the man we wanted elected I don't know how Trump got in the office but he's not my president#YouC.
Looking forward to @caitrionambalfe tonight! Spread that @Outlander_STARZ Love!! 
Happy birthday!!!
I sincerely hope they do not have Bernie on at the same time as Cait.
LOVE @caitrionambalfe and @SenSanders!! Should be a FANTASTIC show!!!
Cait! Cait! Cait! #cheering
Squeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!
They are in good company Cait!!
Fantastic!
OMG three of my favorites all on one show!! Must watch tonight!
Good luck Cait 
We're all waiting up to see Cait! 
What an amazing line up! But most importantly because @caitrionambalfe is gonna rock the show!
CAITRIONA REALLY SPEAKS IRISH-SO DIG DEEP SHE PROBABLY REALLY DOES KNOW WHERE ROSCOMMON IS
Will be watching to see @caitrionambalfe !

definitely staying up to see @caitrionambalfe  #Outlander

I can't wait to see you on Colbert! Love you both!  Can't wait see your quick wits collide!
Ask him about Sierra Blanca and his wife's no show job on a Texas Radioactive Waste Commission.

It's why he didn't release his full taxes.
Sanders will you be attending "Berning Man" concert as well?
Stephen, ask Bernie about the likelihood of he and his wife going to jail. I double-dog-dare you.
Odd, I thought Colbert was a total sellout to corporate big money now. I miss the Colbert report so much.

So when did you book @HillaryClinton on your show?
Why? What's she up to?
Wrote a book! What did BS do lately to be on the show? I don't mind him being on at all. Just asking!
Just bashing Dems, is all Sanders does.
What does it say about your social circle that that's all you see him do? He's introducing a healthcare plan.
BERNIE SANDERS 2020  HILLARY'S BOOK IS BS, SHE CHEATED AND PEOPLE REMEMBER!!!! FEEL THE BEEN AMERICA!!!
Congress is Cowardly There’s a Fascist Racist Liar in The Oval Office America Raise your Flags Upside-Down To Tell Congress Impeach #POTUS !
Will you ask Bernie why the 1% pays 15% capital gain tax which is the bulk of income and not taxed as regular income? Bernie is shafting us!
Hey Stephen. Please have Jesse Dollimore on for a guest. You will love him.
yes!! @StephenAtHome you should co-host the Emmy's with Bernie!!
Best idea, ever. No two people I admire more!
Awesome! Keep up the good work Stephen! Love your show! Hold no punches! Senator Sanders is a true patriot!
I literally could not be more pleased with this line-up! 10/10
Sorry Stephen; will be tuning in to FallonKimmel   #NEVERBERNIE the fake/temporary Democrat
Enjoy the lame hair tussler
@SenSanders  AND @TheNational ! ! ! ! ! !
Thanks for the heads up, so i can find a solid cooking show to watch. Maybe QVC will be selling some costume jewelry? Great night ahead.
Bernie is there to talk about his new book he's promoting...oh, wait, no he's just pushing more progressive policy to actually help people.
Get you a person who can do both. (He does have a new book coming out)
Two of my favorite guys in the World. Will be watching.

Do you have a speech impediment, KAIN?
I can't wait!!! Love @SenSanders !!!
Nothing but sicko Capitalism gaming. Shout out to Ross Perot, former independent. They try to bankrupt independents.
LOVE You @SenSanders !!
CAITRIONA!!!!!!! ILYSM (sanders can back off lol)
Ughh. Bernie needs to go away he has caused enough damage.
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/905866550422507521 …
Would make my life if Stephen would say "easy peasy lemon squeezy" in his Trump voice.
Trump says he "can help mediate between" Qatar, UAE, Saudi Arabia: "I think it's something that's going to get solved fairly easily." (ABC) 
BERNIE2020
Love Bernie!
#LSSC
Wow the meeting of the mindless. Anybody that is going to watch will be much less intelligent. Clowns!!
Says the loser with no class. Glad you won't be watching, certainly don't need your kind.


MUST WATCH - This needs to go VIRAL
Propaganda War: FB, Twitter, Russia, the GOP & Trump. Watch & Read the Thread.
America LOVES Bernie 
NOT!!!!!
True 
Time to #FeelTheBern tonight
you go, @caitrionambalfe!!! 
Love 
