Breaking: Trump administration will allow employers to refuse to cover contraception.  http://n.pr/2ksmNIm 
Bernie be a leader but don’t friggin hand it to Trump by running as a third party r u 
How is this sexist? If your employer won't provide contraceptives for you then find a job that will #CrazyBernie
no it means be an adult and pay your own way and not expect someone else to pay it
I do not need the gov to tell me how to control my life.
This is awesome news Bernie! How is forcing ME to pay for someone else to murder their baby, "sexism?" Go away, Communist.
No idea anyone's brain worked as defectively as yours.U r willing to pay your part when woman has your babies due to no contraception,right?
Business shouldn’t be aloud to see gender or race then no one would have a unfair advantage. And yes I’m a conservative.
Do

Ah yes. I remember alllllllll the people whom Generalismo Mike Pence has ordered shot, beheaded or hanged. All zero of them. ;)
pretty sure this was in reply to the oppressive laws against women that have perpetually been endorsed by men in the name of religion
You want them to control their own live but want someone else to pay for it. Douche
Please don’t generalise all Republicans as racist, bigoted, sexist assholes without an education. I have a bunch of friends who are brilliant and Republicans. They despise Trump.
Women can buy their birth control pills as same as men buy their Viagra. Everyone should to treated the same.
They can control whatever they want... just without my tax dollars paying for them to have sex.  Pay for your own damn contraception!
Why the fuck should an employer cover his employees sex lives, Bernie needs checked in to an institution he's way too far gone. Irrational.
If they don't cover birth control, they need to stop covering male enhancement and Viagra. Just sayin'.
And people say you don’t support woman. :(
Sex is a choice, why should employers be responsible for the pregnancy of their female employees?
The party of old white men.
Racist and ageist. That makes you just as bad as the republicans
No, it's called self-responsibility.  You want people out of your bedrooms?  Don't make them pay for what you do in your bedroom.
Then you can pay for your own Viagra.
If I need it I would.  All I have to do it get on Twitter, watch entitled snowflakes melt, and I'm excited. ; )
It’s covered under insurance.
It shouldn't be.
Then , as a conservative, you should advocate for Viagra being removed from the military as a 50 million dollar yearly expenditure!
All for it
For what? Viagra for your broken penis or something to prevent pregnancy... I don't understand
If you and your company’s values aren’t aligned you shouldn’t work there.  This is not a big controversy.
Breaking: Trump Administration will allow individuals to not be penalized for exercising their 1st amendment rights.
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;
Wait, why is refusing to pay for someone else's birth control considered sexist? Birth control should be paid by the person using them.
Would you consider it sexist if they won't cover Viagra like meds for men?
Hat hits a grey area for me. If someone has erectile dysfunction, like an actual condition, then it makes sense to give them treatment
The only function it's used for is for a man to get it up, sexual only. Birth control has a lot of health benefits such as heavy periods.
Part of being healthy is being able to reproduce, so I can see why Viagra would be covered in those cases.
I think if BC is prescribed for health reasons then it should be covered, but other than that each individual should be responsible for it
Wow, new low for Bernie. I guess you really will say anything to get millinials to follow an old man.
Keep saying more, Father Bernie...
Not what that is at all. Pay your own way. Why is it their employers responsibility to prevent conception? Why is everyone entitled?
No, under the Affordable Care Act employers with 50 or more employees have to provide health insurance, which includes birth control.
Not anymore!! Yeah personal responsibility!!
Person responsibility when you have a heart attack too? Health coverage is coverage. None of your business or my company’s in what I need
It is when they pay for it.
So they should be able to deny any sort of coverage? Your boss should be able to deny you heart medication, too?
Companies shouldn't be forced to provide health insurance period. Don't like it work elsewhere.
You act as though people just get to pick and choose where they work, like they don’t have to take what they can to survive. #capitalism
This is simple common sense.  Will you ever understand the PEOPLE don’t want the federal government in their lives on all levels!!!!
GOP never said women could control their own lives.  GOP has not changed.
You all act like birth control is so fucking expensive.  Some of us know how to wear our big girl panties and buy our own shit
Or maybe there are business owners in a free country that have deep religious convictions that contraception is murder? Now I don’t believe in this view but that’s freedom of religion sir. Businesses don’t have forced labor, you sign on for a job there.
Why haven’t you condemned Weinstein yet?
@NancyPelosi Let's be #Clear @realDonaldTrump happened under your watch you'll hand over leadership @DNC to Mr. Sanders #Immediately #Grace
@AlexiasLazar you will stand accountable for your own ties to corruption & protection of @HillaryClinton #Privilege cost @DNC the election
Own the #Bern Ironic isn't you sold out our Democracy & greatest modern political #Revolution in #History protect same plutocracy as #Trump
'We should be a little more graceful' @JoeBiden runs this #Country and you've lost your #Power Nancy & Alex #Bow
@AlexiasLazar from one queer to another let's be honest by your power I mean you lost your spot under the table of corruption you serve.
Maybe if we shove guns up there, people will protect our right to total control of our bodies 
With this there will be so many companies claiming to have religious beliefs just to save money.
Wait. What.. Grandpa.. Let's go back to Shady Pines now..We'll stop for milk n cookies.. LMAO
Funny how all the Republicans supporters are going around shouting FIRE FIRE over Sharia law as if women's rights mean something to them.
Get the app 'Buycott,Vote With Your Wallet', choose 'CAMPAIGNS,WOMEN'S RIGHTS.Take control and don't buy -Money Speaks Loudly to Power.
Every day this administration hits a new low! Dark ages here come again
Controlling ones own life has nothing to do with free shit everyone else pays for
It’s been like this for over 40 years !  Can’t blame Trump.  You people.  
Oh, you mean forcing others to pay for bc even if it's against religious beliefs?
It's a religious issue, not sexism. JFC people.  Use your brains.
Love you Bernie for keeping it real
Why should the employer provide contraception. ?

Agree!
Do you even read what you write? "Control their own lives" - so why should anyone have to pay for their condoms or birth control pills?
Step by horrifying step, this administration is dragging the US back into the dark ages.
We should totally listen to this guy for advice.
Control their own lives but not the responsibility to pay for it?  Come on this is a sham
@NPR Nothing says "strong," "proud," "independent" woman like demanding somebody else pay for your birth control pills.
So women are so incapable of taking care of their needs without the Government's help? Sounds sexist to me.

#Breaking: #Trump Administration Reverses #Obama Era’s Unconstitutional Control Of #ReligiousFreedom & #BirthControl http://dailysignal.com/2017/10/06/trump-administration-reverses-obama-era-policies-on-religious-freedom/ …
$9 a month at Walmart....skip one trip to Burger King or two Starbucks’ lattes a month to have birth control if not covered by your policy
Bernie, do you mean like the way Harvey Weinstein controlled women w/sexual abuse in Hollywood and everyone enabled him by saying nothing!??
What exactly is stopping us from controlling our lives?? I have yet to figure that out. Why do you act like I need u to control it?
They didn’t make it illegal to buy birth control. They made it so no one else is forced to buy their birth control for them
#LiberalLogic
If the government decides your healthcare. You do not control your own life.
One more way for this idiot to turn back times to the dark ages, where he belongs!
Breaking: Companies will experience increases in fees for coverage for multiple pregnancies & lost days of productivity. #ThinkitThrough
that's what Planned Parenthood is for............isn't it?
Does this mean you will stop supporting candidates who are opposed to abortion?
Bernie let's create a victim Nation
Outrageous backward neanderthal reaction.
Say it with me, “not paying for birth control is not denying birth control.”
Hey, birth control is a benefit to guys too! #HeyNow!
Yet the health care costs of deny access to contraception are so much higher.
sex choices should be paid for by employers or taxpayers? free Healthcare and priority legal treatment, more subsidation for women? Selfish
That's fine. We will just all stop having sex with men. That's the best way to prevent a pregnancy anyway.
Will the same employers refuse viagra as well?
sexism? you're fucked. personal expense, don't act like employers should pay for everything
You’re pretty “insensitive” to ppls religious views and I’m “offended” by it. Taste of ur own medicine Bernie!!
Hey Bernie Sanders shut the f**k up
Bernie you're full of baloney
Not sexism sir: but a pure violation of the Constitution which guarantees citizens freedom from gender discrimination.
So basically people are making their bosses & the company they work for, pay for their BC?
I'd be mad
BC is important, but pay for it urelf.

Hypocrite. #Weinstein who control by fear jacking off in a plant. Go all in or STFU. BC should be mandatory all plans, as right to nut punch
Why the hell should an employer ever be forced to pay for an employees irresponsible sex habits?? Are they gonna pay my child support too??
Perhaps you and your ilk should be banned from Catholic countries.
Sexism is thinking that men should be masculine and that women should be feminine. Today's America emulates the Weimar Republic's decadence.
Men need contraception, too.
Hopefully, since it's up to the employers, they won't refuse to cover it and will keep it the same. Fingers crossed 
And it will cost them seats in 2018 and beyond!
Why are the men in power so afraid of the vagina?
Leave the monkey in the cage.  It's called personal responsibility, or do like custard should've done withdraw.
We conservatives completely agree that women should control their own body. Bernie it comes down to sex,
If women want the ability to control their own lives doesn't that mean being financially responsable for their own lives? #independentwoman
The replies are just wow. How is the US considered a developed country,with the attitude that healthcare should be unequal and inaccessible?
Hahaha it's not sexism
WTF! I need the pill I get sick and I am in constant pain. The one I need cost 110.00 I can’t afford that.
Yes.. They have the right to pay for their own birth control pills. What is more respectful then that? No one has to know what they do
No it's we the ones paying for insurance that's too GD expensive to use now saying you fucking losers pay your own way again!
didn’t they have control over letting a man hit it raw ...?
Do you know what contraceptives are
birth control, condoms, etc...
so like, are you aware of how many non sex related uses birth control has
yes, you can’t afford a rubber ?
I really don't understand your point lmao
trump is letting insurance plans not provide contraceptives, so I’m asking you can’t afford to buy one?
Birth control pills provide a lot more medical benefits for women than just pregnancy prevention, so affording a condom isn't relevant lol
Stop with the sexism crap, Bernie. You use buzz words like that to gain popularity. You use a superficial plea for abortions with our taxes.
I control my own life and have always paid for my own BC. Your statement is nonsense.
Refuse birth control, then refuse Viagra
i want some of the geniuses in here to tell me something. i'm a virgin & i need birth control to help regulate my hormones because they
cause incredibly harmful interactions in my brain, for some reason that my doctors can't fully explain. without birth control, my life is
literally in danger. do you disagree with that on religious grounds? will that be fixed if i just keep my legs closed?
Is Pres. T M-ron contraceptive method is to grab other's private parts without consent? Is this what happens at Trump rallies?
We need contraception to be covered! This is a no-brainer decision! This sets us back from equality, social & health justice.
Bernie loves to spend other people's money, but cannot explain what happens when other people's money runs out.
Women and men can control their own lives with less big government involvement, mandates & entitlements. It's about controlling oneself.
says the man who said women fantasize about rape...

THE FEDS  CALLED BLACK PEOPLE WHO LOVE THEMSELVES EXTREMIST ... HAS AMERICA BECOME NAZI GERMANY... WHOS GONNA STOP IT IF BLACKS ARE GASSED?
Read the bible more its all in Book of Ester whats coming next and it should be pretty good if it does lol!
You mean someone actually kept a campaign promise? Shame! #prolife
No it is about life
That's because as a taxpayer we shouldn't have to pay for their birth control dumbass
so strange. in my country women have another mentality,they leave their job to have children. government provides contraceptives but few use
How is it sexism to pay for your own contraceptive. Your body, your choice. You can be an adult and chose contraceptives or abstain!
It’s sexism to only provide women with BC....
They can pay for their own.  Or why dont you pick up the tab?
No BC, no pregnancy coverage, no family planning coverage, no cancer screening? It's a Man's World & we won't stand for this shit! #Resist
Hey Bernie, news flash. By PAYING for their own birth control, women still have the ability 2 control their own lives. Nobody payed my way.
Sure Bernie. You want them to have free birth control but would expect them to stand inline for food. Priorities of a democrat.
So I guess they will not be covering erectile dysfunction pills?
How can anyone take you seriously anymore? Cheated by HC, then you support her. 3 homes, a millionaire and claim to be socialist? #fraud
Women can control their own lives. Choose a job that will cover it. Land of the free Bernie Baby
oh boy
@sunita500 @NPR men benefit from birth control
Harvey Weinstein had total disdain for women’s ability to control their own lives....
It's discrimination against women!
Employees should not be required to pay for female contraception just like they don't have to pay for men's condoms! Save money, abstain!
I still control my own life; I'm just can't force a (hypothetical) employer to buy my contraceptives against their conscience. #WomensRights
It is really offensive that you  think all women are leeching baby murderers.
You've been on the public teat for so long, you think everything should be paid for by the other guy.
Sir, this is not sexism. Free BC is a privilege. Women still can access BC . Stop with the false claims.
Women's ability to control their own lives means they carry their happy ass to walmart for a $4 birth control prescrition.
A bald eagle in an egg is a bald eagle. A baby in the world is not a baby? Hypocrites irresponsible sexual deviance
This is not sexism. Woman’s reproductive choices are nothing to do with work, they are a personal choice and should be funded personally.
Requested my mother's opinion on your comment (Strongest Woman I've ever known). "I am in control of my life, don't need Bernie's pandering"
If they control their own lives they will spend  $9 to buy the pills.
Chris Kim Kardashian has 56 million following what are we doing wrong..
Interesting that perverts, murderers, criminals are liberal democrats. Yet you continue to attack republicans. Bill Clinton women's rights!
Do employers cover male contraception?
And exactly WHY can't women pay for their own birth control products?  Why is it someone else's responsibility? It's not.
No it’s not, Bernie. The government has no right to tell private employers what they must include in their employee benefits package.
INFANT CIRCUMCISION is pure SEXISM and MISANDRY against BOYS!!!!
Apparently boys genitals matters not . The third wave bunch/religious fanatics have deluded many feeble minds  .
Really? Use your fraud money and dispense pill then. Employers should not pay for an oops. Once admired u. Now little more than #socialist
Politics 101. LOL!
Disdain of women, period.
¡Y como ejemplo de la decadente dirigencia del país de la cual hablaba, señoras y señores, con ustedes Bernie Sanders!
Nothing sexiest about this at all!!! Typical Americans in 2017, everyone wants shit for free..
You saying now they have no control? Couldn't they just pay for it personally? Seems like a good way to control their own lives.
No, banning it is. Your body, your responsibility.
This is nothing less than sexism. It's the latest display of @SenSanders total disdain for business owner's ability to control their lives.
A woman controlling her own life literally means paying for her own needs herself. YOU thinking women need men to pay = SEXIST.
Govt forcing bus owner to provide service against their beliefs is bad= Sexism.
Are you really dumb Bernie or just know your followers are?
It's more than disdain.  It's fear. repubbs are scared of women.
It sounds more and more like pretty soon will have to wear a Burkas we can't bitch about Muslims anymore
Bernie, Republicans will NEVER control woman we get around whatever laws they inpose on us. There is always a way.
As a women and mother why is this my responsibility? Go buy another house with I'll gotten money
Employers shouldn’t decide women’s health care. Time to end health care tied to employment.
You going to cover my prostate check? Cause that's sexism that my shit isn't covered? #equality right?
They can control it they just have to pay for it ... and I’m ok with that
I've  been controlling my life for a long time Bernie! Quit with the dramatics!
They can start by using birth control knucklehead
So, why not support OTC birth control plans the GOP has supported?

You want more access but ONLY if there is Govt control of it... Why?
It's easier to "control your own life" if you don't have to rely on Govt for that to happen...
Unless you live in Govt all your life maybe?
No, it's just asking that women pay for their own contraception... men have been buying their own condoms forever
Hey Brother shows about getting a hearing on those 
TESLA PAPERS THAT TRIPS UNCLE GOT FREE ELECTRICITY 
TESLA COLORADO SPRINGS 1899
My insurance plans all my life required me to pay for birth control pills. I paid $15/$25 mo for 25+ years. Grow up nothing is free.
The is is a first amendment issue, not forcing Little Sisters of the Poor to pay for your BC. Some birth control pills can be abortifacients
We love u Bernie
I’m sorry does the government provide men with free birth control? Explain the sexism part?
