Reagan- The best social program is a job.
Are you saying everyone should be guaranteed a right to a job? What method do you propose to achieve this goal?
You are entailed to nothing. America was build on handwork and cause and effect. Please re read maybe it would stick.
so Reagan's proposed social program was nothing whatsoever, just empty words?
Reagan suppose social program? Was jobs in the market for those who worked hard to get it.
but he didn't actually provide jobs. You said so yourself. By the way, what about those unable to work, or unable to work attanumusly?
I never said he was unable to provide work. Stop putting words in my mouth to fit your agenda.
This man restores my faith in politicians & humanity at large 
how by preaching 1930 socialist rhetoric. He think he is robbenhood. Steal from the rich and give to the lazy poor.
are you saying everyone who is poor is lazy?
No not saying. I am just saying that you that you don't care if they are lazy just if they are poor. I am just pointing out the socialistway
Are you then saying that no rich people are lazy?
It doesn't matter if they are lazy? It's still a no no to steal their money. Ask your mommy. i know its unfair that they are rich and younot
So you're saying reading comprehension & written communication are where you really shine?
First of all hello. Second of all it was a joke. Third I am limited by character but my point still stand. You want to steal the rich money.
If Trump and his minions continue we will never recover. Get them out first while working on the economic agenda second.
On what grounds. Is it because he has different views from you and that's wrong. Fascism from anon-fascist. I gasp.
I feel Trump should be investigated do to potential conflicts of interest, and the possibility of ties to Russia.
Ties to Russia that has not been found exempt him doing thing legally under his power. conflict of interest that doesn't affect the country.
A conflict of interest by definition interferes with your ability to complete your job appropriately.
And Perhaps the Russia ties are nothing. But I feel that what we know at least warrant an investigation.
Curse the 1%!!!
Thank you for caring and continuing the fight. #OurRevolution #StillSanders
He isn't fighting for you. He is fighting for himself.  Read up on his corrupt wife, currently under investigation for fraud. That's real
Jane being a poor college president has Jack to do with politics.
tell that to @TomPerez & @TheDemocrats based on results just like @realDonaldTrump they don't give a rat's patoodie about #WeThePeople
Why not give the poor a little bit of YOUR money!
According to their released tax returns, the Sanders give substantial donations to charities each year.
He paid 600,000 for that? He is as stupid as we thought & no they didn't use her inheritance he used left over campaign funds
oh listen to sophisticated real estate mogul who knows value without even looking at it -- also has access to J&B's financial records 
This some kind of weird Trump supporter who thinks Bernie his enemy for some reason
Bernie is a communist socialist. He talks about Russia collusion Where did he spend his honeymoon? Russia that's where.
He "spent honeymoon there" bc he was mayor of Burlington on goodwill trip to Sister City -- you've heard of SisterCity program in your cave?
Why is it legal to disrespect the president of the United States?
So no one has the right to the labor or services of teachers, librarians, public defenders, etc?
We don't pay doctors, we pay insurance companies.
to then not want to have clear cut battle run of blk conservs vs. blk dem go head-to-head that brought BHO in WH
Let's talk about fisa records over last 4 years shall we Bernie
As soon as we cut out the cancerous trump tumors we'll deal with the economic struggles.
The cancerous tumors are the economic struggles.
she's not naming anything within the government after in so
Said the man with no credible thought to help fix a thing.
You're trying to stay relevant while our country is on fire. Get lost.
He should be president. Country is on fire because DNC/Clinton collusion. DNC must choose... Olligarchs or Labor
Yes Bernie!
Comey Loves Howdy Doody https://youtu.be/JWdTXTyyD04 
Don't you think it is time for Americans to come together? President Trump is doing a fantastic job. They love him in Middle East.
People are struggling because of the corruption of Washington politics.
Then talk about real solutions instead of fake Russia and giving away freebies.  Neither are real.  Neither advance our American values.
Yes to Senator Sanders!
Wake up woman.
What in the hell do you know about the pain of the working class Americans? How many more homes do you need mr. Millionaire Bernie?
@SenSanders is fake news. No but really.
What about 55% voter turnout being a major cause of Trump being elected? Maybe the US would benefit by having compulsory voting...
Great to hear Bernie focus on the real issues since Trump has hijacked the country and the media.
Thank you Bernie.  Repubs. are trying to distract us with Trump's follies.  Medicaid is on the line!
Hell that's all you all talk about! You have no agenda except to obstruct. Guess you will just have to take another beating in 2018
Too late - the voters have lost faith in you already.  They voted for Trump
Extremely unlikely that supporters of Sanders voted for Trump. Also, Trump has the lowest approval ratings of any President in history.
Bernie changed after the convention! He has become a hot air DNC mouth piece! Many are over him!
...says the T rump mouth with bad breath. Or are u foolish enough to risk 4 more years of him by backing the oopsie email feemale?
Say what what want! We managed to get through 8 years of Obama! I will take my chances with Trump!
Yeah. You did pretty damn good in fact. And he didnt take your guns or turn America into the cess pool his gutting EPA will leave 4 ur kids.
Fuck you Sanders. And your breadlines.
What breadlines? The great depression had breadlines and it was caused by capitalism. It was ended by a socialist.
Please Lol go to a history class or talk to a historian. WWII ended the depression. Many historians even claim socialism made it worst.
Thanks for help my dude.
Naah no problem when I see bull crap lies I call it.
Real talk, who would be worse, Bernie or Clinton?
Its like choosing my less favorite poisons. Clinton because of the no fly zone thing because that could have led to war.
True. But you got Joseph Sanders over here taking about these handouts like they are rights and shit.
Man, I am sick of seeing you everyday yelling there. Just go back and stay at home please, you can't solve nothing. IMO
Yeah...and what are you doing about shit while Sanders is out trying to set things right for the most vulnerable Americans that need help?
well, would crying help? He is a public figure, got it right?
Karma is biting 45... A life time of shady business deals and abuse of power is finally catching up to him. It's a CRIMINAL investigation! 
Your wife is under investigation for fraud. And the American ppl supposed to believe YOU ?
You are to old and lost your marbles
It is Not about Trump. You are fighting because you lost and can't accept. The fact
When are you democrats going to accept you lost the election get over it.stop blaming trump for prevoius government fuckups and corruption

Bernie. Let's get back to tax breaks and get it done. Talk is cheap. Just do it!
Never stop fighting for us Bernie,c PLEASE. Our son has autism a ND I have pre-existing conditions that would not be covered under new law
Trump fans deriding the greedy Jew living in one of three opulent homes. Not like our humble honest Xtian POSUS Trump! Smh.
Or you mr sanders.    Did I hear you are retiring this summer?
Struggling because of the democrat policies and the failure that Obama is
#DNCFraudLawsuit #SethRich
#SHAWNLUCAS #SETHRICH #CLINTONBODYCOUNT
#Truth
STILL USING TAX DOLLAR TO PAY SOMEONE TO TWIT FOR YOU WE NEED AN IVESTAGATION INTO THAT
Easy for you in that free mansion you got from the dems
You right Bernie!!'n
I don't think you listen very well, Bernie. None of anything Trump has done thus far has been about Trump. Did Obam cut taxes? No!
Has Obama increased job killing regulations? Yes! Did he help keep  borders open to allow more drugs and crime to flow in? Yes!
Actually I am not sure why you haven't been voted out of office with your weird view of the world.
I strongly supported you Bernie until you got into the Clinton Cartel. You know the Clinton's are Corrupt, they pressured foreign Diplomats
Bernie.  Just shut up and go away already!  Had enough of your socialist bull
@SenSanders u r the one talking about trump- try offering solutions instead of bashing trump. U r a fraud that incites for votes.
Absolutely correct.....
it's not about Trump; it's about treason.
Still no mention of rigging Elections, @DWStweets LIES or protecting our votes. With riggers free we won't get our Ppl elected! @AJC4others
SHUT UP BERNIE AND GO TAKE ANOTHER PAYOFF TO SELL OUT YOUR CONSTITUENTS
#corruptDems don't care about the people. They only care about lining their and their friends' pockets.

Mr trump needs his expensive holidays - weekends away - to recover from his tough job ?
Guess I'm a millennial at heart then. It's horrifying what the baby boomer generation has done to this country & planet
Thankyou BERNIE the SENATOR from VERMONT. THE MAN WHO IS STRAIGHT UP THE SPOKESMAN FOR THE MAJORITY OF "WE THE PEOPLE of AMERICA!
Thank you BERNIE for making "the discussion only about Mr Trump"
I feel we can refresh our democracy for ourselves and in the eyes of the world by impeaching Mr. Trump.
Then Bernie, why do you keep talking about Trump? Everything you say is negative. You don't know what struggling is like!
Still the healthcare is not affordable and the deductible is too high. Many people hurt.
Mueller does not have our support. He is good friends with Comey & they worked closely together at the FBI.  He lacks independence!
Amen!
All well & good Bernie, but maybe you should be talking to Trump? He's the one who sends out tweets that overshadow all other conversations
Well stop fucking with him and let him do his job you commie POS!
How can people be struggling economically after eight years of The Savior Obama's policies?
There's a lot of pain floating around the country Bernie, it makes people bitter & angry. At least the pain has woken people up.
WE CANNOT FORGET ABOUT CROOKED HILLARY CLINTON,WHO SHOULD BY ALL RIGHTS BE LOCKED UP BEHIND BARS,ALONG WITH THE REST OF THE CROOKED DEMOCRAT
how about your wife bank fraud investigation hows that going baldy
Amen
They did it to themselves..broken humans needs fixing- before we can fix the country .
As long as Trump is in the White House the answer to all your questions is 'no.'
I'd take this seriously if you'd release your taxes and financials and if Jane weren't under investigation for bank fraud. #grifter
Don't forget that All Sanctuary Cities encourage Illegals to commit crimes knowing they won't be prosecuted, which endangers all
Like your wife under investigation for bankrupting a college.....
Then why don't you pay your fair share of taxes and NOT tax the lower income? Answer that!
It's a good thing that pain doesn't extend to you and your three houses, no?
Can't feel the Burn
Bernie I love you! you give me hope. We need more forward thinkers like you to get our country moving in the right direction.
Many of them voted for him. Could their  feeling it a bit educate their next vote?
If they don't have to. Everyone wants to enjoy their lives. No one should suffer. No one.
Your the best
thank you Bernie for not forgetting about those who need medical insurance. I do believe in medicare for all. No one should suffer
A government that guarantees anything to its citizens would be in $$ trouble during a population spike, just like social security rn
please stop  posturing for Democrats votes and fake news go trump administration
Right. Who keeps the statistics on the lost man-hours in America and the World since this presidency began? It could break all records!
Not all of us have 3 houses Bernie!
All you talk about is Trump.
Basic income is a necessity
Jane in prison yet for fraud at the University?
Yes, we could always discuss Bernie Sanders
Thank you Bernie, cause no one got screwed more than you.  And your right, Trump will run over ya'll if you don't look around.
Easy way to make that stop.... get rid of the orange bozo.
By now, you should feel as irrelevant as you actually are...
With the monster destroying EVERYTHING how can you not talk about him?
Thank you Senator!
Yes your right. This is why we need to lower taxes for everyone and reduce government overhead. This is why you saying this is ironic.
Keep on fighting mr Sanders for peopels rights
#SethRich #DraftBernie #Divest #DNCFraudLawsuit #FridayFeeling #JaffeForCongress #BlackLivesMatter #Wikileaks #WTF #Diversity #JulianAssange
You make me, proud to be.. an American ! Vermont strong .
Mr Trump? Or are you talking about Trumpty ?
Bernie you know as well as I do that the only thing people in this country are worried about is themselves not others
Explain.
Nobody is listening to Bernie Sanders right now... have you noticed? You know why? There's your problem.
It's kinda funny to talk about throwing people off of healthcare when you forced millions of them to purchase it in the first place.
Please, please stop talking.
thx for staying on message!
Suffering for all is the great end-game of socialism... By all means - let's aim high!
there is,already 24+ million without insurance because of high ass premiums you fucked old communist bastard.
the pain that Obama and Hillary Clinton inflicted. Obamacare is a,total disaster
Stand up and stop the socialist BS hippie!!
#GE2017 #Britain #Labour #DannyDeVito #JeremyCorbyn
You're a hero, Senator! Keep on fighting for the people!
Why hasn't Bernie filed his Senate Ethics financial disclosures? Doesn't want his subjects to know he's really rich
 http://www.youngcons.com/super-rich-socialist-bernie-sanders-still-hasnt-filed-senate-ethics-financial-disclosures/?ref=FacebookPost …
*Autistic Screeching Commences*
Have you no self awareness? Don't forget "the pain" while you constantly drum beat for basically a warrantless expensive investigation
Having FAIR primaries IS INCREDIBLY important to our democracy, Bernie!! More so than Russia, Russia, Russia!! And you IGNORE it.
Bern, HRC is a criminal elitist who has infected the DNC. Show her the same equal treatment the DNC claims to defend so vigorously.
Bernie Sanders, you are an awesome human being! Thank you for staying focused!
Bernie I love you but get out and fight
If you really believed the BS you spew would you have a $200K car and 3 houses? #hypocrite #fauxsocialist #swampdweller
And your solution to struggling American people? Raise their taxes.
The Trump trolls have taken a liking to you Bern. Must be doing something right. Trump's inexperience is just so painfully obvious.
You know what's worse than Trump loosing by 3 million? You Bernie loosing by 4 million You showed us who u were when you went against Ossif
Fuck off Bernie.
There are many discussions going on. I wish you would trying to be in charge of the DNC. If u really want to be a member chg ur affiliation
We are tired of politicians telling us how and what to think.
Was that your wife's concern ripping off Burlington College and bankruptung it? How many jobs lost due to her greed?
Agreed. Somehow we have to keep our eyes on what the Senate and House are doing.
My only lost faith is in people like u. Hypocrite

#bernie2020 Hypocrisy gave us Trump. #BernieSanders needs more $27 & likes t say "free" a lot. @DNC #indivisible #Progressives #Bernie @DNC
This comment needs more likes. I'm sure not voting Democrat anytime soon.
I won't be voting Republican. Democrats work well together...
By demonizing Bernie supporters? By shaming third party voters? By demanding our vote while being corporate puppets? I have to disagree.
Don't want your votes
#bernie2020 Hypocrisy gave us Trump. He is a GOP! #BernieSanders needs more $27! Line up young ones, he likes to say "free" a lot. @DNC
You are one of the reason why this country is in turmoil. Whatever you do you will not become president. DNC won't let u.
And Mr Trump is creating jobs & PASS THE TAX REFORM  so  business can grow & hire ppl
Bernie Sanders please shut the fuck up, we have Donald Trump and all this dysfunction because your poor sportsmanship and bruised ego!
WTF R U talking about?! Bernie didn't get Trump elected! Nor did he cause all the trouble that's going on in the WH right now.
Right on Bernie, the voice of reason. Thank you
Get off tv and actually do something. Other senators and reps are writing legislations.
We cannot forget that there are things that are important other than just the economy. You're a 1-trick pony. Time to retire.
Though, realistically the republicans are only looking to destroy gov, not solve problems, so by contrast Trump discussion is better... Sad.
It's been 5min....must virtue signal and ignore economics....
They say that hot air causes a balloon to rise.  Several million wonder why you're still on the ground! GOD will decide the outcome!
Gonna have to just keep digging. Success isn't always easy and it typically isn't given freely.
Lip service
You tweet against the pain of those struggling, as you call for policies that will push them into further despair.
YOUR RIGHT IT SHOULD BE ABOUT"GOP"NIXON"BUSH"TRUMP-MCONNELL-CRUZ-PENCE-RYAN"ETC"CONT SUB ACT,CITZ U,PATRIOT ACT,MIN21ACT ARREST TORTURE KILL
Translation: Why isn't anyone talking about me any more??
Love Senator Bernie Sanderrs,hes has the only right remarks to say to the people,can trust him and hes a good person,Admre him.
NO ONE TALKS ABOUT YOUR WIFE OR HILLARY , AFTER THE INVESTIGATION IS OVER ON TRUMP. I HOPE TRUMP TELLS THE FLOCK TO SCRATCH HIS " BALLS ".
Why don't you just do your job and help America?
That's not America while in same breath claiming DT is communist w/o merit! That's what's pissed America off&plenty more..So it's not abt DT
That's how nothing, once again, gets done for the American public!
It's saying America isn't Christian nation..knowing it is. We want our country 2 represent us not what u think it should b as socialist etc!
Not everyone is Christian. Why must it be shoved down everyone's throat? Believe what you want and let your neighbors do the same.
you have no case & get over it.. you know the main point is over 90% of America is Christian..& is known to be a Christian nation, #truth
It's going after any conserv/rep voices knowing #msm/dems is  mouthpiece 4 DNC & trying to destroy one news network as @FoxNews from within
when @StephenAtHome can #doubledown on statements but will demand the reps to apologize.
bc what platform could dems/#msm really run on w/o race baiting? It's the #doublestandards while dems/#msm gets pass
when that's not what most blk ppl even stand for as a culture but this race couldn't happen
It's knowing there are strong blk conservs/reps men & women #msm/dems dismiss
Not protecting borders then blaming us for not going along! Only wanting to use weak reps like @SenJohnMcCain & not listening 2 @SenTedCruz!
We all b struggling economically with u Mr Socialist. Ck out Venezuela
It's all the protest & demanding things that over 300 million ppl & those in other counties are not even wanting.
& many more w/o America's consent as PC etc...only wants to push same-sex on every level in our lives while seeking to sue innocent ppl.
It's when hollywood/#msm/dems weak reps as a combined effort to try & sway the #electoralcollege w/o America's consent
Will you people start war with North Korea?
The pain we feel was put on us by the lying,crying Dam Dems & people like you. Why do the Dems want s to destroy America?
...to ensure in your sick minds, it's ok to still do when we didn't vote for this on 11-8-16.
You @SenSanders/#msm/dems & weak ineffective made it abt DT &continues 2 do so bc everything we voted for is being slow walked intentionally
Yes those that struggle while you have how many houses again? How much did the Clinton Foundation pay you? 13% tax rate revealed from Maddow
The pain? The American "people" as you put it, you Nationalist crazy person, are the 1% of the world. How misguided could you possibly be?
Then, why don't you start by standing with the President. You are guilty of making it all about Trump. Shame on you!!!!!!!
Uh, no...you're wrong #WeThePeople never made it abt DT!!
Trump is just an evil clown used by the far right. DNC was too busy stopping the progressive candidate instead of him.
Please stop your pain... enjoy your life. You are missing the good stuff..
NOT HELPING!!!!!!
Bernie- Most of your tweets are anti Trump!!! What you don't understand it's against the 50 million voters who put him there! BERNIE = HATER
And your ideology only will only increase that pain
The issue is, though, with one party in power, we need to deal the latter so we can move onto the former.
We are sick and tired of the witch hunt against our President. It will be hard to ever elect another dem after the mess they have created
How about starting with the DNC election staff paying each other hefty bonuses that could have been donated to charity.
