Where are your amendments Bernie?  For all your complaining, I'm not sure what you are doing to actually shape this legislation?
You are correct. But I want more substance from Bernie than complaining. He owes it to the millions of supporters who put their faith in him
...and voted down hopefully.  This is so hard to watch the incompetence and evil at work against Americans. Daily.
I think so too. Their chance was yesterday and they ran like cowards. Take a look Tomorrow Rand Paul I think it benefits all of us.
Call your senators everyone!!!
Have u ever seen a single payer program where the government decides your fate? You have to be a communist.
Yes because places like Canada are communist. Stop with the B.S. rhetoric
U stop it,places like Canada run on Capitalist system.
We need a single payer option tho...
Go to ur name kuba, it's all there for u, why r u here?
Every time u fool mention single payer I'm going to remind everyone of this, and u want the best? You old communist.
The GOP has shown that it cannot be trusted with healthcare.  Going forward, Single-payer is the only viable long-term solution.
GOP knows enough not to go into single payer.
#DemocratsWhosWifeIsUnderFBIInvestigationForBankFraudSaysWhat?.@SenSanders #SkinnyBill
Go #Bernie, the government run single payer plan seemed to work well for the family in Britain that was told no more care for your child.
That was not a fiscal decision, more of a humanity/moral issue.
Let me understand this. It's moral to let a child die when the parents wanna try other options but it's immoral for me to want the Feds out
But people cried foul over the little girl in the states who is in a perm vegetative state, where they said there was no hope for 1/?
Recovery, staying on life support. The people crying foul didn't want her to suffer and those who said she was a drain in insurance cos 2/?
But yet,  now... now it's okay to raise up a very unfortunate and tragic thing to say "you monsters!" Hypocritical fullness at its best.
Both situations are unfortunate. The outcome doesn't change if government is or isn't involved.
Better without government intervention.
No Federal Government Socialized Healthcare! Repeal Obamacare and send healthcare back to the states!This is what will happen to children
Single payer is not socialized healthcare. The VA is socialized. All pd with govt checks. Govt owns bldg etc. Medicare is not socialized!!
It was a GOP #SetUp!
me after reading that meme.
BERNIE Sanders an Demorcrats doesn't give shit as long as  he can stir the pot up ! Follower are nothing sheep !
Gee I wonder what you will say?  Haha jk. Heard it a hundred times
Your whole career is a sham
GOP plans are terrible. People on ACA complain about high deductibles & increased premiums, skinny bill does nothing to curb that #voteNO!!!
To be fair you proposed a single payer claiming 1.3 trillion will pay 3 trillion in bills. Guess you are all bad at math.
You should have supported Russian sanctions! Why not??
Single-payer is not a sham.  This was Conyer's bill that Bernie claims to support.  The sham is the Democrats and Senator Bernie Surrender.

Single-payer vote for it
Bernie and Rand Paul of Kentucky only ones that voted no on sanctions
Oh forgot, which also targets, their shipping lines, railroad, etc. This is an Act of War for real. If Russia destroyed our shipping,its war
When was the last time you said or did anything positive?
What is the 411 on this amendment?
from what I can tell, nobody is likely to vote for it Including Bernie I think.
Isn't the amedment #hr676? What's the sham about it?
Thank you. But really, why CAN'T we expect every Democrat to vote for single payer? Time to join the 21st century. Or europe's 20th.
The Senate GOP are trolls for that. On a more serious note, THIS IS MY #HEALTHCARE YOU'RE PLAYING AROUND WITH!! #Obamacare #SinglePayer
Trump seems to be systematically undoing everything President Obama worked to pass.
Exactly!!!  Thats been his plan from the beginning
Democrats are ok with folks who fall off insurance rolls while strategizing to control the message  #SinglePayer
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_597925e8e4b0da64e8766f8c …
Not to worry, Bernie. It shouldn't affect your personal style of banking.
Not one single Democrat voted in favor of #SinglePayer in todays #SenateVote including @SenSanders
Vote #3rdParty

 http://www.businessinsider.com/senate-health-care-single-payer-vote-daines-amendment-2017-7 …

I just reviewed the text of Daines & Conyers bills and they are identical. I need to understand why you and Dems are not moving on it?
Socialist!
Please please tell them not to pass it. My understanding those who get it from work will also be impacted.
Ok, if amendment is a sham why not proposed a real plan like France, Japan or other viable plan? Senators owned by lobbyist is the sham?
You should push for single payer.
This link did not take me to an explanation of the Daines amendment. Whats the sham? #MedicareForAll
Daines amendment is BS. A ploy, anyone with a brain cell can see what the AH is doing.
Why aren't more senators pushing for single payer health ins.? We want Your health Insurance, Senators!
The effing Republicans can laugh. Laugh themselves right out of their seats.
@cspan So now @SenateDems & @SenateGOP are voting on Single Payer system? Might as well try.
GET HIM BERNIE!
kid rock 2020 wtf tour to the wh
Coming from Denmark and listening to Bernie, I simply cannot understand why the US does not follow best practice. Sadly "Money rules" 
Thank you, Senator. Your words always fill me with hope. God bless you.
Thank you for speaking out & speaking for the American people. This isn't healthcare reform. This is greed and cruelty.
Sham? Seems to me like he's calling your bluff. You should be supporting #SinglePayer
Single pay is the best viable option you pathetic complaining no solution whining career politician. Whose payroll are you on these days?
two defeats in two days, you have these GOP pukes on the ropes.
press hard for the closer.
and launch initiatives that cause them to play D
Let them have it Bernie !
Watch & act on everything. Esp these budgets. That how the deadly Repub Congress are going to really screw the poor and middle class.
In today's society healthcare needs to be a right. No more children and parents going without care dying because of the right
"Hindsight is 2020" 
Bernie for Prez 2020.
Charlie Gard
Call their bluff vote YES on the Daines Amendment. The text is the text of #MedicareForAll
I hope they can vote in the Senate floor for single payer healthcare. I hope  Bernie Sanders can be the candidate for president in 2020.
If Bernie doesn't vote for this amendment then we know he's not really in favor of single payer. In other words, he's a liar.
The only way to fix healthcare is to get the federal government out of it.
If you want a single payer medical system, beg your Senator to put you on VA care. Then you'll know what government run health care is like.
It's only sham because he did it before you
Bernie Thank you Thank You!! I just watched you LIVE on c-span. The Charts were EXCELLENT and your speech TOUCHED EVERY thing!! ON H. INS.
We love you Bernie
@SenSanders - you Rocked it!!!
@SenSanders @SenateFloor - "We are not talking about freedom to buy a yacht or mansion, we are talking about the freedom to LIVE!"
@SenSanders Maybe it is time to put #MedicareForAll on the floor
He voted present lol
British single payer kills Charlie Gard
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/charlie-gard-hospice-parents-chris-connie-yates-terminally-ill-baby-dies-gosh-high-court-judge-a7863156.html … 
#ThursdayThoughts
Skinny repeal probably won't fly in the house! Can't wait to hear any new ideas that won't benefit the rich and hurt the low income!!
Very sad that single payer is being used as a political tool rather than a legitimate option.
Way to make your point for healthcare for all!
We are coming for you Bernie
Just closed by saving the Dem's behinds "I will not vote for it unless the Republicans do" they owe you, Bernie. They better know it.
Speaking Shams has anyone every commented about your wife's sham ...I mean Fraud...wait I think I have. Bernie b a uniter not a divider
Damn Bernie you're all about single payer you must've realized we can't afford 3-4 trillion dollars a year
bernie, why not.
WE LOVE YOU, BERNIE!  THANKS FOR ALL YOU DO!!!!
Thanks for leading the fight for health care reform.
@Thom_Hartmann
the rule of law here is the constitution under the "law of the land" in that "the law is not to work the wrong." for all of the people.
Brilliant! "I won't vote for your troll amendment, but let me use this visible platform to explain my wildly popular single payer concepts."
Sham?!?!?...wow, how is thie decrepted human feces still a senator?

GO BACK TO YOUR MASTER HILLARY BERNIE!!!...YOU SOCIALIST COMMIE HACK!!
Sanders, you're complaining about the health insurance system.  Don't forget this is precisely what YOU voted for.
@SenSanders speech is beautiful.
Watching on CSPAN. Give 'em hell, Bernie! Examine the cost of health care before robbing Americans of coverage.
Listening on @cspan. Thx 4 fighting 4 the elderly, kids, disabled, poor/working poor. My MS drug $7100 per month. Extra saving help copay
Is there text on this amendment
The Pres. Wants money to build his wall. I don't see how this wall would stop anything.  People find a way to get in.  
Go get em Bernie
Bernie, I'm watching.  You lie and lie and lie.  You got your "statistics" from some left-wing group.  Just stop!
Speaking of shams hows wifey holding up?
Asks the trump supporter. That's rich.
Keep fighting. Fight harder than ever!!!!!
Before Obamacare Americans were paying $4,600 per capita under Obamacare It's $9,600  and under Medicare for All it'll be $16,000 per capita
You might try getting data from not out of your ass
Sorry I had a dysexic moment I meant before Obamacare Americans were paying $6,400 per capita. If you listened to Sanders speech he said>
that today's Healthcare per capita is $9600. Why doesn't Bernie ever say how much his Medicare for All will cost Americans??? Here's some>
US Healthcare History; https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Statistics-Trends-and-Reports/NationalHealthExpendData/Downloads/HistoricalNHEPaper.pdf …
Give em hell, Bernie!
The @DeptVetAffairs is single payer, run by our government.  @BarackObama barackand @BernieSanders berkley 64000+ vets die of neglect.
Skinny Repeal rewards GOP with fat lobbyists checks.
WOuld love to contribute $'s to put this speech on National TV for all Americans to listen too. It says it all.
This was a great speech. A lot of data, as Sen Sanders was strong and in true form. Please repost his speech here please.
Tax and spend, Bernie. We take your money in taxes rich or poor, even gold out of your month if we can. But he want your $$$ to control you.
dont want to listen to your lies bernie
Bernie doesnt fight for himself he let hrc walk all over him and he just accepted it. He is a fraud like his wife.
Are any politicians really working for the American people?? I have yet to hear them say anything about real health care.
How come Democrats don't have Obamacare if it's so good?
Let ME be clear. You are A DANGER to America. You are standing there lying with non facts or truths.
That Was the plan the whole time. Take out health care so government can take over and control what they want.
It's simple we wouldn't even be in this mess if not for democrats. They got what they wanted know you have to answer for it.
Hang in there and don't fall for McConnell's ploy to repeal ACA.  Repeal would be devastating on so many levels
You should propose single payer.  That's what you want. Govt can decide to kill babies like they do in England.
That's why you're not gonna take Medicare, right Willie?
There will be no socialism in the US
Thank you for your tireless efforts to expose political games and help the American people. #StillSanders #feelthebern
You mean like those guaranteed loans in Burlington. #sham
what is your opinion that Trump's regime wants go against VENEZUELA and his dedication to steal our Petroleum too?
Crazy Bern
No single payer period!
Shut up and sit down
I trust you to speak for me although I am a Wisconsinite.
Thank you for pointing out this trojan horse ammendment Bernie, we all see through their political BS
Will you Speakout against #PoliticalSpying by @POTUS44 or are you OK w @POTUS #unmasking You?
I wish you would introduce the real deal, Amendment King!!
. @SteveDaines you're a pathetic farce. I'm ashamed for Montana. Bernie, please keep fighting the good fight, for all of us.
Did you read about it in the Washington Post you keep stealing from your neighbor?
Just vote for it Bernie

UPDATE FOR CALLS: skinny now includes "1332 waivers." DC speak for letting states waive essential health benefits. Aka insurance gets worse. https://twitter.com/caitlinnowens/status/890595703885635584 …
I think you meant either 'wheezing' or 'whining'.
Thank you, Bernie!!

Socialism sucks.
Than you should move out of the US, as we have loads of it
Healthcare IS a human right, not a luxury.
If healthcare is a "right," then you have the right to conscript the services of doctors.  You do not have that right.
A Dr. takes a Hippocratic oath to provide care adequately for the sick. They're here to help us all. FOR PROFIT insurance denies that oath.

Retweet if you want media to cover Americans rising up to demand #SinglePayer! @cmaiduc @NatStClair
More than 43,000 people have signed on to my petition for #BernieCare with @ReallyAmerican1: https://actionsprout.io/13CC61  #singlepayer #CA12
