Retweet of Trump's speeches reminder you of 1933 Germany!
If Trump standing in front a gathering of Boy Scouts demanding their loyalty reminds you of anyone, like and retweet. #NazisTrump

Crazy Bernie, are you unaware healthcare is being debated right now? I know it's hard for you, but try doing something productive for once.
You are clearly frustrated that the youth of America can see the liberal lies at such a young age and it frustrates you. #MAGA
Your freaking nuts if you think  8-11 year olds have a clue or give a damn
@FoxNews @POTUS BREAKING NEWS - Dissatisfied With Being President, Confused Trump Tries His Luck As Comedian - up next.
You mean like the last president?
His entire presidency is the definition of outrageous
Leave
Now why should anybody that's an American citizen leave. Here's an idea, if your guy is so infatuated with putin , he can go there.
Sit on that thumb Snowflake. We are sick of your endless temper tantrum and violent tactics. Go fondle one of your seventh place trophies
You don't have to lie like your overlord to prove a point, cupcake.  No tantrum. No violence. Just truth. It hurts.
What are ANTIFA, BLM, Occupy my belly button etc? Du bist ein Doofus
Dang dude... uneducated much? Heehee
Bullshit
Just shut up.
The Boy Scouts love Trump and despise Obama. They probably also despise those who defraud banks, like you and the wife. #FeelTheBern
How in the world would you know that? Chump lier spreading the fake news of the day.
No they need to know what traitors you all are to the United States.
outrageously awkward & disgraceful to use that platform, in particular, to put anything but a positive message to KIDS!!!
If the country is a mess look at who is in control. Time and time again Trump is PROVEN to be a liar. Trumptards! Drink responsibly!
Trump n his poison must not be in the White House. 
Trying to fuck up our kids Now... Or is Trump just acting his true mental age.
Sure hope you didn't have kids we don't need anymore stupid people in the us
What's outrageous@SenSanders is how your wife milked that college dry all the way to bank ruptcy, and how you manage to pay only 14% inc tax
Too bad the POTUS doesn't get it. Once in a while you have to pat SOMEONE ELSE on the back. Boy Scouts should've been congratulated. Sad!
I rest my case
Yep Outrageous: "Never quit. Never give up. Do something you love....But when you do something that you love you’ll never fail. "
He is such an embarrassment
Nobody talkin about Russia now.
No they're just working quietly behind the scenes on that one.
From your mouth to g-ds' ears.  T finally got his distraction. 3 tries this time scouts, healthcare, Sessions. It seems like a distraction.
What do you think the word GOD will offend people?
No I think there are many interpretations on god. One version doesn't a rite all the letters. Another think there are more than one or
Is that all you have to say Bernie?  It made me sick to my stomach
What else do you want him to say? He condemned the act.
Yes he is, but his response to the jamboree fiasco seemed skimpy.
Really? I thought it was fine.
And then having the audacity to say they called & thanked him. He's the new poster person for histrionic personality disorder!

The man has no sense of his duty as president his idea of scouts are Trump Youth  all hailing him
Why hasn't this man been impeached yet? Such a disgrace!
Trump the #westie says you are to kind. It was deplorable. question what kind of Top Dog would give such speech.someone unworthy of office
Trump's massively crude and vulgar speech at the Jamboree was a gross abuse of power. He should be ashamed of himself but not possible.
Truly ridiculous and shows clearly his ineptitude.
A chance to influence young pliable open minds... how could he pass that up... #Nazism #scaryasF***
Yuck, gets worse every day:(
Sad that BSA leadership seeks to indoctrinate kids for #radicalright.
What I disgrace for a president to come to a Boy Scout Jamboree and talk politics to kids. Sad so sad
You are obviously a racist
Outrageous to be the only country on the planet that still uses inches and pounds. Even the British have given up inches, pounds and BTU's.
You being a senator is outrageous!
Very disappointing 
Deplorable
No worse than you talking your madness to brain washed university students.
He insults the very concept of scouting. He is an international shame.
your Tweet was quoted by @mashable
I agree. Ridiculous.
Trump is an Ass
He's an embarrassing stain on our country. I'm truly scared at this point.
I voted 4 U once. Would do it again in a heartbeat
I saw more adults than kids. and they loved it didn't you hear them. I loved it to. President Trump is what America needs. Move over pal.
#MAGA
Everything he does is outrageous! Needs to go,please impeach
He's beyond disgusting and so desperate to try to stay in office for another term. Why the hell?! is he still even here
Bernie, as an fellow independent I have admired your fire, but now is the time to lead the country to action, not just endless talk.
who is going to put something over this man mouth
So is your relevance, Bernie..
The president, if that is what you want to call "it". Is absurd. He has no decorum. He is an idiot. Can anyone think his behavior is right?
He has a mental issue.
Me and all my brothers were scouts. This is outrageous and despicable. A horror and a narcissistic demegog, who worships himself.
Outrageous behavior. This guy is absolutely insane.
Tell him he is a true disappointment to the real American people impeach him!!!
#berniebankfraud
When we think that he reached the bottom, he can still dig and dig and dig...
What the hell is wrong with this man?
He's one gigantic animated fungus
On that note I'm curios as to why @BarackObama was not ever invited to speak there?
He was invited, they invite every sitting president. Obama sent a video message to them. He did not show up cuz gays were still banned

But pumping kids full of hormones when they play with a doll is okay
It's indoctrination, that's what it is. Repeat Trump's buzz words often enough & they'll believe it.
more stupid than outrageous. Kind of sad and pathetic.
Foul smh
This man is leading US into an abyss.....the world collectively is united in this one opinion
Trump is an idiot
you could at least feign some semblance of disgust about the Awan Brothers helping the DNC steal your voters and $$ amongst your Trumprants
You should start your own group. Call them the Brown Shirt Socialists.
And did you notice how much they liked him? Priceless.
That's just messed up
@diegospr21
Perhaps he should give a speech to you democrat children in the senate.  You schmuck!
PSYCHO PSYCHO PSYCHO 
You and your kind have done nothing but politicize the scouts!
What do you care. Dems have hated on the scouts for years! Hypocrites!
Trump has NO CLASS NO GRACE NO "COOTH" NO FINESS! He is just CRASS!
My brain exploded. Again.
He is outrageous.  Sad!
Boy scouts were being attacked with lawsuits all throughout Obama's administration for not accepting GIRLS. Anything is a step up from that.
45 trampled on a legacy of tradition
...could you all just agree to leave BSA alone? All these asinine discussions about ACA etc. when BSA is non-political & non-partisan.
Sickening
BERNARD... DIDN'T SEE A LOT OF KIDS IN THAT SPEECK.. KERP UP THE HALF TRUTHS.. THEY ARE SOCIALISTIC IMPLOSIVE

That's righ, 8 years of the pussification of America is over. Get used to it Bernie. On your knees for the Clintons again. #draintheswamp
Somebody needs to wash his mouth out with soap perhaps if he had discipline as a child he would be a better person instead of a liar
Trump is outrageous 

It was a great speech to me.
He is one funny dude
I don't think you've heard about this tremendous thing called, oh I don't know, the Hitlerjugend! Trump is bringing back the good old days.
It is an embarrassment to claim I'm an American. It is a shame that a crazy person is POTUS, crazy Russia had everything to do with it.
Pls tell me there will be light @ the end of this deep dark tunnel? This can't be the America we know and love!
Pathetic, looser. I would have been pissed.
Bernie, kids are much more political aware than you think,sure a lot will follow their parents, but many will be impressed by seeing POUS
The outrages rhinos professional official thought it was beutiful speech,& made change ther mind 2 a yes on healthcare,DUMB!
Worse than the passive idiot (which was Yanukovych in UA) can be just as active as this one
I would have loved it if Trump talked cutting the EPA there. That would've brought the idiocy full circle.
It was damnable. An outrage.
Hello brown shirts. Another chilling development.
Your hypocrisy as a socialist is the most outrageous. Sell your vacation homes.
We need to fix this problem that's for sure!
Bernie, at least Trump was asked and accepted to give the speech.. jealous?
"Outrageous" is not the word, sir. "Appalling" is closer.
I could not believe what was coming out of his mouth!! Trump has lost his mind!!
When does the impeachment start? Be a hero Bernie!

TRUMP LIED TO BOY SCOUTS -again bragging about his win EVEN THOUGH RUSSIANS AND WIKI LEAKS WERE RESPONSIBLE FOR TRUMP's WIN!!  LOCK HIM UP!!
So disheartening
Love Bernie!
It was never going to be anything but outrageous! Let's hope this shit doesn't get normalized.
The outrage is that Scouts Leadership not only let #Trump fill the minds of kids with his self-obsessed bile, but they applauded throughout
How fate he talk to young people. IMMORAL!
So disturbing!  This man needs serious mental health counseling and has to be removed from office immediately!
I agree
Shut up bankfraud maybe u can give a lecture on frauding banks to them
I agree Senator Sanders. I watched the speech.  It was totally inappropriate and unpresidential.
Did you see the looks on the faces of the men around him during the Boy Scout Hustler Story Hour? Creepy Creepy Creepy Pervs.
Only Bernie will do.  #Bernie2020.
Just bc didn't take himself physically out of his pants doesn't mean it wasn't that bad. It was entirely that bad & morally victimized kids.
I was there. It was total bs
His masturbatory use of the Scouts Jamboree for politicoerotic stimulation was disgusting and immoral. Unconscionable.
yep
What? There is a Yuge difference here.  Hitler's comb over was to the side, trump's is to the rear.
I can only imagine the toasts he'd give at family functions. Lmao
Was he expected to talk about Hotels and Golf Courses ? Maybe he should have had a democrat write a boring speech for a TelePrompTer.
What a disgrace of a president we have. It saiden me knowing this country is going downhill so fast... so sad so sad
I can't stand this man. Trump is such an idiot
no you being a socialist in our amazing country is is what's outrageous.
Tes your millionaire wife wouldn't like boyscout's
Stupid is as stupid does!
Worthless Trump!
He just proved to some what I've known for years. He is a vile despicable excuse for a human being.
Not really, I was wondering when he was going to begin indoctrinating our youth towards his agenda
This was so disgusting. Boy Scouts of America should answer for this. Parents around the country are outraged.
Disgusting!
That was a very childish question " did President Obama ever come to a jamboree?" Your crowd can not vote...
Fraudulent banking and bankrupting a University is far more outrageous. #BankFraudBernie
Bern you know what outrageous. When you spit and stutter and promise free college for everyone .
Bernie can't you guys do something to get Trump out before he totally ruins our country?
Made me think he was trying to create his own version of Hitler youth. Disgusting.
Your guy never even showed up!!!!!
Having a socialist in congress is outrageous!
Merit badges? Politics? Hiring? Firing? ABILITY to make what memorable? What percentage of whose speech regards non-controversial success?
@SenSchumer @HillaryClinton @POTUS @USSupremeCourt @Scotus #UNSC ...seek & offer requested remedies. Cite examples of the success you want

STAY TUNED! ; (
He shouldn't be allowed to speak to kids ....
He's an embarrassment to our nation. Goes to show you that money can raise a person's class level but it doesn't make you classy.
Outrageous isn't the word for it.
Outrageous is now redundant in regards to 45
Kids need to know whats going on if you what there vote when they turn 18 thats why you got in office bc of the uninformed
So terrible!!! He should be removed from office just for that, alone!! Enough! #fraudTrump
Despicable and insane
If Donald Trump was poor no one would pay any attention to him.  He'd be washing my windshield. Americans think rich men are attractive
Trump's Boy Scout speech was outrageous, but it was typical Trump behavior.
The reason why we have so many crazies on our street today it's because you liberals shut down all the insane asylums 35-40 years ago
Sucks I want the Abomination American Dream where we will all be on welfare that's exactly what the criminal left want
He has one gear. That's it.
your continued presence in the political conversation is outrageous. 

go to a bingo parlor where your shouting may be of use to someone.
Bernie, you are constantly giving speeches to high schoolers. Of course, at least you are in your intellectual depth with them.
If he talks like a Dictator, acts like a Dictator, and admires those who are Dictators, the man is definitely a Dictator. #ImpeachTrump
I was shocked when Trump worked in praise for his friend w/ the big yacht


U r just jelous u can't get there first. 
He does that because his fans get fired up... likely send contributions
Obama never did that so shut the hell up Sandra I mean Sanders
MOST OF EVERYTHING HE SAYS OR DOES IS OUTRAGEOUS
It's just about big claps isn't it? The trouble with narcissists is that you have to give them some attention. You can't ignore them.
Why the he'll is 45 giving a political speech to the Boy Scouts? Maybe he wants a go fund me started for his stone bust on Mt. Rushmore?
