
Sanders for president!
Bernie is too old to run for president and besides he is a socialist (right next to communist)!
You don't know the difference between socialist and communist.
So,  more fake news?
Two pea-brains in a fraud. What could possibly go wrong?
I think ,unless the Russians get their way,Biden-Sanders would crush Trump in 2020 & send him back to Moscow subway selling flammable ties
The climate has been changing since the beginning of time and will until the end of time!
Dont forget to wear your boots!
Got anything to offer about Russia?
Strange silence senator...
It's summer, it's warm!...
FYI - A good read !!!
Oh two of the most irrelevant people talking about a irrelevant and untrue topic 
Seguro que a @LudovicusER le interesa esto! ;)
Buenísimo!! Mil gracias tio!!
Two quacks
I think the 2 of u make the perfect presidential candidates!
For what country??
Maybe because 24.000 cubic kilometers of ice doesn't melt in an instant?
I didn't know about that. This is a long-term relationship between us and the Earth. The affects of our actions will be felt in 50 years.
Only God controls the climate!
What "world" do you live in?
The one that my actions have consequences.

The one that I don't blame a god for every bad thing that I was too dumb to stop
wow 2 of my fav ppl 

intelligence and courage are funny to you? sad.
Intelligence? courage? Please explain.
Where 2 morons meet to lie to the sheepoeple  if they believed in the b.s they would lead by example
@electprogress @algore
WhenWillYou put #SinglePayer on the floor of Congress, so CBO can score it? When will you #FeelTheBurn

Still traveling in your private jet, Mr. Gore?
The Lefts false Climate Change agenda is pathetic!  The Sun along with r earth's internal volcanic process drive weather
Cannot understand how you can both sit up there talking nonsense to each other; "inconvenient truth" was already refuted by British courts
Bring in the MIT SCIENTIST AS A PANEL MEMBER. Bernie is not a scientist or climate change expert
How do you square the lies he told in An Inconvenient Truth ? to what he says today???
Would that be the same Al Gore who warned of a "true planetary emergency" by 2016?
That would be him im suprised after that prediction he would dare show his face ha ha what a joke he is
(i.e) Dumb & Dumbest "the sky is falling" or "Run! That clouds gonna get me!" #JOKERS
Great talk. Peace!
Most counter " arguments " against cliamte change in this thread boil down to science has already been wrong about global cooling
What happened is that earth would have resumed its ice age , but human activity has prevented that
#hypocracy #greenwashing

Hoaxes gonna hoax
You know what happened ? The current ice age should have resumed , but human activity has prevented it
Tell me more about how my pickup truck prevented a global ice age 
Land is not a myth, I have seen it.
Oh yeah, ask him how he survived the 'Global Cooling' hoax of the 70's. http://scienceblogs.com/gregladen/2013/06/04/the-1970s-ice-age-myth-and-time-magazine-covers-by-david-kirtley/ … ALWAYS stealing tax payer money. #SmallGovt
Two twits 
I hope this is archived, as I refuse to use @facebook (they track everything and encourage arguments between family / friends)
That should draw at at least a couple hundred people. Will you be discussing the recent revaluation regarding false data?
talk about scamming America's out of millions of dollars via the wealth distribution via the Paris accord. Laughable.
Bernie Sandersさん

Live now: @AlGore sits down with #Bernie to talk ◯◯ change.

Thank you very much

@SenSanders @algore
Bevis and Butthead meet on CC!
Don't forget your scuba tanks! Get it? B/c the coastal areas are supposed 2 b underwater by now? #GloabalWarmingHoax #CarbonTax #Globalism

Two great deceitful deranged minds coming together. Should be very revealing to the intelligent, and be false hope for the ignorant follower
Bernie when are you going to throw your support behind a new leader who will carry on with your vision. Surely you are not going to run?
Squad goals 
Big fan but you're above speaking in the 3rd person 
You don't think that he actually tweets do you!? BTW, we are ALL muted, so pretending to praise this loon falls on deaf ears. #NoSpecifics
Quick quiz: Why did 'they' change from gloabal warming to climate change? BTW, in the 70's this was the 'problem'. http://scienceblogs.com/gregladen/2013/06/04/the-1970s-ice-age-myth-and-time-magazine-covers-by-david-kirtley/ …
UNFOLLOW
I don't follow him.
He just shows up on my TL, here & there.
I'm so sick of him.
Private jet to the meeting?
Would rather hear about this FBI investigation into you and you're wife for fraud there Bernie !! LoL
BOT
For full disclosure wld be good for Al to strt off by telling everyone abt his vested financial interest in CC & how he has made millions
