F them and their Sanctions The entire World should put Sanctions on the #USA and end their reign of terror #Syria #iraq #iran #russia #china
Uneducated nonsense. Bahaha!
Hear it from me_a lib/voted Hillary
Dont let Dem fandom blind u
READ https://worldaffairs.blog/2017/05/09/us-and-allies-created-funded-armed-isis/ …
http://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/2016/02/18/the-media-are-misleading-public-syria/8YB75otYirPzUCnlwaVtcK/story.html?event=event25 …
We need to investigate all links to the Sanders's campaign and Iran.  Obviously a stooge for the Iranians.
Its call diplomacy.  Finesse.  Those things the world warned against Trump for not having any knowledge, ability, capacity for intellectual
It's what winning looks like.
Winning is like Allies on V-Day. What we have is a cluster of scandals and backdoor foreign dealings. I don't know that votes weren't hacked
Bernie is obviously an agent of Iran.. Seditious left wing traitors..
Obviously. Walk us through this obvious treason.
He spent today defending IRAN... SICK LEFTIST LOSERS...
Calm down bruh.  Could say the same for Russia
@Amircmpt 

Best day possible!
Arabs attack enemies on highest holidays w zero fucks given about religion n honor!
Berns a FOOL!
Iran gets attacked by ISIS & we shouldn't push for further sanctions, albeit ignoring the fact Iran is the biggest state sponsor of terror?!
What r u talking about? Read. Don't repeat every bullshit u hear on TV. Iran isn't sponsoring terror. That's just propaganda..
A few of us are switched on to the most elusive truths smothered by mainstream Mass Media.  US black ops, Israel and Saudis  out terrorize U
Thank you Sir.
Bernie was the answer. I'm so sorry more people aren't caring about what happened. We're such a shitty nation honestly.
The important thing is that my lovely friends on Twitter like yourself care, and I am really thankful that you took the time to message me 
You make me laugh. You approved a pay off to Iran of billions now we have to push them back? You need to quit riding the fence!
If only this man became president
Fortunately, he never did or ever will. Socialism has no place in a Constitutional republic.
Go check up what does "socialism" mean.But of course, for Real American Patriots any mention of, let's say, free healthcare, is being commie
I am as patriotic as any Trump faithful.  But I believe in free health care for Americans.  We rank 37th in health care. I'll pay up 4 Tm US
Vilification of Iran by our corporate mass media and politicians is part of our daily feed at the propaganda trough.  I believe the opposite
you expect tact from a guy who attacked London Mayor right after the attacks?
To hell with Iran. Who's side are you on anyways?
we Iranians want regime change. sanctions are good. i am an iranian and im happy.
از عكست معلومه از كجا صحبت مي كني. لعنت بر كمونيسم. درود بر نظام سرمايه داري
I respect a lot of your positions. I appreciate this. But don't worry, we are accustomed to the U.S. aggression & senseless acts toward Iran
@OurRevolution This is a powerful speech! Thank you Bernie!
Every democrat in the Senate voted for these sanctions. 1 Independent stood with former Sec. of State Kerry & Under Secretary Wendy Sherman.
What is wrong with you? Have you lost all common sense that Iran who chants Death to America you wouldn't put sanctions on? Nut
Thank you from all iranian 
It means lot for us
We talk about humanity and people not politician, iranian people love america and other country,
 We pass this if be together
STABILITY PEACE &PROGRESS  in the WORLD URGENTLY ineed of aNEW NARRATIVE NOT Cold war one as Democrats want with Russia or Saudis with IRAN.
There are powers that always must have a war as the US&an objective evaluation  of the outcome ALWAYS have been negative  nowNEW NARRATIVE
Iran and ISIS are enemies in a crazy conflict inside radical Islam. You cannot condemn ISIS and support Iran.
Why does @SenSanders want to protect Iran> our biggest enemy in the ME and the world's threat to use Nukes without justification??
The Trump administration should stop sabotaging Obama's Iran deal
the #IranDeal is #Wrong! @POTUS needs to #EndIranDeal #AnotherObamaDisaster

Any day is a good day to for sanctions against Iran.
Yeah but surely by now we all KNOW that America is Pro-ISIS. Connect the dots.
You're colluding with Russia!!! DERP!
Every day is a great day to sanction Iran. #Murder #Terrorism
#bbcqt has got a pretty right wing audience tonight - they are cheering anything the two Tories say even though most isn't true, frustrating
Same as last Friday. Think Mays battle bus rent a crowd has been shipped in.
It's annoying me. People are cheering the Tories after recent events? Disgusting.
Ties to Iran? Collusion? We need a special council to investigate.
The more Iran moves towards democracy, the US calls for more sanctions. Does the US intend to ever normalize its relations with Iran?
Obama gave them billions ... in cash, plane loads of money - you never said a word
Thank you so much sir  appreciate your sympathy .. like it 
Bologna, they are terrorist who hate Americans
Is there a possibility of ISIS coming in through Iranian emigres? That is the question.

#USA #UK are #ISIS we #trained and #supplied them with #weapons of #mass #destruction #usaWarMongering #middleEast
We all have to stand up for #motherearth
C'mon Bernie, ISIS is mainly Sunni, Iran is mainly Shite, they have been fighting for about 1,500 years: nothing significant there.
That is literally crazy.
what are the exact grounds for more of these stupid sanctions anyway??
Exactly what a bought and paid for shill would propose.
When will we find out whether the U.S. has ever supported "moderate" ISIS type groups and when will we ever know their civilian death toll?
Only one way to construe that statement. @SenSanders has snapped and supports the country that leads the world in sponsoring terrorism
Thank you...
SHAMEFUL Democratic  party&Trump's political opponents  instead to ask for anEXPEDITE definition ofRussia's affair insist in delay it+CHAOS
NO America&the Whole world can't continue being HOSTAGES of the Democratic party&political opponents  of Trump in order to FIGHT terrorism.
I supposed you'd rather we send them plane loads of cash so they'll like us? Not just a fool. An old fool.
And you have a better idea, right. Who does the thinking for you crooked Hillary?
IRAN is the #1 state sponsor of terror.  That list, despite his deals, was upheld by your old boss - Barrack Hussein.
Are you serious?  What do you recommend?
Na, they're the enemy. Kick em when they're down, kick em when they're up. Never send pallets of cash.
#Karma is a bitch! #Iran is now reaping what they've been sewing for decades! #FuckIran they deserve every misery they get! #StandWithIsrael
Why do YOU love Iran Bernie?  That summer home you got from Hillary, does it need a swimming pool?  Is that why?
Why didn't you stop Obama ? You are a hypocrite and con artist
Thoughtful,Reasonable,Praiseworthy actions from trump!?Unlikely.
 This president consistantly is doing the opposite of what needs to be done
Unless lying warmonger in chief wants to have another deflection? Yep that's the root
Wrong!
What a stupid statement. Thank God you're not in the White House.
But only now, so laughable. Should've happened years.
stop worrying about hurting terrorists' feelings
Non-sequitur much?
Why not another $1.8B?
RT
#DraftBernie #DNCFraudLawsuit #FBIdirector#DEMEXIT #SethRich #BREAKING #COMEY #ActOnClimate #Corbyn #TYTsucks #PrimaryNeoLibs #GE2017
To whom you are addressing??? The empty chairs????
Yeah by all means...we can't sanction those who have killed so many Americans
Clueless. Do you read what your write or hear what you say? You are seriously delusional. Unreal.
There is never a bad time to enforce sanctions against Iran.
Sanctions dont matter for them.they are well developed to be independent
What kind of sense does that tweet make? 'On a day when.......'. Stupid is as stupid does.
STOP using ISIS for Islamic State terrorists. Lazy and irresponsible. U r bullying thousands of girls named Isis
Tthank you mr sanders
جناب آقای سندرز از دیدگاه شما و همچنین قدر دانی جنابعالی نسبت به همدردی مردم ایران در خصوص 11 سپتامبر بسیار سپاسگأارم.
Iran is with Isis which is Israel .look at the timing . When cut off , they show they are being attacked . What utter hypocrisy
Thank you so much for standing up!
Insane senile man.
Do you ever check the facts before you speak or just rattle off what someone wrote for you..?
Why? what did they do for us when we were attacked, other than Chant Death to America?
Bernie we got to hold all these hearings first
Iran gets attacked by ISIS, Iran feeds ISIS, now is the perfect time SOUL SELLER!
If only there were more people like Sen. Sanders in US government, the world would be a better place.
Why not?
As usual, you are wrong. Get a clue man.

How about we don't impose sanctions on Iran ever, considering they only hurt the people of a country and not it's leaders.
Too bad the sane Americans are the minority in power
Thank you so much Mr Sanders. I believe that you know the real terrorism supporter is Saudi Arabia. We love people of USA  
When would the time? Their leadership hates this country and would wipe usboff facebof earth if they could
No wonder why even the democrats didn't want you as a candidate
Nut job...grow up
You truly are a gentleman. Thank you
Thanks, Bernie!
Iran still committed to wiping out Israel, supports terrorism and continues to move forward to build operational nukes. Duhhh
Why on Earth not? C'mon, Bernie. What's the REAL reason?
thank you Mr Sanders for your support and motivation.
You defend mullahs terrorism with this tweet and mullahs in parliament are chanting dead to the USA, shame on u
What if it is a setup by Iran govt to make them look innocent?
Thank you sir, from an Iranian.
You are out of your mind.
Thank you Sen. Sanders, just FYI , my country is not called "EyeRan", it is called Iran, exactly as it is written 
Agree with holding off with Iran sanctions. How many other senators have both a heart and a brain?
Iranians stood beside us and mourned beside us on 9-11 and when it came time for us to show the same compassion we FAILED beyond measure.
Iranians heard your message Bernie, you rose to the occasion and became our collective voice for this issue. The Senate have disgraced us.
But Christians are fair game, no, Senator?
#Iran too is victim of this Israel plan https://leaksource.wordpress.com/2015/01/17/the-yinon-plan-greater-israel-syria-iraq-and-isis-the-connection/ … that costs $Tril of US $$ on wars as US cities rot #DumpIsrael
You have a point. I think that the day Isis is attacked, we should also not go against Isis on that Day #Nocommonsense.
No why not send them billions Bernie
How much did the Mullahs pay you to back their illegitimate dictatorship?
Bad guys in prison, having a bad day should be let out until they recover, us this what you are saying senator sellout
Biggest supporter of chaos. Hit them HARD and hit them OFTEN! NEVER let up.
It is EXACTLY the time!
You're lovely, logical and understanding as always. Peace upon you Bernie. As an Iranian, I enjoyed your speech.
You have lost your mind!
Really Bernie??
thank you for your consideration.
You're crazy!!!
Agree with you on many not this one  , need to be smarter ...
Thank you Senator for the recommendation you have offered to the President. I wish we had more of you in the Senate....
Huh?

JUNE 7 #Predictions Pertaining to a hidden fall, a hidden prostration or being beat against from a hidden direction. http://jdcpredictions.blogspot.com/2017/06/jun0717-pertaining-to-hidden-fall.html … 
Iran has poured billions into terror groups but lets be nice to them
What Planet is #Bernie living on?
What?!?
Do you have a brain?
Traitor
The great thing for America is that all these demoncats are old and will soon pass. MAGA
Then shut up and abstain.
My ass . Iran is as bad as isis they are just the flip side of the same Islamist coin
Iran supports Terrorism & Muslim Pussy Ass Barack Obama or whatever his Kenyan born name is let them get away with it  Those days are over !
YES I AGREE TRUMP GOT IT WRONG AGAIN!
Thank you for your courage.
Tomorrow or the next day when another terrorist attack occurs, should we give ISIS a pass because it was Iran? Two evils dont deserve mercy
Get classified intel on Iran. Attack was likely coordinated with allies as part of broader regional business strategy
Why are you always wrong?  #Bernieburnout
Resign, pack ur bags and move to Iran.
Wow...so easy to see why you've been an ineffective senator for all these decades.
As an Iranian I just wana say thank you and I'm so sorry that you're not the president
You push the RUSSIAN narrative, but provable fuckery by the DNC your silent 
#dncfraudlawsuit will dismantle Democrats. #Demexit continues. Cheats will lose.
are you shitting us?
I am so sorry that you have to stand up to the buffoons in the Republican party. I am grateful for your hard work in Washington.
you would've made a great president @SenSanders #2020 #TehranAttack
Oh, yes, it definitely is.
I love you Bernie #ethics #compassion #human
trump just wants dead people and control of all the world's oil,it is always about the oil Bernie
No one is more wrong on foreign affairs than you, Bernie. You did great job in Burlington. Stick to that stuff
Why were you silent for the innocent victims in Iran protest against election fraud at that time  killed by terrorists Islamic Republic?
Oh poor Iran. Feeling sorry for the largest sponsor terror getting back what it does to the rest of the world Bernie?
Stop campaigning hypocrite, you lost once---retire.
Iran has started to move in right direction and you don't like.? They have elected moderates & they respect American way of life.
Any day is a good day to go forward on this.
When innocent people of US were direct victims of 11th September attack plenty of people were lit their candles with hatred of terrorism.
@The_HappyNoodle
You are WRONG! GO RETIRE TO 1 OF YOUR 3 HOUSES!
Youre right but try to convince the corrupt warmongers! You are the only one with any common sense Bernie!
ISIS brought to you by the Saudis and the good ol US of A!!
thank you.
Nonsense
Thank you man⚘
Mr@sensanders:please accept our people thankfulness because of these statements. Our people want to fight against terrorism#ISIS
It seems as if Bernie' account  has been hacked !
Sanction Saudi Arabia instead!
Thank you Senator. Wish @POTUS had your compassion
WHAT?Haven't you heard about what Iran is doing in Syria and in Iraq? Or the Mullahs' crimes against their own people ? Feeling  the burn??!
Okay, wait until tomorrow and then sanction the hell out of them
You go Bern.  Just like you support the antisemitic Corbyn for Britain's PM.  True Muslim terrorist loving shows through.
