Quick, Bernie. Tell us how we PAY for it all.

Go!!
He's explained it a million times.. taxes
We pay for it with our taxes here in the UK & until recently it worked perfectly fine. No reason why it can't work for you guys in the US.
And another thing we blow $680 billion a year on bombs so Europe doesn't have to.
That's your problem, worth noting that the defence spending is increased. UK can defend itself decently enough anyways.
Exactly my point. Stay out of it.
Whatever you say. Personally I couldn't give a damn if you'd defend us or our continent or not, your choices.
We don't need policy prescriptions from the NHS advocates across the pond. "It worked for awhile" ya most socialist policies work for awhile
Please educate me as to how corporate welfare is sustainable and benefits anyone but the very richest. Thx 4 tweet redux
So per the status quo, this includes the pharmaceuticals, insurance companies and all those who lobby for them.
Trickle down economics is a sham.  People are engaged and paying attention, and calling their reps! Debate import tho:-)
It couldn't be more connected.  https://trofire.com/2017/05/01/inventor-trickle-economics-says-trumps-tax-plan-dead-arrival/ …. I guess we move forward with the debate. 
Senators Maria Cantwell and Patty Murray have received a phone call from me, urging them to support the bill.
Are you going to go on Medicare too?
Meanwhile the GOP is going to try repeal again, :(
Just like in the special elections in Oklahoma and New Hampshire yesterday!!! Wait...What.
Oh we shall see, we shall definitely see. #BlueWave

I lose my insurance and you and Dems will lose more. Clear?
How much do you pay for your insurance right now? Think about your bills on top of that? I will do this gladly.
Poor people on it now hate it. The only ones that like it are the ones that can pay the extra $$$ for supplemental coverage.
Single-payer=less spending after not paying insurance=Not being enslaved by debt after medical circumstances=freedom. Good>bad
More  money out of my check  to illegals  and rufugees muslins
Mr free
Another waste of time/they could be getting rid of the Obama disaster healthcare/replacing/starting new/but oh no now we
Waste time again!
No!!!
and what about right now? What about ACA? I need ACA. I don't need it 10 yrs from now after we've debate this to death.
Mr Sanders, u did a commendable job by declaring health as fundamental right of Americans. it was highly desirable
Keep your government hands off my healthcare and out of my pockets
Then swear off Medicare forever. People like you are why this country can't have nice things.
#FeelTheBern, as he reaches into your back pocket to steal your wallet. #Theft
Comments in this post make me realize how brainwashed or bought off some americans are.
32 trillion dollars of freedom.
Right on, Bernaaayyyy! #MedicareForAll Anyone asks "Where do we get the money?"
If this happens, and it won't, people will be begging for O-Care.   This will be a sh*t foot long, not just a sandwich.
He's 80 he doesn't care if america goes belly up in 10 years,,it's all about bernie
If Trump really wants to repeal and replace the aca, here's his chance
No
280MIL Americans enjoy providing 4 themselves! We dont want 2B on WELFARE! Dems want to enslave w Welfare prgms #notoWELFARE #slavery #MAGA
Have a banana Bernie
Bernie Wants 'Medicare For All.
Personal experiment: 
Call DRs' offices asking to become a new patient on Medicare, see if you are accepted.
No. Medicare has to be paid by rich people like Madonna. Only for the poorest it should be without costs.

No it's not my insurance goes up and I pay for everyone that doesn't want to work my insurance used to be cheap thanks Obama administration
is this Medicare for All or Medicare for All Unless You Are A Politician? Are there carve outs for you and congress?
Does it say how it will be paid for. House Dems' Medicare 50-64 much more realistic and protects ACA.
If Hillary sycophants continue to say youre not democrat, you need to run as a third party member and let Hillary face another "democrat"...
Why are you changing SUBJECT!  1000,s will LOSE COVERAGE in Jan 2018? We need to FIX ACA! Are you the ENEMY becuz ONLY the enemy divides!
You're the man Bernie.
We wish you, and all the brave senators who sign on, the best of luck. It will be fight but one worth taking on.
Do like Canada to pay for it everyone will pay something when they buy things they have a government tax for their healthcare not income tax
To the people who say "how will we pay for it?"  do you morons ask that same question when we drop bombs or fly planes that cost billions?
can't wait to see what you have up your sleeve #bankfraudbernie. How much are you and #Menendez going to be able to steal from this one?
Please protect the right to private property ie my money. Stop spending it.
Will i be covered by 3 pm?,,,i need a tooth pulled
Thank you @SenSanders. The time is NOW!
Tammy Baldwin, Richard Blumenthal, Cory Booker, Al Franken, Kirsten Gillibrand, Kamala Harris, Martin Heinrich
Do we get a book thrown in for free
It's amazing how the people against this all seem to perpetuate a love of god in their twitter info. Yea. Fuck everyone else though right?
Supporting:
Sen Elizabeth Warren D-MA
Sen Sheldon Whitehouse D-RI
Basement dwellers will be salivating, er, watching. Working people will be working. How convenient.
I've been on Medicare before. It wasn't that good. Why would we want everyone to experience that. Can't we do better?
Slogans Slogans Slogans!
The Sanders’ bill is a single-payer wish list. It doesn’t get into the tough questions of what doesn’t get covered, how to pay for it (1/2).
Not, if I have to pay for it.
Healthcare is vital to us, we are all concerned and affected by it. we don't need to stress about it, we need to get relief from it.
Don't hold your breath til this happens
You going to pay for it Bernie?
Lol.
seems many of us agree!
http://www.vopple.com/dev/polldetail.php?ID=109 …
Supporting:
Sen Mazie Hirono D-HI
Sen Patrick Leahy D-VT
Sen Ed Markey D-MA
Sen Jeff Merkley D-OR
Sen Brian Schatz D-HI
Sen Tom Udall D-NM
I'd be willing to discuss this if Bernie were honest about the massive tax increases on the middle class that would be necessary.
Stay out of my pockets!!!
Will it cover #LTSS / #HCBS for seniors and people with disabilities?
A country that doesn't care for the health of its citizens but vilifies & bombs weaker countries for their resources is not a worthy nation
Who going to pay for that Bernie
Go get them!
Good luck! People are counting on you!
ARE U PAYING FOR HEALTHCARE FOR EVERYONE, BERNARD?  #NO
Hopefully you'll explain exactly how you'll pay for this, without that It deserves to go nowhere.
This is major step, not absolute solution by any means, but step in direction to help solve inequality. I know this because I'm smart. #Fact
Sanders promotes MASSIVE MIDDLE CLASS TAX INCREASE. Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness are rights. Taking from others is stealing.
You mean, give political hacks and bureaucrats the key to getting their hands on even more of our assets and money we earn? No thanks.
$20 trillion debt? Why not $40 trillion?!
If any American wants to pay an extra 24,000 a yr in taxes then they are just plain stupid! Sorry Bernie socialism is not for America!!!!!
Help us Bernie Wan Kenobi, you're our only hope.
Enough of the shiny objects Bernie . We need a PLAN , how do we convert from the decades old system without crashing and killing it . HOW ??
A fight to enslave half of America to the other half. Disgusting.
Why create another monopoly?
How do you promise to guarantee all things to everyone?
In a few years they will say no money to pay for it just like their brainwashing us there isnt any money to pay us back in social security
I'll be watching. We're all with you Bernie! 
No amount of medicare is going to clear your clogged arteries fatso. You need some jogging shoes, not medicare.

exactly.

Self promotion, it isn't going anywhere.

You will keep losing. American Patriots will keep defeating your Socialist agenda. Keep voting out Democrats like this Communist.
He's not a Democrat but Trump is a Nazi .
Amen! Finally after years of inactivity and inability to get public attention. Now is the time. People need healthcare immediately.
I hope that your standard around sharing details is going to happen today because I'm going to love to hear about how this is funded
U know u must b a legalize America  holding citizenship rights @ChicagosMayor pays out of pocket for his employees ™®©Not authorized
It's not a right. I don't have a right to force a doctor treat me. Stop trying to conscript doctors, tyrant.
Waiting for conservatives to tweet how such a plan is impossible despite pretty much every developed nation having it
2pm what timezone?
You've always fought for us. You never hesitated to go against the party-line. Thank you, Senator.
and then we have to deal with this ignorance
Government controlled healthcare will be as disastrous as any other government controlled program.
If you don't have Republican support its not going to happen, and so far all I see is Democrats.
It really seems like early posturing for 2018 senate races.
