#BREAKING: Senate unveils 2018 budget resolution that would increase deficit by $1.5 trillion http://hill.cm/7zRegFt  
We need a budget that reflects the needs of working families, not just the wealthy, the powerful and large campaign contributors.
I will do everything I can to oppose this absurd set of priorities.
With that amount of money the USA could afford universal healthcate.
This budget is especially important because it will take care of members of the GOP and their rich donors.
You're such a hypocrite you and Warren
Do not forget the Kushner brothers!
They are the worst ones hiding with their Russian links and dark funding links to Trump supporters.
There is no Russian links !  Wake up !
Have you done any research into this outside of @FoxNews? Look at my bio. I am an expert in cyber security which includes gov cyber security
Why am I going to look at MSNBC and CNN they are not journalists anymore!  They have an agend to destroy Trump!  Pure and simple!
Why would you think my research is looking at CNN?
Look at live reports from the ground.
Real people on Periscope or reporters doing their
Own reports outside of the TV network.
No surprises there. @GOP is a party that cow tows to their donors and ignores the will of their constituency. Who didn't already know that?
People, look beyond any short term gain to the long term hardship. We need social services, not tax cuts.
Profits over people. Only when that mentality changes will legislation begin to work for WE THE PEOPLE instead of shareholders.
When we are all shareholders
We should be, much like Alaska, the US as a whole should have a share and a say what goes on in our country and to our resources.
Yes. And @realDonaldTrump returned the favor by plugging their brand of paper towels. #evensteven
I really didn't expect anything else; no matter what they tell us we know this is to benefit the rich, certainly not for the middle class !
Not everything in life happens for a reason...sometimes life just sucks Bernie.
This President suck all the time. What's you point fool?
break yo self fool!

Remember, these are the folks that are supposed to be fiscally responsible! Oh,yeah they are too the rich!
Republicans only care about deficits when the deficit is being increased to help ordinary people. When it helps fat cats, doesn't  matter.
Same with Bernie he did not give a damn last 8 years!
Wrong. You have not been paying attention.
Yup! Would you expect anything else when Republicans control congress & have a greedy billionaire in the White House? #ScrewThePeople 
That so called greedy billionaire has created more jobs than you will ever know!  He is closer to working class than solicits Sanders!
Whatever you say big Kev!
Money has no value unless it is spent. Money needs to be in the hands of the 99% who will use it. Then all will benefit.
Vote the GOP out of office now.They are sorry for American people.
Western leaders are puppets of the new Sun Kings; They  let  rob countries empty and create the 1%.
You should be happy, this way you can pay off your bankruptcy.
Most of you people have no clue what your talking about.  Look up tax revenue folkwing Kennedy's and Reagan's tax cuts.
Yeah, them Koch brothers donate millions just so they can influence legislation.  Stacking the deck!
What about the debt @GOP ? It was certainly important when Obama was in the house. Not so much now, huh? B*stards!
Those of us with both brains and hearts are standing with you, Mr. Senator!
Liar
We could raise capital gains tax.  There are many who live of their capital gains and pay a lower tax rate.  Change that !
#MDGA make Donors great again ahhhhh NO.
Come up with something new - same old comedy act here!
Maybe your wife should write the next budget. And get the financing too!
WRONG - written for the working American people so you loosers can't take our money and blow on your lunches/dinners, etc.
oh don`t worry bernie staffer, the us will find some other people to pillage to cover for the "deficit". tell bernie we`re still waiting for an original
Sorry, I have no idea WTF you're babbling on about...
You're drunk. Go home.
i have not used foul language with you. show some respect. if you`ve been living in the earth you`d know and i will go home, sober. i`ve never drank a glass... nice to meet you.
This is so ridiculous . These people are dirt.
Hey Bernie why don't you do something to get this a****** out of office... No one else has the guts
Get what you vote for. Anyone that believed billionaire would look out for your interests above his? Well thanks for that. Country in ruins.
And @GOP has the nerve to go on Sunday morning programs and lie to us about their motivations.
What's new about that?
Where are the budget conscious GOP now? Not a peep heard from them hypocrites
Tell it like it is!
For u and Obama right!
Can it get any madder?
Republicans have never been good for our country and never will be
Wow Bernie, I would expect you to push for the 1%er tax break, we all know you are a 1%er #loser #quitter #socialist #swampbottomfeeder
Of course the bill is for the 1%,  that's who Trump represents.
As per usual....the Koch brothers are like the co-owner of a major league sports team, only the team is the U.S.A. Politicians are bought!
What is that guy doing in the back? Watching cartoons ?
Throw the bums out!
Bernie you hit the nail on the head.  Dems need to make it an issue in the 2018 election year.  Dems must be we the people w/one purpose.
sigh
@PortiaABoulger @thehill  it breaks our basic social contract and fiscal consent
Cut unnecessary programs
We are going to fight you on getting money from us.!
Please know this budget is in favor of all republicans. Not the rest of us who has worked fir a living and continue to work for a living.
Why do people worry about this imaginary deficit? We have the world at gun point and we "borrow" money from private fed reserve. It's a SCAM
@thehill What happened to the tea party and all the deficit concern??
So sad
Yes Sir, you speak the truth.
That’s because the GOP is a bunch of Kochsuckers!
Don't forget The military industrial complex.

I can't say it enough but white people are the Devil! Liars and murderers like they're Father the Devil!
We are done with taking crumbs, enough is Enough of the oligarchy raping the middle and lower class Unite Fight Vote 2018/2020
And you're not part of billionaire class.@SenSanders?
They don't care. They just want fatter pockets. Greed is destroying America and the world 
F u k the Koch brothers. I hop their greedy asses drop dead
@SenSanders ...it is not clear, how the European economy should deal with such irresponsible intentions. what do u suggest? @UniBonn @cnni
Thank you as always Bernie!!!
Bernie, idiot Americans think they’re going to be part of this class one day, so they’re ok with this shit
Yes bit harsher than Democratic budgets have been... but both parties of crooks serve their Rich Donors.
I of course am not surprised! Can't believe how many people still believe Trump.Keep resisting!
American people, you have to make your voice known by voting in every election. This is unacceptable taxation on the backs of middle class!
More debt but the rich get a tax cut
Was für ein sch..... system   we wat Bernie  too fir  the  USSA...
My in-laws our Canadians. No, it's not doing well.
Well, you and then Dems have never written a tax cut bill. You like to steal our money.
Fuck the billionaire class taking any more than they already do. Get the bloodsuckers out of the government
DRAGTHE REPUBLICANS BERNARD
#shameful
And of course Mitch is in the thumbnail. 
They always do things only for the billionaires.   They want their money.
I thought they were all about cutting the deficit?  That's no longer a priority?  Shameful hypocrisy.
He's attacking the Mayor of San Juan to hide his agenda. It works every time
Well of course it was - they're the ones who wrote it!
Burn them, Bernie!
Incredible GOP leadership doesn't get it.

You, Senator Sanders, are the watchdog of America! Keep it up!
With you!
Bernie are You still in the side car riding along with Hillary ?
When R U gonna shut up and kick some murderous, thieving gang member-ILLEGALS out of VERMONT.
Every damn train depot, & Walmart Lot is full
It's funny when Dems are in charge the repubs are all about not increasing the debt but not when they are in power. Hypocrisy at its finest.
Stop spending
How the Republican Party Has Conned America for Over 30 Years

Well someone had to write it that had enough sense to walk the big road
A ridiculous and irresponsible budget. What is wrong with the republicans?!
Trickle down is a lie Trump Said Tax Plan Won’t Help Him Personally. It’ll Save Him $1 Billion
Republicans are financed by the Kochs..they are indebted
Mostly so they can give money to wealthy! The same GOP would/did freak out when Obama added anything to the deficit!
Then it will be passed in a jiffy with bipartisan support!
@SenatorLankford @RepMullin @JimInhofe Are you supporting this tax plan? How is raising taxes on the lower 2 brackets helping your voters?
Coincidence? Your tax plan cuts taxes for those who have the money to pump into your incessant campaigns.  Are you buying votes? Again?
The rootcause of the trouble in the US and rest of the world. They breath and shit money, and bought the governement.
Healthcare per month: €135.- and year risk €385.- in Holland EVERY ADULT  pay that (11 million people of a total 17 mlllion
And the poorest, stupidest people in America handed them the country on a silver platter, now the billionaires are laughing all the way to
TYPICAL!
SHOCKING! such a revelation that this could happen with the savior of the Rebulican party in command. NOT!
The Republicans could triple the deficit on social spending alone and you would say the same because you are a tribal party hack
Drumpf only looks after his narcissistic self.
When you pay the piper, mate, you call the tune
Yoo Hoo White Working Class, is this OK with you and all that Swampy Drainy stuff?
And Democrats will no doubt piss themselves in the effort to support such a pro greedy stingy rich person tax reform.
What about George Soros SENATOR!
Big tools employed by the fascists, everything in the implemented by that idiot Ronald Ragan continue. Create deficits to shrink government
What a collection of thieves. With the exception of McCain and Collins none seem to care about their constituents only the oligarchs & Corps
Obviously !  They are the swamp and Trump is their monster mascot!
Pay attention,  this is for the UBER RICH! NOT for us
We need you and others like you to keep the insanity a bay. Thank you for keeping us informed and fighting for us!!
Why not? America is for the taking.
why can't the people running the government remember who they are supposed to be working for. Back to basic people.
The crooks are at it again! How could anyone have voted for these criminals! Must have had their eyes and ears covered!
Wait! What? The deficit hawks have gone against principle?!? (Translation: bought by donors and lobbies!) #NoPrinciples #liarsandthieves
I have zero hope of anything changing until #citizensunited is overturned. Corporate interests own elections & 2 much of our legislature
Billionaire club milking the average person. #Unsustainable
Do something for help #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
How much real estate do you own Senator Sanders?
What product do you sell for making your capital? Hope?
Keep fighting for us Mr. Sanders
And this is ok with them?  Put it into universal health care, vet brnefiStill, child care etc and you’ll still have $ left
Let's stop it in it's tracks!  It needs to aid those who need the help not those who are oozing money!!!
I suggest a petition stating that we the undersigned have lost confidence in President Trump ability to hold his office & he be impeached.
Is it true the do not have to wait for a CBO score? If that's true....what's the plan?
They are gonna stuff it down our throats? We are lime French geese being stuffed for liver pate. Sigh
Sounds like it will be good for you, then. You are a fine 'public servant.' Which of your three houses is your favorite??
... and yet they sell it to the middle class like it's in their interest despite the fact 1/2 of all the benefits will accrue to 1%.
THIS is the party of fiscal responsibility? No more wealth redistribution to the top!
Hmmm 1.5 trillion deficit is a good idea and the sign of strong business leader? Hmf And we wonder why those Trump companies went bankrupt.
Of course it is!!! That's why republicans are sitting on their ass doing nothing about this monster!
Who is the weird looking fellow over McConnels right shoulder. He is always there.
I have had enough of this Administration! Every day they reveal their elitist attitudes and do less and less for U.S
@thehill @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @maddow DJT & GOP have a special formula for their actions. A shameful formula. #impeachTrump #resist
Somehow I get the feeling you were going to say this no matter what they proposed. This is in no way a fiscally conservative budget
How do you like him now, ordinary people?
So who's paying for all the infrastructure spending we were promised?
Your constant sick crazy comments just make you look even more stupid then you really are. Stop pushing your class warfare social agenda.
Perhaps if they removed the money for the "wall" that would help. Was it 10 billion ( with a B)?
What a fantastic idea...rape the coffers to sate the greedy 1% & the country can suffer the consequences, how very depraved of them!
...Who will provide jobs and opportunities.  The gov in return will now go after the mid and poor bucause, they never take a cut.
Treason weasels lying 2 our faces. Then tell us we’ll have extra $1,000 to buy a car, renovate kitchen, “increase...lifestyle.” Insulting!
He we go again with this trickle down BS
Also we need to close the loopholes that allow people and corporations to shelter profits offshore.
Your only goal should be to get money out of politics. Then these billionaires could not lobby to get their loopholes.
People need to be responsible for themselves, not the state (which consist of the rest of the people)
National socialism does not work.
We need to cut all entitlements and and let young people opt out of social security.
No person should pay more than 15% of their income on taxes, no matter how much they make.
We need to cut spending and reduce deficit. We spend 6% of the budget on interest alone and we increase that every budget.
Correction, sir, it was written BY the billionaire class. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @stevenmnuchin1
Our military budget is more than the next 14 top countries combined. Feel safe yet? Are we going to bomb more vacant air strips?
#Budget , not Taxes . Their going to rape us Nude !
It was written FOR the Koch Brothers or BY the Koch Brothers?

It's not clear you can even comprehend a budget or a tax reform proposal. Go back to take Econ 101.  It's not too late
Fiscal responsibility is vital -- unless we're giving more more net to rich people then who cares
So much for fiscal conservatism...
And for Dimwit Donnie whom the NYT estimate will save him $1.1B.
Isn't that great?  Their the backbone of our economy. What, you want to tax them more?  They pay 90% of all taxes. Your funny, Bernie.
Bernie....really think the Rep. budget was written for the Koch brothers?   Would it be better if written for George Soros?
Bernie is like broken Communist record. I am so sick & tired of his Marxist clap trap. This coming from a man with 3 homes
It's clear that they don't know what the fuck they are doing. On any front.
Disgusting but not shocking. The GOP deficit hawks are only deficit hawks when the DEMS are proposing a budget.
Jeasus Christmas are you a broken record form 60 years ago. Vomiting up the same, lame DNC accusations and bumper sticker slogans.
Bernie, You use the same answer for anything GOP suggests! Boring! Don't be predictable!
Horrible Hypocrites- Bernie what is the most effective thing blue state residents can do to stop the madness?
Yup draining the swamp!
Anybody who still thinks trickle down economics still works, just ask Kansas?? Cut taxes for the 1%, now there broke!!
What about the middle class, the elderly, the poor?
How sad there is no government for those of us not part of the one percent!
Sander's severely and reasonable leftist single payer insurance plan is proof that his perceptions are extreme.
#FakeNews
It's disgusting and scary how people with this kind of power can be so IGNORANT!
Talk about being unpatriotic! Damn thieves.
This old Jurrasic is a pathological lier.
Bernie what kind of health care do you get, the kind that most Americans can't get and all Americans help pay for,go away .
And increases the deficit by 1.5 trillion? SERIOUSLY?!?!?!! WOW! Obama CUT the deficit! This too will be left for Dems to clean up!
Bernie, if you don't have the wealthy none of us would have jobs.  They take the risks.
Oh please be quiet and go away. There is nothing of value with your words. I am very tired of the leftist culture of this world.
Hack. Not original.
-You forgot Congress and your Wife...
Hillary's biggest accomplishment...stopping you from being president!
More bs from an establishment career politician that provides no value to the tax payers.
The more regulations are imposed, the harder it is for small businesses to compete, and the fewer competitors in any given industry.
In other words, heavy regulation favors the billionaires, and free markets favor honest and fair competition, which favors the middle class.
and for hillary clinton and barack obama ..
