What do you do when a human right becomes unaffordable not because of GOP/Trump but because the insurance companies and doctors hike rates?
Who pays for it though?  I do not want to be paying someone else;s medical care bills nor do I want to live under socialist laws.
To everyone but republicans.
.. and California Democrats
In America MAYBE. A LOT OF COUNTRIES AROUND THE WORLD HAVE NO SUCH SYSTEMS...
You believe you have the "right" to the services of medical professionals??
Healthcare is a responsibility Bernie
and owning 3 homes is not a principle of socialism.
I dont think you understand that socialism is just a means of production..
...distribution and exchange.
distribution and exchanges doesnt mean "one house per person" it means that everyone shares in the ownership.
Never said it did, merely highlighted that it's not just production.

That "owns 3 houses" troll scat is so old it dried up.  Mute trolls so the grownups can have a chat.
Noticed you didn't say "free"
In order to enforce such a "right" you must create "right" to force people to pay for it through legal coercion. You must vote for coercion.
Not in the USA it isn't.
No, it's not.   We should do what we can within reason but, I should not be expected to pay the healthcare for the lazies/freeloaders.
Yeah, but you don't have the right to force random strangers to pay for it.
Aren't random strangers paying for public schools?
And fire departments, and police departments, and the military, and so on and so on.
That would be valid if there were a subsidy for my property taxes and/or local sales taxes so some paid zero and others paid their share...
Taxes can only be legitimate if they are collected uniformly and spent on essential govt functions, not healthcare. see Article 1 Section 8
Article 1 Section 8: "...to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the U.S." 
welfare n. health, well-being
Not to mention, social security is a form of General Welfare
Yes, but NO ONE, should be forced to have it! #bankfraudbernie
just because he is accused of something does not make him guilty. Also the claim was made by someone who is wildly
Oh really? I bet you think President Trump is guilty of everything he has been "accused" of? Am I wrong??
I believe it is fishy that trump keeps changing what he said and that their are quite a good amount of ties between
#hypocrite Enough said 
its not like the democrats started the investigation. Comey who is staunchly republican and mueller also a republica
Yeah, I can def tell comedy and Mueller are staunch repubs!   Good one
comey was a republican until recently and served under a both a  republican and democrat president :)
Since when do you have the right to tell someone who invested years of college, money to open and staff office, they have to fix you?!!!
It's not a problem in canada or any nordic countries. Healthcare is a human right there. In nordic countries it's free for everyone.
The USA isn't some shitty Nordic country, we are the reason you're not speaking German or Russian! Access to healthcare isn't a "RIGHT".
Why do you think access to healthcare isn't a right?
Why should you have the RIGHT to someone else's labor and education? That is called SLAVERY, we abolished that 150 years ago.
Why dont european countries think it's slavery? Why they are succeeding? Look at norway, so rich, healthy, happy, safe. And usa, hah!
Once again, the US has the best healthcare in the world. Accessibility doesn't equal quality. Maybe if Europe wasn't busy losing wars...
What do you think they who cant afford healthcare would say about usa healthcare? Best in the world? How the quality is the best there?
Really??? I guess my disabled spouse must be some sort of mutant then.... OBAMACARE = DEATH for seniors and disabled.

Three houses, a red sports car, and ability to commit bank fraud are human rights.
There's a 4th grade class at our local elementary that could teach you the different between a right and a product. Shld I call them for U?
You're right it is. You have a right for someone else to not take your life, like a robber or gang member. Health care and life r different
Poor kids don't die from lack of universal health care. And you don't understand the beauty of our federalist system and power of capitalism
You have it backwards. Socialism cannot function without capitalism.
Yesss!
Yes! America should take care of its own citizens by providing healthcare for everybody!
Why should I pay for everyone else's healthcare, food, housing etc while they smoke weed and buy coach purses and I can barely pay my power
Hardly anybody can pay their power! It called living! If you live long enough someone will have to take care of you!
That's what my retirement is for
Then pay your power like everybody else! Quit your complaining!
Pay your doctor like everyone else.
Bank fraud is a human right.
Presumption of innocence certainly is.
It is in many countries. We should write this into the Constitution someday.
It would be easier and faster for you to move
Health care workers in Canada are paid well and can choose when and where they work its no different. wake up America! Demand better!
Citizens in Canada wait 5-7 months to see dr. I'm from Canada and it depends where you are
i have never waited more then a month to see a doctor and usually its within a week, if seeing a specialist then maybe longer tho.
Exactly . Simple well visit you are ok. And simple sick visit. Not for serious medical cost. Problem exist in Canada and UK healthcare syste
I ended up have 3 surgery over 3 months all unplanned and there was zero wait times for it. At no cost to me out of pocket.
That is good for you but is your situation a representation for the majority?
No, my uncle had cancer and they gave him pain pills till he died.  My aunt had diabetes they cut & cut her meds til she died. Wake up jaybi
wake up to what? every single person i know that has been sick has gotten treatment myself included and ive battled crohns for over a decade
NOOOO
Where is that listed?
If you have the "right" to healthcare, why not food, shelter, clothing, etc? Can't survive without them either, comrade Sanders! #MAGA
why not, exactly?
We fought a war to end slavery 150 years ago. You have no RIGHT to someone else's labor.
interesting argument

do you have a right to police and fire coverage?
I work and pay property taxes to purchase those services, next?
so why can you not work and pay property taxes to fund health care?
I can purchase my own healthcare, or not. My CHOICE. I don't have to pay for others, that's slavery.
why does the same not apply to police and fire coverage?
Yeah he just made sure she got the loan. He left a trail of crumbs. Never speak when you can nod. Never nod when you can wink. He's in on it
Your a poet- well said
Thank you. Just a humble fed up American. I'm tired of politicians believing that the laws that govern all don't apply to them.#IWillStand
Health care can be a right only as long as private property is not. This is socialism. #DontYouHaveAnFBIProblemToDealWith
Go tell them that to the rest of the countries that aren't socialist and still have a universal health care system
They are, by definition, socialist, if they confiscate private property for this purpose. If you like the VA, you'll love single payer.
The VA is great! I can get an appt. to see a Dr. in appx. 4 months, longer if I need dental care. Fought with them for almost 5 years to...
agree to do a revision on my amputated leg. The VA is really tops if I get to see the same Dr. twice in a row or get one that speaks English
The E.R. is especially top of the line. One time I only had to wait 8 hours before seeing a Dr. A friend of mine with PTSD slept on the...
steps of the VA hospital for over a year before he got help. For some reason he felt safe sleeping there. We both laugh at that one.
Marine, you have my gratitude for your service. The care this government provides its veterans is a disgrace. There are better answers.
Why haven't you moved to a nursing home in canada you socialist #altleftmedia #stupidty #trump2020
Do any of your colleagues forego their unconstitutional Obamacare subsidy?
then work and pay for it. Don't make me pay for yours
no it isn't.
Humans have #NaturalRights= life, liberty & property. #Healthcare is not a right. If you studied #Constitutionalism you'd know this fact. 
I swear to god, every day twitter auto un-likes this and I have to re-like...
But bank fraud isn't...
oh and this was filled by one of trumps campaign managers while he was speaking out against trump.
Then why doesn't every government party make it policy  to reduce the military spend and subsidise a national healthcare system !!
Because some Governments are blind to the real needs of the people who put it into power.
Daily re-like. Also, this post lost 4k likes in the last 4 days. Something very strange is happening...
Yeah, a lot of posts get unretweeted and unliked. I have to re-like @Snowden's top post all the time, and sometimes I have to re-retweet it.
Yup, same with Bernie's old pinned tweet about Medicare For All.
Nm, this is that tweet lol. I posted the same thing recently about another. 

Seems to be prevalent.
Can you tell me how you arrived that Healthcare is a human right? What magic makes it more of a right then say a car, or computer. Politics?
People around the world, when polled, consider it a right. Government is accountable to the people but private interests suppress the topic.
Our government is 'accountable' to us, but that doesn't mean we should depend on them to take care of us. Not their job.
Well said and VERY True !!!!
You only have the "right" to what you earn by the sweat of your own brow! If you love communism so much, why not move? Putin won't take you?
i agree. abolish inheritance, expropriate the c.e.o.s, and so on
Inheritance is when I leave my loved ones what I earned. Taxes we're already paid on my earnings. Government is entitled to nothing else.
inheritance isn't earned, so by your definition, there's no right to it
You are SO WRONG! It is NOT a human right! I work my ass off so I can have health insurance! Not to provide to whomever feels entitled 
The UN treaty on human rights that the US has signed would beg to differ
And, yeah, those "entitled" vets, elderly and poor...what jerks
 stay in school
Is education a human right?
Nope!
"The right to get an education"
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights …
"Everyone has a right to an education."
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Declaration_of_Human_Rights …

Thoughts?
I love that you used the simple English version of Wikipedia
I usually don't respond back to ignorance so consider yourself lucky!
No it isn't!!!!
No sir, it is a privelege. Your right is to make sure you do whatever it takes to take care of yourself and your family by any means.
Unless it comes from Planned Parenthood and then it's an evil establishment you need to get revenge on because they didn't endorse you.
So, you're saying everyone has rights to doctors and nurses labor and skills.
Bullshit.
#CBOSCORE
Yes
Slavery is illegal. You don't own or have a right to a doctor's labor.
Love you Bernie! Free Speech & being a REAL Journalist is also a #HumanRights issue, which is why we all have an obligation to help #ReconnectJulian #ReconnectAssange
No it's not
You can say that until you're blue in the face. Still does not make it true or a fact.
. we truly appreciate ur struggle to improve health care in America. McCain is also board which is commendable
Lost my job due to an accident in the office of the best known tax preparation company. Am now severely and 100% disabled and need a specialized ,motorized wheelchair and ramps for it desperately.  Will I ever get it? doubtful! No compensation.
Like the bulge
why the hell aren't you the president, there is an opening for you in OZ come and take it!!
Absolutely not, and who will pay for that right?
Wrong!
What about the right to be born?
birthright is slavery
How bout bank fraud ..?
Just becaise he's being investigated doesn't mean he's guilty.
So the same goes for trump?
he is innocent until proven guilty yes.
Where does it say in the constitution that healthcare is a human right?
No where that I know of.
Sanders is idiot
What is your stand on Charlie Gard It's single payer big government what if it was UR son,  Oh U have the big money & better healthcare
If it was my son that had a terminal incurable disease that couldn't be treated. I'd be damn thankful that the doctors did all they could
The angry comments from Americans to this tweet suggests a visit to the UK and the NHS would blow their minds. #UniversalHealthcare
I don't speak enough Arabic to visit the UK. But good luck with all your poor decisions.
Don't worry, your wife will get free healthcare when the FBI lock her up. #healthcare for all prisoners
You do realize that one of trumps campaign managers filled the claim while bernie was speaking out against trump.
Healthcare, like social security, are not ENTITLEMENTS. They are earned benefits. You paid into it!!! You deserve it!
Well social security is a Ponzi scheme that is going to crash.  THAT'S what you want for health insurance?
Do you know if they take away social security it is literally (and I'm using the word correctly) the government stealing your hard worked 
Yes, I do.  You're right, but that doesn't change the fact that it is failing and has been for a long time. Needs addressed or it fails.
I will never advocate government run healthcare.
Look at all the other developed countries in world. Guess where US ranks? Last. And it's not due to ACA. New bill is garbage.Repeal is worse
1) ACA buried me.I will stand on that fact all day long. Insurance companies making bank while we are forced to carry insurance that is
2) too expensive to use.  Thus far, they have taken almost $22k dollars from me and I haven't so much as gone to the doctor for the flu.
All life long!!!
"The Senate...health care bill is literally heartless" - American Heart Association
 
#killthisbill
Then neither is life
Ask Bill Russell, he'd know.
Same as Auerbach, except Russell was radical, as was Walton. Don't think Red would approve of 5yo kids dying of cancer bc lifetime limits.
So then, Doctors are slaves.
No, worse. Taxpayers are slaves.
No, actually. Its not.
Yes Kris it actually is & the United States is the only first world country where it's not. There's your American exceptionalism.
You're not entitled to the labors of other individuals. That's called slavery.
You know education is a human right, right?
2/ government forcing doctors and insurance companies to provide services to individuals without reasonable compensation.
4/ labor when they're inadequately compensated. That amounts to indentured servitude.
You genuinely don't understand what universal healthcare is. The entire rest of the civilized world has it. Why is that so hard to get
Why are you throwing in "inadequately compensated?" Why is it different from public schools, where teachers choose to be teachers?
You choose to be a doctor to provide a service and to be paid for it. Have them be paid using taxes. How is this difficult for you.
The thing is, they DON'T choose what they get paid. You really don't understand at all the details of executing an undertaking like this.
Uh Oh #bankfraudbernie is worried that he's going to have to use Obamacare and use his own money to do it. Maybe your wife can get a loan?
Paying taxes is not a right either
Our swell president doesn't think so
We know that...the Dems have been fighting for it for 8 years....

This seems to be what you & I agree on. Sick of your constant obstruction between members of the Dem Party. It only ensures @GOP harm to US.
https://twitter.com/_mattstock_/status/897212914486083586 …  Bernie, why did you delete this tweet? Cause by this Logic, you bare responsibility for Republican shoot up by Fan
And one that we have to fight more than ever to enjoy..
shut up and retire #SellOutSanders
Healthcare is a service provided by skilled individuals. No one has a "right" to the service of others. You advocate state slavery.
But insurance to help off set the cost of HC is not s right bc it is man made. Get it!?
Preach!!!
I prefer not to pay to have my children wait in line for healthcare behind worthless people who won't work.  #nobernhere #thankgod
"-According to my arbitrary conception of a 
'right' "
Someone paying for it is one too!!
Love you, Bernie & Jane. 
F**k Yea

Got your own friggin healthcare don't you
We agree, Dear Senator.
If life were only so easy in every moment!
Regards
No it's not - it's a made up Democratic platform to pave the way to Socialism
.@1choice HealthCare not a right, Overeaters, drug attics, people that don't take care of themselves, not everybodies problem
Congress should pay for healthcare like the rest of America period. Rights listed /bill of rights idiot healthcare not
A single-payer system is one of the few things I agree w/Dems on. Other than that, I don't think US should be a grab bag, forsake the poor..
and lower class Americans while cheap labor and illegals are imported.. I don't think we should be housing & giving perks to refugees when..
there are homeless on the streets and living in airports. We need to start taking care of our own problems first before evry1 else on planet
Is it though?
Bernie for President !!! Hope he runs next election.
...and then the @GOP said, "NOPE"
Actually, "good health" is human right. "I WILL that you prosper and be in good health, even as your soul prospers" 3 John 2 of Bible
Wrong it is a privilege!
Freedom from political statements is also a human rightl
I easily agree with both of you!
Pass bills like a thief in the night.  Sell one of your many homes or hell give one or two to a homeless family.  You sir are a fn joke
No it isn't
Claiming sexism is really cute there Sanders. You are nothing but a Beta Virtue Signaling Cuck Fraud
Since trans military are suing Trump for "destabilizing' their place in the military, could insurance co.'s do the same?
Hey Bernie are you guys going to be exempt from this healthcare law?
It is, but it isn't a government obligation in a free society, Comrade. @JohnCornyn @tedcruz
Congress should use the same healthcare as the people who elect them do! There is no class system. #AmericansUnite
No one has a right to force others with the #goonerment #goonsquad to provide care to someone. It's another form of servitude...
It is NOT a right!  It's not in the constitution.  If you think it's a human right, then why do you think abortion is ok?  Hmm.
Remember what happened to USSR and Greece. Socialism destroyed them
No. It isn't.

Lovely thought, though.
Go to any hospital you get treatment.
but its not.....
Communism 101...you're such an old fool. Move to Venezuela
Health care is provided by individuals who sacrificed much to acquire.  Isn't  acquired free & shouldn't be forced to be provided free.
No, No it's not.
Tell that to Charlie Gard's parents.
Still no.
Good thing your wife can afford to pay for everyone's right Burlington College job
Just like having three houses is a right.
Simple. Truthful. To-the-point. I rate this tweet 100/10.
Nothing that costs my money without my permission is a human right! Remove them all.
Life is a human right but you're all for an abortion every now and again.
If its a human right why must I pay for it?  I don't pay for free speech or free religion or right from unwarranted search/seizure?
In Bernie's world only the politicians will be reimbursed generously for their "work."
Then stop killing babies.
Someone's skills and services are not a right. What don't you understand about that?
Rights aside, it's extremely dumb to let people and kids die over money.  A human mind is the most valuable thing in the world
YAAAAASSSS. THANK YOU.
@SenSanders where is that a power of the federal government listed in the constitution? Can you answer that you POS
And Equal Protection Under the Law should be given to ALL males. http://thewholenetwork.org 
Demanding that other people pay for it isn't.
Audi R8's are a human right.
but health insurance is not...two separate issues
? mother of 2 boys who pays about $7500 in auto insurance- would a one payer healthcare system drop auto insurance costs for Americans?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXWhbUUE4ko …  People will Die!!
Work on prescription drug cost. That would help healthcare
Health care is not a right. You're insane! You force Americans to own failing healthcare, then say it's a right? Typical Dem contradiction!!
To clarify there are two types of rights: positive & negative. Positive are those provided by society like healthcare.
You R a fraud. Totally blew it and now u blow smoke at the most engaged Prez in modern times. Back to Vt. to milk cows with crook wife.
No its not
No where in the constitution is healthcare named a "human right". It's survival of the fittest. No work = no eat
@cnn @POTUS @GOPSenate @SenJohnMcCain We could have free healthcare, like England, if we cut the bloated military budget.  But USA loves War
It should be made mandatory for you guys to have the health care you are trying to pawn off on the American people
if it's a right then don't have the government control it. That's like saying the government should silence hate because we need free speech
Bernie Y do u & the socialist demo-liars keep on lying fine keep the subsidies 4 the people but we shouldnt have 2 pay 73% of your subsidies
Said no Republican ever.
I'm so angry. I'm tired of being sad because of my government. I'm tired of being discriminated against because I'm poor. This is ourreality
Have you ever visited a hospital in Canada? If you had, you would not use their healthcare as an example. Dirty hospitals, not enough staff!
I have health insurance but it's still way too much I would rather die than break my family because of our structure
"alt-Left" #AltLeft #JustSaying #ResistIgnorance
I'm offended that your poll lumps me in with the old ppl! 
Not buying it. Ppl over 42 are waaaaaay different from me. (Altho we tell ppl to get off our lawns approximately as much)
Says the guy married to a lying corrupt thief?
What if I am a practicing Christian Scientist? Socialized Health insurance is not heath care. #RepealAndReplace
Please tell this is not so...
Nope, you don't have a right to other's labor
This is wrong! And it's part of Marshal Law! http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/07/jeff-sessions-made-it-easier-for-police-to-take-your-stuff.html?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+nymag%2Fintelligencer+%28Daily+Intelligencer+-+New+York+Magazine%29&mid=googleplus_nymag … It's a violation of our rights!

I trust markets and distrust bureaucrats.
Hey Bernie I'm looking for a good Community College. Do you think your wife can recommend one? lol Both of you stole money and you know it.
Yeah I pay for that boss so no
No it's not.   Someone has to provide care and you can't force them to provide it.
Darn tootin Heather. We Americans got the right to not have health care. Aunt Maybel lived 100 never sein no slave doctor #MAGA
That's what they said in Venezuela.
What about the neighbors newspaper you've been stealing? Is that a right?
