Nope, we're not a bottomless pit of $$$'s and PR has a lot to answer for on corruption.
Sorry you lost your empathy karma
Never lost my empathy, I simply got angry at the fact PR receives $12bn a year for a pop of 3.4m & local govt & utilities are bankrupt.
So you support pulling aid and letting them die? I can’t even imagine having your mindset
16 people have died DURING the hurricane, none have died since! They're not starving or dying at all, exact words from people on the ground.
You're replying to a factual statement from almost 6mths ago. Get a grip of yourself 
People are still dying
Not true! You are not reading reports from remote villages.
No true, you are the one not up to date.
Check postings from Teamsters. Explains roads, fuel, ability to get to work are issues. Not truckers.
No.
Try to get that a-hole in the WH to approve it. PR aren't "real" U.S. citizens you know. Neither are the people of the #USVI. Real tired.
Actually, both were allowed dual citizenship in the early 1900s, but have repeatedly declined statehood.
Y'all haven't even fixed Colorado from the floods 3 years ago, and now you wanna occupy Puerto Rico?  Go gubment!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
At some point, it becomes a state issue and not a federal one. FEMA cannot be expected to do EVERYTHING for everyone.
Fema who, we never got fema.
Then that would have been on...Oh wait, the crowned prince Obama!! Fancy that realization. Can't blame Trump for that. Sorry, truth.
The brown clown, yes, still not fixed, and carrying over to the new clown.  Your point?
You cannot blame Trump for the stupidity, ineptness and neglect of Obama.
I'm not, I just want shit fixed.  Not a hard concept.  It's been over 3 years.
I get that. I'm sorry you've had to deal with that. Hope your governor finally gets things going.
Brother Bernie, how must we begin to teach our commander and chief which territories belong to us?
Idiot.
Have you donated to help or are you like all politicians and just talking to make yourself look good and then doing nothing?
Well, they've got 3.7 million US Citizens on the last census, so.... What do their six Congresspeople think about it?
PR not allowed to vote for President. Their representatives not allowed a vote.
"For cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world:
For imposing Taxes on us without our Consent:"

@ThomasJefferson
Hope you feel that way when @Jenniffer2012 ask for support in order for PR to become a state
I think we need to restructure Puerto Rico in conjunction with Tesla, to develop a lasting plan and not a patchwork of "assistance". Fix it.
#Bernie says what he means, and he means what he says. PR in our thoughts and prayers! Hasta la Victoria, Siempre!
@SenSanders ? Feed a person and they eat for a day. Teach them how to fish, they eat for a lifetime. Teach PR how to fish, Bernie. #SoLame
You're NOT going to keep bailing our failures at OUR (taxpayer) expense, Bernie. Big government is the problem, not the solution. #MAGA
We bailed out banks and Wall Street why not poor people
This is what a President should be saying. Thank you Bernie.
As long as necessary but not forever right?
It won't be needed forever. Those who understand empathy understand this is not the time to argue about duration though.
Not for ever, pretty much what Trump said but the biased media decided to make an ordeal out of it like always
And should be a lot more responsible with his choice of words. Is not about being politically correct, is about making honest-
Are you sending aid to them are you handing it out over there? If not shut up.
Take your own advice Rodney or you shut up
If I had the resources he has. I would have been over helping out. Can you say the same?
It doesn't take resources. You could have done a lot. But your big thing is to blame everybody else for not doing what you didn't do.
It takes money, how if I have none, am I supposed to volunteer and leave my job for a few weeks am I still going to pay my mortgage?
I won't ever apologize to a Socialist.
Why would you apologize? Do you think you did something wrong?
As we help them out, just like Texas and Florida, we have to get smarter when we rebuild in those hurricane prone areas in the future.
Politicians just use disasters as political talking points, but what do you really propose to help them going forward, Bernie?
As past history has shown us, these areas will continue to be hurricane prone areas every year.
I suggest to bring in the army core of engineers to assess these areas, and restructure to help guard against future devastation.
Maybe I should run for Senate, and take your spot, Bernie? Liberals & Democrats spend all of their time obstructing Trump.
You don't have any good ideas except trying to convince people to turn to socialism. That would only bankrupt this country like Venezuela.
Venezuela and Bernice sanders aren’t  socialist, what are you on about?
Sell your homes and spread the wealth
Funny thing about corruption, doesn’t matter how much resources is brought to the people; the central authority will always bring pain.
God helps those who help themselves. What I see on news are people who aren't doing enough to help themselves. We can't do it all for them.
With all due respect Sr. I’m puertorrican and I watch the REAL puertorrican news every day and  night and I see my people working together.
I hope what you're saying is true.  If so, your media needs to show that.  Just the opposite news is what's getting out.  God bless.
My whole family is there, I call them every single day and I really know what’s going on. But specially know my people and what they can do.
come on now Bernie ... you know the NFL has more pressing issues now. Kneel or Stand that is the question! (Sarcastic Tone)
We should all kneel, respect for young people of color shot by over aggressive police
Have you ever even been to Puerto Rico? I think the people there would be very offended by this tweet.
I’d rethink that one Bernie and I have more coming Subject to verification:
Hypocrisy is a homage that vice pay for virtue.
Nah.
Maybe you could also donate some of your millions
Hillary on the other hand fattened her wallet by ripping off Haiti during their crisis.
#PuertoRico should "borrow" all the money in their banks fat cats have stashed there to evade taxes and use it for themselves!
A Socialist is always about spending the collective' money... Though, his Hillary'buyout/hush money went towards his lakeside home.
So Bernie's corrupt? Wars are supposed to be funded with surtax - W had 2 going on credit. Cost so far $7T we still must pay.
#25ththe45th #ImpeachTrumpNow
Too funny! President Trump has done nothing for which to be impeached. Nice try on the 25th as well.
Is that a video of you as a child??? Cute!
Or...or is that one of YOUR children? Education level looks appropriate. But still...totes adorbs! #ImpeachTrump
Nope. Not me or anyone I know. Just a gif that is pretty indicative of the mental capacities of so many of the left.
Senator, please make sure that the Senate relief bill does not include a predatory loan to Puerto Rico like the House version did.
the Senate should pass a bill that gives Puerto Rico a grant and does not burden them with more debt. a loan is not "relief".
the Senate must also vote on the Jones Act repeal bill that @SenJohnMcCain has introduced. the Jones Act is crushing the Puerto Rico.
finally we must demand that US govt #CancelTheDebt for Puerto Rico and grant them statehood + representation in Congress, Electoral College.
I don't feel like a citizen anymore, after Trump comments  about P.R. plight, Mr. Sanders. My people bled/died from WW2  to now, for THIS?
They are trump has responded and is continuing to respond, u create lies and expect Americans to believe them well we r on to you
I received from family members 85% of lights are still out.
Your turn to donate a million dollars to hurrican victims and give your entire salary to charity! Tag, you’re it.
Can you get the DNC to send some funding in their direction?
Maybe pull in some troops from BLM to go help out.
You should be in Florida greeting these American refugees. Registering them to vote.
Thank you for speaking reason with compassion.
The @POTUS should act as if Mara Lago and the surrounding area was in jeopardy.
Then donate ur salary to make that happen...oh wait, u get rich off the people while they suffer...disgusting hypocrite
They probably would be if you hadn't inserted yourself as temporary Democrat at the worst time. Now go headline that women's convention
File articles of impeachment NOW!!!!!
No...they need to pick up there lives. We can help but they need to do the heavy lifting. Their leaders are holding them back.
YESssss!!!!
I know GOD HAS A PLAN JUST BRING IT LORD
I see you in VA San Juan.my heart is broken.We are american citizens,we dont deserve Trump words.
i think all weinstein donations should go to Puerto Rico to show them WE know they are Americans, it would solve many problems.
What is taking so long removing this dangerous and moronic administration?  We're beyond worry.
YES!
Bernie. #DontForgetFlint
Well said. Help until help is no longer needed.
We are!!
Thank You Senator Sanders for pushing for Single Payor!! Medicare needs Improvement, but by Incorporating Medicaid Funds, WE Will DO IT!!!
You'd think this would be a given... #alternateuniverse
Bernie please go away
TRUMP=DESTRUCTION
Did u forget Clinton gave North Korea millions of dollars to not make weapons maybe they can pay it back
Bernie when r they going to start paying taxes.  They get more money given to them by population than Idaho. Do u own land over their
No they shouldn't
Shouldn't we get people off the island if climate change is getting worse?
Must,should,could? It's easy to help with someone's else money! Aren't you a socialist? Lead by example and donate all your wealth to PR
@BernieSanders is a very "as long as necessary" kind of guy, has been for a long time, and will be for as long as necessary.
San Juans mayor has bitten the hands that feed them. I dont care about their crocodile tears anymore #PuertoRico
Then Amendment 25 must be invoked so the person in charge is not a racist who thinks PR is not important.
@BernieSanders
Talk talk talk
Goodevnng, @SenSanders , cd u pls ask Pall Mall to ping me via any tweet WSE? Need to make arrangements AAMOU or even asap ... 







Yes u are correct 100%!
As long as needed? 20 years, 40 years, 100 years?
It's reported that pop star Jennifer Lopez donated 1 million to Puerto Rico. Other stars made similar donations... where is the money going?
UNFORTUNATELY... the "PIT" appears to be "BOTTOMLESS"
GROWTH Puerto Rico Recovery Fund EIN 66-0566096 @787 308-9796 I spoke with a rep and she said "cash donations only.. so fair raised 1.3 mil
There’s no room for this, sadly.  POTUS just pledged unlimited loyalty to Israel instead...
SOS SOS CHILDREN in ISABELA PR.IN VENTILATORS. FAULTY GENERATOR URGENT SOMEONE ANYONE HELP. SOS.. https://www.facebook.com/rick.santiago.10/videos/2073747439317581/ …
Why.  What about the rest of America.  Fires in the west.  Texan clean up. O u forgot about Florida.   Think about that
"Business Insider1 day ago
Puerto Rico is America’s drug factory. Most major pharmaceutical companies have facilities there..." www
You’re the man
Can we "The People" resolve the past and present web of racial, economic WEALTH, hardship, and POLITICS of the LAND called PUERTO RICO... NO
I am so sad that you are not our president but instead we have a baboon
That sounds way better then what our president has said. You the man @SenSanders
No 1 on hospital ship, FEMA getting manicures,not working. No air drops - nothing. Shame on USA & Congress & "president".
Yes!
FORCE ALL HURRICANE, AND FIRE PRONE AREAS TO BURY THEIR UTILITY LINES! HEALTH CARE IS AN AMERICAN RIGHT.
And northern California please
The American People raised millions of dollars in private funding... where is this money going?... hire a comptroller and assess spending...
Would Puerto Rico be LESS BROKEN today,  if we'd provided resources DECADES prior to the 2017 HURRICANES?
I don't see any Bernie Sanders's tweet ending with a -B are all of those tweets fake?
How about you donate some money first?
Meanwhile, the POTUS focuses on trivial crap than sending reliefs.
where are you? The #Healthcare fight with @realDonaldTrump must be taken straight to White House! #NotMyPresident
The white house has a damage control team. Send them to PR, they are use to cleaning disasters.

They need help Bernie keep pushing ahead on this,Puerto Rico is in dire need of help!
True this isn't the America that tries to be big brother and help small countrys, I used to know. They HV forgot them n Flint Michigan 
Might want to tell the #Democrats in Puerto Rico to stop stonewalling and stealing aid meant for all citizens.
So.... what's the plan? What are the details?
You are So RIGHT. Not only are they Our People, AMERICANS, United States Citizens, They are HUMAN BEINGS And CAN NOT be left to Die!!!
FBI in Puerto Rico are investigating corrupt local officials that are 'withholding' and 'mishandling' crucial supplies.
Kind of like the fraud investigation of the Sanders. Boy you people sure stick together!
As long as necessary but not forever right?
Thank you, Bernie! #StillBernie
This crazy man Trump needs impeached! He is going against everything Americans need and want. We didn't elect him to begin with. Impeach now
They need to become  our 51st state as well. How can we have 3.5 million Americans without representation in congress is a mystery to me.
I believe they voted in their last election to become a state.
BERNIE LOOKING FOR MORE LATINO VOTES. EXCLUDING TEXAS, FLORIDA, EVEN SANCTUARY CALIFORNIA. WHERE'S YOU'RE HUMANITARIAN FOR THEM?
Bernie- step down as keynote at women's march rally. Tell them a woman should be keynote at a Women's focused event.
Use some of your resources Bernie.  Sell one of your three homes, and help the poor.  Use some of that money your wife stole from banks.
Hey Bernie, you gonna go there and help?
PR is the handicap child of the USA.PR provide nothing to our nation ,for years had taken advantage of the welfare system and will go on!!
We are all Puerto Rican. Stand with @NydiaVelazquez, another woman who can't be silenced. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vD_Rjy7628A …
Is that not being done right now? These people that work for FEMA are doing the best I can.
With all the tax money you and the rest of Washington have wasted over the last 40 years...We could rebuilt PR a thousand times.
Are you helping pay for it. Can only give so much
&can you please get people together to step in on the bs epa guy who's anti the epa &willing give up part of alaska beauty& living for $
Agreed. Can't claim them&blatantly abandon them. Texas& FL weren't given a time warning in a crisis. No humanity
So happy to see one twitter message from you without complaining about Trump.  Thank you!
How about the one in California?
Bernie add to the list, the millions that will be loosing medical coverage now.
And congress needs to fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program. At the moment it has been left un- funded
Yeah just not forever
Bernie if they wont help themselfs then we cant help
California, talk about that. Cadaver dogs going house to house.
Where is your infrstructure bill? Trillions were found for bank bailouts under Bush and Obama. but we fear a dam break in PR that was built in 1928? Need one trillion/year.Enough tailk.
If y'all don't quit leaving USVI out of your discussions. You know, the US islands full of Black folks that were also hit???
Please save our healthcare!  What can we do?  We need MASSIVE MASSIVE protest NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They’re trying, but it’s overcast and their boats run off of solar energy.
So stop until they are what 10 times better than before the storm.    The country was third world in regards to infra structure.  Bankrupt
#KurdistanBlockade
Our fellow citizens have to start helping themselves to Bernie. PR is socialist, that's their problem and yours Bernie
Cmon Bernie. Infowars has blown your lies out of water. Maybe your union friends in PR and get truckers delivering all that aid alredy there
Last time I checked, a leader who purposefully inflicts hardship & suffering on his own people is one who is removed from office.
Donate your money.
This guy is killing Americans he should be responsible for their lives
Republicans are gone after this president no one will vote for Republicans again ever use destroyed our county
Permanent aid like the Clinton foundation wants. To exploit and make more money. Typical.
Let hillary do it. She did so much for haiti
Bcs #PuertoRico is part of USA. And deserves same treatment, just as we pay same taxes.
PR does not pay Federal Taxes.  It is not a state Hawaii and Alaska had to pay federal taxes why not PR
Get your facts straight!
#bernie2020. I will donate more this time!
Amen  Sen.Sanders
Real question... Why isn't Puerto Rico a state?
Yea yet @realDonaldTrump doesnt know that PR and the USVI r US territories bc he doesnt know his own country history #IdiotInChief
How do we do that and fund free college for all Bernie?  Do we also provide PR with free college for all white we're at it?
Essential 
We are crazy. But things can only move so fast.
First thing is to get rid of corruption which in turn gets rid of the 2nd problem.... the liberals in charge.
Bernie sell two of your houses and donate the money
How will we Finance it? What about asking other nations to help?
Decades of @TheDemocrats rule. Economy in crisis. Truck drivers refusing to work. But why waste an opportunity to blame it on #Trump? #13.5%

Please Put The Dunce Cap on Trump & Put Him in the Corner ! 

#DunceTrump #TimeOutForTrump
When is someone taking that idiot out of the White House please help he’s going to get us all killed while is idiot family will be saved
PUerto Rico should take care of business better rather than follow Bernie Socialist Model Of Corruption..
Sell the lake house, the sporty car and donate loud mouth.
So what was your donation short stuff
And most sane people would agree with you. Unfortunately the president is a racist maniac
Where is “the plan?”   PR needs a roadmap & definitive business plan for reform and economic growth.  What do you propose?
Easy to say that Bernie but you don’t mean it. You would give everyone’s money away.
What have you done for them seltzer man Bernie? You schmendrick hack.
What have you done other than obsessively reply to his tweets daily calling him seltzer man?
Save PR! Please! ¡Por favor lo más temprano posible!
Of course, why would they not be brought ?
Could you interview Elon Musk, Gen. Buchanan or Gen. Kim about responding to the hurricanes in Puerto Rico on your show?
Mien Kampf trump;s golf course in P.R. went tits up!Still owes them $30 million!Why he must get even like spoilt man child that he is!
Hey Bank Fraud Bern, Puerto Rican are not citizens! They have resident rights Only! Get your facts straight you old goat! Pay your bank loan
Congress also needs to bring its full power to get the 7 billion dollar subside Trump pulled the marketplace while you were sleeping.
Spend!!!!!
these threads are great for finding new magats to block
Bernie wants to bail PR out of bankruptcy that has nothing to do w. Hurricane. Noone loves spending tax $ more than Bernie. Y he didn't win!
-B is that you?
Supplies are at the ports now they won't unload the supplies they are making a political statement against Trump
Whoa!!  I thought we were saving that $$ for “free” college, healthcare, “family leave”, solar subsidies, etc.. where’s the money tree?
They do have to get off their lazy asses and help themselves
Agree as America is great with the law of compensation of 10 folds return of our generosity always.
I agree with you Mr. Sanders, is there anything you can do to help ? As you are in a better position than some to influence progress.
what's the plan for the northern california fires, bern?
YEAH BERN
I’m still inspired by you Bernie. Keep fighting for the people 
