#hypocrite
The only Disaster is you Bernie
Why you can steal money from it
worse than the House bill, worse than the 1st, 2nd, et al Senate GOP Healthcare bills... VOTE NO+save Citiznes lives
I thought that liberals believe in "choice"? Many Americans want cheaper health insurance. Why can't they choose bet O-care & cheaper plans?
That's not the disaster, you're the one that is a disaster. You're a disaster!
What's in it for you Bern
Let's fix this health care issue.  Make available to the American ppl the SAME plan that congress gets.  We pay for them, why not us too???
Lets refer to this legislation as the "GOP HEALTH IMPOVERISHMENT BILL"  so that everyone in our society can know what to expect from it!
Reminds me off the ACA, yet you signed to pass it!!
I'm bothered most by the exemption of congress from parts of the law.  Every law should apply to congress members!
I agree,
It's a bigger disaster!!!
How so?
Everything about Republicans and health is a disaster
Obamacare is falling apart insurers leaving.  Hmmm Bernie should know disaster. Bernie stick to Fraud.
you are a liar and are hurting the American people, shut up and retire #SellOutSanders
It's the old man who back stabbed his supporters to help crooked Hillary
I hope this one will be scrapped also! I have pre existing conditions, I need my insurance!
Good healthcare would be great! I think we need Universal healthcare in this country!
#BernieSanders WILL #FeelTheBern AGAIN IN 2020. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45akIGJutKk …
#Bernie2020

The average Venezuelan lost 36 pounds in the last year. They are eating dogs. @SenSanders wants this same fate for Americans. Stupid much?
Obamacare was the disaster! It was the plan all along to make it single-payer. It was a scam for govt control over healthcare. Alinsky style
That's because it's not a health care bill it's a tax cut for the rich it's always going to be disaster
Don't have to it's all about repealing the tax that Obamacare levied on the 1% if you think anything different you're misinformed I'm sorry
Show the scores out who was right who was wrong
Only because it doesnt actually fix medical costs tge real problem even u dont talk about! Repeal it all people and fix the real problem!
Mr Sanders.
Any bill would be a disaster
You want only one type of insurance ( Socialized ) like the COMMUNIST.
Because that's the only way to get that tax break for the wealthy!
PASSING #SinglePayer Would Begin To Breakdown Corp $ Control Of Our Gov't. It May Take 3rd Party (or take over of Dems) To Do It. #Bernie
You would know. You are one of the biggest disasters we have had to endure.
Bbburn
I'm so disgusted that I spent so many hours campaigning for you and supporting you. You are a two-faced, fearmongering rat.
LOLOLOL 
Just like the unaffordable health care act.
How is your bank fraud investigation going? http://www.cbsnews.com/news/bernie-and-jane-sanders-under-fbi-investigation-for-bank-fraud-hire-lawyers/ …
No love for the inclusion of the tax hikes? It would be great if you were actually an independent, and not so obnoxious. #BankFraudBernie
The care to assist to good health can be provided to all US citizens with $2 to $3 Billion, indefinitely. Ask me how !
Just blocked by one of your supporters! And I'm a liberal! S A D #crazybernie #nra
#SusidizingThe #DebtSpiral #IsNotARepealOrAFix 
#DebtSpiralContinues
#ForceCongressToBudgetIncome and
#PayoffDebt
and what are you doing to work with them, fix it, anything??? nope just flapping your gums against all things republican, doesn't help USA
Can't fix a disaster with another disaster. We need true repeal and real change!
What have you done to help make it better? Looks like NOTHING to me if not mistaken!
Is America ready for single payer? Ask Charlie Gard family how it is going. Are u ready to have government decide what's best 4 u? Good luck
Free roads! Free primary school! Free police! Our govt exists to give us free stuff in return for our liberty. Sounds dumb doesn't it.
We encourage you to play a bit Tic Tac Toe  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.tomhoefer.tictactoefree …   - for relaxation!
#healthscarebill
ACA is the real disaster sir
No, Venezuela is a disaster.

Great video by @Cernovich highlighting the side of Malcolm X that the Left always chooses to ignore. 
Bigger disaster than Obamacare ? Is that even possible ?
Natural causes will probably kick in before the next election ol Bernie, so you should probably just enjoy what you have left.
What we have now is the worst we ever had, people CANNOT afford insurance and you want them to pay money for something they can't use! SCAM!
You do realize that's how insurance works right? You pay money into it so just in case something happens then you use it.
Improve VA hospitals and help our vets with their gov't healthcare and maybe we'll listen.  You don't give a damn about vets - only $$$$$$$$
Obamacare is the disaster, it's imploding, people are dying, carriers leaving states at record rate! This is on Dems/Obama not GOP!
It's almost like they're not even trying
Just setting up a full repeal. Which is what most want anyway.
No... most do not want a full repeal. Most want cost control.
No. that's what u want. Obamacare was not wanted by majority of Americans when voted in. Time to undo it.
You would not make it as a fortune teller.

So neither party can produce a good healthcare bill.  Great job, your all a waste of tax payer dollars!

You're a disaster. When are you going to be out?
tired of chasing those assholes for a chance to get a better life
know what bernie people sooo sick of these people that nobody even cares anymore what they're babbling about ! everybody exasperated !!
I'd call this a disaster
So is obamacare. The biggest issue is the scumbags in Washington like you should have never taken over healthcare in the first place.
Liberal propaganda.... keep Obamacare then
Not nothing burger. Two double patties and fries.
TRUE!

Well can't just give everything away
It is not as good as it should be, agreed.  But it is still better than the piece of garbage passed in the middle of the night by the Demos.
Wow. Thanks for that "insightful analysis".
0-2 in healthcare I think the issue is politicians! bought by Big Pharm & Insurance! Just give the people your healthcare plan!!
Like you know.
Complacency isn't the answer. Don't listen to the media declaring that the bill's dead. It's very much alive. #NoTrumpCare
Worries me, I'm in Vermont attending law school and am on Medicaid. Wife is about to give birth to our 1st in October. #MedicareForAll
Exactly like #Obamacare
So is the Dems bill.  Ours is being non-renewed thanks to you guys.
Bernie you are a disaster
Have a better solution or plan is resistance
Like your wife's defrauding those poor people and the church.
Health Care in America: Where is the Socialist Solution?
I'm not voting for a Democrat. They will lose big this mid term.
Don't tell me. Tell the Democrats to quit their RussiaHate and Trump hate and get to work for single Payer!!!!! Sick of it!
It's the Dems that aren't doing anything but slamming Trump! They are obstructing Single Payer so they can use it as an issue!!
Obama wanted single payer but had to make concessions with the GOP to get the main ideas passed. You have things backward.

For silly socialist who want to ignore the real disaster that is Obamacare.
Not silly socialists...get a clue. For any society to expect longevity it must be socialistic. Besides, sick ppl r not productive ppl.

HC is a disaster. Thanks democrats!
SO get in their faces and do what you wanted to do.... stomp on them hard...
Like your comprehension of economics
It is a huge disaster bc the @GOP want more 
It will forever amaze me how ppl cant see through something that will directly affect them just 2 quickly roll out a bill to appeal ACA
Can't you find two brave republican senators to do the right thing and work with you?
They need 3. There is a 52/48 split but, who breaks the tie at 50/50? The Vice President... yeah, that's a good rule. Maybe we should vote?
Sorry...all i hear is bankfraud sellout bankfraud rollover bankfraud....something something bankfraud.
You really should get your ears checked.
plz pay me $500k to teach woodworking for a couple years like your wife did for your kid- then maybe I'll support your ideas ya hypocrite
how, Mr senator who should be a janitor, would you make one that's not a disaster? oh- Punish every successful person America!! Great plan.
@NancyPelosi @perezWhen will democrats repay national debt? obama legacy worst in history
GW Bush, worst legacy in history. You need to thank Obama for fixing the economy and preventing another Great Depression.
1.3 Billion dollars of fraud.  Fraud like Jane and Bernie Sanders to get a 10 million dollar loan.  https://milo.yiannopoulos.net/2017/07/doj-charges-hundreds-in-largest-health-care-fraud-takedown-ever/ …
Dear Bernie Sanders , question - remember that legislation you never drafted to address Opioids because you were too busy " PERSISTING " ?
Anybody surprised?
Why don't you all get your hemorrhoids taking care of up in Canada
Hemorrhoids aren't a thing to joke about. They really suck, I had a level 4 hemorrhoid I can tell you all about, if you want.
Dear Bernie Sanders , question - even if it is a " disaster " how is that any different from " Obamacare " ?


The big surprise is You haven't presented yours!  5 months now. #feelthebernout
Dems haven't been allowed in the secret room to give input on HC. Pay attention!
You're a disaster.  Bank fraud and spreading violent hate speech.
You offer nothing Bernie...try ripping off more universities you schmuck
All government healthcare is going to be a disaster
Medicare is a good plan for seniors and should have open enrollment for all ages.
Uuum read this and then reTHINK your stance...https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fdennismichaellynch.com%2Fdoj-announces-largest-healthcare-fraud-bust-nations-history%2F&h=ATM7JuNKZdiKcpW6PSZ8Ex0Qgw5OEiDOosjk7oBgyOtl3W-6qDUe5NVUXAfGhT41_6-2PLcnwyAitaek9XQn09_c3dVlazofkqNMWX2TFSsQPRRlxOu9P-PT4uwVVqoXZL5aBZwg&enc=AZNBRCH4OXSN5NSx79u6jTBY9bBxac7WRxJ6XzsBKNKYfLpNiSMezFzmTQJN7iQoWxMaiOf6bPMDlVP8bHeqJ3pS-csk2wIpe-dsuYR7uYibk7WdeK7i8sWmuPrQ08O6KDAkcN7dny1t1DnUggAQDsb0atY2VvktCCqJeKPm_WIWfjRJQX-Tg1u-M9eJ3EShAgNYs-Knjtn9lDKe00zUbUpqunBeO-zx5NI3sHcHNoISQ5J4Y3xEBMB9A11UTxjZBCuoBi7B6LXQ9Kz0Im6-rx0481Otb6_JjVYOoguTS7GqA-sUT635q929r_gA79lZ4KotgWiUVyPPKg6pkSGrNhECf7Ap5GSBPu_J5Up3-d25_RB7sD8T18TgcbzrpUvx7B2Q4yQXos6j1X9R6D29iHtOtTe-iIKjBCDsMm6UrNpgkA&s=1 …
Agreed
It's still better than OBAMACARE. Obamacare isn't AFFORDABLE or NO DEDUCTIBLES; http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HIVqIn … TERM LIMITS
Is not surprising As Long As Trump and his team gets money he doesn't care how it affects America and people with disability
Wow you read the whole thing already? You must be a speed reader!
Why did you read this one?  You never read obamacare.  Or anything since 2007 #BankFraudBernie
Why can't they take the ACA and build on it? What's wrong with these people. Why are they running the show when it's OUR country!!!
ACA embraces and emboldens insurance companies, and facilitates rising costs. We need a radical solution. So far GOP doesn't have it.
It's Obamacare! Glad to see you admit Obamacare is a disaster! That entitlement should have never been allowed to spawn.

Great now let's get rid of the GOP!
Bern, When you have to work with Repubs to create Real HealthCare, Make Nausea + Anxiety a pre-existing condition. #trumplicancondition
Of COURSE a disaster. And Mitch must have dealt some aces to suggest a 50 vote. A sure fire way to cull the Dem Voter Rolls, kill 'me off.
#FullRepeal
Big suprise: buying a third house with campaign money doesn't make you a democratic socialist, It makes you a crook.
he didn't?
Yes he most definitely did.
Please provide Proof from primary source?

How relevant a post, quite lovely.
If you in Congress would do your work, quit taking so many vacations and quit arguing, you might be able to draft bipartisan legislation.
You wouldn't know good healthcare if it bit you on the ass.
I am Jack's complete lack of surprise. #resist
The #marxistmuppet is a disaster and grabbed his ankles for the demoncats. #BankFraudBernie

Reading some of the responses leaves me feeling like we don't deserve better,  we deserve Trump. #RomeHasFallen
The country is rotting from the inside. We are battling for the soul of America.
Bernie please run
Bernie Sanders you are the best I could care less what other people think about you but I know that you are for the American people thanks
We all expect that from those lying thieving republicans. Stealing from the poor and give to the greedy rich. Yeah, that's them. Liars, $$$$
Same old...same old.  DRATS!
Figures. Kill it senator Sanders!
Maybe it's the terminology.  Stop calling it health care and it all makes sense.  Try low rent insurance courtesy of your neighbors ...
A disaster did it bankrupt a college
You're the disaster. Trump is NOT a fraud. I find it VERY unprofessional of you to say such a thing!  ZIP IT!
Like you even read it.
Big surprise: you are still irrelevant.
List to you for 30 years of bullshit never had a job but only protests against american, now your rich politicians !
Don't try to go for a win...go for a compromise that will benefit as many people as possible....this political tug of war helps no one.
Democrats created this mess & refuse to work with republicans to fix it. I've paid a penalty for 2 years bc HC is too expensive. FIX IT!
Im with ya the fines suck
Fight fight fight back back now!!!!!
Your delusional
Give 'em hell, Bernie. :)
welp we need to just let obumma care crumble then. Good job Bern lol

Bernie thats what we have been saying all along obamacare is truly a disaster!!!!!!!!!
GOP ideas are antithetical to health care.expecting them to provide a holistic bill is like expecting to get water from a stone!
How can the @GOP take away insurance I don't have?

Sure better than Socialism! !!

Who is suppose to pay for that snowflake?
WE ARE ALREADY PAYING
We paid a whole lot less before Obama screwed everything up
I'm all for taking big Pharma down and more, socialized medicine isn't the way
Calculate how much Britain $$ for their HC (which isn't the best but better than ours) and do a proportion, is cheaper than current model.
Demorcrats are the ones along with shit head obama care imploding , cost as high 60 % premium 22 States .

#BernBabyBern Stop working against yourself. Start using tools ie. #lottery #crowdfunding to help you get to your goals. Ask us how! #UNITY
I'm reading it and am appalled- what a waste of paper.

Im not surprised. Americans want affordable healthcare for all.
Anything to u is a disaster. Your party is done. Did u get a lawyer yet?
The independent party? Pretty sure that doesn't exist. And the fbi investigation based on hearsay? I wouldn't be worried about that.
Just like Obamacare...gov out of healthcare please.
So is your personal higiene
We're all going to die ain't we @SenSanders ?
Please senator, what can we do?  I've called, emailed, tweeted, etc. @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain are ignoring Arizonans.
Leave it to the grown ups
What does that even mean? I have been a registered voter for 27 years.
Another disaster is #BankFraudBernie supporting Clinton after she and the #DNC totally shafted him
Here's the issue, if AHCA wasn't a disaster as well, many Americans wouldn't be looking for a different answer. Left/Right failed together
I think it's more of an anti-healthcare bill, isn't it ?
Why don't you ask my family how it's working in Canada?  Right now we would be in crippling dept without it.
did you expect anything else?  #trash
You want to talk about the health industry? Today we had the biggest fraud bust in US History. You're too busy being a deep state Democrat.
No, he's too busy staying on top of what will directly affect the majority of people
They keep saying Obamacare is crashing and burning , aren't they the pilots?
You gotta pass it to find out what's in it.
Bernie, Jeff Sessions just saved lives with biggest opioid bust in US History. You don't care because you're a FRAUD politician.
You really think a bust is going to keep people alive and not use opioids? Good god...wake up.
Yeah removing the few safety nets poor people have is really going to help with the opioid epidemic...
At least you won't live long enough to see it.

It could be single payer and you would still say it's a disaster because it would be the Repubs name on it. You prop didn't even read it.
did you?
I read the revisions that abc news provided I didn't take a lobbyist opinion
