I pay $1.100.00 a month with a 5k deductible. Got cancer in December I'm over 10k in hole for treatments with insurance. Only in the USA
I'm sorry to hear that.  Best wishes during your treatments.
Thank you. Kidney cancer, only treatment surgery.  imaging & test every 4 months expensive. Have to worry about surviving & paying Med bills
Medicare for all-don't you mean VA care for all because that's what it'll be
VA care is pretty damn good... when compared to civilian hospitals. https://www.rand.org/news/press/2016/07/18.html …
Oh yea as they're dying waiting for even simple care-not to mention I'm sure doctors will want to go to school for a decade to make peanuts
How much of your income are you willing to give to pay for this??

(and possibly reduce the overall cost of healthcare, 17% of your GDP vs. 11% in my country - France)
We have States bigger then your country, it's not that simple.
Size does not matter.
Not one modern country spends as much as the US on health care anyway.
I'm an hour and a half from a hospital.
Size matters
How far away are you from a hospital? How far can you get in an hour and a half @ 65mph
OK, but what about Canada? It's a big country, , but they still spend far less on heathcare than the US.
And 1/10th the population. America has more rural residents than Canada has residents. And Canada's residents appear to be in a smaller area
Medicare don't pay much and the deductible goes up every year
Bernie's expanded-Medicare-for-all has comprehensive coverage and no deductibles, or co-pays, or premiums. No medical bills ever again.
How in the world can we afford that plan? I work for healt insurance and my plan sucks balls!
http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-faq#bankrupt …

http://senate.gov/members 
http://house.gov/representatives 

I've asked family and friends to call, they get tallied.
thanks for mentioning http://pnhp.org  been trying to draw eyes to them for years!
,@PNHP is great. Their website has a ton of healthcare policy papers, and I hear they're stepping up organizing to support this bill.
Also, y'all should talk to your own healthcare providers about single-payer. If they're interested, refer to them to @PNHP for more info.
It will be a monstrous debt on everyone's backs in the form of 20% higher taxes.
Not all people, like the disabled. They will still be subjected to income and asset tests.
if insurance is given to EVERYONE why do disabled people have to pass a certain test 
Because they get paid socially security disability. There is a two year waiting period initially to make sure disability is permanent!
The real question is can we have Medicare for all without bankrupting America. This is the conversation that needs to be had.
I'd disagree and say the question is how long can we NOT have Medicare for all. Because our current system is bankrupting us.
You call this success? Now let's add more to the failure of government
Once again who is going to pay?
Currently: individuals and companies pay for insurance through for profit corporation. Bernie plan: individuals and companies pay for...
Every developed nation in the world manages to cover everyone, pay less per capita, and produce better health outcomes.
Matt at what cost to the tax payer?
Less than what we pay currently just for Medicaid, Medicare, and hospital subsidization.
#MedicareForAll
#HR676

Call the lawmakers:
http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-faq#bankrupt …
https://house.gov/representatives 
https://senate.gov/members 
Thanks, @lexiplexed and @JeanineCalkin. 
#medicareforall #HR676 #SinglePayer #BernieSanders
It will be government ran like the DMV. Choose a number, and we will call you when ready. The government makes everyone wait! This is bad!
Why are you against progress?
Only makes sense letting the same buffoons who couldn't build a working website in 4 years with 400 million dollars run the entire thing!
They were not government employees programming it. It was outsourced. Equifax's incompetent mess cost as a lot more!
Oh it was "outsourced" all right. LOL!
Outsourcing the project to a Canadian company was bad enough but there was no collusion. Please read the conclusion:
While bankrupting the already bankrupt country? What happens when doctors don't get paid and no more pharmaceutical research
How is this paid for?
It is also encourages bums
This is a nonsensical response that targets the lower class and the disabled.
The great program known as Obamacare doesn't do that?
Anyone with any brains buys supplemental insurance to cover what Medicare does not because it isn't very expensive.
By stealing from me. Tyranny.
Yeah they wont go bankrupt because they will be dead.
Now not only will citizens go bankrupt now the country will as well!
In your Pursuit of Medicare for All, being a Veteran who suffers from Severe PTSD and Chronic Pain I Wouldn't Use the VA and Vets as example
Universal basic income would prevent people from that, as well as from being homeless, starving, uneducated and sick. Push for UBI
No...it actually won't
we be pay for the whole world health care .  dems and media think the whole world can come here it their right .
Hahahaha. Ya right. Your taxes will go through the roof while other people will choose not to work. Not to mention health care will suck!!
Trump has right idea remove State restrictions on Meds opening up competition Choice is more important  forced Medical Care
#math #va #veteran healthcare failures prove governments inability to do this. and given it is not their damn job.... #doyourjob.
Why don't veterans just use free market healthcare if it's so great?
If it were free market...
HOW is the govt is going to be able to do this w/o increasing our taxes & everything we buy to pay for it?
Same way every developed nation in the world with single payer spends less public funds on healthcare than the US does.
It's the government, don't you know how they operate? There will always be a wait. Employees can be rude, 0% customer service!Junk equipment
yes get employers out of the health insurance game, they have been scamming the system from day one
But it will stand in the way of fascist oligarch greed & profiteering opportunism and they own the GOP Congress. So, no.
Oboy Obama care. Just one option Oboy. OBAMA IS back run
Wish I could get a kick back from the Obama's care. Show me how to follow the dollar.
How the ACA and US History Shaped Healthcare
https://wearethefutureofhealthcare.com/005-aca-us-history-shaped-healthcare-patti-wahl/ …
We r already 20 tril in debt due 2 medicare. You
want more of that? Take a finance class once. #everythingfreeforeveryone #mathsense
But, it'll bankrupt America..that's for sure! Politicians are NOT accountants as is evidenced by their behavior!
If you like the idea of having what our soldiers have to deal with-no choice waiting for simple care-call it what it is #VACareForAll
Right, instead the entire country goes bankrupt
You have no right to someone else's labor. Unless you're their owner. How many people do you own?
Source?
B.s. get a job pay your own way get off entitlements
NO it will keep ppl dependent on the govt & under their control rather than be FREE to make their own choices for their lives.
I kind of hear you, but we all pay for roads, emergency services, schools, this seems simular.
Medicare is already set to be bankrupt in 2028.  How is this a good idea?
Instead they'll go bankrupt from higher taxes!
We would go bankrupt as a nation... Sad but true
#MedicareForAll  will expand our FREEDOM. We need to say this explicitly. Free of opressive debt. Free from life limiting health issues.
No it won't
If you have cancer w/o hc, w/ declining health & mounting debt, you are not free. #Medicare4All eases that burden that expans your freedom
Nope
Ok friend. Blessing to you.
Usa is bankrupt
& remember 90% of , at the end of the day we end up with MORE money in our pockets because of single payer!
U would be using that money to pay more in taxes b/c taxes would have to fund #MedicareForAll .
It makes everyone Govt slave. Long wait times, no 2nd opinion, forced treatments, forced euthanasia. Medicare for poor. Free Market for rest
And require trillions in tax increases & force doctors out of the profession with outrageous price controls more quickly than even now.
I thought Ocare fixed this.
Prove it. (Is ok, we know you can't.)
Yeah, now we can go bankrupt paying increased taxes instead.
We already pay more per-capita in taxes towards healthcare than countries with single payer.
“Non-citizen voter registration is a violation of election law in all U.S jurisdictions. dnc plan use foreign population to suppress citizen
HOW may I ask
It also won't get signed by Trump and will deepen divisions between party members. Like a policy version of the 1980 presidential primary.
Nobody expects Trump to sign this. This could unite the party in the direction it needs to go and shake off Reaganism once and for all.
Medicare is in dire condition due to open border Ryan and their insistence on subsidizing half of Mexico and illegals numbers of Third world
But the country will go bankrupt especially with open borders! So everyone will lose
Bernie sanders back in 2015 tell how under Obamacare $13 inflate to $600 anti-parasitic? need mark up limit at 140% so no fed subsides abuse
Yes, and #1 cause of bankruptcy in U.S. is in fact medical debt! When Europeans and Canadians hear this for the first time, they go: "WTF?"
need to prevent future illegal immigration then first.both tech/medical giants use daca/dapa to abnormal inflate prices.excessive beauaracy!
