Right now, too many Americans are one big illness away from financial ruin.
Right now, too many Americans can't go to a doctor or fill prescriptions because they can't afford it.
Right now, too many Americans have to make the choice between life essentials like food – and health care.
#MedicareForAll is a crucial step in the march towards ensuring life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness for every American.
Our nation is too great & noble to have an unjust health care system where access is granted solely on one’s economic status #MedicareForAll
We can do better. America is a nation that fought & won important battles on justice, equality, access. We can win #MedicareForAll
Since 1980s GOP has denied government domestic programs.
For a rebuttal, see
Reaganomics vs the Modern Economy. A copy has been sent to you.
If the failure of Obamacare told us anything, it's that the government shouldn't control healthcare.
US citizens pay astronomically more than others in the developed world for healthcare which was an issue before Obamacare.
Obamacare obviously wasn't good as it didn't lower prices but it was a step in the right direction with millions gaining health insurance
No one was denied healthcare prior to Obamacare. It has done nothing but skyrocket premiums. The gov is inept at running anything
What??? You mean Emergency room care??? Dude that is not health care, that is a $5000 band aid.
Right, but where I live there is a health dept, free/volunteer clinics and Medicaid. No one goes without healthcare.
Health Depts and Medicaid are government run. Medicaid won't cover you unless you're poor and Health Depts/clinics don't do emergency care.
But it's all available. No one is denied. Obamacare hasn't fixed anything
It's not the governments responsibility to provide you with health care or anything else, have you ever heard about personal responsibility?
Probably not, you're a Big Government Liberal!!
You just passed a $700 BILLION Defense budget!!  What's more important?  Killing strangers abroad or us here at home?!
Absolutely not!
BS answer , the only way something like this can pass is only US Citizens and all government employees participate.
It only costs $32 TRILLION$
Our great grandchildren can pay it
using Billion dollar bills in wheelbarrows
Nah, I'm pretty sure the real question is whether we can afford it. Nice try, though.
We pay far more per person under our current system than any single-payer system, and have worse health outcomes!
Not true
No? http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-system-cost …
We do pay more.  My statement was about health outcomes.

lol......11 on healthy lives is that do to healthcare or personal choice of lifestyle?
"Healthy Lives"= mortality amenable to medical care, infant mortality, and healthy life expectancy at age 60.
Since when is health care a Gov responsibility ??? Did you ever think of having people work rather than being on the dole ???
Well said, Sir. 
Good point! 
Health insurance from social security disability they took away plan.B in July with 6 phone calls and proper paper work no response NICE
As an active duty military spouse whose government now runs my health care I can say you need to get out of my health care. It's deplorable
Nobody's suggesting govt run health care (like Vets Admin). Single-payer = we all have the same insurance (lower cost) to pay our doctors
And government run, what are you missing?
This will cost less than the current system. No deductibles (which is a form of taxation) or copays. Better health outcomes.
It all sounds great, really. But where are the numbers to prove it will be less expensive. Hope they are provided soon.
https://www.facebook.com/PlanetActivist1/posts/510278802640540 …
Good article. Thx. SP is the goal. The concern is paying for it thru taxes is more complex than Bernie suggests.
We've gotta start somewhere. If other countries with less tax revenue and ppl can do it, we can
I implore Corey Booker 2020
I'm not buying it for one second. It's easy to show support for a bill that isn't going to pass...
If you had a supermajority is you would weasel your way out of it. No way you take 300K from big pharma...
and all of a sudden you're for single-payer healthcare. You and you're donors know this wouldn't pass, so your donors said it was ok.
Mr Booker, please talk with those who manage Canada's Medicare system!! If we can do it, you guys can too! It takes fee/cost negotiation.

You're an exposed fraud, supporting a bill you know won't pass.

Funny you never asked this question earlier. "How much longer can Americans afford to buy overpriced NJ pharmas instead of Canadian ones?"
Your bill estimated coast is $3.2 Trillion. That's doubling the federal budget. Should I expect my taxes to double?
thats not a question thats an opinion.  government should not be in the healthcare business with the exception of the VA. competition is key
Super progressive here. Thank you for your courage Cory Booker. I know this stance is hard to take. But it is the only answer.
The real question is why you're joining in this political stunt instead of focusing on stopping Graham-Cassidy and saving the ACA?
Thank you, Senator Booker! I hope you can get the rest of the Dems on your side! :)
We can't afford to wait any longer
YES! Please support @SenSanders @KamalaHarris @SenBookerOffice in bring #MedicareForAll. Health care is a RIGHT, not a privilege!
The question is: DO YOU MEAN IT? Big pharma has been quite a contributer to your campaigns. I will WAIT & SEE! I hope you are sincere!
They're both real questions, @SenBookerOffice
Think you need to focus on this new repeal threat from GOP.

INTEL: Republicans are lining up the pieces, including CBO score, for last-ditch effort to repeal ACA. Aiming for week of Sept. 25.
don't forget that Trump supported single payer healthcare. It is well documented. Hold his feet to the fire!
You can thank your good friend, Obama! He truly loves America! 
Then get behind Trump.
Insurance cos & money markets won't like it because they can't rape us for $$$? Universal Healthcare has to be tied into a flat tax system.
Why aren't you the DNC chair? We need your fingerprint on the party. 
Just sayin.
Thank you for co-sponsoring this very important bill.  #SinglePayer #Obamacare #ACA #AffordabilityMovement
Let's see BORDERWALL - TRUMPS SECURITY - TRUMPS NEXT WAR - ONE LESS AIRCRAFT CARRIER + TAX US CORPORATIONS THAT SHELTER OS = YES
Woulda been good of ya 2 support this during primaries or even before it became popular. Maybe then we wouldn't be in the situation we're in
The current medical system is financially corrupt and the only solution is a single payer system.
Finally stopped shoving snow to push good policy?
Not long. With active gvt ACA sabotage and no real path to replace it, we will have 25% uninsured by 2022, maybe 35-40% by 2026.
Sanders Booker 2020...
@SenBookerOffice you're really talking the talk. Let's see if you walk the walk.  If you don't, no worries. We'll let you know.
Vermont wouldn't even pass Medicare for All when the governor found how horribly expensive it is.
Agreed. Let's start by making sure the wealthy 1% pay taxes proportional to their earnings.
So why would Booker suddenly support #MedicareForAll? Booker is supporting it for political expediency.
Booker represents my state of NJ and he's taken thousands of dollars from private insurance companies and big pharma. #MedicareForAll
I don't buy Sen. Booker sudden support for #MedicareForAll he was against @BernieSanders bill to allow importation of drugs from Canada.
The problem with medicare-for-all is the upper class feels that health insurance is a privilege not a right you need to change their minds.
How can Americans afford endless war & Wall Street bailouts, but not #MedicareForAll & #livingwage 
No more. We're going to flip this!
And we'll flip you too if you don't get behind the people & stop paying fealty to your corporate overlords.
Nice to see you've come around senator. Now you just need to convince Schumer and Pelosi to actually fight for it too.
If you want Medicare for all make small cuts to many gov spending programs to make up for it so our tax's don't go up.
Go strictly cash for service no insurance companies and the price for medical costs will drop drasticly.
Wanna bet?
You're late buddy, keep going and you might win over some progressives, change your mind again and you will lose your cred forever
I'm pretty sure we could pay for it with the money we dump every year into corporate subsidies and war in the Middle East.
Please list the specific taxes and what the rate upticks will be in order to finance what we "canot afford not to" pay for, thanks.
Each American on average spends about $10,000 a year right now, shifting it to single payer will make it more affordable...economy of scale
@dacullington. We've been paying into Medicare throughout our working lives via taxes. I can't get HC for another 3 yrs., yet I pd. into MC
@dacullington /2, ppl from 55-65 are in that gap where insurance is so needed. I'm healthy, NS, ND, but would have had to pay $ 500-1500
Current system is a "Death Panel" for uninsured Americans. All must have healthcare & contribute to its funding. Rights+Responsibilities.
Dear Senator how long can we Americans afford to pay for non Americans we should not be giving free medical benefits away
How much longer can you afford to have Trump as President and Republicans in Congress - heading toward an autocracy.
So verytrue
People come up to me and say "Cory, can I really afford to buy a 2018 BMW?", and I say "Buddy, you can't afford not to buy one!"
If we stop funding other countries and take care of our own, of course we can. We fund Israel and they have healthcare for all, imagine that
It's not brain science with you all the way
Single payer works in other countries, but they don't completely cover every expense. We'll need massive tax hikes to accomplish this.
He 'bout buying into Medicare or Medicaid on a sliding fee scale / pro-rated basis depending on income.
You are starting to make sense. Let's make sure we make drug costs affordable as well.
Perfect. Also, how can we afford NOT to invest in clean energy? Climate change storms/events will exponentially worsen.
In this country we waste a lot of money unnecessarily let's reallocate the wasteful spending. Priorities.
We will hold you accountable on these statements.  This is a people issue.
You're gonna let the government import drugs and negotiate prices though right
How about DACA?  When is that going to the floor?
So are you going to go back on your vote against importing prescription drugs from Canada?
I love all these people that say government is the answer.  You're being led to the cliff.  Canada w/ only 30million is a mess.  Huge taxes
Why not just ask other countries how they deal with universal health care.  We spend about 26% of cost to admin. Asia 6% Why?
I live in PA. Self-employed. I pay 19,000 a year for 2. This is for a middle of the road plan. Still have co-pays. I'm not alone!
We are the richest country in the world and the only industrialized country that doesn't have a universal plan. We can afford it.
I'm all for everyone having insurance but I don't want to give mine up. I work hard to have it and it's really great.
The problem is, some of us, have great insurance through our employer. What will happen to it?
How would you know. You have a great plan!!
Most of us pay some sort of premium for health insurance now. Why can't that be paid to govt for Medicare for all?
We also can't afford not to take on big pharma over unconscionable drug prices costs/price hikes!
Then why didn't you support it when @BernieSanders proposed it in the 2016 primaries?
What is the CBO score for this plan? The VA is a single payer system, NO THANKS
Republicans are constantly dismantling the social infrastructure in favor of the military and big businesses. Cut defense spending.
#healthcareforall Question how much will our taxes go up??
Riding the wave?  Probably.  No such thing as bad publicity.
Well...can we afford it? Individual states seem to not be able to.
I too want Medicare for all too, but how will research be funded (US pays now and this lets the rest of world get cheaper medical)?
Instead of platitudes, point out facts, like ~18% cost reduction for getting insurance co's out from between patients and doctors day one.
3 trillion on wars on middle east. We can afford #MedicareforAll
"Critics" don't seem to question whether you can afford siphoning trillions into war makers and tax breakers . Please publish their names
Focus Democrats! Jumping the gun will mess 2018 up. Fix ACA and make Medicare for all a long term goal. Medicare is a mediocre plan.
Stupid critics!  Who cares whether we can pay for it?  Senator Booker WANTS it don't you understand?  Worrying about paying is for chumps.
Yes and now we need voices to continue to make the case...
I mean, isnt the money in the military  budget? Or at least a large portion?
How about you get us out of debt and we'll see if we can afford it?
Under "Medicare for all", how and where would  would Congress, SCOTUS AND POTUS obtain medical coverage/care?
63, pay 1800 a month with a 6000. Deductible. None of you are helping me!!
So true, way too much scare mongering from the republicans. Wait times etc. Insurance co should NOT be controlling your HEALTH . Wake up 
If we can find trillions for war in foreign countries, we can find the money for healthcare that benefits everyone.
Mr. U.S. SENATOR NJ....YOU IN NICE SUIT..TIE GET IN FRONT OF EVERY LIVE CAMERA..NEEDY PEOPLE IN NJ NEED YOU, BUT YOU ONLY PERFORM ON CAMERA
Without massive acquisitions of privately owned healthcare facilities, single payer is not going to work like people think. #4thamendment
Obama care isn't good for working people.
Id pay 400 a year is less then car insurance
Do you have 10 years to hear the 32 Trillion reasons?
Evidently you moved on from DACA and Russia. Like 30 healthcare tweets from u.
I am not willing to make others pay more taxes to pay for my responsibilities
That's simply a stupid rhetorical question.
https://twitter.com/ActualFlatticus/status/908076909715746816 … AND blocked substantial savings for AM People by voting against buying Pharma drugs from Canada. #PhonyPopulist
You've done exactly that for four years. https://twitter.com/RoseAnnDeMoro/status/908042642629435392 …
If this is ur best answer u have a lot of work to do...SMH!
How do other countries manage healthcare for all? Not perfect but it sure saves lives & bankruptcies. Billions on wars OK
Does this mean you will also stop taking hundreds of thousands of $$ from big pharma??? That's one way to help lower drug prices.
You want my vote, start helping ppl like us.  You were a great mayor in Newark.  Be an even better Senator. I believe in you.
But even them I play catch up and borrow just so I can walk. Doesn't seem fair. Let alone those who need meds to live. Shit has got 2 chamge
300 ea month, before the donut hole. This stuff has got to stop. It's unfair as there's nothing I can do about it. Thank god I can run a tab
Meds I pick up 3 times ea month. On fixed income it can't be done. I have 7 meds, and on top of what I pay for coverage I spend well over 1/
Cory go on Chapo
I'm on disability, and can't afford a 10 day supply of meds to shoot to almost 100 dollars. WE NEED YOU TO HELP US SEN BOOKER.
If the defense budget were cut, I'm sure we could find the money. Btw, my 'rx coverage' hit the donut hole. Meds went from 15$ to 97.
Wow you are clever...
Ur logic=anecdotal. Pls do $ analysis & solve for #RightThingToDo. US gets healthier, system gains efficiency =future$. Who administers?
