CLIMATE CHANGE IS NOT REAL
CO2 does not control climate
man does not control climate
ice melting keeps level same
I know, I went to the doctor who said I should exercise more. I then went to 97 other doctors and 1 said I'm fine. I'm fine, see!
The “97 percent” figure in the Zimmerman/Doran survey represents the views of only 79 respondents out of 3000 who listed climate science
expertise & said they published more than half of their recent peer-reviewed papers on climate change. 79 out of 3000+ doesnt make majority
Because private medical industry steals our money. Epi-Pens going from under a hundred dollars to over five hundred is what happens
That's bullshit, where did you learn economics? Trump U? With so many specific meds that have no comp this happens with more then pens.
Still doesn't explain why you have such a childlike view on economics. If we had a generic for everything it would just be government run
part 1) America should be ashame that as a so called wealthy country, have other countries doing more for it's people than America, when it
part 2) comes to "HEALTHCARE"... These countries represent their people equally when it comes to "HEALTHCARE" no matter what's the income
part 3) or age(elderly) of the individual. Check out Senator Sander's tweet about Canada's "HEALTHCARE SYSTEM".  Affordable "HEALTHCARE INS.
part 4) COVERAGE" should be available to every man, woman. & child, no matter if they are wealthy, middle class, working poor, & in poverty.
part 5) America's "HEALTHCARE INS. COVERAGE" should provide insurance that is easy to understand and easy to "BUY". There should be no
part 6) medical exam necessary because it doesn't matter if you're having health problems prior of attaining your ins. coverage. To make it
part 7) even more convenience for the people, you don't have to meet w/any insurance agent or walk into an insurance office to secure this
part 8) health care coverage. It would be nice to get the insurance by mail or even on the computer. YOU DECIDE... WITH ALL THIS HACKING ON
just because you don't pay for something when you leave doesn't mean it's free.... smh...
Yes, but when they need the care they can get it. Care first, money questions later
He would have still received the exact same care here. With or with out insurance.
Had he actually gotten the care, his mother would have been slapped with a fat bill afterwards as a requirement for receiving care
Yes, thats how goods and services are exchanged.
But healthcare isn't like other goods or services. If your phone breaks, you don't die. If your body stops working, you do
You NEED medicine
Government continually misappropriates funds.  I dont trust them with my money.  You will learn not to rather.
I agree that the government often does misuse funds. There are solutions including greater oversight and transparency. Not ending taxes.
Idiots like Ryan says healthcare isn't a right or an imposition of the Government.
Move there your more in line with a socialist goverment
Um. Our governments aren't socialist. They try to privatize things at every turn & insist on maintaining a carnivorous capitalist structure.
Trotsky! Trotsky!!! TROOOOTSKYYYYYY!!!!! I mean uh... pardon me...

In all seriousness I'm essentially a social progressive utopian realist.
My politics also overlaps heavily with that of Pirate and Green parties. Naturally. I advocate openly for a post scarcity style of economy.
How any country can call itself civilised and not have equal health care for all regardless of wealth is crazy. #ShameonyouAmerica !
Well it cost money. People have to be paid. Why should someone have to spend their money on someone else?
In the U.K. we have compassion for people. No one should be allowed to suffer or die due to a lack of money!
Nobody should be forced to pay for someone else's misfortion. Especially the ones that make poor decisions then expect to have everything.
What about someone who gets cancer? Is that a poor decision?
Refer back to my first statement. Also people can donate. Let the people decide where their money goes instead of government.
I'm so glad I live in a country where we treat each other with dignity!
I'm sorry but I don't think the poor should have extra rights because their poor.
There is nothing inspiring about it. It's how civilized countries take care of their citizens. We should try it.
Absolutely right. Lived in Canada a few years....superior. Providing health care - a basic human right, and the decent human thing
Nobody should have free healthcare. Reason being because it forces people to spend money they can't necessarily spend on others.
Even in countries like Canada, people do not have "free" healthcare. They pay premiums. It's just afforabke and accessible to EVERYONE
Also you know damn well what I meant by free.
Thing can break you
Thats why you save your money not get the government involved. Everytime the government gets involved with money things get worse.
I would respectfully disagree. When dishonest govt gets involved, yes, it gets worse. Look at Obamacare...Trump had a chance to make it
What about the ppl that die waiting years for cancer treatments?
Reality check:
It's just the way we live healthcare in Italy. Not easily, but the rightest.
They paid, just through their taxes, what's your point?
This is what we risk losing. Be careful what you wish for #Vote #NHS #GE2017 #BernieSanders
Very inspiring. Everyone should read this story.
http://www.upworthy.com/when-her-5-year-old-broke-his-leg-this-mom-raised-0-its-actually-inspiring?c=utw3&utm_content=buffer9968c&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer …
that's a great story Bernie!! But we don't live in Canada.
Well you havnt kept your promises to fix the VA so I see no fix here maybe get rid of insurance all together? Wouldn't that make it work?
Inspiring story 
The article disproves the necessity this is by mentioning the donating part. Why not just donate to them instead of forcing others to pay?
YES!! #singlepayerhealthcarenow
This is what we need!!!
Healthcare a right not luxury Let's fix what we have and not start over #MAGA #HealthCareForAll I mean everything is covered & everyone
As German-American I am gifted with a Horizon most Americans don't have. What really scares me is the brutal Ignorance about science + Facts
Very inspiring that Americans voted in a President who tries to take away the health care of millions of poor citizens. #embarrassing
single mom of 3. Went for routine visit. Got bill for $500..i pay close to $600 monthly for insurance. scared to use bc of this kind of sh#$
This could be us!
If I want to be a Canadian I'll go to Canada. Ther wasn't any go fund me's till Dems healthcare.
Poor Bernie , crooked Hillary mopped the floor with you and cheated all the way.  You lost she lost the Democrat party lost
It's the same in France... For now...
I would say in Europe
Same in U.K. Meds free too, or capped at $7.70 per item in England, Wales & Scotland free ! #saveourNHS
We salute Bernie for the agendas and values you have raised for whole mankind.The story is really inspiring...
@eriqmarch Except in British Columbia where they still charge most people "premiums" every month!
We have the same rights in Sweden It is a human right we pay through the tax even the poor get sick
Man this actually made me laugh a lot. I like how they led it.
Good troll Bernie, now we need to share this to Trump

In Europe as well. Simply amazing
Senator, as a UK citizen, I cannot comprehend why the so-called "Christian" nation of the USA cannot adopt some kind of single-payer system!
When my HS son did the same thing last year, we ended up paying around $100 for 2 months of X-rays and check-ups. We live in Japan.
It's not free. But it's not a free fall, either. We don't fear medical disaster. We live carefully, but confident that the safety net works
You two are the worst. Makes me laugh. How's those three houses treating you, Bernie?
I hope to one day meet you Mr. Sanders, and personally thank you. I could write books about how much you have helped me.
It's because of those money trees. It's just free. No one pays #batshitcrazyunclebernie
Yea, I want to live in a country where no one has to pay the Dr or hospital or for drugs and I don't even have to ask good hearts for help.
To Canadians it's crazy that a country as 'advanced' is so far behind, our system isn't perfect but I sure as hell won't die from being poor
#PublicOption @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @GOP @POTUS
Move there you're very close being from Vermont
As usual you more lies from Brooklyn Bernie. Tell them about not suing the Dr for malpractice. Tell the ppl about lobbyist how corrupting
What about cancer treatments or more in depth treatments? They walk in & still get treated that fast? Go back to Venezuela where you belong!
We are so lost in this nation. I am so embarrassed for us at this moment in history. 
- Canada is north of a few more states than Minnesota :) but throughout all of it, yes, we are very fortunate.
Canada just looks NICER all the time
wow!
Totally love this! My daughter has broken her arm 4 times...
6 y/o broke an arm, x-ray and cast, no setting, no surgery, $1800 ($6K deductible!)
your greasy goblin magic doesn't fool me, satan
Great story & a stark contrast to the US
Didn't know where this was heading at first. Inspiring.
A must-read for everyone. Thank you Bernie. #accessmatters
In Argentina also.
@Dazeroh
Please move to impeach!
why are there no peoples marching the gates of Big Pharma coast to coast, ringing bells and shouting SHAME!!?
Thanks Bernie! We hope you can convince the naysayers that socialized medicine is the only option in a civilized society. Good luck! 
My life story but I live in Texas I dnt pay I gt threatening calls & they dnt care I'm disabled fighting 4 SSDI STILL
This is so funny I love u
Canada, eh? 
Inspiring?? It's a banal NORM in 21st century 4 developed rich countries 4 kids who break their legs 2 have them treated free & effective
In New York everyone gets treated. In Canada many patients come to ny as they have to wait lengthy periods of time for care.
BS. 52K in 2014 came to U.S. That's out of 35 million people. Know what PERCENTAGE that is of the population?? Do the math. Oh Canada. 
I'm a nurse. U do the math. More would come if convienient. However your drug cost has us beat
I was a nurse and worked in the US for a year...Don't get sugg. more Amer would go to Can for med care if it were more convenient. Why?
No more Canadians would come if convienient with travel etc. the long wait for care is major complaint. Ours not perfect butbeats socialism
Uninformed BS.Do you even know that 75% of the Canadian population lives within 100 miles of the US miles of the US border?Didn't think so.
Margaret um through with this. U stay there and enjoy ur insurance.
Ok, that's an Emergency that HAD to be taken care of
 Other situations may be put on THE WAITING LIST. Not so easy.
A patently weak argument if there ever was one.
So proud to be Canadian. I love my country.
Bait and switch. Nice.
Similar story to tell of my children in the UK...
Because no doctors in her area had any openings for patients. Or the long waits for appointments and care.
Canada is a HUGE country. Much larger than the US. With far less population so of course there are stories like this. Try to keep up.
What they won't tell you are about the people, like my Canadian friend, who have to drive 100-200 miles to see a doctor... 1/2
Canadians can claim that they live in the Best country in world...God bless us in America..we need it!!!
Democrats and Republicans, don't want it. They make their money off of you being sick. For profit health care is a crime against humanity.
Isn't it though!
But as @MissDCUSA said," healthcare is a privilege".
Not just inspiring. It's normal. It's sane. It's civilized. H.R. 676
Starting in 2018 all medications for children will be free. At present meds for seniors are free.
How do we get that?  How can we incorporate this plan here in the US.  So much $$$ goes to the Insurance Companies, and the poor pay for it.
Without the NHS I would have died when I was 14. It saved my life and I've paid tax & nat.ins. for following 50 yrs.
The more we start talking about Health CARE instead of Health Insurance, the more we'll get on the right path. Like every other major nation
They don't. Maybe a handful of extremely rich Canadians  (even if several thousand, wouldn't be significant percentage) but most don't.
What a dumb question.
Dumb question because Americans with enough $ can pay  for what they need so why would they need to go elsewhere . Obvious.
Inspire yourself back to vermont.. sell out
Loose with the truth!!! 1) fed rules require that child is provided care as it was an emergency 2) if can't apply for charity & medicaid
Remember how much of a chump you looked like when you let those ladies kick you off your own stage?  I still laugh about it.
Lived in Canada for a few years....the health care system is superior. And Linda Pitler is right...it's what any civilized nation would do
Yes, we get it, you prefer forced debt slavery and theft under the threat of violence rather than voluntary cooperation and charity.
That would be a valid point if not for the fact that the usa already spends more tax dollars per capita on Healthcare than Canada does.
Correct Jason, the level of HC delivered in the USA is higher than Canada, so imagine imposing full socialized HC? At least double the cost.
Not at all. The Canadian Healthcare system rates almost equal to the USA on basically every health care metric devised except wait times.
Quantity & quality of doctors & nursing staff, access to equipment & supplies, number of beds, number of hospitals, slower emergency care?
YEH , 150 years of civility & humanity and counting 
Love it.
Instead of that, we're stuck with Pharmaceutical Companies, Hospitals, Banks, and credit agencies all making huge profits off a human right
And yet here in the UK we have a party in govt hell bent on dismantling our NHS in favour of a US style system, sold to US healthcare corps.
I can't believe you have to pay for a child to have a broken leg repaired in one of the world's richest nations? Surely not true?
Yup..our system isn't perfect, we pay our taxes and on every street corner WE see what we pay for in public buildings for ALL..clinics..ETC.
Please run in 2020
you actually really have to give the WHOLE STORY there is no such thing as free. Canadians pay an extra tax on everything-TAX ok
it's disgusting the way you deliberately lie and twist facts. It also wrong
And what extra tax on everything might that be?
This is amazing
So you should move to Canada Bernie. Bet you can't afford 3 houses there though.
I have a similar story, except I live in Texas and therefore have thousands to pay in medical bills after my 2-yr-old broke his leg.
So unbelievable that no one looks into how we can do this! Thanks Bernie Sanders for bringing this to the forefront again and again! 
That's the best way to help Americans. All the rich Hollywood elite and silicone Valley elite. Donate to make health centers. Not the govm!
Shud b a law that EVERY piece of legislation MUST include FACTUAL EVIDENCE of suppositions, otherwise NO VOTE.
So grateful that I live in England, and, providing the Conservatives don't get their way, the NHS will survive. Get with the program, USA,
Yes, we should trust our healthcare to morons like you who are complicit in bankrupting our country you fraud
you don't what you're talking about. You're taking the word of people taking bribes from the insurance industry
And better than that... not just in Canada but in the U.K all Europen countries, Australia, New Zeland, etc
And yet here in the UK we have a party in govt hell bent on dismantling our NHS in favour of a US style system, sold to US healthcare corps.
In italy is the same. for everyone: rich, poor, tourists, illegals...
even if there are people who stole money from the budget, it works.
Indeed. Never been a better time to be a Canadian 
Best tweet ever!
Sanders is quickly becoming the ironyboi we need
Maybe you should move to Canada.
We have the same system in Denmark  @rufusgifford has seen what we can do - why don´t all do it the same way ??? It´s not that complicated
Most informed persons are aware Canada has a good health care system. I'm in favor. You gonna propose this as alternative to A.H.C.A. ?
This could have occurred in all western & European  nations & Russia and China- only USA too stupid to look up and see it. Paid my taxes 
Bernie 2020!!!!!
Same here in Israel. I can't imagine having to make budget based decisions on my health.
I was in the hospital for a suspected stroke 3 years ago. Ambulance+CT,+EKG+3 days in neurology. 
Total cost- $5 ×2 for my parents' parking.
#covfefe = COVER F'ING EVERYTHING FOR EVERYONE!!!
Same in Norway. Free hospital.
And Canada is still a member of the Paris Accord, we accepted Syrian refugees caught in the crossfire of a US/Russia funded civil war etc.
Don't forget Canada and European countries can afford this because we give Up on crazy military spending. Are you ready for it? We are!
They tax the crap out of their people to pay for it. If you have to pay a tax to get healthcare it's not free
Tax the crap? It works out to about $75 a month to not have to worry about medical care. Whether it's a cut or cancer. Put people above $.
How long are your waiting lists for routine procedures and specialist visits? Where did you get that figure.
Average wait for tonsils out in BC is 9 weeks. They publish wait times online. https://swt.hlth.gov.bc.ca/faces/Wooden.xhtml …
@MsVeracruzXXX @GabiPaltrova @SexySerenaB @ArielRebel Go Canada!  Free healthcare with a viable economy and no anarchy. It can be done.
My parents (dad's Canadian) are considering moving to Canada 'cause of this. My bro has LGS; his meds & frequent hospital visits = expensive
Can you imagine such a thing?  I can.  But make America Covfefe Again #MACA
@eriqmarch you got cucked by Hillpig 
HOLY SHIT BERNIE YOU TROLL. I CAN'T BREATHE I'M LAUGHING SO HARD.
This story could have occurred also in Italy
Same would happen here in Austria  I love my country!
Similar to stories I've read about in the U.K.  Amazing!
And yet here in the UK we have a party in govt hell bent on dismantling our NHS in favour of a US style system, sold to US healthcare corps.
Israel also has universal healthcare, yet we send them US tax $ for their defense... so they can spend their tax $ on their healthcare. Hmm,
This is much the same in the UK. I find it amazing that the "great" USA can't get something like this organised for its citizens.
But we have more freedom! We can keep our legs broken or go bankrupt from hospital bills. Much better! /s
That's alright then. (But I think I'd prefer to get the leg fixed....)
Why should I pay to subsidize your broken leg? I'll never get sick!Go Trump!!!So shameful America,and worse with that heartless turd!!!
You realize they do actually pay... through taxes. But since they don't see the connection it seems 'free' & ends up being less efficient
So where does the rest of the money come from?  Or do doctors just get less or nothing?
The same drug companies that spend millions lobbying politicians?
I have an idea Bernie Move to Canada and while you're up there get them to stop fracking for oil.
#BURNieSanders #truth

What's uninspiring is when healthy people pay fine for staying healthy non govt empls pays over $15k to buy high deductible plan.
The #trumprussia new bots are starting up! They are posting on @SenSanders page.
Holy shit this is great
Big Pharma and the privatization of health care has ruined America #nWo

Crowdfunding for healthcare is unacceptable. Canadians are fortunate. We're not. We're last:
Germany actually has a sort of universal healthcare since 1883 :)
Well played 
Yay works on both levels. Well played by . And the Bernmeister.
Same happened to me in France, amazing !
Ahaha!! This is an amazing bait & switch!! Nicely done, sir.
As a special needs mama, one of the biggest weights on my shoulders would be finances. We are drowning.
If Canada can do this, so should the .
#themoreyouknow 
#MedicareForAll
Agreed...but 4 that we need to get rid of both democrats and republicans. Dems are actually bad. They think subsidizing will solve problems.
Bernie, YOU should raise Billions for Americans left behind using YOUR money.
one of trump/Russia's new bots.
I bet your just LOVE Jerky Brown. Free love, Free phones, Free money, on and on and on and on...
I was going to make a joke about how they must have been in Canada.
Then I read it and it turns out that my joke was the reality.
Damn, I didn't you could roast people.
Didn't know* was what I meant to say.
Who do you support in UK election, Bernie?
tony benn
So Bernie avoided the draft decades ago like Trump
