Americans were mandated to get this insurance.. what type of government does that to its own people.. force them to get something.
Germany. One of the best health care systems in the world.
How many people does Germany have?  Cmon now let's be serious.
82 million. + France, Sweden, Finland, Norway, Spain, Poland, Netherlands, Belgium, Austria which have similar systems. 
Bt do either of those countries have 300 million++ ? No they do not.
They also don't spend trillions on maintaining the military lobby happy
Read the constitution. The main job of govt is to provide a strong defense for its citizens. NOT TO  PROVIDE HEALTH CARE
Read the actual constitution, Section 8. Common defense and General welfare. Both right there together
Insurance does not = healthcare. When you have a high deductible you have no insurance! ACA has no tort reform and no cross state plan!
Quit with the fake inflated numbers were not stupid their are only 6 million people enrolled as of now the projected enrollment was 3x that
If your numbers for projected enrollment are down by so much now why would you use the same numbers run out to 2026
Bernie stay strong and help us Americans from GOP

DEM's plan
1. Lie about how many people die
2. Keep moving towards single payer
3. Keep giving taxpayer money to insurance companies

Yet YOU keep tweeting "lock her up." Without bashing Hillary there's nothing to unit Trump supporters cuz he's the original Nothing burger.
With cheese. And hateful sauce.

Bernie, obama is envious of all who are successful and is very happy to be a government employee parasite and demand that people pay his way
Have you tried uniformizing medical acts payment by mandating the surgeon general to negotiate prices with doctors across your country?
I see HIGH NATH was never your strong point. BULLSHIT IS..
America needs universal healthcare insurance run healthcare is just wrong
He only wants it changed so we can call it "trumpcare" sad little man 
I wonder how you all pull those numbers out of nowhere when you haven't even read the thing comprehensively enough to make these statements?
Just ask @NancyPelosi simple Bernie! lol
1-Lies. There's a difference between 'losing' coverage & one CHOOSING not to have it.
2-Lies. See 1.
3-Lies. See 2.
What say you on the increasingly high deductibles & plans for those that are currently enrolled in Obamacare?
How low can they go. I hope it's zero
Go Bernie, go get em!!!
Insurance IS corporate greed.
sensanders your a dope , get your facts corrected    no wonder you lost
Well, Old Bernie...at least that many lost Healthcare, when the ACA was forced upon the American People!
Bernie Sanders Campaign
1) Make lots of promises
2) Take $$ frm millennials
3) Get spanked by DNC
4) Take $$$$ frm clintons
5) Get 3rd house
So, taking away INSURANCE  from 30 million to place deranged #Obamacare is OK? You sir are delusional
So sad!  Republican GOP just do not care!
How do I find the list of 15 million that lose insurance?  I'd like to know if I'm on it.
But they will have the best health care and the American people will pay for it .
1 I don't trust you Bernie you are a fraud 2. Could you site your sources to support you statements 3 what's the status of bank fraud inv.

Yep!
Retweet to #StopTrumpCareNow!
What do all #GOPhealthcare plans have in common? Killing thousands of people who depend on #ACA coverage!
How dramatic and false, anyone who believes that garbage is seriously idiotic ! Before aca no deaths after bankrupt famlies ..fact!!!
Just wondering, did Senator McCain use the wonderful insurance the American people provide to treat his brain cancer?
Idiot
None of the above. I choose:
4- #MedicareForAll
This Republican agenda obsession is the greatest threat facing the American People today!  Even ONE losing insurance is unacceptable!
I find it sad that @SenJohnMcCain  has access to amazing Healthcare,  but feels the rest don't. What makes him so special? #hypocrisy
This is inaccurate. You can't say it's "taken" from those who simply choose not to buy it.
4 - kill people as fast as possible.
Meanwhile more outstanding morals by the president.
We all know Melania has been schtupping the security guy at Trump Tower.
I’ll be good once it hits 0 Americans and instead adds people
Take a small college in Vermont and bankrupt it
75% of people would opt out because of no more mandate, don't twist the facts
@JusticeWithJean Might have thought about this last year.
None of the above. Fix anything wrong w/ Obamacare or go with single payer. Work with Dems. Reps are obstructionists if they don't reach out
What's is an acceptable amount of uninsured people republicans ask ? The answer is 0!
Just grateful I have Medicaid for the moment. Argh. 
Socialist pos... another democratic fraud that the foolish left actually buy into! Lmao
This is how Donald J. Trump & his Republican minions believe in making America great again; oppressing & killing the American people. Sick!
Insane
Support The Cunningham Plan 4 Universal Healthcare &Tax Reform
Repeal and Replace Obamacare, Medicare Medicaid
Tax Equality
KRC
Take insurance from government employees including Congress
One system of healthcare 4 All
$100 monthly individual contribution
How about none of the above
Your numbers are scewed
Hope you find this Humorous
I am a supporter of our president but i stand behind you on health care! yes health care is a free choice if you have the money!
You are a pariah and great arguement for term limits. You more than lost GO AWAY
Healthcare is a right - but the better positioning ought to framed as a strategic national economic (and even national security) priority.
How can Republicans get away with a plan to openly murder millions of Americans?
The bottom line is this they do not want to give us shit! What a scam they have more then enough to share. Its our tax’s Share more
Support term limits an end the $175,000+ lifetime annual salary for Congress an senators.
Instead of constantly bashing the Republicans, why don't you tell us WHY these people can't buy their own insurance. You're really annoying
IF I HAD BUT 1 WISH, IT WOULD BE FOR ALL BUT A FEW GOP SENATORS BE FIRED FROM THEIR SEATS. THEY R NOT 4 THE PPL, BUT 4 THEM. SO SAD!!
God help America
Well when you get to the 15 million. Those are the 15 million who would simply choose not to buy the overpriced plans they are forced to now
Listening 2 Dems after Senate voted on healthcare. All they talk about is Medicaid. They screwed up everybodies insurance to expand Medicaid
1. Medicaid is not health insurance. 
2. 6M people lost real Health Insurance under Ocare.
3. Ocare Insurance does nothing for Health Care
'Not a care in the world.'
I'd prefer the trend be take insurance away from everyone and go toward a single-payer healthcare system! #SinglePayerNow #MedicareForAll
The numbers become irrelevant when the plan is to TAKE.
Sanders' Healthcare plans. 

1. Rob the working class to pay for the lazy. 
2. Become communist nation
3. Free Healthcare footed by laborers
Introduce amendment to provide ALL Americans with same health coverage that senators and congress get! Put them on the record!!
The truth is if they aren't fighting for everybody, then they aren't fighting for anybody.
Stop fear mongering... No-one will lose insurance. It will be replaced... Duh
And of course you have proof of this?
we need to impeach Trump an quit pussyfooting around before he causes more problems get him out

Given enough time, they might end up with a plan that finally insures more people. And then they can start calling themselves democrats
I don't know how anyone thinks this president is a good president.
Wow - meaning the mass murder will soon start. No protests from those retards and blockheads that elected the devil?
A summer reading suggestion for our legislators:
How about take away special HC compensation for lawmakers, make them deal w/ the same HC as constituents, so they will be motivated to fix!
Lie, lie, lie... Why don't you just move to Venezuela?
If ur in #CA, we need reps 2 TAKE ACTION on #SB562 #HealthyCA. Call State Senator, Assembly rep, & @JerryBrownGov 2 demand #Medicare4CA NOW.
And your Obamacare took 100s of millions decisions away
@GOP this is the best you can do for the working class folks that voted for u??? Shameful!
1 take bernies house to pay for healthcare 2 take his other house 3 still has a house to live in

And the billions of tax cuts to the super wealthy stay about the same. Senate Republicans making fools of themselves. @SenateMajLdr
Bernie's plan is to turn American into Venezuela. No thanks!
I don't understand why you're waiting to introduce your #SinglePayer bill. Get it on the floor now and start pushing it. #SinglePayerNow
Why don't you take another paid to play Vacation stonewaller of Justice you corrupt man and your wife!! What did you to say to that shooter?
Maybe if they keep putting out shitty bills, they'll eventually get to one that kills negative people! #SinglePayerNow
LOL! Good one Benny! Oh how I wish you were my president! Oh how I wish!
Lets not forget we still have millions uninsured. ->
All this is for the American people is a waste of time. Until you control the cost of health care you can't control the cost of insurance!
More people are going to be uninsured if the bill should go through, it terminates the mandatory coverage for employees of large businesses.
You appear to be upset at the notion of Americans free of govt mandate/coercion forcing the purchase of product,freely choosing to opt-out.
Hey, Bernie, I'll be inclined to believe you give a shit when YOU & your colleagues elect to go on Obamacare instead of your elitist plan! 
Getting closer
Republican Death Plans.
Here's a plan.
Make 32m pay for insurance. 
Make 22m pay for insurance. 
Made 15m pay for insurance. 

Be an adult. Jesus.
Can I have Option 4, take Republicans away from American people.
In seven years, they came up with "I don't wanna and you can't make me."
Thank you for helping elect Trump!! It's your fault! Please retire!
Fake news
Bernie, the real solution is getting rid of parasites like you.
Hey @bourgeoisalien, I'm down with this!
Trump math
Sanders plan- shitty coverage for everybody and hyperinflation
Baby steps??
@senrobportman please vote 1. No, 2. No and 3. No!
4. Take Newspaper from neighbor
Five or six more tries and maybe a GOP plan will come out even.
And if you take the 15million route insurance premiums also go up and average of 20%. There's no good option on the table.
@erspamert Big Gov't messes up everything it touches. Bernie is for government control of everything, he needs to help his wife
But two years to figure out single payer.
So what is your plan?
"There’ll be enough votes for something," states #SenatorCorker. Is this how Republicans restructure 1/6th of the American economy?
Drop all government healthcare & you get on Obamacare because it is so good. Put your 2 faced money were ur mouth is. #DrainTheSwamp #fake
i'll take sick dick + gone ron for $1,000 please
Sounds good. Have to start somewhere.
WOW another "original" thought from the Bern...NOT.
Bernie, you can have my ins and pay for it too.  I can't use it
4. will be at 11 million off the minimum.
They all are terrible plans. This is the only major country that refuses to help all of its citizens.
But if the rates skyrocket as predicted, a dozen million more will not be able to afford and then lose their healthcare too. #NoTrumpCare
Bernie's Plan
1. Impose O'care doubling premiums.
2.  Slip billions to health insurers unlawfully. Expand welfare.
3. Bankrupt the nation.
Bernie's plan is universal healthcare... not ACA
Socialism is better than socialism combined with crony capitalism.
Medicaid is welfare, not health insurance.
And how many have no or useless coverage because of ACA?
Burnie twitter game strong
Insurance does not equal healthcare!
What's the mathematical formula that would determine the plan # that begins adding millions, and then, changing it to coverage for all?
4-go back pre-ACA when the free market was doing a stellar job with health insurance NOT! #failingwhichiswhyACAwaspassed
@ActDontReact Bernie Sanders campaign plan: Discredit the party running against the Republicans. Now GET OUT!
I like plan 1, go back to the way it used to be
I love that you are not distracted by moronic tweets! Keep on going!!
Lies
Do you ever work. I know my job I'm to busy to be in my phone all day
I want to build @SenSanders a robot body so he can be in the gov't forever
Has the CBO ever scored something accurately? No. 73% of those 22M leave the market bc they are no longer forced by govt to buy h-care.
E é por isso que ñ se deve considerar "Vai pra Cuba!" ofensa
E é por isso que coxa nunca tem argumento
E é por isso que é em vão discutir 
@HuffPost @politico There's no bill yet!
how bout the Senators get the same healthcare they are proposing??? thanks Bernie
YOU KNOW BERNIE YOUR REALLY NUTS I WISH THEY TOOK HEALTH CARE FROM SENATE AND CONGRESS MAYBE YOU GUYS WOULD GET IT DONE
4. Take insurance from EVERYONE!
4-MASS EXSTINCTION ZOMBIES
No thanks.
Thanks for stats Bernie. You rock!
You have any idea what the deductibles on taxes are for those who don't have insurance? A bit much I say..
Bernie, you better run in '20


Shameful
Shame
Why did you vote against the Russia sanctions?
If there are only 9 million people on Obama care. How can 32 million people lose health insurance?
Bernie Sanders You know your Medicare for all Healthcare Plan is NOT AFFORDABLE it will Tax American Families an additional 38% or $26,000
If the government officials who r voting on this bill had to use the insurance themselves, they would make sure it was good insurance.
Repeal and Replace Obamacare with a Capitalist or Free Market Over State Line Healthcare is the only way to make Healthcare Affordable.
If you make it to age 65 they will give it back to you though #medicare
And raise deductibles (after griping they were too high under #ACA). This explains why it's happening:
yes Sen Sanders-that fucker is getting crazier and crazier-he should not be allowed to continue in that position. he's a sickie.
1- no
2- no
3- mmm, NO! We out!
All the new jobs will give those millions opportunity to get off welfare, get out of the unemployable line, get an alarm clock & get a JOB.
Luv ya, but what about the Transgender ban?  Got anything to say?
Hopefully we'll hit full repeal soon.
None of those are acceptable!
Sanders Plan:  single payer.. which requires US to borrow more $ from China.. soon they can call the USA - China 2. Really great plan Bernie

We're not takeing anything, we simply fixing the glitch. You are not entitled to healthcare at the cost of taxpayers. Buy your own
The constitution details the use of tax dollars, healthcare is not one of them.
Democrats healthcare bill-give 22 million insurance and make it so high for the rest of us that the people who work for can't afford to Live
Then we can penalize those that don't have health care. Think of the millions we will generate! Isn't that awesome?
If you consider health care like you consider air,  the thought of depriving myself or others until a replacement is found,  is birth contrl
You Senator, are a fear monger
Liar. CBO said millions lost would be those who WILLFULLY DROP OUT because there in no more mandate
I'll support it when it gets to zero and doesn't cost middle & lower class 1 cent more and benefits don't change.
something like this?
