No, Bernie it is not a right. And Bank fraud is still illegal.
Why isn't it? I can't understand the lack of empathy for fellow  Americans. US healthcare isn't 1 in the world except for the rich.
Health care is a human right in that you have a right to care for your health, but you do not have a right to force others to provide it
Arn't you using the things that this society provides to you. Don't you own back to it. You are helping yourself when you help others.
I agree it's good to help others, just not by force. And of course I use the stuff paid for by taxes. In most cases I don't have a choice.
How do you force others to provide it?
Someone has to pay for it (tax payers). If you don't pay taxes, you're fined and/or jailed. Thus, force is used against you to provide it.
Your job is to uphold the Constitution, but you spend all of your time arguing for things not in the Constitution.
Why do countries like Sweden, Norway, Denmark and U.K. Have better life expectancy if they have universal healthcare then. Examples exist.
Lots of things affect life expectancy, but it's not clear cut that nat'l HC systems lead to paradise on earth.
You're avoiding the argument, all other industrialized countries have better healthcare results at a lower price, that's a fact, period.
No, I'm not. You're arguing against the current HC system, which I'm not advocating.
Right, but u don't recognized the fact that a better healthcare system it's already proven, just needs to be implemented in America, period.
The fact that it's better than the over regulated system we currently have doesn't make it Best possible or constitutional.
Why not? It's already proven! It works! You do know constitution has been amended lots of times, right? But that wouldn't be needed anyway.

No one is advocating that the gov should provide the same level of firearms to every citizen. Right to bear arms does not mean be given one.
Then don't call the police or fire department for help and pave your own road.
Do you have trouble concentrating? Having universal healthcare should be a right not a privilege. Even third world countries have it!
So, will you be traveling to a 3rd world country next time you need a major medical procedure done?
No, I'm a cancer patient and I demand my government to provide health care. But basic rights it's something you don't understand .
The idea that government can steal from me to pay for you is a violation of my basic rights
What about my taxes going for your street or your fire department or police?It's for the greater good.Why can't you see that?
So when the Death Panel tells me I can't have a treatment because it's not $ effective, do I appeal 2 SCOTUS? I mean, it's a "right," right?
Wouldn't the doctors still triage medicine?
My hip looks like someone took a sledge hammer to it I was told (@52) It wasn't "cost effective" to get a replacement till 60! I'm 57 now! I use military TriCare. Oh my 2nd opinion was with the SAME doc!
Was stationed in Scotland was high risk pregnancy never 1 saw OB/GYN
Specialized hospital was hour away IF the ferry was running
10yo child needed liver trans they found a liver BUT no bed! Child died!
You people have NO CLUE abt gov HC
@SenSanders Do people who can afford better treatment deserve to be given the same quality as those who contribute 0 to health care tax?
Every human should have the best possible health care treatment, regardless if he can pay for it or not.
@MegaBaumTV  Thats not what i said! should someone who has never paid tax get the same treatment as someone who has always paid tax?
Yes.
Then you pay for it.
Yes. And if my neighbour doesnt, he should still get the same treatment. 
Money > human life or what is your position?
Im not sure what you try to say... but i guess as a human being i should get an operation if needed.
Bernie understands that he is promoting slavery.
Bernie 2020!!!
Universal Healthcare is part of a civilized society.....Reduce the defense budget and it's done !
1800 UNION MEMBERS ON #SpectrumStrike AGAINST #CorporateGreed THAT WANTS TO TAKE AWAY PENSIONS AND LOWER HEALTH BENEFITS. SAY NO 2 #Spectrum
Bernie you need to go away!
Except when your take away my access to healthcare because you are forcing me to pay for others.
The right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. To sustain life, medical care is an absolute necessity.
So why is @BernieSanders not dismantling the Health Insurance companies & Pharmaceutical companies?
Cuz their lobbyists have bought Congress

Same here in Germany.
I don't see it written in the Constitution...or elsewhere. Aren't you supposed to be a lawyer, Bernie?
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 1. "General Welfare" includes healthcare in my mind.
Maybe Venezuela, North Korea or Cuba would be a better country for you to live...or maybe not? Hypocrites
Or Sweden better schools 30 days paid vacation no homeless live longer and Better Health Care  we do have  billionaires
I would be terrified to live in Sweden now. #Socialism has destroyed this once very peaceful civilization as well...
a friend lives there loves it stop letting your news source terrify you its a tool 2 push agendas
or try Somalia libertarian Paradise no Healthcare taxes paved roads and 10 year olds can carry guns
How can Republicans be pro-life, but against universal healthcare? Thank you for fighting for what's right!
How can democrats be for killing thousands of American babies everyday
I'm Catholic, so you're quite mistaken if you think all Democrats are for "killing babies." I'm also not a Democrat. I just have a brain.
Must’ve left out the word liberal. Sorry.
You cannot simply nationalize healthcare when so many Americans are abusing their health and costing billions every year at their own will.
Thank you Bernie for everything you've done and continue to do
Healthcare is not a human right, it is a benefit we all work and pay for. BTW Bernie what does Congress and the Senate know about Obamacare
Yes but the government should not run healthcare
LOL that response. That guy got wrecked big time. How did USA not vote Bernie for president. Oh right.. the DNC wanted to be "with her". smh

Having ACA may give some insurance but does not give health care. And it is not a right.
Thank you for inspiring the resistance.
Healthcare is not a human right, it is a benefit we all work and pay for. BTW Bernie what does Congress and the Senate know about Obamacare
No it's not.
SO BERNIE, WITH THAT SAID!! W HAVE PAYS FOR YOURS!!  TAX PAYERS! TAX PAYERS! SAME PEOPLE YOU WANT TO PAY THE BILL ,FOR DEADBEATS, AND LAZY!!
No shit Sherlock how bout stop killing folks with white phosphorous bombs and depleted uranium in the Middle East imperialist war monger
Yes everything free! Healthcare, education, housing. Let's be the next Venezuela 
Tell that to Charlie Gard's parents.
There is a lady in USA who's baby has been diagnosed with same condition. Her baby does not get months on respirator bcos she is poor.
The only human rights you have are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness which affords you the right to protect the aforementioned.
Stalking my history now so I can prove you wrong yet again?  Quality healthcare is necessary for the protection of those basic human rights.
If you think you have a right to dig into my wallet for your sex change "healthcare" That's all anyone needs to know about your intellect.

I LOVE this man! I wanted him as President so badly!
who pays for this right.No where in the Constitution does it say this..  Burnie your a sell ..How's the FBI investigation goimy
Fear monger!
He says that but there are limits on every persons right to medical care. Even Bernie knows that in free healthcare countries people are denied treatment. I don’t want a government bureaucracy deciding if I get treatment or not. Or my child
they didn't die before Obama care? Lol some of us do remember those days!
Alot of Americans died when Obozo was in.

Bernie!
"Where did that right come from in your mind?"

"Being a human being."

Legend. #FeelTheBern2020
ah, the 226 year old piece of paper says we cant have universal healthcare, even though every other developed nation in the world does, damn
dude it was 1776. you could OWN people. blacks we treated as subhumans. children were exploited for labor. things progress & change.
im not saying it's irrelevant but there has to be revisions and progress
we should continue, everyone else has and it saves lives, lowers drug costs, and gets the profit motive out of whether people live or die
Mr. Bank Fraud, obamacare made insurance unusable and or unaffordable for Americans. Rates, deductibles, co-insurance & co-pays skyrocketed.
Your lack of understanding about how various forces influenced healthcare rates is as sad as your blind commitment toward proven falsehoods.
Give me your version of those various forces so I can further prove your astounding stupidity Harry Potter.
If I go to the emergency room, I get the same level of care that an illegal alien gets Mr. Bank Fraud. #BankFraudBernie
According to you doesn't that just make him a "smart businessman"?  Stay salty. ;)
Harry, you have zero understanding of reality. If JK affected your life so much maybe you should stick to reading children's  books.
Yes, people have the right to purchase health insurance or pay for a doctor's services; that's their constitutional right.
How about people who cant afford? It's ridiculous follow conversation about this when living in a country where h/c and education is free.
Comrade Bernie... Be sure to let all the Snowflakes and Lemmings know that when ObamaCare fails you own it.
Of course they will own it, goal is one payer system that will change the world healthcare, not just America's.
Then why are you supporting federal taxes, rules, and regs that's making insurance MORE expensive?
Anecdotal comment, Ross. Name those onerous rules & regs. Is it government or healthcare industry profit margins? No competition?
It's the regs that control type of coverage u can buy. And restricting competition. And forcing ppl into Medicare who can pay their own way.
Med tort reform in TX passed. Tests still redundant. Dr's sending patients 2 expensive labs and hospitals they may own part of.
You stink Bernie. You stabbed Hillary in the back. You spoiled the election. You're the reason we have Trump. Shut up & disappear. Sickening
Clothing is a basic human right.
Charlie Gard did not deserve to die because of the single payer system! Bernie should be ashamed of himself!
Fucking hell. If the family lived in America, do you really think they could afford the care the GOSH had provided?
Why'd you vote against Russian sanctions?
He voted against sanctions on Iran.
How can you claim to love politics when you know nothing about it? 
Its a violation of the Iran deal
To be thrown to the tow truck drivers, delivering a feeding frenzy between lawyers.
No Libtard. Healthcare is NOT a human right. People should have healthcare. But it is NOT a right.
Healthcare is not human right.  How foolish and stupid to spread that rhetoric.  #MAGA
Thank you Bernie for waking up US to unite against tyranny, fight for #SinglePayer4All and proposing #HR676 #End4ProfitHealthcare #UsNotMe
You don't have a RIGHT to someone else's service. It's not in the Constitution. That's like saying I have a right to free Auto Repair.
Literally one of the dumbest things ever said. Zero logic in the actual "how it is provided.
Keep saying it Bernie! This Cnd supports the right for Americans to have what we have in Canada.

Poor Bernie .... he thinks he talking to rational people that actually care about human life....welcome to 2017
#WakeUpAmerica ﹰWe can afford healthcare for all by taxing ultra wealthy who benefit from worker exploitation and raising cap.' #TaxEvilPigs
In Europe health care is free for all, that's one of the multiple things the Americans need to learn about Europe, the human rights.
Seeing the ultra-right,paid trolls below,Probebly proves your point more than they realise.The Right  crush the most vulnerable,always have.
And how did we end up with Trump instead of Bernie? I'm still pondering this...
Government in insurance is what kills people. Why aren't you on the same HC insurance that you are telling others they have to be on?
Hospitals don't have different floors based on income.  I have never seen a doctor/nurse ask how much someone make before they are treated.
You are talking to people who have lost their humanity...or never had any
http://www.yourfriendsarewrong.com/ 
The Democrat party has always been the party of slavery.
Love you bernie! True
only if u can afford it. It's not the taxpayers responsibility.
We need to find solutions to lower costs, but the insurance lobbyists are so far up your butt cheeks, the focus is on mandate not savings.
AMEN BERNIE SANDERS
When will the msm call Bernie out on this foolishness? I'd like to see a breakdown on the death and destruction he claims is imminent.
So if people no longer chose to be doctors then what, force them. You on the left embrace human bondage, intetesting.
You dont have the right to someone elses labor.
No one person has a right to another's service.
You're really a valuable person. I think when it comes to health, every human being deserves to get healthcare!
Always a voice of reason, championing the average citizen. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Yes the right to life liberty and the pursuit of happiness
You are punishing the people that feed your face and buy you anything you want.
Okay bunny so when ObamaCare implodes you Democrats can keep it all on your hands to your wonderful president you worship Obama
For somebody who claims to love Jesus, you sure don't speak like a Christian.
Couldn't believe her she doesn't know canadas numbers but knows American numbers. Then you only played the part where  she was lying.
I seriously cannot believe health can be considered a "not basic human right". In a country stating they are nr.1
Nobody has a right to someone else's labor.
No. Healthcare is not a right. We have right to life and to direct that life as we wish. But healthcare is not a right.
Maybe so, but *nobody* wants to pay for it.
If the state provide health care, everyone will benefit. Healthier population means larger productivity, same with education, real freedom
Bernie you need to get that thru the thick head of Trump & Republicians
The greatest and most powerful country on earth that is unable to give all (poor) citizens decent healthcare?
A country, using your single-payer idea of healthcare, just denied a set of parents the right to seek additional care for their dying child

THANK YOU, BERNIE!
Thanks Bernie! I don't think that guy thought about poor people as human beings. I truly believe it was news to him
Even if you have take "freedom" away from Americans to provide it?
Feel the bern!!
Too bad you don't feel Russia needs to be sanctioned, you voted against the bill
healthcare is not a human right. Nevertheless, the goal of republicans and dems alike is proidiving affordable care for as many as possible
Healthcare is not a human right??? So if someone needs chemo, but can't afford it, no one should do anything about it? mmm
Incorrect. We should do all that we can to assure that they can afford chemotherapy. ACA nor AHCA nor SBRA do so!
There are a number of reasons why healthcare is not a human right. If you don't agree with my belief, consult the National Center on Biotech

I completely agree with their sense of defining the term "healthcare," but in current sense, those that are for single payer healthcare-
- all that we mean is every human should be guaranteed their right to receive quality treatment regardless of socioeconomic status
Socialized or universal healthcare would only give minorities poorer treatment than they have in SQ
What about #CharlieGard? Did he have to die? That's what happens when you have socialized medicine. HC is NOT a right.
Healthy, cared for society = safer, productive society = more wealth and happiness for society.   Greed = desperation = crime. Easy math.
can u please leave the dem party? 2020, when u r prez,  Dems will block u all over the place. Theyr back stabbers go Independant
You want those ideas to become a reality you should run for president and stop tweeting .oh wait!
God bless you Bernie  preach
Give the journalists and voters alike something to think and talk about. Keep it up Senator.
As a Canadian, I wonder why we can't set an example to the US administration.
It's all FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!

Just like stealing your neighbors Washigton Post every Sunday, right?
How is that working out for the People of your Socialist Utopia Venezuela? Oh, right, let's not talk about Socialistic failures.
Funny listening to millionaires talk about laws they exempted themselves from like they actually care
Then all americans deserve what congress gets free medical care
The only way we are going to stop these criminals in our government is physically
Let me know when you get off your health care plan as a sign of solidarity with the rest of us folk
Hey Bernie, I can't afford health care!!!!!!!
Our french system has its flaws but we are very lucky to have it, you can do better,just stop spending half of your money in the military
Yet you consider abortion healthcare,  interesting.
just where the F is that in the Constitution? This USA is not Europe
How about giving Brits the care we need instead of giving billions to corrupt countries. Mind you these countries buy weapons from GB 

"Where did the right come from, in your mind" suggestive Quacks buzz words to spite stigmatization like schizophrenia simply means PROFIT?
Go Bernie!
I would add "or suffer unnecessarily" you're a good man Bernie
If you don't think the unborn have a right to life, you're in no position to lecture others about healthcare.
Who's dieing.... last time I didn't have insurance the er didn't refuse to treat Me? Sick of the scare taticts
ça c'est un homme avec de grandes valeurs...
It's not just big pharma.  What about when a simple MRI costs $4300.00 here.  In Australia, it costs $1300.00
#StillSanders
Republicans are going to push reinsurance plan on us. It's a scam to use tax dollars while insurance companies keep huge profits.
I read about this in the year 2084. http://www.berniesavestheworld.com 
"They do deserve to die if a judge says the "health care" system is finished with them." - @SenSanders  #CharlieGard
By the way, good luck forcing health care professionals and Big Pharma to work for free.
How can Argentina a country that's always in crisis have better and cheaper healthcare than the US? I pray to never get sick in this place!
I agree 1000%
Why would any of us allow these corrupt politicians to approve & run our health insurance?! #CharlieGard #TooMuchPower

God bless you Bernie! I don't understand why we can't go to a single payer system as other countries have successfully done.
So who has no money ... Better be healthy or rich or be dead!! Sounds pretty kazharian empathy lacking bankster slang
I second that !!
Then make excerise and proper diet a human right as well. You want to force things on people who don't want them, add things that will help.
THANK YOU
BERNIE some of these people need to read the 28th ADMENDMENT OF OUR CONSTITUTION
He is looking good now. At least better then high treason money launder rapist. And great father ask tammy! Excellant example for baron
Old bat
I could not have said it better myself... Thank you for your leadership!
If you have a right to someone else's labor, that's called slavery.
Hey Bernie is a fetus a human being?
I think we could both medicare for all and allow for a private market. If your trying to be bipartisan then remember Repubs want private.
I love and respect you so much @SenSanders.May you and your family be blessed with a long,healthy life.U tirelessly give so much of yrslf.
It is lower the cost of meds and services
Surely, It is a right.But not the like Trump did. See people  in far flung areas.they also deserve.
Life liberty &pursuit of happines  Life includes basc human needs Water, healthcare.U don't believe it go live in cave n see how long U last
@Jeremy_Hunt take note
That @SenSanders is almost the lone voice about human decency is why this week #GOP almost made #Healthcare unaffordable to millions.
what does he base it on? 
whats that bit about "all men 'created equal' with certain unalienable rights"  ....where'd I read that again...
And you don't care that we are FORCED to buy UNUSABLE Healthcare with HIGH Deductibles and NO PROVIDERS.. Pathetic Socialist.
Ill health is a good leveller anyone and everyone gets ill no matter WHAT!
Thank you Senator Sanders Afro-Americans want it  the White house you have our support
If we could get all the young healthy off of welfare the country could have the best free medical in the world.
#healthcare not a human right - but definitely  a sign of a civilised society
BERNIEEEEEEE WE MISS YOU
I can't afford Obamacare, $400 a month stacked on top of other bills is a bit steep, don't you think?
Yes, but Obamacare isn't what Sanders wants:
Hard to believe that America is a Christian country 
Healthcare IS NOT a right. It's a commodity service provided by people and companies. The ability to BUY healthcare is a right!
But why do the American people deserve to be controlled by Russia???
Why are you so obsessed by this,The US controls the whole world.
Go to jail #BankFraudBernie. Give me my free shit you say I'm entitled to you damn crook
You sir are a hypocrite and fake.
Stop worrying about health care, and do something about North Korea!
How about your Wife's investigation for theft, is that a "human right" ya commie?
That's right!  You're a Russian agent, with lil Donnie and Jared!
Shouldn't mix business with pleasure.
Then why isn't it enumerated in our Constitution? Why not add an Amendment? Just like the 13th. Go for it.
All humans deserve basic rights, whether it's the right to work without discrimination, or the right for their life and health to be insured

I think you should go to Venezuela sir cuz that's  more fits in the line of your thinking....
No
https://empireworkers.com/?c=DZXRH0  need workers
Thank you Bernie
Oh tell it on the mountain Bernie.

