Preach on brother man!!! I don't understand why insurance cos. Don't want more people? They make more money and eventually... 1/
They won't have to pay out as much because people will mostly just get preventative maintenance care and not have to get major care
Why doesn't a socialist health system work?
He's right...
Bernie, Socialism has failed, is failing, it won't work under the auspices of a Constitutional Republic.  Why not leave Bernie?
When your measure of success is how many people you can get under direct govt control free market never makes sense. You are anti American.
Healthcare is a human right! It's long past time time for a form of universal healthcare. Stand in solidarity, y'all. Demand this.
Yeah, says the genius who believes this insanity
Did you see the transcript of trumps call to Mexico president?  If you still believe he had intention of Mexico paying, your a trump zombie
Look at that look on this con's face. Cannot handle the truth. All they do is lying about everything.
We have wait lists here also!! And Doctors come here because they get paid more Docs in canada are content to have 3 t.v.'s not 5
I never understood why Americans would want to entrust their healthcare to for-profit insurance companies whose priority is to make profits
Profit-driven healthcare inflates prices and distorts the practice of medicine to create worse outcomes.
This is demonstrably false, tvs, phones, pretty much anything the government doesn't regulate gets cheaper and better over time.
LOL gov't regulates phone lines and broadcast spectrum. They also have consumer safety laws for the phones, TVs, etc.
That said, free market is great for things like iPhones and plasma TVs! But not for healthcare.
Why is free market good for phones and not healthcare? Everybody has a phone now and the free market did that, health care gets more...
expensive over time and only things the government controls do that.
Not everyone has a phone, dear.

And in countries with socialized healthcare, healthcare is cheaper.
You're juxtaposing that with the US which has poorly implemented socialized healthcare, not a free market system.
Bernie that guy is correct.  It's the people that stand to make money in the system that push for privatisation, even in Canada.
Republicans hate when news anchors are educated. Well, when anyone is educated for that matter.
"We love the poorly educated!"
Wow. I bet that's true. (EYE ROLE). Keep your moral grandstanding for the uneducated who support you instead.
What's an eye role?
A physical expression commonly associated with sarcasm.
Oh wait, was that sarcasm? If it was, just type (EYE ROLE).
Who in their right mind would come to US for treatment unless for a very specific problem cure which is available in US&not their nativeland
The reverse is happening: Americans going abroad for treatment. It's called "medical tourism".
Probably a good business in its own right.
He is so right
I know people that go back to their home countries to get surgery done because it's cheaper and doctors are better trained
I think we are finally seeing the last gasps of an industry & its oligarchs. Not everything in life should or can be about $$. Single payer!

Our lives (health) should NOT be a for-profit business. Period. End of story.
Do the math a Dr sees 10 patient, cashes for each one. Univ Ht dr is paid 2000 month if he sees 10 or 100 patients
Not true, it is not communism. 
If you work hard en get a lot of patients, you make more money. 
Here in Belgium they all drive Audi bmw etc
This seems insanely obvious
Yet look at the system. Completely blinded by ideology.
I live in Japan now, full healthcare. No BS about risk pools or all the crap the GOP sells. Health care is normal (outside of US)
Hi, Eden--I used to live in Japan, too. I remember paying sen yen (about $10) for each doctor visit. Never a worry. US med system is crazy.
Same in Hong Kong. You spent more money on transportation to the hospital than actually in there.
Canadian here. I've been wearing an ECG monitor for two days now, and had blood tests and urine tests Monday. My cost? Transportation.
And who pays for it...or is there a free source energy field....my guess TAXES.....
Wait so you mean if you put money into public services you get services in exchange?
Tell him to move back to Canada.
It's never been tried Bernie. That's the facts. This guy highlights how it doesn't exist in the world, then uses that as evidence.
But the alternative has been tried. It also works.
I love you tweeting.
Otherwise I just go ignored. Classically.
Is the GOP health care bill good for America? RT this poll!
RT if Obamacare is not the thing that should be replaced, it's this government  #SaveACA #GOPFuckedUsAll
RT if you think Obamacare was never the answer #ObamaFuckedUsAll
Better than medicare. Americans have  had neo liberal anti universal healthcare propoganda dogma rammed down their throats for too long.
#Singlepayer Unless something forces coverage of everybody it won't happen. Free market doesn't work for health insurance.
Right. There's no profit in insuring mostly-sick people. And nobody goes into any business to lose money. Nor do investors put $$ into such.
Why is this so hard for people to understand? A healthy population is an economically more stable population. It benefits EVERYONE.
Yes. Also a truly free person is one free to work. You can't do that if you are ill. Makes a mockery of slogan "Land of the free"
The labor market isn't free either when healthcare is tied to employment. Hard to quit your job & start a company when you need coverage.
Very true. Also if universal coverage then less cost on the employer as no need to provide and administer healthcare
Employers do contribute, but at nowhere near the level they do in the US. Also, if you're unemployed you still get covered.
Gotta say, really been loving these Canadian Vs. Blind Republican shill debates. Would love to see more.
If you're gonna mess with Ali Veshi, you better know wtf you're talking about.
True. Nobody in Norway comes to the US for health care. That would be the rare exception because of some "Einstein spesialist".
Those republican talking points that people come to US for healthcare is BS...the rich from poor countries do...that's true.
Maybe for plastic surgery 
I read somewhere that Brazil has the best plastic surgeons...
Oh...well, at least you have the best TV-shows about healthcare #house 
Doctor McSexy...
Well that was heavily edited. @SenSanders just can't help but to lie. Single payer denies liberty. There is no way around it.
Being a slave to a bad job so you can keep your insurance is liberty?  Going into debt to pay healthcare costs is liberty?  Noted.
A system where we decide who gets care based on age, diagnosis. Where we let some die because we run out of other peoples money = NoLiberty.
Where does this happen?
I like the construction "other people's money", as if you didn't pay your taxes like most everyone else.
I do pay taxes. But people often forget its not the Governments money. Single payer is unsustainable and runs out of my money...
How do you know all this? Breitbart tell you? Lots of countries seem to be able to do it.
We all witnessed the government in the UK/EU not let #CharlieGards parents seek treatment? Who was in control? The Govt or the parents?
When you need care fast in Canada, you get it fast. And their hospitals are every bit as advanced as US hospitals.
Shoot, Canadians discovered insulin, pioneered heart surgery techniques & have developed the most effective Ebola vaccine around.
Here in Ottawa we're now experimenting with viruses to kill cancer. Looks very promising. If it works it'll be free. Our healthcare is great
There's lots of health R&D in Canada into stem cells, antivirals, new surgical procedures, etc. And other nations do a lot of R&D too
Where you a millionaire before or after you went into "public service"
*your
*you'r
It's dumass. There's no b in there.
#FreeMarkets will NEVER work where demand is inelastic. Fantasy. #Healthcare, #Energy, #Defense, #Police, #firedepartment, #Education, etc.
There are 3 times more private security officers than public police. And they generally shoot people a lot less often.
That's the worst analogy I've ever heard.
In Canada U can be fined for criticizing the healthcare U get so I don't trust any Canadian on their healthcare
Free market was working fine for me 9 years ago.  #RepealObamacare
Lmao, if you didn't have an expensive disease or a preexisting condition or weren't old or poor sure Lmao
Typical Conservative. "If it works for me sod everyone else. I'm fine." Greed & selfishness is the mainstay of Conservatism.
Not true. My motto is..."You'll never walk alone!"  I made it up a couple years ago.  Cheers.
I've met 15 people that went to Mexico for affordable Gastric Bypass surgery, all of whom needed the surgery, Insurance called it cosmetic.
Not fer nuthin' but......15??
Yah I am looking for options for the surgery met a few in forums,a couple are friends of a friend.  It's done in Mexico City for  about 5000
Nice, you just made a great argument for #FreeMarketCompetition. The consumer benefits by reduced costs.
My point is people also go to other countries to get surgeries that are denied. My insurance hasn't changed much in about 12 years.
Health insurance would be a lot cheaper if they were allowed to compete across state lines like auto, life, etc.
Also why does a 60 year old women have to buy pregnancy coverage?  Why can't smokers and excessive drinkers be charged more?
Yes, and people in the military should pay a lot 'cause they intentionally put themselves in harms way. (He said sarcastically)
Mic drop 
This is Ali Valchi
It's true. I have never come to the USA for health care. Ditto for everyone I know. Well, except for elective stuff...
No one in healthcare is buying you your next beach house.
It worked fine until government got involved, Comrade.
Free Market Health care is what we had before Gov't mucked everything up to buy votes.
I should be able to go into a doctor and simply give my name, it should be an American right to simply get health care!
Healthcare is not a right.    And.....We should focus on why our food is so toxic!
Good job Bernie! Canadian and universal health care WORKS.  Regardless of what some think. If you've never had it. You don't understand It!
Way to edit that footage.
I am from Germany where healthcare works -- nobody dies prematurely, nobody goes bankrupt, people live longer and healthier lives.
And in UK 
Then move to Canada you fraud.
Venezuela
What was the last innovation to come out of the Canadian health system?
Have you tried Google?
#SinglePayerNow
Why can't we have open public hearings about the facts! Not BS Republican @GOP talking points. There BS is getting old n people will die
Absolutely correct. Eliminate health insurer profiteering off the backs of patients and health care costs will diminish significantly.
Q: Why should we have to pay for corporate profits on top of reimbursement pool replenishment? A: We shouldn't!
Let's convert to a Medicare-for-All single-payer system as soon as possible!
Teva shares plummet 18% on cheaper generic drug prices) ridiculous that THIS is more important than ppl
Thanks
Market approach would work = ban ALL insurances. Cash only; providers would have to lower prices to 'meet the cash market'.
It's true, but it's also true that single payer is unsastable also just takes a bit longer before the greed to bankrupt it.
Excellent and articulate explanation why the free market doesn't and can't deliver universal healthcare
The US is the outlier - when will the GOP/Dems accept it and do something about it?
This is the graph I'm looking for
Our Canadian doctors are threatening to leave Glen. Why are you spreading this propaganda ?
One of Ohio's best & brightest...Jim Jordan...said no Ohioan ever. Dumber than a box of rocks.

This guy scares the bejesus out of American health insurers :)
Exactly!!
Even more concise with the numbers.
Why do "conservatives" insist on poorer outcomes for way more money?
The problem was we never had a free market system, you were never able to purchase across state lines, it was regulated.
Oil to offset the cost of war.  We have already paid for it....now we should require it or stop fighting. 12yrs is long enough!
We have the NHS in the UK...a  healthcare system that works really well...why doesn't USA adopt this?
Universal health care system is the best for all. However, weathy people r free to buy the health care of their choice for themselves
The private sector only wants young healthy people!
Why do these people always think Canadians always rush to US for surgery? Like no, we good here, we don't need you
It's our time!!! The opportunity is here. Hoping they will wake up & get it done
Go to US for health care?! Oh no no...never.
#ProudCanadian
Wish Charlie Gard was around to explain why govt. healthcare doesn't work. Why haven't you moved to Venezuela yet?
Single payer = good for business = bad for insurance company, Insurance companies are not a viable business, they R4 shareholder not patient
We Split Atom-Put Men on Moon-Invented Microchip. We CAN Fix Healthcare-Lets Do Something NEW! #HITsm #HIT100 #HCLDR
Nobody goes to the USA for medical, and those that end up needing it from accidents or births while traveling there risk bankruptcy. FACT
So explain to us why government-ran health care institutions like the VA and IHS are in such terrible shape? You want us to entrust
& that's despite our right wing nut bars trying to undermine our system for 50 years!
You're out of touch go back to your liberal bubble
Research HIP INMTHE SEVENTIES . NYC EMPLOYEES HEALTHCARE
2) The govt is not capable of regulating a free market health insurance system and are less capable of economically managing a single ...
@Doobsac is a bigot. Here's what progressives think of black folks, this was directed at @WayneDupreeShow for liking a trump tweet
You're right, no one comes here for surgeries, I work in healthcare...
Please @listen
OCare is introduction to benefits of single payer. Transition will take years but costs must be controlled. No turning back.
#Bernie2020
I've been saying that for a long time because I have worked on the financial end in different roles. It will never work!
Its just easier to bilk people using the tax system than actually making people responsible for themselves
More republican B.S. talking points. They will lie about anything 2 drive their point. I have friends in UK & Can. who love their healthcare
My sister married to a Canadian and her families it. Paid for in their income tax. Miniscule compared to insurance premiums.  Never worry
Eventually the US will introduce single payer healthcare, and then they will brag about how a never-seen-before great achievement it is.
 except all the countries in Europe are finding it harder and harder to pay for that healthcare.
Why does a low educated politician say stupid things? Maybe just a loser  you're never going to live it down
.@BernieSanders in 2011: "The American Dream is more apt to be realized in South America, in places like Ecuador, #Venezuela and Argentina." 
It's a lost cause. Americans just don't get it. Simple.
Not true. Millions of us want universal healthcare. There r an ignorant few who feel justified in their ignorance due to stupid 1/2
2/2 Talking points of our greedy representatives who get a lot of campaign donations from insurance companies and big pharma.
To be clear, I live in America but I'm so sick and tired to read people just able to say : "why have I to pay for others?". Idiots.
Why doesn't a fed-run health care system work? ObamaCare explains why!
Obamacare isn't a real fed-run system, it's an insurance company-run system.
Zing!
I am Canadian, Ive had relatives & friends parents who've had heart surgery and cancer treatment, nobody went to the U.S., nobody does.
He can't get American support so he goes to Canadians who have a completely different system then we do great hob Bernie
I'm from Canada none of my family has gone to the states for medical care. Further if my family lived in the US b/c of preexisting cond
No, but they had another Canadian doctor explain, it's because they aren't educated enough to know that the care in Canadian is just as good
It's just about impossible to convince Americans to embrace the obvious. Politicians have us in their pockets, making $ for them. Evil!
How is your FBI investigation going Bernie - when ya going to prison?
Just had a chest infection had X-ray blood tests and inhalers only price was my medicine because I work uk=awesome, no thank you USA
You had your chance 60 votes in the Senate and you have us ocare lol
@JamesHall_30 thoughts?
Canada has roughly 1/10th US population
There's no explanation here, Bern. Don't tell me @SenSanders is so simple-minded that he thinks there is an explanation in these soundbites
It is true; in Europe everyone can get a healthcare regardless who you are. We are so behind that it is no longer funny.
Why are so many people in the USA not intelligent enough to understand that universal healthcare is a MUST HAVE? Lives are no business.
Can you guys lose the distracting music?  Or else just make it less obtrusive.
If you can do"free healthcare" without raising taxes, I'm all for it. But It's impossible without raising taxes.Less government in my life
# Trump!!
Bam!
I DONT WANT GOVERNMENT RUN ANYTHING.  and stop stealing my money to pay for others healthcare.
I can explain why a socialized medicine doesn't work.
#MAGA ?? Also, @MMFlint did some investigative research on this. I know NO Canadian who had surgery in USA:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjp136TObx8 …
We have a moral responsibility to provide health care to our citizens. Republicans only understand that when they get sick or Mom needs LTC.
Moral, sure, but the government cannot enforce morality on its citizens. It is, however, also our patriotic duty to look after our people.
Either concept works for our people.
move to Canada, corrupted man
Health care should never be tied to share holders, stocks & Boards of Directors! As an RN, this is morally & ethically wrong. The love  of $
Proud to be Canadian 
Don't confuse me with facts!
I'm Canadian. Had 2 MRIs, 2 XRays, Pre-Op (bloodwork/ECG), and shoulder surgery c/w meds & aftercare (Physio). Hip replacement next. $0.00
An American recently called me an Fn Socialist. My feelings were so hurt (not), that I went to see a Doctor... FOR FREE. #Bam
Ali: CNN host then Aljazeera. He should never have left CNN. We don't go to the US for healthcare. We only go 2 India, Mexico for dental.
Same with profit-driven prison systems and education systems!
Profit-driven healthcare never works when government gets involved.
Major league bs...doctors, hospitals, and so forth don't make a profit in other countries?
That stupid look on that guys face as he keeps repeating the same B.S. lie the GOP brainwashed people into believing.
BS premiums are increasing, Obamacare is a stupid Tax we should not have to pay. Insurance companies are pulling out of states.
What lie
Obamacare is a right wing health care mandate system first proposed by Nixon and then by repubs in the 90s as a alternative to single payer
That's why he's in Canada not America lol
Thank you!!!
No drug plans, no mental health, no crutches even. We get milked on everything except basic care in Canada and pay huge cost for it still.
So, you're saying you need socialized medicine?  Something more like...
No I want the opposite. But socialization would be preferable for most Canadians. I am a libertarian. Socialization is not my choice at all.
Oh, yes, Libertarians, the people who want government protection from their slaves.
Much to yr chagrin, the US is not nor will ever be a socialist country. You may like Europe better. Happy to sponsor GoFundMe for ticket
Proud to live in a country (NL) where the system seems to work pretty well . But heeey... we don't have powerfull lobbyists blocking it
People came to America to get away from forced control&this guy blatantly talks about people being forced to buy into single payer no thanks
So true CA people don't come here for health care. I know some CA and they think we are living in the Stone Age. Drug are cheaper.
This man is spot on , when US citizens need treatment in the UK they are shocked that no Doctor or Hospital charges them .
It sickens me, figuratively-literally, our corporate owned politicians convinced so many -single payer won't work. It works EVERYWHERE ELSE!
Healthcare is bigger than GOLD in the U.S. My old dentist has a top of the line Mercedes Benz, replaced every 6 years. He also owns 4 homes
Republicans lie to themselves,each other saying Canadians go to the US-very rare occurrence. Because here, healthcare is world class &free.
Bernie, move to  O Canada already...
Single payer health care leads to better business. Just like building roads with taxpayer dollars.
Single Payer failed in your home state. Why do u pretend this didn't happen? Hurts your credibility. Huge tax increase required
@HuffPost @politico The U.S. is not in a position to sustain the cost of a single payer system. $20 trillion debt says so.
Vote Bernie Sanders for President in  Venezuela!
So when do our Canada friends come to United States when they get real sick or wait MONTHS for needed surgery
Move to a socialist country
Republican propaganda....Canadians that come here for healthcare come here for elective surgeries, plastic surgery, orthodontics. Etc.
In your dreams
<3
I'm thinking my work ethic and skills can work in your state can I get health insurance if not maybe I should just die help me Mr Sanders
It's been working for years in America where have you been?
Bernie 'Venezuela' Sanders needs a mental health check.
Yes! I don't want a ForProfit insurer deciding that what my doctors prescribe is too expensive. But we don't need govt run #SinglePayer…
Private, NONPROFIT, #GermanBismarckModel w/#IndividualMandate would still be effective at lowering costs, yet provide more choices&privacy.
Here is an outline of how I've saved under #ACA, and how #GermanBismarckModel could work in US:
Thx for sharing
Lol
This shit is laughable
Bernie, next time quote Fidel Castro....The profit-driven US system gave the world most medical advances in the last 50 years!
When is America going to destroy the myth the GOP propagate about healthcare, hey punk Trump wake up America needs single payer healthcare
WOW!! This is so good!!
"There's no rush of people coming to America". No there isn't. Especially now.
@abramona
I count my blessing that I live in "socialist" Europe. U people are just insane. Not dying from a treatable disease if ur poor is a right!
@sheilascoular acceptance of the state of US  health care shows how easily ppl are conned into acting against their own interest
Healthcare in the US is a disgrace. Period.
Insurance is a racket. I've payedd car ins for over 30 years, have only ever had to file a claim once. Racket!
how about you tell your sycophants to STOP attacking @SenKamalaHarris? and @CoryBooker...and....
People are putting truth out everywhere & Bernie has nothing to do with what others do. Stop label & grouping people, it's not helping any.
Canada has a better healthcare system. Yes to Single Payer Medicare for All.
FABULOUS!
All major EU countries & Canada have private and public tier. US needs tort reform AND delivery efficiencies. Who talks about that in US?
You all can move to where they have single payer.  Worked out so well for Charlie Gard!!
Experimental treatment is different. Smh.
It is different and non existent in single payer.  If it was you or a loved one facing death; you want all options
No... that's not how it works.
Expirememtal treatment is done by the team who developed it.
Once it's recognized, others do it... just like
Open heart valve..
First experimental in the states.
Now it's everywhere and the best outcomes found in a Toronto hospital.
How did it work out for Charlie Gard? How much did the U.K. Government delay and prohibited the case from trying experiments? Shame on them!
Shit like this makes me sick.  Cancer kinda sick. Why are ppls health economized? Why is life and death a matter of capital gain?
Because that's capitalism for you. Even the capitalist in the story admits capitalism can't be trusted to deliver health care equitably.
Yuuuup...crazy Canucks with our dash of social responsibility
CHECK OUR ALL THE HOSPITALS ON THE BORDER WITH CANADA ON THE AMERICAN SIDE THEIR ALL FULL OF CANADIANS  6 MONTH WAIT TO START  Chemotherapy

Canada is prepare to annexe the United States (you will be the province of Ohio) as long as you promised to be polite and behave
You're using the wrong metric: number of people insured. The metrics you should be using are: quality of care and cost of care.
Our health policy is neither socialized or market-driven. It's a price-rigged back alley run by con artists & thieves-why costs are so high.
because Humans are the only Biology on the Planet that uses Money$ and Billionaires and elected Republicans have escaped Biological Reality$
I am from India & I know medical cost in US is too high compared to India. Many ppl from US & Europe go india for cheaper medical procedure
Just like politicians who are elected to serve the people and do what's best don't. Greedy selfish scum in it for them selves
Healthcare is too expensive in the US. My Indian friends take their family on holiday to India & get procedures done 4 less $$$
This Republican got clowned.
Yes we get free health care but it doesn't fucking matter when people abuse it and come to our fucking country to save on childbirth
Can he explain why Canadians come to America for health care?
Blame Canada!
@jonathanrvra
I have respect for the American senator  but the Canadian guy just owned you  healthcare and prescription drugs in US a rip off 
