#CruzTheConArtist fooling the ignorant and deluded
Was this a good debate #CNNDebateNight ?? #retweet #like
Grateful to all who battled the Firestorm in Sonoma County. Democratic Socialism at its best!  Not a word to fear but life saving!

Ha!  @SenSanders you got the floor wiped with you!  Maybe some folks with sense will learn!
Bernie you think Christians are unfit to lead this country.  Yet somehow you are in a party that allows and supports everything.
You got the Bernie. Watching this now!!!
That’s the face he will make when he drops the soap in jail.
Sanders side eye is some shit ti be reckoned with!
have question!  debate with Cruz or hillary !? witch one more fun ? If you don’t answer me I vote for Trump 2020
You did wonderful!!
Debate about who is the. Biggest loser? Who want to hear from you? You can't even Beat crooked Hillary! How bad can you be?
Who would win in a tickle fight, you or @SenJohnMcCain ?
Trumps your president.. get over it, you’re grown adults stop being babies. Bernie’s nothing more than the voice of the SJW movement
Pass. You don't represent ME
He's still a lot better than hillary
Awe! Two guys trying to relive the good old days- the 2016 primaries! Or maybe they think they're gearing up for 2020. Ewe!
My boi did that
I wasnt able to watch it myself, but I think I already know how it went :)
That magic word that Bernie knows so well to stay in politics is FREE nothing is FREE  Mr BS.Socialism is a failed model,benefiting the rich
Debating @tedcruz is like debating w/ a 3yr old. @ nap time. They think they know what they're talking about, & you can't reason w/ them.
Lying Ted at it again !
I forgot...replay it on internet...and put it up vs AL baseball!
I’m with Bernie! #CNNDebateNight
Was always with Bernie, cause just couldn't be "with Her!"
I would love to see a debate between Ted Cruz and Bernie we all know who to lose Bernie is not very smart you made me a millionaire
omg, hilarious
How old are you really Bernie.  You look 90
Bernie, you are a weak debater
Thank you both for doing these debates
You’re all a bunch of walking autonomous propaganda eating belly achers with pipe dreams and an out of wack moral compass
Free health care for all? I’ll kill with my bare hands before I have to provide health for some illegal alien who’s already collecting SNAP
So you're okay with letting sick people die why am I not suprised
How many people did you hire too tweet since we know you can't tweet
Mean muggin 
Call this a debate? To debate Birmie would have had to be sané and he is not
Canadian Tax payer VS Israeli Tax payer is double negative & No Network cares to loose money airing Dorks debating nonsense.
.@tedcruz like graphics here's one, Obama raised it from W and LBJ NUKED Reagan!
BTW @BillClinton also outpaced Reagan, Reagan sucked!
@SenTedCruz @CNNPolitics JFK economic policies in their entirety? https://www.thebalance.com/president-john-f-kennedy-s-economic-policies-3305560 …
It's amazing Obama was able to pull us out of Bush's disastrous govt tactics at all.
GOP loves graphic, bet Cruz a power point guy. Point and circle graphics with a laser...
.@tedcruz I was engaged2a Cuban from Miami who immigrated w/his fam (dad a Dr) at 7y, I know for a fact tons of go to Cuba for healthcare.
Its the misuse of our taxes by govt.
remembering the time i radicalized my friends ski helmet and he didn’t realize for like...two weeks
.@tedcruz is ss a ponzi scheme? "in the English language that's exactly how social security works..."
Guess trump was rightLying ted Cruz...
.@tedcruz "thankfully I didn't grow up with a single mom" wow fuck you too Ted.
.@tedcruz also in 1960 top federal tax rate on regular income was 91% huge diff from then w/JFK & now: 10%, 15%, 25%, 28%, 33%, 35%, & 39.6%
Cruz is one of Koch's boys
.@tedcruz America in the 50s the corporate tax rate you love was over 50%, of course Kennedy wanted to cut them.
Watching it now badass fact checking that mofo
#feelthebern  LET'S GO BERNIE!
Again, Bernie with facts, @tedcruz with a picture with arrows....
No thank you.
.@tedcruz we (TX) have plenty of shitty jobs with very low pay and NO benefits! STOP LYING to America!
Doesn't Ted have some porn to watch?
Proud to have been your Delegate in Texas!
one of 
Damn @tedcruz you can't back anything up w/ sourced facts. Bernie throwing out primary sources left and right, you "I don't remember..."lol
You're nuking him Bernie!
Ted Cruz is like @realDonaldTrump: a big fat liar!
Same face I make when Ted Cruz speaks
You go my yoda
Go Bernie! Outdraw Ted Cruz! 
I really love your speech, from which I can learn a lot.
~Bernie makes the best faces. Even with no sound, U can tell whenever Cruz has said something stupid.
that face
el fary sucking a lemon or guilty dog
better this
angry old white socialist living off the govt with a bank fraud wife and a lake house - and he is looking after the poor BS!
Bernie, I'm watching but Cruz and his loud smirking dramatics is churning my stomach!!
If you were a Democrat I would watch. You split out party! @SenateDems why is Bernie speaking? Where are our Dems?
Grandpa Munster needs to go away
Get him, Bernie! 
No. If you two are running and make it to the final in the 2020, then MAYBE.
I can't listen to Creepy Cruz, will have wait for transcripts. Go, Bernie, Go! #InfrastructureMatters #Healthcare #DACA #NoWall #EndGOP
Bernie is garbage
Please grow a set & debate @benshapiro
Bernie you a fool and it's been proven over and over again. The democrats can not stand they lost. Get real Bernie and all democrats
Thanks I was having trouble going to sleep. This should do it
Bernie's stink-eye is unmatchable!
So good.
Pass
Bernie
I believe that's called the "what a crock of shit" look. Perfectly executed, as well, Bernie
Bernie I can’t watch! Cruz makes me sick
No thanks, I'll watch the highlights of you getting spanked later.
You go #Bernie!
That video. Haha
What is your strategy for not punching him in the face?

Kick that fuckin' bitch's ass.
That face! 
Who would want to listen to Bernie omg
It's like arguing what's better Pepsi or Coke when the world needs water

Love you Bernie 
Nope
Yea you got owned the last time
Other candidates quit after losing. Senator Sanders keeps fighting for the people!
You want to talk about social injustice about $200,000 car.
Bernie is ready to take on fapping Ted spewing his lies (and possibly other things  >.>) tonight. Give him hell Bernie!
I feel nauseated when ever I see Ted Cruz, let alone listen to him speak. A.K.A evil Mister potato Head.
No thanks.
I don’t always watch #CNN, but when I do it’s because @BernieSanders is on #CNNDebateNight
Ted Cruz would obliterate Bernie. Say what you will about Ted, he is very smart and skilled at debating.
Best tweet I’ve seen all day
Listen to Ted Cruz lie about how tax reform will help the middle class working man. 
Bull Shit!!     It’s all for the top 1%
This is fantastic!
Referring to self in 3rd person. Eew
I’d rather deal with food poisoning than hear You talk. You’ll never be POTUS.
Bernie!  Take down Grandpa!
no
Bernie's face  same.
honestly the most iconic moment haha
I think we've all had that look on our faces a lot the past few years haha. We shall call it "the Bernie." 
Hahahahaha yes!
Lol
Ted Cruz is walking a thin line in Texas.....beto!
Just pour Dr. pepper on him and walk off.
Go get 'em Bernie.  Cruz is a lightweight.   All he's got is the failed "trickle-down" tax plan.
Lightweight between the ears, heavier weight on the rest of him. He’s packed on a good 50lbs since last year’s election. What a blob.
Ted just quickly deleting his search history and then settling in...
Feel the Bern!
Cruz is an embarrassment for Texas
You goBernie
Bernie's WTF look of disgust is sooo classic... Bernie. LMAO.
No thanks...your trolls from uk and Canada can watch
Does Bernie not realize he repeats empty phrases to support a discredited dogma? 
Why do I care what @tedcruz has to say? About anything? At all? Ever?
Yes Bernie.
The GOP wants to lose or they wouldn't send the moronic Ted Cruz to debate the most popular politician in congress.
You should be our president right now 
Do you not remember the healthcare debate in which you got trounced?
I love u
On it!
#StopFollowingMoronTrump
BERNIE SUPPORTERS ARE TROLLS FROM CANADA AND UK ...THIS MAN AINT LYING WE ALL SEE THIS SHT
https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
I see you with your whole page of notes. Get em Bernie!!!
KNOCK EM DOWN BERN!
Are your interns getting paid for this gold 
I'm at a library. This is torture.
Bernie's stink eye though

Cruz taking pointers on his makeup?!
@BernieSanders isn't worth debating. He's a nasty old man trying to stay relevant imagining thst he's still doing acid in the 60s


This is what Bernie and his supporters are up to
https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
Looking at the gif I am already bored.
you're going up against an NCAA champion in debate. Good luck with that.
Out of touch and the porn king no thank you
I'd have to mute @SenSanders if I watch.  Sounds like the Aardvark from the Pink Panther cartoon.
Bernie wins by default. Is Ted Cruz taken seriously anymore after this
Ted Cruz just started with lie.
Watching now.
Ted's trying to go 8 Mile on Bernie
Bernie Sanders debates a brick wall...

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
ted cruz is the zodiac killer
@bamtringali
No one likes Ted Cruz lmao
Bernie can’t do math
You are going to get crushed again. very embarrassing
Are you referring to yourself in the third person? That's just weird.
Get him Bernie!!!

What lol?
