I don't understand why mental health and dental need to be separate from "Healthcare".
I didn't realize my brain and teeth where not part of my body.
Dental too! Medicaid in most states won't cover dental for people over 21 unless it is "life threatening". By then it's already doing damage
Exactly! Right now I'm fighting my previous dental provider over a root canal from December. It's not going well.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm having a similar fight with my insurance. Good luck, I hope it turns out in your favor
All these combat metaphors make me think trial by combat isn't such a bad idea.
..... and that's how I know I'm running low on "adultness" for today
Mr Sanders, Please refrain from using the phrase "Access" you did it before. People have access. Change "Have Access" to "Are Provided"
Good observation, though there are many in the US that don't have reasonable access to mental healthcare either.
Using a single payer system taking out profit could help to create more rural clinics which would create access as well as jobs.
Where were u when my mom was tied down  in Camarillo hospital in California.  Given shock treatment. She didn’t even no she gave birth to me
She died of old age but she didn’t no I was her daughter.  When I was 11 she told me I wasn’t her daughter.  Try living with that the rest
The rest of your life. Love your parents now why u have them   I couldn’t.  My dad was a alcoholic mon mentally ill
hacked lithuanian banks - seb.lt and luminor.lt and got credit cards with pins 

Can you cashout cards in ATM? I give you 50% for that in Bitcoin 

-> download -> http://41.168.7.245/165k_lt.zip 

thnx bellingcat
This is the doing of congress, fab the media, press issues,vote, and the poor get poorer while the rich get richer. You are a coward.
this is how Veterans are treated - Cruel and Unusual Punishment -Travis County Correctional Complex- TX - Denial -
Bernie is in severe need of mental health care!!
Bernies even beyond help from mental health! You just can’t fix STUPID!
It appears the USA is NOTthe wealthiest Nation...#9 on the list!
You're taking about Trump aren't you. *wink wink* #unhinged
Well u have plenty of income...go get some
Shouldn't we ensure there's ample job opportunity so ppl can provide for themselves? socialism didn't create our wealth
not 2 speak lightly of this & I have been - but DOTARD needs intensive criminal sociopathic lockup treatment!
We should all have 3 homes also
#preston good discussion on Brexit--sensible points  made --no deal is a no-no. Def.
Please will some one check on the mental health of Donald#crazymanTrump.
You above all others truly need it.
Try explaining that to your President #45! He doe's not care about the USA !!!
We do, no Hospital turns people away... you just have to pay after. That’s healthcare
How is it we became the wealthiest nation, was it (a) socialism/Marxism (b) capitalism (c) abiding by our Constitution (d) b & c?
It's actually a & d.
A: military, infrastructure 
B:Innovation, competition
C:Foundation for many protections

Socialism isn't always Maxism

Of course we'll have to pay for it not you. Why don't you enroll in Obama care you hypocritical Communist jerk.
I believe my Medicare for all plan exceeds the one proposed. Please check out my website: http://uspolitics.einnews.com/pr_news/408671636/dean-heller-challenged-by-local-businessman-for-senate-seat …
Thank you Sen Sanders! I suffer with mental health & finding a doctor to treat me when traveling for work damn near impossible!
I certainly hope you make sure your fellow Liberals get the best of care because they are losing their minds & are in desperate need of help
You want everybody to have “access” to everything everyone will ever need...for “free”!!. How stupid do you sound?
For sure. Too many mentally-ill people out there in South Florida.
When you think you’re getting something but actually loose everything.
What?
Starting with @realDonaldTrump 
He’s should be first in line for inpatient treatment.
With $ 10 you can save up to $ 100000 at the same time as you wait for $ 100000 to pay for the service: //hainguyenzz17.futurenet.club/info
The need will grow exponentially as we all try to survive this Presidency. Smh.
Please see that trump gets mental health help
Amen I'm one of them
I am a MH RN x36 yrs now. 1 in 3 people will experience some mental health challenge in their life. Tragic Still a negative stigma
Can you get Donald Trump enrolled?
Absolutely, we struggle everyday!!!!
Health care is a service and a product, not a right. The government should not be involved with it.
And we must implement policy that all political candidates must pass a mental health evaluation!
@realDonaldTrump should go to Kansas to present his "Trickle-Down" tax plan. Kansans are familiar with it.
We need Christian education back in schools to allow the spirit of God to help us
YES BERNIE, THANKS TO RONOLD REAGAN WE NO LONGER HAVE ANY
Nah, they are a lot more sane now with all the fluoride you keep pumping in the water than they ever have been
They already have access. Everyone does. You can retire now comrade.
Yep including you
The WEALTHIEST people in the nation should provide people with access 2 mental health care as a gesture of their humanity; not by forced law
Good people don't need legislation to do good things. Good people do good for the sake of goodness itself.
Amen to that! I lost my brother to bipolar disorder. Worst day of my life. Love you, bro. 
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah
You have access I know may I suggest you take advantage of it.
Good Lord nobody needs mental care more than you. Get help for your dementia
Free Mental health care is already available for anyone who seeks it.
Love you Bernie. Keep fighting for what matters
How can being 20 trillion in debt make us wealthy? Common sense tells you that we are dead broke. SS trust fund raided of 2.7 trillion also!
Yep Bernie you need all the help you can get!
We can start by ensuring ALL potential presidential candidates and current presidents undergo a mental health fitness examination.
If you cure mental health, who would be left to vote for the Dems?
Let’s start with @POTUS. He needs the most help.
Agree. And we should start with the president!!
Especially Harvey Weinstein!
Politicians such as yourself can afford the best in mental healthcare, but I'm still uncertain of your mental states.
We are broke stupid
They already do. Pay attention.
Buy your own damn health care! What, I paid for mine for 40 years now I have to pay for THEIRS!!!
FO!
Including the pr*sident.
Highly needed in the WH.
Why is I care teeth not included in my healthcare I need it for free I need free housing I need free money every month
Fight fight back now!!!!
All healthcare!!!!  I can't afford it and I make 60K a year.
I agree with you Bernie, ,,,,If anyone needs mental health insurance it's YOU!!!!!!!!!! U r one CRAZY COMMUNIST OLD MAN!!!!!-
Agreed. When people don't seek help, quit crucial medication or visits to mental health professionals over lack of money something is wrong
Yes!
Amen @SenSanders  but that should be part of our healthcare coverage!
Especially trumpkins.
Wealthiest? How do you say we are the wealthiest country with over 18 trillion dollars in debt? #Economics
They already do. Congrats! We did it!
I agree completely.

  #WorldMentalHealthDay
We need to start taking care of ourselves, exercising, eating right, and taking care of our families so we have much less need 4 healthcare
If our broke ass gonvmt turns 2 social medicine, I will not trust  administration of HC.  Unfortunate accident, contaminated vaccine, cull?
Imagine, bankrupt Gov is totally responsible 4 your HC?  Dems targeted Conservatives w/IRS, can use HC 2 cull exp groups; seniors/diabetics?
UK, free HC.  Lost 2400 Hemophiliacs 2 tainted blood.  Announced, prohibitive cost forces them 2 deny covage 2 obese (30BMI).  Did they cull
Gemini520$a
UK has free HC.  Also have AIDS epidemic.  Offer AIDS test kits in vending machines.  Y not C "free" Dr?  No partner/disease control.
Dr's R already withdrawing to pvt practice, don't want Gov, slow paid Medicare,  Populous will get Dr's w/poor credentials or nurse prctionr
Surely #HarveyWeinstein had access to mental health but that didn't help his victims one little bit!
U R being baited into thinking social medicine is the answer 2 all your HC wants.  Switch 2 social medicine, Dr's will switch 2 pvt practice
ABSOLUTELY.
@SenSanders you are the dumbest muthafucka ever!!
Social medicine in UK.  2400 Hemophiliacs died frm AIDS tainted blood.  How does this happen 20yrs after screening?  Did they cull the  pop?
Gov is bankrupt!  Bernie's selling fiction.  U won't get more benefits when free, U will get far less.  Dr's treat wealthy in pvt practice.
Bernie get mental help for your comrade Weinstien, o get some for yourself
Social medicine in Venezuela.  15K Dr's have left the social program for lack of pay & equip.  1 out of 3 hospitalized, die!  HC future!
U ppl discuss HC wish list?  HC is in deep trouble.  Bernie wants social medicine.  UK has SM,can't cover obese (30BMI) or smokers, 2 costly
Wealthiest nation?  Debt to income is upside down, just like U managed our mortgages.  GDP 18.57T, national debt 20T.  Spend more on what?
Sanders acts like we simply choose to deny coverage?  Truth is, there is no money to spend anywhere, on anything except defense!
We are not wealthiest, we are the most in debt!  How can Liberals argue over "where" to spend money we don't have?  Debt grows 2.4B daily.
Wealthiest nation?  National debt is 20T, GDP 18.57T, spend more than we earn?  National debt grow 2.4B every day, every 24 hours!
We need to start with you. Please get help.
You paying
Not to mention a roof over their head, and freedom to walk the streets without fear.
Even the president of United States.
Drugs we're using were developed more than 50 years ago and only help about 40% of patients - Big Pharma stopped looking for new ones in 2010 - massive scientific failure that is not being seriously addressed #WorldMentalHealthDay
Even @potus! 
Promise you'll get some.
Please tell me this is low-key throwing shade to the @POTUS because that would be amazing.
@realDonaldTrump has access to mental health care. He may think it only exists to make him weak.  #WorldMentaHealthDay
I'm sorry we are not the wealthiest nation ...
Especially your president.
We're not wealthy, we owe 20trillion. We're broke
Both the wealthy and poor have lots peoples having their mental issues in different ways.
In a perfect world.
Yes again 1  solution free commodity order or free enterprise exchange money is the problem not people or government. Equality for all.
There's a need for MH insurance but we also need to revise the issues to help ensure patients are participating and taking their meds
It’s quite obvious that you were denied!!!
Quite obvious you were denied!!!!!
Feel the burn 2020. We need  real leader.
Wish you'd quit campaigning and help depose this madman
And bankrupt America while doing so! Goodness Bernie! Do you have no knowledge of economics whatsoever?

I'll never understand how people don't get this.
The wealthiest nation? Have you seen the debt?
As a care giver for a severely mentally ill person I couldn't agree more. Mental health care in America is garbage and needs to be fixed!
We also need to be sure the billionaire dictator in the White House receives mental health care for whatever the heck is wrong with him!!
I think it was Nancy Pelosi sed “America is not ready for a single payer system”. Lead. Not follow, dems. RightOnBernie!
We can't even beat Trinidad and Tobago in soccer so slow your roll
That's really funny. I go to work every day and I can't afford health insurance. Nobody offers to pay 10000 dollars a year for my insurance
Especially if the #USMNT is going to fail to make the world cup every four years.
True
I's there a cure for feminism?
Agreed! We can start by getting you looked at.
Free bikes  for everyone   no matter their income!!
You sure like to spend my money.
Why not tell the world to send all their wacos to America for rehabilitation? After all, you say  we are a rich country.
Especially the current White House occupant.
You should be our president
Even #45
Bernie why? It will only b held against those who use it w/ the pre-existing clause? We pay 4 Ins. But can’t afford to use it.
So emergency mental health for a crisis or are we paying for every shrink in the country to work with the homeless?
Thank you, Senator.   This is such an important issue.   Well said.
Wish you would seek help Bernie the fraud man Sanders
We are broke you fool
indeed....even pOTUS! Lord knows he needs serious help!
No. Retire pls.
And not be punished for it!!!
We need to start focusing on the current grave threat to the USA before it is dead. Time to stand up and work on Health care and college l8r
Listen. Please. White supremacists and fascists are trying to take over control of this country. They have the presidency, judges, reps.
Amazing how the wealthiest nation has the Fattest poor people in the world.
They should cover the cost of going to the old folks home as well.
Considering  that the wealthiest country has elected a psycho, Americans need free mental care more than any people on the planet
IF want to fix this get out the vote! DEMS take control of congress and we stand a chance. No sitting on couch- all hands on deck
Especially during Trump presidency, he is driving everybody crazy.
While GOP in power the 99% will get scraps while paying for the 1% to steal their lunch money. Just words Bernie. How get GOP play nice?
And you get free healthcare, and you get free healthcare, and you get free healthcare! Everybody gets free healthcare!
You can say that again.
Mental health in the individual is foundational to mental health in the culture.
And keeping it out of the hands of you oligarchs in the sociopathic ruling class is the best way to work toward that.
You want to turn it into a socialist nation!  You hypocrite who is part of the one percent!  All you want is to spend other people's money!
No one needs it more than Trump!!!
Yes we are but the top 10% controls the government and does not want to pay their fair percentage of taxes.
Mental health checkups are needed the same as physicals
ESPECIALLY AFTER THIS FUCKING ADMINISTRATION. I've just about lost all interest in being a human in this cesspool of a country.
Have access to decent retirement,have access to sufficient health and dental care,are able to provide a good life for their families!
Shouldn't you work to FIX the mental health care first?
 politicians r so full of s*** ! They don't care about us. If they did things wouldn't be the way they are.Yet we pay for everything 
I cant reach it, its in the tree
If only we could get the Moron in Chief to use his access to mental health care! It would bring so many of us out of our present depression!
Oh, you mean like the worthless BS that you and your fellow Dems shoved down the American people!  If is so good...why don’t you use it?

#HipHopAwards wow! #Eminem Thank you! #Resist PLEASE #Retweet https://twitter.com/BET/status/917918947017666561 …
In a perfect world Bernie. Unfortunately we don’t live in a perfect world. I would like congress to pass something to help our mentally ill
Health care, mental health care, free college tuition, abortion on demand, and any other "right" that Bernie deems appropriate...blah, blah!
Yes...holistic approach to health care.  It is unacceptable that this country still view mental health treatment as a privilege.
#Unhackthevote
Even very expensive healthcare plans have horrible mental healthcare benefits! What happened to mental health parity?
Just wait til Trumps power of the pen!! He’s still Hellbent on gutting our healthcare!! #25thAmendmentNow !!
Beginning with liberal democrats.
Thank you @BernieSanders for talking about the real issues!!!!!!!!
of course then you pay for it Sanders
We are not the wealthiest nation, starting off a statement with a large exaggeration is concerning.
You mean just Health Care. Your brain isn’t some separate entity
Omg. Stfu
Ironically you are the one that needs mental healthcare the most
Don't forget that Canada's Universal Healthcare includes psychiatry (in-patient, out, & doctor's visits). Vital! (Rx, not usually covered.)
Bernie the Marxist should Check himself in to a mental institution.Hes wacko.
And first one in line MUST be 45
Too bad DT wouldn't lead by example & undergo a thorough mental health examination.
Parents need to give their kids Chromium to prevent suicide thoughts.
Hey Bernie where have you been all my political life you must have been hiding ? I haven't every heard this much talk from you, !!!
wealthiest nation only caters to the wealthiest in their class They despise the Blacks all the poor and other people of color #should#could
Bernie they took health care away from our children!!! They don't give a Fuck about low income people.if we all die they'll save on tax $$.!
You need mental health, you're a fucking nut job 
Mental?? I can't even afford a single trip to the dentist
Our national debt is $20 trillion. We're not the richest country on the planet; we're the poorest. #mentallibtardationawarenessday
I agree on this one; socialism is a mental disorder that we must protect our ppl from.
For reals.
Thank you Bernie!! You have my vote now and always!
And the president have enough money to get the help he needs
Shut up Bernie! No one is listening to you.
