While you and your cohorts make running a business more and more impossible…but after a lifetime on gov't payroll you wouldn't know that…
Explain how he's done that and if u say anything about business tax don't it's proven lowering biz tax doesn't lead to job creation
Proven?? Obviously you don't understand economics. It's called consumer behavior. And, you've obviously never run a private sector business
Right-wingers seem to think that proof means whatever crazy idea came out of their head, even if it's been repeatedly disproven
In the morally advanced nations of the world, they're talking about a Guaranteed Basic Income. That would actually help real people.
You start telling others how much they can keep, and the firewalls of liberty are then gone.  Europe is mid-stage in that process.
You start letting plutocrats amass unimaginable amounts of wealth while most people have nothing, there is no liberty. That's where we are.
And try and lose the class-isms. Those things are political GMOs which are alien to natural rights and real liberty.  We are Americans.
#BernieTheFraudster
#BernieTheMillionaireSocialist
He wrote a book and guess what? Millions of People LIKED it. What he didn't do was rip off Students (Trump) or the People of Haiti (Clinton)
Wrong! Bernie used his political position to push his book sales! He monetized his policies and pushed them on poor people! Not good!
Did u know in Germany he forgot 2 advertise his book at the end of a speech & had 2B reminded by the organizer? Poor People r NOT pushovers
Lol! So Bernie is so senile now that people need to remind him constantly to do things? 
Nope, just absolute, unequivocal proof his agenda was and is more message than self-promotion...
Wrong! Bernie was flat broke before politics! Now he's made millions from spewing socialist fairytales to gullible sheep! He's a crook!
Laziness! They don't want to work hard! They want government handouts!
Your kidding me right?
You're* and I'm not kidding! Plenty of labor jobs available in the US! Just need to be willing to work hard!
There is a major skilled labor shortage in the US! President Trump is bringing in LEGAL skilled labor! Which will lead to economic growth! 
"...that Americans do not want, but US companies need to fill..." 

Thank you for answering your own question!
China has replaced US exports of computers,electronic &even small parts.
Stop US investment in China,jobs will flow back
It's rather simple
Or, just have a federal Job Guarantee:
To get employment back 
US shall ban investment by US Co.s in China.
It's china killing US exports thus less jobs to US youths
Actually, we export way more than we import.  Key is to insure we employ the domestic labor we save when we use foreign labor.
Ur analogy is wrong sir.
It's not about ur export but its about China growing export cutting your volume of production &thus less employmnt
... creates a bigger pile of stuff than cutting off imports.
Raising the minimum wage certainly does not help with that!
No empirical evidence it harms with that either.
Yes, there is.
Nope.  Empirical evidence points in the direction of: Businesses run on sales.  They need buyers.
Businesses close, move or install robotics.  Raising the min wage doesn't increase buyers.
It increases buyer's ability to buy - obviously.  Simple point of logic.
The at risk communities need more businesses in them so that the residents can have places to go to for employment.
Yes.  But also we should fight for a Job Guarantee like MLK did:  https://static.theintercept.com/amp/the-incredible-lost-history-of-how-civil-rights-plus-full-employment-equals-freedom.html …
I agree with you wholeheartedly but we as a nation must learn to begin trusting one another before the takeover...
You know what won't help youth unemployment? A higher minimum wage that discourages the hiring of inexperienced labor.
1). No actual empirical evidence for your belief.  2). We should just have a federal funded Job Guarantee.  Simple.
Hidden in all the political hoopla. Our future at risk...
Vote him out vote him out he and his criminal wife are imbeciles
I work with the homeless youth population..let’s start there.
- its a real life in the moment inconvenient  reality so they act as if they can't see the this issue through the fog diversion
We talk about it all the time...Your plan is to  raise the minimum wage and taxes... The result will be a lot more youth unemployment
Hey Dan, if that's true, just drop the wages to $0/hour and there'll be TONS of jobs. Taxes dropped to 0% means GREAT roads, sewers, defence
Great logic....
That's your logic, dude. If raising the minimum means fewer jobs, lowering it will create jobs and eliminating it means jobs for all, right?
Raising the minimum wage forces businesses to make decisions that hinder hiring and growth..Youth employment is negatively affected
Raising the minimum hasn't hurt the economy in the past.
If you raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, the people that will be hurt the most are unskilled young employees. SANDERS IS A FRAUD
Portland Maine raised the minimum to over $10 and unemployment is below 3%. Oh the horror!
So how is splitting the liberal vote and helping get Republicans elected going to change anything?
Older people have those minimum wage jobs now
Senator Sanders thank you for being the most compassionate politician and being the voice of the marginalized. #RealDealHolyfield
UBI and education are the solutions.
Good job Sen Sanders
Mr Socialcrap. They arnt even trying to look for jobs.  There are plenty of jobs out there GBA <><
I'm sure they are for people who want to work hard for slave wages.
If I remember correctly the slaves of any country generation today as well don't get paid one penny!! so a slave wage does not exist! GBA<><
Compensation in any form is wage goober.
Goober?  You mean peanuts? Well if that is what you re worth accept it or advance yourself to earn 2 goobers that's progress! GBA<><
I think I like you"little goober"
Thx peanut B  GBA <><
$15 minimum wage narrative=another reason you would suck as president

0 basic understanding of fundamental economics
Show me the empirical evidence that insuring folks can afford the products produced by business harms businesses.
Wishbone - Jawbone - Backbone!
Is this a blue state? Problem solved. Move to a red state where they don't keep you poor.
Actually red states are poorer. Check it out.

That's odd. "Fiscally sound," yet the POOREST? Tsk.
Yeah, Detroit, Chicago, San Bernadino, Stockton - all super duper rich, except they aren't.
Cities? I could've sworn this thread was about states, and whether "fiscally sound" vs. poorest income per capita is the crucial issue.
States take many of their cues from cities.
Y'think? Too bad those "cues" don't translate into per capita income. Face it: Republican states ARE among the poorest.
Plenty of non-youth who aren't employed, either.  Time for GUARANTEED BASIC INCOME FOR ALL.  Read DeGraw's PEAK INEQUALITY
Well, they have to stay in school and quit dealing drugs and shooting each other. Then they can worry about jobs.
This is interesting coming from a guy that's never worked an actual job and been kicked out of a commune for being too lazy
Tell them to keep their pants on.
Bernie, get your government nose out of everyone's business.
Mr Sanders CWA needs your help to get a fair contract from AT&T who makes billions and does not want to take care of its employees
Love u Bernie S. leek up the good fight!
We need a lot more Jerry Browns in this nation and in this world. Right now, the Republicans in Congress have NONE. Incredible.
This made me cry. I Lov Mr.Sanders, he is for helping people no matter the age group. Go Mr. Sanders, peace , lov and happiness.
So, glad you're talking about it. Maybe we should reduce regulations and lower minimum wage to create jobs...
You are very funny, in a sick kind of way. Caring about humanity seems to be a strong suit of yours.
Ummm... okay...
Support term limits and end the ridiculous pay and benefits that Congress and Senators continue to vote for themselves while pretending
Thx to progressives destroying our culture & economy
He's a decent human...bless him
@SenSanders how many houses do you have again?
It actually means IU, which I do @SenSanders You are a shining beacon of hope. TY so much for your dedication & service.
Senator Sanders, please run in 2020, PLEASE.. I love you, you are a good man..
You are the best Bernie.
seriously, YOU are going to bring up youth employment???!?!? BWAAAHAHAHA (Mr living wage)
Eliminate minimum wage law to fix the problem.  Incentivize businesses to take a chance on kids, as opposed to making the venture too risky.
Easy fix.
Youth collusion with Russia.
Everyone will be talking then.
@CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost
You fight for illegals to get their vote but take jobs from future voters. You don't make sense, Bernie. Deport illegals so youth get jobs.
Vocation/apprentice programs need to start in high school.
Teach them how to talk and they would have a better chance.
How about the issue of bank fraud Bernie?
Bernie, ILY but let's let kids to be kids and focus on getting adults the jobs with #LivingWage & benefits to help support our kids needs.
#LikeABoss #Leader #presidential #realman
Especially youth of color!
Haven't you seen how they act.  No wonder no one wants to hire such losers and cry babies.
People like you have bred the entitled attitude into these young people, fueling their unemployment.  They are not prepared for life. Sad.
The unemployment rate should be reported in three age categories to get a real picture of employment in America. It's not that rosy.
I have worked for over 30 years helping youth with disabilities get good jobs. Thanks so much Bernie!
Thank you Senator Sanders for all your dedication and hard work as well. We need to put this country back on track. We have lost our way.
So Bernies plan is "lets go forward together". Lol what a joke.
I think the retirement age should be 60 again so young people can get jobs
You gotta love @BernieSanders , it's hard to find truly good politicians these days
If Bernie had his way we'd be Venezuela. All equal but all poor.
I never hear solutions from this guy. All he talks about is what's wrong but he never has a plan to fix anything!
She is a very brave young mom. I hope she does well.
Obamacare affected this and you Democrat's pushing for a raise in the minimum wage
You want to raise the minimum wage so that hiring youth is impossible but also want youth to be employed. Think it through
I just love Bernie imagine if all our reps. were like him that truly would make America great, greater than ever w/ true equality & justice
Maybe they can work in your sweatshops overseas
Thank you Bernie.  For...well...being.
When did you ever help put anyone to work. You just want everything on welfare.
My neighborhood,there are kinds of job offers.Maybe not top of the line but the bottom  good place to start because the only way is up!
Repurpose unused mall space: co-op living space for homeless kids, coding school start-up incubator.
Start with FEDs balance sheet MBS toxic assets. Nationalize or eminent domain, solve urban blight, stabilize commercial real estate.
Eventually move toward market-oriented public-private airbnb newfangled your hostel fubu model, either w/tax credit or tuition reimbursement
Why are they unemployed Bernie?
People do not want to hire teens even when it is legal and they definitely do not like hiring young men of color
There should be federal laws requiring states to provide a certain number of jobs for children starting at age fourteen, that is if you care
Very important because it is the reason for many young teens turning to crime
It's only gonna get worse. UBI is needed now.
You mean it's not just because Millennials are lazy like the Trump generation insists?
So funny- Bernie with the fingers. I know what he means, I can't keep up, but he connects very well.
Child labor laws bro...
How about all the elderly ones that work in Congress that stay on they butts, passing laws that they don't follow.
Did you forget about how you are making it harder for the youth to get jobs when you advocate a $15 minimum wage?
@Wade_Turnbull @TheDemocrats go to the Hamptons and @SenSanders goes to the people
The Youth jobs are there. But they are just that. Minimum wage/ steppingstone jobs/ youth jobs.
I love all that you do Senator Sanders 
Is there anything u dont complain about? Hey earn that pay check u collect every week. What a waste of taxpayer money. Hypocrite!
Bernie is a real humanitarian. he is the only senator out there fighting for the little poor guy.No one else is.
The "little guy" needs jobs, not government handouts. Trump is providing the former.
#universalbasicincome
If you made more important jobs for adults then teens could work the service jobs like they should. MAKE AMERICAN JOBS!!!
This is real
There will be no jobs for them since wanting to raise minimum wage to 15 per hour....
It's called get a job.  Be a part of the suffering we call life. It's a team effort
we need universal basic income to combat the ever changing labor market. we need to adapt not struggle to constantly keep up with the flux
You want more free shit? How much free shit is enough?
I think of it as youth LACK of opportunity. No jobs, no $ 4 college.
So this makes the case to VOTE for Donald Trump in 2020!  Uprise in youth homelessness is caused by leftist policies! Socialism keep U poor
This is literally insane. There are so many places hiring. Everywhere. Suck it up and wash dishes. Do what it takes.
Thats weird. Tons of places hiring around me. Maybe this new entitled culture makes the youth think they are too good to work at Subway.
keep fighting for entitlements and see the unemployment continue to sky rocket in youth.
Why didn't you mention this for the past eight years you hypocritical fraud- you and obamas corrupt admin to blame, nobody else.
Higher minimum wage! That'll get them  jobs I'm sure
That's right 8 years no youth jobs under Obama administration and democrat. The tide is turning with President Trump.
BERNIE IS VERY GOOD AT FINDING BUT NOT VERY GOOD AT FIXING.????
Yeah, Bernie, far too much action and too few comforting words from @POTUS here  (worse, none about woodworking!):
Democrats failed to settle that in the eight years they in office.Do you then expect @realDonaldTrump to provide jobs in five months?
Deceitful liar
How come you never do outreach to the millions of poor destitute  young whites?
Another reason for lowering the retirement age & upping SSI. And no, it doesn't require a tax. See https://stephaniekelton.com/tag/trillion-dollar-coin/ …
Yes.
People keep having babies and we keep losing jobs. Detrimental.
I was unemployed youth too. It was a choice for me to be unemployed. Same as most all youths.
God bless you Senator for caring. America loves you because you genuinely are interested in hearing our needs & helping us achieve them!
HOW ABOUT THE ISSUE OF ADULTS WITH HIGH EDUCATION & YEARS ON THE.JOB WHO HAVE LOST THEIR JOBS TO MAKE ROOM FOR YOUTH YOU ARE CONCERNED ABOUT
The 40-hour work week is obsolete. If we shared the wealth and let everyone work 20 hours for twice the pay we could reach full employment.
The high min wage you r pushing is the prob!Employers will not pay high wages for unskilled applicants with limited availability
AMEN! 
Jobs outsourced. That's why.
Bernie's like; oh shit this girl is trying to make me join her devil worshipping cult. Oh well at least its the wrong sign.
Youth unemployment is easily solved by #WarBizOp (short-term) and de-valuing education (long-term).
Talk about your cullusion with the un Democratic evil vile ones.
cc: @SashaBruceYouth
Odd comment. Trump has talked about the need for APPRENTICESHIP. Are you ready to deny this?
LOL. If it's so important, the last thing you want is a higher minimum wage! It harms most unskilled young workers.
Having our youth employed really helps  curb crime, gives them hope and confidence in their ability to achieve anything while gaining skills
Lol..if you want to fix it. Stop being a socialist and start thinking like a Capitalist. 
Capitalism solves more poverty issues than the Gov
We love you, Bernie! Thank you for all that you continue to do. Give @janeosanders a hug for us, too! #Bernie2020
17 pregnant and ignorant. Yes, your situation in life is YOUR FAULT!! Now you expect society to make up for YOUR MISTAKES. Typical Dem voter
"What does that mean, are you going to get me in trouble"? What are you saying Bernie? Black people are in gangs & throw gang signs? Racist!
You are absolutely correct! We need to get our youth in the work force. This is the best way to create independent & productive citizens.
Wow I believe you should be checked for Alzheimer's how long have you been in the Senate and you're only talking about this now???
I work in commercial masonry everyday and we need help BAD!
And if the minimum wage increases to $15.00 that rate will be higher. Why would I hire a teenager if I can hire a adult for the same wage?
His proposed $15mw rate comes with limits. It's for FULL TIME workers, to begin with... and a majority of youth won't be working full time.
You are awesome! I'm with you! Love you
Super cool
Hey fraud bernie if only 8 million people are enrolled in obama care which is fact how can 24 million lose care #bernieisafraud
If you want to fight youth unemployment then we must have more opportunities for jobs. To do that we need a lower minimum wage.
@DraftBernie http://draftbernie.org/petition 
Because minimum wage too high
Help want signs everywhere
And yes - how about the INEQUALITY that they would not allow President Obama to address! Remember!
And I guess a $15 min wage is going to help that?
Maybe more employers would hire youths if the minimum raised is increased...and increased...and increased. Bernie knows ZERO about business.
And for the unemployment don't worry Trump the magnificent is at white house every great decision takes some times
The important issue is that people don't remember you anymore and you still talking even your party do not care about you
I bet your answer to this issue is more government.
They are too dumb to unite.
Actually I think a lot of people are talking about it
BANK FRAUD BERNIE
"Youth" should be in school, not working.
Then get together with President Trump and put a jobs program together. Stop talking about raising the minimum so much and maybe jobs there
Give them your money
plenty of jobs for r youth but they don't want to work for less than $15 hr even at McDonalds! forget manual labor beneath them no wk ethic
Your side is too busy talking about Russia, ignoring ALL issues.
It's good for kids to work even if they do not need the money.  To make them buy their own cell phones.  But so many adults need work.
just did an op-ed in my local paper in canada, same problem here
Caused by 2 many illegal aliens that you say should just automatically become citizens!  Compounded by $hitty common core edu
Hello!!!! All the illegals have the jobs the youth used to have
Data to prove this?
I'm a baby boomer and we had youth programs. Why not now? Our kids have it worse than we did. It's really sad and unfair.
So why are you trying to raise the minimum wage when its proven to kill jobs for youth! You make no sense!
Now that minimum wage is supposed to be a career there's no room for getting a job to build experience and work ethic #consequences
Most trades a teen can start out as an apprentice. That way they can find out what suits them.
Depending on the trade. A trade school is the way to go. Most trades are starving for qualified individuals.
The most people on welfare are the young and healthy
Bernie, obviously you don't have answers that actually work in the real world  
#LiberalFantasyLand
#minimumwage prices out youth from jobs.
Youth shouldn't b penalized 4 their choices, "adults"make them daily... Thank u Senator, more politicians need 2 show compassion like this!
I'm sure you want the youth as slaves, making socialism sound great again! I give that u made some mental slaves already by university
You do realize there are more jobs available then people who want them.
The only way we are going to stop it is the shutdown welfare that is the so-called Democrats number one weapon to support communism
How about the FBI investigation involving your wife?
Youth? As in 16-24? More proof socialism doesn't work, they don't have too, we pay for them not too.  Thanks Obama. #MAGA
That's because the liberal media is all attacking President Trump.
Youth unemployment, especially in the black communities, grew exponentially under Obama, and you sat idle, and let it happen
OJ needs a home, how about one of yours?
There are also people who Only talk about this issue!
The majority are unemployed, because of laziness or that they feel that they are owed something. The problem lays with how they are raised!
When I was unemployed I had medical tests done, surgery done&payed nothing out of pocket.With job &insurance medical test=$4K out of pocket!
And no one was able to tell me what it would cost before I had the test done. I asked, but no one could tell me.
The "hump" of going from unemployed to under-employed is so huge, most people are intimated or go up only to fall back down.
Unemployed, you go to food pantry for food or get SNAP or something. Underemployed you work all day then go to food pantry for food or SNAP.
If you're going to the food pantry and/or getting SNAP whether you're working or not, why add the extra hassle of work? #Fightfor15
Black youth has essentially been shut out ov participation in the economy. #highschooltoprisonpipeline
U hv to getbusiness,especially big business to takeon trainees/apprentices.The youth lack skills & business can't shirk their responsibility
How do you nail it every time?


Well then work with the president on job growth. He is doing a great job in this!!
Well NAFTA sent 70,000 companies out of the country. You want to blame somebody blame Bill Clinton
No one talked about it for the last 8 years that's for sure...
Mr.Sanders so many "indocumented r taking the JOBS I applied 4p.t was ovr cualified next saw an undoc doing the job I applied 4.
Solution: Raise Minimum Wage!
....this from the guy that keeps harping on a $15/hr min wage??!!  Are you really that economics illiterate?
Not just youth unemployment. 40% of current workforce can be replaced by automation/robots TODAY w/ existing tech. No one talking about THAT
I AM!  So are Richard Clark & David DeGraw
FBI Opened An Investigation Into Jane Sanders At Burlington College

SANDERS LAWYERED UP IN FEDERAL PROBE OF BURLINGTON COLLEGE
Youth unemployment feeds into our drug and opiod crisis as well as crime and the general malaise of the population.
Incredible man #StillSanders
You've been talking about it. You want to raise the minimum wage which is proven to be detrimental to youth employment.
This is awesome! Right! The young adults get missed.
Youth should be able to focus on education, and get full-time employment after college, but we have backwards priorities.
By the time a youth hits 16 they should at least be working a summer job.
I absolutely agree. Too many have to work while going to school, too just to get by, though. Even then, most are left with massive debt.
That is how it works. You want to go to school. You have to pay for it. The youth today all think they are entitled to higher education.
