This picture basically characterizes Trump's time as President
True.  Trump continues to climb out of the hole 8 years of Obama put the AMERICAN people in.  Great picture.
I lost 1/2 my life savings in 2008. Recovered thanks to Obama. You are either young, had no savings in 2008 or ar willfully ignorant.
My insurance doubled to pay for yours. Your welcome.
Insurance was designed  to protect your assets in case of an emergency. If you had paid into it you would not have lost your savings.
Ins. companies make profits by denying coverage to clients who paid. Single payer creates the lowest cost for everyone. #SinglePayerNow
No it make responsible people pay for irresponsible people. Not in every case but I would suspect in the majority of cases.
Sorry, Bernie, we're not fighting for insurance for most anymore.  We're fighting for health care for all. #MedicareForAll
Yes, but while Republicans are in power we need to ensure they don't kick tens of millions off health insurance.  Lives are at stake.
No. Single payer will cover everyone including the 30 million left w/o coverage under the ACA. That's the point. #MedicareForAll
Yes. Everyone 7s treated equally in single payer system and pays the same tax to fund it and...
For health care,  yes. Not in total taxes. They would obviously pay more in total taxes than you.
If all this health care is so great why aren't u and other senators on this shit !!! Health care is not a privilege!!!
Why can people be on public aid and eat better and drive nicer vehicles than  working people total bullshit and than u want us to pay for HC
People on public aid get better food and vehicles? Do you honestly think people on public programs don't work, and live large?
Went to the store family ahead of me bought steaks roasts chops while I have hotdogs and hamburger pay with link card and get into a mustang
A family? Fits in a mustang? You saw the prices? You are certain it was a link card? Still wouldn't matter, assuming you're not lying.
Your right buddy people play the system that's why people don't want to work let's have six kids live together and the government will pay u
I imagine you saw this family of six fit in a mustang too.
@SenSanders if you were forced to have Obamacare coverage for you and your wife, you would be singing a different tune.
If you weren’t so busy pushing your next presidential run, you may have seen this coming earlier.
Glad you listened @SenSanders
Your "debate" is harmful. Cancel it. Stop grandstand. You lost the primary, remember?
Military spending is crazy!
Let me just call you a liar now because I guarantee you've not seen that or it would've been reported by a liberal like you.
I love how anyone who points out lies is a troll 
Convince the Congressmen who want to commit genocide of those who need healthcare.  We do not matter to them.   Big business does.
Good. Need to be thrown off Health Insurance, i'd rather choose and not waste money.
You are nothing more than Trump's mini me!!!

So your answer is to throw millions of dollars off on other people?
Bernie if your bill won't succeed pleas fight against the GOP plan

Why are you really for?
I fully support Medicare for All.  It works. All workers (some co.) pay for it. NOT entitelment. Get rid of cap so ALL RICH pay fair share.
Not even sure the people of Vermont agree?
Dem Govt control Obamacare result in ever more millions of ppl with no coverage because of rising unaffordable premiums & deductibles
Is massive manifestation,same day and time all over America will be the only way to get message clear to republicans: don't touch healthcare
They would just use the free federally funded healthcare that's provided in 8000 cities
Organize a march!!
Wondering if Trump worked with Dems on DACA to force Reps to come together on ACA in fear of future bipartisanship?!
"Close" is not good enough acting slow & thorough is smart not a "failure" when looking at this rush for action on healthcare. StayStrong
Doesn't throw them off, it gets rid of the mandate.
If people go from being able to afford insurance to NOT BEING ABLE TO AFFORD IT, they've been THROWN OFF.
It's already too expensive.  Deductibles are so high, lower income families can't get the care they need.  Needs to change.
You're just drinking the koolaid if you think getting rid of the mandate makes plans cheaper.
Aren't you going to engage in a debate here? Post the links that support your position. That's how this debate thing works. Thanks.

May good help us Bernie
For the first time in my life, my health insurance is at risk. We must fight this last gasp attempt by POTUS & GOP to defeat Obama care
Nice sports car, Bernie.
ABSOLUTELY!!!
Bernie you know what our president thinks about us right? #unitetofighttheright
@HuffPost @politico your scare tactics are worn out
Your immediate concern is to socialize all of America and put government in control of everything. You need to uphold the constitution
A bit extreme John
"Taking resources"? Is that your definition of paying taxes? Do you believe specifically in health security for all Americans?
I'm significantly more concerned about my health security in this country than I am of ISIS.
Would you like to be on Obama care sir??
Bernie! Your grabbing straws to stay in government. Without it, there is nothing you have anymore. Enough already!
Government's job is to protect our country, enforce the laws, and provide the required infrastructure.  Life is our own responsibility.
Bunch of sick people!
Your immediate concern should be to try and help the Republicans fix the mess you liberals created!
Obamacare is worse than any natural disaster. It's also killing jobs. Lots rather pay a fine rather than pay for Obamacare.
Go away, tea party fraud. Your game is up.
Then stop pushing Medicare4All and tell your far left to stop using it as a litmus test on Democrats.
Jesus weep why should every citizen not have Medicare??
Because healthcare has is a privilege not a right
Healthcare for all citizens is an absolute and fundamental right. No ifs no buts.
Wrong sir
What kind of a Dr are you ?
I am a retired dentist/Assoc Professor of Dentistry with MS and a stroke
I am sorry to hear of your illness and wish you well
Your sure to fail SP is a distraction from the GOP destroying ACA! You've no love for Democrats ACA or Obama &'would be glad to see it fail!
I've been critical of Sanders, but he got the parliamentarian to effectively strike key provisions of the prior bill. He'll be a big help.
He's been a big help trying to save ACA, & not just striking key provisions, but also toured the country rallying support to stop the repeal
He did do a lot of rallies but often confused the msg w/pro SP & attacks on party. He was at his best when the 'skinny' bill was defeated.
Don't your battery ever run out. You have no idea what you're talking about you just tweet and get paid and go home to eat get paid go home
Yes because that way no one will notice that your plan strips healthcare from 180 million people
You need to switch parties Bernie Sanders.  I think your lost.
Funny how you word stuff. It's not "throwing millions of people off health ins" when the people can't even use it due to high premiums.
We need a single payer system.
Thank you is Order for John McCain who will vote no to the.bill. A true profile in courage.
Tell that to your people who have been on Twitter telling people the ACA is a disaster and to get rid of it.
@UNHumanRights #Article25 #HealthCareIsAHumanRight #SinglePayer 

Nothing > #FreeMarket > #ACA > #Singlepayer

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-payer_healthcare?wprov=sfti1 …
You have your greater than/less that signs backwards.
Thanks, I think we're all a little turned around recently. At lest, that's the direction we've started moving. 
my concern is - -when are we going to IMPEACH TRUMP!?
Get over it Bernie Obama care sucks and is going to crash
Use the right term . Opt out. Not thrown off. The plan sucks
Then why the Medicare for all distraction, Senator?
They are going to get kicked off here soon because Obama care is failing. You read Hilary's book yet, since she cheated you from President?
Hillary? Russians you  mean...
Thank you for this. Now if you could just help some of your surrogates and followers to understand this, that would be fantastic.
Yep. I have said before that leaving aside the HRC damage, the biggest disservice Bernie did was not educating his followers with facts.
BS from BS. You want this to happen. Otherwise, you wouldn't have introduced your dead until 2021 bill now. Your agenda now matter the cost.
Should have been concentrating on that instead of your fairy tale.
Imagine being so small-minded you think getting people access to health insurance is a fairly tale
Withdraw your Single Payer bill so you and Dems can actually defend the ACA. Because you've just greatly reduced your power to do so
Please explain this logic. I honestly don't understand it.
You don't understand how DEMS supporting a Single Payer bill (which would repeal and replace ACA) kills their credibility to defend the ACA?
Single payer improves the ACA and expands it. Get over your hatred of Bernie and learn to walk and chew gum at the same time.
Do me a favor and untag me on that! Because I'm not rich but I'm a Berniecrat who voted for Trump so fu%k you right back.
How did I tag you
You can take my name off of this just like I took Bernie's
Ok
Just so you know,  I meant no profanity towards you
I know but we all including me need to untag others when lashing out at main tweeter. Tap on addresses at top and unclick everyone but main
Thank you.  I'm still learning
Yes, ask them to work for something for a change. Stop buying votes. Your Venezuela model hurt all in that once the richest L.A. country.
Government has no business being involved in Healthcare Bernie.
I don't know much about that, but lets admit that GGG was robbed last night.
Maybe you should notify your attack dogs?
Catastrophic uninsurable coverage in Utah you paid for a year w/zero benefits & no drug coverage since drugs don't count as medical care
That is less disastrous than your Medicare for all plan.
We need to be attacked by aliens so we can struggle together yes that's the ticket how about some nuclear detonations whacko like our govt
Good show yesterday, Bern.  That Canadian doctor really proved how socialized medicine is awful.  Lol. Good job!
We must stand up for our right to live.
Americans deserve 
#MedicareForAll 
We have suffered long enough
We will remember who.
Stop spending my money
Right now my number one concern is whether bombs are going to hit us or not as family is spread out all over. 
Not thinking about much else.
I hope you work hard to make sure your supporters understand not to be distracted by your ill-timed bill as we fight to save ACA. Do more.
Your plan is worse.
You should move to Venezuela. Live your dream during your lifetime.
The GOP plan is always "take away as much from people as possible and that will boost the economy" NEVER WORKS! But hateful people love it!
Rocket Man Trump who also wants to hit Hilary with a golf ball needs to be removed asap before we end up with a nuclear winter.
The GOP continues to try & take away #healthcare from millions of Americans for 1 reason and 1 reason only...

CORRUPTION!

End of story.
It was corruption that got us Obama care in the first place
We have to turn this country, COMPLETELY COMMUNISTIC!! Think of the greatness of Lenin and Trotsky and Stalin! We need the GULAGS!
Just just up bank fraud man
Yes, because you never thought twice about the countless who lost insurance because of Obamacrap.........no comment, didn't think so.
as long as my taxes dont increase in fact we are expecting a decrease in taxes.
Your socialist ideas don't work!! Look at Venezuela!
Thanks for this. Your people have lost the thread.
@AngelEyes_xx
Our next concern is how can we steal more money from the middle class to pay for a service we cannot afford to provide.
And a president who repeatedly attacks a former First Lady and Secretary of State.  Do something to stop him.
Do you have a frog in your pocket?
Your single payer fantasy release party last week?  You probably got Trumpcare passed with that stunt.  Thanks. You helped kill ACA.
The people who choose not to work choose not to have health insurance.  The government shouldn't give anything for free. Put them to work!!
Berne, isn't Obamacare throwing millions of people off health insurance.  High cost, high deductibles, high co-pay etc.
not "throwing people off" when users dont want to pay for a crappy product. be fair.
Get organized, people.  This one might pass.
Here is another concern. With caps on malpractice medical payments may not get paid to injured party.
It's a bad bill. 
SAVE YOUR #HEALTHCARE .. CALL this week and here are the extensions too .. @alfranken @SenSchumer @SenSanders
That would work if we didn't have McConnell in KY. 
I'm a MDx40 y discovered #AMA forget MUSCLES 100 yrs ago. Simple mistake YET a deadly invisible flaw infected in what MDs need to ALWAYS DO.
Please. Please be successful. It's a last gasp effort.
Can u ppl get anything accomplished ??  I've seen 2nd graders be more productive than u clowns in Congress.  It's very embarrassing.
Have you paid your taxes? Tired of the Crap. Your another LIAR. HOW MUCH WHERE YOU PAID TO CHANGE TABLES?
If this one fails and it will the best choice is Medicare for all. Hopeful they will give it serious complication.
You mean like how Obama did?
Once again more lies from the left.  Disastrous?  "ACA" is a failure.  It's a win for the "establishment".  Why aren't you on ACA?.
At least it's not as bad as Obama care. Its no where near as disastrous as Medicare for all would be. Retire you've already made millions.
could have had Hillary
Our immediate concern is to expose just how crooked the Democratic Party really is.
Bernie, you are our angel  and should be our president....we  you!!!
When the hell will these Repubs pay a price for this??
Because you socialist ideals will work!! Who's going to pay for all this free $hit?
We could have been pushing Hillary left if not for "purity" voters and an interloper, who will remain nameless. But no, now we claw back.
We can do it!
U know this is republicans' response to your medicare-for-all, single payer proposal, right? U know they would rather have the ACA...
don't pretend you care phony
Where do you freeloaders come from? And how do you figure  you are owed anything in this life?
Government food stamps should not be allowed to use in convenience stores. Nothing health can be purchased for a family
'Our' is that the Royal pronoun? It cannot refer to the Dems since you seem to hate those folks. US politics is so confusing.
More talk like that Bern and one of your loopy supporters might actually finish off a congressman this time. Your a dangerous man

I'm on Medicare and it's great but I still need supplement coverage. I'm all for single payer like Canada and the rest of the world!
You mean Obamacare which is unconstitutional and illegal, Obama got his bank account loaded by health insurance companies and the pharmacy
Socialized medicine is a terrible idea for America! Resist it at all costs! People voted not for it. #MAGA
Millions payed a fine not to have ACA because it's a disaster yet you hang your hat on this! You are selling lies!!
yawn.
Pay for your own roads commie.
Why would we pool resources for societal staples. Can't see any benefits.
Immediate concern is to revoke every socialists citizenship and ship their asses to a socialist country so they can experience first hand.
I can't believe I voted for you in the primary. Oh wait you were way better than Hillary. You're completely wrong on healthcare though
James Connolly was a good republican! Tiocfaidh ar la
Medicare for all! Am I the only one that knows when the gov't controls your health care they'll tell u what services u need not your Dr.
Bernie, your history shows you are a socialist. Quit being a wolf in sheeps clothing by passing yourself off as a Democrat.
Like Obamacare isn't disastrous
#AwanFamily
#DirtyCase
#DirtyMcCabe
#DirtyFBI
#Server
#Computers
#Blackberrys
#CFCUAUDIT
#Congress
#Senate
#SPYRING
#DNCHACKED
Throw all americans off socialized healthcare (obamacare) and send it back to the free market where it BELONGS. Go find a retirement home
Have you considered a move to N. Korea, Bernie, they could really use you over there.
Bernie Sanders, you are incredible! A true American hero.
Repeal and Replace the Liars who obstruct America. Your idea sir KILLS MORE AMERICANS THAN CANCER. Wait one you are the CANCER KILLING US
Get hold of a couple of Republicans and beat this one down like you have the other misguided attempts by Trump's minions!
Uchaguzi itakuwa liwale na liwe
That's actually Obamacare that did that.
They are trying to derail your Medicare for all.... rally the troops for both
It would have to be on the rails, first. He's grandstanding. Plain and simple.
You are brain dead socialist bernie,  obama care is a rip off. My son, his wife, 2 yr old boy were fined, FINED $2700, 3 MONTHS, NO INS.
Time to call it quits and retire Bernie - You probably have little time left with the Mrs before she goes to her new home in jail!
Free healthcare should end
Socialism.. Not even once.
Uh why? Denmark and Norway have universal health care and they are the 2 happiest countries on earth. Or do you hate happiness?
Will this onslaught ever stop?
The ACA is not health care.  It is subsidized profit for insurance companies in return for a few bones thrown to us.   Nothing more.
You need to stop lying at this point.
Obama care caused millions to loose their insurance because of the elevated costs of premiums.
They could always buy their own insurance.  Also, you could sell one of your three houses.  Or stop giving to illegals.  So many ideas...
No Bernie we want freedom of healthcare not to be forced to pay it like it's another tax requirment.
Simple Bernie's #Socialism plan!
Ripoff Republicans are back goto steal and kill our heroes in doomsday Congress
World Embracing Alternate Paradigm in Governance

U R no better then the Demi's.  Blame game!  U R not good for America!
Your a big joke. Go home and stay there.
Bravo
Bernie Venezuela is calling. You might want to take a loaf of bread with you I understand that there is no bread for sale there. By, by.
rhetorical poop
Say that, Bernie! it's gonna take ALL of us. First, we fight 2 stop the GOP, & we MUST ALL fight 4 the OBVIOUS answer: #MedicareForAll
Hello there Bern, Hillary Stab you in the back & you praised her. Oboma care is dead & to blame not Trump's plan.
Insurance overhaul.  Where to start?  For profit created this health 'care' problem.
Heartless, Uncaring Despicable Republicans who could care less about Americans Healthcare ... they've got Theirs.
Can Congress regulate the AMA?  Just saw a 60 mins story about the heroin epidemic in middle and upper class America   Doctors prescribe ...
I propose you not be allowed to use force to make me give to you favorite charity #ask me nicely if you want my donation
What a hypocrite! Forgot ObamaCare scam??? Obama's biggest legacy
