@marknutter you're being insanely over dramatic. People will still want to be doctors and doctors will still get paid and you can quit so...
Until they're not. You act like wealth is never going to go away. What happens if the economy collapses?
I'm taken aback by all this too, and no more so than because I feel like #Bernie is caving because of these corruption charges.
Sad really.
The Dem's really stuck their necks out eh, as for the DNC? 
They really didn't think this one out at all.
They can afford to have no conviction, they mainly consist of multi millionaires and billionaires. The're guaranteed healthcare, as for us?
Really? So you ran on single payer and then refused to vote for it! YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE!!!! You should immediately resign!!!!!
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenatorMcCain TU for your votes. You saved lots of lives today. Warren Buffet says universal good fir USA
Say good riddens to insurance comps & let leave. Save $billions when cut them out & use to pay for Universal program like 34 top countries
Let it fail, it's a corporate bought Democrat unaffordable give away to big Pharma and billionaire CEOs. Fight for universal. Draft Bernie.

Not a victory yet. Full Repeal!

Not to change the subject, but why did you vote against Russian sanctions?
He did?
And now Trump is set to sign it into law, and I don't think the anti-Iran stuff has been stripped out. It could blow up that entire accord.
Do you think that's why he voted against it? Because he didn't want to mess things up with Iran?
Yes. If we go against our own accord and impose the old sanctions, they might feel obliged to developing nuclear again. Plus it would show..
This is only the first step. We must now move forward to guarantee health care to all people as a right not a privilege.
By enslaving doctors.
Ur making a nonsensical point. Slaves where not paid doctors still get paid. Slaves didn't have a choice, becoming a Doc is still a choice.
Lol.sure they can, they can quit, we all could quit, other than military personnel just snowballing on that one, not every Doc tied 2 ACA
So it's "work for the wage we set for you or quit", huh? Don't be surprised if people suddenly stop wanting to become doctors.
I can only imagine the celebrations when Trump resigns.
It will be a Stat holiday in the US
National You're Fired! Holiday Weekend

Thank you Senator Sanders.  Let's all sleep a little easier tonight.
http://www.sethrich.info/  Now Arrest HER !! #DNCFraudLawsuit #JusticeForSethRich #Awangate #DemExit
And just WHO is going to pay for it? Godsdamn pie in the sky snowflakes with NO CLUE about how the real world works!!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for being awesome.
Thank you Senator
One interpretation is voters won't buy something marketed without substance. Has to be sold on its merits.
Another is Collins, Murkowski and McCain listened to their consciences and couldn't vote to take healthcare away from millions.
Full of poop!
ACA is a corporate fredbag. It's bullshit not health security
It's cool that your related to Larry David !!!
Why did you vote against the Maginsky and recent Russian sanctions?
Thank you Bernie and America!
Thank you Senator
Your right for once!  We are winning because the #swamp keeps getting more exposed #MAGA
Thank You!
Thank you, Senator. The fight continues, but in the meantime, you saved lives last night.
Now introduce your #SinglePayer bill Bernie and do NOT talk about "improving" the ACA. Private industry needs to get out of health care.
you're welcome bernie
I love your helium tank routine - Said No One Ever.
Thank you Bernie!! You're my motivation and made me believe that the people can make a difference! #SkinnyRepeal #NoTrumpcare #Resist
No. Thank YOU #BERNIE2020 for giving us tools and hope the Progressives needed to start the #OurRevolution, this is just the beginning
They are still a bunch of losers
Thx Sen. Sanders, and keep passing on the message!!

'The time for technocratic timidity is over.'

- @NickHanauer 

#singlepayernow

Thank you for your support and love of country.

Thank you, Bernie! And thank you to all the Senators who stood up for the American people!
FU
yeah you are welcome dear
Love yah, Bernie.
You are wonderful! You would have been the best president ever
Certainly no victory for freedom or the people forced to pay the bills you 3 house public treasury sucking parasite.
Thank you Bernie! Thank you McCain for making this unimaginable dream possible.
Thank you Bernie for you're diligent fight
Thank you, Senator. You are an inspiration; you give us hope
The people had no say. Meanwhile our costs and deductibles soar.
Thank goodness the ACA slowed the rise of costs. Imagine if the energy wasted on repeal were put toward fixes...
Slowed?  My rates soared after aca and every year.
While that may be true in your case, it is not the norm. Hopefully there are fixes to your predicament that congress is willing to work on.
Absolutely! Thanks to all who came out for town halls marching and making our voices heard! I hope that now we can "return to regular order"
I might not agree with Sen. McCain on many issues but dang that man showed bravery tonight. Need to see more of that from the GOP.
He came to his damb senses finally !! Thank you @SenJohnMcCain !!
That's democrats  for you .all they care about  is them self.
Very happy to see you retweeting Bernie, Josh! You two are my kind of New Yorkers!
Thank you !
I have nothing but love, and admiration for you Hon. Senator Sanders.  Wishing you happiness and good health, today, tomorrow and always.
We get to live, Bernie! WE GET TO LIVE!!

Thank YOU, Bernie.
It all came down to John McCain. Why is it that none of the other Republican Senators care about the well being of the American people?
Janet, let's not forget Collins and Murkowski! McCain wasn't the only Republican who voted no.  I agree there should have been more though
True. It came down to strong women. Sorry. The first article I read this morning said it was just McCain. That was wrong information.
No need to apologize! Just giving our fellow women their due, as I knew you would. I'm grateful for all the positivity you spread in #OH4.
Thanks!
Why did you vote no on the Russia sanctions ?

u disagree with Pres Trump on everything bc u just want to obstruct not bc u r worried. B truthful
Truthfully, my daughter has a serious preexisting condition ...so yeah, I give a shit more than some who maybe don't have skin in the game
i have plenty of skin in game.  Cant afford my premiums.  R u going to help me now?
Bernie you call forcing the free American people to accept your extremist insurance plan a victory? you are completely void of reality
He's pushing for Medicare for all it doesn't end here with him so if you think only those who can afford to live should shame on you
One step at a time!
I do not now, nor will I ever support a socialist leader, I feel you are everything that's wrong with this country, so please do not twitter
THANK YOU FOR INSPIRING US TO ACT!!!!
We're good for another couple days, so there's that
In no more than 5 years single payer is here
Victory for the American People? Really?!! Victory would be having leaders on both sides of the aisle that would work together for Americans
There is no victory. Americans are still on healthcare plans they can't afford or use. We are still in a mess because of Obamacare.
Victory for left wing socialist.  But it won't last.  America rejects socialism and crooked politicians.   takes a while for people to learn
I'm sorry to be rude, but you're deluded. You're perspective is leading to the ruin of this country. I really pray ur eyes will be opened.
Pray on sister. There are lots of deluded people but Sanders isn't one of them.
Thank you for fighting so hard for the good of the American people !
If you only believed what you say speak write or vote.
Really Bernie?  If Obamacare is such a winner then why don't you use it?
Thank you Senator!!! For all your hard work n for standing up to the Bully!!! Please run for President again!!Weu n God Bless 
What's your solution to healthcare? Any ideas? You won to KEEP Obamacare? That's a win?
Can it, Sanders. You suck and hate America

Rah!
"Thank you For Our Victory"!
Thanks back 2 u Sen.Sander's 4 providing us w/faith that we'll overcome the debacle of DJT &the cloying&complicit GOP!Yea,McCain
Bullshit
Bernie looking forward to be like Venezuela? and Cuba, Russia. But as long you steel monies from others you must be ok. Communist.
Most of us are at the place we should be able to enjoy life, SENATOR Sanders.  We've work towards THE promise to live/w diginity. #America
And shame on those who did not.
Hey Bernie I don't see having zero healthcare options, high premiums, and high deductibles being a victory for the American people.
The GOP must all have assets involved in the insurance/pharma industries!
Yes it was when McCain did Thumps Down, I  Cheered
The real victory will be when we implement single-payer Medicare-for-All for every single American citizen.
Are you participating in Obamacare, Senator?  Didn't think so.  You are a fraud.
So when are you going to use the ACA ?

YAAAASSSS!!!!!!!

Healthcare isn't delivered by spreadsheet http://www.bmj.com/bmj/section-pdf/947617?path=/bmj/358/8114/Comment.full.pdf … via @mgtmccartney
Healthcare is not constructed to run like Burger King or a supermarket. If you fail at the business of making burgers, people don't die.
If you take away food all together yah, ppl die.
Yes, but not one store.
@IntricateKnot1 Stay Blessed!
Tell your brother I love his chicken and thank him for his service.
Victory 
Thank you, Bernie!
Yea, thank you Senate! The people don't get a say in this Bernie! None of you do what we want.
Thank you Bernie!!!
You voted against new sanctions against Russia? WTF?
I'm angry with you! Please explain!
In Europe we're mystified by the US tearing itself apart re universal health care. To us is an equality issue and right of citizenship.
Get back to bed Bernie
Thank you for coming out and speaking to us, could you hear us on the Senate floor?

You are so welcome bless you and your family have a great day
A victory for socialists and freeloaders.....
Thank you
It sure was.
It sure is a beautiful #FailureFriday!
Bernie, with all due respect, your country is a disgrace.
Thank YOU and let's keep it up. #ThePeople
Thank Bernie for always standing up for what is right! 
So why did you vote against Russia sanctions?
Thank you for tirelessly fighting to mske our voices heard. Bernie we love you
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens! Wake up USA!
thank you for your tenacity
love you Senator.. than you for working so hard for us!
The battle is ours, but the onslaught will continue as long as this puppet president and his minions are in power. It will only get worse.
Amen sir.  I find your work to be very inspirational and you make me proud to be an American sir
Get ready for war we are gonna die!!!!!!!!!because the potus does not give a f&%k about poor people only his people.
Let's immediately stop calling it Obamacare !   From now on call it what it is THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT!
 What a F-ing joke! The American people r stuck with crap HC!  Your Socialist idea of medicine is not American  But u own it Now! #idiots
Please vote for the next Russia sanctions bill
You're welcome Bernie
We are ready for 2020 Bernie.
Tell that to mind when the plan goes BROKE stupid bernie
Always to back you because you speak for so many. Keep at it Bernie.
It was a victory for freeloaders and big hospitals. It was a declaration of war against middle-class taxpayers and small business.
Y didn't  you vote for single payer bill that was offered today? Not 1 Dem voted for it.
Read it:
19 trillion in fed debt
What is your plan to make it better? Do you have one?
Go steal a newspaper or defraud a bank you communist.
We losing our power as the days go by
Sen. McConnell distorts reality!!!
Crazy ass socialist...dont you have a bank fraud case to win?
Thanks to you Sen.Sanders!  You lived in the fire for us last night. So grateful for you & all who voted w/ courage & integrity last night
this is not what the American people wanted.  If Trump had pushed to keep Obama care, you would've repealed it. Corrupt.
Why arent U CNN, or anyone else besides Fox reporting on this. Seems there may B some very very shady things in DNC
Keep giving them hell Bernie! We need you!!
and now hopefully the work of compromise at least has a chance
Thank You.
We the people will forever be so grateful to you Senator Sanders
Yeah thanks for taking away the hope my mother had for her to work more.
McCain's a hero but it has to be said: the moral bar set by GOP's legislation was so low, an 80 yr old w a brain tumor leapfrogged over it.
You need to thank the three GOP Senators who voted no, especially John McCain!
Bernie you let the majority of Americans down. Your liberal ways will bankrupt the USA.
You are so much legal trouble. Take care of your own house.
Ohhh Thank you more Mister Bernie!!!
Everyone Loves you in Oregon! 
Victory would be free #universial #health #coverage. Lets not sell ourselves short.
While u own three lake houses Bankfraud Bernie
+++
@IngrahamAngle @VP @SenJohnMcCain @SenMajLdr  @tedcruzsenate CONGRATS fr AMERICA's Socialists Basking in GLORIOUS VICTORY
In Caracas Seats are available immediately BRING TOILET PAPER  United Socialist Party Venezuela (Partido Socialista Unido de Venezuela, PSUV
Why do you not use Obamacare? Because its GARBAGE
I'm an RN of 40 years helping patients get what they need.  Working poor with insurance for the 1st time, they can't lose their insurance!!!
Thank you Sen. Sanders your our voice
We love you Mr President 
Thank you + your teams hard work! I'm so relieved (for now)
Nein, Herr Stegner, Sanders ist ein glaubwürdiger Linker. Mit dem Kaliber haben Sie nichts zu tun! Sie passen nicht in seinen Windschatten!
Victory for even bigger government, not the people. Who wants a huge "VA style" run healthcare system?
I have decided I would prefer to live. Socialism is death.
Having healthcare insurance is not the same as having access to healthcare.
Provide healthcare, stop selling schemes to subsidize the sale of health insurance.#SinglePayerNow #courageofyourconvictions
Today is the day we stood up for public services and united to support the unfortunate and downtrodden of our society!
You'd make a great President but if you include Native Americans what I asked Trump to do but he got KKK instead
No. It is not. Watch.
Democracy prevailed here. Now it's time to work together, give and take, to benefit ALL of America..not just pease a political agenda.
Tonight was ultimate betrayal of American people. I have been a public health nurse for 40 years & have watched the terrible effect of ACA
Thank you
From your vantage point a 3 pointer from the other team into your basket from mid-court at the buzzer is a Victory.
Love you Bernie. Thank YOU!
Thank you, sir, for continuing to stand up for what you know is good and right. 
MR SANDERS YOU ONE OF THEM,  thank you, now lets get to work!  YESSSSSSSSSS FOR ALL PEOPLE HEALTH CARE
Again, if Obamacare is so great why don't you and all congress use it?
You still driving that Audi R8?
