Sanders/Gore 2020!
Dem's it's time to stand up to big money! #TakeWashingtonBack
What???? The only reason they get built now is because of "big money" tax breaks. @BernieSanders would freak if big oil got them.
Except you can't switch on a wind farm or a solar panel.  Production is so unpredictable they require tax breaks even to be built.
I am in favor of having made us the largest oil producer in the world. Lower gas prices and leverage over countries that don't like us.
All while jetting around, spewing greenhouse gases across the globe, making big money off the uninformed & ignorant.
So says a man who has become incredibly wealthy advocating ONE cause.
Liar-Liar-pants-on-fire. Liar-Liar!  Fake science to promote Carbon taxes and endless BS studies to make him even richer
When the idea of Capitalism has made people to forget how to be human.
I see what you’re trying to say, and I’d have agreed with you, but Socialism isn’t the reason for Venezuela’s crisis.
You should research this, actually.
Al Gore = Almost as useless as obama !
Oh Al, you're first book with all of your dire warning & predictions were a LIE. You're just trying to sell another book. Grow up.
You & alfie should know, after all you are both now big money. @potus @TEN_GOP
Hello Sir, non of you is small money.Both of you are big money and should stop spreading allegations without facts please.
What's the difference between a democracy and an oligarchy?
Don't mix up your climate change hysteria with the issue of  recycling, just to score political  points.
CEOs have a conflict of interest: lose their job, inc, status OR destroy Earth. So they go into denial or let the buck pass to the next guy.
You mean threatened, bought? I want to know why they are NOT investigated-prosecuted,  organized crime, just not openly AL CAPONE style
Says a guy who can't win an election even when he wins it- is that where you got the idea Bern? From Al Gore?
So Gore force his agenda and he can make more money? Why Gore fly private jet if he is so concern about the carbón footprint? Fake news ..
We can force the fossil fuel industry to stop if we all collectively #divest. Cut them off at the source.
Sounds LIKE You Are Talking About The Clinton's
#BankFraudBernie knows that Climate Change is nothing but a scam for more government control and higher taxes.
Thanks for sharing that Robin Hood...
Meanwhile back in Cuba everything is ok. Right Comrade Bernie Sanders.
You mean like Soros, Buffett, & Gates? Billionaire market manipulators. What about the States, and Federalism?  Obama destryed State's rghts
I hope this is still up :o
one liar supporting another liar, awesome , keep it up
They have been doing that for more than 40 years, but now solar is breaking through.
You guys ARE BIG MONEY
Oh man, running government for 8 yrs. and in the last min. signing the Paris accord, but now waking up. Where have you been before? Denmark?
and as long as big money supports you, you can influence people with half truths
"That big money needs to come to me and Bernie instead. We both need another mansion, plus Bernie suddenly has lawyer bills out the ass."
You would be the one to know
So long as @POTUS can #Unmask #Socialist Organization then @TheJusticeDept can #Indict Treasonous #Dummies
The Waltons have $130 billion. If they had paid their employees a living wage instead of buying lobbyists, MANY people would be better off.
Both #corperatewhores
Just like you and your wife to.  Your just a cheat. If the news would stop sunshine u u would prob go away.
Once "renewables" become cheaper than other sources then people will flock to them. Until then subsidies are required. Supply/demand rules
Why do I trust federal over state? Many businesses and churches have more money than states.
Remember when Al Gore won the election....?
What's Al's net worth Bern, 300 million? You guys quit talking about big money, you are big money.  Go make a land deal & quit tweeting!
I say that becus she's not good but I really sadly would rather her as PotUS over the dipshit, his pro KKK admin, or richer than thou family
When in truth the Electoral college swing the vote in Trump's favor against the popular vote for Hillary aka the Nicer devil in a dress suit
"So long as there's a profit to be made in hawking "climate change," I'll continue to sound the "alarm." - Al to Tipper, probably
At least that's how it seems; in recent days since the Reps got their turn to screw the world up so that Dems will have to clean it up again
And before I leave Gerrymandering - which essentially is changing rules so that a group or party has more control aka making cheating legal
Also cultural appropriation - like stealing & converting things into a fad for fun that might be serious/sacred to a group/ppl it originated
Then there's gentrification - building/fixing things up like a neighborhood to benefit those that can afford whom are richer than the locals
And people like that, getting to spread hate & fear instead of trying to spread equality & unity. That get to walk scott free of murder/rape
Or someone taking offense of something realistically doesn't harm anyone unless they already have a privileged, fearful or radicalized view
Then making regular harassers & ppl who have violent pasts recorded & have been working up to large crimes seem like angels of circumstances
Then there's the news promoting some ppl as violent criminals even though if they have committed then, which many didn't, they're petty ones
Now with officers hiding their dash cam & conveniently not having their vest camera or as reports come out they won't show video or the body
Or the infamous “they smelled like Weed” line or planting guns or drugs on ppl that are suspected but innocent of the charge of foul play
Or even “they fit the description” when harming innocents that don't fit it. Or assuming hostile intent with a weapon from a water bottle
And their response is usually “they look like thugs/drug dealers”, or “Where's BLM now?” even though the BLM doesn't support violence

because a Blk person kills someone somewhere that's White or otherwise. But fifteen White people & cops kill dozens of Blk ppl a week
Go Solar and  go electric cars!!!!
As well as the belief that Black/Brown Lives Matter in a world where being White is considered normal but not being so is exotic or evil
There's also the massive pay gap in the work place based on race & gender as well as racial injustices being ignored like mass incarceration
To be respectful & a safe distance of each other but to also lessen the gap to a point when everyone is comfortable & get each other's issue
And to stop killing the world & go back to healing it as well as casting off old stigmatisms that only hold us humans back & keep us divided
My point is that we all really need to expose corrupt elitests & exclusive privateers who push for control of the world through fear & money
I'm sorry I started going off on how shitty & unnecessarily complicated the world is & how beautifully complicated people can be at times
But then learn ways to survive or make their situations work to their advantage even in captivity. And the LGBTQ+ mostly with flare & charm.
Oprah Winfrey & Al Gore for president in 2020
sounds good dont you agree
Probably the same thing with women who've been on the rise & start pushing for success & get comfortable or get the fight kicked out of them
I guess its so with a lot of people that get tricked out of their self worth or lose sight of their culture to make others rich or feel safe
or execute ppl that ask questions or want them replaced & its similar in other nations situations but for African natives it's regular chaos
@SenSanders TY for #BernieTV
PLS consider reposting,broadcasting all vids on free site that does not a signal,login to view,read
@facebook
but then send their kids to Euro schools for education, buy expensive stuff & mansions, ignore human trafficking & incarcerate
As the leaders of several of these countries regularly suffer coup d'etat or assassination attempts but leave their economies in shambles
Or Christian missionaries & Muslim sects from the Middle East encroach further inland using religon as a skeleton key of indoctrination
of fixable things like sickness/starvation or suffer without affordable available education while letting Euro companies dig up resources
Because they are all corrupted 99%of US government owned by corporate sponsors Renewables should be job1 you know Oil n Gas will not bakdown
Back Africa really quick it's very strange that people in their governments think paying the West (or East) to watch their citizens die off
And somehow out of all of that the value of a dollar has decreased? So many people who do these dangerous planet killing jobs are struggling
Now there are reports of using a Sonic device to collect oil deposits under the sea, which has killed hundreds of fish & some sea mammals
True, but it is getting awfully hard with the low prices of wind/solar.
Thousands of fish, birds, mamals & reptiles no longer exist because of humanity's unhealthy need to tame nature instead of living with it
Long term: Const'l amdnt to overturn Citizens United (@WolfPAChq)

Short term: Elect reps who reject big money (@GreenPartyUS/@justicedems)
But we have poachers & big game of land animals, sea creatures & birds that hunt down man species over that line to make money or look cool
It not only holding back renewables, it's holding back human progress. Do not doubt we are in a recession of culture and morals as a result.
Animals have a near natural selection rate of births & near extinction rates that reverses normally or with a help from conservationists
As well as killing off many species of animals that exist better in concert with nature than we do, like their stool & corpses as fertilizer
When you subsidize one industry against another is it not like China dumping steel? Make investments in r&d, not production.
big money? influence? million dollar homes  like yours?
He has no million dollar home. And by big money he means the Billions spent by oil companies to lie about climate change
he does have million dollar homes.he is part of the swamp!
The most expensive place he owns is 600k. No where near a million and his other homes are cheaper than that.
Illegal logging/tree cutting of rain forests is prohibited but still ongoing & deforestation around the world greatly limits our air quality
Can the modern Don Quixote please give us an honest view of the exorbitant cost of energy from windmills?
Subsidy free zone is spreading and regardless of the climate argument versus the cost of oil wars? Cheap. Damn cheap.
Fossil always externalized its costs to its polities. Its not cheap at all it just makes you pay from the other half if your wallet.
*of
Worse the cost argument even with all the externalities is begining to fall apart six years ago. Thats how cheap wind and solar are.
ROI is also guaranteed, cumlative and unlike fossils endless costs booms and busts a societal positive
As it directly supresses a cause for both a military industrial complex and the need to use it so often.
This is not even begining to discuss the climate cost you will deny and obvously will not be paying.
Let's eliminate for-profit waste removal industry & raise $ for public waste mgmt! Profiting from waste = suppression of Zero Waste goals!
Corps & nations around the world including the US uses Africa as a main source of agriculture, oil & mining of metals over their own lands
No one size fits all solution. Need energy options. Put more restrictions on China and Russia 4 clean energy. US has enuf regulations
Coal mining poisoned the St. Louis water supply, NODAPL that is on federally sanctioned Native American soil tainted the land after a spill
we should nationalize energy production since it is a public good
That's what got Kahdafi killed
Right now everyone is on about the repeal/replacement of Obamacare that helps millions of Americans survive. But not the oil & coal industry
In truth about all politicians' bank rolls should be made public. Running this country is a privilege to serve not a right to get very rich
And just like Trump we have A Lot of politicians especially in the Rep party that don't like letting people know how much they make & spend
Al Gore complaining about "big money." 
I have my big laugh for the day.
So long as tbe sun rises
Anyone that's rich is from a small million which, is what many politicians make in office, to a 30/100 millionaire opens a door to questions
#BankFraudBernie Don't you have a lot os money From Hillary?
Oh Wait .@SenSanders you & your wife STEAL from banks too
There's no evidence he got any money from Clinton and he and his wife did not profit from the bank loan.
Well, once those states start to start lagging way behind, they will have no choice but to move out of the Stone Age.
We should never have government officials that regularly take bribes/incentives from corps & privateers or have huge accounts in their stock
Or a brother as Governor of a crucial swing State!
It really is the root of all evil as recent times have shown us.
2/2 Current TV 2 Qatari based Al Jezeera Oil rich Qatar,2 quote Gore, “there is no such thing as ethical oil only dirty oil & dirtier oil”.
1/2 From Forbes, Al is prinicpal in Global Investment Managment, and made over 218 million in selling carbon offsets + 70 million selling
They can also encourage you to pass laws forcing us to alter our lifestyles in ways that make you rich by solving problems that don't exist
Most of the changes would be directly impacting industry and not normal people.
impacting industry in the form of massive taxes and regulations that drive costs up and either stunt growth or cut jobs.
Burnie, how much $$$$$ did Clinton and the DNC give you to throw the nomination?
None. And if you have any evidence to the contrary I would love to hear it.
You should know all about that Bernie Boy!!!!
What about the big money paid to you by Al Jazeera for your shitty cable network? Did that have influence? @algore
That is an interesting comment fr a man who has and continues to make millions off back of Climate Change
Ask Al why he flies around in a private jet all the time. Also drive in big luxury gas guzzler SUV.
That doesn't seem correct
That is the absolute truth.
That's the free market for you. US consumers demand products that US companies cannot make, aren't making it cheap enough, or good enough.
