they earned their $$$$$ let them leave it for whomever they wish.
"earned"
Yea, much better than voting your way into someones pockets like beggars.
Better than being born into someone's pockets, actually takes effort
No, it's not.  You're still a loser and at least their parent's earned it.  I'd like to leave assets to my children as well.
Ah ok if my parents are losers then I guess I deserve to be one too 
No, you can get out and earn it...  if you're strong enough.  You like Bernie, so I doubt it.
Alright, so I have to earn it - but those with rich parents can get success handed to them. That's fair.
Bernie the guy with 3 houses one of which is a beach house and also under investigation for bank fraud. WANTS EQUALITY. WHAT A JOKE
You realise people can have wealth and also advocate for equality right?
Oh yes. Makes as much sense as a lot of current liberal thought. I prefer put your money where your mouth is #donateallbernie
I mean your a middle class person advocating for the rich to get richer while the middle class gets nothing, so anything is possible.
Oh, so you're a poor person advocating to get poorer. That is even worse. I feel sorry for you and your trust in corporations.
Don't feel sorry for me. I was raised to not take what belongs to someone else, though Sanders  obviously wasn't.
Ok then stop using public roads.
>I'm working to be in the .2%
Judging from your grammar and the US economy, you're never going to get there.
You will never be rich. I will never be rich. Nobody except the people who are rich and their children can be rich.
I mean it's their money after all, they earned it, they can decide where it's left
The heirs to the slave labor Walmart empire didn't earn a thing.  They don't even have the decency to pay a living wage
The slave labor? Yeah I forgot they put a gun to people's heads and forced them to work at WalMart. The reality is they earned their empire.
Christian capitalist eh?  Yeah.  This tax plan if it were to pass would enrich Walmart and screw working people. Real Christian
People work at walmart lol
Yeah for pennies, while the Walton family has tens if not hundreds of billions.  That’s not capitalism that’s corporate welfare.
Well it's their business ma'am they can deal with their money as they please
Hey @SenSanders why are you insinuating that we get a "nickel" now?  Why should I care if the government stops double taxing ppls estate?
Lower the estate tax. $5 million is way too much,guarantees rich keep wealth in family not in economy. Trustee brats.
Why does the government deserve their money?  Why force family businesses to liquidate? Why not take property from 40 percent that logic?
The Walmart family??!! slave wages.  Time to pay their fair share.
God bless
So it's OK to steal from the rich dead... Next you will be pulling gold teeth from the dead...
Ryan/GOP need to cut costs to offset revenue lost on $5 TRILLION TAX CUTS for BILLIONARIES  -
This sounds kinda radical but 100% inheritance tax might prevent most prblms with the rich & poor ppl would actually have 2 work 4 their $
Or it might have people stop working all together!
Lol ya that's also a possibility
Apparently Republicans do like to get money without doing work after all. #freehandouts
And that 40% of double taxation would be HANDED OUT to people that have nothing to do with it being earned in the first place - my Goodness
Guess we should just abolish taxes then cause that's kinda how it works.
Just double taxation
Except it's not taxing the same person twice.
But you would pay significantly more in income taxes when you inherit a home due to the loss of the basis step up. Important talking point.
Class envy. You people are pathetic

If tax cuts for the rich were good for the economy, how come we ended up with the worst recession in 80 years after the Bush tax cuts?
You're a sickening WEASEL promoting REVOLUTION and REBELLION at the EXPENSE of the AMERICAN PEOPLE 
I love you bernie eat my ass
You are part of the 1%.
You can be a part of the 1% and still advocate for income equality.
Sure but you might lose your job if the boss dies  & her kids have to sell farm to pay the tax
Great video Sen Bernie Sanders
You didn’t earn it, why should you get it?
The tax cut is going to break the Treasury small business is mostly family Spanish and Asian they hire their family @BernieSanders.
Why should we if we don’t have estates? Why do you drum up Marxist-level resentment toward the successful and productive?
You are the 1%. You have 3 houses. More money than your grandchildren can spend. Lead by example. Give all of your money away. You Hypocrite
Yeah! and how much would the government get Bernie? and who do you work for? Just go away.
Delicious in the Republicans, uncomfortable in US people.
Really! @SenSanders, are you worried for all the 99.8% or are you worried about yourself?
you just can't tell the truth
The estate tax has to go. Its immoral as fuck.
Senator, when talking about the estate tax, make it clear that it only affects those who have a net worth of at least $5.5 MILLION, anyone who has a net worth under that is unaffected.
So ridiculous!
@SenSanders sometimes people need to work for what they get. You want to give them everything.
Ill settle for your stash of tax subsidies to the Sanders family
UTTER BS!
do you really expect people to bust their asses, only to be forced to give it all away to a bunch of so-called "legalized" thieves?   SICK!!
Yep. The Estate Tax only applies to those who actually have estates worth at least FIVE MILLION DOLLARS
Bernie, we know you're a 1%er and I'm sure you've done estate planning and won't pay death tax. Don't be a hypocrite.
Said the thief that wants to take with both hands.
45% of Americans pay no federal income tax is that fair you want tax increases on 55% of the country to pay for 100% of the bills..#never
Impart of the 99.8% and want the Estate Tax repealed. Its about morality not getting mine...
So let's not worry about it then.
SPREAD THE HATE, THE FEAR, THE DISPAIR. WE ARE STILL WAITING FOR SOLUTIONS. DON'T THING YOU OR YOUR COMPADRES HAVE ANY NOW OR IN THE FUTURE.
So what? It never was my money in the first place. Do you know how taxes work?
envy?
Bernie right smart people, stupid people are brainwashed..
So your daughter will get a nickel back? And how was your wife's investigation going?
Bernie is 1 of very few who speaks out@ GOP/DT efforts to erase ESTATE TAX- Would be millions in lost revenue but boon to very very rich
Socialism is organized thievery and only results in the equal distribution of misery. Just take a look at Venezuela.
Have to love how people here think they’re worth 5 million, the rich thank you for being delusional
Bernie, give it up. Americans don’t care about being robbed blind by the rich
I guess the easy way is Fraud!
So then it isn't a problem to me. I'll still have what I have. Stop your crying. People only deserve what they work for and earn.
Why should that money be taxed twice? They've already paid tax on it. Founding Fathers would be rolling over in their graves! Geez...
Ol Bernster- I'll trust Mexican tap water before you.
So....you want the government to keep the hard earned money that my grandfather worked his butt off for so his family could live better????
But you will be expected to make up the shortfall in revenue
99.9% of Americans are not exempted from Obamacare. Bernie and rest of Congress are the chosen few. #partyb4country
U r worthless, name a bill u have sponsored that did the average person good ??????
Thanks for making that clear ignorance is Bliss
How Could you miss Bernie his gross mis-statements R legend outrageous in his giveaways for votes The American people come last with him
I don't care if someone rich or poor isn't forced to pay as much in government theft. Income & property taxes are wrong. #TaxationIsTheft
How would that affect your children Bernie
That's because  we don't even know someone worth more than 5.49 Million! THIS TAX CUT is to KEEP RICH HEIRS VERY RICH...LIKE ROYAL FAMILIES!
DON'T FORGET:  the ESTATE TAXES that are not paid by American Royalty MUST BE PAID SOMEONE ELSE, like Middle-Class Workers and Families.
Ok mr no brain socialtwit Explain that to us ignorants pls. To me the estate tax is a death tax for property that taxes payed already GBA<><
If you have a net worth of less than $5.5 MILLION, you don't have to worry about anything. The estate tax only affects those with estates.
Yes I know that. That is why I asked mr socialtwit know it all Sanders. GBA<><
And we most certainly wouldnt get it from the liberal socialist democrats like you either!!!
I won't get a nickle, but I know a scam when I see one.  It's not right to tax money that has already been taxed when earned.
Bernie you stand in opposition of everything the Trump Administration does. This is no surprise just a repeat of a repeat of a repeat. Wahh!
you and the rest of the clowns in DC don't deserve the salary and all the benefits you gave yourselves. should take a 50% pay deduction  and no benefits wow the money we would save
that doesnt change the fact that your money is being taxed twice. It is not fair to the american people, no matter their income.
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah is all you and Warren ever say
You are a lying con artist BankFraudBernie.
Can you give a moral reason why the govt has any claim to someone's assets when they die?
AMEN!
that tax cut will only help the top 2% of the rich just like trump and the GOP REP tp try a cut for the rich all there cuts are for the rich
Immoral robbery against the dead is despicable if done against .2% or 100% ... I don’t want your blood money, Bernie ... you have no shame?
They didn't pay a nickel so why would they get one?
You're a fraud and a liar, and you only know how to steal and confiscate others hard earned property.
No fucking kidding. We don't get anything now. dead millionaires kids would get it. We have the benefit of leaving our money to family
You communist looks like Donald Trump had a good welcome in PR
Correct. But your heirs will!!
I don't need to be rich to think their money shouldn't be stolen from them. I don't hate the rich and you can't make me.
Lies
WHAT ABOUT THE WIFY?? WHATS GOING ON THERE?
So you work your entire life, pay taxes, and when you die the government deserves more?
It's not yours. Folks have built their estate OVER A LIFETIME and ALREADY PAID TAXES. Gov't has NO RIGHT to seize their property.
The estate tax is an unfair Marxist policy to pillage the wealthier class. Although I am not a member, I despise your Marxist/leftist $ grab
Don't allow these 6 people to control the conversation.  Unplug.
Most family farms fall under this but most of them are land rich only.
And all decisions should be based on personal greed? Nice Bernie.
Spoiler alert: If they taxed everyone at 100%, you STILL wouldn't get a nickel. Politicians will still line THEIR POCKETS.
Thank you for the facts.  The 'liberal' media has neglected to give proper air time to this  profoundly important issue
One less you get
Venezuela -the Face of Socialism Bernie.
Taxation is theft in the first place sooo I’m okay with getting rid of as many taxes as we can. No complaints here
I don’t get nothing now! And I’m brown! Nada! It would be nice if I could get tax credit, but it’s ok
Everything doesn't have 2B4 everybody.  It's my $!  I've already paid taxes on the income 2 produce the wealth. Y should the govt get it?
Bernie, you are more than welcome to pay your fair share.
I am not envious of those who make more than I like Comrade Bernie's supporters. I want SMALLER government and govt revenue across the board
And if you are part of the 99.8% you won't pay a penny either way. The .02% all have foundations and trusts. This will help sm bus & farmers
But why should .2% have to give their inheritance to the government?
Its only a percentage not the whole inheritence
if they repeal estate tax entirely family owned farms & ranches will benefit tremendously.these people love the life & feed us all.
Hay Bernie I Hear you are going to be AL Gores running mate for 2020.
This presumes I want a nickle of money that isn't mine and that I didn't contribute to?

Socialism seems to be a cover for greed huh?
The estate tax is a very unfair tax! Why should I spend my life building up my properties and business so my family can’t enjoy the benefits when I’m gone?
Doesn't matter. But why should the incompetent federal government get 1/2 of my nieghbor's farm when he dies?
There you go again Senator, trying to take other people's money!
America is not meant to be a Society of equality. It is a capitalist society. Those looking for a free ride Best keep looking.
BERNIE YOU A BIG LYER
The estate tax is ridiculous and you know it, Bernie. Tax has long since been paid on most estate assets and this is double taxation. But, not to worry, way too many lawyers, accountants out there to let this happen.
I'd prefer that to your socialist free giveaways of our tax money to non Americans.
Senator sanders stop worrying about the 1o/o and start worrying about how the money you do get from the tax payers is being spent. Abuse
What's more important is that it's immoral. If someone works their whole life, their CHILDREN should get the money, wouldn't you agree?
If someone transfers money to another person there's a tax. Someone dying shouldn't avoid that taxation.
You would if you're a farmer with a lot of land. It's a death tax @SenSanders
All you ever do is bitch. What is your tax plan?
So leave it unchanged...good plan, you fools
#BankFraudBernie
@CREDOMobile https://act.credoaction.com/sign/puerto_rico?t=3&akid=25264%2E12832646%2EOramej … @RevolutionArt2 @PuertoRicoPUR @Gop @DNC @IndivisibleTeam @justicedems #Whenweareawarewedoit #tytlive
The middle class will get a tax break.
Exactly what percentage of the 99.8% actually have an Estate to leave a trust or inheritance over $10,000? Most pay it all in healthcare.
What %%% are you currently residing in Bernie???
Stop the the lies.
The estate tax is a pain in the very lower back, we don't have in FL and we r very happy u cry and divisive baby, ur the most negative Iseen
Estate tax applies to just 0.02% of Americans, but repealing it will cost the govt. roughly $300B in tax revenue.  Guess who pays for this?
Extremely inaccurate would cost the government 19.3 billion. Only off by 1500%
Apparently not.
That source is suspect, but I’ll dig into it.
The tax foundation is suspect?
Please,  get everything in more. I don't know those political people. 
Call for ultrarich to be required to do  civic work b4 qualifying for any taxcuts
Get a nickle of what? Someone elses money?
Who cares?!  I do not want or need it.  I do not need the wealthy to take care of me!!  I do fine on my own!
House Slytherin!
A tax cut that adds to the deficit is essentially borrowing money to give to the 1%.
When you keep what you earn, no matter your income level, you aren't being given anything. But that language stokes the class envy.
The govt (we the people) are deficit spending.  Deficit spending = borrowing. The tax cut increases the deficit + skews benefits 2 the 1%.
If you want to use that logic - and it’s shaky because it presumes that what I want belongs to govt first - then the 1% is already paying...
Better than your ilk getting it
It accounts for less than 1% of Federal Tax revenue.  Why do think the gov't should be paid by the dead?  #graverobber
1% is 300 billion dollars. Who's gonna pick up the tab for the tax cut?
repeal the damn tax. it is not for the fed gov to be stealing somebody,s money that has already been taxed. and if they want to leave it to
Just because I don't get anything doesn't mean you automatically have a right to it
tax is immoral on its surface this one is criminal as well
Is it too much to ask the most successful to support the system that allowed that success?
And the only way to “support the system” is to turn over a good part of your estate to the State?  Bernie will spend that $ more virtuously?

And you won't deserve a nickel. It's not your money. #Thief
What? Why should they get a nickel? They don't pay the estate tax. What are you talking about?
These people earn that money why should the government have the right to steal their money just because they die.
The estate tax is not fair if it only affects0.2% of the country!
Go home  old man  your rocking chair is getting cold!! How come you’re supposedly the only one who can figure this out! Genius you’re not

Why do we have estate tax ?
The tax  was paid for the earned money that was used to create wealth. 
Why #DoubleTax those who pay 70% ofTaxes
Why? Say what you mean! You would've broken this country if you'd been elected.
Yes ma'am.
What you fail to say Bernie, is that the 1% still wont pay estate tax, it's the 99% that will have their legacy/inheritance stolen from them
Exactly
The GOP wants our taxes & healthcare only for the benefit for the rich thus setting up a wealthfare & wealthcare state all others f### you
Retire ,you have become irrelevant.U need to no longer hurt our country anymore .Time to go .STOP HURTING OUR COUNTRY !!!!
That's because must of them won't have an eligible estate and won't be taxed at all. More misinformation.
I've been saying this for yrs as est planning atty.  Falls on deaf ears
So you're a thief?
Nor should we, that'd be theft
I'm part of the 99.8%. But I still support ending the death tax. It's double taxation.
I agree! We should be thinking about the poor dead rich people!
really? you're such a fool Bernie
Really sir, I'm part of the 99.8%  I demand my corrupt government return the over $400,000 estate tax you apparently stole from my family! 
They have corrupt endeavors! Maybe if you go to Iran they'll give your stolen money back!
Because the estate tax steals money from people who have died to give it to the government. If anyone benefits from keeping it, you do.
Why would I deserve someone else’s money? Why the fuck do you think you should just take it? #ImmoralOldBastard
No, but your relatives wont have to pay the gov because a loved one died. Death tax is immoral money grab!
WTF listens to this dipstick...he needs to retire...
Who cares? Does that give the government the right to steal?
And....??? So what??
Nahh it'l trickle down because wealthy people love giving away money. Just ask their grounds keeping staff's butlers.
Actually, wealthy people do give more to charity than others.
Let's talk about guns, shall we Mr. Sanders?
It's whatever is convenient to sen. BS
Not about who gets the $ its about who earned it for them and their families. Talk about greed.
You are a complete liar and thief.  A fucking communist 
pls offer ur tax reform plan, not ur resist n obstruction rhetoric. our country needs tax reform for growth, jobs, n prosperity for all. we dont need more taxes, which ur massive spending-socialist agendas will do. we want LESS TAXES. pls help enact tax reform. pls.
That money has already been taxed!
Irrelevant statement. Taxing a grieving family is never ok. Not your money. Hands off.
the death tax must die, its a hindrance to investment n growth, n unfair. ur tax-spend-spend-spend socialist agendas r not good for our country. we want individual freedoms n liberties, LESS TAXES, less govt, free market, innovation, excellence. no to mandates, no to socialism.
Always remember....its liberals money until they determine how much they will allow you to keep
Or put another way, you're in favor of a huge tax on only 0.2% of people in the name of "fairness".
I don't  have an estate! So I wouldn't even received a nickel or penny!
Of course not. I don't deserve a nickel from a stranger's estate any more than the gov't does. Why do you think everyone's money is yours?
When u take from Peter to give to Paul u can depend on Paul's vote
If needed, change the estate tax rules 4 the few farmers & sm bus. that may be hurt by it w language that won't let the rich benefit.
@realDonaldTrump I thought you said the rich won't like your plan. Seems like you have been caught lying. Again. And again. Crook.
Very powerful statement. Please outline the negative impact for the 99.8% to drive it home! @SenSanders
Agreed comrade!  The proletariat anger must be whipped up more so that we can eradicate the Kulaks once and for all!
I did not know that Bernie Sanders had this own show. Rock on :) I'd love to see an interview with some activist ppls from @NationalADAPT
If screaming nonsense into a ham radio="having your own show" then so do lots of other lunatics.
It’s a perfect format for him. The wattage for output is about the same as my hairdryer. 
Bahahahaha
STOP LIEING THESE 5 DEM STATES THAT TAX THEIR PEOPLE TO MAKE UP FOR THEIR FAILED POLICES EXPECT THE OTHER 47STATES TO MAKE IT GOOD FOR THEM
The 99.8% already get to pass 100% of their Assets to their Heirs. If you want it to be more than that, propose a Death Bonus Law.
Funny
What about the simplifying of tax brackets that will take lot of middle class from 28-25 % and others from 25-12%
But of course you wanna talk about the piece that benefits wealthy also is discriminatory and shouldn’t exit
