.@sensanders What exactly did Russia do to interfere in our election?
Attempted hacking of elections offices and state voter rolls. Propoganda campaign. Undisclosed contacts by trump staff with Russians.
I still haven't seen any evidence for those. As far as Trump contacts would be on Trump, not Russians.
I'm firmly against Trump. But I'm fed up with "the Russians did it." Smoke and more smoke does not make fire.
Sorry u dont want to acknowledge facts. They did interfere. Comey confirmed in no uncertain terms.NSA leaks confirmed. We dont know how deep
My opinion has a Baysean shadow. Things you mention are significant but I'm not convinced, yet. Need hard facts.
Agree Trump is an unmitigated disaster. Completely supported Bernie. But Russia story doesn't add up. E.g. Gulf of Tonkin.
What should be the consequences to the United States for all the elections we have interfered with?
That's up to all those sovereign countries to decide, just like we get to decide how to deal with Russia.
Right because countries are going to do anything with the US bully lol. Do as I say not as I do right...
I wouldn't trust any govt to do what's actually right, but I still prefer our interference to Russian interference
I would prefer the US lead by example and not sanction countries for doing the exact same thing the US does.
Reagan's interference in central and South America was pretty bad too, so we have no moral high ground, but....
I'd like to see us figure out how to stop the American public from being manipulated by propaganda and misinformation, domestic or foreign
I agree, there is no reliable news anymore. If people could get reliable news we could go back to being civil and arguing policy not hate.
Except you voted NO on the sanctions.  Your words and actions don't match?.... why?

I believe that these new sanctions against Iran could endanger the very important nuclear agreement. That is not a risk worth taking. 
I saw that one but it still doesn't make sense. Only 2 sens voted no. 2.... their vote was one of principle since it could have no effect
The dude has lost his mind.
I think the bill was originally about sanctions on Iran which he voted against, then it was rewritten to Iran and Russia which he voted for
He voted No. he said he did. He voted no on sanctions against Russia.
There are so many conflicting reports saying Mike Lee & Rand Paul voted no.  https://www.theatlantic.com/news/archive/2017/06/senate-approves-russia-sanctions-that-limit-trumps-power/530382/?utm_source=fbia …
That's the original bill the bill was amended and then he voted against it
I love you Bernie, but you're wrong.  the ones who interfered in our election was the DNC. we're so disappointed you can't speak to that.
I'll second that. He is not infallible and that is perfectly fine with me. It is a mistake on his part, not an agenda.
What a strange public... Do you really think you know more than each of your Senators ? Russian interference is an irrefutable fact.
'irrefutable fact'???  show me the proof.
Flynn case isn't enough ? Celebrating in Russian 'parliament', RT propaganda etc. At the same time USA absolutely don't interfere in Russia.
really?
Are you trying to present me the words of a brazen liar and a dangerous criminal as FACTS ? It's more than laughable.
How is it you could see tru the Iraq war propagandas, but fails to see tru this 1 despite the fact that all the propagandist are the same?
Hypocrites, US interfered in foreign elections. Look at Obama, seen just days before France election, couping with Merckle. Macron' s buddy.
Obama supported opposition to win election in Nigeria against the incumbent because he failed to upheld gay marriage in Nigeria
SHOW ME PROOF!!! 

#ItWasntRussia #NoUnityWithCriminals 
#DemExit
#HellerVoteNo
And u should reconsider being part of the Party whose leaders just use u,but give nothing to your base & do not even support #MedicareForAll
Where's the prove,  I had been following without seeing any.
@PixyPixl Stop, just stop with the Russia stuff- it's not going anywhere.
Bernie, I love you, but when you say things like "It's unacceptable for Russia to interfere in foreign elections" All I can do is laugh 1/2
Thinking about all the elections the US has interfered with. It's ok for us to do, but not for another country. 2/2
my comments on this exactly
Maybe he thinks both countries are wrong? Instead of supporting the behavior by excusing the behavior wgt one country (in this case Russia).
If he thought both were wrong he would have used different language. He is very country specific in this tweet.
"It is unacceptable for Russia..." is very different from "it is unacceptable for anyone..."
Because -->in fact<-- no one does it except Russia. Your accusations against US are ridiculous.
That's just not true. Israel does it to the US all the time. Why do you think that all US candidate make presentation to AIPAC?
Dems saturating the bandwidth w anti-Russian hysteria while ignoring the real people's issues,is political malpractice,don't be part of it
#SellOutSanders Supporter Of WW3 #FuNoBackBoneBernie - Vermont Resident can’t wait to vote against you for selling out! @jimmy_dore
I think you payed the Party dues for this month already,so please no more Russia crap, we heard enough and we think you are overdoing it now
Do U always fall 4 the "dog ate my homework" excuse? Trump won because Clinton was so very bad. Clintoncratic machine robbed you after all.
Yet you did nothing to Killary for interfering in yours. Typical clueless hypocrite.
But its ok for Obama to interfere in Israel and Frances election. Okaayyy then...gotcha Bernie
Bernie WHY? You r wiling 2 snction major NucPowrState had nthing 2do w 2016 elect will only hurt people of Russia not govt #DNCFraudLawsuit
Learn english
#SellOutSanders a true piece of Warmongering  Crap! Can't wait to Bot against you up here in Vermont! @jimmy_dore @timblack
You know quite well Russia didn't do ANYTHING! There's NO PROOF! You're the new CLINTON!!!' 2 bad ur sheep   can't see reality.
Oh! The more you brainwash the idiots that still follow you (last yr I was one of them) the more sorry I am for ever believing in you. Stop!
Берни пора на свалку
Overturn the election and boot Kremlin out of Whitehouse
I agree Bernie!
And if you want to be for a moment again a decent human who tells the truth,not halftruths &crap,tell about US meddling in foreign elections
The way you squandered the enthusiasm of millions for the Dems is tragic. You should be making demands, not parroting this BS.
They'll continue to despise you and exclude you, while your comrades leave the party. You gonna stand up or not?
I'm not hard DemExit, but with this kind of crap coming from progressive leaders, it's hard to make a counterargument.
Coming this summer to an erotic theatre near you, Hard DemExit
LOL! Hard DemExit 2: DeepState
US has interfered in 81 foreign elections, NOT including military coups and regime change efforts.
My country included. Twice that we all know of.
Russian interference is false news. Dissapointing that you fall for it.
True but have we started wondering how the US is going to PREVENT this from happening not just with Russia but anyone else??
Who's going to stop us from interfering in the governments of other countries, while we're at it.
No one, that's a perk of being the most dominant world power.
Yeah it was ok Bernie when Obama interfered in Israel anf France's election. Right?
I was referring to CIA overthrows of governments. Not stating preferences. That's kids stuff
Not to mention invading countries to bring "democracy" to them. Not subtle at all. But leak shady emails? That's an act of war!
I'm not sure I understand the point here. Are you saying it's fair game for us to be hacked by Russia?
the outrage over what has maybe been done to us is disproportionate to the outrage of what we have done to others. american exceptionalism.
Please explain your recent vote on sanction
He supports the Russia sanctions. He doesn't support the additional / changes to the Iran sanctions, b/c they undermine the Obama Iran deal.
And he explained it pretty explicitly for anyone that cared to hear his words
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. Or will we sanction ourselves?
what abou the DNC voter fraud they used to beat you.
We r tired of u playing nice w them in name of"unity",which provides them w "legitimacy"to run their political racket funded by billionaires
who is writing your tweets? Enough with Russiagate! Only the pussyhats are falling for this conspiracy theory.

Well, if you think all of US intelligence is lying.
Sooo why were you and @SenRandPauI the only two senators today who voted against letting Trump lift the sanctions against Russia?
He supports the Russia sanctions. He doesn't support the additional / changes to the Iran sanctions, b/c they undermine the Obama Iran deal.
US Senate votes against blocking weapons sales to Saudi Arabia, which funds ISIS, but in favor of sanctioning Russia, which fights ISIS. 
Russia supports ISIS.
I'm not going to defend Russia but you do know that the US has also funded and backed terrorists. Is it some how worse when they do it?
Yes, Russia's funding of Neo-Nazis and other terrorists is worse.
Cool story bro we know proshenko supportting neo nazis http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-u-s-has-installed-a-neo-nazi-government-in-ukraine/5371554 …
Yeah, "Neo-Nazis", you psychotic Putinbot.
Then why did you vote against it today? You and Rand Paul were the only two. Was it because of the sanctions on Iran as well?

I believe that these new sanctions against Iran could endanger the very important nuclear agreement. That is not a risk worth taking. 
Thank you! was genuinely curious.
That's BS excuse from Bernie. He voted YES for an amendment to add Iran to the bill yesterday and today using the same as excuse to vote NO
Like Iran will stick to any "deal" IMF doesn't control their central bank and they don't want the global rule where we are all debt slaves.
Bernie, please put down the Dems playbook. It's doing nothing but damaging you.
But you voted no today to sanctions along with Rand Paul.  That was 98-2.  Dishonest.
Sir. Meeting you would be the honor of my life. It fills me with hope that a government official still truly cares. You do amazing work.
Feel the Bern! We love him up here in Canada!
#HellerVoteNo
Where is the proof?
Where is the proof? On paper. Lots and lots of paper.
No Proof there 
If "proof" makes you squirm, then call it "abundance of evidence".
You support sanctions against the US for their past meddling in foreign elections? Should there be consequences for the US?
How do you know _for sure_ that Russia interfered in our elections?
How is it that you don't onow?
@SenSanders I thought you were going to help us take our country back from the criminals who hijacked it.Russia is not our enemy. The CIA is
JESUS BERNIE,  STOP SPREADING LIESSSSS!!!!
what about CIA/mi6 election hijinx? pretend our gov is innocent victim corp minion
STOP IT! Not a single piece of hard evidence proving this! Not one! This LIE u call out but not fraud in primary?Sanctions hurt poor! STOP!
Goodbye Bernie.
Anddd where's the evidence Russia interfered with our election? Another delusional accusation by the left & internalized by low info voters
Bernie what is happened to you MK Ultra
thank you Senator Sanders I cannot anyone opposing sanctions against the Russians Putin technically is our enemy
And your evidence, Senator????
Bernie is, like, 99% awesome.  It's when he starts Russia-baiting, I have to ask, WTF, dude?  Why you waste your points fearmongering?
Too bad ur not concerned with the need for consequences when it comes to Dems election interference when they committed #ElectionFraud 
I'd rather see you condemn DNC fraud and how they punked you. That's something unacceptable, for which we have evidence.
Say it ain't so Bernie. Sad to see you jump on the Russia narrative with zero evidence. At least explain yourself
Well I guess you are for sanctions brought upon us as well because we always interfere in other people's elections
Does not end w/  -B
Bernie u r particip wEstab #CoverUp @DNC @HillaryClinton #MSM #Rigged-2016-PrimElect @dncfraudlawsuit
#RussiaNarrative is
#Dangerous/False
u old fart no clue:)
Obama intervened in the French election on the side of Macron after previously ordering CIA to steal parties' plans https://wikileaks.org/cia-france-elections-2012/ …
U"strongly support"sanct
agnstRussia,no matterhow
false narrative? Sanctions
hurt citzens nt govts,bt
you know this. #Shame
#SanctionTheDNC
What does that mean - anti war? or war monger? Don't act like sanctions isn't a big deal. Just like Trump/Obama/Clinton/Bush #NoWar
What does that mean - anti war? or war monger? Don't act like sanctions isn't a big deal. You working for Hillary now?
I among MANY believed in you &  devoted 24/7 to your campaign
So you @SenSanders "strongly support" sanctions agnst Russia for exactly what?
Good question. To go along with dems?
Bernie, Russia Did-NOT interfere
2016 PrimElec #DNC #HRC #MSM D-I-D @HillaryClinton @DNC  @dncfraudlawsuit 
You, America #We-ALL-Know-It
The US stole the Russian 1993 election. All Russia "may" have done is expose the DNC. For Trump>Russia, see the mafia, not @KremlinRussia_E
You'd think @DNC would be grateful #RooshansDidIt, after all they needed a LOT of help w their promise of transparency
Don't forget "leading by our values"  

It's not my country & yet I know @TomPerez speaks bollocks.

Single payer now Tom. Fuck your values.
Cowardly #SheepdogSanders says nothing about well-documented #DNC #ElectionFraud against HIM, plenty of #Russophobia, support for #newHUAC.
Consequences for the USA also--lest you be hypocritical, Bernie.
Thanks Bernie, your awakening the youth to true progressivism is appreciated.But talking about Russia? Even that little bird is disappointed
Didn't you vote no on the sanctions? And to think I had respect for you  ...clown ...
And for the DNC to tamper with domestic elections.
I know you're busy with healthcare tonight. But can we talk electronic vote theft?  It's a thing. And it's why we're here today.
Of course, we've been doing just that for decades. CIA even wrote handbooks on it. So we need to change too.
LOL but killdo, billdo,lynch and a few other can break the law
Russia??? Bernie I love you but Russia
You have my support on most things but not on this one. No, no, no. Russia is not the problem. Do you do this to not offend the DNC? Stop...
et tu, Bernie.....
In the DNC emails they talked about how to sabotage your campaign. Mass election fraud during primaries that hurt u. But yeah it was Russia
If(and we will)do it back to them and viscera how long Mr. Sanders of this game of ww3 chicken will go until one of us gets fed up with it
Sanctions are an act of war. I thought Russia "meddled" in our election by telling Bernie Bros why Hitlary would be a horrible choice. ?
What a propaganda ruse!  We should be balancing we & Russia's interests as favorably as possible and fighting 'with them' against terror.
Yeah, total bummer they helped killary, #amiright #pathetic #SocialismHasNeverWorked
Bernie you're turning against the people that support you with this Russian ghost hunting. Dunno what you're doing, but this looks terrible
Who rigged the primaries? I can't move on til this is explained & Russia didn't do it
Bernie, you are part of the problem.
LOL, you can't be serious.
Bernie Fucking Sanders voted AGAINST RUSSIA SANCTIONS The second person voting against was Rand Paul. Bernie is a RussianTroll
Guys this tweet is from a staffer, not Bernie. All quotes by Bernie end with -B This is irresponsible, and the staffer should be fired.
It's unacceptable that a government would deny it's citizens the right to free trade. Wonder why there is so much economic instability?
So why were you one of only two no votes?
WHAT evidence have you seen that the public hasn't? @BernieSanders Is there compelling evidence which is qualitatively more convincing?
Well @HillaryClinton leaked info to them,,violating security protocols..should be charged for this,,you say nothing about it..WHY BERNIE ??
I agree let's freeze the accounts, in the US, of all those known to medle in other counties elections, including Barock Obama
Oh, let's not forget Obama on the hot mic to let Putin know he could be more flexible after the election!!!!
Didn't u spend your honeymoon is Russia! Let's have a special council investigate you, Pedeso, HRC, Clinton Foundation
Obama spent tax payers $ to interfer in Israel election. USA has been interfering in elections for decades.  U OK with that?
SHOW ME THE PROOF THAT RUSSIA HAD ANYTHING TO DO WITH HILLARY LOSING....YOU CANT BECAUSE THERE IS NONE
Your compliance with this narrative is idiotic. Even IF it was Russia, let's ask why the contents of the documents were damaging.
I'm pretty sure Russia interfering with United States elections was the penalty we were paying for interfering in other elections...
that is not the way you voted!!
So why did you vote "no"?
I can understand Rand Paul (Libertarian) or even Joe Manchin, a constant disappointment, but YOU?
WHO ARE YOU?
Like the Clinton campaign against yours?
I fully support a snap election provided you are on the ballot sir!
Why the 'no' vote then?
2 things must happen to establish guilt. First, indisputable evidence must be presented & the rightful winning candidate should be installed
You strongly support by voting against?

What?
Please stop parroting the Russia Fairytale. Makes it hard to defend you to the haters.
So old man . I'm from USSR and what is socialism  I know inside out . You are just wrong on most of your  ideas . You will not destroy US
What are the consequences if you vote no?
Your actions are at odds with your words.
But America doing it is okay, right?
Please, tell us 1 thing that Russia did to "interfere" in our election. Don't recall ur protests against the 81 we interfered with, either.
#StopArmingTerrorists
I'm ashamed to o have worked so hard for your campaign 
What happened to you sir? You're on the way to be recuperated by neo cons?
PLEASE RT #HisNameWasSethRichNOTRussia https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/appoint-special-prosecutor-investigate-murder-seth-rich-alleged-wikileaks-email-leaker … #SethRich http://sethrich.info    https://twitter.com/KimDotcom/status/868407216419741696 … #DNCfraudLawsuit
Justice for #SethRich > Please sign

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/appoint-special-prosecutor-investigate-murder-seth-rich-alleged-wikileaks-email-leaker … 
#HisNameWasSethRichNOTRussia https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/appoint-special-prosecutor-investigate-murder-seth-rich-alleged-wikileaks-email-leaker …  #SethRich   #DNCfraudLawsuit @JaredBeck @DNCfraudLawsuit
The official Twitter page for the Wilding et al. v. DNC Services Corp. class action, Case No. 16-cv-61511-WJZ (S.D. Fla).
What about when the DNC interferes with elections?
Just DNC blaming Russians for what it did. They r trying 2 make Russia out to be boogie man because Russia wouldn't go along w/their plans.
ugh please shut up.  I trust millenials are smarter than you talk to them.  Your methods wont work In America Bernie.
Bernie I don't know what deal you made but the DNC cheated you.We have the proof.LEAVE THE DEM PARTY before they suck the life out of us.
When will you show us any evidence Russia did anything?  Why do you support terrorists in Syria??  Why do you support regime change???
Sure its ok when USA meddling with the all the other countries of the world
The US has been doing this for decades to other countries. What should our punishment be?
Stop with this shit Bernie...
Sorry Bern but this is bullshit and I wish I could sit down with you and tell you why. You need news from outside the Beltway.
This is what happens when you lie down with Dems. You forget that we interfere with foreign govts like it's our job.
You need to walk away from the Dems and never look back. They corrupt you with their false promises and their distractions.
You need to look at Corbyn and see that he's not lying down with Tories making compromises and bad deals. It's time to break from the Dems.
When you do that, you will return to having enthusiastic support and will not need this slow meaningless path you're taking now.
Don't be afraid. Be the change.
We were on fire this time a year ago, and that was allowed to flame out. It's really tragic. I get angry when I think about it.
I'm sure everyone in the DC bubble believes that the Russian Narrative is selling like hotcakes.
So more sanctions on Russia but none on Iran? Maybe if you made more an issue of Clinton's emails during DNC campaign you'd be president
That's  why you voted against  it, Senator  windbag?
Retire, old man
Bernie. The sanctimonious  purist
Can't have it both ways, windbag
very despicable of the Russians. South Africa will be the next victim because of the nuclear deal
Can't believe you still trust the system that Jacked you in the elections. Let trump take this thing apart
What about Clinton interfering with your election or are you happy now that you have your lake side home?
they have been doing it for 50 years. Tell the sheep the truth.
I should change "doing" to trying! Nothing new here just BS talking points.
So sad to see what long-term marijuana usage does to the human mind. This guy lives as much as the communist dictators of old.
But President Obama interfered in Israeli election. And possibly other countries. Did you tell Obama that it's unacceptable to do this?  No.
Sanders is still my favorite Batman villain.
I understand your thinking but I find it ridiculous to include both sanctions in one vote. Each , Iran and Russia, separate votes please!
Blustering Bernie. His bots will believe  anything that this blowhard  says. Wilfully  ignorant
Well, Senator Bluster, why didn't  you vote for it, windbag?
"Which is why I voted against Russia sanctions."
PROVE IT. Do you even know what sanctions do to children? It's BEYOND your comprehension. Not enough meds for kids and elderly. Just stop.
Where is the proof Bernie? The Russian's weren't in the voting booth with me when I pulled the handle for President Trump!!
Consequences? NO PROOF?  Sanctions which make medications for children harder to get? Just you wait until YOUR children suffer.Think!
Present evidence of Russian interference with the election already, you guys have been calming this for quite some time now......
Then maybe you could explain why you are one of two Senator's that voted no on Russian sanctions. Your lack of action suggests otherwise.
You hypocrite! You rich hypocrite! You want socialism for america and  riches and power for yourself!
They didn't interfere with our election! Stop this propaganda you socialist anti-american ! Go buy your daughter another multi-million$ home
Agreed.

Now apply sanctions against the DNC for interfering with candidate elections

Or the whole US gov for interfering in other nations
So what sanctions did you impose on Obama when he inteferred in other countries elections?
Bern- have you been taking your Lithium? If you want to find election interference look at the DNC
Agreed
Stop blaming Russia and investigate the absurdities of your own, deeply corrupt, government.
USA directly interfere in *all* foreign elections through non-profit foundations and various related agencies. Where are the consequences?
what about putting pressure to sanctioning Americans who colluded with Russia?
Then why were you one of only two senators to vote against sanctions? Your hypocrisy and gasbaggery are apparent.
Why didn't you vote for the sanctions then?
Because they were tied to Iran sanctions, which are very ill advised and would destroy nuclear arms agreement. He got it right.
Then why the hell did you vote against them? What does Putin have on you?
someone put something in Bernies drink when he met with Clinton and locked them in room while starring at each other making strange noises.
Imposing anything on Russia affects all post-soviet countries who are forcibly dependent on Russia, because of its imperialist presence.
If Russia did have anything to do with revealing the truth, which I doubt, we should THANK THEM, not sanction them. Sorry Bernie, but no.
Keep talking Bernie #Trump2020 
that's why he voted against the bill
Maybe you better look at all the countries you allowed Obama to interfere with their elections including France after leaving office.
#HisNameWasSethRich ...not Russia
Specifically what Russian interference in the election?
Your colleagues interfered and need to answer to the senate. ASAP if you are truthful.
It's sad @SenSanders that you go back to political divisive rhetoric when a your supporter killed someone just a days ago & leftists mocked!
more imp, what is being 2 prevent when they try again? Comey warned in no uncertain terms. If our votes don't matter, We the People don't.
I hate to say this Bernie but I think you're losing it.
Oh, that's right.  It's okay if it fits your personal narrative Senator Hypocrite.
I forget, what sanctions did you propose for the Obama administration funneling $$ to Netanyahu opponents to influence Israeli elections?
Who sanctions the CIA for interfering in other countries elections?
Get real we interfere in many countries so  we get what we do the real question is why did Obama allow it
I think the US should get a taste of its own medicine,wouldn't you say?Didn't the government openly interfere in an election in the MidEast?
Oh yeah
But it is acceptable for the Clintons to interfere in other primaries?
He's right!  Saudis Arabia, not Iran is the biggest and richest sponsor of terrorism and Trump just sold them 1.5b in arms. Cud cause war
2). This Trump selling Saudis arms, bad idea.  They hate Iran.  What is Iran thinking about our nuclear deal.  Trump may cause another war.
