I flat out don't believe Bernie on this. It's batshit crazy to oppose tax reform. As if the status quo is acceptable. Reach across the isle.
Yeah, I disagree.
Explain why cutting corporate taxes is so great Pam.
More businesses in America instead of overseas = growth
Manufacturing would still go overseas. If the middle class has more income they spend more. If middle class does well, economy does well.
Trickle down economics just don't work
Trickle down only works if the money goes back into the buisness... Rarely happens because of greed at the 1%
So what DO the greedy do with this money? Hide it under their pillow and take it out of circulation? Where does it go?
Buy a house,Sure..put it in banks,Give it to some politician to decrease taxes for the rich.Its not helping people buy food or things needed
Perhaps the same bank that gave you and I a loan, invests in tech & jobs 4 ppl. NEVER does it EVER get removed from circulation. Get real.
The people who can afford to pay.. Always complain they are paying too much. And the poor are who always suffer
Because someone has money doesnt mean others can't. They print more. You're confusing real life with a Disney movie.
do u think the 1% just give money out.they don't line there pockets 1st?Thats what they do make $$.They more they have less anyone else does
Hey Bernie, how you like that sports car you got from Hillary? Still worth it?
He got a new house too. And his wife made a little side money as well. And the ruling class gets a pass on laws broken.  Ain't America great
So Bernie is not allowed to buy a new house????  Should he live in a tent?  But it's ok for trump to live in a gilded condo?
The allegation is the Hillary bought Sander's support. From the hacked emails it looks like the DNC rigged primaries. What do you believe?
I believe Bernie was a Democrat for five minutes, Hillary a Dem her entire adult life.  Dems owed the nomination to the lifelong DEMOCRAT
No one owed her anything.! It was the ppls right in the DEM's party to choose the candidate, they wanted to run for them & represent them.
And they did
Yes, why DID you vote for Trump? I'm curious.
Islam has been in America for almost as long as we have been America.
It is possible it could have melted into the way of life in America. Perhaps it did not because of racism. Do you plan to live on the moon?
Yes, Allahu Akbar!! If the moon landing was mankinds greatest achievement, it was only through the will of Allah.
And it never leads to jobs.  Never has, never will.
If they are right tie their taxes to job creation and wage scales. If they have no motivation to hire they won't.
Not when they can fire 1 person and make another do the work of 2 people instead.
Been there, done that.
...Says the man who's NEVER had a job, a blister or an economics class. Provide data.
AT&T (Using Loopholes) paid less than 8% in Taxes (@ 35% tax rate) & CUT 80,000 JOBS! CEO makes OVER 13 Mill per Year! That’s Absolutely Outrageous!!! With Trump’s Tax Plan of cutting Corporate Taxes to 20% how much will AT&T pay using LOOPHOLES!
Wow!! What an intelligent comeback.
Why thank you.
Fake news as usual
There is no empty apartments no empty RV parks no empty hotel rooms contractors contractors jobs jobs jobs
So I can tell you this there are jobs jobs jobs All Over Texas got any doubt look for yourself
They talk and they talk and they talk but they don't talk about the truth communist Democratic party runs this country now Obama's Islamic
Nobody seems to want to tell the truth Obama and Hillary Clinton set out to destroy this country
I watch the city of Syracuse New York I have such high corporate tax rate companies have left that state because of it
So it puts the burden in the same place it has been for 50+ years? It's almost like politicians are still making false promises.
And you would know this exactly how you've never been ceo  your living off the taxpayers basically you're on entitlements
Be having a rude awakening if that ever gets passed.
Yeah right tax cuts for the wealthy is going to work for us please don't make me laugh well the people that voted for him
I couldn't agree more. I also feel that many LG Corps are in violation of monopoly laws, corps like Universal & Clear Channel
Yes. Reject the lie.
Why cut taxes when he CEO's are billionaires, have 2 or 4 houses and the company is worth billions. What a rich man's plan. @realDonaldTrump
How can these people be so self centered and greedy??  I am changing my phone carrier today !!
Why is it impossible to convince Republican voters that visible, well documented proof that the Republican mantra is a lie?
Kennedy did it, Reagan and Bush did it.Christopher created a new economy for middle-class and helped America.
Bernie..I love you..but for future reference..the only time I want to see SteveMnuchin's face on my TL is if it's being hit w/a shovel.
You lost, go away.
The CEO's and the companies are what make jobs. You just want to take what the had working people (middle class) and give it to the lazy.
Bernie is right as rain.
Corporations pay zero in taxes. Corporations pay taxes in other countries.President Trump is raising taxes on corporations from zero to 15%.
That is not true
Yep.
#Kansas is the perfect experiment what #TrickledownEconomics does. It ruins the #economy. Ask Gov #Brownback.
Were you around during the Regan era & Trickle Down Economics? Did any money trickle down to you? It won't this time either b/c of GREED.
Trickle this bunky!
Bernie you really need to go back to schools and study Econ 101. Never met a poor person who is hiring
Current taxes on corporations creates jobs and reinvestment something you know nothing about
Another lie created by socialists
Feel free to refute it with facts. I'll wait.
You first... you put it out there... And if you're citing Bernie Sanders, I'll keep waiting until you come up with something not crazy
Cutting taxes will allow big corporations to invest in robotics which will only reduce jobs. See a real ob plan at: http://BarryForUSSenate.com 
Small business create jobs and they need access to capital. I have a plan to do just that. Cheek out m website at: http://BarryForUSSenate.com 
Actually raising taxes on corporations gives an incentive to send jobs offshore.
Tax reform is good for all. Bernie is flat out uneducated on tax reform.
Ron Reagan started this downward spiral of wages, union busting & lie of trickle down economics. When does it stop? At paying 1% of profits?
You do realize there is a "tax reform" proposal due about now? If we give the rich a tax cut, how do we rebuild?
Well, fuck Puerto Rico then! And Bernie, with his own self-aggrandizing dick. And you, in your 2-party one-dog political system ass. Fuckit!
Twitter really brings out the best in people.
It seem like you always forget about the Ma and Pa shops this tax code might help them out help out local business and employ locally.
we should all strike if it happens, strike with the NFL, Republicans tearing US apart.
Cutting taxes 4 the rich? Ehh hell no, rich should be taxed way higher as skipping out paying taxes is way bad!! Donald #paymore!!!
Truth
It does create jobs morons. Jeeeeez you people will say anything and claim it as fact
Kansas. It didn't work here in the GOP guinea pig state, because trickle down economics does not work.
Burny. You're a millionaire. Don't talk about the middle class you've never lived that life
Tax Reform, starts at bottom.  Middle class defined by 50% of pop earn 50K or less. Those ppl will get first 12K-24K free, huge 4 poorer Amr
You're a good politician (and that's not a compliment), but you sure aren't a practical economist and businessman.  You're dead wrong.
Consumer spending is ~72% of the economy, gvmt is ~23%. Doesn't leave much for the corporations. Consumers Are The Job Creators.
Mr Sanders your readers know this find a way to reach those that watch  and don’t bother to read friendly Canadian:)
I totally agree with the comments that both parties are all about the 1%. It's time to start a third party!
Don't steal other people's property. If you can't solve problems peacefully, you need to leave the problem solving to better people.
The government doesn't create jobs either! Read Bastiat's writings sometime. It'll all make sense.
This proves you either are a liar or are just to economically illiterate to understand how businesses grow and how jobs are created
Must read
Arthur Laffer can blow me.
Bernie. We can agree on one thing. You're whining has made you a millionaire.
we heard this from Reagan's Trickle Down, ended up being a tsunami of wealth gushing upward to the 1%, NO boats floating alongside b/c sank
He is trying to drive down corporate costs to improve earnings, under pressure in the current period, given shrinking markets in the West.
Bernie is right. the gop is wrong, always has been. trickle-down, what horse-shit.
Lies, all lies!
We are in essentially a full employment environment. Lowering taxes will NOT create more job opportunities, OR serve to increase salaries.
Wake up, folks! There's no guarantee fr Big Biz that they will create jobs if their taxes R slashed! They R lying, thieving, greedy SOBs!
Please @potus, we have been born yesterday but it was not last night.
CEOs aren't the only ones lying about it.  Listen to the pugs--they think tax cuts for the rich will trickle down- thought this for 30+ yrs.
Shhhhh! Don't let the baseless in on this! They can't handle the truth. They think they're poor because Obama is black & Hillary is a woman.
I work for a large corporation in a technical Field and I haven't seen any raise over the last few years, yet I have had 3 new duties added
CEOs are rich enough!!   Thank you, Bernie, for continuing to speak truth and integrity.
Democrats make it a part of the law that those savings  have to be used to create so many high paying jobsb in America
He needs to incorporate clauses where if those jobs aren't created you pay the normal tax rate, no one is going to just add jobs without it
Yes! Great video!
How bout making companies stronger so they can do more business and hire more people? Am I missing something here? Rich isn't evil. Damn.
Take a look at Kansas when Brownback cut taxes. It will takes years to come out of this mess. He's just following what Ks. did and failed
Gee, your economic illiteracy really does know no bounds does it? I guess economics aren't important when you base all policies on feelings
It's ok just as the 29 crash created a situation where the Liberals took back their country. So too will this generation after the mismanagement of the current Administration.
This applies to UK too
Too right it does @karenmeehan44
If only you hadn't attacked our party & candidate for over a year maybe we wouldn't be in this mess. Oh, and where are YOUR tax returns?
Guess you should’ve tried harder to support HRC during election.¯\_(ツ)_/¯
The reason Donald Trump became president is to help the 1% become richer and the poor to become poor I hope you all understand this
it won't create jobs, it will just put more money the the pockets of the filthy rich and create more poor, homeless, uninsured AMERICANS!
Not true it helps bring jobs back from over seas that you democrats let leave.. I thought you was for the people and for the union workers.
Interesting.  You like following Europe on healthcare, why not on corporate taxes?  You're a taxoholic.
Bernie, you would be happy if the government took everyone's income then doled out food, healthcare, college, food saying "free everything"
Of course liberals don't need a LAW to coerce them to do the right thing, right?
If wealthy liberals get to keep more if their money the can donate to the IRS here. 
https://www.fiscal.treasury.gov/fsfaq/faq_gifts_to_govt.htm …
Rich people will always have rhe money to hire tax lawers and accountants to help them avoid paying taxes.
Rich people don't hide their money in their mattresses. It makes more money when they invest in a small business like mine. It trickles down
We need caps on CEO pay....most ppl don't have attorneys to negotiate THEIR pay!
Some of need to get your heads back in the sunshine.

Let Mr Sekulow know how you feel on his Twitter poll.
Are you in favor of the President’s new #TaxReform? #JayLive
She is 100% wrong. Fake News much?
The onus falls on those that make the wealthy richer to keep the infrastructure good so they can make more money.
Trickle down economics never works - they just take the money. Republicans love it. Blue money back into economy works.
I was not aware that there was still a middle class in America, I thought that Greedy Grinchy Uncle Sam put an end to that.
I'm a CEO and if I could cut Corp Tax by 25% id definitly hire a few more employees. Liberals don't manufacture anything they wouldnt know.
More of Bernies BS!  More of Bernies Big Lies!
My employees depend on me, I depend on my rich customers, my rich landlord, and my big corp suppliers. Trickle down is fact of life.
That's not true
Trump doesn't understand general economics
It means corporations will have more money to pump into private lobbyist to push their agendas and influence  politics for their benefits
The only thing that creates jobs is a demand for goods and services. Further Enrichment of the wealthy does not accomplish this.
This must be repeated over and over and over again. The republicans have repeated the lie for so long and so many times people believe it.
Only cut taxes on corporations agreeing to a certain ratio (pre-determined & carefully monitored) CEO to workers wages
CLA$$ WARFARE enveloped in RACI$M w/ a side of I DON'T GIVE A FUCK & a dab of RUSSIAN dressing
Sounds like EARLY BIRD SPECIAL at Mar-a-lago
It has been proven time and again to work. Please stop with the propaganda.
Boy these people are dumb.
You know what crates jobs? Demand. Economic 101 really.
If CEO's are paying taxes then they do not have very good accountants to maximize their deductions. Most pay no taxes as it is now.
Corporate taxes are regressive. They get passed onto consumer like any other cost of business. Cut rate and loopholes.
Hear Hear, Too right it does. @SenSanders
Does over taxing corporations drive them overseas?  Yes.  Please be quiet.
Your wrong as usual.
Yes Bernie you are right sir them assholes get em
Like you know anything about getting a job.
The GOP has been selling 'trickle down ' for longer than I've been alive-middle class wages have been stagnant for at least as long.
Sadly so have the Dems. So have the Con/Lib tag team in Cda. Two bad choices is no choice.
Put more money in the hands of the people who need it and will spend it to spur economy!
In the UK the right wing government has cut corporation tax since 2010 and more than doubled the national debt
Re: tax cuts.  If this is done, how will this affect the deficient and the revenue needed to support the government?
@SHONPISTOLL https://twitter.com/dmgcricket/status/913538367362445312 …
I agree. However what of small and medium corporations? Your corporate tax is higher than Canada's by something like 20%.
@janeosanders make a 200k salary from a 75 -100 person college raised tuition we don’t need another failed sanders president lol
GOP has been repeating this lie for years!. Never enough for the greedy Bastards!
Not all corporations are "huge" Bernie. 99% aren't. Small businesses pay the corporate taxes.
It's supply and demand not how much the boss makes,This is Reagan all over again , don't we have enough fastfood joints & now dollar stores?
You mean the CEO's and board members of all the major corporations won't compensate their employee's who actually get the work done!?
#TrickleDownEconomics
Never works.
BUT:When WORKERS get TaxCuts
Money goes directly 2 #Econ
Circulating $$
CEOs put $$ OverSea Bank etc
True
I really don't understand how conservative voters believe this BS.
You will not get rid of greed, you fools, greed is what powers every nation around the world if you actually stop to think about it
You found just the opposite because you looked for it out the ones that don't value their employees, excluding the good ones, you are blind
They're expecting bosses to give more to employees rather pocketing the money  themselves? Not gonna happen.
Doesn't history mean anything?  Remember Reagan's trickle down economics? It didn't work! Rich got richer; middle class got squeezed.


Put Bernie stamp and give incentive to hire citizens and invested in USA. Don't just obstruct make it work for little guy.
Trillions of $$$ in cash reserves already. How much more do they need to create jobs? Insatiability is not Christian.
Climate controlled disasters create jobs. Devastate people's lives so that it can be said in a year from now "employment up, jobs up. LIES.
Charlie Gard.
We've been down this road and it is a dead end. Don't buy what the foxes R selling. Bad ideas lead to bad ends.
Since we know taxing these JOB creation corporation made them move overseas SORRY Bernie it brings our JOBS back..
Says the working class
Never listen to a Democrat when it comes to building or growing a business. They know squat. Sanders is proof of that.
RAISING taxes doesn't create jobs.  It makes no one richer and destroys the middle class.
Says the clueless socialist. If you have money, you can expand your business, pay your suppliers, and give raises.
That's a lie-pure and simple-history is history-worked for JFK and Regan-one a democrat one a republican-more money out of DC creates jobs
so wrong , don't know much abt economics do u
A clear example of failing to understand how economies work. This is why leftist should never be in power. Ever.
Maybe the government could stop spending sooo much money and stop putting the burden on the middle class and all the classes.
But how? 99% of citizens are marginalized, and GOP is in charge of all cards now.
Yes I so agree! We've been giving & giving too much credit to corp.'s & never seeing anything in return! Enough's Enough!!!!
#TrumpIsSouthAfrican #NewBirthers
Just like it did in the 80s which trump loves. When he talks about the going back to the good old days that was the time. And we got screwed
The 80s r when they started shipping our jobs overseas
“They”=large corporations that continue to break the will of the middle class. Sell cheap goods at record profits while we have 0 jobs.
thanks
Car to comment @IBM ?
If Republicans send you a check like Bush did, you know a crash is coming. R's are the worst of 2 parties with our money. Audit the Pentagon
This Republican lie is decades old. All it does is tank the economy. Same old tired record.

They create jobs.
I would rather my company have more money to invest in our expansion and workers than giving it to our wasteful government
WRONG why do you lie? And why do you pretend to NOT be a millionaire yourself?  You are a hypocrite.
Remember the 80s Bernie....pretty good weren't they
Republicans cram "trickle down" b.s. into law even though it's been proven a LIE. It HURTS all poor Americans and REPUBLICANS DON'T CARE!
Real talk

Which mansion are you tweeting from today?  But hey you did you part being a life-long politician and nothing else.  #ScammingBernie

Greater equality benefits everyone. It's called The Equality Effect. Read Danny Dorling in this month's magazine http://newint.org/features/2017/07/01/equality-effect … 
Economic growth more likely when wealth distributed to poor instead of rich https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jun/04/better-economic-growth-when-wealth-distributed-to-poor-instead-of-rich?CMP=share_btn_tw … @guardian #equality #Prosperity
https://www.google.com/search?q=mosler+7+deadly+innocent+frauds&oq=mosler+7+&aqs=chrome.1.69i57j35i39.4845j0j7&client=ms-android-verizon&sourceid=chrome-mobile&ie=UTF-8#xxri=7 …
bernie you are a broken record. shut up already.
The swamp is overflowing.
How does cutting taxes on huge corporations put a "bigger burden on the middle class" automatically?
I doubt if there's a major corporation in existence that pays more than 10%. Mini 0%.
This kind of a tax cut could only generate more jobs if its was a precondition to get the cut
So trickle down economics really works? 1987 41 billionaires, apply trickle down economics, 2017 over two thousand and where are the jobs?
Corporations learned how to cut jobs between 2008 and 2013 when the economy turned around. Did they add back workers, not! How about the $
Fuck the Gop
Holy hell, I can’t believe I’m agreeing with you Bernie. All more profits have led to in corp America is excessive exec compensation.
It’s obvious you have no clue when it comes to business; you only know how to take from others
The CEOs wouldn’t pass the extra income to their employees. What it’ll do is give the CEOs another yacht on their new beachfront property
Remember 2007/2008 when the bubble burst due to tax cuts & deregulation. The republicans are at it again. Wake-up America or file bankruptcy

and they use that $ to buy our reps, outsource more jobs+plants, take more vacations...we aren't even a glimmer in their eyes
But cutting taxes on small business does make sense. We need stack the deck so small businesses can get a head start and employ people!
Small businesses can't employ more if demand is lacking, demand is driven by money in lower/middle-class pockets. SMB CEOs r not different.
It is now clear that nothing corrupts like wealth and strips you of basic compassion.
You, sir, a socialist stooge.
Bollocks numb skull.
Corporate tax cut goes to politicians, subside to big oil companies , bailout to Goldman , to sponsor war crimes etc, look who got benighted
Reject Trump/Corporate lies and change the debate. Pay ordinary people a living wage, they will spend and create the jobs.
Yup!
They just stuff their dollars deeper in their pockets.
