He wants single payer
#BankFraudBernie  voted against Single Payer and for Russia & North Korea on July 27, 2017.  That's a fact!
Context? like when Bernie Panders kept lying about Hillary AFTER she was nominee @Jon4Vermont @dechaannelle @Defend_Reality
Didn't he eventually ask for his supporters to vote for her. All candidates lie about each other
Bernie Slanders half heartedly endorsed Hillary AFTER smearin her for YEARS.  @SidSeven777 @Jon4Vermont @Defend_Reality
They were competing. Hillary talked shit about Obama, I don't see y'all in her mentions mad that she attacked him. That's how it works
Precisely! Obamacare has affected so many people...led them to bankruptcy and unaffordable care
And I've based getting my meds off same,  sucks being poor lol....
But healthcare costs should be based on your overall health-healthier pay less-that's an incentive to take care of yourself
Or just have single universal insurance,  what's so wrong with it?
Univ care is not possible with our enormous population-it works in smaller countries-that's where states can control costs for residents
Issuance companies and regulations control costs.  
Then you allow ins to be the healthcare provider not the prescriber-I deal with it every day-big Pharma plays a role too in ridiculous costs
Its not hard to set prices lol, theyve pretty much done it,  you're making this sound so much harder than it is. It would be Medicad for all
16,000,000 people will now have the freedom to choose. Communist tyrants like you don't like that, Bern. The sane among us say: Too Bad!!
And people who're sick won't have the right to live. Health care is a universal right. Not associated with communism
It's morally repugnant to steal treatment from a family who worked to achieve the ability to pay to give to another that did not. It's theft
So a child from a rich family deserves to live but one from a poor family doesn't?
This country is abt equal opportunity not equal outcomes. By that logic families with no cars should be able to steal 1 from a family with 2
That's not a bad idea but completely defers from my point. Nobody, especially not children, should be deferred from proper treatment
It is same thing, economics still apply to HC. Why didn't Obama instead push 4 reform for child preexist cond exception? They seek socialism
This is so shameful! He doesn't care about human beings, especially those of us who are suffering, ill, are on Medicaid and poor.I'll die.
How much of that are illegal immigrants?
Agreed. Stop trump.
They offered you Single Payer and few if any Democrats didn't vote. This is just Obstruction ! I don't want single payer Stop whining !
Looks like you're following all the GOP players Bernie maybe your supporters should take a look at your followers list. Come on Berners!!!
Where's the Senate single-payer bill? @RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley  Where's the Cali single-payer bill @JerryBrownGov @Rendon63rd
I pay ur salary so be kind to the working rich
Did that happen when u took money from Medicare to pay for Obamacare?
Damn I'd love it if it was only 20 under obama mine was at least24 to 27 %
Listen, you are a hipocrit! You don't live like a true socialist. You talk the talk but never walk the walk. Also hiding yr Jewish heritage
Please get eve news tape McConnell saying, "I'm going 2 make it my business 2 C Obama is 1 X president He never get bill through Congress."
Old Moran,go fishing 
America needs price caps on the medical field.  Health care is a American Citizens right.
Thank  you Bernie.
Earlier Today a husband of a pain patient shot wife's doctor for not treating her. He then killed himself. #TheFearGOPhasCreated
Where was this?? How tragic! He
Mishawaka Indiana.
Did you just vote against sanctions on Russia? Explain?
He did.
They think we're too blind to see. For Trump supporters, ignorance is bliss!
You're a hypocrite and fraud, you gleefully voted obamacare in which tripled premiums and force tens of millions to forfeit care.
I see a change in ur BS numbers inconsistent like a progressive! Lick the finger & stick it in the air ! Which way today w my lies !!!
It blows my mind that not all Americans have access to healthcare, and the ones that do have all these hoops they have to go through
Yes, Bernie. How is Obamacare working when I now have to pay $78.60 for an office visit instead of a $20 co-pay like I had before?
Especially when you remember that the Feds pay for much or all of development costs for most new drugs...
Are they trying to reduce the surplus population?
Y didn't u complain when this happened with Obamacare u hypocrite ur wife is crooked n u r 2
Working a Dems fair booth and guy tells of being denied agent orange treatment. Please support that bill. Pretty sure he didnt get it in WI.
After Obamacare did that and its first years you ought to be able to answer your own question
I thought you liked the ACA burn ?
Hey bernie, when are the DEMOCRATS going to help fix THEIR screw up???
I was so scared for my family
Whats the deal now Bernie? Are you psychic? More partisan . Let capitalism work not socialism.
The majority of them never wanted it in the first place and taking away gov from healthcare would decrease prices for healthcare
Do those who support this bill have any empathy for fellow citizens that need health care?
Remember when businessmen complain about taxes and healthcare, that their aggregate gross income comes from our purchases and our labors.
How many did u throw off when u passed Obamacare? It was sold to the American people based on lies. Who will trust democrats with healthcare
Certainly not improving their voter database. One possible silver lining. We, the People won't forget being forgotten.
My premiums for my family have raised from $407 to $1774 in the past 4 years--with less coverage & options.
Trump lied when he said that Obamacare insurances were leaving the marketplace, that's not true. Obamacare needs just to keep funding it.
The government needs to continue funding the Obamacare insurances to continue helping the poor.
We need the Obamacare taxes to tax the rich so Obamacare insurances can treat the needy, so Obamacare can stay alive.
@SenSanders everything should be free! Health care, college, car insurance, clothes, heck, I need food to live...Should be free!
That's Obama's plan
Politicians like you are what is killing healthcare. Everything you touch breaks!
Ask Obama
Great question!
Obamacare made my premiums go up 150% and made my deductible go up 1,554% percent. Yes. Over a thousand percent.
You're lying to people Bernie.Most of that 16 million number is an estimation of how many people will choose to discontinue having Obamacare
Have you been living under a rock? 20% increase is an IMPROVEMENT over what Obamacare has wrought. Universal coverage via IRS extortion?
Crooks run in the Family and Political Parties.
We have everyone covered in canada as you know and they don't think we have a good system
I do not know they would be helping We the People, But those same pols would be helping their bank accounts.
You all made a chicken wire canoe and expect us to use it while you hang out on a yacht.

They (GOP) are discussing what size -color band aid to place on cancer - Single payer is the only cure for Healthcare
Bernie Obamacare insured 10 million and raised premiums 100 percent.  Are you delusional or just good at lying. Fraud
This is directed at the DNC, right?
It's bipartisan
I don't know!  Why did you support the ACA?
AMERICAis aCapitalistic country in order to count withSOCIALIST kind of answer for an universal health system must confront theSYSTEM itself
Because this egomaniac wants his name on everything and doesn't care about Americans and only about trashing people that don't agree w him!
Thanks a lot Obama
Ask @BarackObama about that Mr. Magoo.
Veneuzuala
GO TO VENEZEULA
I heard that if you get a job, most employers offer healthcare coverage.  Maybe not flopping whoppers, but real jobs do.
I am not in America 
...or shall we say, IMPROVING it for WHO?
Under the Obamacare exchanges, many people are already paying higher premiums. In parts of Arizona premiums went up over 100%.
How are you stooging for insurance companies that dump us when we're old and unprofitable?
Obamacare premiums increased 77% in 2 years in Pennsylvania. 50% of the counties have a "choice" of one health ins provider. ACA has failed
Bull their are people now that cannot afford to go be seen by drs because of high deductibles.
If Obamacare is so great why is Congress exempt? What are you afraid of? So your socialist crap is good for peons but not you, Prince Bern?
@BernieSanders & @TheDemocrats think they are in the communist Politburo instead of Congress. Drop the congressional exemption hypocrites
President Trump is a dictator when Republican Party stop supporting dictatorship that is the example of the Russian president Putin
This man should have been president
Mine went up 150%.
Just give the American people the same coverage as the members of congress gave themselves and problem solved!
You can't avoid these problems as long as private insurance companies are determining rates by including salaries in "expenses" (CEOs)
But Obamacare will drop 28 mil & the rates have already tripled AND theyre going up again in January according to the same people.#stoplying
WRONG
They make triage less crowded for those who can pay and low income families are hung out to die so to speak.

Sanctions affect the poorest people. Shame on you!
Premiums rose 20% a year under Obamacare. I know. I paid them.
Is Sanders on same plan as he voted for??
Says the man who voted NO on the Senate Russian sanctions bill.
Really!  What do yo think is happing now?  Who the hell can afford this OBC.  It is total crap!   How's your health care?
How are you improving insurance when Obamacare raises premiums more than 100%??
Wait, are you talking about the ACA or the Republican plan?
U lie no is get thrown off nothing
OK Bernie, now start defending the natural death of Obamacare...
How are you improving the quality of life of the less fortunate by giving them everything for nothing? All you create is more open hands!
My premiums have gone up 47% from Obamacare. Do you care? No.
You do realize you're talking about Obamacare, don't you?
Because that action at least gives people an opt out from being driven into perpetual poverty from premiums copays deductibles when sick.
Repeal all federal laws that regulate healthcare and health insurance and you would see a huge drop in premiums.
No you won't... please look up the term "inelastic demand".
If there is not a growing demand for cheaper health insurance then why are we wasting time trying to make it cheaper and more affordable??
My husband couldn't afford healthcare this past year due to the yearly increases!
Why is one tweet 22mill then 10mill then 16mill.. do you have any clue what you're talking about?
Eventually, the weak and poor will die. But those people don't matter to some..
Hey you 16 million people, we are no longer going to throw you off insurance...we are going to continue to force you to buy insurance.
The premium hikes were from your party....
We are trying to fix that.
Go enjoy your free health care and your great social security plan
Every time you speak you quote a different number that will be thrown off healthcare. You can't keep your lie straight.
Yes, forcing young Americans to subsidize the healthcare of the old is so much better!
How are you improving health care by equating it with health insurance?
Met de VVD gaan we ook die kant op!
I know, right?  ObamaCare sounds really awful when you put it like that.
Arent the premiums with the current plan increasing 50% every year?!?
Quit #lying @SenSanders ..alot of lazy asses milking the system
Perry(sitting home playing video games,dont work)gets to go to the doctor,My husband needs dr.But has to go towork topay for perrys dr visit
Ol lady down the road selling her opiods that medicaid/Medicare paid for
Here in #Michigan snap card holders (some) received 3,000 on the card and is/was selling them..100.00 cash get ya 200.00 food card
Not all would be lost, ALOT OF MEDICAID AND FOOD PROGRAM FRAUD
Lying Bernie just keeps lying.
I love President Trump.
Thank you for hanging in there@SenSanders !
let ocare implode.. then you own it more..
I wish 20% was the only increase..try almost doubled for 93 million..you just cant tell the truth
16 million isn't on ocare.. stop exaggerating..
Good questions. Pretty sure premiums rose even more then that in 2008. Let's not talk about that though.
What are you talking about. My insurance has gone up 20% every year the past 4 years. What a joke
Take a good look at what happened in California Bernie. Your fellow Democrats whom you caucus with are against single payer! Third party now
Medicaid is not health insurance, numbskull.
Bernie, your not talking about the increases coming with Obamacare. You are a hypocrite!!!
How can congress improve health care? By putting themselves on the same system we have to live by. Elitist jerks. ACA for congress 
Y aren't you passing laws to eliminate TV ads for pharma give them tax deduction to donate that money to start universal health care
Tobacco was forbidden to advertise on TV pharma is destroying America health care by exorbitant prices I can't buy their products anyhow
How are you voting no to sanctions against Russia, a proven enemy of this country! SHAM! SHAM! SHAM!
Y aren't you going after the root cause of ACA failure insurance companies and pharmaceuticals?
Your ACA threw millions off healthcare , lost our doctors and steals our extra money to feed Wallstreet fat cats.
Who raises prepis that's rich !! Your party is the king of raised premiums huge deductibles and little choice
Lies
#MedicareForAll takes it away from big ins, big profits from suffering, makes tax dollars work 4 "We, the People. Solves all ins. problems
And how are you improving it.  Standing in line for hours to maybe see a nurse?
Only 20%?????  Less than O-Care.....  Sign me up!!!!!!!!!  @SenSanders

Let Obamacare fail and see what happens... both sides have to work together
Take the 1 BILLION for the wall and help the people with health care costs.
Unwanted? The GOP got him outta his sickbed and flew him across country specifically for this 'bill.' He was wanted.
Why did u vote against the Russian Sanctions?
Thank you Bernie Sanders... you and others are helping America stay The great country it is!!
You bankrupted your own college. You would bankrupt the healthcare system, too. Single payer would make it explode. It's already exploding!
So Bernie how many houses do you have and do you think your wife will go to jail?
. @SenSanders Never forget! Flush the #GOP out of the Senate and House and everywhere from now on!
12 million and most wouldn't have bought it if they weren't mandated to have it.
Our premiums have already tripled during the Obamacare. U just want to peel off the middle class even more with your BS plan. U don't fix it
We can't afford health insurance, largely because we pay 6k+ in taxes a year. More than 1/2 our yearly income....thankful for Medicaid
How was my healthcare improved by Obamacare with a 400% increase in premiums with deductibles up 1500%? You vote for that Bernie?
Amen, Bernie.
Ask Obama you fraud!
How about government get their corrupt hands out oh health care
This is nauseating
What if they can't pay for it anyway bernie...
And 4.000 dollar own risk. Some people have double job's to pay of credit for healt. And you?
Right????? I have subsidized insurance (from a big bank) and my premiums and coinsurance THROUGH THE ROOF!!!! How is this possible?
Wait
Democrats keep lowering the number
Was 30 million a couple months ago
20 M last week
Now 16M
What's the true number?
My premium is $16000 a year for silver plan with a $7500pp & 12500 family debuctibles. What the hell are going to do for me & folks like me
Take your old butt to Russia
Thank you for standing up for America. It's a tireless & thankless job - it's appreciated. USA needs more Senators like you.
You mean the 16 million ppl forced to go on it? It's time for you and all Liar Senators to get on Obamacare since you think it's so great!
Because I'm tired of paying for everybody else
Trump's fake repeal 
I, for one, refused to be ON health insurance, which is a Ponzi scheme, corrupting the practice of medicine.I am not "thrown".
So u finally read aca about time Bernie
No he admired Chavez, Fidel, Nikita, Raul, Maduro and all the crapulous communists leaders in this world.
Thanks God he did not win
Como viejo hispano, mi respeto y admiración por su trabajo, constancia y futuro por un Mundo distinto. Su utopía nos identifica. Thank you
+1
Bottom feeder Bernie Sanders rather see one hundred million unable to pay than finding a way to provide better insurance for sixteen million
You sound like a broken record, an old broken record.
Bernie speaks the truth. Those who are in favor already have a Healthcare plan from work, spouse or wealth.No worry for them is there?
Why don't you write a check from your personal funds to the people whose premiums & deductibles skyrocketed because of YOUR health care bill
You mean not unlike ObamaCare?
Price has gone through roof now.  People cannot afford it and insurance companies are leaving states.  What do you people not get about that
The same way Obama did... by MANDATING THAT EVERYONE HAS HEALTH CARE.
