I'm kinda dealing with it. I'm actually not surprised given the Iranian sanctions. Trump will attack that deal b/c it's part Obama's legacy
Stein was also a bit of a nut job to think she could win 60+ million votes.
Stein is an opportunist.  For the sake of the republic, she should have sent her supporters to HRC.  Bernie set the right example there
Well, it's been illuminating.  There was something about her that never felt right.  Shady as all hell, disingenuous
I find it extremely interesting that the 2 wackos in the Senate agree against the other 98 Senators... Hmmmm the other 98 are all wrong??
Who aggreed for the Iraq war? Hummm they most of been all right then?
Link us to ANY vote "agreeing to the Iraq War"... 
Hint it never happened...!! 
Facts those pesky little things...!!

Giving the Prez the "AUMF" was not a vote to go to war. I merely authorized Bush to eval & decide w/o going back to Congress... NEXT!!
Obviously the article didn't have enough pictures for you
Read the AUMF & point out where it approves WAR with Iraq 
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/107/sjres23/text …
She approved the Iraq war and Obama used it against her...sorry.
Right.... wink wink.   U got some rubles too huh?
Yeah, totally, the fucking only demsoc in congress is pulling an elaborate Machiavellian ruse for his own benefit. Makes sense.
Please provide another explanation for his refusal to vote yes to codify the Russian Sanctions?   I'll wait.
did you read Bernie's statement?
Of course I did.  U don't find it odd? To deny codifying Russia sanctions over Iran?  Does that make sense to you?  Russia meddled in our
Elections.  Let it go?... for Iran?!   Come on.  He could have written an amendment or tried to get the language changed about Iran.
He didn't.  He voted no.  Didn't he get/buy a nice new house after the elections.  Wasn't Mrs Sanders being investigated for embezzlement
Funny... weird.
They don't call US great Saten and shout "death to America"  or point guns to  marines .why are you with them ?
They are a minority who shout "Death" not Iranians all. You should study more about Iran. The other solution is War!
Sorry, Bernie. Disagree. Actions have repercussions and Russia deserves ample punishment.
The hacks exposed the reality: the primaries were rigged, the DNC is corrupted and people will have their day in court. @dncfraudlawsuit
Just once, could you say something positive about something someone else did? YOU are the problem in the US. You lead followers to violence!
no way is sanders responsible for violence
if his followers are violent that is on them
So Trump isn't responsible for the tone/rhetoric of his campaign + admin that has lead to violence as a result?????
What has Bernie ever said to encourage violence?I remember a Hill supp assaulting a women at a caucus and being charged. It wasn't her fault
Wrong decision voting against the sanctions...unanimous vote sends the message that we're unity and steadfast.  Shame you can't see that.
You mean endanger them nuking Israel. I sure hope so
- Stab in the Heart-  Who were you signaling with those words today.? New hit man given the signal?
You're not helping Bernie. Russia helped you in the primary, and you lost by 4mil. Let's come together
I believe you deserve Trump.
Good luck with that.
He will make America great again when he leaves office in shame.
Nuclear agreement is a sham
You don't care about people. All you care about is power.
lol how much BS do you believe? 100% I'd say
When's the @FBI gonna investigate you as a Russian agent paid to be a Trojan horse?

What goes around always comes back around.
Please show your evidence. Thanks in advance.
Tad Devine.

You're welcome.
Link to same, thanks in advance
Tad Devine worked with Paul Manafort on pro Putin Yanukovich's campaign in Ukraine.

Google still works 
So no link to your insinuation.  Generally that means it comes from right-wing websites LOL
Or you could use the Google too....
Are you kidding me? That sources even worse than right-wing sources. I know the people that set up the people's view, that came from du
What are you hiding Bernie? Need to investigate ur ties with this destabilizing country's regime as well
Yes ties that are made up by Hillary supporters LOL
The Russians Are Coming. The Russians Are Coming. 
You neo-McCarthyites are an atrocious lot
So very true! We call. We march. We protest! Yet, the injustice and ignorance continues. What now can we do, Bernie?
Yeah... we wouldn't want to jeopardize an agreement the Iranians violated almost immediately after signing. #doofus
That agreement was never worth having.
Did another War in the Middle East worth begin?
What?
It is very simple. Obama Administration had two choices, accept the agreement or begin a war against Iran.
Bullshit.
You know nothing about the Middle East. Americans care just about themselves.
You don't know what you are talking about but regardless, what's that got to do with Obama?
It's odd that you are the only senator out of 100 who sees this as a legitimate concern. (Rand Paul is nuts, so I'm not counting him.)
Momentum is catching on...Our goal is on One-Million Standing Strong #NoMeUs #WeDemand #ItIsInOurHands #NoH8 #NoMoreWars
U would say anything against the president or GOP. Ur not a leader just a divider
Thanks you #Bernie for calling out Saudi Arabia's export of extremism
The nuclear "agreement" that gets them the ability to blow up Western civilization faster than before? That "agreement"? #MoronAlert
Are you out of your friggin' mind? Obama gave a green light for Iran to continue to spread terrorism.
I agree.  He should not have mentioned Iran either when he was talking to the Saudies.
You're a fake! Giving saudis weapons is bad, but giving the Iranians billions of dollars and a free hand in the region is good? Delusional.
Windbag
Blustering Bernie. As always, words don't math actions
Iran has already broken the agreement numerous times.  The whole agreement is a farce.
@OccupationMovie Uncle Sheepdog continues spouting Democrats' nonsense that "Russia Fucked Us". Go home, Old Man Sanders, you're losing it.
You overthrow our democratic gov. shoot down our airbus, sell chems to Saddam to gas us & then put sanction on us? How is that fair?
You have blood on your hands with the Iran deal,Bern!!!
I think Bernie Sanders should be tried for treason for trying to turn the USA to socialism!
I think you'll find that Assad is an elected President. And it is the US that is engaged in a dirty war.
You showing yourself !!!

It would weaken the Regime of terror and empower the people to rise up against tyranny!
It's funny how you don't want to make the Iranians mad but you could care less about the rage that you are causing against republicans.
Pathetic ignorance about the Islamic concept of deception as a strategy to defeat stronger adversaries. Iran is pulling a 'Huddabiya' on US.
Tiene toda la razón
Senator! I think your stance gives them excuse to terminate the deal and blame America for it. They love such a stance.
Interesting and important point you make.
It is like a Jew defending Nazi , Iran hates Jewish but maybe you hate America.
So the sanctions against Russia will affect Iran or is there other content of legislation that wasnt reported about these new sanctions.
You are  misleading the public about a nation that shouts death to US,threaten Israel Jewish and also make you the great devil.
Trump will never pass it and Tillerson don't want it either, there is money to be made in Russia, who cares about America, to little to late
If it happened while Obama was in office, Trump is gonna repeal it. For an orange bastard, he sure is not very tolerant of other minorities!
It will definitely endanger the nuclear deal. I'm an Iranian and i can see how people are losing hope and trust in the agreement day by day.
@noamchomskyT wise words
What deal? They are going to get nukes anyhow
Thanks for explaining.  I understand.
I'm talking to Javad in order to reject the deals.
Bernie supports Iran - a terrorist country. Are you making a profit off Iran & their terrorism?
I hope Iran/Russia don't nuke the White House. 

There are beautiful paintings of presidents who actually achieved something.
Plus the important work domestically of your irate, insane supporters. #Hodgkinson
Thanks 2 both you & @RandPaul, for your common sense votes against these sanctions, which is in best interests of OUR Country & world #Truth
That's why they slipped in the Russia thing
Thank you for this.
The very nuclear agreement that Iran is disobeying anyway?  No wonder you cna't get elected.
Voter fraud is a serious charge, but at that juncture, it was critical difference between popular & electoral votes.  Had to be suppressed!
This whole Russia mania is a diversion from the tragedy & murder of a  Bernie supporter, Seth Rich.  Planned to expose DNC & voter fraud.
It's almost like some American politicians are trying to pass laws for the best interests of Russia, not the USA... 
Why did Maxine Waters accept  200K in contributions from Russia?  Why are these contacts, events we witnessed, not under Russia investigaion
You are wrong on this. You were so wrong in your constant attack on president Trump and you are fueling the false narrative against him.
What did Pres Obama mean when he leaned in on a hot mic, and said to Russian envoy, "tell Vlad, I'll have more flexibility after election?
Death of Seth Rich has too many coincidental contacts with Podesta & assoc.  Who did Podesta have in mind, he said he wld make an example of
Dr Sava is frequent visitor to WH, logged in days B4 murder.  Joe Capone, mgr of bar where Seth was drinking that night, also visited WH ?
Seth Rich went 2 hospital, talking. 4th yr surgical resident said wounds not fatal?  Care assumed by Podesta friend, Dr. Sava. Seth dies?
A fourth year surgical resident is a doctor in training, FYI.
We know,  Still in training, is a resident.  FYI, after they complete their residency, walah! Doctor.
Seth Rich murder was said 2B robbery gone bad?  Real Bad!  Despite 2K in cash, phone & watch, nothing was taken?  2 shots in back, not fatal
Perpetuating Russia interference, has diverted focus frm email content 2 means of exposure.  Russia didn't know email contents, but Seth did
Hillary's emails were the biggest scandal in years.  With assistance from Comey, Hillary was not charged for her illegal use of pvt server.
If contents of Hillary's emails, had not been so damning, exposing would not bare fruit.  Seth released those emails because of the content.
Hangin' out w/ James Taylor and wish the 60s were still going on?? Iran is Dangerous. Ask ur buddy Carter. Remember 1979? #Sit4Something
Russia is not an innocent, all world powers try 2influence election outcomes.  But this time, it's covering the murder of Seth Rich.
I say nuke them
@thirst4knowldge
TY. This is prime example why some bills/issues need to be separated.This msg is not going to reach many & therefore will hurt his rep. more
Agreed.
OAN and other sponsors, offering 500K, for information re: murder of DNC staffer, Seth Rich.  Email: Tips@OANN.com
Murdered DNC insider, Bernie supporter, voter fraud analyst used Wikileaks 2 expose DNC cheating or Russia used Wikileaks 2 expose? Cover up
Leaked email from Podesta to DNC, " I want 2 make an example of leaker, whether or not there's proof".  Do you think he meant Russia or Seth
Seth Rich was a Bernie supporter inside the DNC. Investigating voter fraud,he uncovered more fraud against Sanders, used Wikileaks 2 expose.
That's right.
Seth released 44,053 emails to Wikileaks, same # attributed to Russia.  Days B4 testimony re: voter fraud & emails, Seth Rich is murdered.
Does anybody believe Russia conspired with "Wikileaks" 2 release DNC emails?  More likely, emails came from murdered DNC insider Seth Rich
Russian interference?  Interview with Putin, Megyn Kelly was asked for proof, she said no proof, just markers?  Obama said, cold war's over
Nuclear agreement w/Iran was not sound.  Pallets of money in cash?  Iran has declared death to America since 1950's.
Would it be better to ship another pile of untraceable  $Billions to Iran? I'm confused.
your statement on Russia is absolute proof you have sold out to the Dems and #MilitaryIndustrialComplex. Total Embarrassment.
The nuclear agreement agreed upon by Obama was a joke.
Both you and Trump refused to show your taxes. Mr transparent ain't so transparent.
Typical Liberal really, believes anything whole heartedly without any burden of proof, it's emotions not facts that matter to you guys.
Self-righteous are Democrats or Republicans opposed to an URGENTLY  need CHANGE  of Narrative in regards of domestic &international issues.
UNILATERALactions military or express trough sanctions have probe to be UNPRODUCTIVE. urgently aCHANGE is necessary WORLD'S STABILITY&PEACE
WORLD CITIZENS can't  accept anymore t 1 country's voice as the only voice. In a MULTI-POLAR WORLD theVOICES of ALL countries must bePRESENT
In a MULTI-POLAR WORLD it'sNOT possible as Obama did with Russia try to suppress ANY country from the world communityDifferences= DIALOGUE .
You need to quit living in your imaginary shell Iran will support you when running again
yes to do so means you desire nuclear holocaust and not safety #PresidentSanders2020 #Sanders2020 #SandersSchumer2020
man i tried--i caucused for you last january!
@FarnazMhrn Hello Mr. Sanders're the only senator opposed to sanctions and war're Thank you.
#love sanders
I call bull!
Let's play a game where we guess who has more oil: Sunni religious fundamentalists, or Shia fundamentalists? Now, see if this is relevant...
That most US citizens even believe they have the right to do so is the real problem
Exellent! US can unilaterally impose sanctions after they impose them on themselves for all the misery they have inflicted on the planet
I still cannot believe 'WeThePeople' somehow (rigged and robbed) got stuck with #TyranTrump over you or Hillary. The poor work the hardest.
Why isn't this man the President of USA? Most logical human being I've ever seen
Then why did you vote yea on the amendment which married the Iran and RU sanctions? https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00144 …
In a word:Commie!
Are you serious? Why don't you just disappear!
@POTUS   @realDonaldTrump  if you can READ- you should look at this- if not- maybe one of your flunkies can read it to you- or Baron-
Glad you voted  ON IT

So your for sanctions against Russia but not a state that sponsors terrorism?  Thank God we didn't elect you.
So why did the Democrats vote for it?
در آینده نزدیک به 51 کشور مانند شوروی تقسیم خواهید شد.
@anuraagjhawar hmmmm 
The Iran deals is a joke.  Former potus was played and schooled.  We have a real president now.  Thank goodness u were not elected.
Incorrect, Iran never nuclear test missile but it was non-missile test
It's very important to Bernie to allow them to stockpile nukes to destroy the US 'cuz he couldn't himself due to the primary.
Retire already.
Agree. Also, new Russia sanctions are getting us closer to all-out annihilation. Or, they'll just roll over & let US teach them a lesson?
Btw: Iran are fighting ISIS in Syria. And Saudi destruction of Yemen, with US support? Time for US to review its strategic partnerships?
I agree 100%, Bernie. There's way too much bias vs Iran. US need to find balance. A brazen, unchecked Saudi will increase instability.
Hmmm don't use Iran as an excuse not to back the bill against Russia. I really hope you're nothing more than an unwitting Idiot for Putin
Why did you support giving billions of tax payer money to a country that sworn death to all Americans?????????????????????????????????????
Then you really need to drop the "Russia hacked our election" bullshit because the only election proven rigged was your primary
Iran deal is our most powerful weapon-way more powerful than force.  It worked.  Even in their election, they complain of its restrictions.
I agree with sanctions on Russia, not Iran. Russia is the one who hacked into our election. And others as well.
you mean that poc obama ramroded thru the system w/o debate along w the $400m ransom payment
Hmm...what's it like to take a stance against the grain, & be allowed to clarify, & recieve the benefit of doubt, via a simple tweet.....?
Iran is more democratic, a lesser threat to world peace than bestial, feudal Saudi-Arabia. No Russian sanctions because there's no EVIDENCE!
You support sanctions on Russia but don't support sanction on Iran a terrorist state. Your my friend have brain damage.
Thanks to greed of US leaders, almost nothing left of JCPOA
It will have consequences
Nobody will ever trust united states again #JCPOA
Idk what to think to be honest...I think there's a bunch of alliances all over the place
One convicted of treason buy a coup d'etat it is legally punishable by Death. The Nazis said they're only following orders. Lawyer up Bernie
متاسفم که انگلیسی نمی دانم تا از شما بخاطر رای مخالفتان به زبان خودتان تشکر کنم.
سپاسگذارم
Bernie by 2018 America will know crimes U guys support Assassination attempts hostile takeover of our elected government & Seth Rich murder
از شما متشکرم بخاطر رای مخالفی که  داده اید، این تحریم ها ملت ایران را آزار میدهند و در دنیا هیچ کس حق آزار انسان های معصوم را ندارد .
Kent believe you Bernie you didn't speak out when Kathy Griffins mocked Isis like decapitation of Trump you are silent on Shakespeare play
Iranians R ones that chanted death to America. Your people attempted to assassinate Americans. Bernie you are an accessory to that attempt
Bernie voted NO because there were no sanctions AGAINST Saudi Arabia. If you read a newer tweet of his, you would see. Open your damn eyes
I can't think of ANYTHING more hypocritical than the US imposing sanctions on Russia for doing the exact same thing we & every country does.
The nuclear agreement is a joke and it's dangerous to America
No. Liar
BS ...show tour taxes ...( Russia ? )
Under communism..all people are equal..but some people are more equal than others.Bernie owns 3 houses...sell them and give it to the poor.
After one week from Trump said Qatar support terrorists...this is american policy ... USA support terrorists with advanced F15 fighters
We tried to negotiate a deal with North Korea...remember..they never abide by the agreement...and Saudi Arabia is a military counter balance
You're so full of it. Making excuses for your pro-russia stance. Stop wagging ur finger at us, old man. We see right through your dirty lies
How do you get any real work done, Bernie? You need to look at your follower numbers. Not popular, Bernie. Knock it off.
thank you so much, your argument for voting no makes absolute sense and I am so glad you want peace, I really wish you were president!
It seems that u and sen. Paul are only two senators who have not been tainted by Israel lobby money and #SaudiArabia petrodollars
The Iran deal was a another SCAM pushed by Obama with hidden details and facts. Iran has violated the agreement many times. Time to say bye.
Iran has proved it can't be trusted, Obama's bull$hit agreement isn't worth the paper its printed on! You're full Shinola!
When are you going to understand the only respect strength and the nuclear agreement is a farce.
Bernie, Trump is going to pull out of the Iran deal. The only reason is that Obama signed it. Trump is obsessed with hurting Obama.
I believe you're using Irs2n as an excuse to stooge for Vlad.
Sorry, that excuse don't fly. I lobbied 4 the Iran Deal. And I favor the Russia sanctions bill. U really think we're that stupid , don't u?
 Its so cool when you stay important sound stuff! 
Bernie you have to stop saber rattling with Russia. There is no proof they have done anything. Please stop.
Plus, @SenSanders, you're not the most credible person in the world to be speaking on the subject of election interference.
Let Iran destroy Israel . I don't know what you have against Israel Bernie but lt's got to be something big
I thought you said that the Iran deal was a bad deal.
Punish #Russia.  Reward #Iran. Oxymoronic.  (This seems to apply to most stories today. Oxymoronic)
Meanwhile, Trump & neocons lavish Saudi Arabia with tens of billions worth of weaponry, some of it illegal internationally.
I want everyone calling Bernie a russian plant to explain to me exactly why the Repubs voted overwhelmingly for Russia sanctions as well
No...not good enough. Dont trust you.
Recommend something they keep annoying the US Navy, Iran wants a war
