I appreciate your intent, but in reality it's crazy. Where are the regulatory and safety standards to ensure that Americans are protected?
The same regulations as Canada has. And Mexico. If ur uncertain don't buy it. My family consists of many drs in Mexico, I have no concern
But I also have been to Mexico and you can walk right in without a prescription and buy antibiotics, and schedule class drugs
That is no longer legal. If u get meds w/o prescription now it's like getting from dealer here. Used 2b true but became illegal many yrs ago
See part 3 
"Our for-profit health care system makes money off of death, the same way our arms merchants make money off of death. - Chris Hedges
any tweet quoting Hedges or Chomsky, auto retweet . 
why do you hate Christians?  U have shown ur true disdain for Christians. if u are a Christian u can't serve in Gov? apologize publicly!
Farrrrt
Wow, ur immaturity precedes u.  do society a favor and do not procreate.......
@Pampers full diaper alert over here please help my man jimmy
well at least u can be  successful at being a failure......cheers!
@Pampers please hurry. Jerrys diaper is overflowing
Mr. Sanders makes a good point. I'm pretty sure it will make prescription drugs cheaper. Definitely worth the discussion.
How about making it legal to do lots of things...
13 Democrats voted against your proposal. Do you remember that?
Big Pharma upset with you for not guarding their interests well enough = After all you're bought & paid for
IF prescription meds from abroad are more affordable why not work on the USA companies to lower their prices/costs, American jobs not abroad
Uh on...talking that violent rhetoric again...be careful, someone might expect affordable medication...
The Democrats have NEVER expanded the FDA to allow inspections internationally, in fact Obama BLOCKED! foreign prescriptions!
Sounds like a horrible idea; promote drug dependancy?
Many need drugs to survive. Is that dependency?
Is he implying ordering drugs as in pharmacies order them and only authorize per prescription? Or people just ordering drugs freely?
Not sure. Up here, you can't legally do either. Have to see a doctor first. I'd think direct order. Could be wrong
This is words coming from an addict; recovered addict. 257 days sober
Good for you. Can't imagine how hard that is
That's my experience with narcotics; that's why I said the idea of ordering drugs internationally without a prescription is a BAD idea
I'd be shocked if anyone here would sell opioids w/o a script. Even we have to wait a day - special order
Yet you advocate sanctions against countries who can't get enough insulin for children. Gotcha.
So are you going to introduce a bill or what? I will pester my red state trolls in congress to vote for it.
I AGREE!  But that gets lost in the rest of ur rhetoric.  U loose ur message on me!!!
KNOCK IT OFF WITH DRAMA, HATE & LIES!!
STOP IT!!!!
I do!
My health insurance is in Spain as my wife is Spanish. I am on a private healthcare( I pay). We can learn a lot from other countries!
Tired of FDA, I want eastern and western drugs I want the truth be known the greed to stop go deep bernie
If corp's can export jobs & keep profits offshore surely citizens can legally import their prescriptions from abroad.  THE PEOPLE UNITED...
That's 1 way 2 counter fact that Amer. ppl don't get proper ROI from things govt invented, enhanced, or provided foundation 4 development
Bern, is that where you get all your drugs, from abroad????
America already gets its drugs from abroad Mexico Columbia Peru Jamaica Lol
How about you lessen the regulations drug companies face in America?
See if you can get you fellow senators to stop taking payouts and agree with you.
and legalize marijuana so peoople won't have to rely on big pharma ias much n the 1st place ?
Hypocrit - you do not support American jobs
RIGHT! You would not believe the amount of money the VA is being charged for my shots! They should get them from abroad as well
True dat!
Now Bernie you were against that very idea when the Republicans brought it up during the debates. Obama already made a deal with pharma
#CHEAPDRUGS
Yes, even to go to Canada for medical care or Cuba for vacation or medical care or whatever else a free people have a mind to do.
I thought it already was!
How did they ever become not legal if they're prescription?
Or just abolish the FDA, it would have the same effect. Why would we give the benefit of the free market to nations abroad?
You need to research because Rx medications are full of chemicals and are killing people, regulated or not, find other alternatives
Yes. trump is all for competition, isn't he? NOT
Will you do that the in your next 20 years in the Senate, can't wait for that progress.
Which abroad drug company do you own stock in bern
Yes especially kids in the suburbs
Instead you tout cheaper opioids as some sort of solution. You're thinking is not profound + will solve nothing. Opioids provide no answers!
Yeah with  drugs that are not what they say, they are in his counterfeits that  kill people. No no Chucky cheese
Bernie, it's legal to be a female pharmacist these days, and you probably shouldn't refer to them as 'broads'.
If the prices were reasonable people wouldn't be going to other countries to buy their medications.
set sick people up for failure when unscrupulous companies mail victims FAKE drugs from overseas.
many are already buying overseas
yup
You have to make sure that some QA process is in place. What you order is not always what you get from abroad. Could be dangerous.
Big pharm will be lobbying big-time
Yes! Bernie you are the man. Please make this happen. The American healthcare system is broken. Lead the change!
Oh shit that's illegal? Lol whoops
Fair enough. How do we assure the quality of the foreign drugs?
It is also time to quit looking at Cory Booker as a progressive. This isn't the first time he's blocked these efforts. Merck supports him.
You been there 26 years. Now it is time to care, STHU
Amazing we're on the same page. Now as a US Senator make it happen.
We don't get drugs from other countries because they don't follow patent law.
I like where your head is at @SenSanders but this idea does slightly scare me.
Agreed but the pharmaceutical industry and politicians benefiting from it are too greedy.
I wish we could, because I'm in the donut hole and my insulins cost me $900 per month.
Of course.  We'd want the market to be a free market, wouldn't we? Not a FAKE government run market which makes imports impossible.
aren't prices lower ex-US because govts set prices? Why should we let other countries set US price? Seems like passing the buck
Actually Senator you should be advocating for Drug companies here to lower the costs and to get them out of our Elected Officials pockets
Yeah now you're getting it! Free trade and free markets are good things!
So we should get rid of the FDA?
How do we make this happen?
Absolutely!! And price controls need to be set on prescription meds sold here!
I thought Republicans were for a free market and competition? Oh wait, only when it suits their interests.
There might be a problem in that we don't know their controls in place for dosage etc. You could get unwittingly poisoned.
Why is it that i can get a full course of antibiotic pills for < $10  but eardrops ones cost me $75-90.
really? how do you gaurantee quality control and security of shipment?
No it's time to stop letting congress members from taking pay offs from lobbyist like Barry said he would 8 years ago, but you like getting
Totally agree with you Senator
If the prescriptions didn't cost so much here people needing them wouldn't have order them from abroad.
AGREE!! tired of lining drug co pockets on the back of sick ppl who actually need insulin & other drugs to live!!!
Yes left put stuff in our body that we have no idea what's in it . your buddy obama did that with his FDA pick now we eat all gmo foods
Omg, how is that safe Bernie?! You would always overregulate businesses, but you don't give a damn about the safety of the American people.
You know, if we could just legislate pharmaceuticals in a trustworthy manner, I wouldn't need to get Vietnamese Xanax
agreed, but its also time to stop bad drugs from being sold as the real thing
When they figure out how to make big pharma be more competitive let me know.
Mmmmmm...Those pills look good enough to eat, thanks Bernie
Why not lower prices here in us big pharma has no rules to follow protected by congress
Good Bernie: we need to open the pharm market ton more competition 
Also Bernie: more government is the answer to all of your questions
Well no, that's been obvious for a long time
Now your beginning to prove just how clueless you are
Maybe if you would quit being a obstructionist and help @realDonaldTrump fix Obamas mess we could.
I'd rather see the horribly addicting and brain-mushing drugs become illegal.  ppl in US are losing their lives bc of a back injury
What the hell you been doing for last 8 years, House hunting. Get Busy Bernie Hypocrite and DO SOMETHING besides tweaking
How ironic you suddenly believe in free trade on pharma while you opposed it for every other industry?
Because this one is life and death and the American people are suffering. Getting cheap steel that pollutes is not the same.
Sounds like we need a coordinated Consumer Rights - "US March for Medicine"...
Sad that's where we are right now
Ironically most manufactured outside the US
JfK: abolished the Federal Reserve, stopped invasion of Cuba, made peace w Russia,  stopped Vietnam, was most loved by People
Can we be sued drugs made in China and India are safe?
Absolutely we can't stop this greed with American pharmaceutical with out real competition
Letter from US CUSTOMS: 
Dear Sir,
   We took your dope.
Sincerely, 
USA
reason we don't allow cross border medical orders there is no way for FDA to verify quality or danger of medicine manufactured
Most drugs already are made there. No control over quality.
And yet, for some reason (stupidity) you think it's a bad idea for them to purchase health insurance in another state.  SMH
I'm joining the new party ! The people's party's! The Democrat party is dead!
Love this idea!!! They approve meds we don't and we need! 
What's with a tweet? Get a Dem in the House to write a bill and get moving, not grand standing then!
It's time to limit how much of their R&D pharma can charge us.
Bernie, You can order prescriptions from abroad they just won't be FDA approved. I remember when tape worms were sold for weight loss.
Will overseas companies, or US Gov, also pay for the research needed to discover and develop new meds? I think not.
Sorry Bernie but that is the dumbest idea I've ever heard. If people do that they don't know what they are getting and could die
I can actually agree with this from ole crazy Bernie!
I agree with you 100% on this Bernie. Reach out to Pres Trump and make it happen. You owe the DNC nothing!
I pay $6.00 per day for my medication ($183.00 per month). That's a lot  of money for me. I don't get meds across the border, but am tempted
Finally something #normal from you
Is Bernie Sanders calling to reduce Government regulations?
There's Socialist Dems trying to govern the American peoples lives because we're to stupid to do it ourselves.
No.  We have the FDA for a reason.
This is one of the few issues on which we agree. International competition is important to a #FreeMarket. #Capitalism #InvisibleHand
R U okay you want us to be able to buy drugs from Canada because it's cheaper. But now you want us to pick and choose. Makes no sense
why? whho says we can trust drugs from particular countries?
As 24 mil are set to lose health insurance, this is the cutting issue of the moment. Horse is dead, quit beating it. Time to lead or go home
Absolutely! Gov't does not work for the people in general, it works for the pharmaceutical co's & Insurance! Vote them out
Then make it so meds in the US actually WORK & won't bankrupt you each time you fill a f*cking prescription!
Assuming meds went through formal testing & approval process. Some meds may prove to be less costly/less toxic.
What broad?
and import illegal drugs too bernie.,duh
Be careful of fake drugs by internet !
love this idea but DESPISE you Burnie !!!
Wonder how much your getting in kickbacks to promote thst agenda....
I do agree here, but it's not as simple as hey it's cheaper there so abracadabra it's fixed either
Did you just get another big payout from the pharma industry?  #Retire
You mean it's time to deregulate?
Yes, please tell cory booker so he will vote for it this time!
Dear Bernie. Why not reform US distribution/pricing.  Keep money in America rather than exporting jobs overseas.  Oh, you are a globalist
better yet fix here at home. You can't-big pay days for  crooked representatives under disguise of lobbying.. fix congress
Shop at home
Wont be fixed here until cheap competition from abroad. Big pharma give up the golden goose/usa?...unlikely.
Agreed
I have Obama care it costs me $400 mo. It pays for almost none of my medicine! You I have an auto im dis.
Yeah because that would be the safest thing to do, NOT
No, it's time for pharmaceutical companies to stop price gouging...
True
It's time for a "US March for Medicine"...bipartisan support!
Imagine govt protecting pharma by making it illegal for you to get your prescriptions elsewhere at a cheaper price.
Because they sure as hell didn't write the laws to protect us, just the Pharma industry profits.
#BulkBuyingPower of #SocializedHealthcare provides a win-win result, Ill People can't buy unaffordable drugs @realDonaldTrump @RonPaul
Yes sir it is.
I don't want to order drugs from broads. I prefer licensed pharmacies that can be trusted.
If only big Pharma lobbyists didn't own DC.
If you feel that strongly about it; Why didn't you push to have it in Obamacare???  Which is the law of the land.
TEAM LIMITS 
We can do that?
A major mistake.  Opens door for fraud, fake/adulterated products, etc.  The  only answer is single payer and negotiation of prices.
Please, please, please, stick to the single payer bandwagon.
Open up the Silk Road doggie
YES!!! its amzing how the Rx corps. FUCK  their own contrymen in the drug racket! Shamful!theybwill get awa
Cause we know those labs are monitored real well? Are you crazy
Yes! Price will go down dramatically.
Yes it is time and in doing so will eventually lower healthcare cost across the board. Doctors will have to lower cost easing insurance co.
Sorry Bernie, I respectfully disagree. Stop your big pharma flogging the shit out of products on TV. US big pharma worst in world 4 ripoff!
it's time to expropriate big pharma, you fake socialist.
Ever order from Canadian pharmacies?! They get their drugs from overseas and is legal for American to order from them.
This is your dumbest idea. Institute price controls, it is those controls that keep prices down in the countries you want to import from!
Senator Sanders could you please introduce such a bill. Thank you
For those thinking we'll be "poisoned" bc other countries don't have an FDA, we have an FDA and we're still dying from the foods they allow
Absolutely!!!
I'm still waiting for @SenBennetCO to answer me on why he didn't support your bill.  He does receive a large amount from pharma. Correlation
Other countries with free healthcare AND cheaper prescription drugs could be real help to Americans.
Time to end the state run monopoly on prescription drugs. This will greatly help millions of Americans.
They let me buy drugs for my dog in Canada
No it's time for Congress to hold big pharma's feet to the fire and lower the damn prices!
Lol congress would have to kick big pharma out of  bed first.
Tell that to Republicans like @CoryBooker
Sir! That's a lousy statement! Out of country ordering is PRICE& selection.#4 Big PHARMA?
you realize that wont make them cheaper... it's the gov control that drives up the price in the US
But in order to bring change we have to reform our mindset and our healthcare delivery system.
ok..class
.punctured
Many foreign Gov. would gladly help to regulate safety for the US if it opened up new markets. Great idea!
Just prescription drugs? Why such a control freak? Why can't I import ANYTHING that I want? Huh Bernie?
Bc that's illegal.
Well let's Sanders take the drugs from other countries that don't have a FDA like we do. Very scary stuff. Anyone can poison us than. Morons
and risk dying from taking imperfect drugs?
Which country would you order from that has inferior drugs?  Order from somewhere else
Or simply have MOC get out of the pocket of big pharma long enough to allow negotiated prices for Medicare etc (this won't happen).
Cc @CoryBooker, you big sellout you 
I think it's time for you to apologize....Just sayin
Will only happen if the company is Trump Pharmaceuticals, perhaps Putin Pharma. We're in the midst of the Orange Mafia #Grifter-in-Chief 1/2
We are not a soclizam country look at Venezuela its socializim broke !!
Considering you can't even spell the word I'm going to assume you're not a reliable source on this topic.
He doesn't know how it works, they are US companies selling for cheaper overseas!
Is that because you are investing in American drug companies? I thought  you hate rich people...
