Sorry that you backstabbed Hillary Bernie ? Ready to live up to your word and release your tax returns Bernie ?
Campaigning for Hillary is back stabbing? Isn't that ass-backwards?
Sanders campaigned for himself , I refuse to indulge idiot liars and slimy Russians on the matter
Uh no
He never once praised Clinton , he never once told ANYONE to vote for her . He's scum .
How full of crap can you be
The same week he threatened to withdraw his support after claiming that he believed she couldn't do the job . He works for Russia
Are you high? No he didn't. And working for Russia? Lol. Man you are making crap up
Already have been replaced by private ER/GP options because the private options are waaay better. 

Market talks, Marx's bullshit walks
I'd recommend u do a bit more study as to what precisely a Community Health Center is.  Ignorance should never be a chosen state.
Then why are you a socialist?
Why are you promoting murder?
Abortion Causes Many Aspects Of Hell
            WiseUp >>>>>>>
GOP supports Abortion AFTER one has left the womb. Gop Supports Negligent Homicide of Families of the Working Poor.
Bernie does not care for planned Parenthood, it’s the establishment he says
Yeah right, and that's why he STILL rates 100% w PP.
https://votesmart.org/candidate/evaluations/27110/bernie-sanders#.WeVtd8spDgA …
I live for the day a commie actually offers to pick up the check for the meal they're trying to get America to order
Taxes do not fund spending at the Federal level! Do you really think that money for the MIC, comes from taxes?
Let's call Bernie #SenatorChaChing because everytime he spks or tweets, its billions for US taxpayer imprisoning future generations in debt
Sad you still buy that economic lie. Taxes to not fund spending at the Federal level!
READ THIS ONE people!!  http://thelocal.se/20130327/46910 .  This is the right healthcare for US !!!!!
How can people not get behind taking care of one another?  We are better than this America.
Bernie. RENT a finance pro for your staff and tell us how we pay for all your Federal based programs.
The same way we pay for the bloated MIC.
So go to work Bernie. Actually do something to earn the pay we give you.
All of your tweets are about the government funding more and more programs. Try cutting a few and stop spending my tax money. #MAGA
Your taxes do not fund spending at the Federal level.
The states should and did provide before ACA. Now its just belly up to the trough. Might as well, you sent $1 to get back fifty cents.
Not all states, they still don't.
This is a state issue
It is so not a state issue. Taxes do not fund spending at the Federal level, like they do at the state level. Congress can fund it like MIC.
These are not federal services.
BAD TEETH CREATES BAD HEALTH!!!! What will it take for u fools to get it!!!!!
I wish for once u would worry about our Dental Insurance on MEDICARE!!!! You want us to pull all teeth out the just get DENTURES!!! Not GOOD
Perhaps helping Puerto Rico, funding CHIP, healthcare is a better use of $$$ instead of $5 TRILLIon in TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES
I would agree are they providing abortions I'm against that
You're right Sen. Sanders. Congress must ACT. Please ACT not REACT. PLEASE tell Congress to grow up, grow a pair and do your job!!
Please protect our children and grandchildren. Do the right thing.

To fully fund what? Did u say communist party?
Many people are not interested in you. You are a known backstabber.
I'm done wasting my tax money on obese people with no self control. Everyone should pay their own way in life. I don't want to pay for fats
Trump's Exec Order on ACA will prove finally that the DEMS are NOT there to represent the people & will NOT pass Medicare For All.
We are absolutely correct with you on COMMUNTY HEALTHCARE PROGRAM senatorBERNIE! AN ABSOLUTE NECESSITY AT THIS POINT TODAY AND TOMORROW.
WE NEED HEALTHCARE NOT JUST WAYS TO PASS AROUND MASSIVE AMOUNTS OF MONEY BETWEEN EXECUTIVES .
Sen. Sanders, override the healthcare exec order! Congress may not abdicate its role to the President! #ProtectOurCare #ACAsabotage
Isn't this another way of supporting Planned UNPARENTHOOD?
Bernie you have a lot of Russian bot stroking your overgrown ego
Hopefully the law will take you and your criminal wife down

Women do NOT FANTASIZE ABOUT BEING RAPED BY 3 MEN AT ONE TIME. WOMEN DO NOT FANTASIZE ABOUT RAPE AT ALL
Wait, BERNIE, YOU ARE CONGRESS
This is trumps doing
Question. Since you hate the democrat party, why are you running on DEMOCRATS BILLS? YOU HAVE NEVER WRITTEN ANYTHING FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS
When will you all arop talking and do something! You all are useless!
Universal Health Care for all USA citizens! It’s a matter of decency and a humans right!
CHC . = VD CLINICS.  Keep your D in your pants and you dont need them
Just watched the 60 Minutes Whistleblower report. The bill limiting the DEAs reach of big pharma.  It passed Snte and Hse unanimous. True?
President Trump,Cut Off Obamacare Payments To Destroy Health Law,so people can suffer. America's #1 enemy is,you guessed it,TRUMP!
ISIS/IM Dr. Kanchana continuously sending bio-telemetry BRAIN MAPPING that President's WIFE sleeping to RAJNATH it's her SEXUAL Frustration
HEY COOT-JUST IN-SEEMS YOUR STATE IS A SHIT HOLE START THERE!
Let's focus our investing into companies that are here in the United States so we can keep our economy strong, let's invest,
Bernie, you'll appreciate this as will REAL Dems
The Open Mind, What's the Matter with the Democrats?
And they need to refund Child Health Plus
Community Health Centers cut overall HC costs, by recognizing & treating problems early. Give vaccines to kids, so protect everyone.
Why?????? Why is the gov't responsible for peoples healthcare????? People need to have ownership of their own lives.
Spend some of that Clinton cash
Useless laws weaken the necessary laws......Montesquieu
Sanders you must immediately relocate your self to Venezuela.
Sanders can u teach me how to make trees that grow money?
Show me your famous socialist magic .
Then start fucking acting because you seem to spout a lot of shit about the job you should be doing while your not actually doing it.
King Trump reign...
move Senate 2 cut @POTUS spending in his security and bullshit golfing trips to Florida! route that money to social programs & #Healthcare
Great idea but not the role of the Fed. government is supposed to protect my borders that's it.
No the roll of the government is to uphold the constitution. Understand American government.
Enforce e-verify citizenship checks, with foreign national treatments billed to their countries 100x … then sure!

Bernie writing a rape essay makes him a better man! Bernie has not accomplished 1 ounce of what these two have

Completely out of context
Sure it's completely out of context, he didn't write porn either. Oh and snopes really. A known left lap dog. Snopes lost credibility
The fact that he said that about women is DISGUSTING.
Bernie don’t blame Trump or Obama for Political greed. Blame Political greed start term limits for politicians then Americans have a chance.
When  Insurance companies make billions they help fund politicians. Bernie everyone could have Healthcare if Politicians stopped rapping US
If Universal Healthcare was done, no need to worry about ones access for health service. US citizens should not have to worry about cost.
Bernie why not tell truth Obamacare is failing because of Political greed. Politicians knowing  Insurance companies are making billions.
Rural communities highly depend on these Health centers. The Hill Country Health and Wellness in Round Mountain CA is also solar.
Another bot
Just curious, how would you propose to fund all that you have said over the last 30 days that “we must” do?  Please be specific.
Hey liberals, why do you want Trump running your healthcare?
How about my bank account
Congressmen never act immediately. They are to busy spinning everything. At Sanders age, he is probably in the can all day trying to piss.
Yea they must, but will they?  Doesn't seem like the GOP is functional within their own party.
You want Trump running healthcare?
Go away.  Socialism died with Hitler.
Yes they are , first time i had a regular docter since i was a teenager. They have helped me many times over the last 10 years.
Bennie please leave this country and go to Cuba and take your theft wife with you. And your fancy car with you.  Take hilly with you
Go away.
Immediately, good luck Bernie
Community health centers are vital to low-income people especially now that we're losing all of our health care they're even more important
Bot here
JUST MAKE IT Free and won't cost anything. Even better, make it a right and no one will have to find it
Go Congress go!!!
Well, good luck getting through the amoeba's thick skull. I agree with you 100%. Sick 'em Senator Sanders.
Haha! Congress doing something? Dems sitting on their hands collecting; salaries, free healthcare, cafeteria, gym, ...... 
retire bernie!
Can you show me in the Constitution where health centers should receive federal funding?
Can you show me in the Constitution where insurance companies should control healthcare?
That's what is wrong with a lot of you Americans wont fight for your rights.
Trump far bigger danger to world than NK & Iran put together and Repubs doing nothing about it
Bernie you should asking healthcare for all because a big potion of Americans doesn't think it's our responsibility to protect old and kids.
U stupid son of a bitch... Congress isn’t even talking about this bullshit!!! Go find Hillary and get yourselves back to your home
Go away Bernie you split the vote gave us Trump now strongest  women’s coalition splitting because of you. Go away
@RepAndyHarrisMD  these were your “favorites” - what’s the issue?
@Twitter wow, imagine my surprise when I find #Bernie at the top of my refresh, for the fourteenth time in a row! That is sooo random!
BERNIE, IT DON'T AFFECT THEM , THEY DONT SEE IT. ITS NOT THEIR LIFE. THEY DON'T GET IT OR EVEN SEE THE NEED . THEY DON'T CARE
NO, THEY MUST REPEAL N REPLACE POS Obamacare
When you have the same health insurance as we the Ines who provide your patrician life style
If not, we'll wait til it's acute, come to your ERs, and be unable to pay.  Direct impact on rates. Pennywise Poundfoolish.
Hasn't Congress show they dont give a crap about community or health..just look at all the legislations they are proposing in place of ACA
You want Trump running healthcare?
I agree with you Bernie
Bernie has many bots getting started already
I wonder if bernie yells his tweets before tweet them
BERNIE2020
Oh it’s a LIVE BOT
Is your answer that the Government Run everything?
Since Trump is Being Investigated take steps to Restrict his Actions.
Only Repug;s Holocaust H.C. Plan will be soon available!Tax breaks 4 rich more important!Let poor &sick &seniors die off!Cut population!
I’ve worked in CHC’s for the last 7 years.  They need the funding in order to continue operating.
You paying for it?  Hmmmmm
Australia has healthcare for all , at 2% tax .  VERY GOOD , Americans are being ripped
off in every way . WAKEN UP.
Why?
The mass slaughter of USA citizens goes on. Where are our Senators and Congressmen?
Senator what is it that you are not willing to give away for free? I don't see you giving your paycheck away why should we?
Communist
And act to remove their exemption from Obamacare provisons
So sad Obama care imploded.Bernie this not a socialist country!Confident US will overcome this failure, medical Cov. Will Be MGA God Bless
You want Trump running healthcare?
If they are vital to poor or working people, they will be eliminated.
Bernie, what is Congress waiting for regarding IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS for Trump? Can his Executive Orders be rescinded? Frozen?
Ummm who job is that ??
Keep them open anyway.
Congress must act immediately to remove tRump...from respected to ridiculed in nine months...we should be and are ashamed #thanks tRump
https://www.gofundme.com/american-legion-building-upgrades?pc=tw_dn_cpgnsharemore_r&rcid=r01-15080918319-40100258120f45f8 …

If you don't mind helping Vets, here ya go!!
Give up your Cadillac health policy we the people pay for and deal with the mess you shoved down our throats



So you have nothing to add? No facts or evidence?

Who would you rather have dinner with?

#Poll #Polls #JW #JustForFun #SethMeyers #Trump #Resist #MAGA #Sunday #SundayMorning #SomosUnaVoz
It’s another way to get away with killing people. I think our peaceful resistance ship has sailed. Time to rise up in force & save ourselves
How abt chips ?
Why is everything Freeeeee to you
Thanks for tweeting this Senator. People worried about CHIP: CHCs care for 50% of kids with CHIP or Medicaid
@SenSanders loves to use other people's money.
So does the Pentagon.
Congress is controlled by the GOP who care little bout the people but the donors.  You guys let a children's healthcare program expire.
Repeal Obamacare, Now! ACA is Democratic bill shoved down the throats of the people of the US by the failed Obama administration!
I wonder why more of you follow suit to trump and donate from your own $
I agree!
A democrat calling for congress to act ? What's next, flying pigs ?
What is going on with that bank fraud you were charged with dude?
Was never a charge
You also have to stop Dotard from blowing up the world.
I don't understand why  Americans are not protesting by the millions.. then congress would be force to act. you are all to complacent.
Congress must fully stand up against Trump and his tranny and IMPEACH HIM BEFORE THEY DO ANYTHING ELSE.
Ain't happening
Eventually it will
More useless projects from this mo Ron 
Why not take congress special healthcare subsidies and use those? Can you and staff not reject your privildged subsidies voluntarily?
Can we add CHIP to that or is it already included?
My understanding is CHC's r 4 those who don't qualify thru mktplace or Medicaid mostly in states w/o Medicaid expansion. 1/2
And you didn’t write that bill when you had the house and senate, why?
He did, you can check any senator's voting record and bill submissions on gov tracking.  It's pretty easy to see what they have done.
Then why didn’t it pass when u Libs had the house/senate & POTUS. As a matter of fact name 1 major legislation that the socialist got passed
People don't know are systems,  How it works. We have social medical. Problem?  You can't profit from it. Sad Americans & shameful. Richard
think this healthcare 'stuff' is not really being implemented - wrong - after Nov 1 - never know
I'm sure they will jump right on that because you said so Bernie
Give everyove a red VOLKSWAGEN BEETLE to while your at it. The Federal government is BROKE and your one of the ones that help get us there.
The government is broke so trump should give the rich a tax cut?
CHCs are not a substitute for PP.
Yea and OBAMACARE, Medicaid, private ins. Let's see how many duplicative programs we can have to milk the public of their money.
And you see single payer implemented tomorrow. No planning, costing, negotiations. Bye!

How about we focus on CHIP and ACA for the moment?
We’re still waiting on your statement re: Harvey Weinstein, Bernie.  Is your silence tacit approval?
Congress is going to “act immediately” to fund clinics for poor folks when they can’t act at all to fund CHIP for CHILDREN??
Apparently unlimited golf trips and chartered aircraft are the apex priorities of this administration.
Go away
No you
You have yet to ever give to me one thing to prove different you just lie and hope people believe you
YOU ARE A SENATOR--AND CANT EVEN FUNCTION PROPERLY-WHY THE HELL TWEET ABOUT CONGRESS? WTF?
YES!!!
You have yet to tell the truth one time in your entire life ever research I've done that you stated has been nothing but a lie
Yes Congress does need to act immediately to pass a law so that we can take communist like you and impeach you
Wait, why can't the states do that.

Why are the Democrats always spitting on our constitution
And if I flap my arms, I'll fly.
And ahem..., CHIP for 9M children
Nice to see Bernie promoting Hillarys bill.

25th Amendment time
Art.
so you werent gonna tell us about the tape? http://bit.ly/2yozo1k 
What does Bella Thorne have 2 do w/ Bernie Sanders?
