@SenSanders wants the government to control our lives... don't believe in the big government pipe dream of socialsm
The answer to both Corporations/Gov't ruling us, is to LIMIT GOVERNMENT. Both situations the rules are implemented and enforced THROUGH govt
You probably never read about Communism? Try reading "The Gulag Archipeligo" and you'll understand what Commie @SenSanders wants to achieve
There's a reason he honeymooned in the actual fucking USSR... literally honeymooned when they were killing millions, locking them in Gulags
$15 an hr minimum wage will make prices go up canceling out the effect. Notice there are no more dollar menus? and its just begun
Tell that to Seattle 
@Seattle see above message
Your point is that if only we still had dollar menues the economy would be fine?
Wow holy s$&t?! Not thats not my point! Duh! just a small twitter size example of an effect raising min wage is having
Also raising min wage cancels out merit increases for those that earned it. The people making $15hr now will not make $20....
They will stay the same or close to it and that pisses people off. Also it's been my experience that companies freeze hiring to brace for it
Only  because they have. But it's not smart or good. Just because people survive something doesn't make it ok.
I say there are63 million that disagree, ha ha
"Medicare For All" worries me a bit. Medicare still only pays 80%. Leaving 20% as patient responsibility. 20% of 150K heart surgery = 30K
The advantages to medicare for all, is if you want supplemental insurance, you can. So many companies will still offer supplemental options.
If Medicare doesn't cover a procedure, certain labs or medical services, the supplemental will deny any coverage, too. That needs fixing.
Medicare has been destroyed with new regulations,#Obamas regime destroyed our HC. Unsustainable because most now on Medicaid,MC,quality.
Do you do drugs?
Hypocrite, milionair "socialist" supported hillery he called "corrupt crony capitalist"  been part of the swamp for 26 years. GMADB
If I could find )2 Brain Cells in your head it would be a miracle!
. This country and our WORLD need a heart revolution Senator Sanders..
You lost over 1200 elections in the last 8 years old man.  You can't pass gas.
You raked in $1,052,000 last yr~most coming from YOUR book deals touting socialism and attacking the wealthy~ Will $15/hr buy me 3 homes?
Yes you are damn right
First shot?
You started our revolution @SenSanders now we have to take that spark and start a fire! A revolution isn't won in a day or a year.
In light of recent events, maybe you should stop with the gunfire euphemisms.
You don't have a Democratic platform, you have Venzuela platform of Socialism. Look at Venzuela.. No food, no money.
Guess your supporter from Illinois decided to take more shots at the republicans this morning in VA huh?
Win in your first shot?  Dude, you sold out to Hillary, how do you win when you QUIT running??  Give back the bribe Bernie!
Oprah Please Run.so Bernie can stop Spitting and talking nonsense.Look how Vicious he treated Hillary.Pointing his finger in her face
More hate talk
Please, resist the temptation of distorting an intent of change with 'join the revolution or the fight has just begun'...neither apply.
Isn't the #FBI INVESTIGATION of your wife JANE OMEARA SANDERS going to cramp your big "momentum"?
NOW is the time for all this hatred to STOP!! You have an obligation to strongly denounce any & all depictions of violence toward our POTUS!
A progressive builds on what is there to make it better , you sir want to dismantle and replace . You are not a progressive !
No, you have no momentum Mr.  Socialist. The American people don't buy what you are selling cause it's bullshit.
@chasmurphy813
Hell yeah!
"revolution" a forcible overthrow of a government or social order in favor of a new system. Sounds like one of ur supporters started today
"on your first shot." Clearly this is inciting violence. You should be ashamed of yourself!
Thank you, @SenSanders .  You are more important than ever to our country.
You couldn't even run the VA so don't lecture us!!
Hillary got 4M more votes than Bernie in the primary and 3M more votes than DJT in the general. The momentum is DEFINITELY with HILLARY.
yeah, someone even corrected me that Hillary won in 2016 general by 3.5M more votes. & by more votes than all other Dems except Pres Obama.
You are NOT a revolutionary.  Sheepdog who ignored mass fraud and then LIED to blame Russia to shield establishment you say to fight. #JOKE
U r NOT a *sane* progressive. No1 is perfect but Bernie is 1 of the best we have in the fight 4 change. Ur comments do nothing 4 that goal
what cause can't be served by truth?
Doesn't mean that the millenials should keep voting 3rd party. Trump is a disaster. NO MORE!
#3rd party is better that the 2 crap #establishment red and blue ones, you saw how well " #draintheswamp" went, more #swamp
You wouldn't have this crap if Hillary was President.
Not the same crap but we would still have trouble with Hillary too.
what you are saying is you plan to over throw our government so you can establish your's. Fuck what we want as long as you get your way.
When will you be donating the million dollars Bernie?
Please stop undermining the dem party.  We need to take back our country, need to find common ground and work toward cleaning up congress!!
Um how? Right leaning parties are gaining momentum all across the western world. You are losing
Being anti-Christian and a socialist will get you only so far with idiots that follow you. The rest of America will stand up and fight you
Sentence too long. Should have ended after 'political revolution is not going to happen.'
In your dreams #ineffectivebernie #Democrats Will Not vote or donate $$'s to you! #neverbernie
I don't think any more post offices need named. What's next on the "revolution" agenda? Hurry u are 76
Um 76 yrs old in political office 40 yrs.  How much longer is this going to take? Some people could die waiting after living a long life
Please stop. You are hurting our country. We need new, young people to run.
Dems have been fighting for Universal Health since we won Social Security. Also higher wages etc etc. Not revolutionary.
You're 75 yrs old dude, and you still haven't released your tax returns, only revolution is in your pants. 
You caved in to the Clinton Crime Machine. Why should anyone ever, listen to you?Btw, you posting from house #2 or house #3? Just wondering.
$15 min wage is un-American. It says settle for this b/c ingenuity, getting ahead & success are beyond your capabilities.
It's way better than  $8.50 like it is now! They won't even raise it to  $15. Bernie says it's too low at  $15. WTF.
I know it's better. Struggling restaurants, automation. I wonder how sustainable it is for businesses. Can Trump make good jobs plentiful?!
I don't think Trump cares at all about the working class of this country. He's always been a money for himself!
I'm worried that people would trade liberty & freedom for gov't dependence & control. That is what Trump is trying to reverse.
Socialism is Russian, everyone with two functioning neurons KNOWS the Russians are behind world Socialism... and Bernie.
Phony bernie is bringing his msg of h8 2Chicago limiting white ppl 2meeting pushing the h8 agenda of his top 5 donors tech pacs fire workers
If the US got Bernie and the UK got Jeremy..that would be world-changing
What a #pathetic joker. #leftists #Usefulidiot
See how that revolution is working out in Venezuela. Your a fraud. Your anti Israel and anti Christian. You will never be our president.
Why is it ok for a white man to use a racial slur, and an Asian American can't call someone a turd
President Trump did #StillWinning
You're right, Bernie. The fight continues.
Nice language for a Senator.  Way to set an example for our youth - wait! That's right - you encourage violence & vulgarity
are you talking with Trump supporters from last year?  There was a movement and Trump won.
Cute story bro, which house, or car did you tweet this from?
Communism is a failed ideology, Mr. Sanders.
Ask Trotsky, Marx, and Lenin. They'll tell you.
A comedy of fatal errors planned by Israel . Blame it on the Moslems . For shame
Pathetic excuse for a man.
THE CURRENT PRESIDENT , MR TRUMP WON ON HIS FIRST SHOT. I HAVE WANTED A BUSINESSMAN TO RUN OUR COUNTRY FOR 25 YEARS.
You surely aren't this delusional....right?
We know the elections were hacked but know one is talking about a do over. How sad. So we have a clown in the white house.
Right on Bernie- keep ya heads up- we have only just begun to fight the good fight! Step up!
you caved to people that cheated you. if the dnc didn''t cheat, you may very well have been sitting in the white house at this very moment
You lost all credibility endorsing Hillary though.

Raising the minimum wage creates more poor, poor unemployment, higher prices !!!
Revolution is not the answer, think evolution.
THIS is man who should B our President-the ONLY candidate who fights 4 the majority over 1% & corporations. W/not vote 4 establshmt DEMS.
RESIST!!!!
When did yo join the GOP????  Wow that IS news. Of course your original, socialist ideas are dead, long ago. And 2018 = death of DNC. So..
Hell yeah
When they FINALLY Impeach Trump. I pray they put you in as our True President of Our United States of America !!
You're days are behind you grandpa and so is socialism for us. Change your diaper before you sleep. Let us young ppl decide our way forward
Bernie, You may have contracted Delusionus Giganticatus....I'd suggest have that looked at.....
Medicaid for all is a better option then Medicare 4 all. Medicare recipients often have to purchase extra insurance (Medigap)
How is that political revolution working out in Venezuela? Or any other country it has been tried in? Free Market works best.
Gotta feeling we'll be playing this clip on Friday morning a lot here in the UK to keep our spirits up... Long road ahead.
(tx @geetadayal)
You want a political revolution so you can have a government like Cuba or Venezuela?
Not if you keep supporting Forced Birth Democrats. The Democratic base- largely women- won't play. You will split party.
We love your ideas and your passion. Working with your ideas in Greensboro, NC.
America will not let Trump destroy us for a quick buck.
  
Tough to hear from the self-proclaimed multi-millionarre Socialist
He sounds irritated. Goodness.
Let's do it!!
Let the top 10% take care of the bottom 10%. Let the rest be free from government controls
More government control is not an answer. Encourage individual initiatives. Reduce dependency on government handouts
Nothing is FREE.....LOSERS.
What are you going to do about those who have little motivation to train themselvs for better jobs?
#1 solution to Global Warm: build a 50-panel solar carport. Earn $1,000. /Mo income from Utilities who pay $0.49 Kwh.
Are you looking to spend your final years in prison for espionage?
Really?  You and your ilk have been losing since 2010.
And yet your party ditched you like a bad penny...
When proof is in regarding Russia's coup in US election 2016, Trump must forfeit election to popular vote winner!
$1 mil, Bernie.
The kind of revolution we're talking about starts in the heart; with compassion and the feeling that as humans we are all connected.
what revolution? The revolution of taking money away from small business owners to give to people who won't work?
The momentum belongs to those with double standards working for STABILITY PEACE &PROGRESS for ALL.
Damn right
BERNIE!!!!! WHY DIDN'T WE LISTEN BERNIE 
We need @BernieSanders 4 president in 2020 - #DraftBernie - same old same old republicrats r killing us &  planet #political revolution
Thank you for continuing to fight for us.
No,a #Resistance is on,@SenSanders,based on lies & fraud. You are a #phony,living high on the hog & preaching against capitalism.#Beashamed
He is not part of the same resistance. Read about what the DNC did to him and you will see.
I know what the DNC did to him, and he just let them roll over him. Came out with a new vacation home,no interest in lawsuit against DNC?
Congrats on your regressive agenda getting thru! Venezuela is a great example of how wonderful it could be in America. 
Sorry Bernie we already had the revolution, you missed it was in 2016 #MAGA
You still going to be proud when the US looks like this?
Love you Bernie! 
If the momentum was with you you would have beat Trump. So no....no it's not. Good try though!
Revolutions also end overnight. Debbie W's emails buried your campaign and had DNC endorse Hillary overnight.
Wealth redistribution is all Dems want! I'm tired of giving my hard earned money away! Dems keep taxing us to death because they're careless
Dems are real good at spending everyone's money & can't spend responsibly. Treats tax payers like a bottomless pit of money supply. Wrong!
Bernie 2020! He's not too old. There's an 111 y/o vet in Austin still smoking cigars and drinking whiskey. Bernie's got years of fire left!
Bernie Hypocrite talking about revolution not evolution. We just had one and we one
All Patriots ARISE ! The GOP = GOV. OF PUTIN ! Fire them all !!!
Change is a process and we must push it along.
Keep drinking the KOOL-AID Bernie
Hey Bernie can you give me some of that million you made so I can have a good life as well.
May your Herculean effort prevail!!
Damn right I AM! #yourwithus 
WAY TOO LITTLE WAY TOO LATE Lord Rothschild @realDonaldTrump @CNN @jpmorgan @timespicayune @KCStar @PlainDealer @BayArea4Bernie @SenSanders
Just out of morbid curiousity, what is the logic to the accounts you've tagged here? Why, for example, JP Morgan?
I am letting morgan know by @ ing them that MORE than a "few ppl" KNOW about The Bank for International Settlement's Ownership of Planet
Get help Bernie.. Seriously get help.. Your weak you sold out your supporters to Hillary and Soros has shit on us. 50 times a 11.5 billion..
MINIMUM wage in Australia as of today $695.00 a week just increased by $22.00 weekly

Dream on, Bernie.  Not going to happen. We have a president fighting for freedom and choice, not government control of all. #lovemypresident
Sir, you've never been anything but a lifer politician. And not a very good one at that!  Should have stuck to acting.
Spewing communist propaganda to the youths. Typical fascist tactics.
Everything worth something takes time
Go Bernie! I got your back!
Raising the minimum wage to $15 hr would make babysitters unaffordable for middle class families & single moms!
@paulgreenemedia Be part of the solution, not part of the problem! Let's unite as a country! Stop dividing and obstructing!
Thank you sir!
It can't happen overnight cause you stopped it by supporting @HillaryClinton  JS. You got robbed.
Lol. Says the man who let Crooked Hillary overtake him in an election she and the DNC rigged. You're too weak to lead a political revolution
Would your "Medicare for all" contain comprehensive abortion and birth control coverage?
The Revolution is female.  We are not side issues.
Your momentum stopped when you sucked the teat of the @DNC
Bernie....you are truly an inspiration. Not one corrupt bone in your body. Voting Corbyn tomorrow. Onwards and upwards 
why aren't you president?  You were the best candidate!
The political revolution already happened--Donald Trump!
That said, I was very disappointed that you went along with red-baiting. We need peace, pragmatic cooperation & to stop being hypocrites.
Sadly the platform's meaningless if it's just lies. We need someone who's been unwaveringly passionate about those platform items 4 DECADES.
Nope.
Man, speaking in complete thoughts expressed in coherent words...
Common sense
He is clearly not writing these tweets
@TheresaSchroe14 @chasmurphy813
Yeah & Ure going 2 loose cause us Trump supporters r ready 2 take all u Lyin murderous cheating liberals on!We will succeed & u will go down
@walks_o -Sanders and idealism to naive youth who don't know Watergate-Kefauver Hearings-McCarthy era nor apparently Mussolini era @Ralfoo7

@cnn @Msnbc @NYTimes @WashingtonPost @Abc @CBSnews @NBCNews Where's reporting on Bernie's wife under FBI investigation for Bank Fraud
@POTUS_ say it again Bernie!!!
Where is the press on Bernie's wife who is under investigation for Bank fraud !!!!!
Delusional #BernieSanders thinking momentum w Dems after being decimated in election jst 7 mos ago.
How much will taxes go up for single payer and how will single payer manage bloated domestic pharmacy costs and growing cost of care?
