I am still waiting for my trickle down from when Ronald, and George W. told me I would see it.
You wont because Obama spent it, sent it to Iran
My ten-thousandth dollar of income is taxed at exactly the same rate as your ten-thousandth dollar of income.  What's the problem?
The #GOPTaxPLan is criminal. It takes money from those who need it and gives it to those who already have too much!
When someone stacks newspapers to the ceiling they are a hoarder.

When someone stacks money to the ceiling, they are successful.

#WTF
Why don't you idiots take an economics class and buy a brain cell.
Been an entrepreneur my whole adult life and given over $70k to charity in the last 5 years.

Check your assumptions!
I repeat; what any American earns or how they spend it is none of your f***ing business. Good for you! Keep it to yourself or give it away.
And yet they can't cite a single place on earth where that concept has actually worked. Boggles the mind.
Sanders you are a communist,I fought against communism,you or people like you will never be in power,thank god for our constitution.
Followers of Bernie, read the tax policies from JFK and Reagan and how the economy grew. 

Bernie is banking you don't know your history.
Starting with Reagan the middle class started disappearing.  Get your facts straight
Exactly!!! Reagan's "Voodoo economics" ruined the 80's for a lot of families...
His palThatcher did the same for us in UK. Her chickens coming home to roost now. What a mess. Look what Tory tax cuts are doing here! awful
No tax money no police and fire personnel, no infrastructure, no maintenance on public lands, no national parks...
What I don't understand, is how do Tories and US Republicans think their precious military gets paid for?
His tax reform would help millions of people
No, it will help the few people that have millions.
Have any of you read the bill
Yes, have you? And I mean really read and understand it, I'm not even going to try criticize it on Twitter, would take all damn day...
But the over simplification of the tax code leaves to many questions, and the impact on the working class extremely underdefined...
Not to mention, the idea of this tax plan generating jobs is a gamble at best, where as deductions incentivize job creation and expansion...
And aside from all that, the tax savings on the average person or family is menial at best in comparison to the wealthy...
Not to mention the fact that there is no information here as to how these conclusions we're drawn, what assurance is offered on any of this
Trump and his billionaires rule the country.  America is no longer the land of opportunity. It's the land of living pay check to pay check
And what was it two or four years ago?
Hi from Australia.
Reduction in tax  without addressing inequity is window http://dressing.Like  your intelligent  insight of issues
Bernie,the economy is not a zero sum game,the pie does get bigger,those that CHOOSE to participate, prosper, those that CHOOSE not to;don't
Every time a con man says "believe me" you know he's lying....
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDTeMNhuPTc …
He works on the correct assumption that if you say something enough times, enough people WILL believe it! He's a  full of !
So true!!!
Here's that idea debunked. "If you give the rich more money, they will create jobs". We have money NOW! How is that working out?
https://townhall.com/columnists/thomassowell/2017/05/01/tax-cuts-for-the-rich-n2320748 … though I'm sure you'll just write this off as republican propaganda 
Bernie, you need to fire these morons writing your tweets. These clowns don't have a clue what's going on here. But then, neither do you.
Thanks for some truth. People who want tax cuts are unpatriotic and not worthy of our great country.
You can be patriotic and send the govt more than is required of you. Get all your friends to do the same.
Grateful for these millionaires who think about others and tell it like it is
Thinking about others is sweet. Do they pay them? Pay more then required?
Does anyone know what Vice President Bush called this in 1980? Anyone? Something-d-o-o economics. " Voodoo" economics.
Stop Bernie the USA is a Democracy, our economy is Capitalism if you wish to live in a socialist fascist or communist country please go to 1
U do know that the founding fathers of our great nation who wrote our constitution made the USA a democracy based on capitalism right? #MAGA
I wouldn't put too much stock in the founding father's judgement. They lived in a very different time.
Yes well what they set up has been used successfully for 241 years which is why people come to the USA to live all the time #TrumpMAGA #USA
._. Yes, lets ignore all the changes they had nothing to do with that makes said country so preferable.
The FACT remains the USA has always remained both a democracy based on capitalism the reason we have the American Dream u need to work for
Things change.
You are the voice of reason.  Please run for president in 2020
Favorite line: I am a Patriotic millionaire and that means I believe in funding our country
Nothing stopping him from doing so.
This makes me so happy! Liberal millionaires unite against trump!!!
You realize they have done nothing. There is nothing stopping them from paying more in taxes.
Aren't you being investigated along with your wife for bank fraud?
Not sure why we should care what millionaires think in the first place. Be careful not to take your coalition-building too far.
Yeah on second thought it makes sense.
Aren't these the people liberals are blasting for "not paying their fair share?" You know why? Because the #taxcode is F*** up
Yet liberals blast the 1% for not paying their fair share.
HALF THE COUNTRY PAYS LITTLE TO NO INCOME TAX.
They don't make enough money to require payment. They do pay plenty of other taxes though.
As do we all, but what's relevant is our income, and how much we give back to the government.
Again, 45% or so do not make enough money to pay income tax, while Health Ins. CEOs get $50K every fucking day. What's fair?
Yet they pay a lot in taxes, and perhaps be paying more if the tax code didn't have so many exceptions. It's why the high corporate tax rate
The final sentence from tRump is the only truth he's ever said since he's been in the WH!
I’m middle class and my taxes went down 
Keep spewing your lies, cult leader.
Nice to know that there are some rich people who are honest!
Most of you have no idea how it works and just supporting this because its anti-Trump.
It's about better tax redistribution instead of 'just helping' the millionaires/billionaires. Expect rising income inequality under Trump.
he only looking out for his an his family pockets.. Shame on him!
Trump's tax cuts to the rich is nothing but trickle down economics. They've failed before. The rich's wealth stagnates with them.
Again Bernie shooting off big commie mouth 
Question, if you are a millionaire would you want to be taxed heavily? 
Socialists are parasites
If ya took 5 minutes to read Trumps tax plans you'd realize the middle class is getting a tax break
How can you have tax cuts when you have a deficit of nearly 1 trillion?
You can't piss on a flat rock and tell me it's raining ..... just sayin
God bless you for truths.
Again, your math has a hole in it. When loopholes are gone, everyone will pay a flat tax. How can that be unfair? The rich already pay 80%.
My question to you Bernie: Are you patriotic when you try to push socialism onto this country?
I especially like the 'deficit is gonna skyrocket' remark. Like you people give a rat's ass. Look what Obama did with it and you said nada!
WTF! My Aunt was self made Millionaire Gov didn't help her get it & she died they took half F##k that it was for her family 5 generations!
When the government takes it the poor don't get it ur stupid if u think u do it goes rite in politicians pockets houses cars & so on NOT U!!
these Socialists are free to donate all their money to the government, but they don't...why is that?
This is raping the American working poor and middle class. This man is pure evil and those that stand by him are no better.
Anyone, including millionaires can pay additional taxes if they want. There's a space on the 1040 for it. Walk the walk, don't talk.
And I'm sure they do. But CAN doesn't matter when greed is involved.
The last number I saw was for 2012, and there was just over $12,000, in voluntary over-payments. That's less than a quarter per Obama vote.
Sorry, $12,000,000. Not exactly walking the walk.
All the more reason to raise the tax rate on the super wealthy so they don't have a choice.
Rich own everything. Tax them, they pass the cost right back to the consumers. Good luck with that. You advocating price fixing too?
Clearly lowering taxes on them doesn't cause them to pass on the savings does it? Doesn't create more jobs either.
Maybe less government spending, so we don't have to ask anyone for too much of their hard earned paycheck, whether they make $ or $$$$?
The captain of our ship of state is no philosopher
That means ILLEGAL EMPLOYMENT!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10156729667708327&id=801943326 …
Ok why don't they give back the money they get from tax cut to the poor
You know, I am tempted to call Trump the devil, but I dont want to offent the devil cause the devil aint THAT bad youknowwhatimean.
Even the Very Rich know that Chump is a fraud
I work for the 8th richest man in the WORLD. Do you think cutting his taxes is going to trickle down to me? I"m positive it WON'T!!!
The Drumpf is literally a spoiled inheritor of wealth and look how that turned out.
Nobody forces these idiots to file a tax return with deductions. Just file short form see what you wind up paying
Google the reform plan, then tweet
I just want to know how safe would you be if you cause people to find a way to survive???? Raise taxes on the poor if you want...
@NateSticco
Reagan tax plan started the demise of the middle class.
TRUMP LIES AT EVERY TURN,ANY REPUBLICAN WHO VOTES 4 THIS SHOULD BE VOTED RIGHT OUTTA OFFICE IMMEDIATELY!!!!
Do you support keeping the state and local tax deduction for YOUR millionaires? Democrat hypocrites!
If #45 says the tax cut is best action for me I'll bank that it's the worst
Unfortunately these millionaires are a minority. Wealth addicts like Trump will not and cannot understand this philosophy.
It all depends what Congress does when they fill in gaps. Who this tax plan really benefits is still undecided. Don't believe the hype.
OK coo!! I just found it compelling that millionaires wanted to give their money away to help the middle class. That resonated with me
Yes. I think most people are good people, regardless of income or anything else. 
SpotOn! Because REAL Pro-Growth Tax Reform puts Money into the hands of those that will spend it! https://www.cnbc.com/video/2016/03/09/wall-streets-wisest-bernie-sanders-is-best-candidate-for-economy-.html … #ForTheMany
If any of you “socialists” still support Bernie you’ve already discredited yourself and have given up the privilege of being taken seriously
Why is Bernie tweeting about tax cuts? He pays the bare minimum in taxes and is a “Socialist” millionaire!
#oxymoron
I love how they’re complaining about their taxes being cut when no one is stopping them from paying more taxes 
#hypocrites
A well regulated trickle-down economy may have had it's place at a certain stage of history, but it is not working now and that is obvious
When the Purge happens, he and his family will be the first people we go after 
PA numbers based of $60,000 a year SALARY.

Someone making $550,200 sees $60,000+ for avg tax savings.
@mellow_elephant even the WEALTHY are saying that Trump helping the wealthy at expense of the middle class & poor is wrong
What use is it making yourself slightly richer if it makes your customer base significantly poorer Robert?
Wealthy Republicans only see short term...what's in it for them and screw the country
Do these people realize they can write out a check to the US Treasury anytime they want?
Dear dem millionaires, if you are not happy with your light tax burden, donate the difference to govt. **cricketts**
Videos like these are so stupid and prove nothing. You could find people of any class/wealth to say literally anything. "Raisins? Hate 'em!"
I'm truly amazed, the people would defend a millionaire who vaguely thinks of them as people.
Let’s just see if it happens
And not from OUR Medicare! This administration is a clear and present danger to the citizens of this once great country. MAGA my ASSA!
The fact that @realDonaldTrump goes out of his way to say that he won't personally benefit from the tax cuts...WHAT. A. JOKE.
Plan doubles standard deduction but eliminates personal deduction...do the math
Are they wealthier than the president? Do they know more about taxes than him? I don't think they do.
What a surprise more tax breaks for the 1%
it's amazing someone ran and became president and did all this all just to make himself and his family more powerful. Greed
United States workers stop working til the government gets it together. Mitch and Ryan did it for 8 yrs.  we can do 2 to 7 days. U wanna bet
Being a millionaire in a world of scarcity is to be a murderer by default. 
As one of the poor, thank you.
Watch this @shilinz
Makes me sick
But the government paying for free college doesn't increase the debt????
Shove a pickle in it bernie. Dirty deli man.
what middle class?
By the time Reagan left office the Treasury was taking in 2x as much.  Not his fault Congress kept on spending like drunken sailors.
What right do you have to take from one person and give to another?  It's their money, not yours or anybody else's.
If you want to see how the liberal’s plan works, go visit the cities that have an all Democratic government. Like Detroit, Los Angeles...
What do you expect from a lying twisted puppet?
DO SOMETHING ABOUT GUN CONTROL!!!
I just want my check to read "Tax Relief for America's Workers" so that I can feel good spending my $112.
that is one way of looking at it. but if you pay 35% on all the income you earn. then why should they be taxed again
If they need something to do with their extra money they can payy off my student loans
Never let me DOW N BERNARD. FULL OF HATE AGAINST AMERICA, IT'S PEOPLE, IT'S OPPORTUINITIES. YOUR HATE WILL  BE YOUR DEMISE. HOW DO YOU SLEEP
How many dead or suffering do you have to step over to be a mill or bill onaire?
But that's how you win elections nowadays, by buying it. Only millionaires can afford to run for public office!!
the problem is, Trump thinks someone making $300,000 is middle class
These are some stupid ass rich people.
#TrumpisafuckingMoron
ending the estate tax has long been the holy grail of the super rich... the brass ring is within their reach... fight this one like crazy
I'm from Kansas it will take us a generation to fix brownbacks tax cut failure. Please don't put the rest of the states through this.
It was patriotic when Obama did it, though
Just wondering if these millionaires really feel the way they say in the vid. They talk but will still take the cut @ tax time anyway, so...
These ppl are honest. In US the best tool for making money is money. The richer u are the more u benefit from the system. 
As you know, we don't need tax cuts, we need increases to pay for the infrastructure we need, and that investment will do great for economy.
This could lead to civil war.
A LITTLE LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE AT THE BACK
D
Yet another case of DT lining his own pockets. Everything is about him in one way or another. Despicable
I was given an important book in 1998 called Globalisation of Poverty.
Watching this made me terribly sad.

And being forced to pay taxes to a corrupt government is patriotic?
Put it in the stock market & create jobs while pushing up the value of middle class retirement funds. Better than handling it 2 politicians.
racism & capitalism are fraternal twins conceived by their wicked parents greed & lust! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is like Judas= treacherous!
AFTER INVESTIGATION TRUMP TRAIN DERAILS TRUMP AND ASSOCIATE'S TRADE ROLLEX'S FOR HANDCUFFS GO TO PRISON
Millionaires like you, you sad old fraud?
FUG TRUMP
Todays cuts are proof that they are out to Kill the poorest and put the their taxburden on those making more than $100k a year
HOW IGNORANT CAN AMERICAN'S BE?? THIS IS BULL CRAP!!! WAKE UP AMERICA!!! JUST FOR THEE WEALTHY,. ESPECIALLY FOR TRUMP AND PEOPLE LIKE HIM!!!
HELP 'S FOR THE WEALTHY,. WAKE UP AMERICA,. SMELL THE COFFEE!! STUPID SMOKE SCREEN
Makes no sense to tax the poor; tax the wealthy. Don't tax income; tax assets.
Guess @realDonaldTrump is the only greedy,un-american,bastard who just wants to steal from the poor & give to the rich! #WorstPresidentEver
I support all gun control! I also support preventing fake attempts to aid mid class by repealing inheritance tax on rich!Don't even pretend!
The middle class has ALREADY been paying a higher % than wealthy, Trump, Romney, large corporations..
And we who are middle class know this and feel the pain for many years, aren't we?
You know what puts a tax burden on the middle class? When more than 50 million Americans pay $0 in taxes
These wealthy people are the minority. The remainder want all our money.
By the way you are wealthy because of the hard work of the middle class. Maybe think about raising pay rates
We have seen that when trump ends a statement with, "believe me", we shouldn't believe him.
@princedavidii
Let’s be crystal clear we don’t benefit from this tax plan just ask Kansas how it worked for them, they reversed it to save Kansas.
@realDonaldTrump The American people are speaking, let me guess, "fake news" right? Please resign before we return to the 1800's again.
Well said guys, Respect
Thanks for sharing this video.
Wish everyone in America could see it.

#Nullify
#ReVOTE
For the man who said he'll put the tax cut he gets into the stock market, how about donating it to charity instead?
Trump might want to be careful about the inheritance tax. His family is a little greedy and Trump may have a fatal illness sooner.
I wish!!!!
Thank you Senator Sanders and Thank the Millionaires who stood up for the middle class.
Why don't they just give us their money then?
And all of these millionaires have every right to give more money to the government, I am sure they all feel the govmnt would spend wisely
How can a country elect a man so heavily invested in business to lead on business policy changes is beyond me
#trump so full of crap his eyebrows are grabbing hair roots to keep from drowing!
No sht they don't want ANY OTHER millionaires.  This is all part of maintaining the top 3% that you are complicit in.
See? You can be both wealthy AND care! Thank you! #notallrichpeople
Taxation is theft.
#thank you
@GOP @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @WhiteHouse @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @POTUS —VOTE NO!!! The middle class deserves better.
Wealthy conservative politicians continue to legislate for the wealthy & powerful ignoring the average Americans rights & safety.
trump i dont belive you  tillerson right you are a Moran
and thanks to you, it'll probably happen... get lost, #Bernie
It's exactly what he PROMISED HE WOULD NOT DO!! Yet here he is yet again, breaking his word (lying). What a horrible man.
what about u, hypocrite Bernie? when r u going to hand over bank fraud $$$?
Tax cuts never helped middle-class.  So, he evades revealing his taxes while lining the wealthy pockets. Priceless!!!
Trump’s a money hungry shyster and the stupid people of America elected him!
What he said!!!
What a bunch of unpatriotic monsters. They could have sent checks with their surplus income to the treasury, but decided to be rich instead.
Another cagada!!!
Encouraging. Wish congress & staff billionaires felt the same way. How can I post on Facebook?
they can donate extra money to the govt if they feel they should pay more when they file their taxes. Don't need a law. Pay more
Thank you. Those people showing that they're ON HUMANITY'S SIDE, should be an inspiration to others to do likewise.
@krystlemalloy
This is a great video
Hooray for them (and for you), standing up for Humanity! I've always been poor, but I agree with them and would if I was super-rich as well.
Rich enough to be liberal!
May we please have a link so we can share this on other social media sites as well?
Top 10% of the earners paid 68% of Federal taxes
Hear hear!
Interesting
but he's doing it solely for himself.  Look how much of the taxpayer's money goes to his golf trips. people complain about those on assist
notice how he says "It's good for me" first. Yeah, then he says its good for everyone. It's called paying attention to the small nuances
 being talked down to by rich people who want to help poor. They all have big smiles because inside they r saying thank God its not me.
The Walton family just got richer.....boycott Walmart
House passes $4.2 trillion budget, sets up tax cuts for the rich and guts Medicare, Medicaid
What idiots... They all are.. They all have money...
Lets get this out to all voters.
Talking points with no fact based analysis ,once again ,Bernie talks about things he knows nothing about he just doesnt want to pay tax,MAGA
The reason you created a hateful anti-democrat cult by promising Free Stuff to gullible folks is because as a millionaire, you & Burlington Jane want these tax cuts too. That's why you helped Trump win by smearing HRC, refusing to concede & contesting the Convention.
Everything Frump is doin in office is to benefit himself only....fuck trump and his blind supporters
Once again, truth be told.
The Russian destitute,Trump wants to get rich like his master Putin who gets rich at the expense of people.Ruffians ! Vultures ! Keep away!
This is the  only  reason  Trump  ran for president  to avoid his tax at tge expense  of his voters ! Will they wake up to him now?
There’s never been tax cuts like T’s talking about, because they are tax hikes that still result in cuts ed, FEMA, EPA, etc etc. Not wall!
Bern, your idiotic statement shows you HAVEN’T even read it! Typical LEFTIE, complains and bitches without the facts! Read before you speak!
Thank you.
Thank you to all who participated in creating this message! So well done! #ProtecttheTruth #LasVegas #PuertoRicoRelief #GunControlNow
Hoping you lazy people will wake up
Middle class income tax may go down a bit, but we will pay more in state, sales & prop tax. More toll roads, higher water/sewer bills, etc.
Lots of trollbots commenting on here!
I don't need a lot of money. A small apt. Car that runs. Again not lazy just disabled. Have a child and in the new admin SNAP went 125 2 $19
I agree with all that this video says except repealing the #EstateTax. Yes, it prevents rich dynasties, but it's still double taxation.WRONG
@charlene_rallo 
GO AWAY U SPOLIER. WE HAVE TRUMP B/C OF U
