I support universal, affordable, accessible, quality health care as a right, not a privilege. #MedicareForAll 
A healthy democracy should have a healthy citizenry.
Except you do know that there is a lot Medicare does not cover and many seniors and disabled still can't afford to get the care they need...
We're looking for an Improved Medicare For All system that would cover everything. Check out Single Payer Coalition proposals
Dems couldn't mouth the words single payer during the ACA mess. Now look. Thanks for helping to clean house as well, Senator.
We hear you talking!
Any problems it bring can be fixed....and it will be nice not to have to pay CEO's in insurance companies big salaries.
Why have no Dems run on Single payer? If it's so good why haven't you run on it?
he did, during the election.
Not Sanders Dems, sanders is socialist.
democratic socialist
You have a lot of idiot friends. Just who do you think will provide this healthcare right you claim, and who do you expect to pay for it?
Great question. Oh wait, every other country in the world has figured it out. And they are not bankrupting anyone.
Says who? Those countries with far lower populations charge greater taxes, and don't have a constitution prohibiting it.
Our constitution prohibits health care?
Government run healthcare. You should study up.
I'm too busy. So VA hospitals violate our constitution. Who knew?
Do you have no more cute attempts to defend members of congress openly violating their oath of office.
Make healthcare free and make Bernie pay for it.
Thanks
I support it also and I also support all senators and government appointed officials to take pay cuts to be the ones to provide the funds

We love you Bernie. Your the real president.
That's not true
Nothing is true!
I hope you plan on this type of insurance for yourselves! Look at the government run VA! No single payer government run insurance!
Socialism is not welcomed in America! Bernie, move to a socialist country and leave us the hell alone
Single payer is a buzz word for govt control of health care. Govt is not qualified to manage this and never will be.  Need options.
Medicare is currently run by the government and not many complain. Improved Medicare For All like Single Payer Coalition advocates is best.
When can we get a CBO score on this fiscally suicidal proposal?
Let's look at the facts first. This would actually be far cheaper when all is taken into account.
Will it be traditional Medicare 80/20? Some can't afford even that. 20% of a cardiac surgery cld be >$100k. What abt long term care?
My understanding is no. No copays. Just 100% coverage and the taxes to pay would be far less than what we now spends on premiums, etc.
You pay your bills Bernie? Is that part of the socialist plan run up the bills and never pay. Wife giving you lessons
It's worked great for more than 50 years in most of the world. Keep your taxes toward war, I'll have mine go for this
Where is it working great?
Australia,  England , France, Britain,  Sweden...
All mentioned have increasing capitalist leanings
Nothing wrong with capitalism, but take the epipen as an example of why capitalism should not be involved in healthcare.
Not a whole lot of government programs run efficiently not sure why people think this will be different.
All this is, is replacing greedy insurance companies. The hospitals and doctors remain the same
 
True leadership from @SenSanders
Thank you Senator Hirono
I will pay MY fair share as long as YOU do Bernie. Oh wait YOU wont pay the municipal police agencies that YOU owe. Hypocrite!!!
Even with health insurance to see a doctor is slow, expensive and frustrating
This bill is my only real hope to ever walk again.





What is this Rusia. Venezuela or Cuba? 
Who's paying for this? Will Congress also be included on this
Save the fact resources are scarce & cost money & you've yet to figure out a better way to distribute resources than free markets capitalism
Thank you for hearing our struggle. America is behind you!
Mahalo Mazie!
I'm a Republican for health care as a human right...where are my party peers? #Crickets
Hey Idiots Medicare is already broke
There is no fight, allow Trump to fix it, & put his name on it. Stop going to war with Dems and reps. These r lives not a football game. 
If we can't come up with the $, is it still a "right"?
Stay out of my business Bernie.  My health insurance is off limits.
Bernie your yesterday, go away. Go kiss Hillary's ass, your good at that.
Can you tell me how the government is going to afford it? B/c I am all in if you can. TX
Canada is the place for you two eh?
Say no to single payer. No to socialized medicine. No to government run healthcare system. No tax payer funded healthcare. Say YES to repeal
It starts with education: Americans must learn that capitalism and socialism are not opposites.
End corporate welfare by redirecting taxes to benefit the people. Rather have healthcare than corporate welfare
Please stop trying to invent new "rights" where none exist
I can't afford any care after I pay the Medicare premium.  Can't have any meds either.  Good idea.  I will die faster
Left messages for both Senators Cantwell and Murray. Will do so daily. Thanks for speaking for the grassroots.
Worst idea ever! This bill will crash and burn and impact everyone
Please give up your paycheck and pension to pay for the death panel you call universal healthcare.
The only way to pay for your plan is to raise taxes on everyone, which means all who support are against tax reform.
Hey Mr Senator who was too afraid to stand up to the Clintons, please share with everyone what kind of health insurance you have?
What a bunch of ! I can't my afford insurance now, because of obama care.
How do you feel about BANK FRAUD?
http://www.dailywire.com/news/5120/sanders-was-kicked-out-commune-laziness-hank-berrien …

so why were you kicked out for being lazy?
Affordable huh? Just like Obama care was going to be right? Just another Big government play for control of your life! USPS or UPS better?
@SenSchumer you gonna get in on this??
Of course not. If he does, he signals it's an actual Dem policy. As amazing as that would be, he will never do it!
FIX THE ACA!  Stop wasting time & energy on a bill that WILL NOT PASS! Must have control of Congress to pass that.  SMDH!!
You'd need control of Congress to fix ACA, you dolt. We'd have single-payer, universal healthcare already if Obama wasn't a neo-lib puppet.
Pretty delusional. U must be young. A dolt is one who doesn't get idealism is nice but realism matters. Sanders will not be DEM nom.
lol. We'll see, Lola.
Then get congress to stop taking money from big pharma and allow the market to drive down costs.
If we stop supporting the world and all the illegals we might be able to afford this.
Bernie, such a disappointment that you took Clinton money. #SELLOUT
And no one should have to be worried about receiving payment for services they provide. Like $450,000 in services. #hypocrite
I hope you run in 2020 and run with your single payer. Easy win for Trump again. You will force us that don't vote to go out and vote Trump.
Cool story, Adolf.
"Thank you, for joining the fight" ! I thought, the Democrats were the Party of inclusion ? Trying the Us-v-Them theme how "Original" ! Shm

I just got told that even with an Obamacare silver plan one 30 day bottle of pills will be $330.  How can anyone afford that?
You r a fake with 3 homes worth over a mill, on 150,grand a year?????
Like I said before; I'm sure the retiring drug dealers will appreciate law-abiding citizens paying for their healthcare since they never did

Are you planning on paying for this with the money your wife skimming off the top
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERNIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I support people working for a living, not living off the government.  This includes all career politicians who are now millionaires. Like U
Are u willing to stop us foreign aid???
Senators @senorrinhatch & @SenMikeLee we the people of Utah need you to get behind this.  Help drive positive change for all Americans!
I support "Medicare for all " healthcare plan. If you don't than you work for pharmaceutical companies that don't want it.
SENATOR DO NOT BLAME ME OR GOD IN THIS I ONLY WANT YOU TO KNOW THE TRUTH ON HOW GOD WORKS IN THIS WORLD!

Pelosi not endorsing Sanders' single-payer bill http://politi.co/2gYuPra  
I'm paying for shit coverage I can't afford now thanks obama!
Thank you Sen. Sanders for continuing the fight.
Rather than Repeal/Replace, WHY are we not working to fix the problems within the ACA?
And please make it easier to navigate. As of now Medicare is way confusing!
So how will Medicare for all work @BernieSanders? Are you going to impose penalties if we don't use it? What about abortions?
If you had a brain you'd abort this tweet.
Socialized medicine sucks. Why would anyone want government handling their healthcare? Have you been to the DMV? The VA?
There are at least 15 countries with better healthcare than the US, all more "Socialized" than the US.
But millions of others should worry about their taxes going up to pay for it right.
Tough shit, for you.
Bernie's fight should not be about people paying for other people's health care. Reducing the how much you're charged should be the fight.
There goes our paychecks! I don't want to pay for someone else's health issues. I live a clean life. Therefore I'm healthy.
Ur idea is a total joke
I am with you all the way.
How about you create more jobs so people can  pay for their own insurance.
Are you really asking for the government to create jobs? Why don't you just ask for welfare? It would be cheaper.
Pass laws that promote growth, deregulate where needed. A healthy economy helps to make healthy Americans. Welfare is for the weak.
The rich and white dont want growth. They want money. Deregulation only helps the rich get richer, offering jobs that pay less and less.
Doesn't Hawaii have the highest number of people on welfare? Of course @maziehirono would support more free stuff.
bernie is gravity.
I worry every day. I have medical bills. I'm not on welfare and I work. Any help for me bernie?  How about you pay me bills?
We love you Bernie uncle Bernie 2020 doing God's work for decades!!!
5 more in the last 24 hours! Let's keep it going! #singlepayer #FlipTheSenate
No one should have to worry about Senators like you Bernie. Sponsor TERM LIMITS
This supporter of universal health welcomes "Medicare for All" moniker, vastly preferable to, more marketable than, "single-payer health."
No one should have to worry about Bernie bros but yeah we do! Thanks St Bernie. Where are your taxes? Why no release when U stayed in?

If that some one has squandered their money on vacations and cars should they still be entitled to have their neighbors subsidize them.
Absolutely.
It seems to be punitive to the more cautious members of our society if their sacrifice is being given to someone who was more frivolous.
Sorry, bruh.
Don't apologize to me. I treat my body like shit and spend all my money I'm really hoping I can get a free ride someday!
That's the kind of spirit I can get behind.
As it should be.
Keep up the fight for universal healthcare!
It's not a right or a privilege. It's an expense that someone has to pay for. Do something about the cost of care. Not cost of insurance.
I agree about the expense thing, but you have to be crazy to think the cost of care is not linked to cost of insurance. -a physician
Cost of care is related to insurance company's  and lawyers.  20 minutes with a patient and millions of  $$ for the malpractice insurance.
What field of medicine are you in? You don't sound like you've ever seen a patient. Or you are getting sued anytime you see a patient...
Obamacare failed... Now this...how much will this add to deficite?
You think the ACA & Opioid corruption problem is bad now...keep going down this road and see it devistate the US.  Free Market! @POTUS
Bernie the fraud.
single payer system will not work if people do not take responsibility for their own actions;
#TermLimts
Settle down Bernie, you're going have a stroke. How's the immigration reform bill going - or are you leaving the actual work for others?
Right on! Everyone is joining in to support the old 20th century idea of single-payer! About time 
Not everybody
Amen Bernie Amen! Don't let  Hillary get to you ignore her
Two radiology preventive exams & I'm $2400 in the hole. With a silver-tier PPO. Not including physicians' bills.
Is argument about accessibility in principle or current affordability or lack of it in US these days?
yes
Good job Bernie
For what?
Bernie, don't u think the time is now to join the Democratic party? You will make more of a difference if you do!
Hillary,Hillary,Hillary,Hillary, Hillary, Hillary, Hillary should be sworn in imidiatly!!
hard pass
Keep going, Bernie!  Iowa loves you! <3
Didn't Clinton win Iowa?
By less than 1/2 of 1%....and there were 6 coin tosses...all of which HRC won.  Squeaker....and stunning.

But not for the Government, right. You will have a different insurance than the rest of us, correct? Waiting for someone to tell the truth
Since Drs now refuse to accept new Medicare patients, then the US govt debt will go down. No one will have healthcare. Problem solved!
2020 Bernie Sanders
Lol .. As if
Hell yeah! No republicans are gonna go for this though.
WE LOVE YOU BERNIE!!!!!   #STILLSANDERS
Go Bernie...Go Mazie...show Americans we can pay for lifetime healthcare the same way we pay for social security.
Will never work!

Feel the Bern!
