Sir, U should've not attacked the Dems, nor Hillary, & stop diverting her campaign's resources early to fight Trump; Ur words are empty now.
So where is Hillary? I'm watching Bernie still fight in the senate for America. Where is your strong candidate, HRC?
She's in Canada scamming people to buy her book

Trump Train
Idiot Train!  There, I fixed it for you!
Bitterness will get you nowhere . There's room, get on board ! TrumpTrain 
I'm doing quite fine, being wise and smart! I'd rather walk than ride with idiots! You, on the other hand, showed true bitterness by
Bernie you have no pull dude. You must get permission from Hillary & her mafia. Remember like when she booted you out easily & nobody cared
Ok, then please explain to me why these so-called DREAM-ers walk around protesting with MEXICAN FLAGS in their hands?!
if white people can be proud of their European heritage Mexicans can be proud of their Mexican heritage
Sure they can... IN MEXICO!!
Really?
Yes Really. If the Mexican flag is your flag then go wave it in Mexico.
Mexico is so great to them, that they refuse to live there... Talk about irony...
Mexican culture food and the people are great, the government is fucked. We're proud of our heritage but not our government.
Change it
Drama! brainwashed to use the colour of skin card  lets make a deal, keep all 800,000 but Mexico must take Sanders,McCain,Hillary & Ryan
I'm born and raised here. I support DACA. I pray that these young people are protected and stay here. It's the right thing to do
They can live with you and you pay for all services for them. Americans are hurting and they come first.
You don't get this, do you? They have jobs, pay taxes, have completed background checks, and are a huge net positive to the taxman. #DACA
Not all of them. Trust me on this. Do some research. Besides, DACA is unconstitutional on its face. Article 1, Section 8...
And, it is not unconstitutional until the SCOTUS says it is, & they have not ruled.  POTUS has enforcement discretion, likely constitutional
Abortion under any circumstance? That is the exact same thing Obama did with DACA: He granted a de facto Amnesty for an entire class of
SCOTUS ruled on abortion, EO would be unconstitutional.  Amnesty he could do until challenged in the courts and ruled upon. Co-equal branch
Article 1, Section 8 gives Congress Plenary Power in re Immigration and Naturalization. Do you know what that means?
How about help with the process of application.
So children of bank robbers get to keep the money stolen by their parents, right comrade?
Senator I think you have a hand in #dreamers being targeted- Hillary was the most qualified to help them and now the disunity brought trump
I'm third gen from an Irish illegal immigrant. And I will stand up for all immagrants. #americandreams
You gonna name another post office?
Then you shouldn't have run against Hillary! Hope you sleep well at night. The DREAMers sure aren't.
The funny thing is, you probably won't respond to this, because one of your aides wrote it & they only show you the good responses.
He doesn't have time for ignorant haters!!
Lots of politicians can run an put up a good fight. But they thought of what was best for the country 1st.
#DumpTrump
I wonder if these assholes will work this hard to save America.
no their not colored immigrants. Immigrants means they applied and came here legally. they didn't they don't deserve to be supported !
Understand though some migrant group s always have a bad seed within the state. people have to understand to
Why didn't you take care of this a decade ago? Because you Dems always want reasons to say you are outraged so you can get sympathetic votes
Waaa waaa waaa. Stop winning!  Get in line and get legal. Not our problem, parents are to blame
Bot  POS. Go back to Russia.
1. I'm sick of the left trying to make this about "people of color". Color has nothing to do with being illegal! Listen to an activist who
Bernie go back to your weekend. . Not dreamers fault but sure as hell is their parents. Should have applied for citizenship.
Why punish them, then?
That's not punishment, that is law. Do you reward a thief that comes to your house by giving their children all access?
@SenSanders Please I urge you to sponsor and pass the #DREAMAct.
their success funded by American ppl. parents received every free assist they could funded by taxpayers, while sending all  money back home
Dreamers have no connection to their home country. They have phenomenal potential to contribute to US. Save Dreamers! #DREAMER #DreamAct
Then should be sponsored for green cards. Trump is giving congress 6 months to pass a DACA law. Tell the Senator to get on it.
Would love to see Congress find an appropriate long term solution #DreamersDACA #DreamersMakeAmericaGreat
Happy birthday 
Amen! I pray for this women and others like her! #SaveDaca #MedicareForAll #FightForFreedom! @HumanistReport @SenGillibrand @RepPaulTonko
How about help ppl from Harvey and irma
President Trump did the constitutional thing and told congress to make a law allowing them to stay.  So, get to work and stop tweeting Bern
But you gave us disunity
It was your job all along to "do everything possible" but you didn't. Now #trump forces you to do your actual job and you flip out
He is one Senator not 60.... are Trump supporters all incredibly ignorant about how government even operates? Ever heard of Filibuster?
Excuses are all Government gives, though they take plenty
I love you, Sen.  Sanders for loving people and representing...
Come on Bernie u know the dream recipients are the parents who grew up in other countries and illegally cross the border you're spinning it
Filipino families wait 25-30 years after approved immigration for their visas, and #DACA recipients will only wait 13 years? #unfair #unjust
We should know that Trump and his fellow nazis are not going to let lesser races live in this country. They want to control everything for $
...Sanders and both houses had chance to fix problem when Obama n WH.  Trump is giving them another chance to make it ok for dreamrs to stay
They're not even immigrants!!! I don't understand Trump's fucked up agenda. I don't understand how anyone can have loyalty to him.
Country of law and order you would be locked up if you broke the law we must apply laws consistently across the board
Agreed. But it's up to the PEOPLE in charge of policy writing and enforcement to do their damn job.
Not about feelings they have opportunity for citizenship they don't care enough for America
DACA protects them til 36 they are entitled to get citizenship at 18 why would they not- so many attorney agencies counseling available
thanks Bernie Sanders!
Why is lil nancy Pelosi drunk all the time its got to be hard to remember all the lies that come out of her mouth
I love America and foremost I love peace, kindness n respect. All that do good deserve good no matter color, background, dissability.  /M
Dreamers should be in their own Country taking care of their parents making their Country great. So all can have dreams.
Very Christian of you.
You choose illegal aliens over your own citizens, shame on you and your  communist party!!
This never should have become a thing.....If here legally and become citizens awesome as long as contributing...illegally here....See ya!
Nobody is going to kick them out stop with all the over reaction
Dreamers are not a bargaining chip!
Pretty sure Trump isnt bargaining them all he is doing is enforcing the law!
I just saw this same girl in another ad fake crying 
Maybe you were just fake watching ads.

You might not like that. But if the roles were reversed so would be your thinking.
For me if I was 18 or older and I wanted to stay in the only country I knew, I would become a citizen - then I could always stay there!
That's the point. However long you've been somewhere there's no guarantee you'll get citizenship especially in today's climate.
You will do anything you can to elevate yourself politically from this, is what you really mean.
He is the most popular politician for a reason. He is the only one that didnt strive to be popular.We can smell it on the others & it stinks
Get your citizenship and you will not be deported
We all might as will say it! Trump is primarily targeting mostly brown people almost 80% are from Mexico!  I'm not sure how Trump sleeps
Thank you, @SenSanders.
Why wouldn't you do everything you can to protect the citizens of the United States   We the People are sick of paying for them
WE THE PEOPLE DON'T PAY FOR THEM. THEY pay for themselves. They work, pay taxes, and are entitled to live in the US just as much as you.
Those people cost us the American citizens money for their education, medical expenses. More illegal immigrants than not are on the welfare system
Leftist need to review their facts, get rid of the emotionalism, and think. Dreamers must have Congress establish their legitimacy.
And right wing nuts need to stop making up the facts to go their way!!
This is "the pot calling the kettle black". The actual group thinkers are the left story fabricators fueling the emotionally vulnerable.
Why don't you and the rest of the swamp do everything possible to reform healthcare and our tax system???? #DrainTheSwamp #POTUS45
Real dreams are not stuck in imaginary lines=countries.
Brazil has ruling class then everyone else it is a failed society
No...
Cool story bruh.. https://twitter.com/polNewsInfinity/status/906281011503403008 …
Like donate your beach houses?
Memory loss Bernie?
That was different. The dad wanted him back. He never lived here, just for a couple of months
Jeesh. Soo many people either manipulating or just very guillable. Thanks for clarifying. I knew there was propaganda in the tweet somewhere
I remember vividly, I passed by that house a couple of times. Not a lot of people were protesting
Saw Colbert. Take responsibility for putting Trump in WH.  You split the vote and damage the only viable candidate against him.
Actually, you got HRC to blame for that. She alienated sooo many progressives.
Well, they're just pathetically sensitive and easily alienated.
Keep it up Sandy. Youre going to be even more culpable if you keep spewing the rhetoric you bought into & cause yet another 4 yrs of Trump
I don't spew.  I think that's your province.  And I certainly have nothing to do with Trump's election.  Get hyper somewhere else.
Congress (not POTUS) makes immigration law. Get off your ass and write a bill instead of sending out tweets.
Maybe you should be telling that to your rogue ass Trump Mississippi!!
I'm not in Congress. Congress writes immigration law, not "rogue ass Trump Mississippi"...or "POTUS".  #Article1Section8 #Constitution
So why aren't you writing letters or running for congress rather than condemning someone who has done more than you or I??
You're making the point for me. He's been in congress for decades. Why is it an issue now. If he cared, it would been done long ago.
why must the illegals come 1st and not the ppl who have filled out the paperwork and keep getting pushed to back of queue because of them
We are talking about kids here. Kids who were brought he without consent.  Kids that know no other country. This is their home
No, Many of them have had years to get there shit in order,   They are blocking ppl who have done it the right way,
What you just said is completely false, a useless right wing talking point. Please stop spreading mistruth s
A taking point which is true. Illegals take jobs and places from ppl who legally want to come to the US,
What jobs specifically are you taking about? What immigrants are you talking about? Lottery immigrants? HB1 immigrants? Refugees?
As an Irish barman. Go into any Irish bar in NY. U will find an Illegal irishman working. And i am only talking Illegals.
This depicts how INANE LIBERALS R Ban Fraud Bernie is going to help #DACA Only thing He has ever done was help himself
Hay Bernie sponsor all one . seven million of them feed and clothe them,love them turn them into socialist fools like u
Bernie we have questions about your finances ....
Idiot
Put some of them in one of your 3 houses and use some of the federal loans your wife procured, and FBI seems to be leaving her alone, why?
Come to Canada Dreamer, we'll make a place for you that doesn't include fear or uncertainty. We love immigrants that have future plans.
You guys need to start with obama he rule for 8 years did not do a thing

One more thing, bern. We're gonna burn the Mexican flag. Is that OK with you?
Fasting? Oh, no! Don't do that! Please stay! Eat!
Conceding after path to nom was impossible and throwing full and convincing support for HRC would have been a good start.
Totally agree...
Reaction only. Not proactive.
Unoriginal. 'Words only' are his hallmark however.
Your people like the rest of us as far as any sound minded American is concerned -we all play an important role in humanity it's who we are

Congress had 16 years to fix this problem. Obama gave them rights not citizenship. That was unconstitutional. #deportthem #daca #dreamers
What are you currently doing within your power to stop US from funding terrorist Saudi govt's continued genocide of #Yemen?  @LeeCamp
5 Democrats voted the Dream Act down. Why don't you tell your constituents that.
"Colored immigrants"? Look, I support protecting Dreamers from deportation, but that's just ignorant.
FINALLY YOUR GOING TO DO SOMETHING
Thank you for all that you do. You are the BEST!!!!
Senator, please educate the public about DACA requirements. People are asking why these young people have not yet applied to be citizens.
Scaring Dreamers that have been told they are not being deported-that's just cruel political spin. U care? Do your job, period.
These kids should have had their citizenships long ago. Any other programs are a waste of time and public money.
Maybe you can name a post office after them
It's terrible what the dreamers group are dealing with.this is why the public are getting furious of what Donald Trump did and get them mad
Jose do u know Sanders and both houses failed dreamers when Obama n WH. Trump giving it back to them to pass law! Dreamers will be excempt.
media can use a crier!
Bleeding heart fucking liberals. Lawless bastards
If I was an Immigrant I would be asking myself is coming to the USA worth it anymore? There is always Canada with better health care...
They have a stricter immigration policy than the US. I can't immigrate because I have an autoimmune disorder.
There are more hoops to jump through but we definitely welcome people of all backgrounds. Canada = Multicultural
Funny. I was denied ability to immigrate due to an autoimmune disorder. Canada discriminates too.
He will bankrupt colleges http://to.help  you but
What would he do to help Americans?  Give
Their jobs to daca

An art installation as seen from the US side of Mexican border
I feel so sad
Thank You Sen. Sanders
Thank you, Senator. As a retired educator, I can assure you that these young people WILL contribute to society if given a chance.
Sure you will Bernie, sure you will.
Thank you and happy Birthday Bernie!
Bend over Bernie has something special just 4 U
More action less talk please help these poor young people
Canada may not be the country they call home but we will gladly take every registered DACA applicant. Let's see where they are in 10 years.
We will always love you.
rock on bernie.. how's that 3rd house treating you after hillary just blamed you for her stealing your nomination?
Love you Bernie 
You have already done too much in dividing the party.
Thank you! This is why we love and appreciate you!
U tell em Bernie #ushouldhavebeenPOTUS
Thank you @SenSanders
Thank you so much Mr.Presi........damn I wish you were president.
End #DACA . IT'S OBAMA'S CACA
Thanks for doing what is right!! It's so unfortunate that they have to live with this uncertainty that they could be thrown out at any time!
Mansi you do realize it's up to Bernie and associates as it was few yrs ago under Obama to reform immigration. They can excempt dreamers...
Why don't you do the job you're suppose to be doing instead if doing illegal crap!!! You are nothing but a traitor to Americans.
Thanks Bernie. All the best

Can you tell me why either Congress doesn't do their job,  or these dreamers have not worked to get their citizenship.
That's the problem Bernie DACA was supposed to be a temporary solution not a permanent status. Pay out of your own pocket Bernie.
You can't. Do anything but nice late speech. Go back to your beach house Hillary bought you !
I'm a pretty dedicated capitalist but I admire and support your devotion to human rights. Fight on Bernie!
Ur no capitalist
Sell your houses, buy an island, start your own socialist country there, call it New Venezuela, and see how many DREAMers are drawn there.
Means you will force American citizens.
Thanks pass a bill allowing them to stay. You have 6 months @realDonaldTrump said he'd sign it.
Only so you can pad your voter base! You might want to give more attention to helping those going through legal process,so can stay in USA!
only a matter of time before someone says "color" "race"! Why aren;t you saying what it is? ILLEGAL in the country!
Time to get out you broke the law its pure and simple. Impeach sanders
can we sue Obama for starting this crap?
I wish we could.
It's legal vs illegal period.
Shut up old man, u betrayed ur supporters by quitting, Data is history, way to go Trump
The only hope they have is trump to make them legal or not. The rest are bullshitters including Sanders. He has been a senator forever.
You can go with them @SenSanders you have been a leech long enough!
News flash Bernie if "dreamers" had legal status 44 wouldn't have needed an over reaching EO to grant them Amnesty.
#ProtectOurDreamers
you should be ashamed of yourself Bernie...#phony
Why are democrats mad about this. It is a pure Democratic legislation. I, as a conservative, is mad he wants to make it a permanent law.

Well Bernie, between you and your liberals colleagues & Obama you did a pretty good job creating them..
THEN, DO YOUR JOB BERNIE. It is up to congress to legalize these dreamers, but we know congress can NOT do anything right. bernie knows that
What about Jamiel Shaw he had dreams. He was killed for having a Spider-Man backpack. Why don't u defend Americans Bernie?
Thank you and hope that all of you on the side of Dreamers win.
he needs to be hung from a tree
Washington State has a lot to be proud of. The AG for Washington State has sued Trump on a number of issues.
I think they should apply for citizenship and get the ball rolling in that.
DACA only allowed people to live as citizens, but there's no way to meet the requirements for citizenship while under it.

You should help protect the credit information of the United States people.
Happy birthday Bernie!
Bernie were you born or made a drama queen?
Thank Goodness Trump hasn't been left to his own ignorant, blinkered devices.  This defence of migrants shows democracy is still alive in US
Interview them all. If they're criminals send them packing. If they're law abiding people and not a burden to US taxpayers legalize them.

I am disgusted with this administration's fear tactics....Dreamers are Americans!
Ah, no Dreamers are not Americans, that is the issue!
Ignorance is bliss I know... you can't help yourself.....
But they were brought here as children, why should they pay for a crime they didn't do? Put yourself in their shoes. Really, try it.
It's nothing to do with either. It's about a president illegally overstepping the constitutional role of the executive branch to create law.
Boy Bernie has a memory problem! When he had the chance to give amnesty to 11 million He, Clinton, and then Senator obama VOTED NO!
How do you expect Americans to support you when you clearly prefer immigrants?
There R serious flaws 2 the #DACA Program & you know it! Most R in their 30's now, they are not kids! @POTUS was right now its up 2 Congress
Praying for all dreamers.
Pray they get a safe trip to were they belong!@
I can understand possibly a go-forward law but they should grandfather in those already in the process
Lmfao they now have 6 months to prepare their departure byebyebye #EndDACA
This is sad.
Should have thought of that before tearing the Dems apart.
All Americans before judging DACA need to do there Research. These children and young adults are educated and cotibute to communities.
They don't sit on they're buttes collecting wealfare like a lot of Americans do by choice not necessity!
May it be his last. Next Communist!
I stand with you Bernie!
That means he'll do nothing, but talk about it!
Are you kidding me, really bad acting.
...except dropping out early enough not to you know....

So will we
Why should children whose parents enter the country illegally be protected by the same law their parents broke.  Total nonsense
We're all bargaining chips lady
Thank you for your assistance with the United States, you are no longer needed. Please leave your politician badge and gun on my desk.
IT'S ABOUT ANOTHER #VOTERBASE RELYING ON #GOVT #HANDOUTS! IT'S WRONG FOR #DC TO BREAK #SPIRITS LIKE THAT! A LION WANTS TO HUNT - NOT BE FED!
to a psychopath like Trump, EVERYONE is a bargaining chip
Law breakers... nice
Hey, bern. Is it OK if Americans pick & choose which laws to obey?
Hate ..................................................................................................Administration
Give them citizenship, free college, free healthcare, free housing,free food, everythings free!! #socialist
They know they can be deported anytime.  Enough is enough.  They need to go. They've been educated by America anyway. They have skills.
Thank you!
Hi bern. Any homeless Veterans in & around your 3 houses?
Happy Birthday Bernie!!!
They're fasting?  These people are stupid. If you don't support me I'll starve myself.  Oh yes that will work. Get deported
Watch the woman crying in this video,  she's reading a cue card.
I dream of having a vacation home on a lake.
Happy birthday Bernie!!!!!
Oh now it's important. Decades is what you've had. You HACK!
2. lives in Los Angeles named Ted Hayes, who gives the truth. He says illegal aliens are marginalizing black AMERICANS there! Our gov't
...you didn't protect over 2 million immigrants deported by Obama. .shame on you 
...hypocrite
You can Bernie let's save these kids
If a senator doesn't know the difference between executive order and congressional law / consequences it's no wonder there's confusion
How about making them legal citizens?  Willing to do that?
You should of been president of the USA 

For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!
Also, liar, most dreamers are in their 20s. These are adults now, and they have had plenty of time to get their immigration papers in order.
Too late old man. You already made it happen. Thanks for giving us Trump.
Can't wait till those 15 States learn that Obama wasn't God or congress! But sometimes You have to learn the hard way! Wasting taxpayers  $
Sanders knows the immigration laws just as well as any other politician. he knows what needs to be done.
Sanders is playing politics and is full of shit. If he gave a crap about DACA he would be working across the aisle to get this done
But you couldn't find the way to not get trump elected
Why did you wait until now to say something Bernie? Their plight is your fault not Trumps. You should have changed the law under Obama
Talk to your congressman The #daca ball  in house of representative court No changes will made to #dreamer status for 6months.Then call self
Didn't you mean U will do everything you can to protect the illegal votes that will be LOST if DACA is put on the shelf?
Do your thing Bernie!
