And the dumbing of America continues!  This is disgraceful. We need an educated society if we are ever to get out of the mess we are in.
But 45 said loves uneducated What better way 2 keep them that way than 2 eliminate access 2 it When will 45's base admit were wrong #nosheep
Are you serious Amber?  Where do you think people should go to get an education?
& where would that be private schools home schooling like they don't have an excluding agenda. More not less $ needs 2 b
How would that be conducted? Not everyone agrees on Core subjects that should be taught in schools.
Stop demozing rich people. My father works 10-14 hours a day so that I can have nice things.
If your father works like that he's not rich.
Trump works about 20 hours a day and he's really rich.  Epic fail on that argument Peebles. Work, not entitlement, creates wealth.
You realize trump didn't work for his money, it was handed to him right? His father gave him a small loan of a million dollars.
yeah, and he turned that into billions with years of hard work. Like @marcellebarkley said, he stayed up an average of 20 hours.
Years of hard work<
20 hr work weeks<
PICK ONE
We may have won that battle, but we've got a war to fight.. a war of ignorance & misinformation.
I don't understand why you're so concerned about billionaires getting tax cuts. It seems you hate them more than you love the poor.
He wants to be a billionaire. He's only made it to millionaire.  #wealthenvy
What we need is someone who is gonna challenge trump in 2020 and give the ppl what they need
For the people
Scott saunders 2020 donate and I'll go for it
Not Cool!!! We.NEED better education !!
You would have won if not for the DNC rigging the election. I have no desire to reunite with the Democrats. They are not for the people!
No one in their right mind wld unite w/Dems after seeing this video exposing @DNC's primary rigging w/MSM collusion.
Thank you for showing me this video! The DNC is so unbelievably corrupt it's mind-boggling!
I had not seen this either. Wow! Connect the corrupt dots! Someone should make sure the Judge presiding over #DNCFraudLawsuit sees this.
No one can watch this documentary & fail to see that HRC's @DNC, not Russia, interfered in the U.S. electoral process & got away with it.
Oh I completely agree! Although I was personally already convinced (affected witness) the whole picture really comes together in that vid.
Hillary Clinton! Really Mark? ok. Mr. Sandees! love you bro!
keep giving stuff to non citizens  that will help  NOT
And Devos is about as much use as Udders on a Bull.
So you're getting a tax break @SenSanders and you don't like it??

Only 43,000 signature signed let's get on the ball people there's only a few more days left need a 100,000 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SethRich https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/868619692067479552 …
so pay more then 13% in taxes pay your far share
You should see how the Pedophiles operate Vermont.

Just Ask Leahy......

I refused to shake his hand. (Never Know Where They've Been)
investing in the public sector is not charity
(1)After fiasco of "no child left behind",yrs.later,we face DJT's choice Sec'y De Vos,critic of public schools.
(2)Trump supporters realize his growing failure 2 his voters;Millionaires chosen as Cabinet heads
(3)Flynn chosen by Trump),despite other's warnings re his Russia connection.Flynn has 2 b fired by Trump!
(4)Tillerson,EXXON,picked by Trump to b Sec'y of State,no press on trips,large number State vacancies left open.
(5)AL Trump picks Senator Sessions,proven & well known racist bigot,as AG.Public outrage!
Add ur favorite names to Trump's "Gallery of Trump Rogues".His ridiculous picks 4 important positions.
#thisistheGOP at work, tearing down American institutions and redistributing wealth upward. Austerity is only for the middle/lower classes.
That's exactly what they are doing. And Trump really is a stupid man. His wealth was given to him, not earned. By inheritance
People make up the Electoral College.  Are those people clean or were they influenced by Russia as well?

Had my fun bro..I'm done! Won't bug you again.
Comrade,when you ease up taxes on sm & med businesses, they  can hire more employees . IIt's called capitalism. Communism=poverty for all
It is a shame . That body slam by Gianforte is definitely symbolic !
Dude, you pay only 13.5% in taxes and live off the working class Americans. Shut up already.
Really Bernie. You own 3 houses. When you're living in your car I think you can make a statement like that.
@DCraigUSA I'd like to ask- do you think it's bad for people with money to fight for those who do not? I think it is great!! 
I don't think it's great if politicians take money from lobbyists. It's not in the best interest of Americans.
Agree
I was typing in another person named Mark & your name appeared..so I had to chevk it out. But no worries curiousity didn't kill this cat. 
Sure you don't mean #oilgarchy? :)
..feeling that '45' wants an 'oligarchy' system here in America.  His admiration and adulation of the Russian system is NOT American.
Economic growth more likely when wealth distributed to poor instead of rich https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jun/04/better-economic-growth-when-wealth-distributed-to-poor-instead-of-rich?CMP=share_btn_tw … @GuardianAus #economics #equality
Well then Bernie! Be an example! Pay more taxes, let's say 80%, and give up all but 1 of your homes. Then U can ask others to do the same!
How so???? Clarify...
Back your claim.
Keep them dumb by wreaking education,
give them an enemy to fight,
feed them to the cannons
bearing USA-made arms
(payed for by taxpayers)
And keep money flowing to the Clinton Foundation.
And all the others holding stock shares in the military industry.
It's having the middle class pay for the killing industry.
What you see is what you get, when are these people going to learn?
They cant locked out of school
Good one @joeyratbastard
We need heroes to stand up for America!!
THIS is the United States.
Absolutely!!!!  Folks outside OK are just seeing the tip of the iceberg with these stories.  Thank you @SenSanders
Guess you should have stolen more then 10 mil from taxpayers through a bank then...not Sachs and Gold but still stealing from Federal Bank.
Hmmm, sounds just like a certain Tory manifesto. Learn this lesson in advance please UK. #VoteLabour #VoteCorbyn
Even as the DNC defecates all over him, Bernie keeps repeating DNC talking points.  Brilliant strategy, Bernie!
Bernie is simply an inflamer. You really have no message left. Time to get out Bernie. Or help our country!
Tom Rutledge made 99Million yet he won't give union workers a fair contract .We are striking to fight  off deep cuts to pension and health
The photograph is misleading (misrepresents) the article. Should be removed.
Hey Hypocrite what about private sector.
Open your eyes look at the democratic RACA violations in our last election! You are just a partisan hack!
Bernie, wake up! Tax cuts are for everyone! Just more obstruction for the white left agenda!
Yup and in California it's your Democrat cronies who are doing it to us.  Gas tax increases, gov referring to taxpayers as freeloaders...
Heart breaking. My job as a theatre teacher in Texas was cut due to the budget this year. Under this administration it will only get worse.
While your shitty band of followers stay complicit in burning down the country. Anytime you feel like being a leader, that would be nice...
You really like the word "oligarchy", don't you? 
Now What? Let GOP KEEP STEALING OUR ELECTIONS? O. GOP Will Make It LOOK GOOD. It'll B Close. Why Worry When THEFT WORKS WELL? Not Ur Problem
Real Story, Bernie? USSR GAVE GOP Codes 2 FLIP VOTES. How Else Could ALL WW POLLS B WRONG? Theft. http://sean-case.github.io .  Shows THE HOW.
Factually incorrect! American politicians,public sector & hyper corp-monopolies strangle the people. Beware of career politicians like Bern.
Exactly!  DT is so obviously the 'starve-the-public-enrich-the-billionaires' president.  If only he'd campaigned on this platform.

@Shogannai love the great Dr, Hunter S. Thompson. If only he was alive today to cover Trump. Would be print media gold.  Keep heat on Bernie
You took 10 mil from the tax payers what the heck are ya wining about.  Was it for the 130 mil Chinese bridge that ends in a dirt field!
Local revenue problems have nothing to do with Trump.  Btw, his tax plan is a progressive reduction-giving a higher rate reduction to poor.
No matter much we give schools they pull stunts like getting rid of toilet  paper, four day weeks if they don't get tax increases they want.
Global capitalism is inherently, grossly unequal and there is nothing we can do about it. Trying unions, tax increases and jobs will leave.
Wake up West Virginians
@SenSanders states-We should give free education to university students & free health care to All Americans! Then we could feed the people!
And notice the heifer on the left outside stuffing her face.
Thank you for bringing attention to important issues happening all across this nation, Bernie! You are even looking after #Oklahoma folk!
I can't believe THIS is happening in America. My God...
Do you have any kind of integrity,soul? #SethRich lost his life avenging the DNC, Wasserman-S and Hillary on your behalf.
Bang on right!!! Deprive the needy and feed the greed of the filthy rich.
Bernie, where the hell are all these white privileged class BILLIONAIRES YOU keep talking about?  Do you mean HOLLYWOOD entertainers?
Where the heck would someone STASH a BILLION DOLLARS anyway?  buried in their back yards?  Under their beds?  Please, where is the BILLIONS?
Maybe in BANKS that LOAN MONEY to WORKING CLASS to buy HOUSES and CARS?  In companies that EMPLOY people in PRIVATE SECTOR?  In YOUR IRA?
From what I see, MY return on MY TAXES being spent on EDUCATION is NOT a good return on investment!  RESULTS = No more FREE SPEECH!
More houses for senators!!!!!
I need funds. Trump is forcing me to get a job & I need funds to purchase a car. Please help me. I've never had to worry about a job before
We the people better protect are selves education is key to success
Please save us from trump before he starts a nuclear war.
President Trump; Gives saudi Arabia $110 billion dollars, but takes away the poors food stamps and medicate at the same time!!
LETS REMEMBER WHO WAS THE CRIMINAL POTUS! OBAMA VIOLATE EVERY AMERICANS 4TH AMERICANS RIGHTS! A FELONY OFFENCE! HE IS GUILTY!
Liberalism is a mental disorder.
Gotta love the trolls.
#OKLAHOMAXCORRUPT yes it is!
And this is why there has to be a thing called hell.
I have not heard the word tyranny are we getting close?
How much have you suffered financially since being in congress?
This is called 'eating your seed corn.'  The future is being stolen from our children and grandchildren in the name of avariciousness.
Thanks Bernie, you should be President!
Bernie, first of all this is still from the liberals. Second it's memorial day. Time to honor the soldiers. Not complain
When did the 'proposed' federal cuts go into effect? If there were more honest & business minded politicians states would make a profit.
And the US becomes Russia 2.0!
YES ASK YOUR FACE BOOK MAN ,HE HAS BILLIONS 
WHO DONATES TO YOUR PARTY
TAKE 70 % OF FACEBOOK PROFITS
SEE WHAT HE SAYS
TAKE 70 OF HIS SALARY
YES YOU GOT YOUR 2 , MILLION DOLLAR HOMES ,
DNC GIFTS FOR LEADING THE FLOCK TO SLAUGHTER,
70 % TAX MAN
What is Congress doing? (Other than approving @BetsyDeVos)
Disgraceful!
@politico @HuffPost This didn't start yesterday. It existed during the @BarackObama Presidency.  I don't recall seeing Tweets from you then.
Fail.
Many of our schools in the Kansas City, KS area closed out the year early because our gov and Trump apologist didn't fund schools correctly
State robbery is ongoing!
Trump's budget is divided into two categories: life and death.  Cuts to Edu and DHH while massive spending on DoD.
then DAMN IT,,JULY 4TH,"WE THE PEOPLE" MARCH ON D.C. TO SHOW CONGRESS ENOUGH PARTISON BULLSHIT,WE WANT ANSWERS,ALL VVOLOR,RACE ,CREDE,,MARCH
Why do the people of Oklahoma allow this to happen? Why aren't they in the streets fighting for their kid's education?
#deplorable !
And the Democratic establishment silently goes along - selling us out with each passing hour.

We are divorced from them - never to return.
It is no different in #OZ
Trump and his minions care nothing for the poor, women or children. All they care about is lining their own pockets. Sad, so sad!!
The people in states like that really need all the educating they Can get
Its what the RICH that was always doing this all the time.  The RICH can less as long they what they want.  Am sick of it! USA Ret.
Exactly
Our country  South Africa is captured by the Gupta family making billions of dollars while the countries peoples don't have basic needs
Yes sir. Bernie's the truth.
Mr.Sanders, WW3 should be between the top 1% and the rest.
My grandchildren in Park Hill OK had school only three days a week this past year. Why is that ok?
What happened to #ShawnLucas ?
If you're such an honest upright man, you should be talking about his death still unsolved &asking questions.
You and Obama killed the state's industry Trump will fix it

while Adelson gives $100m Rump & $30m Scott Walker fixing voting machines, u shld c the LV DMV it's like an Indian gov office (been in)
Way to go OK, showing the world how unsuccessful GOP economic policy is by shutting schools to give billionaires tax cuts.Look at CA model.
America is a "powderkeg" of pent up frustration involving the "slow death" of the American Dream. While bored billionaires play with matches
Democrats got handed $8 trill, 3 rounds of QE, and ZIRP for 2 terms, and you're trying to say it's the GOP's fault?
Same old crap. Same same
Glad at least some top US politicians started 2 openly acknowledge th US system degenerated into OLIGARCHY (not 2 be confused w democracy)
Bull Crap...try something new, something real for once in your long worthless wasteful career as a politician.
Oklahoma is getting what they asked for when they voted for Trump!
i live here. i am out of ideas and motivation.
Why should anyone have money they earned taken just because they make more?
When people stop voting against their own interests maybe things will change
Are saying this after 8 years of Obama????
Disgraceful.
Just match this with four day work weeks, at same pay.
Maybe because the public sector turns everything it touches to shit? You are #badatbusiness bernie, no wonder you let the dnc rob you.
He does love the word "oligarchy." Picked up in Russia, no doubt. I could write his tweets for the last year. Broken record.
We are so screwed in OK. Gov. Failin cut property taxes when she first got in which has led to hundreds of millions in budget shortfall.
And it was only a tax cut for properties of 500k or more. She also gave massive subsidies to our cash crop, oil, making it a non cash crop
Yes the public sector needs more money Bernie  ... meanwhile, in hypocrisy land, Bernie is paying a 13% tax rate and owns 3 homes 
Love ya Bernie, keep up the Fight for America!!!
In other words, when government takes from you…
scary af
Because we cling to political parties incapable of independent thought, we are our own worst enemies.
No one Voted for this Re-Election PLEASE!!
Bernie Sanders is a LIAR.
Bernie, give it a rest already. Not many still buying your B.S.
We will not support communism so the elites can have 3 houses.
Donald trump, making America great again, for himself and his ilk.
Blame the rich-tax the rich. So obsessed with other ppls Money!
#Kleptocracy
So why should we pay taxes? Govt=Business don't pay taxes, spend our taxes for more $$$$
This practice continued under President Obama's 1st term. The Democrat supermajority could've reformed the tax code and social legislation?
@politicangst
oh good. Dual income families get to spend more on childcare while their kids get a shitty education. #MAGA
Just how poor are you? How many people own 3 homes one with a private beach! Why don't you pay your fair share? Pay up
@SenSanders The hypocrite
The OK Council of PA commissioned a civic ed poll 4 public school students, only 2.8% passed the citizenship test
Wow
After leading the world for decades in 25-34 year olds with university degrees, the U.S. is now in 12th place.
I bet most American's can't name 12 other countries that could be in the lead.
And think, you are a MAJOR reason we have a president Trump right now you tax cheating slimebag! You were Trump's parrot in 2016!
How's the wife Bernie?
Probably getting ready for prison haha
Oklahoma... where kids and their education are less important than tax breaks.
Okies vote republican just like Kansas. They don't get it at all. Brownback destroyed the state school system and treasury. Dispicable. Evil
I keep hoping I'll wake up from this nightmare Dallas-style and see President Sanders.
Thank you Bernie!
We are still standing up! A storm is coming.
Public sector needs to go on a diet of rice and beans for a bit, while the private sector is treated for tape worms.
Time 4 the poor 2 rise up with pitchforks & retrieve what's theirs from the rich! Pitchforks time
This wouldn't happen if we didn't have federally run and mandated schools.
Democracy turned into a kleptocracy. Greedy billionaires stole the country from us! Shutdown their propaganda machine #BoycottFoxNews
#ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow
Hillary Clinton is BOUGHT and PAID FOR by Wall Street

And Bernie Sanders endorsed her
The sky is falling #chickenlittle
Coming from a guy who wants everything free, has 3 houses, honeymooned in Russia, and whose wife is under investigation.
You don't understand Bernies agenda anymore than I understand how ppl could vote an incompetent into office & then dismiss the MSM.
Oh, ok?!
You should be president. I'm sickened the DNC rigged it for her, and Seth Rich was murdered trying to expose the farce. DNC needs reform bad
Rachel Snow is impersonating Vladimir Putin on a Facebook account with her friend and she admits it!  Can you imagine if Russia gets word?
what this will do to your precious investigation...she admits she opened a false account with her friend impersonating a foreign diplomat?
Isn t that the sweetest thing?  And she s proud of it too!  Thinks she s done nothing wrong!  Only makes look D.C. look like dumb.
In case you didn't know Mr Burns....YOU ARE PART OF THE OLIGARCHY!!! #BuyAClue
wait until Devos gets her way, you think it's bad now...
Next they'll be telling us that public education isn't working and must, like health care, be phased out.
TRUMPSTERS ARE SUFFERING THE MOST SO WHY ARE THEY SO MUCH INTO HURTING THEMSELVES AS TRUMP REWARDS SAUDI ARABIA AND RUSSIA ?
They are starving to death and fighting to the Death in the streets of Venezuela. Because they followed Socialism...
It's sickening. @JimInhofe @EPAScottPruitt there is a special jail cell in hell for these guys.
Shame on #GOP & Trump for supporting only money, not the people! #VoteOutGOP2018 #DrainTrumpSwamp #SupportPublicSchoolPrograms #SaveUSA
Well, you only have to look at you highly corrupted 75,000 page IRS tax code to figure just EXACTLY how that happened!

cc @POTUS
Trump supporters are going to get SCREWED by him and will still blindly continue to support him.The U.S. in its entirety is getting SCREWED
