milton friedman get bodied
Oh my goodness. Milton Friedman would put bernie in a body bag. Bernie just spouts free things on the basis of people he thinks are
Incorrect, as Milton is as dead as his dumb ass ideas
What is dumb about his ideas? I'd like to hear
Pal, I seriously doubt "nosocialismus" is going to fairly view any critique of trickle down economics.
Well enlighten me
Fundamentally, trickle down economics is based upon a behavioral model that has never ever proven itself out.
Yup, tried that with Ronald Reagan and it didn't work then either
Yea it has been the norm since 1974 but Trump was trying to right the global shift.
Your answer is Venezuela politics for all of us ?
If you think trickle down economics works for anyone but those at the top I guess I could just pee on your head and tell you it's raining.
HEY BERN @SenSanders hows that lake house?
Compare @BernieSanders earnings, ethics & his stances on issue with those of  #HillaryClinton's and/or #Trump's! 
Surely, if I give a rich person some more money, in the end he will give me back more than I originally gave him, right? Right??
Thanks for your vote to vote to improve the flow of opioids to all. You and the rest of Congress should be in jail.
Said no one living in America today... Bernie, have you seen the stock market, the unemployment rate, or the numbers of jobs being created?
Unemployment rate has been dropping and stock market rising for last 8 years. Look into it. Current regime gonna screw it all up I am afraid
When the bottom fell out in 2008 it only could go up. 8 years later it recovered. Since Trump won, it has set 53 records! Winning!
The trajectory didn't change though. It's would have set those records with anyone maintaining Obama's path.
You mean 'working for a living '?
Bernie aside, do you think trickle-down works as means to fuel US economy?
Explain what you mean by trickle-down. That term hasn't been used in 30 years. Except by opponents of fair and simple tax policy
It's used all the time and distinct from fair/simple code. T-down is theory that outsized breaks for wealthy fuels eco cuz $ spent not saved
Then no, I believe the impact of that would be marginal. Are you asserting that is the theory of the proposed plan?
We saw what a failure it was under Reagan.  It was not just coinsidence that the middle class started shrinking and the rich got richer.
Ehhhhhhh...Wrong! GNP and Personal Income both increased significantly during R.Reagan.
Between 1980 and 1990 upper incomes increased by 18%, middle class by only 10%.
So, let’s redistribute wealth, right? Gov’t Control of Production, Education, Healthcare, Housing, Food, Water, Communications... B.S.!
If you are against redistributing wealth, you should be against these tax cuts. They redistribute wealth from the middle to the upper class.
Restore our productivity, improve the economy, increase employment, control overpopulation, use wealth produced for education & Soc programs
Shrinking the middle class and increasing the deficit.
I also admit that corporate ethics are a joke, anymore. Banking industry turned into piracy, and they got a govt pass to do it.
Sanders ,no one cares about your opinions. People in your own state say you are a nut case who owns a goat.
It didn't work for Reagan either.
It was tried during Ronald Reagan's Administration and it didn't work then either.
Just saying it doesn't make it so. Average GDP growth per quarter under Reagan was 3.64%.

2.5% under Ronald Reagan; however, federal deficit as percent of GDP was up throughout the Reagan presidency .
This President is and has been incompetent for Americans or there well being. As well breaking ties with our allies. 25th fits.
Reagan & Bush tested trickle down we need to do Norway or Sweden or China economics some socialist economics to the USA
We have more socialism in our economy than pure capitalism.
I am still waiting for Reagan's "trickle-down economics". It seems all it trickles down is poverty.
So is socialism. Show me any country that it works with besides scandinavia
Um... Scandinavia isn't a country.
You are a fraud
With 4.2% unemployment & record stock market, why give billions to the rich. Doea anyone really believe were all gonna see higher wages?
How to talk like Bernie:

" We need to X. Those who do not support X are abysmal failures and will lead to the deaths of millions."
Trickle-down doesn't work. Most of the money stays at the top.
If "Job creators" need a tax break, then make sure it's after they create an actual jobs, not before.
When corporations save $ they dont drop prices. CEOs get richer. Mexican slave labor hurts poor Americans in construction & factory jobs.
Bernie needs more taxes to give away more.  It's time for a tax break for all!
Bernie. Ask Bill Clinton is trickle down economics work. His presidency was the direct beneficiary of it.
Bernie, is this why tax cuts and similar tatics by Reagan and Clinton gave US nearly 7% increases in GDP? Socialism is an abysmal failure!
Trump has embraced the same theory that the Dem party—into which you are leading your hapless supporters—has embraced since you first joined
EVERYONE needs to read "No is not enough" by Naomi Kline.  What is happening is not good. People need to WAKE UP! @NaomiAKlein #wemustleap
You wish Bernie! U want more gov./telling us what to do/dictating our live/NO THANK YOU
venezuela is truing out YOUR ideas.  VENEZUELA IS FAILING
Worked for Kennedy and Regan!
Quiet leave go back under "  Liberal" rock now!!
and marxism isn't, working well in North Korea and Venezuela. Fly Bernies Fly
Sanders all you do is Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah stop it and do something useful!
You are right about one thing. Trickle-down economics isn't actually an economic principle. Just a political buzz term.
This thread gets to the root of it.
Hive-mind: has anyone compiled a list of organisations whose authority supersedes national governments? Get in touch #EU #IMF #WorldBank etc
It can't trickle down from someone's pocket. Unpaid workers don't get paid when you claim bankruptcy!
A fraud, kind of like Socialism is Bernie?

And your #Socialist plan has merely caused the deaths of 100,000,000 people
Economic rape has been legalized since Reagan & continued by @TheDemocrats too. A self-destructive policy for all but the 1%.
We learned this 10 yrs ago when '01 and '03 Bush tax cuts added trillions to the debt, didn't create ONE job, and helped bring on recession.
Bernie and Hillary should team up and work together again mock election  Obama can help    Ppl  need to See that they Are still bad news
Bernie reminds me of Ross Perro  quitter except Ross actually had plans and showed them   Bernie has ideas nothing  proven  same old Bernie
Spoken by someone who's answer to everythg is make it free.   Give it away. How about coming up with an actual plan and present  or u quit ?
Abysmal Failure should be on DTs business cards.
A short video for all!
#LearnMMT #Unite4aNewDeal
you are the fraud
You tell 'em Bernie. We want the govt to make our economic decisions - that's a winner. Govt is incredibly efficient & good with a dollar.
A disaster waiting to happen. Lets crash the economy again & limit opportunities for hardworking Americans says Trump & his swamp buddies.
Mr. Sanders, and Socialism? A proven track record of abysmal failure wherever tried. Margaret Thatcher's quote, is correct. #TermLimits
But socialism isn't? ??????
Bernie, it's been a failure since Democrats and Republicans got together and made it happen 35 years ago.
Wait...no...I think you are describing socialism
You don't know anything about economics  You love Cuba and Venezuela!  You are a socialist!  You hate rich people!
We tried this before, it's a joke!
For the love of our people...@SenSanders keep after this jerk and get him out ifniffice
It didn’t work as s result if President Reagan’s tax cuts and it won’t work now.
No it isn’t the Laffer Curve works. He should be a Nobel laureate: https://danieljmitchell.wordpress.com/2011/11/06/a-lesson-on-the-laffer-curve-for-barack-obama/ …

You know less about economics than Veblen, Marx, Keynes, and Krugman (all of whom are discredited), so, PLEASE, refrain from commentary.
Your economic theory of socialism is a fraud and an abysmal failure...so is trumps.
Bernie is not for socialist economy.  So that fails you
Bernie you exaggerate and fear monger in every tweet.
A fraud and failure like your presidential campaign
Neither does socialism you fraud... Go bail your wife out of jail.
Buh Bye
hell yeah Bernie
My my, and your proposal has failed the people in every country that has followed the Communist philosophy!
Your economic ideas of theft and redistribution are immoral failures. We need real capitalism, not this government/corporate collusion
Neither does the "outsourcing" of the DNC Democrat party work for ordinary citizens. Obummercare designed to crush the middle class.
Reagans policy dropped inflation from dble-digit increases to 4% in '88, unemplymnt dropped from almost 11% to 5.4% and ended the recession
Fraud is a good way to put it. 65-19.
Tricks down never occurs. it is always trickle up phenamenon where the poors man money goes to the pockets of wealthy
Put on your yamika and go have a beer with Harvey W.
I don’t think GOP politicians really believe their own propaganda...@realDonaldTrump might tho.  Word on the street is he’s a moron.
Reagan tried it and it failed......
Bernie, UR the Fraud with all your homes and your wife's hands in the till.  U don't have a clue about economics, just a leftwing elitist!
1 your lying 2 even if it is true it's still better then socialism
Socialism is a fraud and a proven abysmal failure!
You say it like it is Bernie!  please keep the pressure on the government for the people of Puerto Rico who continue suffering from Maria
And your socialism economy is?
VT tried single payer. It failed
Still better than socialism and redistribution of wealth.  Will give 3/4 of what you own?  Fuck no you won’t.
That’s hilarious coming from an avid #socialist - the list of socialism’s failures is murderous and disastrous. Move to #Venezuela already!
GOP strategy: increase military spending, tax cuts to the rich “to create jobs” busting the deficit then “responsibly” cut social spending
Query: is the GOP stupid about economics or are they just lying their butts off .. again?  Trickle down is a proven failure.  Heave ho time.



The term "trickle down" economics doesn't exist in any economic text books anywhere. It's a made up pejorative for useful idiots.
As are you Bernie

oh Bernie SHUT UP. We are not Stupid We recognize the GOP tax plan from a few years back, reduced to fit on a page. THIS IS NOT Trumps plan.
GDP is higher than expected and the stock markets the highest it's ever been, stop lying to young adults about free tuition for a vote.
Middle class is prosperous when corporations r taxed 90% like in the 60’s. They expand, create more jobs, don’t hoard $ orpay execs millions
Bern, under your buddy Barry our economy suffered, the stock market suffered and interest income suffered! Why were we better under HIM???
did it fail?
Sad thing is the people knows what the GOP tax reform is a giveaway to the rich in which the rest of us will pay for it & still lie about it
You thought Hugo Chavez policies were sound, Bernie.  you don't know what you don't know
#TrumpResign 
.

..

..

..

..

.

Ps /

#TrumpResign
You call people morons and puppets, but you liked and retweeted yourself? Lol nice.

You are a parrot and a sheep.
Not what the stock market is saying!
We saw your plan in action in Venezuela Cuba and every other hell hole in the world
The last 30 to 40 years should be proof enough that trickle down economics doesn't work. Maybe he hopes that people have short  memories.
The part where it states, helped the very rich is what trump is planning on.
Because socialism has worked everywhere?
A fraud WOW what a nice thing to spout and say ?  Your parents must be so proud of you Bernie, enough already
Bernie, go away with Hillary. Your too old and you don’t know what your talking about, like you know it all but you don’t know shit. Retire already
Give us one example where socialism has worked Bernie. Just one!
It worked great for Reagan and a hell of a lot better than any socialist experiment has worked anywhere in the world.
won't matter if your pack doesn't stop Top Dog's wrecking ball to democracy world peace environment women's rights cyberbullying etc
Clinton presided over the best example of it. Until he blew up our economy and housing market.
Giving the rich money, WON'T expand businesses. Businesses expand because of INCREASED DEMAND. Middle class buys more -> business grows.
Many have tried this before. Rich get richer and the poor get poorer GOP had better wake up before we have nothing
Trump is a Fraud and abysmal Failure. Mr Bankruptcy
Unlike all those countries where socialism works great like 

1.
And you have embarrassed TAX THEM TO DEATH.
Ever heard of a place called North Carolina? KS failed because of useless pass throughs, NC gained a budget surplus. Noooo muh trickle down!
Very much like trump himself
States tried single payer it failed by not even being able to get off the ground
I think you meant Tinkle down economics
Yep. I felt that tinkle.. Not a fan of it. 
I'll never get the stains out
How do we invest in necessary infrastructure, innovation or anything else if there is no money coming in from taxes? #trickledownstinks!
I believe that we use a combination of debt, inflation, and fiat currency (i.e. printing money.) The last balanced budget was in 2001.
We already know that Reaganomics only made rich richer. SAY NO to #trickledown!!!
But not nearly as big a failure as each of the Countries that embraced the Socialism you dream of though, and that comrade is a fact
Atleast he succeeded in something you failed to do, become president of this great nation #Trump
Bull shit, Bernie! You are a fraud! Stop pushing your socialistic agenda for spoiled brats to get free college, and increasing our taxes.
Just like you’re a fraud. Stop with the hypocritical statements. Socialism sucks
failure? we the people r happy with the stock markets, gdp, unemployment, n booming economy. where r u, where have u been?
"Trickle-down?" More like "rapid nosedive into oblivion" if you ask me.
And your ideas would destroy our personal economy . worse then Obama.. Pathetic little man
Bernie for president in 2020 please
Why not just go to Venezuela. They have all those programs. Its Bernieland. Dino Dunce
Venezuela is a beautiful country. Things aren’t that great there right now. Under Bernie Sanders, socialism could triumph in US
Why aren't things great there? they enacted all of Bernie's policies! I just don't get it. Same with North Korea. Why are they failing
Sanders erroneous nasty attacks on POTUS shows no resect to that office shows low life character on his part
Respect
How very apropos 
Both Republicrats & Demoglicans have tried it for 4 decades. EPIC FAIL! Income & wealth inequality is now as bad as in 1929!
It's too bad the people who need the most help keep buying into their story!
...says the 80 yr old socialist.
I seem to remember a little plan by a then Reagan that too failed
most americans know this, trump needs to be erased
The trickle down economic policies of Reagan, Bush and Bush have led to the top 2% getting richer while the rest of the country gets less.
Thats inherent to capitalism, not trickle down economics.  You would have to tax the rich at immoral rates to stop that from occurring.
Hey Bernie, are you feeling alright? Trickle-down economics is from the 80's!
If you only know one tune, you keep playing it even after everyone begs you to stop.
idiot.
And Dems have tried taxing people to death and that hasn’t worked either. Look at states like IL and Ct that are going bankrupt.
Fraud! That's a word your wife understands huh!!!
Recently retired Judge Richard Posner, a Reagan appointee, also asserts trickle-down is not effective policy.  GOP is lying to America.
Please retire to one of your mansions. You lost. Go home.
Doesn’t work
There's no such thing as "trickle down economics".  Saying so is a fraud and an abysmal lie
If the theory was limitless, a country could reduce tax rates to zero and simultaneously increase revenue.
They know it but they don't care.  They get richer.  Time to communicate that to the Trump supporters..
Bernie have you ever done anything but live off the taxpayer all your life.What do you know about economics, I will bet not a damn thing
There is a reason the boomers lived in such prosperity, high corporate taxes!
PUERTO RICANS ARE DYING - please prioritize!!
Y don’t u stop cing negative about everything It’s a terrible way 2 live Its easier 2 take a bribe Go find someone 2 bribe  u

You forgot tweeting
People, please LOOK UP! Neoliberal policies have left many Americans behind, fighting poverty. It's time for REAL change; VOTE PROGRESSIVE!
Just don't vote Republican!
We are going trickle-down broke!
To be fair, so is socialism
You are more for trickle down financial rape, right? Literally tax the life out of entrepreneurs to subsidize your base who don't work
Senator you embrace an economic system that is incompatible with and antithetical to democracy, freedom, human rights, the constitution etal
Even if this were true, which it isn't, his isn't responsible for the major genocides of the last century like socialism.
Why do we from the US still think of socialism as being the Soviet Union from the Cold War?
I don't know. Why do you? If you think socialism is only as old as the Soviet Union you are as ignorant as you are presumptive.
You are right. I presumed you were American, my bad
I am. But I am not an American who thinks socialism is isolated to the former Soviet Union.
Then we shouldn’t paintbrush socialism as the evil of this world since we have nations successfully blending it in to their society.

Why are you laughing?
Bernie do you think socialist programs work better. Give me one example where it has worked.
It not only failed, it failed in epic proportions.  #tricklenowherebrownback
Funny, I had an econ professor who made a small fortune by an investment strategy of trickle down economics.
Simple economics for a simpleton. What do you expect?
Bernie....step aside and let pros handle the economy. You have no idea how it works. You and other incompetent liberals only make it worse.
And socialism...well
Trickle down economics is a fraud and a resounding success.  37 years into the con and lots of the turkeys still voting or thanksgiving
Go back to bed Bern-irrelevant- no money to be made here- try the corner at Walmart- don't forget your little sign. #BeggingBumBernie #maga
You mean letting the plutocrats hoard gold in their castles doesn't also make the peasants fabulously wealthy? Gasp.
But it's better than Bernie socialism
This guy needs to be gone! Vacancies in staff/secretaries leave us vulnerable. Not to mention the chaos started everyday. Irresponsible
Like energy finds like energy.
It worked for JFK and Reagan. Tripled the amount of money taken in by the Treasury. If Congress didn't violate the Graham Rudman Act
Stock market hit another high today...comrade
It helps the rich get richer at the expense of everyone else - so for THEM - it's a WIN!
Why can't Trump understand the reality that everything should be free. With 20 trillion debt, he should realize the success of gov't to date
@SenSanders  come on man. The #POTUS IS KICKING ASS. Socialist always always bring down economies. Please go look for Hillarys crimes.
It was you that was the failure, senator!
Trumps tax plan is anything but trickle down. You and your party are fundamentally dishonest. Your old playbook isn't working anymore Bern.
Coming from a devout communist.
Says the socialist.  That is an economic failure.
just like Obama care!!!!
They had to shut down schools early, they went in the hole!! Trickle down NEVER works! It just helps the rich get richer & poor gets poorer!
@SenatorSanders ! Besides pushing your "Socialist agenda" on Twitter, do you work for your paycheck ? Or are you  just collecting a check !
Supply-side capitalism has been the norm for a long time.
Trump continues to goof up the works. He has even taken the Golden Rule that has existed for centuries and changed by presidential order. $$
Socialism is a failure
Thank goodness for you Bernie!
You would think somebody in public service would at least look at the DOW before making a statement this stupid.
We cannot grow the Democratic base if we can’t relate to all of our citizens. We need diversity in our messaging. I admire you and hope you can pass this message up the chain. Thank you.
How did you get so rich.  Embezzlement?
So you’re comparing his economy to Hillary’s campaign? That’s kinda harsh don’t you think?

We’ve seen enough from this 5 time draft dodger, No Thanks!!!
