#BREAKING: Trump has decided to end DACA, with 6-month delay
http://politi.co/2gvodg5  
Not quite as cruel as Obama releasing thousands of Criminal illegal Latinos into killing & hurting many . You didn’t oppose that senator
No matter what he does you kooks say he's being ugly & cruel so"What difference at this point does it make?"He will do what his voters want.
Or maybe he wants congress to do something. DACA sounds like a bandaid. Just enough to get votes but not a solution!
Such is truth!!!
Worse than FDR putting Japanese Americans in concentration camps?
Yeah that was pretty bad
Is that "modern history"? Even if it is, Sen Sanders said "ONE OF the cruelest and ugliest decisions" not "THE MOST cruel and ugly decision"
Stop sensationalizing this. You have bigger issues with your wife. Stop deflecting
What university did you go to?
Your crazy sanders
Utter crap.  DACA had a time limit and is unlawful.
you both lost the vote ,shut your big mouth ,go home.
IT'S THE LAW @SenSanders something you and @HillaryClinton  DON'T CARE ABOUT!
@sickNdisgusted  nobody cares what Bernie thinks
You as a socialist do not know the US constitution try reading it Trump is right constitutionally to do what he did
Inaction by Congress is the cruelty.
Daca is not law so your stupidity does not help them or america
Why must you say these stupid assanine things...you know how it works!
Does anyone up in congress understand we are dying because of their agendas?
What's even crueler is how congress-even with 1/2 dems-won't impeach TeaRyan/McCnl, but make everyone suffer crazy platform.
No, congress already did that by ripping mothers away and deporting them, like how they do to American Mustangs.
DACA should have never been the President's decision. You are part of Congress, change the law! Do your job Senator!
HAS THE SMARTS OF A TURNIP.
The Fascist and Chief likes being cruel. He does not care who he hurts or kills!
Well he is a cruel and ugly kind of guy- so it seems fitting.
Oh you poor people the demo cares created kkk and white hoods now they support Antifa with black hoods and you say trump is bad .
Why their adults now they have a choice to apply for citizens rights like the other people waiting.
Nah, leaving our veterans to die is far worse. Thanks leftist and obamascumbags
Such a dufuss. Do your job on reform and they will be fine.  Don't do your job and their in for a trip to a country they don't know.
You are  right!
Trump is cruel Bernie
Bern, presidents do not make laws.  I'm glad Trump is cleaning up the mess.
Oh yea, uglier than drone striking civilians? Or uglier than Vietnam under false pretense? YOU'RE A SCUMBAG JUST LIKE TRUMP.
Awesome
smarten up Mr. Sanders.  We all know who created this mess.   Thank you @POTUS for having courage to resolve.
Nope all are illegals broke the law deport them all
It's unconstitutional as the program isn't based off of current law. Congress has the option of making a law so it will be legal
Let's go get our congressmen to do the humane thing here!
It's one of many to come.
The worst decision happened Nov 8th at the ballot box! Then again Dec 19when Electoral College did not do their job!
Not deporting illegal immigrants & not securing the border is the ugliest & cruelest thing you did to this child!
I'm sorry but cruel s what Obama n your party did creating a unconstitutional law He had 4 years control of congress n senate n did nothing
Bernie dear it was set to expire. It was an illegal EO by Obama.  Follow the law and constitution
Thank you, Senator Sanders.
Doesnt dreamer insinuate the american dream? Doesnt that require becoming a LEGAL american? If they are here to stay, finish the process
Yea almost as selfish and cruel as your wife leaving the university bankrupt to pad her pockets. Get a real job Bernie then you will get it
Totally agree, Senator Sanders
All this incessant talking.

Well, he's been working on that "legacy" from day 1 
FOLLOWING THE LAW IS WHAT HE IS DOING !!! SOMETHING DEMOCRATS  HAVE A HARD TIME DOING LIKE COMEY,LYNCH,RICE,OBAMA , @HillaryClinton 
Our fore fathers were all once immigrants n so were the trumps. What makes dumpster boy so special. Oh yeah, It's greed!
DACA - first letter stood for deferred.  It was an illegal EO signed by Obama. Now do your dam job and pass a freaking immigration Law!
He has to be in first place. Even if it is cruelty contest.

Trump saved USA from your "bernie's venezuela "dream"  that for sure.
He is the UGLIEST, MOST LYING, CRUEL AND DEPLORABLE PRESIDENT WE HAVE EVER HAD.  IMPEACH THE PIECE OF GARBAGE!!!
No forcing people to take insurance they can't afford or get fined which they can't afford either is cruel.
Links to sources people
Why? Most people here on that program let theirs expire and stayed illegally anyways.
do you really think people would let theirs expire ESPECIALLY with the piece of trash we have for a "president" nowadays?
probably
i strongly doubt it. most people come here for a better future and need DACA to be able to work so i don't think they'd let it expire
It happens a lot.
ok still doesn't beat that Trump removing DACA is a disgusting move that will ruin the lives of the thousands who depend on it
Have you done any research on its removal? If they keep it active and renew it when it needs to be renewed, its not going to effect anything
Mr.Sanders do you have the financial numbers on what killing DACA will cost each state?
Where is the vomit emoji? Makes me sick to think we've become that kind of nation. Once they are gone we'll wonder why the economy is shot.
Well he did..and you are correct! What a clueless, heartless and unbalanced individual. This is the lowest of all lows, even for him.
Trump is the ugliest cruelest Boy! It's like he's never known love the type of guy who owned a cat once... That he killed
Is your wife going to jail or did she already bribe her way out of trouble?
Why did your wife rob a college of 10 million dollars?
How's your third house doing?
So taking our first and second amendment rights doesn't count. Only Law breakers  the Parents should be charged with child abuse
This is propaganda in its purest form.
Not if you and congress will start doing your damn jobs
It's pretty cruel for @BarackObama to throw out a lifeline and never pull them to the boat. He should have sent this to congress before
Actually, this was the ugliest and cruelest decision made by a president in modern history.
I think that giving away 150 billion dollars of tax payer money to a country that generates terrorists is pretty high up there.
Always wringing your hands about something Bernie. That's what's kept you in office so long. Not your deeds
Hmm...the trail of tears, Japanese internment,  the Marshall islands...yep, passing DACA to Congress is the cruelest @politico
#LearnSomething
Hey Bernie, give up all you money for them ,i don't think you ever worked a job,you lived off the people
Bull grow up go by our laws or go home ,they live off of hard working tax dollars .If you think its unfair,

BERNIE POSTULATE EN ARGENTINA POR FAVOR
Wrong! Obama & his congress was cruel in using EO instead of passing immigration reform. You should apologize for saying otherwise
AND YOU ARE A JERK-A RUSSIAN SOCIALIST
They say it's wrong to label every Trump voter as a racist, heartless jerk, but they obviously believe in racist policy so seems fair.
Bernie, Bernie, Bernie, Bernie......ooooofff.
Really?  What about the complete neglect of the population of American inner cities. It's always more 'fashionable/hip' to care 'globally'
A decision made by an Ugly so called president He only cares about his fat cat buddies & the poor white trash that thinks he's helping them
Agreed
Um. Trump decided to follow the constitution and give Immigration back to congress as it should. Your fight is 4 communism not these peeps.
#StompTheTrump
An articulate man with a conscious speaking in complete sentences advancing Democracy full-throated for ALL- #BernieSandersForPresident2020
Go help your wife get out of her bank scandal and don't worry about DACA..
The Congress is cruel. Evidence mounts. And He stays acting out prejudice bigotry
Like he cares....that's his mission and "their" mission #maga
Easily
Your wife will be indicted for robbing folks their hard earned money. Lock her up. Hoopla!??
DACA was TEMPORARY STOP-GAP & 2-year reprieve from deportation, not amnesty, not a perm green card or pathway to citizenship.
It is getting out of control- so many are at risk of losing all theyve worked for. i hope congress can mend this-
This gives you 6 months to get your Shi# together and you and the other morons in Congress fix immigrantion
Bernie as usual cares nothing about the Constitution which doesn't give POTUS authority to create law. If you want DACA pass a law.
@Profound_Effect @politico nope President Calvin Coolidge is in the running here- he signed legislation that the Klan celebrated
You should of stood up against the system and the Dems that cheated us. You're just as much to blame. You let a lot of people down.
You get more retweets than Bernie Sanders @Trickv2
Time to start campaigning Bernie!
Shut up old man.
@lgreya @politico tell that to the Japanese sent to internment camps in WW2.  Thanks Roosevelt!
Mr. Sanders, you are completely out of your right mind. Ugliest and cruelest? Really, grow a heart Bernie. President Trump has a good one.
I hope you and your wife both get federal jail terms
Just like u in any part of government rt

Well Bernie, why don't u just move to one of those other countries that allow ILLEGALS to have more rights than there citizens
Violates 3 fed laws 1)Section 1225(b)(2)A of the Immigration & Nationality.Mem 2)Op.&Order15–22,Apr.23,2013,ECF No.58;see 8 U.S.C.§1225(b)2
Trump needs to end it
Oh boo goo Cry me a river Bernie
Maybe you and the rest of the rats in congress should do your F-ing jobs and legislate. You're all frauds and thieves.
This falls on Congress, can has been kick down road for too long Thk God #POTUS upholding our constitution #Congressdoyourjob
Senator Sanders, if congress feels so strongly then do your job and make it a law, not a memorsndum
Bernie..go home to your three houses that you acquired through dirty politics. What a two faced traitor. Go give something away

You mean like scamming and closing a college out of $10,000,000 ?  Can we say bank fraud?   I'm guessing 5-15 years
But ending an unconstitutional policy. You know, the constitution, the document you swore to uphold? Jackass.
Bernie you are a jackass everyone that counts will never support your socialist agenda, seizing citizens bank accounts and property never 
I agree with you mister Bernie Sanders no wall
*sigh* retweeting rhetoric doesnt make it "not rhetoric".
Trail of tears part deux
Oh please!
OK sure! That's worse than all the lives that Obama bombed every week or the failed promises to p.o.c.
He just kicked it back to congress where it has always belonged. I your court now, Bernie.
I hate to disagree Sir, because this is the business of our Legislature. Do your magic on them!!!
@SenSanders the biggest crybabyof our generation! I swear ain't that right @PeytonK____
Unfortunately, he did the cruel, ugly deed today. Sessions, Pence, Kobach, Republican AG's happy to go along. Totally inhuman.
You and you wife should both be locked up, thanks for accomplishing nothing
My heart goes out to all of those who will be made to suffer from this horrible decision. You have to be deplorable to be defended by Trump.
It is time for legislators to give them permanent resident status with a reasonable path to citizendhip
then maybe their parents should have done things the right way,  We are a country of laws correct.they jumped the line, too bad
1. FDR nominated KKK member Hugo Black to the Supreme Court. 2. FDR locked up Japanese Americans. 3. Woodrow Wilson resegrated the military.
No it is one of the best decisions made.

Oh please. This is exactly what we elected him to do. We will reelect him in 2020
Or how about Hiroshima? The fact we nuked the shit out of people who just happen to live there!
Die
Uglier and crueler than sticking needles into unborn children and sucking their brains out?
Yeah but 1 of the greatest things was Hillary & DNC taking you out
Trump rescinds DACA
Hurricane José threatens US

Coincidence?
I think not....
Wow worst president ever
Been here all their life yet they didn't try and get legal status?
Are you kidding me -  the decision to railroad you did not effect you?  "Cruel decisions" were made to make you look like a fool!  #Unreal
he decided, and it is ugly and cruel.
Worry about your fraud case, pal.
Shouldn't you be with your wife today in court at least on the court the truth you were involved to
I'm sorry but allowing innocent babies to be killed is pretty cruel!
Tough to be worse than E.O. 9066 but that was a democrat so it doesn't count right?  Of course you live in a 98% white state you hypocrite!

NOTE:  Trump is using the same argument @SenSanders did when he voted against immigration reform 
What about that your man Barry aka #WORSTPRESIDENTEVER violated the Constitution with an illegal order instead of going thru the Congress?
Worst since in the incarceration of the japanese in WW2.  Trump will be written as the worst president in US history. Cruel
No it is bc the house and senate did not do their job...
You have 6 months to come up with a legislative solution. Why are you wasting time on Twitter with your fake outrage? Get to work!
No Bernie I believe the tragedy is that jerks like you don't defend our nationalism and freely encourage unchecked immigration!
Nah
Wym nah?
Y’all mad Trump is sending “ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS” back to their respective countries?
Do you know what the DACA is?
Yes, do you?
I wouldn't be asking you if I didn't 
Then you should know it isn’t a bad thing to suspend it for 6 months 
He's not suspending it for six months. He's ending the DACA but giving a six month delay
