Bern, can you help me get a bank loan?
Time to do your research. Start w Rep Brady Toensing who exaggerated this in order to smear Sanders. There r many factual pieces on this
So "no" to Bern helping me get a loan?
FBI is investigating this.  
FACT.
You need to research how this "fact" originated and the real details.
What do you think about the accuracy of Bern's "22 million" people will be thrown off health ins?

That doesn't answer my question.  If millions of young, healthy people  choose not to get insurance  have they really been "thrown off?"
If they cant afford insur and this is why they choose not to have it, yes, theyll be being thrown off ACA.
Okay, we all get that..what is your answer to the problem instead of just pointing out the problem...again and again
I was going to say "If you watch the news" but, seriously they don't cover it. He has introduced Medicare for All a couple times now.
Typical Bernie solution, tax everyone more raise premiums so people that contribute nothing get all the benefits.
95% of Americans will save money. 95% of Americans don't contribute nothing. Why sell out your fellow citizens for the sake of these guys?
You know you are wrong when even the Washington post call bullshit
If you want a source that is respectable/academic:

http://www.pnhp.org/sites/default/files/Funding%20HR%20676_Friedman_7.31.13_proofed.pdf …

Otherwise have fun reading random people's opinions.
He is openly called out by Democratic economic advisors for his bullshit LOL
It's interesting that they have absolutely no counterpoints or evidence. It was sad to see establishment Democrats bully Sanders and his---
It's not throwing them off, it's giving them the option to not buy it in the first place.
No, removing the mandate, preexisting conditions, and gutting Medicaid, people will either be thrown off, or can't afford coverage.
you understand the finances of providing universal healthcare for 300million people?  Impressive.  
Sorry to step in on you there @Jack_Wyp but these people who have never read an article and mock those who have really get to me sometimes.
Read this study. Patients on Medicaid do no better, and sometimes worse than those with no insurance at all.
I'm not reading the National Review. That is just propaganda.
The quotes source is UVa. Unlikely to be a conservative propaganda machine.
I hate that I can't get to websites and see data. The curse of me. Can you guys explain the basics of the data to me?
It's not throwing people off: it's 22 million that didn't need insurance but were forced to buy it anyway, would cancel their policies.
You may think they don't need it, but a 'smart' politician certainly would. Consider consequences of not having insurance.
Who the heck wants unaffordable insurance & skyrocketing premiums? Politicians are subsidized by us under OCare with golden policies.
Prior to ACA MOC were covered by FEHBP. Now are required to buy from ACA. The rate of increase for premiums has also lowered.
Before ACA, I could cover 4 family members (myself included) for $480. Now, it costs us $1200. Obama lied and you know it.
Honestly, I couldn't care less about you. Your experience means nothing to me.
And that's the problem: when u guys are faced with real facts, you ignore them. Libs are party of feelings, not facts. Good luck to you
That's your problem. You're basing an opinion off a single experience, not a statistic of trend. And "you guys" is a stupid generalization
Yes, we need to improve Obama Care. Help Bernie, Help . All talk and no action  will not fix it.
Single payer.
Single payer- kiss 60% of your income goodbye like in other countries.  No smart person wants that.  They just wany someone else to pay.
Whoch countries pay 60%?
Austria is 45%. My brother in law lives there. Point is, by the time to add all taxes, its close to 60%.
The GOP could OWN healthcare but pushing single payer. It would be amazing. Instead they push back against the sea.
Out of the 22 m on obamacare 20 million can't afford it and aren't in dire need of medical care other 2 m didn't want it in the first place
I totally agree. Bernie isn't in the real world because he has his government insurance
He is one of the biggest advocates to give everyone government insurance. If it were up to him we would have it.
Yes, he would give us what he has!!! Funny and did he come up with someway to pay for this expensive insurance.?  He needs to give it up
Did you know we are in 7 different interventionist wars right now? Funny how we always have money for that.
Funny how people have money for cigs & booze but nothing for their own health care.
I agree but that is there choice
Trouble is that choice costs you money. People who choose not to have health insurance get care paid for by you.
We should give everybody free food medical education phones and cars and houses then this nation would be great.
If only if only people would listen
You obviously have NO clue what you are talking.There is Not 22 million on Obummercare.Try like 14 mil. and they are not being kicked off.
http://www.cnbc.com/2017/05/24/cbo-issues-new-estimates-on-obamacare-repeal-bill.html … But, who needs facts?
Only fear mongering to spread their narrative. BS!!
"Throw".
You meant "Not force to buy".
There is a person writing your tweets from a script. How much do they pay you.?
You say you are a slave to the IRS?

No.  You are a slave to your own opinions.

Worship them for me.  NOW.
in Jesus name I rebuke you. Amen
Jesus Christ is Lord to whom all men shall be held accountable.  

Your Bible says I shouldn't be able to say that.

Come at me, Braugh.
27 million uninsured people with #ObumaCare who can not afford 2 get it, & 12 million more who have it but cannot afford 2 use it, LIAR!!!
The only reason why people hate Obamacare is a black man put it in place and created it.
That isn't true. Identity politics needs to die.
Maybe not to some people. But to the GOP and Republicans, I think that issue still applies.
Most of those 22M would CHOOSE not to buy insurance since the government isn't forcing them. The rest will find better cheaper coverage.
Stop using scare tactics! No one is being "thrown off."  What about those who lost coverage, doctor, and skyrocket premiums on Obamacare?
You forgot the 49 million thrown off by Obamacare!!
@SenSanders more than half of that 22 million will jump off gov healthcare by choice...one promised by the senate.
Ni bernie the way to fix it is to fix medical costs! Obama care doesnt fix it and neither does any Insurance Company.
From day 1 my insurance and many more there insurance was more expensive!
Prime example is this case from england! Do not want here. Im in healthcare and the program did not work for Americans nevet has
Have you not noticed there are about that many already thrown off of it. Repeal and replace no one carrier
Medicare for All
I agree with Sen. Sanders fix ACA don't repeal.
Let your wife help. She can steal you some more money. And now we know it wasn't republicans turning her in for being crooked, was Hillary.
Wish ur president could buy ur idea 
Buh instead he's doing the opposite

@SenSanders depends on gullible followers that are incapable of critical thinking.
Improve Obamacare? I guess you have an idea how to do that? Let me bet - raise taxes to pay for it without changing it ...
Thank god we haven't discovered alien life, you would want to give them Obamacare too! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
wrong
Thank you for your constant courage & advocacy!
Unlike most politicians, Bernie Sanders recognizes there is problems in both sides and wants to fix it to be all inclusive.
If you are running for President in the next election, please switch to the Democratic Party. Your independent status creates division.
Single payer same as Canada
No Bernie, they need to get a job or they need to take the kids and go back to their country.
You are such an #ivorytowerelitistcoward and liar...
Then why don't you suggest what to do with your crappy bill? Don't tell republicans what NOT to do!
If democrats passed a good bill the first time there would be no need for improvements.  Be honest.  You fucked Americans with ACA
No, Obamacare needs to be repealed. Your socialist healthcare is already killing Charlie Gard.
Exactly!
Who are these 22 million people?
Or have the GOP work secretly with ins co to destroy it either. Now where do we go? They created a mess.
Congress needs to be put on Obamacare ASAP AND WHATEVER THEY COME UP WITH...ASAP NOW IMMEDIATELY IF NOT SOONER!!
I strongly agree
Repeal and replace Health Insurance Companies I want to manage my own healthcare
Another Sanders Socialist misrepresentation!  D Party sniping with NO LEGISLATIVE PARTICIPATION!

22m are not being thrown off healthcare! 15m of those will VOLUNTARILY drop care when the mandate's gone. Try honesty, it works better.
Recategorizing autism WILL lose my daughter the therapies and assistance programs she NEEDS!
My husband has heart probs & daughter's special needs+autistic. Losing script coverage will kill hun & leave her unfunctionable!
Throw the insurance companies away .. I pay to have ins/ I pay a copay& still get a bill ..healthcare s/b free take the profit margin out
Rs talk about choice. If they raid Medicaid what choice will seniors in nursing homes have?
Wrong still. We need to get gov't out of healthcare insurance before you screw it up big time such as with O-care.
But it was okay to take away and/or force 30 million into Obamacare w/ higher premiums/deductibles. Got it! @DonaldJTrumpJr @greggutfeld
No carriers, high premiums and deductible. Unusable better that none right -B. Where is -B. It's the weekend everybody!!!
Come back grandpa, please
Bernie have you ever thought about starting your own little communist country, most Americans would love to see you do it.

Those 22M will NOT vote Republican. I'm not.
Don't be a lap dog for the Dems Bernie. #MedicareForAll
Instead of throwing away a plan that is helping millions of Americans, let's work to improve it.
Bernie please stop talking about improving Obama care. Keep drilling that we need Single Payer like rest of world. Don't sell out.
Anything short of #BernieCare4All isn't good enough.  needs a  & 2 stop being penny wise pound foolish.
Mr Sanders you are an amazing Elder Statesman , you speak the truth ! I wish you were President of the United States :)
how many of those am i subsidizing?

But it's okay to throw them out of their homes cause they can't afford the ACAs premiums and their mortgage? Get a grip Berns.
Sorry but trump care needs to come ... I want the trump voters to understand the shit they voted for
#SinglePayer
God I love the "United" States of America.
What about the people who are going to loose their insurance because insurance company's are going to pull out
Ins co's need to participate on a mandatory basis. $100 mil profit qrtly is enough to support mandatory govt pricing like any other vendor!
Why do you continue to lie about that many people losing insurance?
You are rite. This is something the president is doing for the rich.    Propaganda is rampant and a lie is nothing for a crook too tell.
https://twitter.com/FreeFnF/status/849510131842895872 …
End it and give back those rights to the people.
You mean Medicaid. So why are you lying and calling that insurance? Because you have to. That's why.
Bernie says 22mil could lose healthcare, there are some 11mil undocumented whose taking care of them don't hear anyone talking about that
How about MedicAID for all - sliding fee scale - phase in gradually?
. If Obama care needs to be fixed, then all members of congress fix it. Its what the people wanted, not this republican garbage
One bill gives you an actual public option, and medicare for all. I love how you are trying to straddle both like they can be the same bill.
Donny just hates Obama so bad that he wantd to undo anything he did.. Hes bascilly say" F U" and doesnt care if ppl die!
One bill makes you pay for private insurance, which offers you outrageous premiums, co-pays, and deductibles.
As a person who fights for universal healthcare, and medicare for all, the fact you defend the ACA makes you a complete hypocrite.
If you think we can "improve the ACA" without people losing their insurance, you are just as naive as I thought you were.
Bernie lost the election, and is trying to remain relevant by espousing ideas that are going no farther than he and his cult-like followers
Amen
Hey Bank Fraud Bernie, Republicans need to just do nothing and let obumer care COLLAPSE on it own! Then all you shit dems will be the blame
Isn't that precisely what #MedicareForAll does though? I support that. #SinglePayer
Yes it is what #MedicareForAll #Medicare4All #SinglePayer does. I support that too, just like Bernie.
That is a fabulous idea! How can I help you get it done?
People will simply use the ER for primary care and ignore the bills, just like before.
What about the other millions obamacare hurt?
Cut out abuse of Medicaid and illegal immigrants
What do those 22 million pay vs 22 million working people?  That's the issue you Marxist puke!
Lip stick on a pig is still a pig. Govt should get out of the healthcare industry.  VA & MedCare is sht now its all sht.
to GOP logic, this is an "improvement" since how horrible it is for the poor, elderly and disadvantage have health care..liberate them
Get the numbers right. Large amount of the "22M" will opt to not buy insurance BY CHOICE when it's no longer mandated.  Stop making up stuff
If OCare is so freaking good why did 8 MILLION opt to pay the fine instead of buying it?  It's crap... that's why.
We aren't. Stop lying. #PhonySocialist #LiberalHack
Richest Country in the World... What a disgrace.. The only way is a Universal or Single Payer System!! NOW!
ACA is a great foundation that has cracks... Repubs need to work on the foundation!! Welcome to Republican Austerity Program!! 
Oh Bernie YOU are a good voice of reason! To bad the white house is blinded by dollar signs
Let's throw 22 million on instead
I have Obamacare. I've had to pay for every visit and test anyway. This isn't health insurance, it's a scam.
You pay so the people with zero money don't have to
And my point is that is not health insurance, that's charity

Very Franciscan stance
I'm not saying I'm against charity... I am saying I'm against forced charity.
U said killing people yesterday.
Is it by taking money from people who have earned it and giving it to those who haven't?
I call bullshit
I'd prefer something like Australia  H/C sys 1) Medicare for all, or 2) private H/C ins-subsidies 0-30% dep on income
Single payer!
No to incrementalism you know taxes don't fund spending, get congress to sign the deal
Stop the lies! 22 million didnt even sign up.
stop lying rich man!
Then why are you not stepping up and setting the example by participating in the fix
Single payer!
GOP has done everything they can 2 kill Obamacare & nothing 2 help it ever. They want 2 destroy health care n this country 4 all pp not rich
Let’s call it the Affordable Care Act. It actually makes a difference.
Kind of is, seein that obamacare strategy was to throw 25million off their plan. Also choosin not to keep ur AcA plan is not bein kicked off
Bernie continues to focus on the issues.   Thank you.
Maybe we need to take YOU & rest of Congress off your insurance & put all of you on Obamacare. Something might be done!
You complain about 22 million losing insurance - what about the 28 million that never got coverage under the ACA?
True.  Utilize what works & improve what doesnt.  It's about the ppl, not party preference!!
Correct- we should throw you and your family off your tax payer funded gold plated health care.
We need Single Payer. What the hell are are you doing campaigning for the ACA?
Repeal this shit and prosecute Bernie and his wife for bank fraud. That's real ! Russia isn't !
UNCLE BERNIE  ...also known as Littlefinger.......
NOPE......NOT HAPPENING...OBAMACARE DOESN'T WORK.....NEED TO REPLACE IT WITH SOMETHING THAT WORKS....
Off of government insurance that penalizes people for not having government insurance and that doesn't guarantee actual care to consumers
Bernie supporter logic: Government blows, so let's make it bigger!!

Exactly why Bernie should have won. Republicans want a repeal and tax cuts for the wealthy and Democrats would change nothing.
What about us Americans who can't afford Obamacare? U only care about urself & Medicaid recipients.
Public option and allow Medicaid to negotiate prices, that would help.
Keep deluding the truth the truth.  Healthcare is as mich a right as a home or food.
Provide #Americans the same healthcare, benefits our employees - members of Congress - receive at the same income/affordability ratio!
You continue to use scare tactics. Obamacare is disintegrating and losing carriers. Soon many would be without insurance anyway!!

We're not throwing them off. We're making it legal for them 2 decline without penalty due 2 unconstitutional individual mandate
Should have read it before you passed it, numbnuts. At least people can find better insurance when it's repealed.
How's your criminal wife.  I hope she gets locked up
Well, you ever think about getting a job??
Amen
Um, millions of those people don't want to pay for it and don't want to pay the penalty,   you are using false info
Agree. Where are the improvements
That's like giving a turd to a chef and asking him to improve it for consumption
Amen.
The way to do it is to throw out the rotten exchanges and institute single-payer medicare, not medicaid, for all. Remember?
If only we could be Socialist. Oh well.
#politicalgeniusthemomenthillarylost
the worst way to get #singlepayer is by propping up the piece of shit insurance gift that is the ACA. dont sell out your supporters.
Wasn't Obamacare supposed to be the end all be all of healthcare??? Socialism doesn't work hard head!
What is the answer then? How do you plan to improve it?  More than 22 million will lose "insurance" unless something is done. #healthcare
One payor system
500k are homeless. One quarter are children. So, as a homeless man I want to hear your plan.
I heard the @RepDonBeyer @timkaine plan. That's why I am homeless.
Facts are meaningless. If I wanted facts, I'd elect an almanac.
Under @BarackObama care I lost my health coverage.
@DCVAMC began giving me the wrong medication for chest congestion after I ran against @RepDonBeyer
And began calling me about thoughts of suicide.
@BernieSanders / First and foremost; we require all members of Congress to accept #Obamacare for one year, while we draft @GOP plan.
26 years Bern what have you done not crap but now you whine like a child about everything that happened in your 26 year tenure. just shut up
Why not? Obamacare should be abolished. The weak and sickly should die. It's the law of the jungle. #Overpopulation
I was thrown off my insurance because I couldn't afford to pay my insurance & pay some of the 22 million ppl who now have insurance.
Obamacare screwed my family. 1 adult & 2 kids,1200 mo. So I had to let it go. Now a working man & 2 kids don't have insurance.
Thanks Bernie
If it's that wonderful why not have a law requiring anyone working in any part of 3 branches of government to use it!!!!
How about we repeal and start over?
You tried to get Obama out of office for his healthcare now you like it. Crazy old man.
That many are already without insurance & probably always will be
Bernie 20+ million already dropped Obuttasscare because its unaffordable - its to late for Obuttasscare crash an burned
Here we go again with the fake number 22 million. Why are you still screaming about this? Get a clue.
So true.
@HuffPost @politico The problem was evident long before the presidential election, but I didn't hear an admission from the Dems then.
Repeal and Replace. Obumma care terrible!!
You didn't care when people lost their insurance with Obama care. How many people were FORCED to get insurance or pay a price?
Bernie, now you're repeating.  We would have a surplus is we didn't include 15M Dreamers & 21M illegals.  No single payer, Gov will cull pop
#SinglePayer
Yes that sounds very familiar we have heard this remark many times.. Obamacare does not work in anyway ..are you listen at all to the people
The way to improve health insurance is for elected officials to work together - my health insurance worst and highest it has ever been!
Ha ha yes and give the richest people in this country a tax break!
Keep going Bernie. I wasn't a fan of yours but you're starting to persuade me. Only person who's is staying on point.
We need to make pharmaceutical companies stop charging us $500 for meds that cost them $1 to make so they can line their pockets
You're right. In India, a medication that cost $50. In here USA cost $500.
Incredible how USA let this happen.
This is the best way to improve Obamacare.
Time to retire, gramps. You're accomplishing literally nothing.
I just got called a neocon by your diehards b/c I wouldn't abandon Ocare to chase single payer that will never pass.
My husband and I receive 1,600 a month after Medicare and Humana. Can't receive Medicaid. To help with high copays
Hey did you get that number from the same CBO that projected Obamacare to be a raging success? Thought so. Can't fix stupid.
I'm not feeling the bern
^^ 8 million, 14 million would opt out, so you're hurting more than you're helping.
Then why did you do all you could to give power to GOP instead of working together with HC? You 2 could have done amazing things together.
