Theres much $ for all this stuff, AND retirements etc...its all in the pockets of the 1%..they been pigging out since "trickle down" started
Yes, the pre-existing condition is the black president that the white-supremacist @GOP is trying to erase.
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @robportman @SenJohnMcCain This is wrong and unethical and you KNOW it.  Fear god not trump. Courage again!
.Even God knows we can't give insurance to all for free!
Inflicting the sick and poor to give more to the rich is anti- Christ. Btw. Christ healed for free, unlike other miracle workers of his time
Also no ones even saying that anyways. 
It's like 1940's Germany all over again, weeding out the children, elderly and handicapped and the sick! 
I voted 4 DT He made many promises & broke them and lied. It is dramtic & serious when you have Pre existing conditions, born that way. Also
It a bad bill
Didn't Trump say he would keep pre-existing condition clause?
Yes Trump said he wouldnt sign bill without Pre E, C. Protection. He Lied again. I voted 4 him. Im a idiot.
Rest of world has Universal healthcare--why not the US?
The ACA was based on young people participating in it more. Since that is not the case, insurance carriers are leaving with higher premiums.
The ACA is full of consumer protections...we need to stop focussing on price...we can correct the price issues.
Question: I know plans can't charge women more based on their sex. But could they make pregnancy a pre-ex cond? Or refuse to cover it?
.I'm 54 so def won't be pregnant or nd birth control so why shld I pay for that? I think they shld start w/base coverage & add what you need
To all those GOP-voters in poor regions like  appalachia for example , you've really  shot yourselves in the foot with this one.
I need to find out if by donating my kidney,  I've created a pre-existing condition. No good deed...
Wow yes i would find out.
I think even "beeing alive,beeing white,beeing black,beeing democrat/republican" will be a pre-existing condition.
Repubs. believe that people who get sick do so because of their lifestyle. To them you're poor and sick because of your
irrespondibility.
It's what Jesus would do.
These People are endorsed by insurance-comp. And insurance is the same as business banking,they collect and afterw they screw their clients
Does it also bring back rescission?
Rescission was the ACTUAL Death Panel that the ACA ended!
Rescission made Health Insurance = FRAUD!
Just fix it
This hurts so many!
SCARY
It is the pre-existing animosity towards Middle class & poor that brings this piece back.
From a solid neutral source
Send him home!  Not representing people, just rich and corporations.  He is on the take.
More lies from the Republicans. Ask John McCain if he thinks he should be subject to a lifetime cap? Pubs have no idea how to govern.
These guys are kidding, right? ALL of YOU folks want pre existing conditions, right? Are you MF kidding????
How nice of them.
Yeah! You can't be an illegal, or someone who is taking advantage of the system.
Just have to repeal Obamacare to fully implement their tax cuts for rich
Who are those people working for? 
Republicans are working the insurance companies Not for the American people 
stand up against em" wakeUP
Its almost like most republicans secretly support eugenics.
Gotta look deeper what is actually in this bill. It needs a lot of work.
Say no to this bill. Graham - Cassidy is another scam to undue the ACA. Ask Jimmy Kimmel. He reports that Cassidy lie to his face.
What is the reason for an insurance? If you remove all causes it is useless
Graham is a slug.
#MC4A yet? Or do we have to all suffer the Corporate favoritism along with Elitism?
More Rhino lies& all because u support Trump a Traitor & u know it
Just watched the video where Bernie was saying single payer would bankrupt the country
Shame! Heartless political objectives. Shows no respect for human suffering
The GOP is a pre-existing condition blocking Americans from getting the health care that they deserve.
...and more... We are cooked. In exchange for our lives, the GOP gets $400 million.
He had this vision in the white men only club 1 night...
I don't understand how the GOP can justify what they are trying to do! #MedicareForAll
This is a bad bill. Fix the ACA!
Because this:
How does this guy sleep at night?
Lindsey, how could you do this?
Funny 4 a party that doesn't fancy pre-existing conditions the whole party has it kkknis evil !bastardnis an don't give a damnis preexisting
There is something quite clarifying when your government tells you that it no longer cares if you live or die.
here's your sign for help NO HEALTH CARE for 
pass that and it will be fast pace to Medicare-4-all...
THE RAT PATROL!!!!
Aholes
@SenJohnMcCain please I know he is your friend but don't do this to the rest of us. 142,000 for cancer 17,000 just to have a baby! No no no
@LindseyGrahamSC what motivates u to deny millions of ACA? @SenJohnMcCain ur friend holds card. Do you respect his wish for regular order?
States will be able to make rules for healthcare in their state.  All states can address pre-existing conditions. Not a problem at all.
You Americans amaze me; do you hate poor sick people?
As a Democrat I'm OK with pre-existing conditions being covered and being made to be covered.

The appeal of this new bill is clear...a windfall of fed $ handed to states with no strings.  How do you feel about that MS, TN, SC, AL, GA?
Republicans see subsidy as a "handout".  Putting these men in charge of our healthcare is a colossal mistake, a disaster in the making.
Republicans said there would be death panels from Obamacare.   Do you feel secure putting your life in hands of state politics?  Not me.
I hope the voters of SC & LA remember that.
Call it what it is: Trumpcare
Everyone can get coverage for pre-existing conditions under new GOP Plan but only rich will be able to afford the skyrocketing premiums
This bill would vaporize if limp dicks would be a pre-existing condition.... The GOP, or the "Gut Our Poor" party.
How is this good for his constituents? Does he represent his district or insurance companies?
they don't care about the people! BLOOD WILL BE ON THEIR HANDS!!! MAGA=MORONS ARE GOVERNING AMERICA!!!
That guy has a very anger inducing face to him...
I get furious just looking at him.
Hopefully @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins, @lisamurkowski & others in @SenateGOP vote in the interest & deny @LindseyGrahamSC.
. It also brings back Lifetime Caps doesn't it @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @dougducey Vote NO #CassidyGraham
You both suck.kill the bill save http://ACA.VOTE  COUNTRY NOT PARTY....
@senorrinhatch & @SenMikeLee this is not ok!  You must vote no!
Still a shitty bill though....
@SenSanders @voxdotcom His BMW's are worth more to him than his constituents
I wonder how many MOC have pre-existing conditions? Certainly many GOP MOC seem to suffer from mental illness of some sort.
This is not humane. We didn't ask for our health to be a traded commodity. I reject trading money for my healthcare.
Cassidy-Graham and all who vote for this: The REAL Terrorists!
. @sarahkliff We need to keep ACA so Trump supporters can get the psychiatric care they need!
@JohnKasich @SenSanders @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan @McConnellPress for affordable healthcare when 2017 Federal Poverty are:
Used to respect Graham but no longer
He's a step away from tenting his hands like Monty Burns.
and a cap....so they would be ok with some one going bankrupt , losing their home because they were unfortunate to become ill
Sen Graham this is a disgusting bill. It doesn't help people in SC. Pricing people out of the market due to pre-existing conditions is wrong
The cruelty continues. Praying for one more victory.
Boooooooo
@SenSanders @voxdotcom I have been calling and emailing. Why do I get the feeling that this is already a done deal?
Why do they hate us?
When will people realize that getting rid of preexisting conditions is a feature not a bug #DieAlreadyPoorPeople @sengraham2016 @SenCassidy
Graham Cassidy selling out America!
If this passes people will know suffering & the GOP will & shud own it. Vote for the GOP in the next election & you will own it as well.
Oh they can just take a long walk off a short pier.
When congress gets the same coverage that we 'get' perhaps sanity and logic will re-emerge...until then congress is a pre-existing con.
So sick people go bankrupt and on the public dole. Treat dont cheat oe sell out
Arent both graham and cassidy supposed to be looking after our interests, not the interests of big insurnce?
Coin operated
This is AWFUL!
Has it really gotten this bad?
Wow,  it's like this bill gets worse and worse the more you look into it.  No wonder the GOP are trying to rush it through.

What is wrong with them for years we can give you better healthcare lies about the ACA they just are heartless
This is life or death for so many people.  And 45 threatens to blow up countries. I feel like I live in Crazyland.
 karma will find you. Let you try to buy this healthcare and give yo your senate healthcare benefits graham!
Why are they making things worse   to be as cruel as they can??
And the people say "OOPS" about Military Care? #Irma #Harvey TOXIC WATERS https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/ouch-health-focus-us-veterans-diana-winslow-msw … @FEMA  @who_urbanhealth @CDCInjury
He also brings back Leslie Jordan of Will and Grace.
Can't fathom why there is such a will to push legislation that is the antithesis to the common good.  Preserve Medicaid. #AAP2017
I don't think brings back is the right way to say this. Perhaps, removes ACA requirement to cover?
Its unethical not to take care of people with medical needs.
Face it, repubs and some conservative dems believe if you can't pay, you don't play. It's a reprehensible philosophy for Healthcare.
MEDICARE FOR ALL!
Trump is on record (for what that's worth) as wanting pre-existing conditions covered, or at least issued
#KilltheBill before it kills Americans. Call congress. 202-224-3121. Text Resist to 50409 #Resistbot and send free faxes to congress, too!
I want to believe Lindsey Graham; but as time goes on I realize he's like that person you thought was a friend but is really only a frenemy.
@benwikler 
Such a brain-dead plan, being a senator must be a pre-existing condition.
This is not what you promised @realDonaldTrump  & don't even give us the line about Obamacare failing. We ALL know it is fixable. @PressSec
Does obesity count as a preexisting condition? https://stateofobesity.org/adult-obesity/ 
Graham has gone bat shit crazy! My God!
This not so good for my needs as retired disabled veteran. Hardly can afford food these days how can I afford a health insurance policy VA
Good.  Both underwritten and guaranteed issue policies should be allowed.  Just like life insurance. If you have to pay more so be it.
I have no problem paying more. This bill permits insurance companies to drop coverage even if you have been paying. Also, lifetime caps.
What % hit a $2million lifetime cap????
I care about my fellow citizens. Thousands hit caps. I can't imagine not being able to care for a child because of a loss of insurance.
If you cared then you'd know that making everyone pay 2-3x former premiums to cover 4% of people is a bit much.  No, way too much
Addressing premiums is a fixable problem, You don't have to kick millions off insurance to do so. Any of us could be the 4% one day.
Right, but I'm not paying ahead for car accidents that haven't happened
If you have car insurance, you are protecting yourself from future accidents. Health insurance works the same way.
Time to STOP being a PACIFIER (no matter how you define it) for the Insurance companies and start being a defender of the AMERICAN PEOPLE.
Yeah, it's called reality. Insurance isn't magic.
DON'T ALLOW THESE TO CLOWNS TO BRING BACK  P R E - E X I S T I N G CONDITIONS...AND HIGHER PREMIUMS.  THEY DON'T GIVE A DAMN ABOUT THE PPL
get involved.
I AM INVOLVED...HOW ABOUT YOU?
very
Dear Republicans,
What's w/ your boner to let Americans w/ #preexistingconditions die &/or go #sickrupt? Do ya get extra points foring us?
I mean to be fair, that was the Trump voters' main complaint.
Not good.Need to regulate this market better than that! It is sufficiently dysfunctional/unfair without the burden on people of pre-x conds.
@SenJohnMcCain Why should the sick & terminally ill be charged more for pre-existing conditions? #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
JFC, these #asshats really are trying to kill us all. All in the name of $$ for themselves and their cronies #donthecon #republicansaredicks
Voters N SC & LA shuld B up N arms What gives U.S. Senate the rite 2 take away affordable HC? What gives Cassidy-Graham a rite 2 suggest it?
Graham is a snake 
No I'm not :(
This is chilling and frightening to those with pre-existing conditions.
Healthy people feel the same way about our ACA premiums
This bill strips healthcare from 32 million people & eliminates ALL Medicaid by 2026. It will kill more Americans than an ISIS wet dream!
Thank you.  We need plain statements like that to get more publicity.
You can't pick and choose what is covered must be covered. Get it through your thick skulls. Everything Everybody
Looks like McCain is joining his friends! This would blow up entire insurance market including employer based hospitals would close.
Yeah...no.  they wouldn't.  But thanks for overreacting
This bill is a blatant slap in the face of the American people!  #TeamMueller
It's a blatant slap in the face for Democrats who created Obamacare
Thanks for staying on top of this, Sarah. You do a great job keeping us up to date on healthcare issues.
Do you know if #GrahamCassidy also brings back "rescissions" under which insurers can drop or force out policyholders who get sick? Thanks!
What does this bill do re: pre-existing conditions for employer-based plans?
Nothing.  The ACA already screwed your group premiums up, too.
This is a lie. Those on co plans should worry. Essential services will not be mandated/protected. If you co chooses to, they can eliminate.
You mean like before the aca?  What ehb is vital now that you can't pay for?
It's not a money thing for me - it's denial of coverage for pre-ex conditions. Being dropped from insurance is a concern.
Could you explain how the Senate can vote w/o a CBO score.  Thought they had to have one to use reconciliation.
Sure.  The CBO score has never been correct after legislation was implemented ...ever.
Animals. Evil, wicked, selfish dregs trying to harm sick people to save their friends and business networks money. They're the worst.
