Upcoming Obamacare vote in the Senate short on details: "I don't even know what we're proceeding to next week" http://trib.in/2uJ1qGJ  
Umm remind you of anything?? ( We have to pass this so we can see what's in it.)
No, ACA passed both chambers of congress after 11 months of bipartisan, open hearings, and all on capitol hill knew what was in the bill.
Even if that WAS true (and it's not) wouldn't it be one more reason to yank loony #pelosi for such a crackpot statement? #nutpatrol
Her statement wasn't about lawmakers not knowing what they were voting on (which *is true for McConnell's BCRA). http://www.mediaite.com/tv/the-context-behind-nancy-pelosis-famous-we-have-to-pass-the-bill-quote/ …
FYI The" fog" is Republican questioning. Of course she wouldn't admit it was about lawmakers not knowing, but in FACT, they didn't!
no, the "fog" is all the rank lying about death panels and socialist takeover, none of which was true.
Didn't you just see the"can't read" comment? Cmon now. Quit switching gears! Fog was her word for repubs asking too many questions.
Fog of controversy was all the partisan lying about what ACA was and did, it didn't create death panels, waitlists or 'government takeover.'
Sounds kind of familiar, don't it?
no. it's actually insane and completely unprecedented.
Guess you weren't around in 2009 when @NancyPelosi said we'd have to pass Obamacare bill to find out what's in it.
I was, it was 2010, and she didn't say that at all. Her comments weren't about lawmakers not knowing what was in it. http://www.mediaite.com/tv/the-context-behind-nancy-pelosis-famous-we-have-to-pass-the-bill-quote/ …
Thanks for that, know we know how mediate tried to spin her words. I've read what she said.
what spin? the article is a *full transcript* of her speech! read it and make up your own mind.
"We have to pass the bill to find out what's in the bill." Thx @NancyPelosi 
#Democrats
So does that make it okay for it to be done again?
You don't understand the comment.
you don't understand the comment, it had nothing to do with members of congress not knowing what was in the bill, nothing.
It was disappointing about your loss with the Democratic convention, sorry, that's dead and over, but we can still win with heath care! I
If you truly cared about healthcare you should have supported @HillaryClinton with no asterisk.
If she truly cared about Healthcare she should have supported single payer.
Check your history. She proposed it in 1993. It was called HillaryCare & became a nonstarter ever since. Why do you think Obama avoided it?
Even if that was true, that does not redeem the fact she fought against it a year ago
You probably need to research first before spouting off! Hillary had a strong HC Plan! This is what we could of had!
America could have had single Payer if the DNC wasn't corrupt af
Grow up!
clarify please, wasnt this pretty much admitted when Debbie was forced to resign
Hope it goes down the drain last ke the last one they drafted in the men's room.
Really? You dont remember pelosi saying pass barrycare to find out whats in it? Knucklehead.
You mean the full year it was debated in public view? Think about why we've had 7 years of ACA not 8? #RightWingPropaganda
Do the Independents know about it? Where are the adults in this process? Improve the #ACA
Keep up the pressure, keep calling, remind the douchebags they can't get away with it.
Oh Bernie, we need to pass the bill to know what's in it!
Oh Brian we need to kill someone to know if they will stop supporting me. (TRUMP SAYING)
@chicagotribune William Shakespeare said it best: "Oh brave New world that has such people in it!" - The Tempest, Act 5, Scene 1
How about repeal it.
I know you want them to repeal and go for single payer. Its okay...you can tell me.
I want Uber Lyme treatments.
Would you accept a Flintstones gummy?
If it's effective. Like that laser eye surgery stuff.
Nancy Peolse said we don't know what is in it till we pass it.  When Obama was in
Yes crazy they had 8 years to get it right!  Reps are sane as Dems 
#berniebankfraud
Then ya'll should read it. 
#politicalgeniusthemomenthillarylost
It's a result of poor leadership. 45 is talking politics to Boy Scouts and complaining to the press about Hilary. Get it together, man!
and I guess you do
That's what happened with Obamacare, too.
Cant wait until 2018/2020!!!!!!!
Afraid nothing will change then. Sadly dems are weak. Wasn't for The People we'd be screwed by now.
Bernie, do you know what's in it?  What a hypocrite.
The House and Senate had seven months to review ACA before it was passed.

sounds like the ACA that YOU voted to pass without reading - go preach UR failed socialist crap from the porch of one of UR three houses
Commies. IN the WH.
@POTUS Sen Sanders-We still don't know what's in ObamaCare. We only know the sky-rocketed premiums that you allow Insurances to charge.
It's downright Republican!

The mistake, from the beginning, was to assume that the health of our citizens could be assured by insurance.
I think the donald is using the same strong-armed tactics he used in business. He would crucify any business who did not do what he wanted
Let me remind you of @NancyPelosi words, "we won't know what's in the bill until we pass it". Fock you @SenSanders
Not as crazy and insulting as your refusal to support HRC until it was too late. Nice the way you turned so many Dems against her.
It is so Undemocratic to keep putting the American people thru this. When  will they quit voting on something that will hurt so many.
When they think it will cost them reelection is when they will quit. And if that is the only way to make them accountable vote against them
Oh, I will.
If Hillary wasn't such a crook she would of won hands down.
I think it will come out who the crook is, DJT.
Let's pass it to see what is in it!!!! - Nancy Pelosi
Both parties work that way, pass bill before reading it or knowing what's in it. Strip all politicians of plush  insurance & C real change!
@chicagotribune Why is it called Obamacare vote?
I don't believe this is a democracy anymore Sen. Sanders.
Despicable people
Get RID of Health "Insurance" Industry.....start by lowering Medicare age to 60! it's NOT Free.
Kentucky Fried Crook
.@TheDemocrats use #SUPERDELEGATES to prevent #democracy; how crazy, insulting, & undemocratic is THAT?
What did Pelosi say about Obama care "We have to pass it to find out what's in it " .
One of these days the Republican party will get low on money trying to pay for all of the donalds attorneys
Wow, that sounds familar, doesn't it? Bernie you have all these big dreams, but NO plan. How do you plan on accomplishing any of them.
That's why you stinking career politicians need to get voted out. BOTH sides of the isle. You idiots do this all the time!!!
Sounds familiar doesn't it.
Yeah, that shitty politician did an awful thing so let mine do something infinitely worse!
In politics, no one wins.
Change your politics then
I believe all the American people will wise up one day and get rid of the lifetime politicians.
And also opportunistic Johnny come latelys
Hypocrisy you are a social hack a  pox
Same thing the Dems did.....Pelosi= You have to pass it to read it.
Sounds eerily familiar.
"But we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it" @NancyPelosi
Their emperor has no clothes...
You are such a double standard bearer. You voted for Obamacare without reading it. You will have to vote for it to know what is in it.
It's obscene. And the DNC lawsuit is obscene; the DNC saying the voters do not get a choice in who the Democrat nominee is. Right? Comments?
USA spends more taxpayer money on healthcare and cover less people than any other developed nation. Whose pockets is the money going into?
Funny wasnt it Pelosi who said we had to pass the ama to know what was in it? Where was your outrage then Sen? Damn hypocrite
You didn't have a problem with that when Obama did it
Right, just like when they passed Obamacare, don't recall you having s problem then.
@SenSanders But We HAVE TO PASS THE BILL SO YOU CAN FIND OUT WHAT'S IN IT______NANCY PELOSI. Bernie you did a dumb tweet.
LOL
Everything for free Bernie? Get real
To be fair they said the same about Obamacare :(
Yea, it was crazy when you guys did it too! Remember much?
Because the Republican point isn't to pass a good health care bill, but to erase Obama's legacy and give tax breaks to the already-wealthy.
Republican way learned from Hitler
No Bernie..."How, Fucking Stupid is that!!!"
What if, and I'm just thinking out loud here, we keep government out of the healthcare business?
Shows how crazy potsmoking hippie from beach-bum-2-corrupt-politician @SenSanders is
What's even worse... you & your wife under federal investigation for fraud & embezzlement
Bernie, please resign! Your corruption and greedy motives are an insult to the American people! #GreedyBernie
Ah yes, because wanting a greater quality of life for people is so greedy and insulting. How dare he want us to have healthcare
It's so fucking sad seeing people like greedy Bernie Sanders give a toss about everyday people. So sad.
Right! Bernie will say anything to con poor Americans into giving him their money! Bernie is a crook! #GreedyBernie
Yeah, fuck him for giving a shit about others 
Yes! Bernie's made millions by pretending to "help" the poor! #MillionaireSocialist
"Having money" has never been a problem. Literally nobody has said this. And he's not pretending.
Lol! Bernie says otherwise! 
Does "we have to pass it so we know what's in it" sound familiar, @SenSanders ???  If you D's can do it, then why can't the R's??
Democracy is dead.
The plutocrats have executed a soft coup successfully. 
Leave the DNC & join the #Resistance
Hey this is what @POTUS & Trumpers want, begging to be screwed,let's give it to them see how far it takes red rural states into disaster.
Wouldn't  it be great if we awoke to find that they sneaked single payer into the bill and called it Our Care. Wake up congress show the lov
Another Health care rant.
Then they all better vote against it until they know exactly what they're voting on
You mean like 'we have to pass it so we know what's in it'? Could democrats be any more hypocritical?
Didn't we get that "just sign it" thing from your wife?!? #inTegriTy #olderschool
Lmao sounds exactly like obamacare. Dems said they have to pass it to see what's in it.. wth.. sounds like the same people running this
What! You did it when your party had the majority. How does it feel? Ha, ha
They will vote for a blindfold and a game of pin the hairpiece on Trump
Spare me tour faux outrage. Didnt you have to pass Maubamacare to see what was in it?
They should have coordinated their ties, then you REALLY couldn't tell them apart.
Can believe that's the best you can come up with Bernie, Pelosi Quote , sheesh, maybe you better practice keeping wife outta jail
This government is operating like no other government has. The totalitarian goals are evident and "Kleptocracy"? It's the cash, Nash $$$$$$
They will be voting for a pig in a poke.
Oh you mean like when the Democrats ONLY passed @POTUS44 Obamacare!!! Didn't good ole Nancy say 'We won't know what's in it till we pass it'
And you do?
@chicagotribune Try ridiculous
It is the Trump/GOP way.  These crooks cannot work in daylight.
Welcome to Plutocracy.
To use the comment of Pelosi "we have to pass it so we can know what's in it"
I do that too sometimes, except it's a $5 toy at the checkout.  It's not a matter of life or death for millions.
Just like the ACA. If it was done right the first time we wouldn't be in this situation now.  Stop being such a hypocrite....
Logic says read it first before trashing it like you and the rest of your party does.
follow the leader? stupid is as stupid does & yes, it's stupid.
Hmm, do the words "we have to pass it, so you will no what is in it" ring a bell? You voted for that garbage. #Pathetic #GarbagePolitics
@chicagotribune reminds me of when obamacare was passed without anyone knowing (ref. pelosi)
Hmmm,  Kinda like the healthcare plan the democrats pushed through When your friend Nancy said, "we have to pass it to see what's in it"
How can the government be so unprofessional in making this whole healthcare coverage a fiasco!
Using the Nancy Pelosi sound bite to create false equivalence is utter bullshit. http://www.snopes.com/pelosi-healthcare-pass-the-bill-to-see-what-is-in-it/ …
Just frickin vote "no" if you don't know what the frick you are voting on. Ain't that frickin hard.
...And how incredibly unsurprising! #SinglePayer #DraftBernie
What is wrong with people that they can't understand that every complaint they make about OCare is ten fold in Rep bill? No improvement
Republicans might know more than the Democrats did with ACA. They don't march in lockstep like the Democratic socialists.
Like Pelosi told us it has to pass before we see what's in it??? You dirtbag!!!!!
This is how they potus n GOP treat American governance
Perhaps have a word with Sen "have to pass it to find out what's in it" Pelosi.
Quote was, "We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it, away from the fog of the controversy." 

Pelosi is a Rep.
Don't really see eye to eye with him.....but agree with him here....WTF?!
So you mean exactly like Obamacare? Or all the other bills they pass in the dead of night without letting the public read them.
so absurd.
Bernie, which one of your three luxury homes did you tweet this from??
#Nancypelosi
Kinda like the original
Why don't they get rid of subsidized HC and let ppl who want HC, pay for it themselves?   Why should taxpayers pay for subsidized HC?
Umm, why don't you try reading it. When's your wife getting locked up?
Then vote no
Well that was a given anyway
Bernie, I'm amazed at how many stupid people think you have something 2 offer other than delusional thoughts
The irony is palpable
@chicagotribune Senador Sanders: Please, keep fighting for all of us, hardworking Americans!! Our lives are at stake!!
No different than getting Obamacare shoved down our throats. Get used to it bernie. Lol.
In seven years the GOP led congress has learned zero about how to care for the people of this nation. Taking away is easy. Delivering?
Well for god sake the dems didn't even let anyone see their bill until y'all voted it through. DA
As undemocratic as stealing a primary!!
I doubt you'd vote for it even if it was single payer, because you're an obstructionist stooge. #lockjaneup
We all know it won't be #Medicare4All
The whole thing stinks.
Well Bernie. Remember Nancy Pelosy saying WE HAVE TO PASS IT FIRST BEFORE WE KNOW WHAT IS IN IT!!!
How in the world can this b a Gov't 4 the ppl if we can't know what's in this bill so we can voice r opinion. Thx Bernie for being our voice
Your joking, right?
Pay back is a "Bitch" isn't it Bernie. Same thing you Dems did w Obamacare, "Have to pass it to see whats in it" remember. Dems=Hypocrites
The Senate parliamentarian has declared that any vote on health care will require 60 votes not matter what McConnell wants.
I'm sure they will be a huge raise for Republicans in it so they will all vote for it.
Bernie, sounds like what the Democrats did to pass Obamacare. Pelosi said pass it then read it! Bernie,you are such a hypocrite!!!
So you have to pass it to find out what's in it, right @NancyPelosi ?
http://www.snopes.com/pelosi-healthcare-pass-the-bill-to-see-what-is-in-it/ …
And we found out.  You can have it back.  I was on a great plan.  Worked hard for years for it.  Not now -Socialism degrades what it touches
You mean just like when it was passed. "We have to pass it to know what is in it"- Nancy Pelosi
HEY BERNIE YOU TWIT...NANCY PELOSI EVEN SAID THAT YOU HAVE TO PASS THE BILL BEFORE YOU KNOW WHATS IN IT., when obamacare was passed.hypocrit
so very tired of this game.
Wasn't an issue when you voted for obama care. HYPOCRITE
This would not be possible without the host of enablers. Thank whatever gods may be for Collins, Capito, sometimes Paul and Murkowski
It's long past time for you to quit the DIRTY DEM PARTY. Most of us have already done so. We'll support you, but not until you quit.
Ugh at this point they just want to pass anything what a sad sad party...
Sorry, @GOP we don't buy anything if we have no idea what it is or what it costs? Especially Health Care. Get a grip!
Withhold consent until the bill is shown!
Just as crazy, insulting, and undemocratic as trump.
Be careful McConnell is a snake. We can't trust em & we have to stay on our guard and  attack the Senators who support the repeal bill
Stupid comes to mind
"Undemocratic" in the sense that some laws or Congressional procedures were violated? Or was it an affront to Sanders' ideology?
It is ALMOST as bad as…
I can tell you Barney. You are going to vote on repeal of Obamacare. It isn't going to pass. It is just a "show" vote.
This thread has been taken over by Libtard Bots. Check their profiles!
Now that is deception. You continue to blow BS. Is there money in it? Is that why you do it?oh yeah, political donation.
I am so sick of the partisan and undemocratic bullshit that has invaded our political landscape. This is what happens when biz meets D.C.
Brings back memories to nut job pelosi saying the same exact thing w/ ACA.
Can't be any worse than the ACA.
Repeal or riot. Thats the game we may be approaching if my premiums rise one more f***ing time.
Perhaps we the people should withhold our taxes and allow the Government to implode.
OMG!   "We have to pass it to know what's in it" passed without a single GOP vote, Bernie. Where have you been for the past 8 years?
@chicagotribune que the Pelosi jokes.

The blind leading the blind. Desperation is the word of the week.
"government of the people, by the people, for the people?  Doesn't that mean all voices should be heard?  Not behind locked doors.
I believe it was a democrat that said, we have to pass it to see what is inside the bill.
Then vote no! Things never change
YOUR KIDDING, LOL
BREAKING: GOP unveil 2018 campaign slogan "To Get Even With Barack Obama We've Ruined Your Life".
Check this out Bernie https://twitter.com/sryimnate/status/888243119468285953 …
Oh Bernie, our country has turned into a huge pile of sh!t
They really want to kill us SAD!
Like the one you voted on previously?
"Well we have to pass the bill to see what's in the bill!"-Nancy Pelosi on the ACA
The hypocrisy is so blatant..
Bad but not quite so bad as #dncleaks... and you found nothing wrong with them fixing the primaries against you
