Don't you have another house to buy?
Yours!!
The Democrats have run Chicago for years including The asshole that you have for mayor now. That's why you have all the crime you have!!
With another Dem who will STILL run what's left of that city and state into the ground.  Dems control that city and state. Bankruptcy near
It will relieve the millions more who carry Obamacare from the financial burden of paying for others at the expense of their own families.
What will? Trumpcare?
The repeal of Obamacare. Pay your own insurance. If you can't afford it, do without. The middle class taxpayer gravy train is over for you.
GOP: no more "safe spaces" from inconvenient facts
PEOPLE: people will die because of your healthcare bill
GOP: omg how could you say that
@GOP cares NOTHING about the American people!!!!! Zero, they only care about themselves and own ideology! Hateful people!!!!!
Tweeting isn't working for you Senator.  You're NO DONALD TRUMP...!!!  YOU inflict pain on ALL of America.  Go To Jail..!
Maybe you can request the cell next to Dump,jr.and Kushner they'll be there soon enough
U R totally delusional...!!!  Who's under investigation again...?  Oh, that would be the Sanders family...!!!  Not the Trump Family...!!!
Kushner and junior are part of the criminal element.As far as I know there both members of Dumps http://family.One  or both will crack.
Never happen, NOTHING THERE TO EXPOSE.  Ya know, I hope it happens, Impeach that is. LOVE nothing more than to get U on my cross-hairs...!!!
I'm waiting anytime anywhere you're probably another chicken hawk.Im not a Sanders supporter I'm a radical revolutionary I paid my dues
Radical Revolutionaries always die, see ya...!!! We PATRIOTS WIN Civil wars...!!!
Just like the real civil war!I'm not afraid to die and yes I consider myself the real patriot not Dump and his cult followers
Totally agree, just like Obamacare. Get rid of all government interference in health care, open up Kidney's R Us and health care sharing
Just like the ACA.  We need something new, there are options out there.
So true Mr Sanders thank you
Albert Cheris is a Moron Mike Pompeo CIA Director Agree s Now @LambdaLegal Agree s Now!
Much like the ACA?
Those on medicaid.
Haha! You grabbed your ankles for Killary. You are such a scam! #marxistmuppet #BankFraudBernie
way 2 support those who cheated you out of the election liar, shut up and retire #SellOutSanders
Severe Economic Pain is ALREADY HERE BECAUSE OF OBAMACARE... Wake Up Bernie, better yet pay attention 2 your PROBLEMS
Yep. America's slow to deal with traitors, fixers, & power mongering blowhards. The whole time using our $ to fuck us over. U r all exposed.
Says who Bernie???the socialist!!!Govt mooch...
Hey it's the old man who turned his back on his supporters to help crooked Hillary
Sounds like a loan you and your wife arranged...we the people demand #FullRepeal
When you & the rest of the political elite are willing to jump on same single payer plan.  I will support it.  The plan has to apply to all
Bernie Sanders you want everyone to be dependent on government. Are you a communist? That's what I thought.
ObamaCare has been an absolute disaster and has inflicted severe economic pain on millions of Americans. Seems you are getting senile Bernie
A billion dollar Obama care website hasn't inflicted economic pain?
You mean like Obamacare?
You are a liar.  You are a false messiah.  You feel it is fine to enslave millions of Americans to take care of the slothful!
People like you are the reason politicians should be required to resign their positions before running for another office.
You need to come back to reality sir. It already does. My premium it's ridiculous high and deductible is outrageous.
Any more than #Obamacare did? No the Democrats conveniently ignore that everything they're saying against AHCA applied to Obamacare too
Apparently U've NOT read aca bill+since Congress xmptd themselves frm it, NOBODY gives a rat's a** what U think abt GOP editn, Bernie!
How would you know. You're judgement is so bad you can't even win a primary against the world biggest political crook. You lost long ago.
Single payer HC because the government is doing such a great job with the healthcare system they already oversee? 
Govt Death Care 
10K biz lost
40 Billion Lost wages
Incalcuble losses in human freedom
N. Korea, Venezuela 100M dead from Communism
#maga
How many millions have died because of the Communism that you embrace?
Yeah just like your wife's college
How about u get ur wife to borrow a couple hundred billion  $ to pay 4 it,ur a fraud n ur wife is being investigated 4 fraud image that
I think you meant your WIFE'S financial plan will devastate college kids AND local Catholic charities

#charliegard #deathpanel The more Government gets envolved in Heathcare the worse it gets... just look at the VA
Hey Bernie remember Pelosi "affordable affordable affordable affordable" speech, "keep your dr.", have 2 pass it to see what's in it" 
Political bickering while everything circles down the drain
You mean Obamacare?
You know if us common folk did our jobs the same way you stinking Bureaucrats do yours we would all be fired !
Maybe if you all got off your collective asses and did your damn job maybe something might get done.
Be quiet criminal.
So your two weeks is up... you said you had a healthcare solution. I'm waiting as well as millions of others!
Death rates rose over 3 standard deviations under Obamacare:
How many Bernie? 22 million? Funny how socialist math works when less than 16 million are on Obama care now. Go get another lawyer for wifey
I pay $40,000 per year now, plus huge deductibles added, so your plan basically sucked.
As a small business owner, you pay that for your employees' premiums?
Yes, that's the premium for BC/BS (Highmark) family plan. It was 8,000 in 2008. Son who is quad, kicked off! It's nuts.
Employees get same plan; we pay 70% of premium.
Gets better: we pay taxes on the premiums for us because it's considered income
Yup! My employer just switched from a C-corp to an S-corp & now those premiums are wages & ineligible for Flex-Plan
Makes my head spin
Some employees went on their spouses plans (cheaper but very limited plans, restricting them to a particular hospital system.)
Smaller health care providers eaten up by larger providers which happen to sell health insurance policies!
single payer will be an absolute disaster that wil inflict severe economic AND HEALTHCARE pain on millions of Americans
@SenSanders AND CROOK'S IN WASHINGTON NEED AUDITING STARTING NOW ! PAY CUT'S " TERM LIMIT'S ! BACKGROUND CHECK ! SIGNED
FOLLOWER'S OF @POTUS
WE VOTER'S WON ELECTION !!
WE'RE WANTING FULL AUDIT REPORT !
AND OUR TAX MONEY BACK THAT'S BEEN STOLEN FROM OUR TREASURER IN WASHINGTON ACCT
GO AWAY
I lost my Doctors and I can't afford the Deductible - But No One Cares!
You should retire.... from a working life you never were part of. You socialist liar.
Economic pain? I work everyday and cannot see a doctor now because am so far behind on my deductibles.That is what Obama care has done to me
Millions of Americans R already suffering bc of OBC, not to mention the million U apparently rip off from the Ppl. that's suffering 2
What'd you call what happened the last 8 years? I'm on my 5th PCP since Ocare became law. Free market is the solution. Say no to socialism.
DNC shill Bernie Sanders ladies & gentlemen.
As opposed to the severe economic pain of Obamacare?

Obamacare devastated my family from day one. At least it taught my kids the truth!!
Here's a novel idea... how about if the government butts out of healthcare. #SenatorsAreHypocrites
Obamacare inflicted extreme economic pain on us & left my husband w/permanent nerve damage. Need surgery can't afford deductible #FearMonger
This from a millionaire socialist who doesn't have to worry about proletariat problems.
#ScrewYouBernie join your corrupt wife in jail soon.
Coming from someone with no plan, except free everything for everyone...
You're the disaster Bernie... Good lord, can't wait until your next scandal erupts.
Don't u have a new mansion u can retire n? We'll end up like Venezuela w ur ideas!
SHUTUP @SenSanders you are a liar!
Bernie, your advice is a disaster. You need not look any further than the Venezuela Healthcare Crisis.
You should be more concerned about you and your wife's bank fraud....and how many students and staff lost their school cuz of her? #MAGA
You understand the new HC bill is the same shit as Obamacare right
Like obamacare screwed millions of working people out of their coverage.
That's what happened under Obamacare.
You know you have not read it. Quit spreading an opinion that is not true.
The Democratic Party is an absolute disaster and will inflict severe economic pain on millions of Americans. #seewhatididthere
Let's scrap the whole thing, our govt was not designed to distribute HC....#FullRepeal
What planet are you on? OCare IS THE disaster! Your premiums $700/mo-$6K deductible??  NO! Politicians exempted from nightmare Dems created.
Full repeal of the disaster you helped pass.
Nothing the Reps do can be worse than Obamacare. Premiums/deductibles are destroying our health insurance system.
WAKE THE F UP!!!
Hey Bernie are you concerned about the severe economic and health DISASTER that's already happening with Ocare? Look into it, it's not good.
Its only a disaster to the able bodied people who DO NOT work! Its time to stop the hand outs!
.Actually, that would be you and your wife #FBIinvestigation #BankFraudBernie
Sure cause bankrupting American for your socialized healthcare better. Dems equal higher taxes and less jobs.
Hey Bernie, where is that Medicare for all plan?   You promised!,
Fortunately for Bern, there are plenty of idiots out there who believe this mindless socialist rhetoric.
Bernie, I trust nothing you say.The ACA did that. As a socialist, the GOP could never come up with something the democrats would like.There!
Aca is proven to be a disaster, it needs to be changed yet you and your do nothing senators do absolutely nothing to help.
You mean the way Obamacare has already done?
Didn't you say Obamacare would be better? So much for listening to you and the left lies. Liberalism is a mental disorder.
Have you actually read it, or is this a fart from your ass!
You know what else is an absolute disaster, fraud.
Just hurry up and go to prison on that fraud case already
Oh kinda like ObamAcare....
Then repeal Obamacare, which is the real disaster.  Allow people to buy health insurance in a free market.  Get govt out of the business.
Kinda like the plan you already put into place that we are trying to dig out of! It's @TheDemocrats fault, you only have them to blame.
ACA....HORRIBLE......R "health care.....a little less horrible. We need real American folks(no politicians)to get a decent health care plan.
Shouldn't you be paying people back #BankFraudBernie
Medicare for all or single payer is not the answer. I rather not have the goverment making decisions on my health or kids. #CharlieGard
Our judiciary and government are separate. Are they not in the US? #CharlieGard
Bernie is immune from all pain he belongs to Hillary
A disaster? Unlike Obamacare-oh, wait...
Hey Bernie. What are you paying for yr insurance and how is ur coverage? Are u willing to give it up? Oh that's right you won't have to
So, it's ObamaCare.
Says the guy who embezzled grant and loan money, who has 3 houses; but lectures about evil rich people. Fucking hypocrite.
Obamacare is already a disaster and causing severe economic pain on hard working Americans. Have you talked to any middle class...think not
BIGGER disaster is ur daughter getting $500K 2teach woodworking class at ur wife's SHAM school that stole $10M of taxpayer money! @Cernovich
You and the @DNC are a fkn joke. Just saying.....have a great Monday. Oh....tell the wife hi #MAGA 
US has single payer it's called VA. Think about it!!!
The plan u created is a disaster. Dems fault we r in this mess!
You don't think, do you?
Take your 'single payer' and stick it!
Obamacare has already inflicted a lot of pain on Americans. I think GOP should leave it alone & let it fail. Let Dems 100% own it.
Hey Bernie do you have Obamacare I bet you a nickel that you don't
Idiot 
ACA was financially devastating for millions who are actually footing the bill for everyone else. You're a taker, Sanders. You don't get it.
But forcing middle class Fam to buy BS policy's with high premiums and a 9k deductible doesn't   Who's world are u in. WTF Bernie
Are these the same Americans that are in wheel chairs with oxygen tanks outside of Walmart smoking cigarettes? Why should I pay for them???
Obamacare was written to fail.The rest of this circus is leading us to a single payer system..which you fucks and Obama wanted all along.
That was obamacare, Mr. Crook
So, it's the same as Obamacare, according to this tweet
How concerned were you about it before you bought your 3rd house? Bow's the family holding up under FBI investigation?
Don't you have bank fraud to commit somewhere? #BankFraudBernie
BERNIE IS A DISASTER FOR AMERICA! SOCIALISM DOESNT WORK HERE AND WONT HAPPEN. YOU JUST WANT PPL TO STAY POOR! PATHETIC. GIVE UP YOUR HOMES
Shut up Bernie!  You're a loon.
Did you have the same assessment of the AHA? It is an unsustainable disaster
like your wive's college?
Can you still read?? Socialism destroys countries, I don't believe a word you say.
Because it's not socialized medicine & government can't control it? States need to step in.
You know what caused severe economic pain? Obamacare!!!! Deductibles and premiums so high you can't afford it

Really? Cause Obamacare causes severe hunger pains bc I can't afford to eat due to a ridiculous insurance payment.#HopeUGetHardTime#Prison4U
Total Lie! O'Care is the absolute Disaster! created strictly by Democrats and Socialist in Congress . Thanks for unaffordable HC!
Obamacare ruined my amazing former healthcare !  Bernard!
Are you saying the writers of this are condemned?
Is that to say it's about as bad a bill as the ACA, the piece of crap you Dems forced on us that did the same thing?
Envy is such an ugly emotion.
As disastrous as you & your wife's Bank Fraud Investigation? 
#BankFraudBernie
Yeah, tell us your personal experience with Obamacare and how great it is!  Oh wait...youre exempt because it is wonderful!
Man are we BERNED OUT! STFU and go fishing you old fool.
Bullshit Bernie
makes it no different than Obamacare. You know what government loans have done for students...lifetime debt. Same 4 healthcare
Who are you again?
You lost! Stop worrying about our healthcare and worry about keeping your wife out of jail & taking care of the house Hillary bought you!!!
Obamacare inflicted $1000+ severe pain in tax penalty on me when I was unemployed and unable to afford even ACHA. Obamacare is the disaster.
You mean like the pain your wife inflicted when she tried evict specail needs people from their home? You & wife are corrupt! #MAGA
What about people like me that the current system is bankrupting? Don't we count? Our insurance has never been worse!
what do u know about what we want you're too busy at 3rd house..how did u get 3rd house? did someone pay u 2 keep quiet or just college cash
How's your wife's and your fraud investigation going
Do you really not realize that you are describing Obamacare? 
You are a joke your own party didn't want you !
Worse than Obamacare? Because I'm in pretty serious "economic pain" now thanks to that cluster fuck. #stupidfuck #NotMyDoctor
Obamacare has inflicted severe economic pain on millions of WORKING Americans. Shouldn't you be defrauding a bank or something?
it's already a disaster and economic pain. But you don't care about that, you're just trying to score political points. Sad
Sooo it's Obamacare then?
Your career is an absolute disaster 
You didn't seem to care about the severe economic pain obamacare inflicted on millions, did you?
Does it inflict more pain than I already feel with OCare?  I think not.
ACA scrapped the plan I had and made insurance unaffordable. By your own logic, you killed me.
Economic pain is your land deal con man.
Please explain how "MILLIONS" of Americans are paying "BILLIONS" in tax penalties???
Liar and fraud, Bernie Sanders!!!  You have no idea what you are talking about on any subject do you.?!?
Obamacare already did that and they fined my daughter for not affording it...were on foodstamps you jerks, democrats cost poor Americans



You misspelled Obamacare
If you paid for your own health insurance, as I do, then you'd appreciate what a catastrophe Obamacare has been for people like me.
How do u live with yourself?
You want socialized medicine so ppl r beholding to govt. Ur pawns. Ur votes. U care nothing abt ppl. U & ur wife OBVIOUSLY care abt $$ ONLY.
You don't care a whit about Americans and their health care. Why are your ideals worth more than human lives? Have you considered that?
