

Go get 'em Bernie!
Is anyone actually SURPRISED ? This is , after all the Administration FOR THE ENTITLED - #LetThemEatCake
"But Bernie is not a Democrat!" - Every Centrist ever 
I don't care what Bernie is.He is fighting for the people.That's what matters.The right wants the left to fight with each other.Don't do it.
I don't. It's the center that likes to judge him by whether or not he has a D next to his name.
What you really mean is the budget would ignore your need to spend my tax money on your pet programs and earmarks.
You tell the truth Mr. Sanders

That is true
Why are you pushing this when Sanders is not a Dem and only hurts the party...NOT HELP
They need to remember that there are more ordinary Americans than wealthy Americans who can cast a ballot!
Well I don't know about that. Since Citizens United  $$$ = people.
over the last 30 years when HASN'T it..the dismantling of the poor and middle class has been going on since reagan..#wehaveallbeenduped
And what has BS done. Nada
People with the internet at there fingertips really asking these types of questions but since I'm feeling generous
Need any other clue that the GOP administration is moving us toward oligarchy and away from democracy?
Except we're already in an oligarchy. 2 party, to be specific. REal democracies have multiple parties involved. "Ours" block 3rd parties.
What are we doing about Iran deal
No surprise threre
When will people wake up?
Those who need it MOST get the least and those who need it least gets the most. my heart breaks for the poor in USA 
I love to see that clown make me feel so good
We live in a culture that protects the system & those in power. We neglect those who serve & are served by that system. The system is broken
What happened to "we the people"?! This is not democracy!
Look at the CHART if you don’t BUY what he says! LOOK AT IT!! You’re Being Played!
On Lawrence O'Donnell's show tonight I said that the Tax Reform Act of 1986, which lowered the corporate tax rate by 12 points, led real wages to fall for 10 years. Here is the data. 
Bernie, I'd love to see you win the next Presidential election!  Go Bernie!
It's meant to serve the Kochs & Robt Mercer & every other money-feeder among the privileged class
Heads up Burni
But trump needs golf trips and to make money from the secret service and to do insane expensive political stunts!
https://www.facebook.com/anarsocrad/videos/vb.394833317546973/488489471514690/?type=2&theater …
Go Bernie!!!!!
Just as it has forever ignored the needs of veterans whose lives were shattered by injuries incurred during their service.
Bernie you do not talk for me or anyone but government control
You are a socialist  Bernie
Senator Sanders a question to you: Where have you been for the last 10 years?  "Proven you care for yourself only."
Just increase the income and estate tax rates to 100%, with no exemptions and no deductions. Then you can provide all our needs. 
You DO realize that even if you DID 'the rich' would be OUT of $$ for your 'plan' in less than 1 yr. #NowWhachaGonnaDo
We Live In A Culture, Where POLITICIAN'S CARE ABOUT MONEY LINING THEIR POCKET'S, PARTY FIRST  AND DO NOTHING FOR CONSTITUENTS, EXCEPT TAKE $
Take from the poor and give to the rich.
The budget seems to be made for Trump and his wealthy comrades. He keeps saying that it helps the poor, but how?
Bern how will socialism solve this?
Actually, that was @SenSanders, nd Independent, you know the ones you like to throw under the bus. #OpenPrimaries
Ryan/GOP need to cut costs to offset revenue lost on $5 TRILLION TAX CUTS for BILLIONARIES  -
Sen Dems are faux "resisting" Trump, not fighting for working Americans. Like Obama, they'll leave GOP econ vodou in place if back in power.
Voting for Military while not supporting Medicare is Murder on a vast, systemic level. How many Lobbyists call our Senators to enforce this?
Right? And you KNOW that the senators who do support #MedicareForAll are hoping like hell it never comes up for a vote.
Yeah, it'll mean a lot of work. & Looking friends and lobbyists in the eye & saying, "NO."

But voters come first. #OutnumberLobbyists
Corps aren't donating to Dems b/c they have 0 power, but they're doubling down making it clear they don't work for us. Long term struggle.
Independent liberals pretty much the same with different labels
http://Lol.you  liberals fault for the last eight budgets...this is Trump's first..so blame yourself
Bernie you Liberal Losing Hypocrite again if I'm an ORDINARY American then what are YOU.
we want to thanks all senate who was promote the sanctions of Joseph Kabila regime, and we will thanks the president to make in application.
https://www.facebook.com/SAVE-Humanity 
So let's stop them. Remind the American people what Democrats want to do. Remind them of Republican cruelty to them.
Robin Hood in Reverse https://g.co/kgs/guauK5 
I am quite sure,  that is the original intention of it
Dear Sen. Dems, voting almost unanimously for hundreds of billions of dollars to go to War Contractors, removes from U any right to talk
It's our (taxpayers) money.  Don't take so much.
"Once a country is habituated to liars it takes generations to bring the truth back" - Gore Vidal #NegativeIncomeTax #PharmacologicalFreedom
#FeelTheBern
#TalkBernieToMe!
Where? How?
You have no idea what those needs are.
U mean it doesn't pay back political donors. #hypocrites #DEMSLie #Senate
That is its purpose.
Corporations using automation to replace workers. No tax reductions! Give tax credits based on # full time American workers they employ.
We're voting out every person who voted against Net Neutrality
While you ignore the fact it’s not your money
Democrats have not cared about the middle class for 40 years!!! And still do not, except for tax dollars.
Small business & middle are given with 1 hand and loose more with loss of deductions!
The wealthiest keep getting more & greater loopholes
@HuffPost @politico Absolute nonsense!
Thank you Bernie. You’re the voice of reason! Keep up the good fight.
It's time to stand up and tell Americans what is going on! We have to stop these predators!
By ur definition, what r ordinary Americans?
What kind of ordinary person actually believed that a man who poops on a gold plated toilet would EVER care about them? Stupid fools!!
SO FAR THE SYSTEM OF HELPING THE AVERAGE PERSON HAS WORKED !THERE IS NO NATION WIDE PROTEST! IF WE ALTER THINGS !WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS WILL BE
So u r calling Mr. Forbs a lier? U need an intense lesson on economics or, what I really think is this ur socialist divisive self.
You've been ignoring ordinary Americans for years up until you ran for president so why start now?
No - the Dems ignore the needs of ordinary Americans
Tired of your lies. Makes no difference who's in power you are all corrupt and only look out for yourselves and the people that bought you
Kind of like you! @SenSanders
Which is why they'll pass it.
We The People deserve better than this!
Well dont do that.
Negotiate as job Congress hired to do; stop inane bi-partisanship as Both parties now hurting our people~lead the way!
Socialist bullshit propaganda lies from Bernie Sanders.
Can you please tweet out what the Dems are saying and not this twit Sanders who hates Dems?
And by ordinary I assume he means illegals.
Maybe you should start referring to working Americans or is there not enough of them left to vote
Bc many of u r so corrupt taking $ from donors yet want salary. U r spending taxpayer $'s 4 institutions & neglecting constituents
This is definition of corruption.
Oh hell nah. Clintonistas do not get to even mention corruption or taking $
There is the death toll of Americans due to guns: http://www.gunviolencearchive.org/ . Have you heard any @GOP talk about gun control? Yes, they are ignoring the needs of ordinary Americans.
And increases the deficit - and OUR taxes while reducing the riches... FIRE THEM ALL

Go away Bernie
Wow, Democrats retweet Sen. Sanders, now that is news. Bernie can you provide any specifics, otherwise it’s not possible to believe you.
Not a surprise. Congressional republicans stopped caring about ordinary Americans years ago, except to lie to them constantly!
Gee kind of like socialism.
Liars liars liars
Of course because ordinary Americans are not millionaires and billionaires!
Thank you again good Bernie most honest man in Politics
Why are y'all tweeting his Independent, grouchy ass comments on the Dem page?
Maybe it’s because he’s the most popular politician in our country
At least this budget doesn't attempt to hide gutting Medicare and Medicaid under the guise of Repeal and Replace.
So, do you know what ordinary Americans need? I think not!
Any1 watching this & their response is "He's not a democrat" doesn't give a d@mn about what "real " dems do. Just a weaka$$ talking point.
Keep it up Bernie, you may single handedly give us the next two elections.  MAGA
Mean the budget that feds own 20 trillion $ state like NY own 345 billion$ CA own 450 billion $$. We in a big f%$king hole.
Of course it does. And saddles our country with more debt. @GOP - the party of stupid.
could we expect any different from a @BudgetGOP proposal. ROUTINE, but not shocking.
Keep fighting the good fight more and more are awakening
Let's see when ur party was in control u never produced a budget.  So Bernie do u understand what the founding fathers meant by lim gov
Repubs all over bengazi email ACA for years. Never stopped DEMS raise voices then grow silent.  No fire. Get some fire in your gut!
That's because Trump and his merry band of thieves don't care about ordinary Americans. I thought that was obvious at this point?

Bzzt. Wrong.  Read any primer on Western bioethics.
If we are so wrong, post the opposition and source.
The right to life is trumped by the right to bodily autonomy.  I have no legal right to take your organs or blood even if I will die w/o.
We accept this so strongly it's even illegal to take from the dead, who can't have any use for them anymore.
But, make it about a woman and suddenly the concept becomes controversial.
stop tweeting @SenSanders. He hates the @TheDemocrats.
https://youtu.be/vAHRgZ0rZZs  vancouver fire
He’s not a Democrat. Let the Senate Democratic Socialists tweet about him.
So you are in favor of the TOP tax cuts?
I’m just tired of Bernie.
The most popular politician in America doesn't need to shut up. @SenateDems r wise to follow his lead. Look what happened when they didn't.
He has no “how” He’s a lot like the mango moron.
Actually he does have the how. For instance, how do you pay for #Medicare4All? Like this.

You need to stop taking PAC and big donor money, do away with super delegates, & promote the progressive platform we agreed on vigorously.
By "you" I refer to the Democratic Party.
The Democrats are trying 10x harder than the GOP. They have no traction until the Trump sickness leaves the body of government.
And your budgets were any better?
@POTUS @VP 2/2
Our LAST CHANCE to ADD DEBT to REVIVE ECONOMY which DEMANDS causing BIG 24/7 MFG to return to USA...
What happened to "get your people in line?"
You are a liar.
@SenSanders Can you prove it. To see what the pres. Has done and is doing everyone nows your a lier and for liters the dumbacrats
No he didn't. He's a clown and did nothing then spending ur money.
Sure Bernie, lecture us on ordinary people.
You can clearly tell that isn't him......... 

FIGHT 4  #MentalHealth 1st #CommonSense!
BERNIE 2020
Yws!
Sabotaged and then Paid HIM OFF..... Look at his new home.  Follow the MONEY>
Alt facts or just plain bs?
He works in DC and Vermont...you expect him to commute each day or stay in a DC house and a Vermont house?
And he takes the train and doesn’t drive a fancy car
don't be fooled by these clowns. None of them care about working people. They are all elitists and frauds out for themselves.
We will be living a real life Horror Story if this Republican controlled Congress and President pass any budget!
@POTUS @VP

THIS IS QUITE A SHOW. You guys obviously want the same things, and can't help but meet in the middle.1/2
I thought it was YOUR job to do a budget. When was the last time Congress passed one?
Ordinary Americans are having bullets rip through their bodies—DROP YOUR BUDGET AND DUMP THE GUNS!
Maybe you and wife can give it to them since you stole from campaign you are nothing but a hypocrite Sanders you and Pocahontas are a joke
yelp
You mean Americans that collect a government welfare check and vote for you then that’s great
That's just pure blatant BS.  Cut this constant stream of nasty negativity.  Nobody benefits, and it doesnt get Dems more votes.
What is your definition of "ordinary" Americans?  Does it include the $135 Billion we spent on illegals last year?
Feel free to pay more taxes
and that my friend is a feature, not a bug.
Ordinary Americans do not matter to him.
Hell gaslight and whine until they believe him
Good, the states need to get off the fed's dick.
Yo,  screech from saved by the bell! What up.  I love barstool. Where up with the fake lame name? Whatever,  happy to see you on top Dustin
