I’m sure now that he has his 3 houses  he’d go bigly on the chopper Investment. Amazing the money he’s made in a capitalist society
One of them was paid by his wife, one was inherited while Trump lives in a gold penthouse, and never been more vocal on war on inequality:
Poor old Bernie followers are seriously miss-informed. #Socialism doesn’t work and BTW, who told you he inherited the houses? Lol!
You need to inform the people in the Nordic countries that their highest standard of living on the planet is a failure.
Norway is the closest but still having problems. What’s their population again? #WiseUp
Yeah, those horrible Nordic countries and their best standard of living is horrible. #getaclue
I have a buddy who owned 2 pub/restaurants and closed them to work for a restaurant because of the taxes. Do you know anything about that
you know nothing about me or the millions of millennials in your country. i had to cross the border to work & i still cant afford groceries.
Lol. The senseless stupidity of socialism. Bernie flat out lies with is the only way to sell such a destructive ideology. #Venezuela
#Denmark #Sweeden #Finland #France #UK #Spain #Luxembourg #Belgium #Netherlands #Germany #Poland #Russia #Austria #Switzerland #Italy
Like I said earlier, you don’t know much at all about Europe.
Nice following you got there Bernie

It’s ain’t happening Bernie bro’s. In America, It just ain’t happening no matter how much you want it.
@heylibtard Liar! Stop the spending and slow taxation!
Did you read the article? Curious to hear your thoughts on why you think he's lying.
Time for terrorists to hit billionaires and or their families. Handymen, builders drivers  food outlets can all play a part.ake them scared.
Down with that idea.  Terrorism is NOT a tool for progress, tax policy, regulation, rule of law,  even handed blind justice,  these are.
Why do suckers continue to believe tax cuts for the rich help the middle class, when it is just as simple to help the middle class directly.
Why do suckers believe that allowing people to keep more of the money they earned is somehow taking from the poor and giving to the rich?
Bernie the LIAR!
It's like Robin Hood.  If Robin Hood were an asshole.
Taxation w/OUT Representation is TYRANNY! STOP THE EnSLAVMENT OF WOMEN, especially White Women!
you have your Robin Hood analogy wrong. He robbed from the state to give back to tax victims. YOU are the state, Bernie!
I do not trust you with my money.
Bernie Talks In 2 Two Lingo's:
1: in ENGLISH n
2; in AMERICAN.
I'll bet bernie and his wife derive most benefits, because he composes law to increase his congressional finances, shameful socalist elitist
But it's the wealthy were taxed more, less tax would be a necessity from the poor. Nicht wahr?
Working class protest, oi oi oi
What does it do for the middle class? What about the poor? The rich create jobs for the other two. More money more jobs. There you go #Maga
Didn't they think this in the bush era
Guys, the man who owns three houses, and who’s wife committed bank fraud is going to tell me about those evil rich people again.

Democracy.. People hold the power, majority rule. Nationwide online petitions anyone with a computer can vote on? Working on it.. #kingdom
Hindsight ' s 2020.
Vote Bernie Sanders.
Keep fighting for US Bernie!  Bernie Sanders 2020 .
Trump.....the sponsor for Bad Religion, Punk music.  But he'll Trump us all....
Deplorable
Can anybody confirm that the key Largo Trump resort that profits for this first six months were up 1360%... saw that somewhere leaked .....
Fake finances,  news to discredit potus any way demorats can.

Founded by Democrats.
Bernie the Russian Revolution is over stop with the crazy and tiring statements to cause class warfare. You live of the taxpayers. Enough!

Tired of those  Rich people on welfare, me too!
Bernie is pissed cause he's only a millionaire?
The past 30 years the FAKE Democrats say the same thing,Republicans want to take from poor & make rich richer!I see a lot of rich DEMOCRATS
This  needs to end. The rich need to be taught a lesson.
@theBRpage warned us of this; did we listen?

FUCK NO. 

Apparently no Bad Religion song can make [our] life complete.
Honestly, did you expect it to be anything else?
All poverty is socially engineered for the benefit of the rich, at the expense of the working class and poor!
And I’ll be merrier for it
Many people are not interested in you. You are a known backstabber.
GOP counting on most of their illiterate followers to not ask questions- Who asked questions of Hitler?
The idiots and sheep out there who believe this guy never cease to amaze me!
How stupid are @SenSanders followers lol he sounds like a broken record
And yet everything he spouts works well in other countries.  There must be countries full of stupid people.
Trickle-Down Economics: Something is trickling down (but it's not money)


That's usually how it goes with republicans.
@SenSanders if only it were true!  Someone needs to tell Bernie that socialism does not work outside of “models” and govt jobs.
You should know Bernie takes one to know one
Marxist language 101:  letting people keep more of the money they earned is “stealing” from the poor.

The vision I have had two months a lot of republicans in the house, Senate and Congress will lose their seats at the next election
Put a sock in sanders!!!!
Remember you were a bum on welfare till you were in your 40s
How about someone revealing just how many people pay so called death taxes and how most avoid them currently
How about a tax plan that increases the dependent and or standard deduction for all those earning less than $100,000.00 to $250,000
Socialist Bernie is at it again. I'm a retired public servant with little to show for it, but I'm convinced penalizing the successful is bad
Butcher of English has the audacity to call someone "retarded". How very MAGA of you...
How about a plan that doesn’t allow Corporations to ever pay $0 in income taxes or for anyone to zero out taxes with paper losses
How about a tax plan that increases the amount of earnings subject to FICA and does not allow anyone to avoid it thru LLC’s?
Bernie never gets tired of lying to the American people.  Lies, lies and more lies Bernie Sanders.  Your initals BS says it all Bull Shiter
Bernies actual name is Chicken Little:).
Obviously
Very poor analogy/comparison. No one is stealing from the poor by taxing wealthy less
Some parties are just made that way. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bqa07rA6XW0 … @BadReligion #RobinHoodInReverse
Take from the poor, give to the rich. It's been that way for millenia
More Fake news.
BERNIE2020
lol

Bernie, I have the budget it's downloadable. Don't see any of what your saying in the budget. Tell me where do you get this stuff?
Bernie had chance and conceded it to Hillary. Time to put your personal politics aside and work in bipartisan mode to do things for citizens
Trump's Budget supported by Trump's GOP
exactement la même politique que son ami @EmmanuelMacron
I’m glad you lost Bernie not much else to say. If you support 90% taxes on the highest earners you are really just a communist !
And we WOULDN'T have that if you had not helped put him into office. Too little, MUCH too late. You obviously didn't give shit then.
Keeping OUR $ WE earned by OUR hard work is "giving us a gift?"  ITS OURS!  Noone POOR gave us OUR JOBS or OUR MONEY.  Mr. Hood was a crook!
You had a chance to try and change history by running as an independent and didn't.  Instead, you sold out to Clinton.  Don't preach now...
More money in your pocket Bernie
Actually it's not Robin Hood at all - he took from the govt to give to the poor.  Bernie Sanders is the opposite of Robin Hood.
we have to work days and nights to gain and not lose.
..but Republicans do have some really slick ads that will sway the uninformed.
Class Hatred seems to work for you but, it does nothing to increase jobs & wages for American Citizens.
Reforming the tax code, leveling the playing field and addressing the wealth gap are not class warfare. It's saving capitalism from itself.
Bernie, move to Cuba or Venezuela. After some Venzuelan's ate their pets, they started eating rats. Socialism is cancer.
Would be nice to actually propose solutions not just rhetoric. We have heard this all before
'Robin Hood in reverse' = Sheriff of Nottingham. That's the chap whose plans RH was trying to thwart.
Says The Socialist Bernie who has reaped millions as a public servant and owns 3 houses and his wife under investigation for fraud? Lol
House in DC is a condo bought 20 years ago
Lake house he bought with book sales + sale of wife's family home
VT home is modest, suburban
#StillBernie
nice
