The United States has the highest corporate tax rate of any developed country in the world. #CNNDebateNight
Great @SenSanders!  Let’s punish the folks that create & provide #jobs & #healthcare for the majority #Americans because your jealous?
Most developed countries have better wealth distribution than us. I don’t blame the government, I blame you for voting in lying scum bags
Wealth distribution is illegal, 4a calls it seizure. In the US each is responsible for self. And, who I vote for is my biz!  Growup!
I’m talking about disparity of wealth. It’s called paying tax.
Always love when politicians use words like "effective" which is code for, I changed it to meet my narrative

Thank you Tom, I know what "effective" tax rate means. My point is, that statistics can be construed to be"anything" you want them to be.
In 1944, for every $1 PEOPLE paid in taxes, Corps paid $1.50. Now for every $1 PEOPLE pay, corps pay $.25. That's a big fucking tax shift. Those are fucking facts.
Can we please, try to communicate without showing how small our vocabularies really are? No need for Fuck to be used. I mean really?
I don't mind when ppl disagree with me as lo g as they are civil
Me either, my tweet was in reference to funcknjunk
Bern, your statement of fact doesn’t make Ted’s false. The word “effective” changes the topic of discussion. High rates still cause problems
@RobTheGamer you should find yourself an example where socialism dident completely fail. That is, if you have a load of free time.
I'm not an advocate of socialism. I think you're getting a us vs "them" mentality. I'm American. Just like you.
Re-tweeting Bernie requires serious brainwashing. Your also assuming that im American.

Bernie knows!! That’s how other countries have free medical!! Ugh
Free? Haha.
If this was really a good tax reform bill, they wouldn't have to push so hard to get it passed. They know that it is bad for the majority.
@tedcruz Bernie,14%? Who
is the source MSNBC, the absolute worst.
That's a lie!!!
Ted Cruz lies for Koch.
Ted likes to forget that the effect of loopholes and other tax dodges lowers the EFFECTIVE tax rate to less that what the average worker pay
Thank you, Mr Sanders, for your support.
Actually, it's mostly true:
Bernie you're incredibly senile tax loopholes need to be eliminated lower the corporate tax rates from 35 to 20% you're an idiot

is that why they try to move profits offshore? to pay higher taxes? you are a nitwit Bernie.
Don't confuse labor costs with taxes. You could make the taxes is 0% the labor would still be way cheaper in other countries
not talking about manufacturing, I'm talking about moving profits that are taxed. big difference.
Bottom line point. Reduction in Corp taxes will not increase jobs.  Here is Mark Cuban's take..enjoy

http://blogmaverick.com/2011/11/15/my-views-on-corporations-taxes/ …
Stick it to'em Bernie.
@tedcruz your claim is an easily refutable lie! 

Who do Republicans think they’re fooling? 

Oh, that’s right. gd half the electorate.
Half the electorate, less than half the actual population..... that’s kind of a silver lining?
Half the legal population
False; corp tax rate highest in world. A myriad of complexities to corp tax code allows effective taxes paid to vary widely i.e. "Unfair"
So... U say the tax code needs simplified?
@SenSanders you have facts on your side, but dumb voters don't know that, they keep voting against their own self-interest...
You noticed that, too!
Ted Cruz and other Republicans try to sell their tax cuts for the rich by lying through their teeth. I don't know how people still buy it.
Thanks for telling the truth Bernie. I am sick of these elected officials not getting their facts correct and just lying to all Americans.
Go ahead and tell us how the money the gov borrows is considered income and counted in the GDP burnie
Taxes are borrowed?
No, what I am saying is, that the $ the Federal government is considered as income to calculate the GDP.
Sorry, should be that the money the Federal government borrows is counted as income.
thank you bernie for shedding light on the awful lies
Not true.
Bernie what would you know about taxes other than how to be a tax cheat You & Your libturd ilk steal our hard earned money under the guise of taxes then spend it like drunken sailors How about you & your libturd friends start paying your fair share before asking for more of my $
Strawman
@BernieSanders time for facts not political rhetoric
Term limits.
And yet, your pay check comes out of my checking account.
Not at all lol
What do you mean uno?
Bernie is now manufacturing Alt Facts
Sen. Bernie Sanders,you always tell the whole TRUTH, Corporate taxes are way To LOW! All they want is MONEY!
It's so nice to be able to rely on someone to give you the facts as the really are. @SenateMajLdr  @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump .
1. I hate he was educated in my city. 2. He thinks he’s outsmarting everyone. 3. He is universally disliked. 4. Thus he has poor judgement.
So America sits and allows this Dummies
Cruz lied & lied. He baited you, told rambling stories, & avoided issues with attempts at empathy. You stuck to the issues. #OurRevolution
#impeachallrepublicans#maga
Why don’t they tax 1%er’s at 50% again so they reinvest in US business as write off instead of world markets?
Keep them honest Bernie!
Ok, just keep us informed. 
Not a chance in this world to keep them honest!
Bernie unfortunately u have never worked in the private sector u have been a communist all ur live so u r clueless on entrepreneurship
Bernie it's the marginal rate business will plan when marginal rates r high there is no incentive to produce or become more profitable
Not true, Cruz. Fact check please. We can do that now so you need to be honest.
i was wondering about that (largest thing). so is our corporate tax rate an unreliable indicator much like our medical bills are a result of a endless cycle of hikes and discounts between providers and insurers (leading to misleading numbers)?
Lying Ted Cruz, that's one thing #shitstain45 got right!
@tedcruz is an idiot anyway. High corp taxes create jobs, the expenses of having employees are deductible. The stock market is a problem.
Even warren buffet says in interviews that corporations and rick should pay much more. He admits he pays less tax than his employees
U don’t hardly pay taxes u hide money in wife’s name
Call him out boo 
False. That is a fabrication. Care to mention some specific companies?
Ted Cruz knows nothing
They keep repeating this lie because none of their base will do the most basic Google search.  Ignorance isn’t just bliss, it’s behavior.
Same false argument Trump bullshits, people, wake up
Take a look at what @WhiteHouse published on its web site. Same bull pucky.
Bernie wiped the floor with ted Cruz god damn
What is corporate income as a percent of GDP?
Like you're surprised, everything out of his mouth is a lie
It's 13 to 17%add unprofitable filters get 22.7%it does vary across corporations,the data is incomplete.
The figures are from 2010,7 yrs old
tell em bernie. goddam zodiac killer spitting out lies
Haha. How about corporations that aren’t large which is most of the businesses?  Taxes as a % of GDP is phony, misleading and irrelevant
I support revenue neutral corp tax reform to eliminate loopholes and lower top rate. Can pass. If you can generate revenue go for it Bernie.
The US has more tax evasion/deferral, tax avoidance, & tax havens than any other country. Effectively, corps and wealthy only pay a pittance
U mentioned Koch bro' a lot last night Senator. You should have mentioned the Mercer' who back Cruz & racist Bannon. They r worse than Koch'
Bernie, are you calling the Zodiac killer a fucking liar?
I don't believe you. I believe Ted Cruz. It comes down to character. And you are a sellout. You are a liar . /shrug.
There's those darn pesky facts again.... were it not for the facts, Americans would believe Cruz wasn't lying again......
Wow fuckin RATIO'D
And there's 190 countries really Bernie
Ted Cruz is a lying snake-oil salesman.
@tedcruz couldn’t help himself @SenSanders. The @realDonaldTrump was talking into his earpiece and telling him what to say
Does that take into account the ludicrous practice of allowing corporations to pay zero tax, and get rebates in the billions?
Where were the fact checkers last night @jaketapper ? You let lying Ted lie his arse off.
Only suckers pay list price amd only poorly run companies pay standard tax rate.
Lot u
Lying Ted!!
"Alternative math"@tedcruz
THANKYOU FOR DISCREDITING FALSE INFO & GIVING US TRUTH BERNIE/ALL THE LYING GOING ON WILL DESTROY US
Tell’em Bernie. Expose the lies and half-truths!!
Lies!
Teddy is no accountant and has no idea what the difference is between nominal and effective tax rates. Smh.
Thieves! EB 
Cruz just spouts the same gibberish that Trump uses.

Gee, Mr. Sanders, he said tax rate, not effective tax rate.  Eliminate all the loop holes and then lower the rate.
Been if they are so low why do companies stick pile green backs off shore
No matter how many times you say it Teddy , it that isn’t true
That simply is not true @tedcruz
GOP 3/4 of voter plus libs that helped
Cruz forget Sanders his hair is blowing in the wind. New beach house and baby at
Baby  car
You love Ted. Neither of you are successful.
Ted Cruz really ought to get his facts straight.

Both senators and they are very, very confused! Go do your job senators and work hard for US
You pointed out he is talking about nominal tax rate, not effective. Yet his minions still push this bs inbetween porn likes.
@VandelayDelores @tedcruz Challenge to tax cutters: Show me 1 company with an effective tax rate of 35%. Mission impossible.
All taxable income is subject to tax at 34% or 35% where taxable income exceeds $335,000. It's not that cut & dry Bernie you dont understand
You use statistics like a fish uses a bicycle.  If rates were so great why is so much cash sitting offshore, genius???
That's because they keep profits off shores. This tax plan will bring it back, and incentivize companies to keep it here.
Cruz you are a fucking lying douchebag go play with yourself watching porn
How about small companies ?  How about pass through income?
Well of course, wasn’t he nicknamed “Lying Ted” by the Liar in Chief?
"Developed countries"

I love watching the Bernie Bro's twist themselves into a pretzel to cover for the loon-bag
I think Trump is rubbing off on Cruz
Corporate tax is 14%? More than the 13% you paid. Trump paid more than double. Even Obama, Clinton, & Romney paid more than you... comrade.
I continue to search for the manifestation of the allegations about Ted Cruz, being really smart; but they continue to elude me.
They just feel if they keep saying it, it will become fact!
But is anyone listening to Ted Cruz?
Not true
Ted Cruz, Trump's spineless parrot.
That's bs Bernie

The effective corporate tax rate is 4th highest in the world.
@SenSanders should've been president. you've proved it time and time again and they ruined their chances. RUN AGAIN. PLEASE.
https://t.co/ayAEaM5251?amp=1

You're as big a liar as trump
Ted is such a snake!
Why a developed nation has to listen to Ted Cruz is beyond me. #TrumpIsTheWorstPresidentEver
There is just so much bullshit going around these days
@tedcruz o no another liar.
Cruz is a proud member of the LIARS Club with @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump  @housebudgetGOP @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
I guess ted does not like rhe truth either
#FakeNewsBernie. Apples & Oranges Bernie! Cruz is referring to the MARGINAL rate and you slipped in EFFECTIVE rate. Two different animals.
More BS from B.S.
Corporate welfare queens! Never satisfied until we are adding to credit side of their ledgers.
Seems Repub’s like to state falsehoods without checking facts first
And if you translate that percentage into actual dollar amounts?
Thank you for calling out Cruz's bullshit!
Not true. More lies.
But nobody pays that.  GE has paid no taxes in years
If you compair it with Portugal, nothing but banks have such a low tax rate
wow lower than 22 countries we should be the lowest

He and Annoying Orange think telling a lie three times makes it true. NOT!!!!!
The only holding in my algorithm-balanced 401K which consistently gains is Large Corporations
The myriad of loopholes that are utilized by corporations sometimes bring taxes to zero, and some still even earn refunds and subsidy.
I hope ted is learning something Bernie.
Trump was correct on one thing, Lyin Ted.
Both of them are ethics deprived.
@JackFiefer @sevenhardway -Is Bernie right? You two are way smarter than me....   Don't be a Lemming and follow blindly off a cliff...
It's a lie that refuses to die
@spottydoggie @tedcruz exceptw/all the freaking loop holes, becomes 1of the lowest, not counting"area"ldeals, like UK, IRELAND,
Bernie you don’t know Jack about taxes
When will the truth be the truth again?
Details, details...
Effective rate is just 14% instead of 35% because of loop holes in the tax code. Similar loop holes help Soros and mega Dem donors! Fix It!
Trump and lying Ted using same telepropter
If Bernie is right, why don’t the companies stay here if it’s so low? Why are they leaving? Why would they go to where taxes are higher?
You were great last night
No wonder that Ted Cruz is among the most disliked legislators in Washington. And he wants to be President. Laughable and pathological.
THE MAJORITY COULD SEE THE ARROGANT TED LYING THROUGH HIS TEETH! BERNIE IS ABSOLUTELY RIGHT!!!!
Most these have paid into your and other politicians funds thru their #Lobbies. #CorruptPoliticians will do anything to prop their #Donors
14%? Lmao. That’s more than you pay.
Yes & just how many of those Corps actually pay in that 14% most hv -0 on their bottom line then get back free up 2 33%-66% with tax breaks
asdfghjkl
Reaching the "effective" rate requires companies to jump through hoops of fire.
Giving advantage to big companies over small .
Funny math. Bottom line, simplifying tax code makes sense. Reducing exorbitant Corp tax rate without misplaced incentives brings back $
You are a liar Bernie! Here's the facts
It makes no difference Bernie.  Lets get it even lower do your people can get back to work.
@tedcruz Stop spreading this lie. Show your work.
Set them straight Mr. Sanders
Is bernie running next presidential election?
FLAT TAX ALL AROUND! It’s a completely fair way of doing it. Tax imports into our country.
Now folks what We have here is just a Straight out lie, do some research America, stop believing everything this guy says.
Thanks Senator Sanders for speaking the truth. Ted Cruz is a dangerous idiot.
Nice one Bernie!
I have a corporation. Please, please, please tell me how I can get in on a 14% tax rate.
I thought you was a guy that wanted to do good for the poor and middle class I think I was very wrong.
If tax rates are great, why are trillions of $ held off shore? Let American companies create American jobs.
How do you know? You’ve never actually had. A real job or employed anyone. Start a business then see how taxes stifle growth.
So if you say its 14% and they raise it to 20% how is it a tax cut lol
In Spain it's 25-30% depending on company size! 14% is cheap!!
Not sure that's the best argument, given Spain's economy has been a dumpster fire for decades (and I dislike Trump, also not a Republican).
So who has the proof?
Well Bern you know how those Repugnicunts are, Lying is all they know how to do, for the truth is not in them.
This is dumb and not true
Economic growth: let's tax corporations and renew our infrastructure again.
Thay sir is a form of ass rape.
Lie
"false"
don't you mean "WRONG!"
Cruz lies.  Lying Ted!
Wow.. how unusual another lie. Thank you Senator.
Ted Cruz would break out in hives if he told the truth. That is insane that US has a lower Corp tax rate per GDP than 22 countries.
Thanks for the debate Bernie. It was like watching conservative porn on CNN. If your wife lawyers are as smart as you she’s screwed.
Sorry Mr Sanders that is BS. Any goggle search will prove you wrong.

This is the best way to deal with fakenews
Why do they lie about easily verified facts?
@POTUS. @tedcruz. Why do you continue to lie about verifiable facts? The Rupublican Party is setting itself up for its own distruction!
When you say “effective”is this based on tax AFTER deductions. There is a big difference.
How the he'll did ted get into Harvard, affirmative action?
There goes lying ted again
