It's also a destruction to humanity. You  post lies which causes hate amongst it people, you allow immorality and force it on moral people.
no instead we'll hand over the monopoly to the state. #statheism
Yeah, government should control the flow of information that it's people receive just like the great guys Stalin and Castro did
No. That's not at all what NN is about. It's not the gov't saying what you can access, it's the gov't saying ISPs can't restrict your access
Yes, since bandwidth is a finite resource, someone is going to have to get throttled. You want that power to go to government not the people
Or the companies could actually build enough capacity to serve their users.
You trust politicians to control the internet access. I trust the free market. History is on my side.
The utility nature of infrastructure directly precludes its treatment as a free market.  It *must* be regulated for the good of the populace
These are not facts. You are merely spouting the economic philosophy of Socialism.
Being a socialist concept does not preclude also being fact.
#NetNeutralityNow #MunicipalNow #BandwidthIsNotAFossilFuel Municipal internet would reinforce net neutrality because it is a utility!
Pretty uninformed vid on internet censorship?
I feel like now isn't the time
Well we do feel like now is the time.
No I support the cause but strategically this just isn't the best time to post a video saying THE INTERNET IS UNDER ATTACK
Ajit Pai's re-confirmation is this week, so unfortunately now *is* the right time, regardless of what else may be happening in the world.
Exactly the fascist wing isn't gonna stop their agenda because of vegas, they're gonna use it as a distraction to ram thru legislation.
like they used our rightly placed focus on PR need to do away with #CHIP
That's what this administration does...exploit disasters and crises to divert attention from their shit agenda.
Kommunist.
Oi!:-) Jaja! Den har jeg aldri hørt før, og den passer så dårlig at jeg bare må le: )
Agreed. Time for Facebook and Twitter to stop blocking anti-left messaging on immigration control
only the government shall have full control, right Bernie?
Let down to hear you didn't take part in the vote against confirmation of @AjitPaiFCC What happened?
Cracks me up. Big internet companies are ALL leftist, continually blocking the right. People here complaining about Trump being a fascist.
Don’t let the internet become another tool for corporate income. FREE and open internet!!
The second amendment rights of the citizens is critical to democracy. We can't allow gun hating politicians to have greater control over freedom. #voteforfreedom #punishtheshooternotlawfulgunowners #gunfreezonesdontwork.
Uhh... Wrong thread bro. This is about the internet, not guns
And no hacking by Russians to influence a country’s democracy
You don't know the first thing about the guts of the Internet so stop pretending #wakeupBern
What about Facebook? Twitter? Netflix? Tinder? Amazon? Google?
You are sick people.
why the censorship? What happened to free speech? Really? WTF is hate speech? N Sinatra NRA members excuted? That's ok but vetting is hate?
Municipal would reinforce the net neutrality rules because it would make the internet a utility spread the word!
You're lucky to live in that environment. Unfortunately we are not so lucky so even reports of Judicial Commission aren't released here
So we let the Government do it?? Yeah, uhhh, no thanks!!
The internet means we can communicate globally...don't let big business or government take that from us!!!
In addition it allows companies like youtube, twitter, and facebook the ability to more easily quiet people who are against them politically.
Free, Free, Free is that the only word you know...
With 10K $ per capita for health care in USA average life expectancy should be 93 yrs not 78 like now.
save #netneutrality
Please run for President Bernie.  Your country needs you.
Imagine how much freedom we will have once their lobbyists run things.
thank you
What about Google and Facebook?
"They only censor conservatives, so that's okay."
People already have a movement to counter censorship by governments. Its called the blockchain... internet 2.0.  #decentralised information.
#NeverDJTHRC w/PatriotAct "Collect All Data" in Place, Tout Freedom Then Russia Hillary Clinton [Facebook]Censorship
this is the way Bernie wants it, socialism allows for government control of everything
What more can we do? It’s as if folks R all asleep and the capital fat cats wanna control and take all $$$$ they can, keep folks suppressed
Bernie,, please find out who authorized that "No" vote at the UN. It is totally against our US Constitution.
This idea does nothing but hurt the consumer while lowering costs for Google and other enshrined corporations.
The Democratic party must censure the three idiots on the senate that killed the internet today
OK, I'm with you on that one.
True, but we also Google is demoting sites in search results, and it is politically motivated.
Isn't this the PERFECT time for them to try and screw us over while there is a distraction?  Am I the only one who thinks about these things
and yet @clairecmc just voted AGAINST net neutrality as one of four Dems voting Ajit Pai back in to FCC!
lets look up "campaign contributions from Charter and other internet providers to Claire McCaskill". Politics as usual Claire???
Can I ask why you didn't help Hilary Clinton when she won against you? I really believe had you backed her she would've won. They saw you.
Finally! @SenSanders finally sends out a tweet that I agree with and can actually get behind.
Big Brother encroaches every day threatening all our freedoms. Please keep up your hard work Senator Sanders.
-A supporter from Canada
Not that this isn't important, but RUSSIA IS ACTIVELY DESTABILIZING WESTERN DEMOCRACIES! Dude, please prioritize better.
like hitler, control the media control the masses.
We have public venues to exercise right to communicate. If we allow ISPs to filter their traffic then govt should provide digital pub. roads
So does this mean we'll be able to sue social-media companies for throttling our posts they don't like? #netneutrality
Just keeps coming?
So you want to stifle freedom of speech    communism is not going to work here nor socialism Get a new talking point bernie
Crucial to education
Agreed wifi nation wide
We need to beak up the cable cos hold on terratories and allow competition-the same way phone cos had to allow competition
For once, I agree with you Bernie
net neutrality is a brilliant idea. see what Mark Zuckerberg thinks?
Why would I give a shit what Mark Zuckerberg thinks?
because he's an internet giant that believes in censorship of views that aren't his.
Bernie those are your trolls !
It is his left friends who does that...
Interestingly I find myself agreeing with you. Just so long as you're happy to hear some personal attacks and not go mad it's great!
Yeah we shouldn't allow CNN, Washington Post manipulate the information and news,  we should  start there!
BS
Remember that time you voted against allowing gun victims to sue gun manufacturers...yeahh
You mean like Facebook and twitter that boycott speech they don't agree with?
This should be a bipartisan issue.
Why does #CRAZY BERRNIE talk about democracy when he's a communist. I hope nobody think this guy wants to help you. Look at his CROOK WIFE.
I agree! And free, open markets are essential for our society. Let the free markets be free!
If you haven't, already: post your support of net neutrality to the FCC.
Why are your supporters shooting ppl?  https://twitter.com/microprimetime/status/914879771405778944 …
Wow! How convenient for you Bernie, twitter gave you a lifeline and deleted the post, I’ll know better next time to screenshot

Stephen Paddock at Trump hating rally; draw your own conclusions but I say Pink you Stink
#TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayMotivation 
#MAGA 
Except when it comes to healthcare. Do democrats even listen to what they say and how they speaks both ways.

So, Bernie you want the government to control what we see?  Sounds like a Nazi program to me!
You mean like when Google blocks conservative websites or when FB deletes conservative posts?
good idea - but in actually, informational's field liberty in framework of capitalism - it's just illusion!
#MSNBC was clamoring for a Ministry of Truth the other day with their #Russia schtick. TPTB want 2 control the info that we see.
Net neutrality is required for free speech to be meaningful in the information age.  Otherwise, our human rights will be in jeopardy.
It is time to stop "the revolving door"...
so,so TRUE.
We can't allow companies to have more control but we sure can allow the government to have more control. So slimy and yucky!!
Let me be skeptical that you want a an open internet. Seems like you want to have governmental control over the internet.
@paulasoprana lá também né? Que interessante
sim =(
Okey Dokey @BernieSanders we'll all get on that by 2020 No worries 
So true.. it is right of information. We are not into a show room where the products are restricted
Protect the net by all means.
Fuuuuuucking hell, this is like the thirtieth time in the last four years, something needs to be done to put an end to this
Las Vegas is a big tragedy first because we don’t have a ban on assault weapons!!!
You guys had a entire app removed from Google because someone posted a offensive meme on it
Internet aint what it used to be.
yeah you see if you weren't allowing google and the sort to censor maybe you have a leg as it time for net neutrality to end.
Call your Reps, do NOT let them destroy our internet.

#Resist
Those telecom companies are ran by libs. Take out your trash bern

While at it - more controls on @NSAGov #UDAQ access & searches on citizens as well! http://www.wired.co.uk/article/gchq-tempora-101 … 
They do not care.
@RepTomSuozzi Tom please take a look at this issue and stop the madness!
Restricted Internet is Essential to Properly Functioning Fascism, Senator.!  @alfranken @FCC @AjitPaiFCC @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @MSNBC
The democracy of train drive / ride. Our destination is preprogrammed  and we all submit to their mighty power Everything is controlled.
Bernie, you are my hero. Along with al franken. Keep doing the work of the people of America!
Internet is the modern library  necessarily IT must remain free & open with little to no restriction
Maybe we should hire your daughter for $500,000 to teach an Internet class. 

How's your wife's investigation going?
Gun control now! Enough is enoug
Thanks staffer
Bernie is just a hypocrite he want my money but don't touch his
Right we can't let the companies have control, we better let the government do it instead
I Agree! I want an open Internet!!
Let's do it!!!
Tell it to your comrades in Russia.
Because this is what we're talking about today?!
You sound like Hugo Chavez.
Coupled with that must be a mechanism that can certify information as true & correct Or speculation / opinion.
The information providers need to provide the author and geo location of materials presented. Consumers data is being sold to them anyhow.
So introduce some legislation protecting a free and open internet.  Then work to support it in every forum you can access. Use ur power
Kind of scares me when I find myself in agreement with Bernie.
You should be preaching that to Google hypocrite!
produce good product/service and the customers will come.  How it's been from the beginning NOTHING for crappy workmanship #barneygeneration
Stop lying n be a statesman n help heal this country!!
Ur a senator n u accuse prez of racism while knowing it's utter b.s. no Spanish live in Texas or fla? Prez grandkids Jewish senator! Wth!
Great job Trump helping Puerto Rico
you're Right Bernie
This one I agree with completely. Still can’t stand you though Bernie.
Is this Bernie Sanders talking about democracy? @benshapiro
Net Neutrality is so fundamental to an open democracy - I can't believe our law makers would dream of taking it away.
Look at the ones who want to take it away, regressive GOP.
I totally support the free internet! So all of us can continue to choose what to see and what to hear online! 
And Bernie declares something else should be free.  Surprise!
British courts may unlock secrets of how Trump campaign profiled US voters
Conservative voices need to stop being silenced on social media services.  YouTube and Google need to be classified as monopolies.
Work on stopping the silencer bill
Talk to Google, Facebook, And other internet company’s. They are killing free speck!
Can you help me??? =)))
click here http://www.ermail.com/klik/UHNUZGsD    
love you <3
Fair and unbiased Primaries are necessary for our Democracy to work.  Your silence is UNACCEPTABLE!  #DNCFraudLawsuit #SpeakUpBernie
Do something about it then.
Too bad that "your" media network (TYT) is implicitly pushing for #censorship 
#berniesanders #FakeNews
So the government has to take control of the internet to make it free and open???
Now you are really going to piss off Guv Ed. #DNC2016
It's not surprised they're trying to eliminate net neutrality. Any bastion of democracy is a thorn in the side of the oligarchy. #Bernie2020
You will promise anything for free.  Wake up, nothing is free
I'm really, really glad you "get it", @SenSanders. Please make sure your friend and colleague @SenWarren also feels the way you do.

We need competent and informed members of Congress to field a multitude of issues. Keep fighting the good fight, sir.
Does Sen. Warren feel differently?
No matter what you have, the govt. will want to take control of it.
It isn't often that I agree with Bernie but I do this time
No #NWO not today 
What about #Porn? Shouldn't Verizon try to stop True Filth from corruption of their Communities?
You want private companies with no public responsibility to decide what should and should not be available on the internet?
Government passes laws, but @VerizonSupport can enable Parental Controls and @VZFoundation as I hear is funding innovation in logging/audit.
What is your concern?
Even when it allows POTUS to declaim bullhorn Rubbish plus it allows us to tell POTUS that he is the prime FAKE NEWS instigator. #DumpTrump
Yes! Thank you.
The problem is in big web, companies that are becoming -too big- like 2008 too big to fail banks in their influence and overreach.
Telcos need new business models to update the infrastructure. Check the balance sheets and enough of big web lobbying influence.
here your blood money . lets hope congressmens enjoy it for what it worth ...
There are some that get $2,500 from NRA members. It doesn't show up that they took money from NRA. They have an A+ rating. Scott Perry.
FREE,FREE,FREE make the share holders of tech development companies pay for the deadbeats =Net neutrality.
That's not at all what net neutrality is. Is that really what you think? It's about providers being able to control access.
Given the Russian disinformation on Facebook  I'd say it must be open.   Otherwise we will never know the truth.
https://twitter.com/TomFitton/status/914567727267770368 … you should call for a new investigation sen. sanders
This may have been @JudicialWatch's most important finds -- Benghazi, ISIS, al-Qaeda, arms to Syria. http://jwatch.us/z1eQry 
Why can people buy automatic weapons!
I just posted about this yesterday! Ajit Pai is a jerk
So the solution is government control?
Please vote no Bernie!! Thank you!!
Wow .. We also need wikileaks.. Bernie smartest thing u ever said
Limiting the 1st Amendment is bad, but you're fine with limiting the 2nd.
Be consistent.
if facebook, google use massive bandwidth why shouldn't they the carriers for it? "Net Neutrality" is just facebook, google lobbying disguised as a consumer issue.
Bernie, wow the only issue I have ever been on the same side with you. Shocking!
Pai seriously needs to be removed. He's practically foaming at the mouth over destroying net neutrality.
that would be almost as bad as government control.
So you can put More lies on there to try to win elections. Booo shut it down trump
Is that how @algore wanted it when he invented the Internet?
Damn bernie thats something that we agree on. Do you think there's something wrong with me? I don't feel well.
You clearly don't understand how the Internet works.  It is more complicated than you think (from someone w/ 30 years experience). #getaclue
AGREED
We did some statistical analysis on the legitimacy of comments submitted to the FCC.
So then Bernie, why is it that the Muslim @POTUS44 was for the "net neutrality" law? You dumb Democrats and Socialists need to get on 1 page
Bernie stop pushing your utopian FREE FREE bullshit. You are a total phony, socialism never works.  Read some history & go away. #maga
Decentralize everything. Promote competition.  And let innovators innovate.
Important, but hard to get my head together and focus on the issue.
