Why is it with every Trump mishap, lie, or mess he creates some idiot mentions Obama doing something totally unrelated.
He is comparing him to every other President in his lifetime. That IS the comparison, what are you, slow? Try and pay attention
IRS auditing is not a crime its something they must do, its more of an inconvenience.
Trump sucks, but don't they all lie? 
The difference is between a) spinning partisan facts and b) fabricating ridiculous stories out of a completely delusional narcissistic brain
My theory is that we ended up with Trump b/c there isn't a difference. Trump's a reflection of how the people see politicians. Lies are lies
No crying here. This is precisely what I expected. You can't be disappointed when you know politicians are all egomaniacal sociopaths.
You aren't very bright. I'm not even bothering trying to convince you of any realities here.
But you aren't on the Impeachment train though shut up
This is confusing to me. ..
Why won't they start the process?  If there was a harsher penalty it should be enforced! He is treasonous
They can't start the process because he has yet to do anything impeachable if you New your constitution you would now that
Is it impeachable yet ?? Lol
Special prosecutor is on the way!
And still will find nothing.   Due to it all being a fake story to hide the fact that democrats are the ones committing all the crimes.
So sad
So Sad that liberals have to lie there way into office because they wouldn't get elected without it
Bernie is eating those words
Let's compare  Obamas & your lies, shall we?
Please!  Term Limits to get rid of old codgers. I was taught that what I said told the truth about who I am. Do you lie Bernie Sanders??
This is true but lying seems to be the least morally objectionable thing that he does. That's how bad it is!
#BERNIESANDERSPOTU2020
Errr really? Mate. How are you still alive? Just die, give what ever seat you are sitting in to someone cool
Seriously, you got shafted by the Dems and you are still peddling their BS?
I think that he believes his own lies. He calls the Russia investigation a "witch hunt". He's convinced himself that he has squelched it.
It's also not normal that His Own Staff Think his Presidency is doomed LOL!
Something explosive is about to happen.  Give it a week or two, Max
Pinckney Adams-Onis Treaty and Friendship Treaties Slavery and Human Trafficking Larceny Robbery Comprises and Bargain 1870, God Happening
Yall done a good job lying about HIS TROY
Bernie you got screwed by the DNC if u had balls to stand for whats right we won't be dealing trump today..
Not true, there's nothing else he could've done without handing Prez 2 Trump #DNCFraudLawsuit is still going on despite major media blackout
lawsuit  will see how it goes...he might get screwed also Bernie is weak only tough on tv
U dont remain an Independent member of Congress 4 that many years by being weak He is honestly trying 2 get our country on a good path 4 all
People love #Bernie, but so many people don't act trusting of him. I think #Bernie should be Pres. as soon as possible. #PresidentSanders
I think Bernie Sanders should retire.
Probably would if he didn't give a dam about U & everyone else in this country. It's not like he must do what he's doing, love 4 the people!
If it's not normal, then #formerpresidentobama shouldn't have made it standard operating procedure for 8 years. #itgoesbothways #hypocrite
I wouldn't believe anything that came out of Trump's mouth if it came out on angel wings.
Of course is not normal, he is a sick man, demential, MENTALLY DERANGED. Stop him before is too late.
Presidents not lying? When? All the time? Proof?
Bernie is being a part of the Senate Delegations of 1870 a Lie, that the Comprises and Bargain allows you. all Presidents ability too lie
Look who's on the show, you a pathological liar you're on Fake news they cost the Dems the election, you idiot
Trump is a master of lying, can probably fool a lie detector machine - remember John Baron/Miller https://goo.gl/YrrdSu 
This is a very stupid post only Hillary, Bill and Obama are Pathological liars
Ha! As compared to Obama and his sec of states Clinton and Kerry who lied all the time...
And why we supported & still support Bernie. #UsNotMe
After Bernie learned that the DNC stole the nomination from him to give to Mrs. Clinton, I don't understand why he is still a democrat
He's not, he's still an Independent. With our current 2 party system it is the only way unless we get enough support to #DraftBernie
@raehanbobby Why are you two talking?? #insignificantidiots
Actually they are significant, as they each have their own tribe and audience. As do both of us. Let's discuss & understand one another.
USUALLY, I hear ppl out but using ur platform(when u have flaws n skeletons)to attack n call ur @POTUS liar, well 
If we used that logic, that no person can cast a stone. All leaders have flaws, so we shld focus only on actions & not personal attacks.
do you feel either of those 2 have had any positive ACTION? I personally do NOT. All I've seen is hypocrisy
While I don't agree w/ any political leader on every issue, I applaud their public service & taking scrutiny. Seeing zero +ve action = #bias
seeing zero +tive action-u effectively just described almost every democrat on here complaining about Trump
so by that omission they are all biased. . BTW all I am saying is I dnt like THOSE two nothing else. 
you're a failed candidate debating failed candidates 6 months after an election, oh no baby what is you doing
Doesn't change the facts about our POTUS
What facts? Democrats want Trump gone so bad that they are fabricating things to tell the press.
I guess we'll see pretty soon what is truth and what isnt
I want to know who's the puppet master pulling @BernieSanders strings?
I know It's @georgesoros because you don't get more anti-American
People do not want to hear the truth... Thank you @SenSanders
Hillary was the liar and cheater. Do your homework. They cheated Bernie and he sticks up for them. Wimp.
You supported Clinton..
Who do you support? Trump?
Between Clinton and Trump??
How is that any different than if Hilliary had been elected?
This Independent Reporter story is complete bullshit! A  White House in chaos could not have done such a great job on this trip as they have
Bernie, maybe you should set an example and stop lying.  You know your socialist views don't work, or you would not have 3 homes.
Is he a liar? YES I see Johnny couldn't answer a simple ?. Instead of saying YES or NO, he babbles.... SHAMEFUL!!! Call it was it is, a LIE!
no Bernie.....Wake up........Hillary the Liar LOST




But most of the time must be okay like the previous president.
Very true...sadly!
Said the hypocrite
And Bernie lies. And CNN lies. Hillary. Chucky. Obama. They all lie. Aaahhh the news media lies to make big sales - not using jouarnalism
Your full of crap! Negative Bernie
Unfortunately, I agree...
But according to DNC lawyers, lying is protected by first amendment.
who R U kidding?!? Bush lied us into Iraq. Obama lied when he said "no #NAFTA type trade deals" then tried to sneak secret #tpp
Obama told a lot more lies and unfulfilled promises.
And yet!! Everyone believes him "ironic"
@richard51185877 I agree and its the same in #BRITAIN with number of pple
Bernie for #realpresident
Is this debate about who is a bigger loser? Ok Bernie, you both win..
ALL THE TIME! LIES! LIES! LIES!
I like you man but let's quit screwing around playing politics & get something done 4 the American ppl. Remember if you like your doctor...
Socialism, pretty olease with augar on top. Big big govt please. Higher taxes please. Please, give it a break. Venezuela rocks.
This is something new??? Look at last 8 years
who elected him? They already knew!
A liar is a liar--Trump
Nothing about Donald the chump is normal
Mr. Sanders... do you have anything else to say? Because you are wasting your precious time. Why don't you go fishing or something? Let go.
You "hate" to say that??? That is a lie. Guess you are on track to become qualified as President
It's not a lie if YOU believe it!
People  love this country  that work in all sorts of places have the constitution to do the right thing will prevail
Time
..and you tell the truth all the yime
Bernie rocks! He's right!#IfTrumpsLipsAreMovingHeIsLying #PantsOnFire #Reprehensible #LoserTrump #ShamefulBehavior #BadForUS
"Governments Lie." - I.F. Stone (That includes presidents Senator!)
assuming that is true...you aren't used to it? You ran against HRC, give us a break...
Since when ?!?! The biggest liar ever was Bill Clinton!!! Your delusional beyond!!
Just got through having one for the past 8 years. Were you doing your Rip Van Winkle impersonation, or just a massive chasm in your brain?
Just exactly what is he lying about?  I suppose supporting the Dem's shadow government who are enemies of our country is okay then?
It seemed fine when Hillary did it all the time no problems with her
You hate democrat Trump, wait till you guys witch hunt him and Pence replaces him. You'll love that
Come on ..... you know your a hypocrite right?
Just like the last 8 years "not normal"
The problem is his supporters think it's normal!!! Sad world we live in :( Bernie
It should not be normal, but it is. Politicians lie all the time.
To say the least, however normal ain't what we have as a president !
One more thing he will only grow worse, over time, not better.The more power he gains, more money he makes, the more dangerous he will be.
He knows he is like this. It is his job to try and hide this from others. He hides his faults, his shortcomings, and will Never Apologize.
He is a pathological liar. That is part of being a full blown Narcissist. He has likely been lying all of his life and knows no difference.
@CNN This is not normal now, or before he was elected. Americans need to learn Narcissists of this magnitude are sick, and cannot change.
You also lie to yourself when you say socialism works.
It shouldn't be but it's what all the elites do. Mean while the lower class who make the country tick get nothing but the bad resaults.
Bernie, he doesn't lie all the time--only when his lips are moving or his fingers are tweeting!
We had one for 8 years and we had Bill Clinton before that. Constant lies. Now its a problem?
NOT a problem when Dems are lying; BIG problem if they're not in the majority. I've said this before: I do think Trump engages in hyperbole.


Ha the woman u ran against is the habitual liar that u backed after your loss and most of your supporters did not wake up Bernie
Obama was the worst POTUS ever. Hillary would "have been" more so.
Bernie's wacky. 
Democrats invented lying. Remember Benghazi?
Hillary lied under oath to the FBI and to Congress and the left didn't care.
Even the moderately sane ones try to protect him
JUST SAY IT BERNIE..IT'S TRUE!!AND HE MAKES OTHERS AROUND HIM LIARS AND THEY STILL DEFEND HIM! WHAT'S WITH THAT?
What IF he really is impaired? It would explain the rantings, the denials,and the rambling. His behavior is not normal. Could be the reason
There's a compelling video out suggesting that Trump may have Alzheimer's. His dad had it and it runs in families. This is not to be mean.
He can't help it. He has lied his whole life
Were u in a coma from 2008-2016? "If you like your plan, you can keep your plan." Ring any bells? Focus on getting ur wife a good lawyer.
Hahha
Why do you hate to say the so-called president lies all the time? It's the "truth!" SAY IT ALL THE TIME!
Yup. And it's all thanks to you.
Trump was born and raised by liars, and most of their relatives and friends were liars. It's second-nature for Trump, to lie until he dies.
Wow Bernie, how insightful. Duh!
Bernie you are too generous with your words,  president trump is habitual lier as it has been proven by his conduct so far.
Potrumpkin
You are two fools .
Every time he moves his lips,
And try to get people to realize,when they are so afraid they can't say the word (Liar )I thought Bernie was going to explode! 
Trump is an embarrassment and horrible President, not mentally fit,self absorbed/delusional,clueless.Critical thinking missing
If you like your doctor... Email servers. Wiretaps. Where the fuck were you when Obama lies about almost everything he ever said?
o
Come on Kasich! Tell the truth! You know 45 is a liar!
Bush, Cheney, Slick Willy, crooked Hillary... The list goes on
Hey liar why aren't you releasing your disclosures. Pot calling the kettle black.
Talking about Obama?!
I am with Mr. Sanders. Trump is not just a liar:  He is a pathological liar. He cannot help himself. He lives in his own land of delusion.
Get 'im, Bernie! Trump is a compulsive f@*king LIAR! And, we can't sit back and watch as the truth is slowly revealed.  Too much at stake~
So are the rest of the republicans!
The hell it isn't.
But you lie everyday
For the record Bernie Sanders thought Jesus was a liar too.
Name anything  he lied about Bernie
Sure.   Didn't u sue the DNC for lying to u?  Guess? The people that lied are still elected officials!  Nice party!
On the contrary - this IS very normal. Presidents, Senators, Congressmen, former candidates all alike lie their a**es off to get elected.
I would love to see a proper psych eval !!
Bernie, Pathological liars dont realize theyre lying. Its mental illness, a behavioral disorder. This does not excuse it.
@SenSanders That's rich coming from #SellOutSanders & turncoat Kasich! Press says "anonymous sources" you preach as TRUTH! #WitchHunt #MAGA
you would know you lying pos
It doesn't even sound like Bernie is the one tweeting. Incredibly lame to defend George W. Bush and say he "wasn't a liar", too.
Says the man stupid enough to believe in socialism.
You sell-out, just a kook. Take your meds, get a clean diaper and be quiet. How's the wife, say HI to the FBI. #CrazyDude
Really, @BarackObama did it for 8years...only dif is he is a Muslim Liberal Democrat. Even now he continues to sow lies and deceit.
The correct word is "had" a president who lied all the time. You are not normal. Please move to Venezuela....those people need your help
Hillary and Obama lied all the time....over far worst issues
Yes he is
Is a revelation to you?  All politicians lie.
Why the hell would you hate to speak the truth?
Merriam Webster defines liar as "a person who tells lies". So where is the confusion?  @GovKasich
Just like you dems an libs who have been lieing for years
You got to be kidding....Obama has that honor
"We have a President who lies all the time." Thanks for speaking the truth Bernie. @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain @dougducey
Delusional. Every president for centuries has lied.
We have a government that lies all the time. It's a shell game with the people. When do we matter? #electiontime #taxes
Compared to Obama's 8 yrs it is.
Except for Barry Obummer and Bill Clinton (and many other Dems). You're the worst kind of hypocrite. Hope you run in 2020. You'll go down.
Did you nap during the BO years???
I wasn't able to keep my doctor and still waiting for my $2500 a year savings on insurance
there is no difference between 'lying' & 'saying something that doesn't resemble the facts'. Semantics.

I believe he is an I Me person.  Bends facts to his thinking.
Not normal, huh? If you like your doctor, you keep your doctor? I did not have sex with that woman, Monica Lewinski? WMD's in Iraq? 
He is a liar!
Yeah, since January of 2009....where have you been, old man river?
And that's not hyperbole!
It is entirely normal. See, you're lying now.
I TOTALLY agree with Bernie Sanders.  It has come down to the fact that Trump cannot be trusted, which was not a surprise to me.
Infrasound/ wind turbines/ mental health. YOU LIE TOO.

Please M. Bernie SANDERS, stop attacking Trump. Clinton is an unfair person. She's a criminal. Let Donald Trump cleans the World
No need to apologize Mr. Sanders; you're calling it what it is. The lies continue each day,they grow. World embarrassment this man as leader
did you call out Obama for his numerous lies?
We've gotten used to it over the past 8 years.
FAKE NEWS! VERY FAKE NEWS...
So you have higher standards for your President than your wife?
But God
The BERN is getting to the facts. 
FACTS R WHAT WE NEED FACTS.
Thanks Bern.
let the guy do the study first-let him get the numbers and we will see how close to 3-5m he gets.????
You lied as you said "I hate to say....,". You and the socialistic snowflakes will continue to loose because America is Back
It's perfectly normal. It's what you people do. (Politicians)
No it's in fact pathological !!
Don't hate to say th truth Bernie.Think most Americans not aware he's a gigantic liar abt everything.Part reason we want him out.

If u like your doctor,u can keep your doctor.....
Yet you said nothing during Obama's reign of lies.
“If you like your plan you can keep it” 
- Trump 
Wait...
Said 1993 and 2009.
Since when, Bernard?
Hey Bernie you're a liar too. Why don't you shill for the eradication of America some more?
It's not normal for politicians to disregard the truth?
you are destroying our country!
Beevis&Butthead 
If @BernieSanders &liberals weren't scared ofTruth illegalVotes in SantuaryStates should be investigated.
llegalsVoted inCA
This has been normal since 1994
parsing will not change that fact.
