The only acceptable solution is #MedicareForAll End for profit health care. Save lives. #ForThePeople we must fight for justice
Yea because doctors, nurses, pharmacists spend all that money on education, sacrafice more than others so they can work for minimum wage
Lol they won't be taking a pay cut. You have no idea how the system works do you? It's price gouging that's killing us. Not salaries. Smh
I know well enough, who gets to set pricing? US gov? Private business is private. Get gov out of health care & insurance.
No reason a $8 bag of IV fluid should cost me $800 and an aspirin costs me $150
Because You're paying for those who don't. Costs are a funny thing. How many times did a pharm research company try & miss to get 1 to stick
Research wise they have federal government grants for research purposes not to mention private and public funding
That private funding expects a healthy return for capital. Bet your 401K has exposure to pharma
That is awesome . What Bills R U writing? Include Audits and FDA Audits of unethical studies. Big Pharma runs this realm. #bipartisanchange.
#FuckBigPharma #legalizemarijuana
Lol for Seniors maybe. They seem to come from the Generation that enjoys it and it takes away pain. Reminds me 2 much of my wives
Pain, insomnia, wasting away, glaucoma, anxiety, anti-nausea, etc.  The list goes on!  It's a panacea that could replace so many meds!
I snuck some CBD to a Senior friend of mine. Like I say not my favorite but It helps some.
Whatever works, works!
Its $90.00 for 3 percocets a day not including the $150.00 req monthly visit interventional pain management plus initial lossd left testical
Florida Medicaid paid for the left radical orchiectomy because I had been fired and that was illegal because I brought a doctor's note
It was part of a character assassination because I was prescribed painkillers for extreme left testicle pain,they were guilty of ergot ex...
...posure that resulted in the two suicides of my African-American coworkers the character assassination was to make me look bad law ignored
This was in 2012 my car has been under surveillance for five years as a drug dealer I have sold nothing yet Flowers Baking Company inocent?
My cell phone is illegally tapped at the same time for 5 years everywhere I go I am stocked I'm sick of it and deeply mentally affected
The families of the two men who committed suicide due to the ergot exposure have no idea why there Sons husbands uncs bros killed themselves
Law enforcement was all over it however these two private investigators to a warrant was never necessary #sick f***s
Or we can have no regulation of healthcare at all. Which is what will happen if you dont focus on stopping the GOP ACA repeal NOW. #Dotard
Also more addiction education and general education about medications from big pharma
The very folks that are investing in research to develop life saving drugs you attack?#youdidn't makethat
Again, I agree with your old a$$.  But get your wife in check with her $$$ college issues please. That's not right
My child's addictive pain meds after surgery $1.38, non addictive inflammation drug over $6 per pill.
You asking the industry to work 20 yrs for nothing to develop a lifesaving drug & then give it away. why don't u return ur last 20 yrs pay?
And by conceding defeat at the time it happens INSTEAD OF DRAGGING IT OUT FOR FREAKING MONTHS.
How about lower the 20k a night hospital stay.
Is there common ground when the other side doesn't care if you live or die? But sure give it a go
That will happen when you convince your colleagues to stop accepting bribes from Pharma.
Case in point: colchicine (effctve tx for gout) used to be cheap.  Today it's 100s of dollars per script.
If we can get past the "who pays the bill" sham of a debate (bc we all pay now) we can make actual fixes to the underlying cause of costs.
Like you did with Obamacrap
No, we can't because you want to nationalize the industry, not fix it.
Yes!
You can start with preventing them from giving away medicine in poor countries while charging people here at home. #HealthCareDebate
Somehow #Cuba manages to secure the exact same meds but at a significantly lower price...why?!
Your friends from the corrupted DNC voted for $700 Billion for the military because they are more important than the people. Always $$$4WAR!
How come we NEVER hear the GOP say this? "Work together to lower costs to our constituents" seems rather reasonable to me! GOP?
You need to thin the #Pharma backed herd of representatives that side against People TWICE.
REPEAL AND REPLACE
#NoGrahamCassidy
Absolutely agree here, see first step in Bi-Partisan process
@GOP answers 2 Wall Street, it's why they won't touch Insurers or Pharma; those are the Co's that keep the @GOP lights on! #HealthcareDebate
The first step could be STOP ALLOWING THEM TO ADVERTISE TO THE PUBLIC.
You can find common ground is laying blame; it'll be a cold day in hell before the GOP does anything about it besides make the problem worse
Doesn’t do a damn bit of good Bernster when I can’t afford to go to MY FUQKING Dr. Bc you and the Dems took my in’s. away from me!!!
Once again.  Because of what obama did.
Still the same old all talk no action Bernie. Have you ever accomplished anything or do you just gob off cuz you like the sound of yr voice
Lindsey Graham should get an Oscar for that performance of "caring".  #PeopleFirst #HealthCareForAll #CassidyIsCreepy
Medicare needs to be able to negotiate drug prices.  It's obscene that it can't currently.
If the government ran pharm industry we'd all win
Lower all healthcare costs @SenSanders . If healthcare costs were reasonable then we can all pay our own way. Socialized healthcare is bad
Democrats Republicans can work together but nobody wants to work with the socialist pig
How would you do this while still maintaining the incentive for the creation of new drugs?
Then WE will be having OUR SONS&daughters writing their parents OBITUARY. Be mindful Trumps PARENTS ARE DECEASED so he does not GIVE A DAMN.
Bull shit compromises. Nationalize health care!
That is so very True. Trump has NEGOTIATED a personal AGENDA and thats why he wants his DEATH BILL pushed. Bernie if we don't follow logic.
Just get out of the way and stop providing them govt backing and regulations that save them from competition
Why not work with pharmaceutical industry instead of placing yourself in opposition?

Hard to negotiate with business when you're Socialist.
We can make healthful choices & take better care of ourselves so we don't need their stinking pills. This is true healthcare.

More  BS rhetoric, Bernie gets paid by Big Pharma!
Not pharmaceuticals. How much of the health care budget just goes to insurance companies who contribute nothing to patient health?
Yes!!!
YES! Lets see if Bernie can remove every Pharma PAC donation to congress, along with every Pharma donation to any party or member!
I'm sorry, I thought this was America. You're going to limit what a company can make?Why aren't libs starting drug companies that work free?
Can you also work on keeping access to Opoids open for me and my fellow disabled and in chronic pain friends? its a quality of life issue
Great plan. Wait, what common ground will lower my prescription drugs?  Now that I think about it, this is quite comical idea
I can agree here. Start by cutting regulations. Pharmaceutical companies have to jump through way too many hoops and recoup costs.
Allowing for competition is free enterprise and that's Democratic to the core!
It isn't just the pharmaceutical industry-health insurance companies make a profit on denying people access to adequate services.
Tell that to @senrobportman !  All he tweets about is skyrocketing costs from ACA.  He's clueless!
How well does the pharmaceutical lobbyist treat you Bernie.
Surely prescription drugs are super cheap now? After all, Trump drained the swamp! #SAD #FakeNews
https://www.redbubble.com/people/bestofbad/collections/618583-political-heroes-and-villains?product_type=mens-premium-t-shirt&asc=u …
ONE of the drugs my son requires to function is $900+/mo. For the generic.
Amen to that
Wrong plan. Put them out of business. Issue NIH & NSF grants to serve public purpose, not profit. That's a better plan.
Please please help. My son's meds are over $250K per year.
My husband had stage 4 cancer and our Governor kicked everyone off medicare expansion. We are from Maine! Stop Graham &Cassidy!!!
We need to change the entire discourse. Why are healthcare options so radically different from when I was employed by a $6bill public co?
if jnj and phizer etc can't make large amounts on drugs, who will provide rnd $ for future drugs?
If republicans want to make “America Greater” they must pass #MedicareForAll
Absolutely
Amen Bernie
I would love to see it.
YES!!!
This isn't just a Health Care issue.  They are just out of hand on so many levels - take them down!
Please ask why graham/Cassidy forbids States from creating their own single payer system in States? What about States rights?!?!?
GOP does not want to hear this Pharmaceutical industry pay them plenty. Bernie fights for us along with the democrates
If you created a bill that has changes and true universal healthcare system for all, if you called it TRUMPCARE, he will love it.
I love that there's no name calling in this debate it gives me hope
Omg I agree with you - what the hell is wrong with me #MAGA
Thank you for your passion and and love for the wellbeing of the american people...
Get drug ads off tv then ill be ready for that debate
Please go away.
By allowing health care to be treated as a good not a right, that's what will bring down costs.
Pharma wants us medicated and addicted, there is no common ground unless it is removed from the profiteers.
You fool. If it wasn't for government intervention drug companies wouldn't have to raise the prices of it's products. Red tape....
Insurance itself raises the cost of healthcare.
Yes. Yes it does.
THANK YOU......That is EXACTLY what @realDonaldTrump has been Saying ALL Along 
Unfortunately Our Generation does Not Listen to @realDonaldTrump on the Ground
And they Only Listen to Fact Checks online searching it on Google which brings up CNN as the top search Choice paid off by ......U know who
The Only Person who Lost to @BarackObama & Defeated You for President 
If you had the insider info on Big Pharma you would be saying the exact opposite. You corrupt communist.
FINALLY!!!! This and actually working WITH insurance & pharmaceutical industries the KEY to improving health care & reduce costs!!!
No can do they help elect #NukeMan and you know that's too much money involved.
If we force these already million and billion dollar pharmaceutical companies brings cost for us all regardless of race religion or creed
There's a whole lot of common ground supporting the only legal president in America Trump

Listen to Bernie. He knows what he's talking about.
@SenSanders is that what you were saying as you took their $$$ when running for president?!  You are on top 20 list of most $ received!
My Humira for Chrons disease, a twice monthly injection is 8000$/month. I have good Insurance, but w/o I would not get this lifesaving med
They don't care about the health of this country, the sicker we are the better off they are, what kind of system is that?
Sorry @SenSanders too simplistictiic build from needs of patients 
"Taking on" = nationalize in commie talk.
Yes we must go after Big Pharmaceutical companies. That is necessary and just, for us, the people! 
And we need to get you ready to take over the W.H. in 2020!! Time to clean up the circus  in Washington,and get back to real governing 4 ppl
I love you.
That would be Fantastic One of my meds is 976 dollars for 30 pills. And it is a pill that I need in order to live.
Correction it went up this Month to 1,070 dollars. and It is cheaper in Canada and Mexico Unfotunately I can't make a trip there monthly.
Profit-centers are the problem with our healthcare, period. The only way to get around that is to take on those who put money before people.
I do agree on that !
Talk about cryptocurrency Bernie! Let's starve the banks and corporations to make them as small as they should be. Let's inform people.
How will you do it? I've been asking MSNBC to address the issue of BIG PHARMA ads on their network affecting reporting.No one will touch it!
QUIT getting PEOPLE HOOKED ON pharmaseutical drugs(DOPE) that PEOPLE DON'T NEED! GET HONEST!!
Congressional Dems have been talking these points to death. Still no results nor, at the way healthcare is going, will there ever be for us
Healthy or broke shouldn't be a choice.
And preventing doctor lobbyists.
With respect, Senator, that is a piecemeal approach. We need a public healthcare system that is profit-neutral, to force real competition.
Dems destroyed Health Inusr biz not want to do so to drug industry whc will reduce investment resulting in fewer lie saving drugs developed

Free healthcare for Americans and kick to pharma and insurance scammers
Watch out @GrahamBlog is running for office in 2020; this bill is nothing but his attempt to checkbox,vacuum created by 45th is helping
Yeah that will be the day, you rich useless congress people like sanders  get too much kick back from pharmaceutical companies
Bernie 2020
You are old....
There you go!!
Whether you're left, right, or center, everyone hates pharma bros
I wish it was that way. Rich republicans & some Dems support them.
Yeah sadly it's true. But anti-ACA and anti-single payer pols don't go on about pharma jobs the way they do with insurance. Too unpopular
Maybe someday we will live in a world where the American people get what they actually want and not the other way around...
Then what how do you make America number one in healthcare. I don't understand look at the top countries with healthcare and improve or copy
That system
I want to know if there are impeachment plans moving forward B4 the nuclear war, or if u guys plan on waiting until after we've been bombed?
If the pharmaceutical industry in the States won't work with us, fuck 'em! Go outside the U.S. that'll get their attention!
Why is it so hard? Seems most politicians are out for themselves and selfish...whyyyyy
Including Bernie
Don’t let them take EHB’s from cancer patients. If they do, mass medical bankruptcies will ensue.
Who's gonna pay
you're doing great! Always making great points.
Deregulating pharmaceuticals is how to lower prices, not more government interference.
Shkreli's in jail. That's a start
How about don't steal money from hard working people?
You could shut up and retire!!
lets take ALLLLLLL the CEOs and put them in 'resorts' where they can live out their days.
Just keep Cory Booker out of it!
there's a novel idea...regulate  not operate.
Bernie...we all know they just want a massive tax cut.  They could care less about health care.
U don't know crap!
says the egghead
You sure it wasn't that old evil hags fault the one no one liked to the point she lost to the worst candidate in the history of the US?
AMEN
Take them on Bernie!!!!
Legalize it and make it free !

Bot alert.
Nice spam
