Capitalism always gets what it wants. That's why we have to ERADICATE and REPLACE it with socialism.
Along with anyone who gets in the way.
WRONG! Unless a clear majority want socialism, it cannot succeed.
When has a country never had a privileged ruling class?
When has socialism existed?
Tax code needs to be rewritten so no company can offshore themselves and pay ZERO taxes! Imagine the billions of $$ the US could use on ____
Would that it were so easy... sadly, what’s to stop an American corporation from claiming they are based in a tax shelter?  Nothing.
IDK, just doesn’t seem right for huge corp’s to pay so little, with assets bigger than GDP’s, while CEO’s live large.
Tell me... who do you think is paying the corporation's taxes? You need to stop listening to economic illiterates like Bernie.
@SocTerry UMMM the corporations? Did I get it right? I'm not sure I understand your argument. And just so you know, consumers pay the corporation's taxes in the form of their inflated price-points for their products and services. Cool good talk.
Exactly... consumers pay the corporation's taxes. So the liberal notion of increasing corporate taxes is self defeating.
TRILLIONS of dollars on the table. Let me ask you this. If you reduce the corporate tax rate to ZERO, do corporations 1-reduce the cost of goods and services in kind, or 2-do they take the extra 30% margin of profit, and watch their stocks soar? You're delusional if u think 1.
And you're delusional if you think competition won't force the price down.
Flat rate tax is the only fair way to go. You pay the same percentage wether you make $300/yr or $3bn/yr... That's fair, that's simple.
Flat Tax on FICA! Remove the cap! YES!
SocialSecurity solvent forever!
Flat overall Tax is regressive & not fair to Middle Class & the poor.
Why is it not fair?

Just because someone make a ton of cash doesn't give the government the right to abuse them financially.
I think you have #StockholmSyndrome
Conned into working/thinking/voting against your own best interests... 
And everyone else's!
I'm doing just fine.
I'm sure you are. It's you lack of concern for others that bothers me. 
Read some Charles Dickens.
U would tax them out of business!!!
and we wouldnt be where we are now...

if you hadnt been such a big cult of personality narcissistic demagogue,,, attackign other DEMOCRATS
No AIDE TO PUERTO RICO>>>R's need to reduce costs to offset $5 TRILLION TAX CUTS (yes $5,000,000,000,000) $4 TRILLION goes to top 1%
More Marxist propaganda
Wealthy people have more capital with lower taxes. They would reinvest that money and create economic growth.
But we’d be paying more taxes on our hard earned money, it’s not what they take from us it’s  what we’re left with
Most of the shares in theses companies are owned by pensions which will be better able to pay retirement benefits.
Agree
When taxes R fair, they affect all income levels.  Pres Trump has 3 brackets & perhaps a 4th 4 gazillionaires.  Shld Tax reform not help all
If liberals spent as much energy actually helping the poor as they do battering the more fortunate. Progress could actually be made.
Bernie Sanders for 46th President!!!  The Man is so damn truthful!!!!!!!!!!
Yep, keep the 435+ on their gravy train. Why is it that any administration says they will help the "common Man" this common Man gets scrwd?
everything old is new again... won't work this time either!
We are with you Bernie.
I am middle class and seriously afraid my taxes are going to rise.  Who will pay for repairing infrastructure if we all get tax breaks?
It is of course exactly what will happen.  Was there any doubt?  Tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans defines the Republican Party.
Did you even read the tax plan? It helps the middle class and small business substantially.
I'm sorry that you are intellectually challenged.
What are you afraid of, a higher national debt?
He despises inequality, as should anything with a sense of ethics
No. He lacks a moral compass and an understanding of individual rights. The rest is just virtue signaling on steroids
Tell me, does your concept of "individual rights" include a lack of obligation towards others?
Yes. Absolutely. The only obligation that I have to you is to not impede your freedoms of life liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
And you feel you can construct an ethical defense of this sentiment?
I'd love to see you construct an ethical defense of socialism. Hint: explain how it isn't indentured servitude of the productive
I asked you a question
No they should have bigger taxes to pay
You seem entitled to their hard earned money. How do you justify it?
Ah yes, socialism. Historically it's only starved about 100 million people.
Supply and demand? A drought would imply a shortage of supply. How does socialism create more water?
Is that a fact? When I see capitalistic companies like Bud canning water instead of beer for hurricane victims I question your assumption
Do you really think these ultra rich pay estate taxes anyway? They all have trusts that avoid any tax.
You repetitive tweets are sounding senile. Stop it now!!!
You guys need to understand that anything that helps the middle class is fantastic
I also think it's a bunch of democratic bullcrap
I don't think that's the issue I don't think that's going to be happening I think you people have a misconception of what he's trying to do
Who do you think pays for corporate tax,the end user, if you were any kind of businessman you would understand this.
Spoken by a commie that owns three homes and is worth millions. Liberals are so stupid to blindly listen to this old Jurassic.
Remember, Trump is a populist! 
Yes Bernie,  yes Bernie,  keep taxing everyone so you can give our money to someone else. I'm nit down for socialism, you got to go.
As much as he says the tax break would be for the lower and middle,class, We know he's a liar!  Dump trump before he destroys our country.
But it will happen, whether it should or not, right?
Totally agree with you BankFraudBernie.  We should take all of their profits.  Karl Marx likes you.  Adam Smith does not.  Go to Venezuela
So it's a good thing no one is proposing that...
I still feel the Bern!
We the people. We need to get GOP to do the right thing.
I wholeheartedly agree about not giving tax breaks to the wealthy. I disagree about corporations.
Any expense to a consumer whether it be executive pay more taxes. Lower taxes means lower cost to consumers and that means more jobs.
Lower taxes means lower cost to consumers and that means more jobs.
I think everyone should pay 15% flat rate.  EVERYONE no deductions whatsoever
Unfortunately, the reps in the Senate and Congress will do exactly that and cost us all untold havoc for the future. But stocks go up 
Hmmm
The last thing we should do right now is listen your stupid comments
I wish you would debate the Republicans on this you would have most of America if not all by your side
For 200Bn, each penny could be worth a dollar. Trickle up economics!
20 Trillion Debt and rising would be a better reason why no tax cuts !!!
Yeah well how about not taxing me because my mother died, or because I'm too poor to afford my insurance but earn 2much4 foodstamps.
Doubling my personal deduction is better than you wanting to increase my taxes.
Yes Bernie, the government should get all the money from all the people because government is so effective in helping the people...
Don't we want them to invest in America? I believe you and your Dem's are some of the wealthiest people in America so no tax breaks for you.
The first thing we should do is put you and Larry David in a movie together. Then, ship u off to Cuba....
Or to Congress
last thing we should do now is continue to prop up an insurance program designed around corporate profiteers. but the tax breaks are second.
Except it all works together. If they do these tax cuts for the rich, we are in a worse place as far as creating a better healthcare system.
yup. i was just fucking around. but in my defense they havent passed this yet and passing is unlikely.
I hope not. I almost think this one is worse, bc we'd be able to rectify healthcare eventually, but its really hard to undo tax cuts.
yes. it is worse. i just dont see it ever passing. for one Trump cant even pass the naming of a Post office these days.
If they're not profitable, they won't HIRE anyone!!!!!!!
If taxes were VOLUNTARY they'd be the ones paying them not us
Need to make them pay there fair share
blue collar guy here with a SMALL business...i pay 35 to 40 percent on my side work. How is that fair? I'll take the tax cut.

I'm sure you understand that taxes don't fund spending on the Federal Level anyway. So why are you lying about it's "effects?"
Why?
Well of course you would say that since you're a socialist who wants to tax everyone to death
Go home uncle Bernie, you're drunk
Doubling the standard deduction & slashing the Corp tax will help middle America. Work with congress if you don't like the rest. Compromise!
How many decades have u been in DC and done nothing! Let potus do his work
Nobody's Listening to you Crazy Bernie, you LOST,You& YOUR IDEAS were overwhelming reject by voting Americans. Go away.
I agree totally.   Middle class and lower class people are taxed to the max.
You make so much sense!!!! 
Dear Senator Sanders: I think that lowering the corp. tax rate is useful, but lowering the tax rate for the wealthy on top of it is wrong.
The question is why did so many non billionaire folk vote this crook in? That's the genius, conning the poor into supporting the wealthy
That's deep. I have to write this one down.
Wealthy = anyone paying taxes
Liberals will never allow our tax burden to ease

No...YOU are dishonest.  You should stay out of politics and go some place OUT of the USA and stay gone!
Not many socialists in America #bankfraudbernie.  10% of the country respects you.  Don't lie to the other 90%.
Yes, Trump is constantly stacking the deck pro-corporate, pro-industry, and anti-people.
Pssst, there are no "tax cuts" for the "rich" Bernie. No rate change for the 1 percenters. Highest rate unchanged. Stop lying.
So rather than let people keep what they earn, you want to keep it
Lower taxes and we'll  give jobs says the wealthy,meanwhile continuously  sending our jobs away. It's a SCAM!
I AGREE
This is what happens when the ultra right wing wins an election.
If only.
Lies! You just want to write off your state taxes on you federal return and protect your lobbyists for DNC donations!
Wrong again Bernie the burn out
The only source for solutions actually addressing the underlying problems that our leaders are ignorant to: http://proposedsolutions.blogspot.com 
you want real reform, economic prosperity and not lies of an improving economy by accounting shams and a manipulated up stk mkt killing USA?
What about me?  I don't live in a mansion like you. I owed $1500 after paying in a lot.
Bernie Quite shhhhhhhh you don't know wat your talking about
Those cuts+revenue to repair USA infrastructure,care for ppl in need of care+assist those suffering from Climate Disasters GOP dumb clucks
But wait. @JoyAnnReid says you ain't a Neo-Liberal Democrat, so you can't get paid millions like she can
Agree! Thank you for fighting the good fight
Hey, if taxes were lower, you just might have less tax evasion. A future "something" is much better than a current "nothing."
You are as much to blame as Trump!
Crooks
Coming from the man who owes police precincts 450,000 still and a wife who alludes her taxes. Bernie just go away like clinton At this point
Should be increasing corporate taxes to 47%
And you'd think the first would be to give the people some services: health, infrastructure, education, housing, employment for taxes paid.
You talk like it’s your money it’s mine
The last thing we should do right now is listen to a man on how to run this country who is not even in the white house
It's obscene—in a country that's already the "richest and most unequal"—to give more tax breaks to the wealthy.
We need them to pay for ur free health care and school.
Yes we should Bernie, you're a fool
For a man as incompetent in business as yourself, I'm surprised you can even spell profit #thingsyouknownothingabout
Bernie you love to hold back jobs from people don't you.
We need #AFundamentalShift how/why we do things #2SurviveWithoutFear #4ABetterWorld.#Struggle2Survive=#Inequality+#Conflict+more
But Bernie, haven't you heard trickle down economics are going to bring millions of jobs back? 
Right. How are we going to help pay for all these disasters? The US can’t file bankruptcy like Trump has multiple times
Pure capitalism is evil. Pure socialism is evil. We need to find a balance of both 2 have a harmonious society. Unfortunately we're too dumb
Many of whom pay nothing to begin with.
1/2 NOOOO....what we need to do is expropriate the wealth of those who actually PRODUCE!!!  From each according to his ability, to each
2/2 according to his need!!!! Hey...how's that fraud trial going????  Marxism...afoot in modern, uneducated America, will win the day for U!
Amen
Luv ya  and agree with 110%
You want to punish the rich. Does that mean you will punish yourself?
Are you that stupid? Lower taxes means more money in the people's pockets, means more spending.
"Last" HELL ! We shouldn't do it at all. Ever. Greedy money addicts need to pay BACK what they have stolen.
Get over Bernie and stop criticizing everything it dosnt help our country if you like socialism go to live inCuba
tax the rich to feed the poor until there's no Rich no more and then you have communism.that will push all the work out of the country jrk
Yeah, if your a Kommie!
Only @SenSanders knows how to screw the American ppl, he had 8 yrs of teaching from the Best F-up America has ever seen in modern times.
 mr sanders !!
We'll make up for it as we cut your wasteful spending, pension and illegal congressional health care. You dope. Why isn't your wife in jail
Yeah, bc we certainly don't want economic growth.  We want to tax the shit out of people and then give it away to those who refuse to work!
Yes! Crush them! Punish them! Success is failure! Reward the unsuccessful! COMRADES!
What's your net worth?
Dude all you are is a demagogue
Actually, Senator, the LAST thing we should do is allow Trump to stay in office!When is enough enough for you, cause many are ready! Impeach
Wouldn't you get a break too ? Stop pandering rich guy.
Hmm only one thought at a time! You're just a whiny old man!
How about the man that walked into the church in Nashville, any thoughts? You know he did kill someone and shot others?
#notrumptaxesnotaxreform
500 people shot in Chicago this year, any thoughts?
Bernie you& staff should be FORCING,  pushing &focusing on Donald Trump TAXES; since they're pushing the tax plan
AGREED!!
lol lottery or nah
You know what a 'Snake' does; slimy, slippery to get to what they want.  I know it is hard to imagine that a President could be a 'Snake'.
I work very hard and my taxes are going to go up by at least 2 percent. How does this plan help me? It is part of this giant plan to give the wealthiest more, more money, more power, more control.
Right on
Honestly Bernie, is this a gift from the Democratic party for not causing any problems for Hillary. You got to be the spoke person for all?
Plunder the middle class
Truth
Why all the tap dancing around tax plan implications for Trump? Makes it look like he is lying for sure. Bad faith!
Proposed tax cuts for rich are sure to initiate a revolution of reform in this country. Some say its long overdue, noting inequity of system
Quit feeding the poor and stupid lies.
MAGA
Corporations don't pay the excessively high corporate tax rate. Lowering the rate and eliminating loopholes will make them pay and survive.
Any suggestions Bernie.  Maybe you would like to sell one of your homes.  You co uild donate the proceeds to the irs
Bernie, I'm a fan

But the biggest corporations don't need a tax break. . . They don't pay taxes. They register elsewhere or avoid
How do they plan to pay for this, on top of increased military spending and disaster relief? Are they not for balanced budgets anymore?
Because thst would create jobs and tou would have no ones attention to sell your BS to #BankFraudBernie
isn't this tax budget the same as the trickle down effect that didn't work. Will never work because the wealthy don't give back.
https://www.audible.ca/pd/Business-Money/The-Hacking-of-the-American-Mind-Audiobook/B0753GNJC6?mkwid=s_dt&pcrid=222280279620&pmt=b&pkw=& …
How much do we lose each year with their money being overseas?
Its theur money. They earned it
Must be frustrating when a great plan for taxpayers is offered. Hard to find fault. Focus focus Bernie the driving force is economic growth
Bernie, thanks for this tweet? Please get thru to #POTUS. He's all for tax breaks for the rich and screw the middle and low class.
It is exactly what we need.
Why?? If you win in 2020 you (like all liberal D-bags) can take credit for all the economic growth! Then slowly kill it all...
Ok, so what's the plan?? Where is your call to action?
USA will always be oligarchy, always has been and this will be its downfall a 100 yrs frm now.
Tax breaks?  It started as their money, not yours.  Why should greedy government workers eat the carcasses of good companies?
Punish those successful job creators. Redistribute their wealth. Even if they earned it. Someone sitting on the couch needs it
It's time for the working class and working poor to stand up to the corporate owned Congress. Demonstrate against this tax cut.
Bernie, shut the hell up.. what would you know about it.. worked for the gov your entire life. Asswagon.
Let's keep the taxes on them and use the money for hurricane relief
Read it again Burn man and report correctly
After 8 years of crap and 10 trillion in debt..I think Dems are disqualified from making suggestions! @SenSanders @kachafazks
If you enjoy Socialism so much move to Venezuela...
Liar, liar pants on fire? Do you even know what the plan is? My guess is not and it doesn't matter. You were opposed b4 it even came out
The super wealthy avoid paying their current tax rate of ≈ 40% by keeping funds overseas and by living off of #CapitalGains.  Corporations keep much of their $ overseas, too.  I'd rather have 10%-20% of everything they make than 20%-40% of a small fraction of their earnings.
Did u read the proposal ? Or you babbling again.
All it will do is go to shareholders and executives. Meanwhile they're saying that the middle class should be happy with $1000.00 a year cut
Your socialism at it's finest/I want nothing you offer/you are part of the problem
STOP running your mouth and help solve the problems
HERVE KEMPF's "How The Rich Are Destroying The Earth" get sick Then read John de Graaf's "Affluenza: The All-Consuming Epidemic" get sicker
Rich people can make economic for the poor
Many of “Those” corporations are owned by regular people through their retirement accounts. Who doesn’t want stock prices to keep going up?
Went from first to last! What changed?
and what is your solution besides whining all day long while you should be on Senate floor fixing things

Bernie wants everything to be free and provided by GOVT. In return he wants all of your paycheck. He get excited when Soros calls him.
How's the investigation for fraud coming along with your wife?
Now that you lick Soros boots and have 3 homes since you ran for President.
We have heard this over in over, show us actual data that proves this because I can say 99.8 % chance you were born on Mars Fuzzy math bern
Yeah we wouldn't want them coming back with factories and jobs because of a better tax rate. Isn't that why they the the US - taxes too high
"Tax the rich!" says the hypocrite with 3 houses.
Says the non reader. You really gotta catch up.
How are we paying for the perpetual wars besides arms deals with the Saudis?
