How do I feel? If a pharmaceutical company has a patent for a drug and they charge too much for it, their patent should be revoked!
I think it's just part of being a responsible member of the community to charge reasonable prices for things. Not saying I would control it!
You do know what a "patent" does, right? It prevents competition. Granted, drugs take many years of research to bring to market... (1/2)
Then where does the money for research come from?
That's a valid question. I wonder where it come from for pharmaceutical companies in other countries…? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Pharmaceutical_companies_by_country …
Oh come on! Don't give me homework, I'm on vacation. What's the answer?!
Dunno myself. But my guess (?) is that it's possible to fund R&D by simply NOT paying the CEOs such whopping salaries…?
Then become a shareholder, attend shareholder meetings, encourage other shareholders to lower the pay.
Ok, good plan! But, I gotta wonder if I need CEO dollars to make that happen 
No, just enough shares of a stock
We give @elonmusk $4.9 billion in government tax subsidies. Do we get Teslas, Hyperloop & SpaceX rockets for free?
We get interest on the loans, which have already been paid back.
these aren't loans. They are government tax subsidies. Google the LA Times article from 2015.
You want higher taxes now? Welcome to the club!
The straw man argument club or the lack of reading comprehension society?
This is crazy. No corp should be able to profit off of public safety and health.
OH Please ... Congress has been covering for Big Pharma for DECADES = Stop trying to play the victim with your Government tax payer benefits

@GodsWordIsFree @BFostersbox   Thankyou @LarryWoolfolk for reminding us of this special song... "WAKE UP EVERYBODY"
#2) Let's take a look at ourselves to wonder why our world is the way it is..."MAN IN THE MIRROR"
#3) It is essential that we as Americans have a clear idea of what direction & research we must do to apply ourselves in the right political
#4) direction. Sorry to say that as "VOTERS" we will have to "FACT CHECK" those who choose to "LIE" to get into a political office. @WSJ @AP
#5) We as voters don't have to have an exhaustive list of everything the politician has said or done. But we do have select what's most im-
#6) important & relevant to the political position/office the politician is hoping to be voted into. His/Her political resume should be con-
#7) concise and compact in a professional manner, but as we see of Donald Trump, you don't have to be politically qualified to become POTUS.
#8) The purpose of "FACT CHECKING" our future politicians is to find out & show if he/she is really the best candidate qualified for office.
That's because they paid Democrats $176,000 to approve no generic drugs
Until Big Pharma lives up to "We Care" commercials this will only spiral down.Dead people can't buy vaccines, sick people can't buy vaccines
That crap has been going on for decades!  Why has it taken you the Socialist so long to take up this issue?! Trying to save face or what?
Arizona had a 125% increase in premiums under owebumma care, we know
Bernie:  DNC and Hillary's bots (like Joy Reid) are trashing you and your followers publicly. 

Dems will NEVER reform. Start a NEW PARTY.
Because people like you took a bribe of $176,000 to vote generics down
Bernie you want to give it away free!  Then who will pay?  The middle class again!
Uh… no… at least not according to his proposals.
I thought Big Pharma and Hillary bought you a mansion what do you want now?
Why are you forcing people to pay for the development?
Get CNN to hold town halls on your ideas.
What about for burgers they flip? You should go after McDonald's too.
Who put the aluminum in vaccines? The American people paid for Epipen too. Sold to company charging mega $$
The reason for high insurance premiums isn't because of the #ACA it's because of unregulated drug prices.
Maybe Bernie should use these companies out of existence .then their would be no more life saving drugs and no more gouging! Er um maybe not
Your plan was flawed Bernie because there were not enough protections for the US consumer ! Come up with something better
Right. End subsidies for pharmaceuticals.
Not with trump in office
Trump cares too much about blocking people on twitter than policy.
Trump is too stupid to understand policy.
The gutting of the institution of public health is the end of this era of prevention. Once again Big Pharma preys on humanity.
Right on, Bernie: now get it done.
Thanks.
#socialist
Vaccines contain high levels of heavy metal causing autism and other problems
Bernie Sanders. Nor Joe Biden can Campaign.until. the Sun goes http://Down.You  won't be our Next President.We want under 70
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/nov/30/donald-trump-george-monbiot-misinformation …

BERNIE WHAT PHILOTHROPIC THINGS HAVE DONE FOR ANYTHING OR ANYONE EVER OTHER THAN SAY LOOK AT MY SIGN??
Pull any of their approvals
How about you help with that 1.5 million you made last year on a senators pay! Don't try to tax people to starvation or death
The Senate and the Koch brothers have found a way torepeal the ACA.If that happens many people will die and many more will suffer.Pleasehelp
. 
#FAIRism is the answer to hold TRUMP & CONGRESS ACCOUNTABLE,

Read
First American Internet Revolution 

At
http://Smashwords.com/books/view/674661# … 
.
@TheGOPJesus @HuffPostPol We also paid via taxes for development of the tech that made Gates & Jobs, among others, billionaires
Its because of obumercare!
Why aren't they taxed into submission? Insurance companies are able to freely quit the AHA. No rate changes, no consequences for Pharma. ick
I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he. No other way to be saved but by Jesus..
Right on!
Have about had it with your bullsht Dem/HRC-bashing. You're a leech.
And you need to resign for violating the religious rights of Christians! Shame on you!
Please continue to fight against ACHA!
You aren't suggesting we mess with supply and demand are you?
Yes Bernie regulations are too high on vaccines. We should lower the burden of government on the industries.
From mr intolerance
If the Senate does not censure Crass Senator Gilibrand for saying FU to Our President Trump.. We will recall you all at the ballot box
"I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the father except through me."
Bernie I need 100k can you give it to me please since you made a little over a million last year let me know ok thanks
Please run again
So Bernie, you develop policy based on the Huffington post. Good source.
Daily whining and no action from Crazy Bernie the sellout.
Uh, No. The fact the government pays for poison, and diseases are thousands of times more prevalent, means they aren't beneficial. #GFYS
wealth distribution,something you love.nothing is free someone somewhere has to pay.
Bernie Sanders believes Christians shouldn't be allowed to work in the budget office?  What menial tasks are Christians able to perform?
Just give them some of the $1,000,000.00+ you made this year being a communist disguised as a socialist while being a capitalist/populist
@AlexCKaufman Don't care. No one in my family uses vaccines.
Christians are awesome and Islam is cancer
Have you told Jimmy Carter yet that he was unfit to hold office because of his belief in Jesus Christ?
No religion and the world is instantly better...no crusades, no Islamic terrorists, no troubles in Ireland, no pedophile priests, etc,
maybe if senator like yourself didn't take payoffs from drug company's it would not be that way.  #SELLOUT-SANDERS
U.S. Government is a total failure! Democrats have no backbone and Republicans are paid puppets! White House run by incompetent populist.
Like You 2019/20 will face Vetting! Like your style.  Too bad you are not Republican!  Would you take Cabinet Post?  We Agree Who Lies.
Yeah! You never hear complaints about corporate socialism from the right. Oh! that's right they provide jobs. Without workers they are done!
Here's the man that almost became President. Until @HillaryClinton screwed him. He hates Christians
Religious nuts don't belong in politics.
Yes, because what politics needs is more people who lack a moral compass.
The road to 2020!!! One community One mission One solution... @ossoff @democracynow @BernieSanders @BarackObama
Do something about this Senator Sanders.  Don't let this deal happen quietly.
@AlexCKaufman we pay high prices because politicians are bought by big Pharm! You could stop this shame those people. Do it
Tell them Bernie that they put toxic chemicals in them that causes diseases! No because $176,000 is worth more
rt just bc
So what, Bernie is a hateful bigot
Bernie, Jesus said "if u do not believe who I claim to b, u will indeed die in your sins"
No Christian will ever vote you again. You bullied a nominee and talked down to him as if he was nothing. Hell is waiting for your arrival.
Christianphobic @BernieSanders violated US constitution by imposing religious litmus test on #RussellVought & asked him 2 betray his beliefs
Where the money  Bernie?
Thank you Sen. Sanders!
That's because the Gov't gives the supply to 3rd world countries. Increase the supply and the cost will be reduced. Missed that class, huh?
Must, must..., HOW?   Any suggestions?   Next slogan, please!
Sen. Sanders, I agree and start doing something about it. I am sure you will have public support.
Like you care about what we've been charged. Liar!
@Lrihendry  Tell me again how the left represents peace and love... #BernieSanders #KathyGriffin #Fake
Finally, something we actually care about!
Like you when you voted to make imports of rx drugs illegal. Stop phony bernie h8.
Have ye founded thrones/altars on the bodies/souls of living men? Think ye that building shall endure, which shelters noble & crushes poor?
Ohio RX ballot issue coming up. Not good for Ohioans.  Rx companies need to be hemmed in.
Many drug innovations are funded, at least in part, by taxpayers. These funds ought to come with requirements for fair drug prices
article 6 constitution "no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States"
But you want certain Americans to pay
Where do you want to bring the money to pay for it? From American people? What is the difference? You wanna tax them to pay for theirs?
Last I knew, the U.S Constitution was still the law of our land! You have no right to discriminate one based on their religion. #lawsuittime
WAKE UP Senator.  Vaccines have big safety problems, the press and creepy politicians are paid by pHARMa to ignore them!
Their vaccines are poison. Demand safe vaccines and demand big pharma be financially liable for vaccine damages!!!
Repeal Obamacare
Go author a Senate bill on this!
The MSM narrative is a) he doesn't exist or b) will be too old

Australians say they were paid by Labor Party to work for Bernie Sanders in Project Veritas video - http://go.shr.lc/2sYGVB6  - @washtimes
Maybe you could sell the lake house and buy vaccines for ppl with the proceeds
So you are wanting to limit the amount of  income individuals can earn on their jobs?  Seriously?
The American people (all of them) "pay outrageous prices for" premiums & deductions thanks you Why do you defend the prolonging of it
How dare you attack a Trump nominee because he is Christian! You can ask questions but you attacked him. Oh wait, that's the liberal way!
Take religion out of the world and instantly have a better world. No crusades, no islamic terrorists, no pedophile priests...
Now that you r in the top 1% of income you despise so much, I am sure you don't mind distributing your income to help pay for others, right?
Bernie is not doing nearly enough to end the Corporate parasite domination of Dems. In 1974 he criticized CIA. Not anymore. De facto govJack
We are also paying through the nose for Trump's golf outings every weekend.
Repent of your sins and accept the Lord Jesus Christ as your Savior or He will judge you!
YOU are everything that is wrong with AMERICA.
Yes, stop making us pay to develop them!  You so right, dawg.
Should they be grilled about their religion prior to availability? Socialist-democrat? More like Stalinist commie fascist.
Okay; but right now your Republican friends are crafting a nightmare theybwill spring in the American people in a moment of horror
I'd probably be screaming at them at the top of my lungs; wouldn't do any good but that's what I'd be doing
Shame on u 4 attacking Mr.Russell Vought for his Christian believe. Who d hell do u think u r  old man. So lucky that u r not our President
Just because you're a God-less old man doesn't mean everybody else is or has to be.
If tax dollars paid for research then we should set pricing.
Zika has been in the Americas for decades.  The birth defects only occur in areas where a specific pesticide is sprayed.
Time for the American Pharmaceutical Company. Hire our vets when the Republikkkans will not.
Yes it does, too bad the health insurance companies are pulling out faster than a man learning his partner has aids. Thanks Obama/democrats.
This is Medicare coverage +suplement insurance I buy. Can't get long-term care insurance either. Who is making off like bandits?
why can't you get long-term care insurance?
Check into injections for MS. Over $6,000/month retail - in donut hole 1st month, out 2nd mo., then for rest of yr 5% of retail.
The Democrats never have worried about drugs before, why now, Bernie? Maybe because your not getting your cut and you want to cause trouble?
Have you even read one article on the collapse of Venezuela due to the Socialist policies you promote?
Medicare for all and Nationalize drug companies now!  It is the Kind, Compassionate thing to do.
And infidels must be killed. Should that disqualify someone from office? Who knows cause you'd never ask!
You would never of had the balls to question a Muslim the same as you do a Christian. A majority of Muslims consider everyone else infidels.
I'd love 2 talk to u about my cancer treatment NOT being covered by bcbs! Says is should in policy.  Games they play! Fighting 4 my life!
I didn't know you were a Christianphobic till I watched your questioning.
Appointee on his religious beliefs..Bernie will stand in judgment, no matter what he believes in..which is his own disillusions. Sick
Bernie Sanders just voted against a nominee because of his Christian beliefs.the epitome of hypocrisy, wonder if he would question a Muslim
Agreed. Let's get rid of the regulation so that more companies can compete...also, weed cures cancer, arthritis and insomnia. Questions?
Business, left to their own vices, will kill anyone in the name of profit. Wise up!
And Governments don't? 
Sorry but you're not doing crap
Not sure that's accurate since most vaccines commonly used (measles, mumps, etc) are deeply subsidized and provided at low cost #beaccurate
Write them a check you closet capitalist
We don't need a Zika vaccine!!! We need to #STOPMONSANTO!!!!
Really Bernard...who paid for rezearch...private money.  Go smoke your weed.  It has got to help!
Why do you feel that a religious litmus test is acceptable for government service?  Seems to me that the Communist Party did the same thing.
Hope that vaccine has no dangerous side effects!
so took a vet to VT s V.A. Clinic at old G.E. building...so electronic Kiosk has no braille on the buttons...watched the vet I took struggle
with kiosk use and a blind man with seeing eye dogs struggle in elevator ...one person gone out of 3 and no one in waiting room to assist...
But that's capitalism for ya. Suck it up.
You attack someone because he is a Christian Bernie Sanders you are a racist
You sir are a Christophobe and you believe we hire people based on religious beliefs. A Violation of the first amendment of the US Const.
snowflake
Life is not free.  If women can not afford kids, sterliaze them or teach them to be responsible.  Life is not free.
Not only did we pay for development we were used as guinea pigs
Let's get on with it. Many people don't take drugs prescribed for them because they CANNOT afford them.
Allowing the import of drugs from Canada seems like a common sense solution. Trump promised that,then dropped it. @SenateDems @TeamTrump
All faiths have different views on salvation. But you chose to target a Christian with your hateful rhetoric. Shame on you! #FaithandFreedom
Actually eradicating most of them would save more money, and lives
#berniethe1percenter
How about getting Monsanto out of the FDA, and Glyphosate out of our Food? That's the FIRST step to improving health in the United States.
Um... Bernie has been Anti Monsanto for years, what the heck????
My point is that ACA is a boon to insurance in the same way Monsanto is health destructive
Okay, that wasn't what I got from the tweet, sorry about that.
I could have been clearer. There's a thing about people needing to see something a LOT of times, before it begins to register.
If the people do not accept and have a relationship with Jesus then YES they ARE condemned
Bernie needs to go, he is not for freedom of religion, or basic freedoms, he needs to resign
tax payer funded drugs/vaccines are given to pharma companies. We should get joint venture or royalty pay in return
Seriously, that's where your focus is right now?
Mr Sanders, maybe you could focus your attention on REGULATIONS imposed on pharmaceutical co's that drive those costs up. #KnowWhatISpeakOf
You should have worked on that when you voted for Obamacare. Little late to be spouting.
Explain how they "paid to develop them" again?  The drug companies pay that cost. That's what Congress grants them patents.
Most vaccines are not needed please research
