As much as i love sen. sanders! The truth is this country is not ready for a socialist/human like him..!
You mean like FDR?  The only people not ready 4 #DemocraticSocialism R those who've bought the #neoliberal & #Republican #RedScare mantra.
FDR and Bernie aren't even democratic socialists, they're social democrats.
Do you want to clarify that, or is this just some superfluous semantic point?
Political definitions aren't semantics, but all I'm saying is they're not even socialists but people are scared of them.
FDR was & @SenSanders is a #DemocraticSocialist, & while both work w/in the framework of our Constitutional Republic 4 social/econ justice.
Democratic socialism is further to the left than social democracy, but I agree that they want social and economic justice.
Bernie is a self-described Democratic Socialist, it doesn't get much clearer than that.
I'd be interested to know if Rusty's a Republican, who voted for Trumplestiltskin.  <cue the Masochism Tango>
WV has a lot of progressives. Sanders won all 55 counties. Don't believe anything Manchin says; he's paid to spout industry talking pts.
A friend of mine lives in Charleston, I KNOW there are Liberals there, I was just curious, knowing how GOPs balk at "socialism" til in need.
:) I know Rusty. I don't know how he voted, but he's progressive & was at the forefront of getting medicinal cannabis passed this year in WV
You do understand my curiosity, following so many elected Republicans who opposed this and that til it hit home and became a personal issue.
I do, yet I'd urge folks to read stories of WVians (or folks from anywhere) w/out trying to make that dtrminatn. Not sure 140 cn explain...
But I worry, because I've had convos like the one in the PDF embedded here:
... and I want to help everyone. I don't care who they voted for in the last election. I don't ask when canvassing.
I just hope that he did not vote for Trump and the Repugs.. as many did... even aware of the consequences....if they voted them in...
WV is actually full of progressives. Bernie won all 55 counties. Manchin is not considered a Dem here, except by party leaders.
In the primary. Trump won WV.
Yes. Clinton stumbled badly here. Stumbled is an understatement, actually.
People just hear what they want to hear.... and Trump lied so much that ppl fell for his con man talk....
Some good folks voted 4 Trump. Bad choice IMO, but I'm less interested in their 20/20 hindsight (or not)than I am in the future of ALL of us
Of the folks I know, they regarded him as that full-of-BS friend who nonetheless always manages to pull off what he tries. They know he lies
The sitch out here is desperate. When canvassing I don't ask for whom people voted since I want to reach out to all.
@SenateGOP @GrassleyPress @robportman @SenJohnMcCain @timkaine @SenatorBurr
Good for Rusty. Praying for your healing and recovery.
My bro has stage 4 lung cancer given short time to live. lost home from bills and Obamacare cost and is now homeless. So affordable
@IronStache "Democrats have ignored them for too long." I respect how Bernie doesn't ignore red states. We're here, too.
That's great you care about children. Millions of ABORTIONS.
I love you Bernie..
@greedoverpeople
Democrats are the greedy ones since they want the government controlling our lives. Conservatives want lower taxes and spending = freedom
Doctors saved Rusty's life! Medicaid just made others pay for it. Medicaid is a transfer of wealth -- stealing from those who have.
Rusty used the money he paid in, it's called the money flow. Think if one day your company shut down, or permanently disabled unable to work
Shame on you for exploiting sick individuals for political points! Only government can prevent people from dying?! #FullRepeal
Here's an Extraordinary man working for us and our country!
No Bernie. Doctors saved his life. Medicaid is about who pays.
If Medicaid didn't pay the doctors they wouldn't have treated him.
Poor people were treated before Medicaid  we used to have free clinics and reduced prices for poor. Then the govt came and they closed
Still would have to pay for meds.
Your  answer is to make others pay for it. My answer is actually bring down cost. Yours answer encourages greed selfishness and higher cost
You haven't read the new bill, which expands funding for Medicaid, shut up and retire #SellOutSanders
Democrats' Progressive agenda is all about centralized power and control. Obamacare allows government to control health decisions.
Beautiful story Bernie, what about people like my brother who is paying $1700 (affordable $'s) a month and losing his business?
single payer healthcare is the only solution
It is time @POTUS is held accountable for promises social security, Medicare and Medicaid would not be touched. Did @GOP just laugh at him?
And who paid for it. Remember Medicaid only covers 37% of hospitals cost. Answer - hard working middle class who pays $1600/m premium.
I love this wholeheartedly until the bs that the Dems have ignored these people. It's complete bullshit. #ACA
When your dying of a medical procedure they won't pay for plans
Pennsylvania is a communist state doesn't have rules that other states have so we the people feel time for social medical
The Geisenger gold claims easy exstractions easy filling cleaning and X-ray this is a scam Bernie I want my bill paid for I'm paying forplan
85 dollars for X-rays 740 For teeth pulled this isn't right we schould not pay tax either when over 65
Dear Bernie I went to dentist this week I'm on social security Medicare and have part c Geisenger gold I was given a bill
Yes, but Republicans don't want to save lives, they want to "trim the fat" and want more for them and less for everyone else.
2 slices of cake
crooked Hillary will steal it again and you can't do a thing about it
R U included in 'the wealthy needs to pay their fair share"? UR wife makes 6 figures is that considered rich? Mr. Sanders?
Insurance doesn't save lives. Providers do. AHCA has increased costs and reduced availability. Repeal this failure.
#UniversalHealthCare, #NoTaxBreaksforTheRich
You are one of the biggest liars and bulls....ers there is
Saving lives doesn't give tax cuts to the rich according to GOP agenda!  When will we wake up!
No the doctors and God saved his life! If there was no Medicaid he would have gone to hospital ER!
Ya. I'm sure it was the Medicaid expansion.  Lmao
While Kamala tweets about resisting, Bernie is in West Virginia with the people.
Loving you Bernie.xx
Thanks for sharing. This is the type of persuasion I like.
A great great great video! Keep them coming!
Thank you Bernie for keeping Health Care front and Center!
Bank Fraud Bernie, Medicaid is nothing but fking government welfare!! These people should get jobs, get their own health insurance!!
Narrative re:Dems must involve better messaging at what we are for, not just against. Balance of power. Non unilateral rule. You R Wonderful
Senator Sanders has a loose grasp on grammar.  He said, in essence, that Medicaid expasion was diagnosed with testicular cancer!
I love this!!
How'd gov't health care help Charlie Gard? Nothing beats politicians & budgets dictate your level of care.
About time all of you work together to fix the problems instead of finger pointing.
Bernard you need to go away....
So the cure to cancer is medicad? All this time I thought medicine would do it.
Did he pay into health insurance prior to cancer or after he was diagnosed?
?????????
Most people would do well to avoid the cancer industry entirely. Seek alternate treatments for better long term results.
To bad there isn't 49 more Bernie Sanders in the Senate.
And yet WV voters supported Trump.   Incomprehensible to me.  They were sold a pig in a poke.   Those coal jobs aren't coming back.
Ya ever notice Democrats always play on people's emotions & pick the worst case scenario & use it as the template across the board? 
No. Doctors saved his life. Medicaid paid for it.
What about the millions that are losing healthcare and unable to receive benefits because of the ACA? Or the ones that are dying from cost?
Praise God
Bernie and his wife need to go to prison they can share a cell with Hillary.
Did Manchineel talk to Rusty, or just people who didn't like ACA?
I mean Manchin! Oops
And how many hard working middle class Americans lives did it ruin?
Same insurance as you right? NOT so we are to listen to you about socialized medicine but you have special care.  Pathetic individual you r
Jewel runners
#Texas never expanded we are dying here
blame your republican senators!
Dude..your like the Debbie Downer of Twitter. Death and Depression...just like the Democratic Party..lol
upfront apology**-sorry to be a grammarian but...
That's a dangling participle. Medicaid didn't have cancer, Rusty did. But good  message!
Love you, Bernie, but that dangling participle is killing me! (And I'm pretty sure my plan doesn't cover that!) :-)
#Getonmyhealthcareplancongress
.@SenSanders I want the insurance like yours, Sen. Sanders. Can you appreciate that? I want the great insurance like yours THAT I PAY FOR.
Bernie finds ONE happy government healthcare fan. Now on the hunt for two.
He'll have you to thank for losing his healthcare. You've done enough damage
Mary Council,NC - IRS 'Made Me Widow,' Witness Tells Senators : Taxes: A husband's suicide is among horror stories the panel hears.
The treatment saved his life, Medicaid paid for it.  He would have gotten treatment regardless of ability to pay
You think you are exempt from the demands of equity. Why do you have 3 houses? You are a true hypocrite.
Fraud, just like Jane and Bernie!
https://milo.yiannopoulos.net/2017/07/doj-charges-hundreds-in-largest-health-care-fraud-takedown-ever/ …
That stuff I pay my taxes where's my thank-you card
So the only thing that will change will be that your state will take on more of the responsibility over the years. Not the whole US.
Ummm....tell the truth, wasn't it originally covered under medicare anywys?  I know someone else with similar cancer that medicaid covered.
Just imagine an inexpensive free market health insurance system where he wouldn't have to rely on Medicaid
I don't understand. Friend hit by a truck, no ins, went to KU med and got rod in leg and face surgery, never paid a dime.There is saftey net
I thought the doctors did.  Doesn't medicaid just pay for it?
Healthcare matters. 2/2
Sorry yout husband got cancer. Why are the American people responsible to pay for his care? If you could have invested the Medicare tax 1/2
You would have had way more than 75k to pay for his care yourself. Government doesnt take care of your money better than you
My husband was diagnosed with prostate cancer soon after he turned 65 and started on Medicare. The surgery cost $75K. It saved his life. 1/2
Thanks God for capitalism.
."Democrats have ignored them for too long." #Simple #Truth #United #Yep

In today's day and age in the richest country in the world Healthcare is a human right
I will most likely die if I don't receive healthcare. I worked and paid for coverage 24 years but after my diagnosis could afford cobra care
Bernie even doin da RTJ sign? Dope, Bernie...Salute!!!

using the money they sold from selling their other house.
that argument is illogical, as Sanders can't screen refugees, it's not his jurisdiction.
Stage 3 breast cancer: but for the ACA (Obamacare), I wouldn't be here for my kids.
If states had more burden, they would not be so liberal about accepting illegals.  I don't want my fed tax $ 2 cover Calif, Wash & NY.
States should take responsibility 4 subsiding healthcare.  Constitution states anything not specifically covered belongs to state.  HC one
I want a refund - but I must say you flipped me to the right - along with millions
You do know what a --donation-- is, right?
You took all of WV jobs away what else could he use??? Trying to hook people in  with socialism. I see. U never cared about WV!
What?
I'm happy he's cured!! But my health insurance now $3,200 a month $15,600 deductible I would die if I had that!!! Can't Afford My Insurance!
Why don't you talk about the biggest opioid health fraud in US history that just happened? West Virginia could use it. You big phony.
Hope you don't mind me following you!
Bernie you haven't change in 30 years , stop play on ignort people makes me sick !
You say nothing about the DNC fraud lawsuit, push the Russia scare & exaggerate about health care every day. I thought you had integrity?
Dear "Friend" you need to do more research- read Dark Money for a start
Senator Sanders is absolutely 100% accurate
Amém
You seem mighty silent on the ceasefire in Syria & mighty heavy on the deep state Russia McCarthyism media scare. Any particular reason?

He's covered without it fear monger....
How do feel about Jeff Sessions saving opioid abuse with the biggest health fraud bust in US history, fearmongering Bernie?
Let Sessions jail Governor Rick Scott about Fraud then he has done something!
@KillerMike @therealelp Bernie shout-out.
Bernie you made millions last year. MILLIONS. Funny to see you weasel private gains as a socialist.
Explain to us how it did any better job than private insurance would - sans massive government inefficiencies and regulations?
You're too wrong!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_total_health_expenditure_per_capita …
http://www.who.int/healthinfo/paper30.pdf … - page 18
You're welcome!
That isn't at all a refutation. I said without government inefficiency and regulation. We have a less free market than many countries
I don't think you've studied the industrial age enough to learn how awful a free market is c:
Thanks Obama
Same Rusty that runs the WV Cannabis Board?
I don't know about "runs" but yes, he's on the WV Cannabis Board.
Don't you have a fraudulent wife to defend?
I wish Rusty all the best .
But alas; You @SenSanders remain as quintessentially "balls-to-the-wall" 's' as ever.
Bet we could find a bunch of people in VT where Obamacare hasn't worked out so well, or flat out badly.
Who started this government in healthcare business? #FullRepeal & no change to Medicaid is needed. #BankFraudBernie should be happy then.
Dangling modifier.  "After getting diagnosed... Rusty Williams' life was saved by..."  The *subject* has to immediately follow that opening.
Myself diagnosed with Diabetes and COPD and my company closing ACA saved me.  Thank you Mr. Obama @BarackObama
Why would you thank him for taking your  jobs away? The brainwashing!
The world is not as black and white as you make it to be. Every job loss in the country is not related to a president. They're not gods.
I need to add to my profile "I block stupid people"  Anthony definitely fits that bill
You'll need to block more than 50% of people, most likely....
I was all for you bernie- till you turned right around and endorsed Hillary.
Paid off or threatened?
If you where in Sweden I would vote for you
Sweden a doomed country you can have obama killary and old man lunatic bernie
Hahaha. Glhf. Who wants Hillary when Bernie is available.
Who wants either
You. You just haven't realized it yet ,
;)
Trust me sweden is in the dumps
Is that a fact or a feeling?
Think ya need your head examined wanted a buy out socialist bernie ha ha

Love you Bernie!
probably wasn't posted by him, you know.
Bernie has no testicles. What's your point. Social medicine waits till he's dead, then give him treatment.die Bernie.treatment awaits you
Just finished "Our Revolution" and it has seriously changed my perspective on how we address and combat issues in our great nation.
You are so desperate to make USA like Venezuela. You are nothing more than a common thief, stealing what doesn't belong to you.
But we still can't get coverage for people that accidentally get shampoo in they peterhole? This is a outrage!
Bernie draws Dem challenger sick of his 'Robin Hood shtick'  #Socialist
after being investigated by the FBI, Mrs Sanders was indicted.....

Just imagine a guy that hadn't been forced onto welfare. Real insurance might have gotten him in at stage 1 or 2.
An unsubstantiated assumption based on inaccurate information? Well...that's ALMOST like having a point.
Do the math. Medicaid was already low bidder, OC took it down a notch. Medicaid avg 3 wks, OC avg 8 weeks. My avg - today.
oh, and that's pretending that deductibles didn't delay initial contact.
You better be in the best shape of your life Bernie, because I expect to see your name on the ballot in 2020!
Why to be bought out again ha
Charlie Gard lost all his rights to get care under single payer and had been sentenced to die by the single payer death panels.
hope he gets the all clear and stays healthy , good luck Rusty

RTJ
Man If I couldn't afford surgery for this or get help from the government to get it I'd cut that bitch out maDAMNself.
King
Y'all, keep calling every republican. These will absolutely impact someone you care about. I guarantee it.
Mine will not answer or take messages...been calling since the inauguration.
Great work Dr. Sanders. Tell us, what did you do to his testicles to heal him?
Well yeah, cancer victimizes people
god bless that poor man's balls
Yikes
