Remember, hurt people, HURT PEOPLE. People who have been hurt tend to self-medicate and everyone pays the price!
People who have operations go home with pain meds that unbeknownst to them get them addic .Meds like opioids that our pharmaceutical supply!
I understand that and it is a huge problem. It's not the only substance abused though and opiates aren't only abused via direct script.
People become addicts due to the opioids and turn to street drugs and I never said you didnt know.
Too many are overdosing deaths !epidemic
Stupidity...it's both.  Personal choice that breaks the law and leads to addiction is criminal first.
Have you ever drunk a beer? If you were an addict, that one could start your decline. You don't know when you choose one.
Yes and it's legal at my age.  To help you understand I'm talking about adults choosing to use illegal drugs that then leads to addiction.
Gotcha!
not a disease. if the people would only use there brains and not resort to drugs they would'nt have  these problems. truth hurts
It is a disease though. Whether or not they chose to start is irrelevant, it's impossible to stop for some people.
it is not a disease cos they just want a excuess not to use there brain. if they would'nt fall into peer pressure they would'nt have this
But it is a disease.
not a diease just a excuess for people to do drugs. it's there own fault if they won't use there brains and not do it. they always get press

it's  there own fault for falling into peer pressure and i'm not gonna believe anything other wise.
Up. All the people he hires are untrustworthy stupid or liars
I feel they're trying to rip off American government as well as that he is using religion to make things illegal and ignorance on planet
tie me up and educate me queen!
#alcoholawareness Substance abuse commonly used term but really talking about Booze, toxic carcinogen in plain sight
I even saw some chick say if we stand up to trump we are the problem. So sick of course he didn't set her straight. He probably is that fckd
We have to begin w/accepting #Reagan's deinstitutionalization was an abysmal failure, serving none but spec interests who privatized MHcare.
Senator Sanders, you are the politician I have been waiting for all my life: thank you for your sensitive and smart response to this issue!
Me too, man!
Get a job and you wouldnt have time to stay high!!
@ker helping reduce the chance of HIV spreading through shared needles, sex, etc., along with saving lives.
What about those who sell it? Health issue?
all the people saying lock them up-your paying for it! its coming from your taxes! DOH! prohibition and incarceration DO NOT WORK, get real
I am trying to work and get a home and I witnessed a quadriplegic woman be harassed and she has her marijuana letter. It was gross
I'm dealing with the same thing now they are using my mental illness against me https://www.gofundme.com/ne96mx-leaving-america …
Ironic how O'Sanders lies and says buying and consuming illegal drugs is not a crime. Sanders has not revealed the first intel or politician
drugs are no more than a sticky plaster used by those in charge of shaping and controlling our  societies to cover up all of their failures
Marijuana helped me I have PTSD and can get real delusional. I believe in being abused by trump and so are my friends. Its fraud what
Drugs,money,poverty, has no color on them 2pac Davis my last song i did substance abuse
Maybe you should try to understand embezzlement instead
Then why is the DEA attacking legitimate pain patients people that have  been suffering for years now have their meds drastically cut back
Once the pain patients cant afford their meds like the opioids they turn to street drugs sadly.
Epidemic of drug overdoses and too many die.
You should be the president right now.
He and sessions are doing and him acting like he is not apart of it they're using religious bias to hurt people. Its a mental illness
Those who need help must realize they are their own best help and their own worst enemy.
All ethnicities are becoming addic to opioids that our pharmaceutical companies are profiting off of and the affluent and poor are
addicted
And the addicts need help so very much. Not punishment. They punish themselves plenty.
I don't quite agree. Addiction is a health issue. Abuse of some substances is a choice. Important to understand who needs help v education.
How about the loosing abuse did the wife find the millions yet or did it go to your communist campaigne
Phrase substance *abuse* itself is inherently judgemental. Substance use would be more neutral, caring & dignified. Love the post though!
Had a man tell me if he didn't get free help hed be in my house robbing me. They didnt really help this idiot. sometimes criminals R addicts
Yes! As an aspiring mental health practitioner, I wholeheartedly agree. It's about addressing their mental/physical health and giving  help!
Jesus on the streets. Judas in the sheets.
Unsung hero saving lives.
@HeatherRenwick  Portugal understands
HOW LONG is it a health issue until it becomes a CRIMINAL issue? You're a dolt
Health issue that our pharmaceutical companies companies created and should beheld accountable for and all the deaths across the country.
Truth. But 1st we need 2explain how the war on drugs was meant 2 target minority groups & jail them in CCAs 4 a new modern day free labor.
What is criminal is that our pharmaceutical companies are profiting off opioids and get them held responsible for funding treatment centers
Our pharmaceutical companies are profiting off opioids that are turning our citizens into drug addicts and thousands of people are dying!
This is so true.. We need to turn back to Humanity..
"When we lose sight of Humanity we lose sight of our Purpose". ~S.Burr~
With or without drug war, the human is in the US, is usually a resident, a neighbor. Help your neighbors, they will do the same.
The use and abuse of substances is a health issue of multi-sectoral solution
Some say this encourages drug use, but all it is is saving lives!
Maybe.. but how about Leadership issue? Failure to lead people not to take addictive substance... this include the different Churches
Great job sir!  It takes a really strong person to try to right these wrongs
they kill me
@hrw  i give my salute to this man, great deed and more power sir!
Oh God another enabler , go team stupidity
https://twitter.com/cynical_side/status/903385318937608192 …
Its a health ossue until they commit crimes for their drugs which never hppens huh!
Portugal decriminalised drugs 16 years ago and we have a low death rate of overdose,  HIV infections has decreased. For us is a health issue

Right. Statistically it brings better results and much more  respect to people and the problem itself. Dutch policy already for years.
Please get insurance out of healthcare.
It's a mental health issue. It's a pain issue. It requires peace and time to address and we're plum out of both. Also, #ibogaine
Yet you only speak up now  but once again you're not protecting all Americans  only the ones That bring you  political points! Stop the DEA.
Why has nothing been done  to protect the legitimate pain patients the DEA have telling the DR what amounts they can prescribe for 3 years
Yes, while their in prison.
the Lunatic Liberal Left Fringe (aka Democrat Party) is always open to an excuse for illegal activity. Protect the criminal not the Public.
Choices.
#HumaneBeingAward! #Empathy @SusanSarandon @MarkRuffalo @MMFlint #Drugs #PhilipSeymourHoffman #HeathLedger
And if we had a social safety net worthy of the term, this angel would have dental care and a full set of teeth. #AmericanShame
Bernie, my friend, I think that substance abuse is a choice.  It becomes an excuse before a disease.  #itsthetruth #accountability
Chronic pain sufferers are being punished! #EndAntiNarcoticRhetoric
Thanks for the feature! We just started our Twitter account - follow Moe's harm reduction group @TheChosenFewDC for updates in DC!
We need to get out there like this man elp people not condemn them
My dad is a Nam vet, was a heroin addict, and now on dialysis cuz of Hep C. Lost my sister to opiates 2 years ago.
You see senator  - when you make clear concise reasonable statements. You can make a little sense.  Small steps. Well done.
This is an issue that requires compassion, patience, and immediate action!
This man has Silver lining status!
Please push for all staff to receive Trauma Informed Care in schools, jails, prisons, etc., as well as throughout all Human Services fields.
What about the thugs who sell this poison?
Your a fraud. Vermont has second highest opiod crisis in country increasing steadily for 5 years you've done nothing for your state. #opiod
You can't help someone who doesn't want it. They made a concious choice to use, knowing the risk. It is a self responsibility issue.
A family member?! I guess my privilege is showing. I never even considered that a family member would purposely inject drugs into a child.
Adults can do whatever they want with their bodies but don't sell it to kids.

Well, it's often not quite so binary... agree with the care and dignity part, but it can be BOTH a health and criminal issue.
Bernie at his best! Can't stick to 1 issue & make a difference before he is harping on another one. Dementia or ADHD?
So heartbreaking to hear these suicides with opioid overdoses. Why is this happening? One reason is lack of purpose in life and hopelessness
Agreed
Exactly.And don't excommunicate them.
Harvey healthcare support is Medicare for all even with some hospitals having to close!
Keep up the good work! And thanks for remembering that these addicts are people,they are someones loved one and they need help not judgement
Kudos to you and the work you do-this disease is kills and compassion is thin with many people who don't get it 
also understand that substances don't cause addiction. Treat root causes: ACEs, social distress, trauma, mental illness
Word.
Amen.
Substance abuse is substance abuse no matter how you look at it. Abusing substances is a choice, an addiction. It's not a "disease".
I agree 
I hear nothing but a deafening silence from the right-wing.
I agree that addicts deserve compassionate care. However, what about the rest of us with zero health insurance? #healthcareforall
Do you believe in self responsibility?
Meaningless. Call for decriminalization of drugs or get in line with the pharm industry Bernie. You're a fucking independent, why so lame?
Absolutly!!! that the truth
This man should be on salary & full benefits for what he is doing. Volunteerism's a wonderful thing but 1/
- I'm beginning to think our country has forgotten what it means to pay people w salary & benefits for work. 2/
Take Harvey, for ex. All these people stranded bc they're2 poor to leave. 3/
People w jobs & money R lining up to volunteer which is quite commendable. 4/
But they shld offer the unemployed salaried positions w benefits doing relief work and rebuilding. Where is FDR? 5/5
criminalizing a disease is tragic.
Song: Living addicted.'Maak 'r elke dag 't beste van' ENG Make the best of it; every day. -  De Gevoelige Snaar https://youtu.be/9ItcUQIEX1g 
We going the wrong direction
War on Drugs has never work since its inception. Learn from your mistakes
What a great idea!  Thx for passing along my Tweet!
love your work
And those who tend to abuse aren't given a fair shake.
And non-druggieshave to flip the bill for dumbasses making a decison to use?? Yeah, that's fair.
Jail does not help the user. Drugs should be decriminalized and laws should go after suppliers and traffickers. Treat users instead
Bern,
Where have the democrats been the last 30 years or more on the minimum wage issue? I voted for you in primary. # 1 issue on poor folks
IF people could make 15 per hour, they could make a go of it. Even health care should be way down on wish list. Without wages we are lost.
#EndTheDrugWar #Afghanistan #Warmongers #EndlessWar #WarProfiteers #CrimesAgainstHumanity #Imperialism
Also, #Trump needs to keep his Russian mob boss handlers in heroin...
Actually it is both a criminal and health, or shouldn't we say, mental health, issue. Abusers should be helped, but the law can't be ignored
The beat way to stop the opiods crisis is not to help people take the narcotic it's to stop them from taking the narcotic at all
By passing out more syringes your just an accomplice in the drugs use
What he should be doing is exposing the drug dealers so the police can identify them to stop the spread of drugs
So now your supporting the govt assist people in using drugs during an opiods crisis you are a real disgrace this encourages drug use shame
Substance abuse is both, but doesn't become a health issue until after it is a criminal issue.
Thank you.

And President Trump has a group working on this issue
an angel.
They have to want help first.
One of the greatest struggles of an addict is wanting help.
If your doing illegal drugs, yes you are breaking the law.  Its criminal then.  You say the dumbest things sometimes
Convicting people for using marijuana who haven't committed crime is like giving ticket 4 over legal limit alcohol when no accident happened
Substance abuse is a choice that leads to health issues. But you were kinda close.
It's no more excusable for an addict to assault or steal than it is for any thug to do so. 
I suspect vast majority of public feels this way
You have no idea about the beast of addiction. I've had heroin addicted friends who stole from me, got treatment and now live healthy lives.
Bernie is the most ill informed person I know
nobody forced them to take the first bite, they made the decision. It's not a disease, it's a decision, a bad one.
Substance abuse is a self-inflicted health issue.
Illegal behaviour or violence to maintain any addiction is inexcusable.
Girl gets raped continuously as child, grows up, does drugs, ends up in prison for life.  Yeah, that makes sense.
Yes they should be helped, but they get themselves addicted.  And Gangs get VERY rich from selling drugs. So criminal issue? Yep!
No one gets it but you! It is taking too long for help. So many thousands are dying every month. When can we get help???
you would rather see addicts in the streets shooting up just for a vote. 
then these needles wind up on the curb or hiding somewhere that a child might pick up, and even poke themselves. it's not ok
This man a complete saint oh my god he's so kind
Every city needs this !!!!
What do you know about addiction???
Im currently going to school in NYS to become a substance/alcohol abuse counselor & I want to thank you for your support Mr. Sanders
follow Moe's work @TheChosenFewDC, the local drug user organizing collective he's the president of!
People need to stop making it ok for others ruining their life. I have no sympathy for drug addicts or pregnancy they can't afford.
Take it from an ex-addict, substance abuse is a choice, like Homosexuality, & whoredom, it all a choice, believe it.
No it's a choice issue. They choose to do drugs and I am not responsible for another adults mistakes. And I should not have to pay for it.
1) Tell that to the people they stole from. I am sure they take comfort that the people were just "sick".
2) This modern culture of not your faultism gets wrecked when you study ww1 vets addicted to morphine.
U ever seen breaking bad lmao
then you must support the presidents healthcare bill that that McCain messed up it had 65 Billion for recovery efforts #Trump #drugs
You are so right. We need you for President
100% right.  Heroin addiction has a diagnosis code and everything.  Insurance companies acknowledge it as a disease.  We all should .
You must understand the addict must be willing to quit. You cannot force someone to quit.
Aspects of it are criminal. Seems like we shouldnt make it easy for addicts to stay addicts. Substances vary as well.
Sure. Which is why drug dealers are so evil and should be locked up. How do you square your comment with the desire to release dealers?
You're such a beautiful person, thanks for always being on the side of justice and what's right
Yeah, and drug dealers are just good ole boys that vote Democratic
It can be or neither. Depends on the individual.
No it's a life choice I had nothing to do with what a person puts into their body when are you going to get it Bern you pay for it then
What caused the issue?
yeah let's make the pharmaceutical companies pitch in for substance abuse programs.
I'm getting tired of paying for the poor choices of others.
Yeah, give them free drugs.
Ok so it's a needle exchange. How many used needles do they collect? These programs enable addicts, while putting the rest of us at risk.
Amen
So true
Fantastic! Mr. Bernie
So many grossly over-simplified views on this is part of why there are never solutions. Everyone can only see relative to themselves.
It's not a disease it's a dis-ease in life! Fix the root of the problem, not the symptoms! Get drugs off streets! Get ppl out of poverty!
Crack Addicts breaking into cars for $ for drugs ?Is a health issue? Bernie, stop tweeting and spend more time in your Hillery Dream House
Substance abuse is an expression of alienation from capitalism.
Yeah, ya see, I'm not 100% behind that notion. It can be, but definitely isn't always. Sometimes obesity isn't a glandular problem, either.
Wow Bernie, something we can agree on. However, we should be TREATING this and not providing services that continue to enable their behavior
So if I decide to get lost everyday in YStone park and make  rangers send out Search and rescue at taxpayers expense you'd be fine with it?
All of this can be traced back to failed liberal policies
'Jesus Christ' is the cure. Try reaching out to a church.I've seen many lives changed.We have faith based programs 
in most jails. Seek God!
Agree but except for those who are peddling they're criminals
Bullsh.t
99% are not born addicted. Choice !
Really ? So the crack head has a bag of crack and it's ok because Bernie said so
How do compare getting a disease with mis-using drugs?
Because addiction is an actual mental disease. It's not a comparison.
I'm with you on a lot of things Senator, and I think everyone should be treated with care and dignity, but a health issue? I'm not sure.
Per research,addiction is not a moral failing. No 1 thinks, gee I want to b a junkie when I grow up.  Many reasons but legit med condition.
Neither is mental health. But, Many of those have been forgotten as well.
Enough advice from you Sanders,how about ,people should not scam banks,should not lie to avoid the draft in sixties,should not free load.
That's the liberal point of view, it's never the individuals fault it's always someone else.
@BernieSanders when you say go, we will take over the streets to remove trump just like South Korea. We need a leader to bring us together
So poor decision-making is a health issue as well?
But then the prison industrial complex would shrivel... 
