Lmao sanders r u kidding? Lmao I thought sea levels were supposed to rise? Yet an island just formed off coast of North Car. Ur a joke dude.
Damn trolls. Ur the joke dude. Ask Trump how his Florida golf course is doing? Or better yet Check out Trump's Mar a lago  resort. #OhMyBama
Lmao I was in florida the other day. It's all good.
Sweet stay down there another couple years and drown
N
Love me some Al Gore
Lets see if the entire truth of climate change causes is included in the sequel. An. Agriculture ( eating meat) is a huge cause of climate
The climate has been changing for millions of years.
Much love

Man-Bear-Pig is alive and well. Someone must stop him, I'm super cereal!. @algore and @SenSanders to the rescue.
I think there's some carbon credits wirh your name on them.
IMPEACH @realDonaldTrump , @VP PENCE, @SpeakerRyan , @SecretaryZinke TODAY https://oceantoday.noaa.gov/blackcarbon/  - Black carbon is the fancy name for soot
We need something for the low income to be able to convert to solar or wind turbons
Al gore also thought snow would be melted off some mountains by now and he stands corrected
Thanks for keeping up the good fight Bernie
By Algores prediction we should be underwater by now
Ahem.
Operative word is "cheap" Bernie. If you & Gore start living like paupers & give your wealth to those who can't afford a solar energy system, then I won't think you are hypocrites. Funny how Gore uses the term "big money" & continues to live like a king.

Where are the profits going?
He invented the internet and money comes out of you ***
Not about flooding. Agriculture based on thousands of years of stable climate. More variability makes food production more difficult.
Thank you for your tireless efforts in saving our planet Mr President
You are inspiration!  Yes, we need to stop global warming!


Thank him, NOT!!! They need to go with Hillary back into the forest and all of them retire.
Hey Bernie, why don't you mention the fact that every last one of gore's predictions for the 2010s have been observation ally proven FALSE?
Yes we are.  That is why the Rebublicans have the majority.  LOSER!!!!
Al Gore is right up there with Bill Nye.  Frauds.
bill bye invented the martian sundial. and al gore invented the internet that you are using right now
Whats the internet have to do with climate change?  And i dont think gore created the internet.  He takes credit for it.
This could easily be edited down to two one-minute spots...

...to be aired during commercial breaks on NASCAR.
This is beginning to sound like a Sanders/Gore ticket??????
Al gore tried before 2000 to be elected president. Each time he got shut down HARD. He's unelectable. Uncle Bernie isn't going to help that.
Who's 'WE' ?
Educate? Or do you mean Convert? If you are a liberal, you are more likely to be an atheist. In spite of this, you still create religion.
Two idiots talking climate change. Hey dummies climate has been changing on this planet since its birth.
Did he fly to the interview in his gas guzzling Gulfstream III? Nothing says climate friendly like an obsolete business jet!
There r so many stupid people in the US that this country isn't even worth saving. Let it be destroyed so that the stupidity may die with it
Stay strong and keep fighting @HCisaright ! Can appreciate how frustrated you are!
Wh does Trump and the GOP understand the job growth related to green energy.
It's fake news BS
Support the 28th Amendment, overturn Citizens United vs the FEC. Take back our government from the corporations. http://americanpromise.org .
I can never forgive you
Not the same Al Gore that was Bills C_ck-Holster? Another NAFTA guy? Help me I'm Melting, I'm melting, I'm melting!
It's all about making money for you crooks
Gore said where I live would be a inland sea by now also there ain't no damned dolphins swimming in my back yard yet stop the con
http://Facebook.com/SenatorSanders   Issue changes, keep checkg; Bernie explains the ISSUES that matter 2U, your family, loved 1s &job @OurRevolution x
One way to promote the use of solar energy is to add solar panels along the wall to be created on our southern border with Mexico
Oscar, are you really that idiotic? Trump and his family are going where they belong-to jail. One more year of this disaster  of a Congress,
Humans burning fossil fuel is most certainly the cause. Look at Venus which has a greenhouse atmosphere-surface temps are 900 Degrees.
The water table in Miami is already so salty that wells are useles and fresh water is being pumped in. The cause is Carbon dioxide emissions
Scientists have found a massive heat layer beneath the ocean's surface.
A chunk of ice the size of Delaware is breaking off Antartica.
OSCAR.  That "island" (sandbar) has come and gone throughout geologic history. reflects a movement of the Gulf Stream. THAT is VERY BAD!
Educate? That's what you call it?
No doubt...Go. Bernie!!!
Democrats just want their voting bloc back -Al Gore lied to them in 2008-it MAY NOT WORK AGAIN-SOME MAY HAVE GROWN A BRAIN -POSSIBLY?!?!
Is he still taking his private jet to lecture people on how to be energy consious & conserve?!?!  Hippocrite!!!
Thank you for your leadership!
Al, thank you for all your work. Please keep it up. We need you.
What a scam!!!!!!!!$$$$$$'dd
you realize he was completely wrong and has to make another movie to save face (and $$) right?

.@algore got a D in "climate" class at Harvard, no?  
BTW have YOU taken physics or chem?  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiKfWdXXfIs …
Bet he is now saying the Great Barrier Reef is dying b/c of global warming when Japan is daily dumping 1000's of gals of radioactive water
Thank him so much?Lol.Have you even seen how much hes worth now compared to before he jumped on the #climatechange bandwagon? You're a joke
The longer it takes for you to sober up to the facts stated herein & act under THESE 12 Principles, the Worse Trump/GOP Damage will be:
The young should sue their governments for ruining the planet and leaving them to suffer #ClimateChangeIsReal #ClimateAction #climate
Mind if I call you Senator BS from now on?
Al Gore is just another say to say "provable idiocy".  According to him, we should already be dead.
Climate change/global warming-what a farce. Just a way to get wealthy on carbon credits market.

Hahaha, Gwing is a political ploy for the untalented politicians.
P
Al gore wants all the beachfront property to himself!!! But it up Al!!!
Global warming has been happening since the end of last ice age. Happening on mars and Jupiter too. Is that our fault also? The Sun stupid!
Educate/ brainwash. Lie/ truth. Repeat it enough, one is the other. Manhattan, Hudson looks same level as when I was kid. Where the water ?
And for the internet he invented. 
Political dream team!
I don't much care for the old coot sanders or agree with him politically but a newer source of electricity should be looked into
Pretty arrogant to think that we can somehow control climate on this planet.  Fix pollution, something we are responsible for.
While making millions off of his movies and traveling on his Gulf Stream Jet. Just use your initials when you tweet Bernie = BS
The change in weather has zero to do with humans.   The planet is changing like it has all of its existence.
The only climate change is coming out of Bernies mouth
No we don't
The new Abbott and Costello
@dmatthewmillar @SenSanders I'm sorry, even if you lost to HRC you should not be this stupid. @algore is a profiteer, nothing else.
Sorry I did not vote for you
Sanders and Gore won't tell you that wind and solar are both subsidies by federal tax dollars. Neither would be built without federal tax $.
I don't thank him for educating people anymore than I thank him for inventing the internet
What's your carbon footprint environmentally controlling all of those houses now? Hypocrites! Do as I say, not as I do! Phonies, democrates!
Globalist idiots, said bovine flatulence was a danger to humanity. Then tried to fine farmers!! Go pound sand nut job .
Now that Neoliberal Monsters he created via the DLC @BillClinton & @HillaryClinton are totally discredited  Gore jumps on Sanders' bandwagon
He's so worried about it look at all those solar panels on the roof 
I'd also like to thank Mr. Gore for running a powerful 2000 campaign in which he WON. Sadly his opponent was appointed.
No climate change only God and mother nature we r a dot on the time line/massive changes happy over 1000's if years/get a grip
Bernie, are you seriously following Al Gor. Wow, believed you had researched climate change, 31,000 scientists believe not caused by humans.
Yes, people should be aware but not disolutioned and mislead. I am for reducing "carbon footprint" but change will happen regardless.
Sanders / Gore 2020, that would be awesome.
Both have lost bids in their party already
Paris Accord-If 196 signers performed @ 100%, temp moves 2/10 of one degree Celsius by 2100,  Cost 2 U.S. 2.4T over next 10yrs. Not worth it
I suppose it a good tjing?? Problem is most of the climate change is natural: volcanos, sun bursts, cause melting, etc. It happened before
Those who deny the reality of #ClimateChange, its impacts will soon reach them in their sleep... #Fact
I dount many deny climate  changing, it the causes that are questioned. Most is natural cycle, not human cause, except too many humans now
Yes, not many deny it but some, the American president included, he believes #CC is just a hoax and dats why he pulled out of #ParisAccord
Partially, and it was sucking a  money, disproportionately from US. Help, ok; but, suck us dry, NO-getting old.
Cut this guy loose, Bernie.
And @algore continues to burn fossil fuels as he talks down to us peons. It's a #shame he doesn't practice what he demands!
Most people fade into obscurity after losing an election, but @algore stepped up and started on the most important work of his career.
Hes not educating anyone except you.  Anyone with a science education knows whats going on. How many shares of his company do you own?
How much did he lobby you with?  Such a joke!  So how is this going to help the poor, the homeless, drug addicts, violence?
Friday July 21, 2017. 
Shanghai's hottest day ever recorded.
via @washingtonpost
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/capital-weather-gang/wp/2017/07/21/the-worlds-most-populated-city-shanghai-just-had-its-hottest-day-in-recorded-history/ …
aight game but how you feel about veganism tho?? cowspiracy?? you can't trash talk the repubelicans then stay sleep bern!! WAKE UP
Republicans in control have accomplished nothing Trump's family is going to jail.
Gore is an idiot..People in his home state of TN don't like him. He would have been Pres if he could carry his home state
And if Florida democrats were not too stupid to read the ballot.
Did they find manbearpig?
I wish you talked to him about single payer
Support #SinglePayer & #ClimateAction with $1: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/omarvaid 
(we are not accepting corporate $ so we need you)
And he created the internet!
Refreshing to hear two champions tell it like it is.  We are past the point of putting money before human survival. POTUS doesn't get it!
LOL Bernie.... you crack head!! It's all about tax dollars!! Give Mad Max Waters her pipe back!!
Meanwhile he bought a multi-million $ home on Florida coast that he claimed would be underwater by now. Al Gore punked you.
You forgot to ask him about his dad joining a klansman for the Democrat's filibuster of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Unfortunately in Mexico there is no politician like Bernie. Smart, honest and prepared. I admire him so much.
Did Bernie educate people on BANK FRAUD
Manbearpig
Al gore the scam artist
And make a great living doing it.
Right he was going to make a fortune owning a majority of the carbon credit trading Market didn't work out for him though
At least he gets good massages
Impotent for sure
Re-watch "Inconvenient Truth". And you are STILL believing what Al has to say???
Our saviors, Bernie and Al. And the people that follow these clowns would pooh pooh religion.
You're just a troll
Bernie....try checking Al Gore's interest in environmental companies and how much money he's made from this effort over the years.
We need to eliminate the oil and create driverless electric cars because the oil is destroying the atmosphere.
I bet that was a funny listen.. to crazies
https://www.facebook.com/senatorsanders/videos/vl.1472637132783814/10156155074187908/?type=1 …
Can't wait to see Mr. Gore's new documentary!
God has not fell off his throne, this is silly...
Liar liar pants on fire!
These to ingenuous snake oil salesmen together. No more global warming. He'll just froze over.
Al Gore is such a hypocritical fraud!  I am disgusted to see Bernie buttering up that slime ball who profits from fear mongering melodrama.
Need Waste-to-Energy plants to replace coal sites in Appalachia, to provide clean energy jobs for miners and to reduce our landfill. Please!
and Al gives thanks to all the people that bought into the scam
Godless Liberals are fearful of everything but a lie !
No such thing as climate change

Liberals=Fearmongering & Lies! That's their agenda. But, Americans are now aware of the left wing propaganda that spews from liberals lips!
You are joking right? Al Gore, a political hack "educating people around the world" ..?don't embarrass yourself. I'm sure real scientists 
In South Australia the lights are about to go out because of a reliance of wind and solar power! And costs are much much higher!!
MORE SUBSIDIES AND A TEN YEARS TAX BREAK FOR INVESTMENT IN RENEWABLES THAT'S WHAT WE NEED!
Right here in Vermont with Bernie's handout ideas we have more welfare bums than anywhere and more coming, thanks @BernieSanders
That is why we are #1
Our Heroes! Super love all that you do for planet Earth! 
He is not doing it for free, learned from the Clintons:

When we choose to be annoyed or thankful, we are choosing whom to serve. Who do you serve? http://stephenangliss.org/2017/07/21/a-list-of-thankful-annoyances/ … 
You're both absolutely as crazy insane as it gets! Delusional
And then flys away on a private jet to one of his monster homes. When he lives in 1800 sf and flys public, then worry about climate chg.
Because his first movie was so accurate he only had to retract a few parts
He really is doing a great job at advocating now. And being a very human person I imagine sometimes he says to himself I told you so?
he gets there in his private jet?
Stop. You can't have our money.
People are in denial.climate change is real and u cannot pollute the air and expect for a pleasant outcome.#planetary crisis
I think more people would care if all of you would stop just trying to make money off of it and start actually caring about it too #Al Gore

One more reason to discount Bernie Sanders.  Besides the bank fraud and two homes.
You can do whatever you want Bernie until China cleans their pollution it won't prove a damn think
Disappear..please.
Your three homes are a big #CarbonFootPrint Mr. #BernieSanders so just shut up already #ClimateHoax #FollowTheMoney #GlobalWarming
He's made millions from pushing this false hoax.
Bernie, you and your communist wife are going to prison.

I experienced climate change yesterday.  It rained and then the sun came out. Am I going to die now?
And you Al Gore will make billions with your carbon tax.
Haha yeah he won't admit that lol
Bernie it's time to go home pick one of your  3. Climate change is a hoax and so are you.
When Gore speaks about this to people & then leaves on his big private polluting jet!





Gore has made a bundle off his "sky is falling" rhetoric & laughs all the way 2 the bank @ those that believe every word!
Any climate change discussion w/o chemtrail geoengineering is TOTAL BS!
Ol' Al, he's so worried about climate change as he flies all over the place in his private jet. What kind of carbon footprint does that make

Ya we all should be dead now if you believed him when he VP. But he so much richer now.....
How much fossil fuel did he burn to talk to you @SenSanders ? You are both #ivorytowerelitistcowards and you promote violence and hate.
therefore, when elections/nominations are stolen it stops the essential Pendulum of Democracy, which leads to Tyranny over we the people
Big money, just ask the street car industry, created suburban communities, could not with stand big money ie standard oil=Car, CO2 focused
