Gee thanks my premiums are 1300 bucks a month deductible over 10 grand. Nice work Bernie
You do realize that's probably because your state opted out of the medicaid expansion in obama care
meaning that they get less funding. So don't blame the aca blame your state :(
Oh no never blame Obama. The bill is a farce hurting working people
Actually, what Brandon said is correct. If the state opted to not get the Medicade expansion, they get less funding them blame ACA.
I understand the process.
Okay, then why don't you realize that it is Republicans who are raising your bill and not Obama? Single payer would be cheaper, btw.
No it wouldn't. Before Obama care my premiums were 500 they are 1300 now. Medicare is broke.
If you like the idea of government run healthcare just ask anyone who has been in the service, it certainly isn't preferable but we have now
You understand that you can take a concept and improve on it? Nothing works perfectly out of the box. Same thing with government
We have had the military for over 200 years, hardly just out of the box
So we've been spending a lot of money on the military and many wars but we can't ensure our citizens have healthcare?
Without the military we wouldn't have a country or citizens
Without healthy citizens we wouldn't have a military.....
Yeah, except we did have a military BEFORE health insurance
Yet both are hand in hand. It doesn't matter which came first, we live in the present, not the past. Healthcare for all is the future.
What healthcare plan does @SenSanders have?
he just pushed a Single Payer bill just the other day. Google it
For congress and senate?
The Senate is apart of Congress.
Good for them can you answer the question?
You want me to answer the question but don't know the Senate is apart of Congress. I answered your questions. I showed you his plan. Read.
It seems insulting my intelligence comes easy you but answering my question is difficult?
Telling you to research and read on something you don't know isn't insulting. It's how people learn. I want you to learn. That's it.
Bipartisan is OK.  Universal hc is NOT for tonight's debate (altho I like it). FIGHT the bill on the table only, please!!!
who will pay for massive spending welfare program-obamacare? its a failed experiment in socialism.
Well said. Bernie is telling people what they want to hear to help propel his re-election. He doesn't give a dam about his followers at all
Sanders has worked for the people for 30+ years. I advise you check his track record b4 you talk nonsense.
Get it right. He's been employed for 30 hasnt work a minute yet
So true, I've been employed 30+yes. Diff is he became filthy rich, I will die working. I'm sure everything with Bernie is above the board
Keep voting against ur best interest and u'll die working,lining the pockets of the rich,who don't care about u.Bernie ain't the problem!
Trump has my best interest. Bernie never has nor ovomit. Those 2 morons pockets where lined more then either deserves
Your right Mike, & ovomit is making doing speeches with we are still paying for his sorry ass.
I have a daughter on SSI with a genetic disorder autism ADHD. Stripping into Medicaid it leave her with no options. Even the school use it
For the people!!!
Bernie why don't you go on Obamacare instead of my taxes paying for your "free" government health insurance?
Because Obamacare is half assed system , he wants a good one for everyone
agree on Obamacare but Bernie is a socialist and his plan is going to cost us a lot more and support those scamming the system now.
I love this man so much if I found the secret to immortality and it was enough for one person I'd give it to him
Beat back? Harsh words that are meant to inspire more of your sore loser ballfield shooters.
#takeaknee whenever possible!
The fact that you NEVER respond to the little people like me speaks volumes, you feel we're beneath your true garbage buddy
Bernie until you are on obama care like we have been forced to be on shut your mouth loser. Please for the love of God, go away
Hey Bernie healthcare Obamacare is too expensive do you think some of the money taken from fraud can be put back into healthcare
TO THE DEMOCRAT PARTY.  WHERE IN THE HECK, ARE YOU!. WHY IS BERNIE  S. AND ELIZABETH W. DOING YOUR JOB. GET ON BOARD OR GET OUT.
I want to commit just looking at people like you who think you know what's best for hard working Americans of all races
It was supposed to say I want to vomit,not comment.i have the stupidest smart phone
This is the man who should've been this countries President.
Not in a million years. Ovomit was useless bernie puts him to shame
It's terrible what this country is going through and that our president is fucking up big time right in ass
Again, are you partaking in our forced"healthcare"? Bernie?
@allenvollbrecht You did nothing,sit down old man.
Don't worry about the 20+ mill that don't have it now though. Or can't afford O care.
We can, and we will. 

Then we make our push for #MedicareForAll
You can pay the ridiculous taxes for this but I'm not
Lies-Lies-Lies! Allowing 23+ million to opt out of the Demo-rats Socialist healthcare IS NOT Throwing people of healthcare!
PREACH IT @SenSanders!!! YES!!! We've got to beat this Graham-Cassidy Bill. Our health is at stake!
Trump will never be impeached! If so Trump is president. Silly
What's silly is you care more about my photo than our health care, which was the topic. #ByeFelicia
In contrast the billionaire class has no problem paying 700 Billion for War. That 700 Billion is paid for in full by the American people
I don't want my tax money going for war or bombs!
But that is exactly where your govt want to spend it. Who cares if you get sick or die.

That is dumbest logic I have ever heard.God help us
I just want decent healthcare like everyone else. I Have a pre-existing condition and may lose my insurance if they get their way, scary!
Stay focused, Bernie! Don't let DJT distract by smoke-screening by cursing those exercising their right to free speech!
I wish more democrats would say both, rather than defend one policy without moving forward with Medicare for all.
While you threw the middle class under the bus to pay for the ACA which never lived up to the hype. Repeal is akin to applying lemon law.
I love ya Bernie but "dems"" did not beat anything back ... dem can't get out of a wet paper bag with a chainsaw.
Keep fighting Bernie! Please save Obamacare!
#KochBrothers pledging $400million to @GOP for win....#DNC doesn't want #MedicareForAll...#California....???? @janeosanders
Single payer or continue with Obamacare!
Socialist has never made people's lives better. From Russia to Venezuela, people lost their freedom, and never recovered from the horror.
No truer words spoken, yet people are still following this senile old fool. Isn't his wife being investigated for fraud still? Hmm..
You mean costing Americans thousands a year for not wanting to be forced to buy health care. #notaright.
do you have the data behind this statistic?
YOU HAVE NOT ANSWERING MY QUESTIONS BECAUSE YOU KNOW I AM RIGHT
timmy hes not answering you because hes a us senator honey, go chill out
and as a SENATOR IT IS HIS JOB TO LISTEN TO AND ANSWER QUESTIONS WHICH HE IS NOT.  HE NEEDS TO START ANSWERING QUESTIONS
Maybe you should just call his office then, Timmy.
And why are you calling me Timmy.   You should address people by how they are introduced
My bad, but you sound like a little kid whining that a US senator won't reply to your tweet. Call his office, like an adult if you're one!
Wow typical LEFT WING NUT JOB.   they whine when they don't get their way.  And tell you to shut up if you disagree
Liar, it would help those of us that r paying penalty to get health care back after Obummer care failed me and millions
It would allow people with cancer to be denied healthcare.
That's a lie. My sister has cancer and had to get obummercare and went bankrupt cause deductible was so high she ran out of fu..ing money
Premiums for Cancer would be over 30k
We, the people of sound mind, will make sure that you @TheDemocrats who destroys America will vote you out. 8 years destroyed US values.
Let me remind you Republicans have the majority. Both houses and Trump. Talk about not getting over something 
In 2018, People will vote, and we will need vote to put into office better conservatives not Republicans like McCain and Jeff flake.
So your not a moderates fan. I'm not a fan of Republicans of any kind.
I am a fan of those conservatives who put American well being first. I don't like Republican establishment. Too many baggages. Start fresh.
Socialist Bernie go help your counterpart in   Venezuela.  Obamacare is a disgrace. We don't want government run healthcare.
Bernie The Red. Statist. Communist. Fraud.
Most #Republicans don't work for the American People, they work for Corporations.
GOP was on the back-foot due to the clever tactics/strategy of Schumer/Pelosi. You traitor scum gave GOP life by announcing Single Payer.
#healthcare I am glad and confused  Glad Bernie is representing confused on how to settle  healthcare without overhauling the health Cost
That's what I #love about you @SenSanders . U #step up to the #plate as it's #needed..
GOP was on the back-foot due to the clever tactics/strategy of Schumer/Pelosi. You traitor scum gave GOP life by announcing Single Payer.
Not YOU. You and your cult do only harm. Dem Senators and McCain/Jimmy Kimmel/Lisa M/Susan Collins defeated GOP repeal bill.
Sad day for Americans the loss will hurt everyone
If h/c is a "right," wouldn't that make food, water, clothes, & shelter "rights" too? Those are more pressing daily biol needs than h/c.
If health care is a right, as in Canada & UK, why is it rationed? Why are there LONG wait times? There wouldn't be if it's a true right.
Wow.
Indeed! How could they do such cruel to their own fellow citizens?!
Right On!
You speak the truth
The health care system in the US is painfully inefficient, expensive and irritating.
States' rights may save healthcare if you fail
Bernie Sanders is Antifa #Resist
If Sanders debates Graham and Cassidy on Monday he will be handing Americans Graham/Cassidy healthcare just like he helped hand us Trump.
I support @SenSanders
You beat back nothing. Democrats under Pelosi beat back Repugnants.
Wish he'd fight the dems like this
Bernie didn't beat squat.  You're part of the problem.
All we need is one more "no" vote, and it's dead. Again. Republicans are just too dumb to quit. #GrahamCassidy
So here's an opportunity, for you, to stop Dem bashing. Join the Democratic Party while you're still able.
These scare tactics are the reason liberals lost, they don’t care about you, they want you to live in fear so they can control
Can we discuss ACA for now!
And get you to run in 2020
I have a child with autism. This healthcare bill is scary as fuck! My son needs healthcare in order to move forward, and have a good life!
YOU GO BERNIE!!!!! WE LOVE YOU!!!
millions are forced to buy healthcare. That's not like throwing a lazy fraud off welfare.
Says the Monty Python black knight! https://youtu.be/dhRUe-gz690 
.  Your parties broke. Going to sell a few houses?
Not this time u crook
Get lost!? You are doing nothing for O'care. Selfish, can't sell O'care, CAN'T sell Single Payer. Fraud!!!!

Bernie, millions thrown off health insurance, REALLY?  Could it be these r the folks that choose not to be forced to have health care?
No Bernie, you didn't support Obamacare. You signed at the eleventh hour. You beat off no one.
Yes, but it's beat back, Nora, beat back.
Look UP.
I don't want people ill and suffering !
Start speaking to God for a relationship and to heal you . He is our healer . Ask!
Don't forget to mention the stock market Bernie.
Shut up Bernie
No you aren't Bernie, you and your supporters keep forgetting this is a GOP political system, they own it, they make the rules, you obey.

Yes and you do not have to worry about insurance do you Bernie and will have it when you retire paid by the American people so sad
But last time, the Republicans weren't scared into unifying because of the specter of "Socialized Medicine". Hideous timing on your part
Go Bernie!
God bless you, Bernie!!!
NOT if you hold this debate before the Graham-Cassidy vote. You are feeding their solidarity. DON'T do this!
You didn't beat anybody back, Bernie. Republicans were not yet ready to pass a law to replace something that Democrats hastely passed.
Bernie, are senile? The only people getting thrown off health care are the middle class people who we're forced to buy obamacare.
I'd sooner see all life on Earth come to an end than see The Utopia of your socialist faux-reality enslave my people to starvation & state.
It's all about Bernie. Shut up and sit down. Now is not the time to spew your own view on health care. You're handing the Rs a win.
Good idea. Poor timing.
FREE EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please just shut up! You obviously have an agenda that doesn't include saving Medicaid, which is the current goal!
You need to be more proactive instead of reactive. What happened to the man that had all these plans & legislation that ran against HRC
Not forcing me to pay for it, is not the same as "throwing them off"
Just shut your socialism isn't affordable. You and #HRC ruined party.
Give 'me hell Bernie!!
Why don't you support fixing Obamacare for now and then work on your plan?  It will never pass now!  Keep stabbing Dems in the back. FU Bern
Oh please your efforts were minimal. You have enabled the Trump win.
Thank you Bernie.
Is it all about"beating them?" For you
YOU and the democrats did nothing. It was republicans who hunkered down and did what they had to so they could do what they wanted to later.
Get in touch with your senators.
I'm #Blessed American w/ #Americans have #TRUTH #World #USA #America #Government #Leadership @SenSanders We #Americans beat back Republicans
Yes
Don't take Lindsay's bait. Don't debate just wait a week and keep talking about how awful his bill is. Don't give him ammo
The americans are still living as in a banana republic - just like the least developed countries in the world.
Ugh Bernie. Go away
Not if you keep sabotaging it..
Bernie do you know who won the election beat back what go to Europe where you belong
No Debate until Cassidy-Graham is dead. Stop screwing the Dems.
Yes #HealthcareIsAHumanRight #HealthCareForAll @SenJohnMcCain @DeanHeller @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenCapito #SinglePayer #healthcare
NO #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
As a american, we need health insurance for the safe of our health of needs so I wouldn't know how us people could carry on without this.
Better chance to defeat this bill by letting the GOP cont. to dig their own grave than crow-bar it up with this upcoming debate .. Bad Idea
Yes but not by pushing single payer. Think before you act. Reschedulel the debate.
Your debate hands the republicans what they want. IT WILL BE YOUR FAULT. YES YOUR FAULT. NO ONE ELSE'S FAULT AND WE'LL REMEMBER.
You are fucking Dems again. Why couldn't you wait till we beat back Graham/Cassidy? Selfish selfish selfish
Thank you Bernie for your integrity, compassion and support
Cancel the debate. It's counterproductive
Bernie knock it off,you re hurting more people right now than helping
I want my pre obamacare insurance back.  Glad you can afford the 10k deductibles.
I cannot. That's why I'm for #MedicareForAll Let the wealthy be taxed and let them subsidize the middle class for once instead of vice versa
Wow Bernie panders wants more free stuff...
