WHO will pay for the "FREE" education & healthcare??  What happened 2 WORKING & PAYING YOUR OWN WAY?  Just what US needs...MORE freeloaders.
We have a freeloader president. Look at all the taxpayer money he has wasted. It should make every taxpayer revolt.
Taxpayer money wasted due to Mueller investigation.  Trump is not taking a salary.  Get your news from a reputable source.
Have u even looked at this tax bill? Trump family will save millions in inheritance tax alone and that is not "fake news"
“Elections have consequences”.
Sound familiar? We all pay too much- thus, conservative tax reform. Duh?!
Elections do have consequences, just looking at the crappy government we have now proves it all too well.
Crappy? Maybe. But it is a HUGE upgrade over the corrupt criminals of the past administration. Of course, I’m sure your blinders are secure.
We are strangers so dont try to make assumptions about my character. Concern for US is valid b/c Trump’s weird, immature & phony. Enuf said.
Bernie is the only honest politician alive..oh and John McCain(who has some serious health issues : he has no reason to lie)
Thats old news. She was right to protest Vietnam war. We shouldnt have been involved.
With your 34 followers!
And I am grateful for 34 followers too! I didnt sign up to be followed, anushead.
Spread the word

This us what a great society can and should provide. It is a benefit to all in the long run. Stop being selfish.
Stop trying to steal my money and property to re-distribute.
As opposed to raising taxes as YOU STATED YOU WOULD. Retire old man. You don’t understand what Americans want.

Your ideas on taxes, budgets and spending are so funny that I almost tripped while laughing my way to the end of the bread line.
Its funny that people always say when spending 4 citizens is unreasonable, but spending on corporations and the military, there is no prob
In fairness, I don't believe government should be spending nearly as much as they do on any of the above.
The only true way to a fair tax system is to get money out politics, term limits, and let people who aren't rich run for office
I'm 110% for term limits, on this we do agree! But gov't shouldn't tell anyone how to spend his or her money, on politicians or otherwise.
Yes but also there should be a fair donor system just think about it, if a rich person donates a million bucks to a candidate he will want
Then that is that actor's prerogative to do so. When gov't sets arbitrary rules, it is effectively choosing winners and losers.
Keep it up
1/ As .@RevDrBarber says, a budget is a moral document.  And .@JoeBiden says one’s budget shows his values.  Clearly, the R budget shows
2/ once again they value taking care of the ELITE and corporations and don’t give a shit about working people.
3/ Their budget is a moral abomination!
I guess you haven’t read it. It will lower my taxes and I’m in the lower middle class
Mine too and I can say under Bam I sure lost a lot of ground and my taxes skyrocketed. Not to mention what Bam care did to my Insurance.
Aaaaaannddd, it passed...movin' on
You lost
please run for president in 2020...please...
He is as an independent .  Going to kill the dems
no ithink it will be a wake up call if B should win besides there 40% plus independents out there...i am tired of the same old aren't you...
Not an avowed socialist/ communist.   Bernie represents the same old same old from the left.  He is nothign new.
The rich employee the workers / learn basic economics / top 2% should also get tax cut
Must be less red ink. Is that what is?
Yet another GOP attempt at social re-engineering by pulling a “Reverse Robin Hood”—-stealing from the 99% to give more breaks to the 1%.
That is absolutely retarded if that's what you believe. You must not know any rich folks. They don't pay taxes. They use loopholes. #FlatTax
FAIL the top 1% pays almost half the taxes.
Hey Bernie, kind of like your run for President. Go away Bernie. How is your private jet use doing? Have you given any rides to all those people who believed in your socialist crap?
Who betrayed America?  Wasn’t it the military-industrial establishment, the anti-commie racket, who pushed us into that stupid war?
Bernie wants 90% taxes and everything will be free from the government.
Never had a math class!
Eh def not %90 BUT you don't need a math class to see Sanders propositions would vastly increase taxes on everybody
Jesus people hear "higher taxes" and run to the hills without learning the whole story.
No they look at their pay stubs and wonder.
Bernie would save you money, Trump is going to rob you to give the Waltons 53 billion dollars, ka Ching!
Not sure how lowering my taxes is going to rob me.
Nothing changes
Hey, I thought you were in Puerto Rico flying choppers & building power plants. 19,000 responders need your help to deliver food & water
Much like socialized medicine isn’t a bad idea. It’s a horrible idea. #careerpolitician #timetotetire #nointegrity
Didn’t you get hobknockered enough by @SenTedCruz last night ?
Socialism is horrific,  just look at Venezuela. P.S. How is the fraud case against your wife coming?
You hate socialism so bad, then tell the multi conglomerate billionaire corporations youre tired of paying their corporate welfare.
The fuck they do. Stop watching faux news, kid
You did this... I am sure ur base will love it
i am unapologetically his base :)

and bernie didnt turn rich conservatives into money hungry vultures, who buy politicians..they did.
How would an economic illiterate like you have the slightest clue if it’s good or bad?
You  are so out of touch with what America stands for / work = pay not redistribution of wealth
We don't want government in everything socialism does not work
Nobody cares what your interns think.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend you helped elect trump

How many will die Bernie? You left that out. 
#GetARealJob
Great bill!  Just past
horrific bill is what you get each month to heat that lake house that the DNC gifted to you
I think I’ll trust the people that don’t think taxing people at 52% would hurt economy.
*wouldn’t
Funny how with your very high approval rating, the remaining people that disapprove congregate in your twitter feed.
You're not a bad person. You're a horrific person.
If it's horrific to you, hardworking Americans will love it. Time for taxpayers keep more of their money not Congress!
Now DA college kids who can't add or subtract &super elderly who think you're they're hero, will mime back that GOP BUDGET bill's horrific
You are seriously ill.
Vs your budget bill?
There's no better source of MAGA horseshit than the comment section of a Bernie Sanders post. They're terrified. Block party!
Terrified?  LMFAO we keep winning every special election AND The Russia lie is blowing up in Dems faces.  Yea we know who is terrified.
A bankrupt has taken over the WhiteHouse! @realDonaldTrump is responsible for first drop in jobs since financial crisis.
LMFAO Unemployment is down,. SNAP numbers are down.  FAIL.
Hahaha says the socialist please Bernie, tell me where socialism has worked again.
Finland , sweden, Denmark , the U.K. , Germany , France , Iceland , Australia , New Zealand , Japan ............
I asked where it worked... Not where it has been implemented.
Free tuition in colleges, some even pay you to go to college , better education systems with less spending
Uncle Bernie for president 2020
Would you rather have Hillary Clinton in office
Republicans taking from the middle class and poor to give to the rich.
You so badly need to go to your socialist utopia. Venezuela
Sen Sanders, never - look it up - never ! had job that wasn't paid by taxpayers
Says the man who owns 2 Multi Million dollar homes !
Bernie complaining that there's tax breaks for working class families. You're not a bad senator Bernie, you're a horrific senator.
You think the working class is getting the break? Hahahahahahahahahahaha! 
No. Just the top %. You will pay for yours w/losses elsewhere.
Go read a book on economics...you clearly don't understand how this works.
Executive orders are done. I propose we work to remove Trump from office.
On the grounds that you don't like the president Americans selected?  Shut up
Dumb people.
Or who their dad is
Yea yea and your going to tax the 1% something your part of. Lets be honest you are the very person you claim to be fighting!
I know as a socialist, you don’t like when we regular folk get to keep more of what we earn.
And yet it passed. Think the American people aren't happy about it? #OutOfTouchMoron
Most of their decsion makings r HORRIFIC!!
Are* they?
Oh my lord this was too perfect
It’s Difficult to wake up and see the mess your making over there,well well some day to gonna be wise....
It's so gallant of you, wanting to send other people's money.
How was your honeymoon in the Soviet Union?
being it passed im dead soon...medicare gone, its all over....
You spelled terrific Wrong
How on earth would a socialist know. By definition, socialism is anti constitution. Hello Bernie.
A progressive tax system is the answer. It was the answer in 1912 when 1% owned 90% of the economy, just like now. Flatter taxes help the 1%
Then why are you passing it? Stop it please!
Make em feel the BERN!!!!
That's what the bank said about the loan after they discovered fraud!
this will double my Fed exemption, eliminate my State exemption, then add the amount of my employer pd health ins. onto my gross wages? sad!
Keep fighting for what is Bernie
Of course it is. Wouldn’t expect you to say anything else
Please retire with your wealth. You are done. Well done.
Aren’t you that guy who didn’t make it to the election ?
He is the guy whose "opponent" furthered myths created by corporationist media to discredit him
Horrific=everything you propose. Socialism leads to ruin.
It's criminal! Thieves. The Oligarchy must go. #kochagenda 
the GOP itself is horrific. the fact they continue to exist is a testimony to the endemic low-grade sociopathy that now defines US psyche
The liberals are going down....to the bottom of the pit...jail time coming!!
Of course, you think so.
Bernie...please study socialism...it doesn't work..especially in an entitled country like the USA.  We all suffer from entitlement illness.
Deep cuts in Medicare.
Puddin cup
@HuffPost @politico More, tired, talking points.
drag them
We are not a socialist country, you run that mouth in the wrong country.
Go away!!
How dare he cut taxes on the middle class. You care more about your vendetta against the successful than you do the middle class and poor.
Let's go for a 100 percent tax on the rich but the Republicans are bought.
hahaha..
But did you ever look at it?
No he didn’t, lol. I mean why bother. The tweet would be the same regardless. #bernieneedstoretire
Beereeerrereeerrrrrrrrrrrrrnnnnnniiiiiiiieeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!
At first I was like. But then I was like.
Ted called He wants to humiliate you in a debate you home.
Good if you are a Koch brother
Considering the huge debt, US needs budget surplus when economy is running well with good employment.
Bernie Sanders isn't a bad person. He's a HORRIFIC PERSON.
I’m sure there are more colorful adjectives! Cataclysmic! Calamitismic! The Star Wars Prequels!
Only because you won’t be able to steal people’s money.

I bet if they had something free in it you’d like it. Something like a prize in a cereal box. I bet you liked those as a kid Bernie
Especially because his parents bought the cereal in the first place! (IE He got the cereal for free too.)

What a Bah-Gahn for Boy-Knee!
Damn right !! He’s never worked for anything. Always been a taker and not a giver
Oh, he's a giver all right.  He's great at giving people things...purchased with other people's money, of course.
Yes, but senator M. says it is good for Alaska.
Rhetoric. Give specifics and try to work together.
"'Republicans’ budget is not a bad bill.' -Senator Bernie Sanders" /s
Crazy Bernie
Get on board the Democratic Party.
What's horrific is your lack of understanding of economics. You're a pathetic elitist that doesn't practice what you preach.
We know you won't be happy until Dems turn America into a socialist country.  So, stop talking because no one is listening.
Well Bernie yall had 8 yrs to come up with something and you didn't. So now it's left up to the POTUS to fix yall screw up. Please get real
are you campaigning for your new party...
Bernie, you are berift of any sense of judgement or history. Totally wrong minded. Socialism is a proven failed experiment that you are unwilling or unable to comprehend.
I wish democrats would have an inteligent debate argument.All they know how to do is name call
Hes not a democrat
Well they hate people sooooooooo....
Thank goodness it won't need your support to pass.
Too bad you stepped aside for Hillary, otherwise you could've done something about that bill. Coward.
One of the Clintons is an Horrific 'Bill'
Whoa-ho! Get it? Bill Clinton
Work 4 Selective Service How little u  ppl know Conscientious  Objector=worst! School or fam make something 4 R Country u were deferred
whoa, this tweet was a the wild ride
Hey Bernie Sanders opinions are like assholes everyone's got one they all stink
Just like your career!
This is because there is not enough in the budget for pudding cups.
You are a more horrify person in US recent history
You have been lectured your intelligence out by @tedcruz
Sheesh. The trolls are out in full force tonight, huh? How much the Koch brothers paying them, I wonder...
Only thing I ever see you do is complain on here,why not do something positive today and go hug a cactus!
Republicans are not interested in a prosperous and healthy middle class.
Bill Clinton left a budget surplus. Bush a huge deficit & recession. Obama left growing economy & low unemployment. Trump? A huge disaster!!
Why? Aren't you getting enough free stuff?
What drama queen you are..selling out to HRC..
Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud only word you understand!
Nice respect you're showing for the flag.
Why? Because it only covers what the US Goverment is supposed to be responsible for?
OK...Thanks...Sort of knew that...But if it makes you feel good...OK
The rich only want more in order to deprive the rest of us.  More, makes NO difference to their lifestyle.
You are horrific
Says Mr. "It's not Socialism, it's Democratic Socialism".  That's like "It's not gang rape, it's Democratic Rape."
bernie when you start living as a socialist and not a 1% capitalist, maybe more will listen, you have, what, 3 homes and how many cars..? 
I can’t imagine what our country would be like if you became president !! Venezuela?Where would u get money from to give things for free? U
Massive amounts of our money (trillions) was sucked up by the 1% over many decades, we are going to take a lot of it back.
@OurRevolution
How ?  You guys can't win dog catcher?

Smaller gov is not horrific, it’s necessary! I should decide how to spend the money I earn, not the gov... Try it, it’s liberating!
Sanders, you're not a bad person. You're a horrific person. Gfy
How bout one Democrat to do what is right for this country?
They must have modeled it after their health care plan.
It's irresponsible to be giving tax breaks to the 1% when our national debt is so high. If I ran my household like that I would be bankrupt.

Says the guy who doesn't understand Robin Hood or what socialism is....
Please save my generation and help us get free, or at least affordable healthcare. 
Why?
. So how was that honeymoon in the Soviet Union?
this will mark the death of America as we thought we knew it...and so the revolution begins...
Bernie. You're a has been. Great ideas in the past with no hope of succeeding. Just watch. The plan will work. Goodnight son....

Yes...the Bill Clinton is horrific
you spend so much time on Twitter do you do any work in the Senate
Looks like Senate just passed a budget resolution...
Says our wackadoodle socialist who wouldn’t know a “budget” from a “free for all”
Bernie who wants all Americans living off government sounds kinda like socialism
If you pay taxes, you will get a tax cut.  So, it is good for me. Not so good for your freeloaders.
Drama Queen are we?
You are getting tiresome Bernster
Talk that shit Bernabus
This from a guy who wants to over tax the people to fill the government's pocket full while we all suffer! We don't want socialism in USA!
You're great Bernie
Like you know anything about budgets bernie
What's the next step to stop it?
I'm sure to a Socialist, it is bad but for us SANE ppl, it's a great thing!  Too bad Bernie. You lost !
Why cuz 57% of earnings don't go to the government ? Go to Norway  you hack

As usual..
And your not a bad Senator! Your horrible one!!!

Horrific? Like socialism? Like communism?
1/ From this point forward, .@SenateDems & .@HouseDemocrats, and every other D, should only use the words “fiscal conservative” in a
2/ pejorative sense, defining a “fiscal conservative” as one who blows up the deficit by cutting taxes for elites and corporations.
3/ Never again say something like, “If Senator Graham was a real fiscal conservative, he wouldn’t vote for this tax cut bill.”  This assumes
4/ a “fiscal conservative” is a good thing, which it isn’t.  Thus, fiscal conservatives must be defined in the negative light they deserve!
please stop this bill. It's all I have for medical exp
Thank you
Anything bernie boy is against,probably great. MAGA.
So, you hate it? Good enough for me. I support it.
Coming from the guy who's wife bankrupt a college OK Bernie we'll listen to you right aren't you still under investigation??

