50% of all wage earners make less than $30,000 a year
I am a skilled trade and earn ~$35K and do not qualify for federal school aid because I earn too much money. What good is $15/hr?
Work more hours, 2nd job. Millions of Americans do it. Get a better job. Get rid of cable. Support urself, not habe ur handout. #lazy
And if you're disabled?
Get on disability. I'm referring to people fully capable of working, who are indoctrinated into thinking the world owes them something.
The world does owe every full time worker something. A decent living for contributing to our society.
So filling coffee cups at Starbucks 40hrs week means ur contributing to society therefore owed a decent living, house paid for etc?
That's the quality of half the jobs in the country  yes, we all deserve to be able to provide for ourselves
If minimum wages go up those young people you mentioned earlier today who can't find jobs will never find jobs. #FightFor15
You obviously have no idea how business works, just bc a business sells at a 30% profit margin does not mean that business puts 30% in bank.
To put another way, as someone who makes hiring decisions, if I have to start @ $15ph, my list of qualified candidates gets really short..
Yea, I saw a great tech innovation at a CA burger place, a robot that cooks perfect patties every time!

Quit flipping burgers and work for a living welders, plummets, electricians, and framers  all make 25 a hour or more and are needed
All require education. Can afford that flipping burgers
"Let the MARKET set the Wage, NOT the Govt" ! It will balance itself out. SOCIALISM Does Not and Will NEVER Work! FREE ENTERPRISE WORKS!
Partner, You sound like you have a "Socialist" Problem. You Want Something for Nothing! It doesn't work like that, Sorry Jen and Bernie.
umm, actually we want the government to pay for stuff that helps the people instead of senseless wars (Iraq etc)
let's face it: your government doesn't need to give 60% of your taxes to the military
That's why we r the most powerful nation. Military brings millions of jobs too.
US military is not a joke, it's "biggest threat to piece" according to many surveys
It is sad that you are a Senator! You have never created one job outside of Government, yet you are an expert at economics... 
With his $$ & what baby Jane palmed he can claim to be anything we just don't believe it. What's funny is how he got over getting so screwed
Hey Bernie, you should look at some evidence before pushing for min wage hikes https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/06/26/new-study-casts-doubt-on-whether-a-15-minimum-wage-really-helps-workers/?utm_term=.3ec4edcfa2f4 …
Causes inflation that consumers pay.
min wage jobs aren’t designed to raise a family of 8, they’re for school kids to earn gas and fun money
How about letting the workers KEEP their wages, instead of taxing them into poverty so you and your cohorts in Congress can waste it all?
You really need to take an economics class.
GOP declares these wages absurd reflecting their ignorance regarding today's basic cost of living&shows their loose associat'n w reality!
My first job I was making 6.75$ an hour, then I moved up to 10.50$, realized my family needed more, got better job and now make 6 figs.
Raising the minimum wage kills jobs; it's why teenage unemployment is highest its ever been before
Think about it, you raise wages, people make more, spend more and will allow employers to hire more people.
I.thought dems said "trickle down" economies don't work?
Trickle down refers to the rich pumping money back into the economy by their own volition.
Raising min wage is your socialist way of keeping people down, less incentive to learn, grow and try for something better #hypocrite
CEOs don't care. #ProfitsOverPeople
"Should" - sure. But what should happen doesn't happen, or there would be no problems in the world. You can't legislate value.
There's a reason why the vast majority of workers make more than minimum wage. It's because their labor's value justifies it.
Stop it with all that basic economics stuff!  Leftists are immune.
#OutsideTheBox this situation makes our nation one of the least cultured. No money to eat, no money to travel. #StayinStupid
And in perpetual debt2cover basic costs of living, ensuring an endless source of cheap, obedient labor!
Took me a long time to get 15. My father even longer. Why should my kid START at 15? Not fair.
'inflation'. that's why. the 15 bucks back then of your father were way more valuable than the 15 bucks of your (future) son.
with enough money to buy 20 ice creams when my parents were young, I now get ⅔ ice cream.
Milton Friedman says it best, "the min wage laws are the most anti-negro laws on the books".
It is back....
I was talking to a woman working as grocery cashier who had two jobs and was sick. She said that she could not afford to go to Dr or meds.
Why not make minimum wage $20/hr? $18/hr? $30/hr?
Because the higher the min. wage is, the higher the unemployment is. Simple economics.
We also need to tie minimum wage to inflation so we don't have to keep fighting for this year after year.
The minimum wage should be tied to inflation as well as cost of living.
The people who voted for Trump are the ones who need this the most
I have a feeling we're about to hit a turning point
(Yawns)..Its July 27th, where's the big announcement?
Why doesn't Vermont have free College. Education is essential in a better life. But having to be in debt before you even have a job?
Minimum wage was for teens part time jobs.  Not to support a family!
Yeah, let's increase unemployment, destroy small businesses, and increase the cost of basic necessities. Brilliant! #economics
8 years. POS is blaming Obama. GFY, Bernard.
Congrats, your $15hr min wage rhetoric just escalted tech into fast food! "Better Deal"? Say bye to low skilled jobs
We recognizes no classes. But under the political aspect we recognize only citizens with absolutely equal rights & equal obligations thereto
No one deserves a wage, you get paid what your worth that's it. You do not have the right to tell a employer what he should pay his employee
When u raise min wage the only 1 that benefits is the gov
THANK YOU. Someone needs to explain econ to Paul Ryan. He can come live in WV, immersion lesson.
Minimum wage displaces the least-skilled laborers out of the work force by forcing employers to pay more for labor. Net negative 4 every1
Nonsense. If you don't want to live in poverty don't make minimum wage
YEAH.THE WHOLE TIME THE DEMOCRATS & OBAMA WERE IN CONTROL. SO YOU ADMIT THE REPUBLICANS GAVE 
MINIMUM WAGE THE LAST INCREASE.
NOT DEMOCRATS
How so you pay for it? No one is paying $12 for combo meal at McDonald's. #SOPM hey you know me...NO. Spending Other People's Money
Every worker needs to do this!! It's time to tell Corporate America to go Fuck Themselves!!
if transported back to the '70's.
at $1.25 minimum we'd have a 60% bump
Look at Australia and others who plot wage vs age/location & education. That way a 40yr. who's changing jobsdoesn't start@ same wage  @ 16.
I'm a teacher and can still qualify for welfare ( I don't get any, but I could).  Mr Sanders what do you propose to do about that?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ca8Z__o52sk ….  Still relevant today.
Those opposed to the necessities of collective bargaining and wage increases should attain the capacity to stomach #Germinal by #EmileZola.
Why do you always use the caveat "who works 40 hours a week"? Why should anyone live in poverty? What about disabled, children, elderly?
hummm... wondering who was President for the last 8 years and where was the bitching then? #hypocrite
Yeah 15 bucks let's take that right out of your wallet. And your two houses. Since your the people's champion Bernie.
But they do live in poverty-choosing between food/medicine-most minimum wage workers have 2jobs& still can't make ends meet-that's the GOP

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_European_countries_by_minimum_wage …
Even that slight increase years ago was not good enough. The minimum wage has not been keeping up with the cost of living and inflation.
If the minimum wage goes to 15 an hour. I have to let 4 employees go. It's about the bottom line. This Obama Economy sucks.
It's an honor to be on your tweet Bernie Sanders. When we start that fight nobody believe that will happen .
Anybody working 40 hours a week living in poverty not living up to full potential. They need marketable skills to advance, not handouts.
Minimum wage would go up if the government would pay off the national debt. A strong dollar  raises its value thus increasing all wages!
What? The debt and wages are not linked in any way. 

A stronger dollar /= lower CPI, it means it strengthened against other currencies.
That increases external demand for $ and encourages foreign investment.

I have always found that when people gain experience and have good work history employers will reward with higher pay.
$15 min wage? Not! That means less workers hired and one worker wearing 3 hats. You add in operating expenses and the business would be BK.
Every job I've had I've made minimum wage until I worked hard to make top dollar at that job. That sir is the American way.
I have not had a raise for 14 years and cola is not a raise.
In my feed I'm comparing Bernie's simple, obvious wisdom that no one working full time should be poor, to the childish ravings of Trump. Sad
What if their work contributes no value to society?
This was another fail on Obama & #DNC & why Hillary Clinton is a Looser. #FightFor15
What isn't @BernieSanders telling you?  Congress has consistently voted themselves pay increases; living in luxury at taxpayer's expense.
Classic leftwing demagoguery. As though wages are divorced from how much a worker is actually worth.  Why stop at $15? Let's do $50.
A country will experience growing wages when the economy expands and GDP grows,not when govt rearranges outcomes,&redistributes resources.
That's what happens under socialism.See Venezuela.
The one thing I totally disagree with Bernie on. We need a raise but not to $15. It would cripple the economy
Because the US economy is just a window dressed stuff.. There is little space for manoeuvring . Tough times! People have to bear with it!
so all of sudden your now concern for the people, why didn't you call for this two yrs ago, three yrs ago or at any time before now
and your party's health care plan is?? don't say Obamacare, and for the thousand time what health care plan do you have? Obamacare?  not
Actually, @SenSanders, it's just "nobody should live in poverty" because nobody deserves that. Don't blame poverty on the poor.
The people arguing for $15 an hour don't realize that the costs of goods and services will cost more and soon $15 won't be enough either
I approve this message!
Sanders income hasn't gone down, 3 new homes and a collection of expensive sports cars. Expel Sanders from the Senate then arrest him
raise wages=job loss..small business can NOT support $15.00 per hr..full time will go to part - insurance= less pay no insurrance
more pay=higher cost for goods=less money to save etc..DON'T increase wages, CUT COST of things
AND when prices go up, ALL pay, including those on fixed incomes that DO NOT EVEN GET A DECENT COST OF LIVING INCREASE!
UBI! Min. Wage needs to increase while we develop what's next. This is not sustainable.
I guess your worry for young ppl and businesses only goes so far. Ever run a business Bernie might try it bf you pass laws

Data has proven in Seattle that this reduces overall economic activity and reduces jobs. Hurts those ur trying to help.
Education is the key to stepping towards the American dream. We need to ensure the grants & loans are there for every citizen to rise.
The only way we're going to be able to work 40 hours a week and not live in poverty is when there's piles of dead Republicans at our feet
Well maybe they need to get a better job. Young people want to walk in to my pay scale. I worked and toiled to get to my pay scale.
You don't even pay your interns $15 an hour. Practice what you preach, and stop stealing your neighbors paper.
WHY DID THE FED. MIN. WAGE NOT GO UP ONE OR TWO TIMES WHEN OBAMA WAS PRES.??????BERNIE.
Just because you work hard doesn't mean that work is worth much. I could spend all day digging holes in my yard. Doesn't mean I get $15/h.
No one is forced to take a job that doesn't pay them enough. Everyone has a right to say, "no, that's not enough. I need more or I quit."
I hope you run in 2020.  We could use some common sense.  Stay healthy.
Raising the minimum wage helps no one.  Focus on LOWERING the cost of essential things, like food, oil/gas/electricity.
Bern. let the top end get fat plump & tender, they'll be good eating when the shit 'really' hits the fan  
#SweetChilliSauce #Marinade 
Its important that we create better paying jobs not have minimum jobs that pay better.
Or 2 people both working jobs at Facebook but having to live in a garage with their 3 kids
The balance between rich and poor has been favored the rich for 40 yrs. by the Government. Is that what your'e trying to say?
Maybe you could vary your rhetoric a little before you start looking like the opposing party version of Trump? Got anything to say abt BSA?
Its because a politician i the USA can get away with talking about religion and the flag. People have to demand more
No Bernie, they should work 80hrs a week if needed like many Americans do.
Min.wage was never meant to be a career wage Bernie. You are using people to stay relevant!
So true
@Analogy_6 
Bernie always stays on message. From a year ago




Changing our police system will have a direct impact on our economy. @MichaelAWoodJr has talked about this.
@CivilianLedPD is an answer.
We also need to change the laws around civil asset forfeiture.
As long as predatory policing structure is in place we cant raise the minimum wage bc that money will dry up and starve poor communities.
We cant raise the minimum wage, when that money is being extracted my predatory banking and policing the extracts wealth 4rm poor Americans
#FightFor15 minimum wage for tipped workers is $2.13 an hour, which hasn't increased in 25 years.Congress raised its pay 13times since then
They raised minimum wage in my state;a bunch of us got hours cut. Some of my friends lost their job. They r on #unemployment. Still for it.
That's cause big corps outsource to get cheaper wages...i lost my job to India....
Stop taxing us and giving it those that don't work(you), while you're at it stop spending money in DC Small government is then best 4 poepl
Maybe the degree in philosophy is not a markatibke skill.
Why should young people just starting out be blocked from entry level job opportunities by high minimum wage laws?
One size doesn't fit all.
Setting a national minimum wage can be tricky.
Some states have low costs & others high costs.
Their minimum wage level should be different.
Small Business employs most young people. P/L dictates Growth. $100/h should "Stop" all that, so you can have SOCIALISM, yes ??
Bernie,  take care of your wife!
And again nobody deserves 15 an hour to do a minimum wage job. It's absurd
I agree with the second half of this. $15 minimum wage won't help. The cost of living always rises to match or outpace it.
Great plan - you saw what happened to Applebee's in New York didn't you? This plan loses jobs for Americans in the service industry
And you sir think a $15 min wage will fix all this? We need real jobs. Not min wage jobs.
Keep letting corps offshore. Tariffs on all their goods coming into USA. Keep buying cheap Chinese junk. When we lost mfrg jobs it was over.
How ironic is it this tweet appears an hour after tweeting about unemployed youth. Serious?!?! Ask your #progressive predecessors...
...#MInimumWage was used to raise youth unemployment (& 4 women & minorities). #FightFor15 needs a history lesson.
and why is Two TRILLION USD, made by US Corporations sitting off=shore, UNTAXED??  Repatriate those dollars and watch GDP rise.
@TheRealKIngram agreed
If they are not intelligent enough or motivated enough to move past a minimum wage job yes they do deserve what THEY ARE worth!!!
Why should they be handed what others earn ??!! Because your goal is to bankrupt our economy like your manifesto states .
A little late to worry about that - So DISINGENUOUS  given your record for the last 8 years!
Why so DISHONEST? @GOP @SenWarren @realDonaldTrump
For God sake Bernie you put 13 MILLION ON FOOD STAMPS now you are concerned about them??? BULL
It will not work what don't you idoits understand Seattle tryed it unemployment sky rocketed because of massive layoffs do the math
Not only min wage but Social Security.
Min wage raises cost of living which hurts the working poor. We need a $50/hr max wage for Congress, CEOs, teachers lawyers entertainers etc
In a capitalist society, there must always be a lower and upper class. Make minimum wage $35.00 an hr, hamburgers would jump to $25.00 each
Give everyone in America one Million Dollars; would anyone work at McDonalds? Yes, because a burger would cost $500ea. Want fries with that?
You know what they say, " Capitalism is a terrible economic model, but it's better than anything else out there."
We haven't had #FreeMarketCapitalism in a VERY long time (if ever) - let's give #AnarcholCapitalism a try, no?
Nooo. .. you have to raise it up higher then  $15.00  an hr. trust me you can not pay for a apartment at that price that guy wrong .
Share your wealth then, Bernie. How much you have stashed? Oh, by the way, you on Obamacare?
Try telling that to some of the plants in Leitchfield, my....and they know who they are..SMFH
Get ready to say, "Goodbye", to small mom and pop shops.
Working well in Seattle
Thank you for fighting
So dumb to think this will make things better. People are not meant to stay at the minimum wage. This will reduce jobs, and increase prices.
You sure don't, with your millionaire status and multiple homes, do ya, Bernie?
Yea lets raise min wage to 15$ so Those of us with skilled labor and educations can be punished while the lazy benefit
Especially,4 trump!
Yep. I'm technically in poverty but I live within my means. Hmmm . . .
Don't forget what irresponsible ideas like this do 2 employers which may opt 4 cheaper labor by allowing more kiosks like McDonalds & others
Then get a better job than flipping burgers
give them hell old boy
So in one tweet you say young people can't find jobs...  but let's double the minimum wage...  that will open up the job market.
#NoClue
Worked 10yrs in the same hospital position that required a degree/5yrs experience to start-still qualify for my employer's charity program
But ya can't get a 40 hour job cuz of O'care. C'mon
and no one that rejects God should be in government
It's just greed with 45 & all these corporate CEO's they should all have to live on minimum wages for a year just to see what it's like#45
Minimum wages were not ment to be a carrier job.It was entry level for young unskilled workers.it was NEVER MENT TO BE A LIVING WAGE !
Yeah, people on minimum wage say the same thing. How can anyone survive? I'm following this hot topic
Want to raise minimum wage? Bring actual jobs back, other than service sector. I'm talking plants and factories like ol school Detroit.
Raise the minimum wage companies can go under: https://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2017/04/19/news-just-in-the-san-francisco-minimum-wage-kills-restaurants-and-thus-restaurant-jobs/#7d9b74923a16 …
https://www.google.com/amp/www.sandiegouniontribune.com/business/columnists/dan-mcswain/sd-fi-minimum-wage-job-losses-restaurants-20170406-story,amp.html …
http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/politics/fact-check/2017/03/29/fact-check-flagstaff-minimum-wage-hike-proposition-414/98641896/ … 
enjoy unemployment
Find out if your congressmen & senators support $15 MinWage, #MedicareforAll, CollegeforAll, GlassSteagall &more at http://demandprogressivepolicies.com 
Because of all the illegals !!!!!
AMEN BERNIE AND IT WAS REALLY NICE OF TRUMP TO CHANGE PRESIDENT OBAMA'S RAISE AMOUNT OF SOCIAL SECURITY WOW GOT A WHOPPING$3.00 CAN'T BUY ##
Learn how the economy works before spouting your bullshit theory. People who work minimum wage 40 hours make plenty of money, I sure do.

Or go w/out a raise for 8 years. Have you been in a grocery store lately?
The other REALLY IMPORTANT PART is WHEN MINIMUM WAGE is RAISED that INFLATION DOES NOT OCCUR. If RENT & GOODS raise then NOTHING changes 
If the minimum wage rises, the number of jobs available falls.  Simple econ.  A minimum wage is the wrong solution.
the time for change is now.  raise minimum wage to $15.00 an hour to help those who need it most.
Nobody should be planning on working a minimum wage job as a career
BERNARD, McDon, Burger King, 711, we're never meant to be a career... No one is going to pay $10 for a big Mack. It ain't gonna work...
Salting fries for 40 hrs should not entitle someone to earn $15/hr. I'm sorry, it just doesn't add up. Automatic salters will replace them.
Tell that to Seattle.
Nice pipe dream. More jobs would give labor more power not less. Socialism on the other hand... Not so much.
Just stop, Bern!  One would have to work only 9 mos fulltime at min wage to hit poverty line of $12k. Skill dev is the answer, not socialism
And you wonder why so many youth are unemployed?
So you believe u know better than the brilliance of markets. What is your degree in?
with little debt and no mortgage or rent to pay
me and my wife making 70K a year in east TN yeah its a living wage but not so in places like NYC or LA  we do ok on 28K a year
I agree instead of expanding Medicaid need better jobs
We have a congress that represent the rich and businesses. Our representatives does not respect the voters/people...what they wants & needs.
Democrat is White House last 8 years.
#FightFor15
15isajobkiller
Okay unless you have inflation stats then the min wage shouldn't go up. If it goes up prices go up because co's have to pay more
http://zeeis.me/?share=17858 
Too bad you couldn't have supported @HillaryClinton when she was saying this. You bear partial responsibility for the electoral debacle.
min wage?  I favor abolishing the concept of a republican.  If they don't vote for us, we don't vote for them.
U can thank the DEMS 4 that .... hahaha. And hillary wanted to steal more from U guys. What a joke the left is. Why did Obama admin lie 2 U
Because of INFLATION BERNIE! You cant just give people more money and expect that to solve the economy. Lower our taxes and we have more $$$
