Trump on #Charlottesville: "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides" 
#1) @realAliTweets @MinnieBellW /@Willis_Hubbard_ @LewisCo86458825 @rainrainrain77 @RBReich @bannerite @GodsWordIsFree @ERMA_____ @JWaReesS
#2)@SenatorHeitkamp @13matters @SuperckookLarry @Eemunchagote @MarilynCapps @ReporterPhoenix @frankandjannie @funder @MMFlint @elaineyvette1
#3) OKAY everyone, now we all know that DONALD TRUMP used RACISM & DISCRIMINATION to get where he's at today with those who support him.
#4)  This is why people who're White Nationalist, Neo Nazis, & the KKK loves him, & the reason BANNON plays a strong role in the White House
#5) If TRUMP anger these racist groups, not only will he have problems with BANNON & maybe other racist individuals in the White House, but
#6) he will lose their support, where hardly no one will be supporting him, except the very few w/blindfolds on believing that TRUMP isn't
#7) racist and he will make America Great Again. He's more so making himself the worst of the worst American President, of many many years.
#8)The sad part abt this situation w/TRUMP & racism, is there might be nothing he can say, where anyone believes me. The man tells many LIES
He doesn't call it for what it is cause he is one
Can't help thinking that if people had allowed the white nationalists to have their demonstration in peace, violence could have been avoided
Holocaust taught us you can't b quite & stand by
You are saying that you favor violent clashes between opposing groups to peaceful demonstration? I assume you are pleased, then.
This was not a peaceful demonstration.It was violent rhetoric and hate, even if no counter showed up. The message alone is violent/corrosive
The message may be violent/corrosive, but it's their right to voice it. If left to themselves they would have only hurt themselves.
Actually there are laws in place that make that specific speech illegal. The mere presence of it invited violence, another illegal aspect
What exactly did they say that falls under illegal speech?  I must have missed that on the news.
Bernie, you are the voice for millions of us.  Thank you Sir for telling it like it REALLY is.
I love Bernie Sanders calling out this horrible, horrible man.
BLM and ANTIFA were also there provoking violence why not condemn them.
Tell him Bernie. You should of been President
Bernie, you aware of who the arrested driver is?? He is not a Trumper, just like the guy who supported you and shot up the House Republicans
Bernie bros like to use guns
Bernie is losing it.....got it all wrong!
45 will never call them out. Instead, he calls them in to our WH  o be part of his administration.
White American Radical Terrorists.   Someone has to say it sir.
Frightening times. Those who voted @realDonaldTrump  in have put the whole world in danger. Every colour,creed & persuasion #peace #together
Says the man who's wife is being investigated by the FBI for fraud. Take an L Bernie you lost!
That has nothing to do with the president trying to hide how serious these hate crime are.
And what does the issues in North Carolina have to do with Trump?
He's the president of our country..sadly..& he should be addressing this issues for what they are. I'm sorry I have no respect for racists
Have you been watching the chaos in North Carolina? There is hate on both sides and you can clearly see that
Yes there is obvious intolerance in the far left but having a grandfather who fought in WW2 makes me kinda hate Nazis bro
I had family members that fought Nazi's as well so what, it's in the past now. And Nazi doesn't mean facist it means national socialist
Lol you just defended a nazi? that's some real respect for the millions of people who lost their lives to them
You haven't said anything about the mosque being sttacked in Minnesota. Why?  Mr.president.
He won't even mumble the words "White Supremacists"
I'm sick :( (Caution, Graphic in nature)
Our President Bred this.  He relies on their votes.  Enough Said.
He had absolutely NOTHING 2 do w/this. Your precious Obama & other politicians who r race baiting and feeding hatred caused this.
Yeah? So it's the fault of someone else when people take action like this? Please, if you would, tell us all about the BLM protests.
Do you agree that #BLM is a rascist hate group?
no
Thanks bot
Tell it like it is, Bernie!
#Charlottesville F**ing Berners & 3rd party voters. This is what we warned you about. We knew from history. It was obvious. You OWN THIS
i voted for clinton. and i still say "tell it like it is, bernie." because he's right and the election is over
You had to vote for Hillary, after all, she's the one that STOLE the nomination from Bernie.
i'm aware. i didn't care for her, but third party voting is just throwing away you're vote
If everybody realises that third party vote can be something else than a waste, it becomes so. Look what happened in France. Changed quick..
nothing's going to change until we force it to. which is going to happen, sooner or later
This is the guy who went after @BarackObama for not saying 'radical Islamic terrorism' when he didn't say it at a Saudi Arabia speech.
Don't call him Mr. President.   He doesn't deserve any respect.
WTF?
I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/896420822780444672 …
Dude you are just as bad as him with the lies

Right, Bernie.  Antifa is a bunch of choir boys!
What do YOU stand for Bernie?!

#DESTROYINGAMERICA
At this point maybe we can just drop the "neo."
And, "alt-right" and "white nationalism." We can simply say, Nazi... Klan...
You do know the majority of the KKK is Democrat, right?
Hello there! Tell us more about life in the 1870s!
Its still your roots. The Nazis were Leftists and STILL ARE. You all support Chinese Slavery every time you shop Walmart/ use Smartphone!
Sorry, my legs are too short wade through all yr shit JW. Check out @YesYoureRacist where the REPUBLICAN marchers are being identified.
1. @realDonaldTrump No moral equivalence. White supremacists, Nazis, & KKK's hold torches, but they don't hold a candle to freedom & peace.
2. POTUS call them by name, condemn them by name, and reject their votes in the name of a great America.  Otherwise, you are the loser.
Jackass in charge  won't say any about those alt right white racist terrorist they actually support his braying hate filled tweetering ass
..but at the same time we totally ignore Muslims condemning terrorism
You mean like the democrats Bernie?
Hatred hatred wrong is wrong no matter which side it comes from it ALL should stop.  Including the hatred that comes from you Mr Sanders
Well said ...
'On many sides'
My stomach actually turned. Get him out, Congress. He's disgraceful. 

Thank you, Bernie for lighting the way even in the darkest hours.
wait I'm confused, socialist and nazis don't get along anymore?
@MGoFish I like your sports rhetoric...I think you know a lot about the team I've love for 25 years.  I am biz owner, 1 advice.  Personal...
Need to be regulated because your followers are on both sides...it's bad business and I am about to unfollow you.  Not a way to make money.
I love helping people learn how to make money online with this free system. Message me for details.
how about BLM and ANTIFA protests that erupt in violence, Bernie? where is the media coverage on that. MUCH worse than Charlottesville.
Condemn Neo Nazi violence @RepAndyBiggsAZ @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @dougducey @RepTrentFranks @RepMcSally @RepGosar
Where is the word "United" in the United States of America?Hiding behind hate & bigotry amid today's protests in #Virginia & Trump's silence


PLEASE DO SOMETHING SENATOR! Please talk to EVERYONE in The House with you. He is not fit for POTUS.
Somewhere in the constitution has to be something to stop this
Seriously ~ every single Senator who tweets about this today should be asked to DO something about it.
But even most of the Dems support it, so much has the Clintons moved them to the right
I don't know what else we can do. I'm terrified
You can spread love and understanding. Reach out to other people. The only way we'll get through this is together.
See?
Thank you.
The majority of the responses I've received have been vulgar.
No Trump! No KKK! No Fascist USA!
Everywhere! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bae
Glad you support Bernie. Let's bring him back in 2020 to kick @realDonaldTrump in the nuts. You know @POTUS is afraid of @SenSanders
We can't have a Communist that belongs in a nursing home as our president
Right. And are we done with identity politics?
"identity politics" being the term people throw at us when we recognize that privilege exists and everyone deserves equal rights?
just funny to see that but they are ok when Obama never called a terrorist attack by muslims what it was?
He said many times that he did not believe that terrorist attacks under the name of a religion were true followers of that religion. 1/
and yes, the muslim attackers are true followers of islam, that's what the quran tells them to do there fore they are muslim terrorists
Thank you!
This petty little man makes me sick 
Get out of here with "Many Sides" The racist side did it. We just want peace
wish we could live in that world
We will
Bernie you dont even do your own tweets
Yes he does.
Uhh nope
This was extremism on BOTh sides. This is not democratic or republican!!
Just what we need coming from a draft dodger,free loader who used to be just like these idiots.Did someone remind you of yourself out there?
You mean like Hillary did, and then you chastised her?
THERE WAS MORE THAN ....ONE SIDE IN THIS VIOLENCE....ONE SIDE DIDN'T COMMIT ALL THE VIOLENCE........BOTH SIDES COMMITTED VIOLENCE.....
Funny how you're so quick to call the hatred of these people but you say NOTHING about #Antifa who have caused destruction and injuries
Antifa's use of violence is unacceptable, but doesn't excuse Nazi crimes in America.
Agree! But the left seems to dismiss them as protesters and let's be real they're criminal thugs!
No Mr. Sanders POTUS stated it exactly Right!! He does not take sides-all groups @ fault, NOT like U&UR Senate/Congress  coddling BLM/Antifa
Footage of Bannon leaving White House after being dumped today   #BannonOut
Therefore T. Is a #ChickenTrump  #Alternativefacts #alternativehistory
Commander in shit!
How dare you sit there and blame @POTUS and his supporters for the violence in this country that YOU PERPETRATE! God is taking you down!
#Mentalhealth
Mr.Trum is afraid of losing voters for 2020 reelection
So you mean BLM and Antifa are nazis too
Shut up Bernie, you a a communist, and have no say on ANYTHING the concern's racism
both sides came equipped for a RIOT. not everyone but some. Its on both sides u dirtbag stop ur political crap and help heal this country
How dare you. How many supporters of yours have committed attempted murder?
You & Hillary never spoke to your side to accept the election
You constantly scream POTUS must be removed 
That is just stirring up all crazies

Trump is doing what he accused Obama/Clinton of doing , Trump won`t say White Supremacist like he said they wouldn`t say Radical Islamist .
Apparently this "white only"is contagious. Verbally attack getting my laundry out of laundry facility I'm mix race German,Filipino, Spanish.
And the don't even need to climb a wall.
YES! THANK YOU! People need to call them what they are: Neo-Nazis!
David Duke endorsed Keith Ellison, second chair at DNC.

@realDonaldTrump No Mr. President.This is a effort by Neo-Nazis to foment racism and hatred and create violence. You are one of them
How about far left terrorism led by you? Violent riots @UCBerkeley and omen of your close followers shooting congressman. #ivorytowerelitist
People of Atlanta marching now against hatred bigotry and White Supremacy in solidarity with Charlottsville!
If you actually listen to the speech it's great and pro ALL Americans. Don't just shit on it because Bernie the rich socialist lost.
Bernie doesn't matter what @POTUS says you're going to hate him anyway so stop being one of the trolls!
How's about you start working with the man if you're so upset about what he says and contributed to making things better stop complaining!
Breath Bernie, he called out hate and racism
He is so comfortable talking about "radical Islamic terrorism," why does he shy away from uttering "white supremacist terrorists?"
Relax tea drinker, he denounced them strongly, didn't invite them to White House. Do you ever look in a mirror?
If hate crime is unlawful, organizations that promote it should be made illegal and banned.
And back to the stuff that led to attempted assassination by your supporter.
https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/6tiagb/video_proof_charlottesville_police_forced/?st=J6BI4GAA&sh=1337e507 …
*which was peaceful until leftist BLM and Antifa (who adore you) came in and started provoking them and causing a fuss. Then the fire starts
Bernie We will call for what for what's right. You better take care of your wife because she did wrong. FACT
Many sides, how so?!
That's part of @realDonaldTrump base, he's not going to condemn them specifically
What do you call it when a political party kills one of their employees for leaking emails that proves corruption?
Thank you, Bernie!
Bernie is that all you can say? Shame on you, you really have sunk too low for contempt 
Nixon called on US Nazi's too, creating a breach of the peace; enabling the White House to remove anti war protesters from Pennsylvania Ave
Just because they provoked with bigoted words does not give others the right to respond with violent action
The president's words may be too big for the people he is addressing. Shame on @realDonaldTrump
trump is a putin and nazi puppet. Impotent and controlled by others. What a pathetic excuse for a human being!
Didn't one of your fans recently shoot up a charity softball game?  And the driver was a Bernie supporter.
Who taught him the word "provocative"? It's not a word he uses...has more than one syllable.
Just visited Nazi party rally grounds in Nuremberg, does history teach us nothing?
Yes Bernie
I swear, the only brain in his head belongs to the reclusive spider that needed a dark place to live
Hey Bernie~Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd ...mentor
BTW~hows ur investigation going~thief?
Just like the far left to take an opportunity to call President Trump a racist. I know he isn't. I can't say the same about Obama.
Zip it Bernie !
Exactly! Anything less is half-assed.  It baffles me that it seems to be OK, to dance around the truth. This was not two-sided baiting!
You never called what happened to @SteveScalise what it was... Your party openly supports BLM and antifa, they're guilty too. #hypocrite

are you crazy? He is denouncing the violence! Stop trying to push your agenda.
How about when some BLM supporters & others say "white genocide"? Few, but it exists. Would you dare hold the two ideas together? You won't.
Replace neo nazis with BLM and you could have sent this out 2 years ago.
Congress: make a statement of condemnation against white nat'l & neo-nazis & send to 45 to sign. Then we all can see where everyone stands

Even if you are a white supremacist, you still have 1st amendment rights. When one group loses rights, we all lose rights.
Until you disavow Antifa SUASD shut up and sit down if you are not part of the solution you are part of the problem
You're doing great sweetie
Funny how the same Democrats won't say "Islamic terrorism". #WeAreDivided

I have no choice but to believe he himself is a racist. He's hired a known racist in a key role and has made racist comments himself.
It's truly upsetting. I'm ill & a bit elderly so have a hard time listening to his rhetoric and ignorance anymore.
I'm so disappointed in him. All nations have formed a very bad, negative opinion of us because of him. He should be ashamed.
ANTIFA and BLM didn't have a PERMIT and should have been arrested when they showed up in DROVES to START Trouble. They're the perperators!

Wow; @realDonaldTrump you became a poltitian- what was cause of event? Removal Racist statue; deal with it; yr sad; hi @kim_crawley
What about BLM and Antifa you blind bat?
I seen a news clip where you condemned both sides too. Are you going back on your word? To only say what you think ppl want to hear?
He's too much of a coward to do that.
True. And I'm sure many of the counter-protesters where hoping for a fight. And keep in mind, your 1% rhetoric is a form of bigotry.See def.

WHERE WERE U THE LAST 8 MONTHS WITH ANTIFA & BLM RIOTS, AT CAMPUS'ES AND ELSEWHERE ?
Your hero, Barack Obama, spent 8 yrs fomenting racial animus. You kept your mouth shut then. You should keep it shut now.
Thanks Bernie-Once again the world must to look to intelligent, caring folks like you, to hear the truth of the matter
And that's what he's talking about, Einstein.
Oh.  Like your best friend who shot all those congressmen
You lost the election for a reason, let my president do his job the way he wants to
Sweating it out hoping this was not another case of Liberal Terror by a Bernie Supporter? After Scalise was shot it was "both sides" now?
Lying racist ..... RESIGN
I bet that is the first time the word 'egregious' has ever has ever been uttered by DT;far too many syllables for his pool of adjectives!
Get the facts correct. Violence was caused by #Antifa. Phuck your socialist agenda. Leftists are the Nazis.
No one likes you bernie
Did any of you idiots even watch videos from the rally? Why is nobody mentioning ANTIFA?
Please go rest at one of your homes, ol' socialist.
Bank fraud fool
You and the loosers of the left had been implementing division and hate toward all white peolple just because most lean for TRUMP
BERNI STOP SAYING STUPID THINGS
Both sides didn't do this. Only one.
But still Venezuela is a Socialist Utopia?
Many sides???!! Are you effing kidding me? Now I understand @ChrisEvans tweet. This is one sided: neo nazis white supremacists
Off your high horse. BLM, Antifa, KKK, White Nationalists are united in judging by color of the skin as a way of life. Nice try though.
One side is for tolerance and inclusiveness, the other is about bigotry, hatred and violence. There are not "many sides". #NotMyPresident
Thank you @SenSanders
I love you !
Heather wont be forgotten!
Will you call out Antifa as well ?
A ustedes les cuesta demasiado aprender nuestro idioma, y no por eso los discriminamos. Y soy "latina" de Uruguay de donde comen su carne

How dare he say many sides. One side, his despicable side. He incites this domestic terrorism.
Your hatred against the president of the United States is not helping things neither.
@NBCNews still idiots following bernies lead?
So how's the tax fraud case going Conrad bernie
Keep on speaking out Bernie
@realDonaldTrump needs to shut down the chapter of white supremacist hatred he has emboldened #charlotsville
Those who protested their assembly caused the violence. We have free speech for now. There I called it out!
While President Trumo fights to unify the country, Bernie is still fighting to divide us. Bernie is fueling the hatred and violence!
Yasss Bernie come through
Thank you (should have been) Mr. President, you understand our country is great because of our differences. Please take care and run in 2020
Bernie bro shot congressman and kill citizens. Where r u Fraud?
Time to take a good hard look at the #DirtyDisgustingDems...I was all in for Bernie but I just can't deal with his denial #DNCFraudLawsuit
It's murder! It's a hate crime! It's terrorism!
Bernie you and Hillary are the cause of these problems.
Trump doesn't have the guts to call out the scum that voted him into the presidency!  He is nothing but a mentally ill and cowardly bully.
Didn't one of your supporters shoot a bunch of Republican congressmen on a baseball field in June? By your own logic you're responsible
pay the money bback bern
@ClaireFrentz papa
mais tu te rends compte en 2017, des nazis, c'est quoi ce monde
vraiment je suis ????????????
hell he's one of them...a domestic enemy better yet NAZI
