Because he actually cares about America and it's people.
It's a good thing he's a Democratic Socialist and not what you're thinking of.
Have you lived in a socialist society ?
the Nazis were never Socialist..Russians were hardcore Marxist-Leninist actually...so what is that you dont like bout Socialism-Communism?
your part of the system put in place to keep Americans divided and under control...you are no different from a Bush or a Clinton
You're so ignorant, you're approaching Trump levels.
really? you think a two party system brings us together then? Id try and help you understand your being played, but it wouldn't do any good
Oh I agree, the two parry system is fucking over Americans. But Bernie isn't part of the shit. He works around it, not for it.
no he's part of it,but your waaaay too invested for me to convince you otherwise. Wake up, your buying into their rhetoric, same as always
lol im not the one defending the chains around our collective ankles...wow you got mad fast. dont make heroes of career politicians kid
You are a clown and a coward. You know nothing about governance nor do you understand Constitutional Law!! Retire NOW!
He's not going ANYWHERE nor his beliefs or the people who believe in them. So get USED TO IT!

The Industrial Prison Complex?  Maybe the public school systems that are going to become a whole lot worse?  #DumpDevos Or are we all sheep?
Just move to Europe already and stop ruining the greatest country in the world.
Stop giving my tax money to other countries
#bernout
Why did you give a speech at a college? You have only done "political" work your whole life. What advice do you have for innovators? Vote?
Yes, because it's not like they teach "politics" at universities or anything...
Being a politician is something you do to give back after a career of achievement. It is not an end in itself. Otherwise, how would you /1
Know how best to help those with real world problems, of you had not yourself worked a job, made a life, ECT..? /2
If all you ever did was be a politician, then you might think that is some kind of job, and somehow comparable to other jobs. It isn't. /3
You know by being involved with people. How are they struggling? Whats the root cause? How can we fix it?  Thats a representative.
How can you think someone who has never had to work a real job is capable of identifying a "root cause" to economic inequality?
I dont work at walmart, but i know their wages arent enough to live, and are forced to apply for assistance if no other work is available.
100's showed up n #Alaska 2 thank @lisamurkowski 4 voting NO ..saving their #healthcare
Odd that after 7 years of demonizing Obamacare, it took the GOP to make the people they programmed to hate it love it.
Everyone is entitled to a 3rd vacation home.
YES!
Fed gov is already too big! We elected the President and love the people's plan!
I don't think these right-wing plutocrats understand what democracy is
We're on it. #MAGA
This is a man who should be president, not this bizarro world we are living in now. WOW, would thing be different, there would b hope !!!!!
Hope only for the lazy non productive people. Those of us that work for a living would be screwed! Socialism doesn't work. Never has or will
Common sense is not that common, don't u know ?
Nonexistent on the left!
What u don't realize is, there is no order or content without social programs. Not everyone is able to work & support themselves.
On point senator,on point!
Love you Bernie
Then go live in a socialistic society like Venezuela! We want a less overreaching fed gov! We love the President.
Why can't I save tweets and videos anymore since this lat update?! I want it back please!!!!!
All Americans should help realise Bernie Sanders' dreams. That is good for the world also.
His wife commits bank fraud and he's talking about morals!? Typical commie
Typical cowardice: ignore the message and attack the messenger. Even more cowardly: attack the messenger's wife.
what message? that he wants to take the wealth I earned and spread it around while he takes bribes and his wife embezzles.your and idiot
Oh sweet Jesus auto correct changed my you're to your and I didn't catch it,I'll never hear the end of it
Take your wealth and spread it? Even if that's true (but it's not) why wouldn't you spread part of your wealth, and I mine, to help others?
Who the hell are you or anyone else to take my money that I made and give it to whoever you want.i do that on my own.
That's too bad. I'm more than willing to pay taxes to help you and your family if misfortune struck. Sorry to hear it's not reciprocal.
Any message for the graduates of #BurlingtonCollege ?
I'm behind you all the way. I'm willing to do whatever I can to save our country from pulling out of the Paris Climate Change bill
Beautiful. Thank you.
Would love to see you run a nation bernie. Then turn around and see you beg America to help you. Lol
He wouldn't have to beg.....majority of Americans already support his ideology. Corrupt system won't allow it.
Many people I know don't like his views. It's so easy to just follow the crowd. Enlighten me. Again no offense
Always Inspiring
Reigniting#NotMeUs #ItsUpToAllOfUs
All of this!
all I see is another narcissist
Thank you Senator Sanders for your continued guidance, inspiration and hope.
I love this man!
Glad I wasn't there to hear that leftist freedom killing BS!
getting Mg something else you didn't earn by yourself. How fitting.
U R THE BEST!! U R GEORGE McGOVERN REBORN!!
The problem is that Trump supporters do that too.
Vote you fools out on the Hill.
.. Antifa who is crediting you in inspiring there violent attacks on peaceful rallies regardless of the message violence is not okay
Do you condemn Violence? You've been silent when BLM took over a college to incite violence against white staff and students for ...
i love you Bernie. feel the Bern
I hope you told the graduates that Nothing is Free..especially the freedom they are so fortunate to enjoy..
USSR?  Venezuela?  East Germany?  Cuba?  Which socialist nation should we become?
By letting him take the fruits of the work you've done. But, but... Free stuff!
You have become the new #mccarthy its really sad to see a socialist take it from the deep state with no lube
You got played by Hillary. Don't you have any self respect? Do others have to demand justice for your donors without you? Shameful.
Ya a nation of snowflakes
goosebump listening to you. Something I can be proud of for my entire lives that I once loved and trust a politician with my true heart.
Why the useless music in the background? But very well spoken. A Brooklyite in Brooklyn!
Thank you for your consistent message. America loves you!
Just like Venezuela like you preached in 2011...from the man who created nothing. Bet that was a real eye opener. YAWWWWNNN
First uncover fully who is responsible for purging 130,000 voters who were likely your supporters off of the roles.
I agree, Bernie!! Let's do this!! #BERNIE2020
Self glorification ....... you are worse than Trump when comparing egos except you took a dive .... you have NO conviction
He is the only one still working for the people. Where is hillary? In the woods and out of touch with her voter base.
that may be impossible because we cannot pay for all your pipe dreams; fantasy is one thing reality another; please quite
A Socialist Nation?
Do something. #DoSomething
IN THE NAME OF ALLAH,THE MOST GRACIOUS,THE MOST MERCIFUL
THE MESSAGE OF ISLAM
THE MUSLIMS BOOK HOLY QURAN
PEACE BE UPON YOU
WHOLE WORLD`S
No Trump bashing.   Thank you
No!!! Sir !!! Corruption is no future to believe in.
@SenSanders Birdie, socialism starts w/robbing & ends when out of other ppls money. Ask USSR, China, Cuba. All using capitalism to revive.
What's that a soft nation?
It can be done when they hear your voice they cower in fear let them know you fight against them
In other words, give government more of your money because they know what's best for you. Meanwhile...Bernie has 3 mansions. Hypocrite.

Still Bernie, if only, .
Equal opportunity doesn't equal equal results
why you advocating for violence?? #fightback #Trump #MAGA
Love you Bernie
We've been sold down the river by GOP & DNC Bernie is for us! He opened our eyes We give ourselves what we think we deserve! #SinglePayerNow
Who's us?  Go away old man.  You lost.  You were rejected.  Your ego knows no bounds.
You didn't talk about crowd size or your personal problems with the media? What kind of speech to graduates is this?
Wow excellent I went to the same school, we are fellow alumni @SenSanders  lol
Thank you for your brilliance, your passion, your inspiration, and your persistence.
If human nature, all those things you've heard so much about... greed lust sloth... wasn't a factor, socialism is a fantastic theory.
God bless you, Bernie Sanders!

You need to form NEW DEMOCRACY PARTY(NDP) but argument needs fine tuning. We need competition & co-operation to achieve goal decent life all
Socialism never has worked
You live in a dream world bernie, socialism is a failed idea.forget it.
It's more like, "Help us Regain & Rebuild our Great Nation after Trump Destroys it." We allowed the Devil into the WH #Excercism
SOS VENEZUELA 
Look graduates......stop saluting the Cabal.

Stop Supporting Israel and it's Death Machine in America.
Go Bernie!
Mr. Sanders in your effort to satisfy your ego & pocket book.  You are doing more to create division with classification rhetoric. Very sad
@politico @HuffPost Did you also tell them what the cost would be?
.@GinnysaurisRex       Seriously? I think you have done fairly well for yourself the way the country "is" bern. thoughts?
Hey bernie how come not a word on the elefction rigging? or are you part of it?
So funny to hear about climate change. The United States is only 5%of the world. Do you think there's money involved there? Hmmmmmm.......
Climate change, restoring democracy. You're a socialist Pig. I like Hillary's speech at Wellesley better. It really sucked. Think about that
Excellent!
They will soon be at your office door calling for your resignation.
We know who was "IN THE HOOD"
#BERNED

too idealist, agree but people always forgets
What a different USA it would have been.
A nation of hand outs? Term limits would probably motivate you to actually accomplish something
YES LETS TAKE YOUR TAX DOLLARS TO FEED THE WORLD AND NOT FEED THIS COUNTRYS STARVING
you and Hilary are reason I left Democratic Party
At the same time make sure that there enough people employed to allow it being paid for - RIGHT.
and don't forget to give them the age old adage, when life hands you lemons, make #Covfefe
That's really generic and unmemorable. "Reclaim democracy" would be a stronger, clearer message. Imo :)
Someone recently asked me "do you remember Hillary's tag line?" I drew a blank! MAGA immediately popped up.
"I'm with ER." That show was cancelled in 2009.
Bernie is last one to give a commencement. He obviously failed economics and you just don't get a degree for showing up.
May I ask why elected officials get paid LIFE TIME paychecks?!! How is that even fiscally responsible to tax payers?
Sorry sellout, you are the 1%. 3 houses and such. You let the DNC steal the primary from you. Refused to fight for your base.
What he means is to help left wing Dems and globalists achieve one world government!
Let's start by voting you out gramps.
That's right, teach them to be more entitled then they already are.
This coming from a man who only held odd jobs until he has 40 and became a socialist...ur father must be so proud
yes we must
Nonsense!!!!
Venezuela??
Absolute Truth.
We will make a special brigade to capture all these communists like Bernie and send them all to Venezuela, so they can live real socialism.
The Millenials are our hope and they are to be reckoned with by the savage republican agenda!
You're just amazing. The youngest generation will be the most enlightened and moral yet! #BernieSanders
Q
+
Still Bernie 
Cuba?
don't be shy
Time to retire Bernie.
Could Colonel Sanders have called the system rigged?The system and laws are good only a few people are to blame. Who is Kushner for a start?
well said Komrade Sanders.
W e are trying but the Alt-Left is fighting us tooth and nail.
Get some Bernie
And don't ruin our country with socialism @BernieSanders
A bernt out hippie who lost to Hillary Clinton, who lost to Donald Trump. Pathetic.
How many people walked out of one of Bernie's speeches?

Would've been great if you stood up to HRC. You broke hearts across the aisle, reps/dems, when you bowed down. Sir u could've led party
You are a likable person but thank God you lost the election. I feel bad that the fix was on the primary though. You took it well.
And no one walked out ! Speaks for itself !


Why the hell am I following you?  I didn't follow you.  Twitter back at it again.
YES, a working NATION! Not a FREE, FREE your govt and someone else will pay, NATION!!!
Leave the Democrats.
Go Bernie
Sit down, old man. Your endorsement is the kiss of death. You're irrelevant. Make room for new blood.
Bernie says everything I think: he hits the nail on the head every time: hope he becomes President.
So Bern, you are acknowledging that Obumer really DID Not do anything for the US his 8 years in office!
Spoken to people who don't know what it's like to live under a conservative administration or what real economic growth is like.
Thank you for such a moving and inspirational speech @SenSanders!
Thank you for Inspiring Me too.
Hey Bernie, I'm part of the "ALL" you refer to and I want NO PART of your Socialist nation you speak of and desire. Please retire and move.
Love my Bernie! 
the system was rigged against you by the DNC and Hillary Clinton.Stand up and do something about that!!!!
My President Bernie Sanders!
I don't think electoral politics is a solution, but we could do worse than leaders like this.
I hate the way this guy keeps making me have faith in humans & their institutions.
This man is too good to be POTUS.
You sold out, Bern.
I think it's rational to dismantle the current system of governance & replace it with something better.
A nation built upon the template of a socialist hellscape that promulgates conformity and derides freedom? Yea, sounds great...
TERM LIMITS
Boooooo! I would have walked out on you. Chump.
Fuck you Bernie. And your breadlines.
Proud to be a brooklynite and BK college alumnus!
#ber knee! + 10! On stage? In audience? Chosen for? Each event? By? Or? Each w/ agendas : Bernie = Cabinet / Committees : a) DOW b) Duma c)
socialist speaking
It's all freezes, maybe Russia is supporting you an you agenda to bankrupt the US.
Love it
BEST Message I've Heard this MONTH~
Doctor of Badassology.
Thanks for your advice. We're doing so that's why @realDonaldTrump is "PRESIDENT"
It's all free, paid for by the poor an middle class as you make $300k a year off tax payers. Donate your wealth to support under privileged.
You are a sad joke #nosocialismforus
This man could have changed the world as President because he inspires people to take  interest in their country and the political process.
You baby boomers are creating havoc.
By running against candidates who can move the country forward?
He's a lib facist but he finally said something that made sense. 28 year in the Senate and nothing accomplished!!
Bernie looks like the Wizard of Oz, totally Fake and with a big mouth!!
Positive needed after 4 years of study. Time for walking out and protesting lets have a day of commemoration good show
He'd be speaking there if he were President, but he'd have a far better situation to report.
Much better than Hillary's. You actually went high while Hillary went low.
You want to stay rich with the other politicians. You want equality for the rest of us! Capitalism is how you and the others got rich 
