Sanders Gore 2020 please
2 sell outs for profit
Sanders/Gore 2020?

Looking for 4 more years of Russia being the fourth branch of government?

Ok Thank you!!!
Thank you Al & Bernie for your many years in public service & all you do for our great country! 
Like stealing footage from a disaster movie and being charged for bank fraud?
Cite Source & provide links plz.


You mentioned charges for bank fraud, I see no indication that charges were filed.
Yet Trump is totally guilty even if he is just being investigated.
I haven't seen any charges filed against him either.
@F_McCullough oh my days they're running on a joint ticket
Lol can you imagine…?!
Did this get canceled? I went to the page and there was no video.
tomorrow morning
tomorrow morning
Gore and Sanders 2020...please!?
Awesome
Oh boy, what a pair! Talk about the blind leading the blind!

LMAO 2 liberal quacks ! @potus @TEN_GOP
Got through about 30 seconds...
Cartoons?
Id rather clean toilets all day, than listen to two crooks making up lies
Interesting...and where the hell was Al Gore this past election?  Sitting on the sidelines like so many others.  Not so Bernie.
2 additions to the Warren/Waters Loon Platoon.. everything you both say comes across insincere and not believable.
u n PresCarter r great roll models Thx 2 both of u 4 all the good u do! Pls go on air n talk2gether w @elonmusk@60minutes @sundayCBS
It's a meeting of the mindless. Hurrah!
I cannot see it
@SenSanders FOSIL FUEL COSTS is not only production but also all money/resources to restore/prevent harm produced to organisms/planet health
... alas, using fb ... choose an alternative social media host ... already ... more than just say'n... tnx! - r ...
Al Gore sits down with Bernie to talk climate change.
https://www.facebook.com/senatorsanders/ 
Bernie/Gore 2020
Why did this shark mock Al Gore?
I can't find it!
MUH CLIMATE CHANGE TAXES 
This thing happening or what?
for tomorrow morning

Pass.
lol

Socialists and Slate readers rush to add it to their calendars.
I would watch this but I have to watch CSI Miami
Oh HELL no.
Sounds like Bevis and But head are back at it ...
#MoneyGrab
please don't
;The A,s And B,s and c,s of it all;.
Neither of you are climate scientist. If you're going to do this town hall, please actually have scientist there and not just politicians.
I beg you to stay out of this. You're the reason there is a partisan divide. Anytime an AGW debate comes up, your name comes in.
why are you teaming up with the biggest loser of the 2016 election?
Aka: Dumb and Dumberest
You might wanna fix your graphic ...


you need to gear up and run for POTUS again sir :-)
The world will be a dried up ball of rock from global warm...I mean climate change by then.
of you?
Hahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahha scientists....
Who picked the photo?
Lets focus on thinking about John McCain and not insulting Republicans
Why is the time difference between the coasts just 2:50?
