Bernie Sanders if you don't think we the American people will hold democrats responsible for ACA failure, you've got another thing coming.
It saved millions of lives! It didn't fail. Insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies make billions off us. That is what's wrong
It is failing.  And you are upset because someone is making money off you?
It's only failing because the GOP is doing everything it can to make sure it does
I hope it does fail.
Ya so people can die. At what age did you lose your compassion & empathy for others?
About 7 years ago. When the government decided to TRY to tell me what I need
The ACA saved my life, I wouldn't be here without it. I was uninsurable due to pre-existing conditions. You advocate for killing people
Lol, so a law passed by a Democrat POTUS with 100% Democrat support and ZERO GOP votes, isn't the Democrats responsibility. Got it.
to set the record straight It wasn't just democrats that voted for it

Got to love facts 
What Bernie means is that the GOP actively undermined the ACA so it would fail:
Really how could it not fail when they had to "pass it to see what was in it"
The bill was sound and Republicans added 100+ amendments to it. Portions were stripped by the GOP so it would fail.
Goo governors refused to add more entitlements to state budgets Medicaid is already widely abused on tax payer dime.
A President should be a hero for the good of all Americans. All Races, Genders and Faiths. Instead we have a sad ignorant uncaring puppet.

No Obama is no longer in office.

I voted for Trump to bring back jobs, repeal ACA, support our officers and military, cut regulations and foster prosperity. He's doing it!
Literally 0 of that has happened...
You're not paying attention! 800,000 jobs created, hundreds of govn regulations cut unwaivering support for those that serve & protect.. Smh
Like real man not like  a boy.
No you, the Dems & Rep all will be held responsible for health insurance failure.
Seriously ! No It Is Just Your Delusional Crap ! Democrats Made It ! They Own It ! We Asked Our President To Help Us Out Of Your Mess !
Did you just admit that the ACA failed?
Prove he caused it to fail. He called it during the primaries. Democrats know who's mess this is. Not 1 republican voted for it. Dems own it

Why would the Democrats not be responsible for the legislation they drafted and passed?
it was a failure from the start, stop lying Sen. Sanders, and I notice you don't debate anyone on this, why not???
The Democrats are responsible for giving us a rightwing useless ACA instead of medicare for all!#GOPDEMEXIT
How about GOP and DEM takeover? Both are Ghost Ships waiting for crew. We've got the crew and we're training the captains. Forward...
Super delegates supersede any mutiny you must first destroy to rebuild
Not at the city, county, or state level. One level at a time...
The ACA was a failure right out of the gate. It forced everyone to get health insurance but did not regulate the insurance companies and their gouging. People paid half their income every month for insurance that didn’t pay for anything b/c of high deductibles.
Are you that stupid? It was democrats that passed Obamacare without any republican support! This is all of your fiasco, period!
The ACA was a mess before @realDonaldTrump became POTUS. Repeal isn't the answer either, but now's not the time for partisan blame-games.
Nothing is perfect.. they should keep it and improve it, then they can say what they did. Taking millions of peoples ins. Not the answer
What about the millions who lost their insurance because they can no longer afford it???
Hence us acknowledging that it's broken and needs to be fixed. Or, at the very least it needs to be improved. Can't speak for everyone.
Thank U. Finger pointing is a GOP specialty.
Thank you Senator Sanders!
Do research Matthew! Passage of ACA was a process which was bi-partisan. Trumpcarenot, etc., was created by a few Republicans in hiding!
Thank you @SenSanders for fighting for those of us that need #ACA! It saved my life during cancer battle!
It does work for those who can afford it. That's never been an issue. It gives a free ride to low income. It absolutely screws the middle.
I am middle and I get nothing free! I pay premiums! So I'm not sure what the hell you're talking about!?!
I don't understand then? How did ACA save your life?
That man is out of control !! And so is the GOP this has to stop ! Get him out of office !!

How mature! Where are you from? Are you even a legal citizen?
open ur eyes & ears &look what's happening to our democracy
Actually, ACA failure can be owned by BOTH parties. #Dems & #Repubs BOTH #Failed #WeThePeople. 
 Now... #GiveUsWhatWeDemand! #SinglePayerNOW
Single payer failed in Vermont.. Why doesn't Bernie own that??
Gov. Shumlin would be more to blame, no? VT #SinglePayer was unlike what we fight for federally...
Once again, its large businesses that get in the way of what the people need.Multi-State operators need to not be exempt for proper funding

Oh yes,  Democrats will be 100% responsible for ACA's failure.
Too rich? Thats pending determination
This is about as convincing as Urkel's "Did I do that?!" catchphrase
You designed the bill.  You pushed it thru the system.  You voted for it.  Its OBAMACARE.  You own it.. It is YOURS.  You have it.
It's your program. It remained intact. When it fails and the country has been bankrupted that belongs to you communists.
What can you do he's tried 2 times to come to the table with something What have you done to help figure something out about Healthcare Bern
You are a joke.  You are evil people with your own Agenda against the American citizens. It is the Dems failure.  You are a joke
Breaking News : Verdict Announcement Nawaz Sharif Disqualified - 5/0 Decision Of Judges (28.07.17)
#PanamaPapers #PanamaLeaks
#Go_Nawaz_Go 
Yes Bernie.
You are so wrong! Democrats broke our health care system! We shall never forget that
Get me Bernie
Zero Republicans voted for the ACA. Its failure is all on the Democrats.
Bernie.... you and your wife are under FBI investigation, correct?
Democrats are responsible. Did you forget that Democrats voted unanimously for Obamacare even though you knew nothing about it?
sorry but we do hold dems responsible and we hold you responsible for bank fraud
President is trying unlike Demo's who are sitting on their a##'s doing absolutely nothing. Your failure not his.
The only people who voted for it were you and all of your leftists friends. ZERO REPUBLICANS VOTED FOR IT. On you forever!
You are so wrong. What's the matter? It was such a GREAT PLAN that you and your friends aren't on, but THE PEOPLE HAVE TO EAT IT
Sorry Bern but it's Democrats that own Obamacare lock, stock and barrel! Passed with 0 Republican votes! #ObamaCareRepeal
Thank you.
All u politicians have no common sense are u on obamacare. If ur not every single one of u in office should be then u can see how good it is
You Demon-rats passed it so you own it!
I hold the crappy Obama care that was forced down everyone's throat responsible!
So you ADMIT in a moment of rare liberal honesty that Obamacare is a failure? Most people figured that out 5 years ago. #Idiot
Dems created it, sold it & then exempted yourself from it, passing it w/o 1 GOP vote. The Dems are responsible for this mess!!!
Bernie? You spent 7 yrs trashing the ACA & Pres. Obama. Stop glomming on-you are not a Dem!#WeSeeYou
Soooo:
1. You admit Obamacare is a failure.
2. You think the American People will "forget" that it passed with ZERO Republican votes.
ACA is a Democrat program . No Republicans voted for it . Dems did nothing about except let it spin out of control !   It belongs to Dems!
That's nice. What can you tell us about Devine and your ties to Russia?
You made this mess. Trump is trying to clean it up.
You voted in ACA, so you're accountable for its failure!  Own up to it.
Unless there might be a ski chalet in it for you? After all a beach house was all it took to screw millions of your supporters, you weasel.
A bill written by and passed 100% by dems with no republican vote, signed by a dem President...hmm. Hate to bust your  bubble, dems own it!
Yeah, it is their fault...all zero of them who voted for it.  #gopoundsand
Remind us what the votes were for ACA? Typical lying socialist :(
your top down insurance plan doesnt work, you allowed special interest and you voted for it,you absolutely own this
Bernie 's wife might be going to prison.
We have to pass it before we can see what's in it ,and you think republicans are responsible? Take Nancy with you and GFYS
You want government to control what coverage and health care the people get. (Charlie Gard) no thanks mr sanders
You think republicans are as bad at math and logic as Dems?  100 percent dem support 0 Republican and Dems aren't responsible?
Nope, the DEMS own the ACA and it is failing.  You don't have any better idea!! Pathetic.
Being unaccountable, not taking responsibility for one's actions, the epitome of dysfunction. Dysfunctional Democrats -redundant
communism won't work in America. Go to Venezuela. obamacare was sold on lies. By the way, you lost big time.
We agree Dems never take responsibility for anything they do that goes bad, simply dodging responsibility and blaming others. @SenSanders
I'd say Bernie is nuttier than a squirrel's turd
If brains was gasoline, there isn't enough to run a piss ants motorcycle 1/2 around a dime.
poor delusional little man!  Dems write it, approved it and they own it!!! Period!!!
You are sadly mistaken.Obama & the Democratic Party built this Failed Farce of a healthcare plan and shoved it down our throats.
Mr. Sanders, trump does not care about, the people, nor letting health care fail OR how many people would die#AS LONG AS HE THINKS HE WINS
People who can't afford insurance are paying 1,000 per month while Illigals suck off our dime. I think you are despicable..
You Sir, are the one of the most VILE, WRETCHED cogs in American politics today.
Why not? You are the idiots that made it law, now own it.
ACA was passed on a party line vote, Dems created this failure and passed it.  They own it's failure.
Losing both houses of Congress and the White House shows who is responsible for ACA.
It is the Dems program that failed. How soon his dementia helps him to forget.
What's the other guess?  It's still being funded in the way you voted and failing.  Is fantasy land fun wish I was there.
I agree! When have the Democrats ever taken responsibility for anything!
Dems had 8 years to get Obamacare right and failed. Dems get blame for giving people shitty Obamacare
You own this bill 100% and refuse to cooperate in any way to end it or fix it. #Trump2020
The guess is on your partas they certainly will - ACA is all Democratics bungle, with socialist help
Is even more stupid than even I imagined!Obamacare,TOTALLY democrats!America knows it,YOU know it,your ignorance is unbelievable
Confused? You meant to say The Democrats will be held responsible. Take a cue from Steve Harvey,
#TRUMP/PENCE2020-2024#MAGA
JESUS IS LORD AND GOD IS IN CONTROL!
@ealDonaldJTrump brags about molesting women. You support a rapist. Don't lecture ANYONE about morality!
What a total loser!!!!!  Got his first paycheck after age 40!, wrote rape fantasies for a worthless rag mag and knows zero
This is some interview. Twin jerks for assistance to government failure. Hoping against their country's success
Sorry to pop your bubble. Democrats will be held responsible.
HEY, OLD GUY... You ADMITTED that Obamacare is a FAILURE. WHO voted for it?  100% DEM, 0% REP. Who's responsible?  #Democrats. Simple. Done.
hey Bernie seems you don't know how to guess. U R to blame  single payer is doubling down on failed Obamacare
What are you going to do when Obamacare fails Bernie? Just like all your socialist ideas.
and people actually support you? Smh, maybe I should move to your state and run against you
At least you finally admitted it's a total fail!
umm NO! U ABSOLUTELY WILL be held accountable 4 destroying #healthcare in America #Dimwits! U all have horrible memories tho!
TIC-TOC
So, Dems wrote it, gave no one time to read it, passed it w/o a Rep vote, but aren't responsible? Typical Dem, fail and blame everyone else.
Nice to see you finally admit that ACA is failure. A Democratic failure at that.
Bernie u r such a liar the ACA was failing before Trump was elected to office but how would u know since y'all exempted your selves from it
Lol... Jesus Christ man.  Bernie is a man of integrity.   Far from a sellout.    Far from pathetic.
Own it Bernie!!! It's been on a downward spiral since the start and now you want to sit back and watch it fail. You are the SWAMP
you will pay the cost of your failure to protect America
Hmm how could that be with no republican voted for it
Shut up, Bernie.  Go steal your neighbor's Sunday paper.

If you don't think Democrats who forced this crap on us don't own it, then Archie Bunker said it best:
Really? Like you and your wife won't be held accountable for bank fraud?
So stupid not one republican voted for it so all demos wear it because you idoits voted it in
Well, Obamacare vs single payer is an outrage!
Are you really that obtuse??
ACA has me paying over 800 dollars a month for my wife and 3 sons alone, this is a failure and barley afford food.
It's time for voter accountability, if elected officials break the law. Shouldn't those that voted 4 them be punished too? Accountability.
Go Bernie! #802
Part of the failure is these health ins companies not participating  bc/b's wants to leave Phila 800 for a basic blood work test
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayerNow #UniversalHealthcare #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
Who's bill is it ?

Congress voted to keep Obamacare. And watch it go down in flames. Just like it was designed to do.
The education level (no college) that needs ACA ALWAYS blames or credits the President for everything, not understanding separation of power
Are you off your meds again pops, you stinkin politicians all own that disaster called Obummer care! Get gov out of health care before I die
Proof positive you have advanced dementia.
Wow tough talk
It's called Karma! What comes around goes around! When your bad, it comes back at you, sooner or later!! This includes the republicans!
I agree. Obama worshippers are far too dense to have a clue as to what actually went wrong. Surely it MUST be the GOP
You live in a delusional world don't you Bernie
Nope... Sorry Bernie it's solely the democrats failure!  They had 8 years to fix it and didn't .  They created it!
Love you Bernie
If not Democrats, then who? Martians? BTW-glad to hear that you agree it's a failure.
Can this guy actually submit an idea to make healthcare better without saying single payer, going on a news network or Twitter tirade?
Bernie let's be honest no one in government is ever held responsible. If they were you might be president.
You are responsible for the ACA, it's is all you Democrats. all you alllllll

My tax doliars pay for this reasoning. Stay out of my pocket.
Bernie Sanders is a joke of a human being lol.
Oh @BernieSanders you were complicit in getting Trump elected. Meh
Should of been a Hillary Bernie ticket
Should of been Bernie
YESSS
Um, well, they did pass it without a single conservative vote....soooo, yeah, they are responsible.
My god you're insane. You voted for this hellhole.
Drop all government healthcare & you get on Obamacare because it is so good. Put your 2 faced money were ur mouth is. #DrainTheSwamp #fake
Feel the Bern, Bombastic Trump! Don't you wish you had the love that Bernie has! 
Bam drop the mike Bernie!
Yes...you will!
In other news Japan not responsible for Pearl Harbor, Nazis not on hook for Holocaust, Vesuvius not cause of Pompeii destruction
Man, that was rough. Rarely I see Bernie that frontal to trump
Mr Sanders, you campaigned on the position that the ACA was flawed and the Democrat legislation needed to be overhauled.  So....
Yes, but he's saying the GOP is sabotaging the ACA. Pulling all support and funding making it impossible to survive.
republicans are responsible due to the FACT that they're in office now. sorry GOP blaming Dems will only get u a like on Twitter
Dems created ACA, take ownership and fix it if you can,  you had 7 years!
ACA has been a beast since day one. I spent hours & hours calling reps before it was passed begging them to NOT pass it. IT'S ALL ON YOU!
Bernie, you'll always have my vote. I also live in VT.
Go Senator Sanders #Never Holds Back #Tells it like it is#Always Has Our Back #The Fight Is On#Never Give Up 
You are absolutely right, Senator Sanders. Thank you for reminding the POTUS what the truth really means to America. He can't do this 2 us.
Except it's not affordable and yes democrats are to blame
So you admit he's your President?
You tell him
you passed it and it is your failure, live with it
The voters will Mr.Sanders
A lot of bs
Of course not. The Democrats NEVER take responsibility for their fuck ups.
Totally disagree should have made improvements along the way disgraceful
Thank you Bernie for standing up and being my voice in the senate.
Pass the buck Bernie. Now Obozo care isn't his failure and the rest of the democrats. You dems will blame your failures on someone else.
This american persons says it (ACA) is, has been and will always be a failure.
Bernie 2020!!! We need you!
Let me guess, the 1%
