
Walk away, Trumptroll.

Hey, @FOSTERD00207614 you're really good at acting like a bot, but are you capable of intelligent conversation? Let's find out.
I have to have someone with common sense before I can have a intelligent conversation!! I Bernie supporter don't have that !!
Big assumption. You don't want healthy debate; you want to shout down opposing views. That's the hallmark of an internet troll.
You're projecting. #TrumpRussia
All true, but he didn't have to mislead voters about your civil rights record.
Are any of you all in Congress gonna answer his call for reparations or nah?
You got to be shittin me we've been paying reparations for 150 goddamn years now one of these people going to stand up on their own two
Lol. Watch what you say. Reparations have only been paid to three groups of people in US history. 1. The Sioux who refused because they want
their land back. 2. Japanese whom were in internment camps and 3. Holocaust victims
It's been so long we don't know who is actually entitled to reparations. Besides there is nothing more to give then what's already given.
I'll be handing over my house, car, boat, vacation home and all other assets to Conyers so he can distribute them. What will YOU do, Bernie?
Why aren't you fascist calling out those radical liberal terrorists for what they are?
Explain how they spread terror.
Any day now they will tie rope around your neck and pull your cheap ass to the ground like that crumpled-paper statue in North Carolina
RepConyers is a Korean War & CivilRightsMove Veteran & has worked tirelessly-even when he knew some projects likely won't pass in his gen--
BUT HE KEEPS WORKING HARD 4 our district that happens 2B 1 of poorest & perennially overlooked districts in US. That dude just don't stop!
Was it one of the poorest when he was elected? And it's still one if the poorest? So he accomplished nothing for the people but he got rich
He's not 'rich' & yes-he has been effective. Lol-he's Rep of DETROIT-Home of Big3-I don't think we care bout HondaDrivers crit of issues-LOL
Sometimes it's just hilarious how ignorant of issues ppl r when mouthing off online. I'm sure u make your district a joy to live in.
B4 u start criticizing a man whos given his entire life 2 improving his hometown/US-in WAR, as a Leader, as Rep-please ask'what hav I done?'
I Dont need to ask what have I done bc I'm not an overpaid congressman that has done nothing for his community except get rich from deaths
Thank you @RepJohnConyers for leading the fight for #MedicareForAll in the House. We are going to win.
I've introduced #HR676, Expanded & Improved #MedicareForAll Act since 2003 and it's now a bicameral effort! 
God bless President Trump.  Keep up the greatwork.  Dems get off your miserable asses and help MAGA
Deep debt is all you know.

Poll of Socialists...

61% live with their parents.…
As a Windsor, Ontario native, been watching Mr. Conyers for decades- he has hung in there for Detroit through some rough years
False. Wife is corrupt. Welcome to Detroit. #kwame #prison
Wrong.  It's all bs.
This country already gave Conyers what he deserves.  He is a U.S. Representative, isn't he?
When times got tough Democrats interned Asian people.  Robert Lee understands times haven't changed much.
Amen
Throwing a little money at the poor  then shove them aside for 4 yrs then send a bus for them to vote is not standing up for them
Times are still tough.
Not to Bernie
Why be petty?
And as a Korean War veteran, the reasoned voice in Congress calling for diplomacy, not war, with North Korea.
Kinda hard when North Korea has a psychopathic tyrant for a leader.
We need some monuments to these great leaders. Resist!
Just stop, we don't build monuments to people. We turn ideas into reality and help people, that is enough.
True but that is all he has done. Ineffective representative of Michigan, Detroit and the black community for the last 40yrs.
Lol. He stood up for nothing, like you, except to make himself rich off of the backs of tax payers. He's done nothing for inner Detroit
You always make me happy. Thank you Bernie!
What a joke!
You do know Conyers is Detroit politics?  Have you seen photos from his reign in social and economic growth?
Thanks John Coners
Yep and he did a great job too Bernie liberal losing hypocrite. Have you been to Chicago lately, what's our poverty level. Bla Bla Bla
How is Venezuela.??

You two are TRUE original gangsters  #Progress
The only racial, social & economic justice is being served up by the Liberals.  U drive a wedge between countrymen w/labels; gender & color!
http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/06/22/bernie-sanders-jane-sanders-lawyer-bank-fraud-investigation-burlington-college-215297 …
Your most fancied word, "gratitude"
Counters has fought the good fight for many years.
Conyers, Autocorrect! Damn you!
UMMMMMMMMMMM
John Conusrs is a racist like Sharpton and Jackson and the Obama's

How's Economic Justice working out in Socialist Venezuela ???
We appreciate both of your work, particularly around new youth jobs bill! Pls check out our latest related report: http://jlc.org/resources/publications/improving-access-career-pathways-philadelphia%E2%80%99s-child-welfare-and-juvenile-ju …
Ask anyone who lives around here. Conyers was, is and always will be a bum.
Bernie, can you update on the FBI Investigation?
It's only been 2 months. I wonder what defense his attorneys are writing now
Conyers should have checked back into the home years ago!!
Who?
What I have been hearing & seeing since the Obama Administration, America is a Racist Country since Divisive Politics came into play.
Credit goes out to ESPN for pushing our agenda. Kicking an Asian announcer off air for having a name of Robert Lee
This is an imperative call to action #OrganizeAndUnite
@SenSanders Have we reached the #InvertedTotalitarian regime platform yet? I think we are nearly there if not already.
Bernie your a disease
Oh PLEEEZE go away Bernie.
Thanks for coming to Portsmouth today

No It Doesn't
When times were tough Bernie you let Hillary defecate all over you!!
Hello mister bernie is for me a pleasure to be able to greet you through these social networks I have always been your admirer
IOWs he stands for socialism.

SENATOR I KNOW ALL ORGANIZED CRIME HAVE UNITED AGAINST ALL! IT IS US AGAINST THEM!
Don't run in 2020
Change your avatar.
EACH OF US IN LIFE HAVE A TASK TO SERVE GOD AND OTHERS !WE EACH HAVE CERTAIN ABILITY TO DO THESE TASKS !IF WE DON'T AT LEAST TRY !WE FAIL!
 a new person to like. 
I grew up in & even my PARENTS have ALWAYS lived in JohnConyers or JohnDingell's districts-2 of longest serving hardest working Reps-&Proud!
Arent u dead yet?
Why aren't you Dems calling trump out for the fascist he is? #Nov4ItBegins
Run for office, win, and then show them how. Forget about legislation, or the Constitution, just yell! Please block me.
HOWS YOUR WIFES BANK FRAUD CASE GOING BERNIE?
wack job Socialists.  just admit it that deep down Commies you guys are.
Ahum http://www.deadlinedetroit.com/articles/4982/john_conyers_can_take_his_louis_farrakhan_apology_and_shove_it#.WZzKI0EpCEc …
#Detroit ... Enough said...
#BankFraudBernie
You should get off all social media, people SURPRISINGLY think you are intelligent and that is not good.  THE COUNTRY WOULD BENEFIT!
Your beating a dead horse just like news and bad politicians are doing for ratings
you owe US a deep debt which we will never forget...http://www.usdebtclock.org/ 
He praised Farrakhan right after he ranted about Jews at a church in Detroit and only apologized after the ADL found out
True Torah Jews are ok. Eternal war Bolshevik can be flushed from USA govt
Democrats are corrupt.
Agreed. Back then,  some DEMS were still noble. Now they're all joint smokers and masked thugs burning property.
Thank you both.

[citation please]
Very strong Senator you doing very standing great job thank you American people proud of you everyday thank you our great senator sanders
thoughts on the kyrie trade, dad?
The way you worded that, I thought he died for a second.
