Ironically increasing the minimum wage would make this problem even worse.
Actually giving working class more money would spur economic growth as they would spend and demand would rise.
The companies have to accommodate for a minimum wage increase so they'd either need to lay people off or expect more productivity
Productivity has risen for decades without wages going up and corps have seen record profits. They can survive with paying a living wage.
businesses and low skilled workers. Secondly, why should the corporations give more money than what one's productivity is worth?
Secondly, why should huge multinationals(mc'd, walmart etc) rely on gov programs to make up for the lack of pay they give their employees?
In what way do they?
Lol says the generations who got highly subsidized college and gov workers program for unemployed .
And a high minimum wage by %! Food was naturally organic and if u were broke u could sell lemonade without getting arrested. #TheyHadItEasy
Bosses "smacking their asses" is something they should respect and appreciate? 0.o The shame your parents inflicted on U must have be great.
A survey by the Fraser Institute found a median wait of 20 weeks for “medically necessary” treatments and procedures in 2016  in Canada
Ive been waiting 2 years here in the U.S. & I still can't afford it. Canadians r smart & care about having a strong, healthy population.
Sing that song to Bill Clinton and the other democrats that sent U.S. companies to Mexico. YOU are responsible for jobless youth.
Appreciate your seeing this issue as vitally important. Thank you
I don't allow my kids to work.   I'm strongly against child labor and I will not have a 9 year old get a job.
My son is 20, high school grad, college student, no criminal record, good kid, can't get hired to save his life. #toomuchcompetition
It's ok.. Bernie will solve this by raising min wage.. Making it even more of a daunting task to find employment
Hmmm. High rate of youth unemployment? Only in cities and states that increase the minimum wage. Are you people really this stupid?
Replace the 'Goals' Project in the educational system first.
Have allowed r country 2 fill w/people that shouldn't b here 4 various reasons. What was the expected result? Never thought about it, right?
high youth unemployment /unemployment rate, not come for recently months why not blame previous administrations
get them ur daughters deal    https://twitter.com/peddoc63/status/894873199929896960 …
So stand behind @SenTomCotton. You've harped on low-skilled visa abuse for years.
Stop overtaxing & sending our companies to other countries! Then we'll have jobs with good health benefits.
Yeah, that tends to happen when illegal government price-fixing on labor prices them out of the market. #fail
Bernie you and all the Democrats are a party of hate and fraud. Hang it up .
Didn't hear your voice when it mattered. His right to run as an Independent.
if u posted the actual #'s on unemp it would help. plenty of jobs, they want free. unemp is lowest in decade!! keep the lies coming!!
it's easy to solve this issue ,together with your government:easy environmental employments, low taxes ....
Photoboys
He and others yelling for a minimum 15 dollar/hr wage caused youth unemployment.
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/repjohnconyers/status/892450064035184641 … (Ranked 11th for Aug 1.)
Thank you somebody needed to get the ball rolling on this. MIAMI, FL NEEDS JOBS BAD
Encourage the building of supermarkets in food deserts, this will help employment and solve other issues in poor communities
The youth unemployment is an epidemic!..so let's raise minimum wage and price them out of employment..
Bernie has no problem w/ @benandjerrys using underpaid, badly treated, stuffed too many in trailers, illegal migrants for their operations.
If young folk don't have promise now, our jails will be full later.
Cuts to the Dept of Education led by a "pay to play" DeVos has undermined the potential of our youth for a viable future!
Thank you for actually representing the needs of your constituents and for being a genuinely good person. We millennials respect integrity.
Duh. Where you been???
Interesting that without #capitalism there would be NO jobs, regardless of your education.
So how do you solve youth unemployment and also raise min wage to $15..? Asking for a friend with a brain..
One thing at a time! You think we can fight AGAIN for #medicareforall or the truth is PArty not having it! #feelthebernOUT
Then don't promote the $15 fight! This is the youth employment opportunity, ppl should move up by hard work, not stay there
"Youth unemployment is too high. Let's make it more expensive to hire them!"

-Bernie
Raise minimum wage!!! Blind looking for the blind. GOOD LUCK!
Hahahaaanhaha!!!! More socialism!!!
If jobs would start paying a living wage people would want to work
Re-instate the Draft.  Mandatory!
He is always looking out for the unfortunate, I love Bernie 
that is a mouth full @DNC creating jobs I don't see it
Raising the minimum wage is crucial. You can't even pay for community college part time tuition and eat at current minimum wage.
The problem began with the systematic removal of quality education, and the repeatedly updated 'Goals' programming.
Step 1. End the minimum wage. Just study history of progressivism. It'll all make sense.
Typical #worthlesscareerpoliticians.
Great idea. Here is the result of a $15 minimum wage.
First, you might have to give training to them, who you are trying to give everything to them for "free", to show up for work!
Capitalism is an epidemic, unemployment is just a symptom. Employers want to combine many jobs into one position for little pay
Class disparity. All the bullshit lies by those who lead, the amount of RAMPANT CORRUPTION, its no wonder the youth are disenchanted!
Because All Of Our Jobs Are Overseas Or Are Being GIVEN To Foreigners Over Americans. Not Even Merit Based! So So Sad!
Thank you both for your leadership on this, universal health care, and more! Wish more were like you.
You Liberal Losing Hypocrites, CREATE JOBS by helping President Trump instead of all this Jibber Jabber!
Youth unemployment is YOUR doing. No one else's fault. YOUR fault.  Nice work.
business and govt has had 40yrs to take a reasonable minimun wage away and benifit from it. they'll adjust
If we didn't force everyone to work till 68 years old there would be more jobs for young people.
It has to do with to high minimum wage! The purpose of minimum wage is for entry level training at low risk to employers!
We love you both, -OurRevolution

#SinglePayer would go a long way towards helping this succeed, and in a a responsible way so youth aren't exploited.#HR676 #JobsJusticePeace
That's because 30-40yr olds are taking their jobs at Burger King & MD and then asking for min wage increase
...just got back from Aus & NZ and all fast food workers are under 25. When did USA make those career jobs?
I hope Sanders will listen to you.
We need cheaper tuitions in the whole colleges of the 50 states not just in New York and we need less inflation to employ more youths.
Thank you. Bernie would have won
@robdelaney gotta get the youth working in slavery (Minimum wage) before they figure out how shit life is!
What did you just wake up from a nap. 8 years of Obama already fixed this.
So why are you pushing the increase of minimum wage, which has caused a lot of this???
Paying people 7 an hour is causing this? Explain
Yes. Especially black youth unemployment, which was lower than white youth unemployment prior to minimum wage laws. Unskilled are 1st 2 go.
Aunt Esther said it best "Shut up you old sockeyed fool"
Make it happen, Rep. Conyers
High youth unemployment ONLY???
I'm not going to feel sorry for the entitled millennial youth who are likely living at home mooching off mom and dad. #firstworldproblems
You do know the reason why youth unemployment is so high don't you? Government not keeping its hands away from Min wage increases.
Between the two of you you have not one-half an idea on what it takes to create ( non-made up) jobs. You are true economic no-nothing's.
We have to create more jobs for the youths and to do that we need to create more free colleges with free intuitions not only in New York.
youth not working because hand them everything, you should concentrate teaching a trade to students who aren't interested in desk jobs
Just another talk but no action lib elite BS
You want more jobs, hunh? You must love Trump right now.
Start by having them get off of their phone, respect authority, show up on time, and strive to not suckle on the government teat.
Grown ups are doing that as much as youth....smh
Oh look another socialist demo-liar out 2 rob r youth of freewill & freedom 2 make them rely on corrupt government 2 control them dependent
Pride is delusion. Patience be with us.
When did @SenSanders get his 1st job?

What have you done for the last decades to fix this. Now we must have another false program that goes nowhere.
So true
Return vocational education programs! Team up with businesses to train! keep illegals and immigrants OUT bc they take Americans jobs!
Sadly there are 2 many people on this planet. China is actually running out of Women, because the Males are more revered.
The kids U turn down a job to, are going to be the kids in the future who will make decisions for all of us.
Support young people in building their own businesses. The future of employment may be making a living without a job! #StartupDay
Not just unemployment, but poor job options in general!
Thank you Representative Conyers.
#BoycottVideoGames
Yeah more socialism will fix it Bernie! Feel the Bern
LOL, pretty sure Conyers wouldn't need/want such labels. I'm sure they worked in Congress together many years though.
