Wait until everyone gets to see what socialized health care is like. I don't want to hear anyone whining about it.
Not to mention how much the tax levy will be! 
Single payer systems have proven themselves as the most efficient in the world. Yeah, your taxes go up. No shit. You end up saving $ anyway
I pay about $350 per month for my employer provide plan.  I can still have my plan in socialist medicine, but taxed to pay for yours.
However, if we both need a surgical procedure, guess who'll be first in line? Me. So how is that fair to anyone?
How would you be "first in line?" Because you paid extra?
That's an ethical issue that exists in ANY system, including the current one so...
It's the same in US with insured and Medicaid. Same situation, just bigger pile of people waiting. Nothing will ever change this.
That's a cute anecdote.
Any actual evidence or you gonna keep spouting bullshit?
Now let's make it national!
Not every state wants to be a socialist state. In particular, mine.
Having healthcare-for-all doesn't make a socialist state.
Uh, yes it does... socialized medicine is what you'll have, no matter what ribbon you put on it...
Then what do you call medicare, medicaid, the VA & subsidized emergency rooms? In Canada we have full deal & pay much less, so terrible lol
I pay into Medicare with every paycheck. VA is only for Veterans, not for all.  Medicaid is an abused, over-used government handout.  Next?
Medicare for all would be same thing. VA is still socialized medicine you hate so much. Every system can be abused, doesn't negate benefit.
Who said I hated socialized medicine.  Not me. I just don't think it's successful as is in US today. I think states should decide theirs.
@MarcelleBarkley Is the "right" to own/carry a gun more important than the "right" to be alive and healthy?
Not at all. But I had to pay for my guns and the license to carry. Same thing for my health care. I don't see the point?
So you DO believe healthcare is a right!  Ha!
No, I think it's a privilege in our society, but a privilege that should be given to all, rather than an entitlement.
Also, anyone can get a gun and pay permit fees, but people's can't get insurance due to preexisting conditions.
Employer plans don't exclude. Private, Depending upon what condition, most people can get coverage, but they'll have to pay more $$.
Employer plan may make you wait a period of time, but will eventually cover all preexisting.
And you think all wage earners have employee coverage?  They work 39 hours a week for no benefits.  Get real!
8.7% uninsured but let's wreck system for majority & taxpayers instead of addressing minority w/out insurance. Taxpayers leaving NY already
I do think that was exactally what Hillary wanted.
No. She didn't fight for it. And she convinced most of her followers it couldn't be done.
She also said, "What difference at this point does it make?!" #Benghazi
It seems many of you will sell this country out just to try to stay right.
It's not about being "right". It's about recognizing integrity or a lack thereof.
One has to know who is right. Ok I think Comet didn't lie and Trump does often. Better? I feel Trump is bad for this country.
California's on the cusp of single payer health care as well. We need to get this going in every state. #MedicareForAll
Why not just focus on making YOUR state a socialist state, and leave the rest of the states alone.
It's not socialist.  Please study what socialism is.
This is what it means to resist. This is what a revolution looks like.
Actually, this is what socialism looks like, but go ahead.
No, this is Democratic Socialism, there is nothing wrong with it. Socialism doesn't exist, you wld know that if you understood politics.
Liberal babble.
@pamster2009 @commondreams We had the chance to do this years ago when President Obama was working to provide health care for US
Hey Bernie why did Vermont fail to get single payer going? Was it Because of the crippling cost and damage it does?
Congrats to you continuing to not understand simple economics
Looks like it's about time to defund Medicare/Medicaid for NY. Poor sheeple don't realize dangers of big gov't.
What happened to "states' rights"?
It's just in the state of NY. I'd like for each state to be able to decide. If you don't like the plan, you can move to another state.
1st! Repair 3 scientific betrayals #AMA #HHS OK's WRONG options for #pain; Stop cannibalizing bone! Drugs only pacify! Muscles demand #PT
This is what we need for all.  Get it done Senator
In case you haven't noticed, he isn't known for getting things done #RollCallVoteKing
Something positive wow. Turn this on and get rid of the negative
We need to get a senator in Oregon who will fight for this too! Who will primary @RonWyden ? A Dem who cares about the people, not money!
You should be thanking Seth Rich for uncovering the DNC plot to against you.
Well that's kinda hard to do since he was murdered
Not as hard as you might think.
Has Hillary taken credit for this yet? Don't worry…it's coming
She's trolling YouTube to find the best video to blame it all on
They need to go to the White House and teach them how to do this
Obama had 8 years - thank God he is the failure we all knew he was.
Get educated!President Obama tried 2do many things.The racist Republicans would not let him.They took a vow when he was elected 2 block him.
He did nothing but separate the country and make us into a third world country with anti law and order rhetoric he was the racist.
Racist? Anti law and order? That was/is not President Obama. That is most definitely trump
You really need to look at the history of the past 8 years with Obama - total disaster. You say it's President Trump - please proof it.
Rewatch campaign videos u will see him inciting/encouraging violence.Makkong fun of the handicapped.Banning a religion.Obama NEVER did this.
Where as Obama just said the police acted stupidly (Cambridge) Or Ferguson - He could have been my son or invite terrorist BLM to WH
When did healthcare become a "right"?!?!? What's next - single payer water? Food? Cars? Ben&Jerry's? @SenSanders go fix Venezuala 1st.
Healthcare has always been a right. When did being American mean your a selfish cunt?
No need for the salty language. Show me where in the constitution. Food a right also? Water? Housing? Transportation? A super-model wife?
You are saying to me that a child who cant afford cancer treatment should suffer because it is not in a 200 year old piece of paper?
It's more than a 200 yo piece of paper. Its the foundation of what our country is built on. U can continue paying those huge taxes in AU.
You realise is 2017 right? And your worshipping a piece of paper that was around before needles were invented? Dumb cunt
Asked u already to watch the language. Really showing ur maturity. AU is soooo great u had to come to USA?
I watch the language if you loose the constitution bs- we are talking about peoples lives. US Gov do not care about you anyway
Everyone move to NYC.
I'm still feeling the Bern and I am so glad to see the Trump Party coming to an end..
.
Can we have some of that in Florida? So jelly
Single payer healthcare has to involve reduction in cost of healthcare. Otherwise it is just a transfer of power
"AI"=artificial intellience, NOT artificial insemination.
Like self-driving cars and AI, it's the only way. Also like them, scares people to death.
Yes!
Government monopoly on a service will always make things worse.
..thx, but uh, coattails.. hop off um.. and nxt time u think u wanna run 4prez, stay true 2urself & stay an indpndnt.. cuz u fckd evrythn up
@516carmelo @commondreams @gop @RepGoodlatte why can't we all have this. So simple. Unbelievable!  #NewYork rocks
Will NY allow private insurance and private hospitals for the rich? If it does then will you condemn the lie?
The soon to be bankrupt NY- hope to God the Feds don't bail out these progressive sink holes
Communist and Nazi. GOD is in charge and no one else. He will  render judgment to  every person according to their works.
https://vimeo.com/216510016  13yr old girl 3x leukemia fighter fearful of healthcare future. Plz share!
Great start! #Universalhealthcare
Since it's so hard using Medicare, & much is out of pocket (&Medicaid cuts!), this will get messy & disappointing. Hope it turns good.
Did you have a single payer for your vacation home?
Now the pressure is on the Senate. Everyone in NYS  is watching you, senators!!!
Because stealing people's money under threat of force to pay for others who didn't earn it is a great thing to do.
Single payer ins. Is not socialism its progressive democracy.  The people still pay into the system its not free..its just fair
Of course it's socialism, I don't know why that word has been demonized, pooling money for the greater good just like schools etc.
We need this nation wide!!!
When can we expect your single payer bill?
SEEMS BERNIE HAS A LOT TO SAY--YET CONTRIBUTES NOTHING! ZERO, ZILCH, THE BIG DONUT!
Go NY!
Thank you, Bernie!!! @DickGottfried @nynurses @NYHCampaign @PNHPNYMetro @PNHP
Single Payer = Gov Socialist controlled Healthcare! This is WRONG for America!
Take Your socialism & leave the USA
large thanks to your campaign Bernie and your continued activism since. I will always think "if only"regarding you
Go for it! You leftists keep standing on the neck of the working class!
You won't see the state of Nevada do you that they like to oppress their citizens if they give all the tax breaks to the big companies
That seems to be the best possible healthcare for all solution. Why is it taking us so long to realize this!!
Wait? Hill didn't do this?
Thanks to you.
Thats like moving ahead a single payer food system for one State. Common Sense says "What were you thinking"?
The state is broke and people are fleeing funny thing about leftist liberals they always say it's going to be great until it sucks.
Ain't gonna happen commie
Expanding Medicare for all is the only answer 2 the health care crisis. No excuse for the USA 2 not have best health care system in the .
Yea New York higher taxes just what you needed. Paying for people who could pay in the first place. Who needs money
Oh that's awesome!
Thank you NY
maybe I'll move to NY.,..
#liberallove #healthcareforall
That's the only health care bill that should be on the table. I have been waiting for 35 years. GO Bernie
On to the senate, whew we need two more votes to pass the bill.
Love people complaining when just moments before they screamed "Back off Feds and let states make their laws!"
So they did. 
Stop crying
Wow congrats
good! Every state should make the choice to do this.
It should not be mandated by federal government
Enjoy the county facilities!!
Awesome. One state steps up to prove single payer will work better in America and maybe we are finally on our way.  Love ya, Bernie!
Great spend taxpayers  $$$$$$ because your governor want to run for President.  It only free if your not the one paying for it.
Socialist NY. In the end, NY'krs will be paying for everyone who chooses not to work for any reason.
It won't work but ok
Awesome for NY!  You need higher taxes for all!!
Well, at least this state is showing leadership. There's hope for other states and the GOP . . .
We are tired of Washington and you stealing our money you will have the same health insurance as the taxpayers this is just starting game on
Wow! Politicians that understand morality,let alone addition and subtraction! Amazing! What took them..oh, Wall St. Believe it when I see it
This is going to be a new fight everybody that receives a salary from the taxpayers will have The same healthcare as the taxpayers!!!
Bernie - Did you submit your healthcare Bill yet ?? All Americans are entitled to the same healthcare YOU AND ALL POLITICIANS RECEIVE.
....that won't pass, and would bankrupt the state if it did.
Let's go state by state
i love New York!
Anyone who thinks health, water, food, and shelter- along with freedom and liberty -are not necessities and shouldn't be the concern of all
Are not in touch with the reality of the human condition, what brought us here, or what will save us : transcendence of current humanity
If one is so ignorant and hateful to deny those who need help, even if it is possible to do so, show the same lack of spirit as the elites
Who would subject any and all to a destiny of mediocrity, suffering, and vice. We need to reclaim our planet with every virtue we have!
Yes!
We can't fix empathy by single payer health care. Too bad anyone who does oppose single payer.
Congratulations to the deeply corrupt state that is home to Wall Street, and beneficiary of its ill gotten gains. National single payer now
Communists
HOORAY! Rationed healthcare and robbing people at gunpoint to pay for it! #progress
Fantastic!
Where is Vermont on this issue?? Get out of everyone else's problem and pick up a shovel. Are your 4 houses solar only? WHY THE FK NOT ?
Bravo
America - you have NO idea what you have been missing - Universal healthcare is legit!
YOU deserve the credit for getting these guys to even consider it. Thank you for all you do!
Thank you, Senator Sanders!
Passing Single Payer will help #OurRevolution.
I will keep my NYS camping reservation!! Have decided not to punish blue states.  Will only boycott red states.
Why does the "left" want to chained up?  Our forefathers left a country of tyranny for freedom. But noooo, you WANT a tyrannical government.
will be a good test for the country because New York is huge. Let's see how the $ vs health care quality work out over the next 5 - 10 years
Congratulations on free healthcare and free tuition. And SCREW THE TAX PAYERS AGAIN. TAX PAYERS ARE ABOUT 2 GET HAMMERED!! MASS EXODUS BY NY
Such an obvious step in right direction. So slow to learn the best practices from other countries.
Note to New Yorkers get the hell out of there
Finally some progress!
Nice to see positive things happening!! Must remain optimistic
. May it please Giaia, that the PTB will Little Note or try to strike down, that which may offer our Best Succor.
Yes please!
Thank you New York for taking this big step for our country 
I think some people are getting 'investigation' mixed up with 'convicted'. Best wishes to your wife Bernie, whatever's going on.
Keep drinking Jim Jones...trumps KoolAid. It full trace shit minerals.
I'm not sure what you're trying to say to me there, but whatever the drugs are they're not working.
awesome for the people of ny!!!  now for the rest of the country!!
I wish Illinois would follow, but we won't with Rauner at the helm.
Errbody wanna be Canada.
They'll feel funny if all the hard working people left town because they don't want to support the slackers.
A single-payer healthcare system is fiscally viable ONLY on a state level since states must balance their budgets.
great ny can have that.  They can use the monies from the govt for states choices under the new health care law.
@markoicu @MarcelleBarkley @real1gaming @RalphSchiano @djl4752 @yanquetino @JennyGShao @wkeith1964 single-payer healthcare ≠ socialism
Way to go NY
Agreed, MUST, MUST control prices. USA pays 5/6 x more for drugs than other countries. Big pharma OWNS Congress. That must stop.
no 1000's of percent more mate. Insulin in America after insurance is hundreds a month - insulin in Australia - (we dont do insuance) $4
Exactly, big pharma pays lawmakers not to regulate, they charge all they want
Its disgusting mate. My sons insulin in America is 3000 for 3 months - I can get the same for the price of a happy meal in Australia
New York will be going bankrupt.
Congrats to NY.  Costs will skyrocket and care will decline,
Bernie I truly hope you personally fund this nightmare.
@HuffPost @politico I'm sure you meant to say "incompetence and corruption before profits".
Keep going NYS
If only we could get Universal Healthcare...
I can't wait to see the #Progressive activist, and self-proclaimed leader of the #Resistance claim credit 4 another "pie in the sky" plan.
Hey Bernie, isn't your wife under investigation for bank fraud.
RT #DraftBernie #DNCFraudLawsuit #FeelTheBern #climatechange #TYTsucks #NoDAPL #BlackLivesMatter #DemExit #Trumprussia
#Bernie2020
We need this for the entire country. Hope this is the start of new momentum in a national movement.
this is why we #DumpCuomo
@GovInslee @washdems 
Let's do this in Washington!
#MedicareForAll
Congratulations; another step toward democracy
but  but  but what about the BILLIONAIRES???  They might not get more $$$?
Maybe need to move
Medicare for all . Universal health care to all USA citizens is a solution! This is a humans right isssue! Wake up USA!
Get the profit out of healthcare
If America ever got its hands on universal coverage, you'd never get it away from us again. It so completely rocks. I've experienced it.
Rethugs know that, which is why they never want to let us have it in the first place! #MedicareForAll
Absolutely true. Like the way they railed against Mcare B4 it came to be, scaring everyone. Now TRY to wrestle it away. Universal is awesome
Yes!!
Yay.!
California next...and so on to all Blue States.
Right and then the State bankruptcy's begin.
What the heck kind of morons are running this state? Does anyone see what this kind of stupidity is doing in Venezuela?
Let's not forget about the free market wonderland known as Somalia! REALLY small government there and they're doing GREAT!!! 
Way to take the lead.
Right - called leading from behind
You make Americans LAZY!!!
yeah fuck poor people with cancer am i right?
God continue to bless NY
That's why everyone is moving out of New York State in record numbers. Why is it most liberal states have highest cost of living?
Because they have employed citizens & decent wages? Why R red states the biggest recipients of the social programs blues states taxes pay 4?
Ding sing ding u are correct!
Great! I think socialism should be decided state to state. So glad I live in the Republic of Texas!
Great Christian values in texas! Jesus said, I'm sorry I can't heal you that's a pre existing condition! Praise the insurance companies!
So glad I don't live in NY. Saving a ton on moving costs because I'd be out of the POS so fast
Fabulous!!! Thrilled!! Now we might have a chance here in Florida!!
Florida doesn't need it.  2-reasons. 1. How will they pay without a state income tax? 2. The have Medicare. 
Welcome to bankruptcy!!!
#Democratsareoutoftouch
We're screwed.
Thank God! At least we can start to stop the treasonous Republicans who are obstructing and covering for Czar Trump with the Tax cut !
Seriously. Too much koolaide.
AMEN 
Which will bankrupt the state.
It's as if the states are governing themselves like Trump told them to...
You're like one tweet away from anoiting St. Trump.
Another failed program by a liberal administration! Bern, how that Bank Fraud investigation against your wife going?
OK, now my state needs that!! Good Luck with that though, I am from Wisconsin.
Feel free to move to NY.
Recognize what is happening here. Cuomo wants to run for Pres in 2020. Already pal'd up w Sanders for free college, now single payer-Get Pic
No, they don't.  Sheep.
NYS is 1 of most liberal,highly taxed States in US w largest outflow of ppl of any state- all will continue w this follie
Include yourself. Bye!
and the limitation of care will commence.  Doctors will move from the state now that the state controls pricing and delivery.
That's awesome amd maybe Ronald chump has something on that one point only letting states put their own one payer system in place calis next
やるだけ、我らは、死のうでは、ないか？心無しで
See the pushback to death of ACA has begun
Looking forward to your departure among them.
Can we have this in PA pls :)
Or you could just move to New York.
Can't leave my family behind and I still like the state.
Bravo! 
How's you're crooked wide doing with the Bank Fraud charges?
Congratulations. States rights work.
This is exciting and positive news. #babysteps
For Socialist.
Good for you guys
at the cost of the tax payer which you aren't you pos
And how this an accomplishment I could pay for a healthcare plan now that would cover everything I need even hearing aids if I had the money
Great another heavy tax state and spend
Hush gramps, we'll save you from yourself.
Its about time!.
Who's tax dollars will pay for it
