GIVE US A BREAK BERNIE, WHICH PARTY DECIDED TO NOT DO ANYTHING ABOUT DACA? IT WAS THE DEMOCRATS!
#45 is a mean spirited angry Man with no sense of moral decency to do the right thing to people who see USA as their country. #DECA

Sanders is fraud.
Are you serious BS? You obviously do not know your history, as well as the last "Presidents" decisions while in office.   Stop WHINING!
I’m guessing there are some in Hiroshima and Nagasaki that would say otherwise but who am I to argue with your infallible logic...
Bernie you are a jagoff! STFU
Tell jane to stop eating our lunches! #burlingtoncollege
You're always extending a helping hand to (mental) midgets
E-trey just needs a hug
That'd help squish this out
Trump gave you guy's a chance to do something, and you did nothing. So now Trump is gonna do something, and you start crying, Just Do Your Job Bernie.
How many of them do you have working on your yard? You and your buddies created this mess year's ago, we have to protect our Nation. Trump tried to make a deal on Immigration with you Lib's, you didn't like and voted it down, it's you Bernie and your buddies that are hurting them
Bullshit! Obama's illegal creation of #DACA was. Since when do people get a pass at an USA constitutional law? I sure as hell don't.
Can we deport you? these people came here when they were KIDS! So you wanna kick people out who no other country then the US. Sad like trump
I'm wondering where the line is? So people can just come here have kids and stay? Or are we deporting the law breaking parents w/o the kids
Trumps wives did
They were documented and became legal. Big difference. At least come up with a mature argument.
and what is your problem with these people being here?? Really what is the problem?? They taking something from you??? You're humanity??
when in reality we stole this land...... So.. who are you to say who can be here?? It was never ours in the first place.
lol Bernie really. Mmm camps for United States Citizens with Japanese heritage by FDR?  Yeah maybe you should rethink Bern
Also there are so many other more terrible decisions passed by other presidents than this. What a liar.@SenSanders is the best at propaganda
Stop making speeches and wagging your finger - do your job for once
The way I understand it is the president ended the program telling congress to pass a law to protect them. This rhetoric is ridiculous.
Well, Bernie, had it been YOU running against Trump, we probably wouldn't be in this mess. 
What makes you think #Bernie would've won? The reason we're in this mess is too many #BERNIEorBUST people refused to vote for #Hillary.
She had EVERYTHING set up in her favor! And she still lost! Why? Not because of Bernie or bust
Yes, because of #BERNIEorBUST. Had his entire zealous set voted for #Hillary it may have been enough 2 get past the frivolous e-mail scandal
We didn't vote for Hillary because that's not who we wanted to become president.
agree
Well then enjoy Trump and live the consequences. Hope you are more happy with him cause that what you got!
The only consequence so far is the liberal psychos losing their minds on a daily basis. YOU GUYS are the worst part of the Trump victory.
Why did you vote against the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Bill of 2007 which would have protected these very Dreamers?
Bernie is a hypocrite and a seasoned politician. He goes whatever way the strongest wind is blowing.
And the sad thing is he go Sessions to do his dirty work. 45 not man enough to hold a press conference to end DACA #45 is a Real Idiot.
Sessions did his job, PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP delegated his authority, that's what you do in the private sector. OBAMA'S wouldn't understand.
The American dream is for Americans!! Not illegals taking our jobs and the benefits of b'ing a true AMERICAN 
The "American Dream" was made by immigrants that were trying to make a better life for themselves, no different from today.
Do u really want ppl sneaking into the USA illegally with diseases and maybe violent backgrounds? I don't. I have children 
Sorry, I forgot that all immigrants were bad people and Americans are all Saints who don't have diseases
Who said that?
Bernie shu7d stay in soviet union  being a communist what is he doing here He does not like law and order Poor chap has to wait for 8years
He is a Socialist with a Party Agenda to inflict on our freedom and laws.
Bless you for continuing to fight against Trump & his cruelty. He is un-American, he is a disgrace. Dreamers are the future of this country!
So he needs to cough up all the $pesos$ they paid out 4 programs they will never benefit from so get those numbers now
as he speaks from ONE OF HIS MANY mansions
hypocrite B.S.
We trust that you will do your utmost, Sir, to convince all Senators to allow present DACA to stand.  Thank you so much for your conscience.
what about my aunt who came from germany who married my uncle who fought for this country who had to paid 25 hundred dollars to get her here
No, the ugliest decision was HC and Obama rigging dnc primary, cheating ALL Americans of democracy.
FDR interment camps?
Yeah except for fdr internment camps and wilson's military segregation laws.


If potus can pardon "sheriff"Joe; then potus can pardon the DACA young people!
how? They are not legal! DACA was an unconstitutional band aid. Congress has refused to do their job for the past 8 years.
Go bernie sanders FEEL THE BERN
I guess interning people without due process isn't as bad? Or does FDR get a pass because he was a Democrat?
Get something into your liberal head.obama started this mess,MyPresident is following the law.The more you bad mouth him,the worse it will b
no,  treasonous plot against a duly elected president by an outgoing president is. BO collaborated w HRC to sabotage elections
bla...it was an exec. order not made by our law makers...so, let's make it law! Obama exec. orders bad decision. Was about special interest
Quit crying about it!
alright, have you written your senator to support such a law? What would such a law look like?
Yes I actually have...but a smarter solution of repatriation...immagrants needs to respect our laws.
These people don't have an option to comply with the law. There is no path the citizenship for them.
Creating and ignoring laws should not be the path. You would respect a foreign law of another country.
how can they respect the law? Physically how is it possible for them to do this?
Their parents should have respected the law, yea it's not their fault. Obama should not have bi-passed the constitution! Blame him.
Wrong! The cruelty belongs to @POTUS44 who enacted a "deferred action" program in 2012 and did nothing to pass legislation to make it perm.
Wrong. He did send such legislation to congress and they failed to pass it.
So making a unilateral EO makes it right? He established a mess and #Congress is now forced to 'act'.
He did what he could since congress wouldn't act. And since you asked, it was morally the right thing to do.
Yes it's the right thing if your objective is to be a welfare state for the world. He should have persisted to get real immigration reform!
If you will remember...we were blessed with a do-nothing Congress for eight years. They refused to work with Obama and the Dem's.
And they're still a do nothing Congress. #RepealAndReplaceCongress !!
What does this even mean? Nonsense statement.
Now Hilary Clinton is blaming you?! Sad! She needs to take responsibility her cheating against you is what got Donald trump elected.
Did you vote for #HillaryClinton after #Bernie lost to her? If not, you & everyone voting 3rd party rather than her is how we got #Trump.
Trump is trying to break the"Worst President Ever" record and succeeding beautifully!!
Socialism will not work in THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
it is called compassion!
So, worse that FDR sending thousands of Japanese Americans to internment camps???  Really?? You are old, but cannot believe you’re that senile!
Quit being a drama queen Bernie. It was unlawful for Obama to let DACA happen. I didn’t see the Democratic Party doing much to save DACA during the Budget agreement.
Why don’t you try getting votes the old fashion way, by doing what’s right for ACTUAL CITIZENS OF THIS COUNTRY! DACA was an executive order disaster!
Shove it Bernie - your party has always hated us Hispanics
By dropping #DACA does that take away citizenship from those born here? Or does this only effect children brought here by their parents?
Maybe you should do your job and make a legal program! DACA is violation of the law. This is on Congress not Trump! #ObamaScrewedUp
Trump could choose to try and change daca and not eleminate it. He could use it to bring the country together instead of dividing us.
That's what he did! 1- Congress has 6 months 2- if they drop the ball he will re look at it. Listen to everything
He has drawn the line in the sand. When u could have used it to show sympathy and empathy he gave fear and resentment

3.  responsible for crafting the laws that determine how and when noncitizens can become nat­uralized citizens of the United States.
1. @BernieSanders  - do you understand anything about YOUR job ? 
YOUR BRANCH of government was given months to draft legislation, including a pledge from #POTUS to provide a pathway to citizenship for 1.8 million 

So, please read the constitution and spare us the fake outrage
Well, YOU could have been President but your own party hosed u and yet you still shill for them
They’re not legal, get off the LEGAL status! It was an illegal EO. He gave Congress a timeline and the Dems refused to deal. Stop with the lies!
Bernie is just pissed he will have to find a new landscaper to mow his lawn

Well shit. I thought it was Obamacare
and here I thought FDR interned american citizens of japanese descent. stupid me.
I bet you feel pretty stupid right now.
2.  Article I, Section 8, clause 4 of the Con­stitution entrusts the federal legislative branch with the power to “establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization.” This clear textual command for uniformity establishes that the federal government, specifically Congress, is
Senator, you are the one demanding we obey all laws that promote higher taxes and socialist programs you love, then demanding U.S. Immigration Law just be ignored because you need voters!
It was the right decision..
Hows that FBI investigation going against your CROOKED Wife?
Good. Eat it gramps.
That’s simply because you didn’t win. You’d have won the award for sure.  Have you opened any of your homes to help the immigrants?  Seeing as how they sit empty most of the time.
SHUT UP. YOU LOST BERNIE. Feel the BURN.
Hey @BernieSanders Are you allowed to comment on #AwanGate the #SpyRingInCONgress ? TheEVIDENCE is out It just needs a VOICE
i cant hear you
This is terrible, yes, but I cant help feel like this is just another distraction, silver lining: grassroots are now the norm! Look out DNC
dnc... are they still around
In bot-form only 
Well to start all of your money. You know to pay for all the free stuff, unless u are a receiver of said free stuff. #myhunch!!
Under Trump we get a free wall, under Sanders we get free health care and education. Which one would you choose for you and your kids?

Even the young people going to school. They have earned the right to be citizens
Oh and Democrats involvement in the ASSASSINATION of President John Kennedy
Instead of crying about...DO something about it! .... it's always someone else's fault isn't it!
Wrong Bernie. DACA was not supported by a law.  Trump simply took Obama's illegal end run around Congress and asked them to pass a law.
Mr. Sanders, you need to brush up on that thing called the United States Constitution
.@SenSanders uses the Constitution the way hillbillies use a corn cob.  #Venezuela rock, btw.
Bernie you are the democrats leader why have you been quiet for so long??????????? Next president let's go!
Bernie. Trump is doing what your savior Obama should have done 4 years ago. Quit being a swamp tool!!!

Considering that DACA was about to be shot down by the 5th Circuit.  But, here's this for ya . . .
What the media doesn't want you to remember .@BarackObama @billclinton "We are a nation of immigrants but we are a nation of laws" #DACA 
Apparently @SenSanders thinks modern US history began in 2017.
#SocialismSucks
#BigGovSucks
#FeelTheFraud
Really bern? 4 letters: FDR-D
You only care about illegals and trannys, start caring about Americans!!!!
No it isn't. Stop being dramatic.
Japanese-American internment during WWII was far worse. Others, like Iran-Contra and Iraq, arguably so.
What was cruel was to give dreamers false hope with an unconstitutional policy memorandum directing ICE to break the law. Now fix the Law!
#ugly ? #cruel ? Try Cambodia, Vietnam, Libya, Syria...
So because parents do their job their are going to suffer the consequence? Sounds pretty cut-and-dry to me. U can live here but there r laws
Terrible decisión
Talk to @GeorgeTakei about that, Bernie. #DACA

Hyperbole game is strong! You've missed a few wars, drone strikes, and allowing rogue countries to get nukes.
Meanwhile, it's Congress's decision. Not POTUS's. He had to uphold LAW!  Amazing how many times you profoundly mislead your followers. Sad.
And u know how a budget blow out, or what went wrong with the school??
There is about 200,000+ dead Iraqi civilians who would probably disagree with the "most cruel decision ever" part. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casualties_of_the_Iraq_War …
Hypocrisy!
Yep
Have you apologized to Hillary Clinton for making her lose?
Thank you, Bernie Sanders, for your humanity.  Good Americans WILL stand behind you and behind those affected by DACA.
U lost  because we wanted someone who looks out 4 citizens.
Hmm you voted AGAINST amnesty in 2007 because it drove down wages. Remember?
They were in reality never legal Obama bypassed the Constitution to make false promises to them! Now the time has run out!
Japanese internees stayed in America and eventually received a pardon and some compensation.
How can anyone take you seriously?
No not the ugliest.... have you seen your wife? #BernieSanders
"Dreamers" currently vandalizing Trump Tower with rocks, bottles, bricks, NYPD just moved in & made 16 arrest so far
Bernie how's your wife doing that was hilarious a commie up for bank fraud charges
DACA is in the lap of Congress. You do your job and fix it.
Bernie, no wonder you didn't win. Learn what a President's job is. Enforce the laws. DACA ignores the law.
DACA was temp and would exp in a year. The decision to send it to Congress is the only way to make it law.
Meh - go away please.  We have trump because of you.
Y,   they are illegal!
President Truman ordered 2 atomic bombs to drop on Japan killing over 200,000 civilians. The US used Nazi scientists to create the bombs.
It's ugly, but "the ugliest"? Really? Maybe ask the nuked Japanese, or encamped Japanese, or the purged US communists, or South-America...
Superlatives are the erasers of History. And that's why they should be banished of any reasonable argument.
It's not meant to be long term to exapensive was a cheap and fast way to get kids to work.  We need a free and long term plan to immigrant
We have to move past all negative and work together soon or it's going to be MMAon the streets
400,000 children are killed in the USA due to abortion every year and you are worried about DACA?
@joerogan Getting rid of DACA is worse than Ignoring Rwanda genocide, fire bombing Europe, Vietnam ? Bernie doesn't do history.
BernieKamala2020
Dumbest comment ever... each pres. has made decisions that have gotten innocent civilians killed..including kids. Chill bern
Trump didn't take anything away, he gave YOU 6 months to do your job!
Not only was #DACA an overreach of Obama's power, it cruelly gave false hope to illegal aliens!

@OupaTlhone at this rate his term will end and he will have nothing to show for it .
dude, it shows the dude that can barely speak english looking at a cue card. Nice stethoscope prop you gave him too.
Bernie is lying again. Trump is respecting congress and the rule of law. Make America great, we have rules idiot Sen. Sanders.
You sure don't know your history, nor by thesecomments give a careabout constitutional law orLegal American citizens. Glad you are President
Its no secret Debbie Wasserman didnt like you.
I would think that southern Democrats hanging blacks would top that.
Cant believe your not more ticked at DWS & HRC for what they did to you. Now they are tied up in spy scandal. Wow Bernie, i would be TICKED.
It was the right call.  That's congress job to pass a law.  But, congress, knows they could say goodbye to some seats.
Screw you Sanders. You know full well that DACA wasn't legal. Enforcing law is a presidential power.
Ahora eres socialista, comunista, y atacas a los castros, Maduro, Ortega, y no vives como socialista, amas la vida dd millonario. Lo peor.
You have never stopped running for President Your colleagues took you to the woodshed once and they will again Idea Do your job in Congress
How modern Bernie. I seem to remember internment camps in our past.
Another leftist talks feelings rather than facts.
Ahhhhh.  Get off my lawn.....
You're fake news Bernard. he didn't cancel it fake news. He is giving Congress a change to actually keep it. #NeverBernie
It's clear you don't support our Constitution and laws.  You position is an insult to all those who came to the USA legally, period!
Why don't you tell the People how terrible that Democrats forbid Jews from entering U.S. durring the Holocaust
We can’t nor should be be paying for illegal immigrants to live illegally in our country. Just like you they need to pay for their own needs not depend on taxpayers to do it for them. Media only tells part of the story get ALL free facts!
Always gotta be a fight in the comments
"The ugliest & most cruel decision ever made by a president"? You-Sen Sanders need a history lesson, sir. Start w/Obama then go further back
Except when FDR put Japanese Americans in internment camps right?
It was unconstitutional! They had no legal status you word mincing immigration law hacks. The laws are the laws. You are insane, flat out.
Here is my question to you and I respectfully would love an answer

In the Eight years that Obama was president why did they never finalize the deal?  Why was it left for Trump to have to fix?

I have a theory (see next tweet)
I believe since the Democrats never expected to lose that it was never going to be given to them.  It was a tool, a carrot so to speak to dangle in front of them for their compliance and votes

If I was a Daca member I would be livid with the Democrats they had plenty
Of time to do it and with a majority government it would have been easy

But since trump won cats out of the bag and now it’s his fault. 

Easy to see through Daca dreamers Democrats never wanted you just your vote #DACADreamers
It's called your president doing what's right and FORCING Congress to do what's right!  You @SenSanders are absolutely wrong!!
Shut up and do your damn job you fraud. Pass a bill. Do something. You have gotten rich off the American taxpayer.
america is a sovereign country , why would you take immigrants if the people don t want to ?
Go to bed, you old fool
reward illegal behavior. Dems in charge again..Never!
Well, that's why you lost the nomination and Presidency. You don't know our history, or the true grit of real Americans. Retire. Now.
Matches his agenda.   Sad but true.
"The most cruel decision", really?  No other U.S. president made a more cruel decision?  Ever?  Intern camps maybe?
Meanwhile you depended trump on his imperialist stances on north korea, bernie you have no spine!!
Why Bernie?? He told Congress to do their job and create something legal to keep them here. NOW DO YOUR JOB!
Hmmmm, I don't know.  Maybe sending 50,000 U.S. GI's to their deaths in Vietnam might rank up there? #DACA #BernieSanders
Does it trump the trail of tears by President Jackson  ?? I think not just stop @realDonaldTrump
Wrong. Presidents are NOT above the law. The law clearly states Pres does NOT have authority to unilaterally approve #DACA (EO was illegal)
He's the BIGGEST hypocrite
The American Dream was never about theft!
begins the criminal politic iqual to Mexico. Welcome to the hell

