Cruz is an embarrassment to all Texans. He doesn’t represent me. I want him OUT!
I presume the senator will be giving up any defined benefit plan interests he holds for the same reason.
No the Senator doesn’t represent my views at all. Period! I can basically count on him to vote the exact opposite of my political stance.
.@tedcruz is Canada's biggest embarrassment.
And here they come for our social secruity.  Predictable
So you mean here they come for some one else’s money you feel entitled to?
Oh right because support for older people who can’t work and retirement is bad?
Raise the retirement age. It’s the biggest unfunded liability the us has
19.  Enough said.  Glad you’re being smart with retirement.  Hope it works out for you.  If it doesn’t you can thank social secruity later
So you’re trying to disprove me by using my age? Nice
It is.
How did this guy even get elected??
U still gettin yer ponzi check sen ?
why are we using that word ponzi scheme? let's take god forbid race out of this , thats where my mind goes, and, bring too understand, yes,
YOU MIGHT HAVE A POINT.  S SCHEME PERPERTRSITED BY THE DEMOCRAT PARTY.
@SenTedCruz screw you! I paid out of every paycheck into ssi and my Government borrowed my money and never paid it back.IT'S THEFT IN OFFICE
Let me Google that for you. #TaxationIsTheft
Give me the $ I paid in over the last 45 years with interest & I will ask nothing of this sham of a govt. #ShameonGOP #VoteThemOut #GOPLies
....... we are investors, when, you think about it. correct? @sentedcruz
Why are you worried about social security? Haven't you planned for your future like I have? Or is planning for your future my responsibility
Cruz is clueless!
Greenspan said as much way back when.
Greenspan? Seem to recall a 2008 crash, yeah.
If you really want to know how it's done read "The Man Who Knew"
Lots on Men Knew, Women too. It was parasites on Wall Street. No big secret
Smiley, got to run.
How can Republicans just flat-out lie like this? Ted Cruz needs to get voted out of the Senate. He's a scourge on America.
Do you know what a Ponzi scheme is?
Yes, the American health insurance system. I also know that Ted Cruz flat-out lies, over, and over, and over again.
#Privatization of #SocialSecurity GOP & Obama  http://interc.pt/1O6KE9t  HRC http://huff.to/2dQyDIN  WJC http://bit.ly/1qauf87 —#StillSanders
Bc it is... I am much more capable of planning for my retirement than you are. Stop stealing my money, you don't know what is best for me
Cruz is the Ponzi scheme !
one last thing. I paid into SS for 45 years. I'll die before I receive the same amount I put in.# FYI!
Sen Cruz makes me vomit , he and his fake rhetoric needs to go!
He’s right, it is a Ponzi scheme. Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
Are you arguing it isn't? Cause I'd like to know where or what bank my Social Security payments are sitting in if it isn't.
Right and the Government has been helping themselves to the money at zero % interest. TEd Cruz lacks morals.
Ted Cruz is a sicko.
Social security is the biggest ponzi scheme in the world. The money is gone so you can't claim it's solvent while borrowing to repay it.
What that’s fucking insane
Absolutely seems like something the Zodiac Killer would say.
Fuk Ted Cruz.
Great job on calling Cruze out on that, Cruze can't keep his stories straight cuz he isn't being honest.
Trickle down is a ponzi scheme.
Neither of them deserve the audiences that gravel behind them...both over rated & each helped give us dt. #womenwakeupfedupstandupspeakup
Get 'em Coach!
#truth
Shame. Every civilized country offers it to the people.
If it's not a ponzi scheme, am I free to opt out of social security and put that money in a separate bank account that the govt can't loot?

Yeah, it is
it is, introduced. by the dems favorite socialist, FDR.
Social Security is a damn good Ponzi scheme Ted!
Social Security has the same problem as a Ponzu scheme, when more people (baby boomers) are getting paid than paying in, it collapses
Ponzi, stupid autocorrect.
Lying Ted!
That is correct ... did you learn something today?
Ted Cruz has no dignity, repeats what he has practice like a parrot. Already trashed by the unfit prez. #Trumpuppet
Shut up Ted Cruz, I understand everyone in the senate hates you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZ3EtQis1yU … To the people heading here THIS is the 5 min version, might change you mind on how this was edited. Ted didn't lie
Universal basic income should replace welfare and social security. Bring on the robots and technology!

Good point! At least with Ponzi schemes, I don't have govt agents pointing guns at me forcing me to participate!!
This is accurate. And since you lefties sterilized the Western world, not enough suckers forced to pay in.
I'll go with Trump on this one and probably only this one #lyingTed
It is.
You are less than Ponzi
I’ve pd into SS for 50 yrs it’s my $$ & if some also goes to others I’m ok w that. Taxpayrs hav kept r pt of bargain Cong must keep theirs
Hey @SenTedCruz if that is true I want all the social security tax $ the government has been illegally collecting back NOW!
Get your quotes right!! Are you MSM NOW?
"So you belive ss is a ponzi scheme"
Cruz-"i believe there is rhetoric to treat it like that but..." interupted
Then he needs to give up his as well as any retirement that taxpayers would pay 4. As a taxpayer I pd 4 my ss & the Cong retirement.
Donna, they don't pay into SS, just like teachers they have a different program for governemnt employees... Also
Incorrect quote sir.
It is!!!!!!!  The money the boomers put in is gone and there aren't enough workers to cover the cost or the cost of x-ers.
The government is a Ponzi scheme.  You have lived off taxpayers money your entire life!  R President is draining the swamp. Hope your next.
If it came to a race between Trump and Cruz, I would have to vote for Trump.  Now I can't believe I just said that.
Lol by definition SS is a Ponzi scheme
Ted is right.
Today’s beneficiaries paid with today’s workers’ money, needs new workers to pay for today’s workers’ retirement? That’s a ponzi scheme.
If Social Security is bankrupt, then the bastards that have stolen my enforced contributions need to be prosecuted.
Well much of this is found right on the gov site.  You can see projections, and only thier best projections says we will have it in the.->

If it is Ponzi scheme, it is because the Republicans have raided the trust fund for years. I’ve paid into Social Security for 50 years...
Lyin Ted  Berned badly by the videotape. What a liar! Bernie kicked his ass
It is. Always has been.
You forgot implemented by democrats and robed by democrats.
I’m a stanch Bernie supporter, but it is STRUCTURED like Madoff’s ponzi scheme (current beneficiaries get $ from future beneficiaries)
I’m not saying that means we should drop SS. I’d go further to advocate experimenting w universal basic income, perhaps increasing with age
If it wasn’t why would the government encourage higher birth rates and immigration?
IT IS.. Bc eventually ppl are going to be left holding the bag not getting the return they were promised
Because it is
LYING TED !!
He's not wrong. 
It is
Yes, yes it is...
Hey @SenTedCruz you lied and everyone sees it. Sleazeball.
Wow, @SenTedCruz...just...wow. Zero fucking integrity.
How are these people still in office?

Lying @tedcruz
Omg. Help us!
Social Security is a ponzi scheme
Ted, your pants are on fire.
Lyin Ted!
That you guys created!!!
IT IS A PONZI SCHEME
Social Security is a pyramid scheme that would be illegal in the private sector.
He’s basically right
I  just want to slap the shit out of Cruz with his smerk glad his flunkies can make charts with color
only because @gop keeps raiding the fund to fight  unwinnable wars. but that's alright because a few billionaires profit,  eh? #sleazyloser
suppose should clarify cruz is the #sleazyloser
in case there were ANY doubt.
#ooohyoulyingtedcruz
Hey @SenTedCruz, spend less time practicing your smarmy one-liners in your bathroom mirror and more time hearing the stupid shit you say.
lol he just said he was quoting someone, and not only did he say there's no doubt that's what it is, he first tried to define Ponzi scheme
And the guy even asked for clarification!
"I'm gonna take that as a yes, that you do think SS is a Ponzi scheme"
"...There's no doubt that's what it is."
I agree but.... still this
Social Security a Ponzi scheme? I think that might end up in Beto's ads.
teddy says he didn't say that....so we should believe him 
Just like the rest of the GOP
Ted lying again? No way 
Excuse me, Senator, but Ponzi schemes don't tend to last over 80 years without totally collapsing under their own weight.  You know nothing.
It is colllapsing or more accurately it did and we had to borrow money to cover it.
Other way around ... over the years, the government has borrowed from the Social Security trust fund and never repaid it.  Documented fact.
#CNNDebateNight should be needed as Final debate for presidential and senate elections sen cruz plans towards ss and tax polices hurt Young
That's because it is!
@tedcruz  what a damn liar
Because it is a Ponzi scheme. The CBO reported the SS trust fund will be exhausted by 2032.
@tedcruz hey ted...
It is a Ponzi scheme. $16.4 Trillion in undfunded liabilities at this moment.
Ted's Motto
If you can't Dazzle them with BS
Baffle them with BS!JGB

How about you sell your house and donate the money to the taxpayers for being a freeloader your whole life
Uhh, duh. Defense hawks don't give two shits about the deficit. Just funding the military industrial complex. Come on Bernie, that's GOP 101
You deleted a tweet about Cruz being a defense hawk and supporting a huge deficit increase before I had time to post this
So it's going here meow
It is
What is the death tax, if not an opportunity to steal from the deceased, @SenSanders ?
because after they die they take the money over in the coffin no?
I understand Raghu Srinivasan wants the government to steal from the family and/or business. Help us understand this?
It's not stealing to have to pay taxes when a huge transfer of wealth is made. If people are allowed to hoard wealth indefinitely without paying taxes, eventually there's no way for it to get it back circulating in the economy.
Which in turn means less money for the middle class.
Bern
We need to expand it, we cite @JosephEStiglitz
Ponzi lol
Time for everyone to pay 10% flat tax PERIOD. Not my responsibility to subsidize healthcare for anyone except our vets. Tired of deadbeats.
It wasn't before you and your gang of thieves started stealing it. We don't need advice from criminals!!!!

As is the stock market
It might sound ridiculous but any underfunded pension is effectively a Ponzi scheme. Doesn’t Bernie understand that?

If you're looking for the party that loves spending you need to look to the left!!!
Yes it is! So is our fiat currency controlled by the "Federal Reserve" which is controlled by the Rothschilds and the Vatacian. Wake Up!
He's right.
May be some day @SenTedCruz might get someone play him on @nbcsnl.
Don't interrupt him mfucker @SenTedCruz when he is rightfully interrupting your lies.
Dude's not wrong
Tell me more about that $250. death benefit after paying your entire life!
Tell that to someone that gets their legs crushed at work! Hopefully they will be armed.
THEY ARE LOGGING ME OUT..WHY BECAUSE IM TELLING THE TRUTH
Ted Cruz did say that! He must have amnesia.
There they go again with those stupid soundbites. Ponzi? BS.
Senator Cruz=Senator Ponzi
Cruz has a problem, it’s his lips move before his brain is engaged.
Then what does that make @GOP after they raided social security and never put the money back?
Ohhhh @SenTedCruz....SMH
It’s a insurance if your alive you get it if you die before retirement age you don’t get it so what’s so complex?
Bernie is a Marxist so everybody gets the same but  if one person works harder makes more money then a person that works less it’s a failure
Exactly . . . he can try and deny it all he wants-but he did say it was a ponzi scheme . . .

https://tinyurl.com/yarzx3f6   drop by Sen. Sanders
#trump wants to take from the lower half to put in his OWN pocket. Next will be medicare and SS when they need the funds.
We the people ALREADY voted to end wealth redistribution plans . Work on your incontinence depends boy
If Cruz failed his civics class and doesn't understand social security, he shouldn't be an employee of the people at the Congress.
Socialism doesn't work your crazy duck
People like Cruz never tire of trotting out the same ridiculous arguments.
Neither do Bernie he's been peddling the same ideas for what 40- 50 years now?
BS. 401k plans are the real Ponzi scheme, with fund managers taking their percentage off the top.
Index funds my friend. Very small expense ratios.
And Ted is the Zodiac Killer.

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
Yep! He wants to remove it next.
Yeah the money was stolen from the middle class entitlement my foot
I payed into S.S. every week, 32yrs.
You too huh yea I'm 32 it's nice to know there won't be anything for me when I retire.
#BankFraudBernie
Cruz saying something ridiculous ? IMPOSSIBLE !! 
Thank you Bernie for trying to keep @SenTedCruz honest.....Cruz on Social Security: “Ponzi scheme” https://youtu.be/r2ylrHG8DnM  via @YouTube
Do you people not know how we are paying for Boomers right now?  Borrowed from China!!  Keep up
WE USE 2 LOOK UP 2 FOLKS THAT SERVED THIS COUNTRY! PRESIDENTS,JUDGES,COPS& DOCS BUT NOW THEY LIE UNLESS UNDER OATH!
WE LOVE OUR MILITARY & WE WON'T STAND 4 THEM 2 B HUMILATED EITHER! SO REP. QUIT LYING & HARMING US! WE R SICK OF IT!
Paying for Congress's health insurance is a racket. End welfare for Congress!
Bernie "One Trick Pony" Sanders, you make more than the next guy you are evil, says the man with 3 houses and fake job 4 daughter@500k
The only ponzi scheme is convincing texans that #tedcruz will represent them
Also Social Security, Medicare, and Pensions are Ponzi schemes.
@SenTedCruz a Ponzi Scheme is where there is no "investment" return on $$ coming in.... SSI is a pension plan...
@tedcruz
Ted Cruz should learn about Social Security. It is not a Ponzi Scheme, not even close.
Even socialist FDR says it needs to be privatized.
Tell him to go back to Canada. We don’t want him.
Who’s we?
I meant that since the GOP is against immigration I thought you’d want to send Cruz back to his native Canada...
Against illegal immigration, you dolt...
Oh well the GOP doesn’t have a good track record of of explaining that there’s a difference.
No, you only read what the liberal media tells you. The GOP has said “illegal immigration” from the very beginning
No Ted. You are thinking of the Trump adminstration, the GOP, and most of your party including yourself.
Cruz is such an unrepentant slimeball.
He isn't even remotely right about what a Ponzi scheme is.. by that definition all taxes are Ponzi schemes. #absurd
The way the government spends taxes faster than they take them in tells me yes they are a ponzi scheme.
Ok Bernie, Bedtime. Give your Mama a night night kiss.
That is a very convincing argument against Bernie Sanders and his political ideas. Please tell me more. I would love to hear more.
Plenty of retirees out there that are rewarded for putting into social security and/or rely on it. Talk about alienating your voter base.
Cruz would be the expert on ponzi scheme, eh?
Ted cruz is a bitch with a Dracula face.  His life is a ponzi scheme.
Social Security is a Ponzi scheme, and a Machiavellian Ponzi scheme at that, designed to buy votes using other people's money.
Ignorant
Bernie Sanders is a Ponzi scheme.
Fuck Russia
The way it's currently configured it is. I hate that I agree with that shitstain on something.
How would you change it for the better then? I’m just curious.
I don't know how to fix it. I just know we can't keep kicking the can down the road forever.
One way would be to get rid of the cap of how much taxes can be taken out. It’s at over $120k right now. If we did that it’d be more solvent
Correct. Remove the cap so the rich continue to pay into social security and it will be sovlent for generations.
SS is not a Ponzi scheme. The government can fully fund it. In fact the only tax cuts needed are FICA taxes.
And yet he never said is a ponzy scheme
It is.
Wait..what?

The only Ponzi scheme here is Republican politics.
Incorrect. Everything the Democrats propose is a Ponzi scheme

It’s a Ponzi scheme that Congress can’t pay for
these are the debates we should’ve had during the final elections :(

Lol
What the hell?
Never thought of it that way.
No shit
Truuu

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?
