And gutting of America, thru FORCED fees, fines, paycheck deductions & deductibles 4 absurdly priced healthcare 4 profiteers will continue.
Obviously things need to be improved. Single payer seems the only reasonable answer.
So you are okay with the government dictating your healthcare?  Hm.
How would government dictate healthcare? Single payer is based on the idea that government becomes the one paying but all needs are provided
Lordy. You are naive. "All needs provided"and "they" don't have a say?!?! 
What scenario are you worried about?
Who and what is going to pay?!?!
In single payer the money is generated usually through taxes not insurance premiums. But I'm asking what are you worried won't be covered?
NO, for the 4th time u failed to repeal ACA. I curse u every Dr appt @SenSanders . Lowpremiums, & leaving coverage up to states wld be best
Actually universal health care would be best.
Not if u work in healthcare. like @LindseyGrahamSC said, u try to get Medicare for all, ur gonna end up with Medicare for none
I work in healthcare. A quote isn't a compelling argument. Evidence that supports a position is what's needed to be considered reasonable.
Also:
This article also is based on the existing insurance based healthcare that needs to be moved on from.
No no no. it's based on an internationally agreed upon fact. U sacrifice one of those three things when u get the other.
That's only true if you stay in the same system. He reform being proposed is a more efficient use of money with fewer points of profit.
We the people will never allow your socialism to take over this country. Go away.
What's wrong with trying to create better public social programs?
Don't mask socialism. We see right thru it.
What's wrong with public social programs like education and healthcare?
You people have ruined public ed with all your nonsense rules. No boy girl no he she. Sex Ed to 5 year olds. Outrageous.
I think that decisions about education and healthcare should be made based on evidence and best practice. What standard do you suggest?
Let these kids be kids. Your only young for a short time. Calling them purple penguins or lemurs is absurd. They are boys and girls.
I have children in school. I haven't experienced any change to how the children are addressed.
2 out of 2 Republican senators agree: 
"Bernie is the most honest person in the senate."
Bs
I am a trump supporter.  Screw Hillary and the swamp creatures!
U didn't win anything, U killed Americans last chance at pvt HC.  Didn't work in UK or Venezuela.  Dr's leaving system 2 treat wealthy pvtly
Right on! I want to believe that I helped in some way.
UK has free HC.  They just announced, prohibitive costs, forces them to deny HC to unhealthy groups; obese (30%BMI) & smokers.  Is that you?
Idiot Bernie.  Too old to talk. Retire and read a book.
Wonderful... Let's pass Medicare for all...
Great.  Are you prepared to pay for it?  Because all of us will have to do so...
It can be easily financed by taxing Wall Street transactions at 5 or 7%.  And, from the savings of eliminating the insurance industry.
Oh, okay. Let's tax more people like me working hard trying to build a nest egg...so people who don't work can have free health care. 
Everyone deserves and can have health care. Most advanced countries in the world are way ahead of us in this area. So yes, okay, let's change priorities and take care of the American people.
Thank you for $20,000 annual premiums with $6000 deductibles. #Thanks4Nothing
Would the GOP Bill have been better for you? If so, you are a part of the elite. You also are okay withdying, so you can get tax breaks.
Just trying to provide benefits to 10 employees and give them a raise. Potential raises go to cover sky high premiums and deductibles.
Single Payer would eliminate that. You might have higher taxes, but you'd still end up saving money in the long run.
You and @SenSanders need to check your math. National Debt is $20 Trillion and counting. If you want single payer move to 
Do you really care about helping your employees, or are facts completely arbitrary to you if they don't line up with your political team?
Senator I'm paying 1889.00 per month for insurance! Now that's a disaster. How much do you pay per month
Send your bills to obama. He Can pay for your bills.
Bernie it's over go away w/Hillary Worse corrupt pres obama
WeThePeople Support Our President Trump, Why can't you? How much money did ur Wife Steal?
talkn emails?? You got problems now dude, half the WH used private emails conducting wh business-but im sure that was just cover up russia
By the time we get single payer we'll all be dead. Ppl should be in the streets by the millions demanding it. Day after day after day.
Time to walk out of work, out of schools, stop the entire economy until all corruption in the @GOP  exposed & we demand a fair honest system
Thank you, sir, for your decades of fighting on the right side of history for ALL of us! #StillBerning
Now on to the fight for #BernieCare!
Don't let perfection B enemy 2 the good ACA made headway 2day w/GOP waving white flag Every lil bit counts Let's move slowly 4ward from here
Nope, 7 years is slow enough. #ACA  was watered down by #GOP yet none of them voted for their own amendments in 2010. #Medicare4All NOW!!!
Keep up the good fight Bernie. Thanks from everyone who pays attention so they don’t have to pay with their health.
Medicare for all, funded by payroll deductions, based on ability to pay, and adjusted to cover Medicare outgo.
What about the ones who choose not to work, a free ride? Families with 19 kids, are they paying per kid or one fee for the whole damn fam?
We haven’t won yet.
Healthcare still needs improvement and maybe now we can get all of our reps involved
Socialism & HC?  Venezuela, 15K Dr's leave public system 4 lack of pay, drugs & equip.  2015, one out of three patients died in hospital.
Hey Bernie & pals...socialism does NOT work!
#HealthCareForAll  a right, not a privilege! Thanks Bernie
"won"
Thank U Sen.Sanders 4 representing "We the People" & standing up 2 the self-serving GOP who only represent large Corporations + big donors!
You are a riot!!! Are you serious!? Wait too you get the bills!!!
So you support trump care which would have taken healthcare from 20+ million Americans "too" give big tax cuts "too" wealthy donors?
So how is that worse than what we have now, pray tell?
Why won't U answer the question, do U support taking healthcare away from MILLIONS of Americans to give huge tax cuts to BILLIONAIRES?
Obamacare will collapse. How is that "winning?"
Then we make it better.  We try for Single Payer/Medicare For All.
Insurance makes "CARE" unaffordable. Making the government an insurance company only worsens this effect.
what is your evidence to this statement? many countries have a SP system and they are doing fine. You will pay less not more.
Thank you Bernie for your steadfast leadership.
Easy when you own three houses and non-Obamacare coverage.
ACA coverage does need improvement. It's hard for the health care systems to catch up now that everyone can afford it.
Without the single-payer model everyone actually wanted, insurance companies can waffle on who they approve as providers. It's not ideal.
Just glad your single payer stunt didn't damage the work of killing that damn bill! Better timing would be appreciated.
Ppl couldn't wait.  It was the right time for Sanders to do it.
A week? It couldn't wait a damn week?
In that week, people died. Every day people die because we don't have universal single payer healthcare. It absolutely can not wait.
I'm a fucking vet and still alive so don't label all VA's with the same brush as Phoenix!
Single payer isn't the cause of that, mismanagement and intentional under-funding of services is.
And u are why we almost lost!!
Hillary is why Sanders lost.
Sander's is one of the many reason's she lost
And geezus she won the poular vote!!!
#CheatersDontWin.   Thank Clinton for that loss.
When everything comes out. Let's see if the narrative is still the same.
Likely will be. Neither candidate was presidential material.
#StillSanders
MEDICARE FOR ALL MEANS YOU TOO??
WE? You mean Hillary, again. You're riding her decades-long coattailes on single payer.
Bernie has been doing this for a long time. He has devoted his life to help the regular people. Thank you Bernie (and Jane).
He's why we have Trump. He's about promoting Bernie.
Check out @mikefarb1
We need to keep Obama care, but get rid of the high deductibles, no one should be financially ruined, because they got sick or hurt 
We have the power to do this if we all stand together. All of us!
It's time to lock arms & take on the corps & drug companies. Solidarity!
For what, pray tell?  Skyrocketing costs that we all will have to cover!? ?
I love you Bernie!!! Our nation could sure use you as our leader.
You are a big part of why Trump got elected. I will always remember that. Your lame support of Hillary created all of this madness!
Between Trump and Hillary who do you think he should have endorsed?
Yeah, support the chic who rigged the election against you.
Well I think that only underscores what a poor presidential candidate Trump was, and look how it turned out. Sure seems that he was right.
President Trump wasn't a poor candidate. He won the election.
I think I meant poor in the sense of his character and ultimate job performance.
With any job.. if most people are doing everything they can to undermine you. How can one succeed?
I think the resistance to Trump has been based on the quality or lack thereof of his attempts to govern or lead.

The first time I watched I didn't listen, I just pretended I was watching my president. It was a good 3 minutes.
Healthcare solutions rally across ND Saturday
Part of the American leadership problem.
BERNIE! BERNIE! BERNIE!!
Thank you Bernie. Now out the legislators  being paid off by  BIG  PHARMA.
Who did u save? Not ppl who still have 2 pay fines, high premiums, some w no choice of providers. U slap yrself on back 4 that? Shame on u.
Your socialist plan guarantees that the government will decide for you when, how, and IF you get treatment and at a high cost.
I love you, Bernie.
If having Medical Insurance; people died due to lack of better coverage THEN INSURERS FAILED US & WE WANT BETTER NOW
Premature conclusion, Bernie 
I am glad to hear this. I hope as you do that the status quo is replaced by a better country for all Americans.
Want to drive down healthcare costs?  Preventive medicine is best.  Chiropractic will save millions of $$$.  Premiums low,  dividends high!
IT'S A SHAME YOU DIDN'T WIN THE DEMOCRATIC VOTE FOR PRESIDENT, OORAH KEEP PLUGIN FOR US AVERAGE AMERICAN CITIZENS
Stay on it!
#NeverACAorAHCA Uninsured 11.7% http://bit.ly/2sHOZGU —Most No EmployerBase HealthCare http://kaiserf.am/2tyCqOS —#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
We want to Thank You for fighting for the PEOPLE!!  
Now get YOUR bill passed!
Big thank you also for all the hard Work That Senator Bernie Sanders put in to Rallying everyone to come out in protest against This Bill 
I know millions are so relieved as they would have nothing otherwise.
Your Obamacare is subsidized. Come on Bernie. Using Europe as a shining star? Really. 10% unemployment 40% of our disposable income
And you are a major reason we lost the White House.
Moved on haters your time is over! Time to retired set back and travel around the world.Take care grand kids! Let the POTUS govern U S A

With all due respect sir, the only people who won are those profiteering from our healthcare- the people have not won
We'd be so much further along if Hillary had won.........
undoubtedly!

EO Congree pays for their own healthcare with Obamacare.Problem solved..@POTUS .@KellyannePolls .@SecPriceMD .@VP #SteveBannon .@SenSanders
Would love to know what Health Plan has this commie to replace the #Obamacare, as Reps spent 7 years trashing w/o theirs PS Congress Plan?
#publicoption ... ur as corrupt as the GOP
#HillBots #DNCsellouts #CorpDems #PseudoProgressives #NeoLiberals #MSNBC #CelebrityDems #HillaryClones #StillWithHerAndDelusional LOLJGB
#NotMeUs #WeAreBernie #WeEndorseBernie #BernieCare #BERNIE2020
How can you be so heartless and cruel to slam 400% increases in premiums and deductions on middle class taxpayers?

We wouldn't be fighting the fight at all had the democrat party kept their primary for democrats only.

#Socialist
Nice job Bernie

Funny I like that one
Time to retire Bernie. Take you tax payers millions to build another big home and hide before they want to share your wealth
The rich won't like it
Bernie, I am a proud member of "Our Revolution". I call daily as new issues arise to be fought. Bless you and Jane!
what
Love ya Bernie just wish you were messianic as
you would grasp that which is not on your radar.
@SenSanders we need more people like you in government
you didnt save healthcare you made rich people richer
@MGS825 
Thank You Senator Sanders! #Obamacare #ACA
Not over till the fat lady sings.. just waiting for a few old people to die off.. we can wait a few months.. no problem..lol
Thankful for the people like you and others like you for the American people
I loooooooooove you Bernie
I love you Bernie! 
You call this mess a win. You truly are delusional
Also, healthcare is NOT a right and indeed a privilege. Get your facts straight
America isn't to thank. Its thanks to the worthless senators, like yourself, that can't stop fighting amongst themselves. Quit your lies
Thank you Bernie, for Everything you're doing...

Now let's push for the real thing
Bernie in 2020
We need to get some lawmakers in there who will actually write a good bill so that our wonderful president can sign it
Millions of Americans are sick of paying penalties for something that they shouldn't even have to have paid for in the first place!
Are you guys planning on repealing the unconstitutional penalty for not taking Insurance because you can't afford it?
Feel the bern. Article 25 http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ …
Thank you -- Medicare for all - Please ---I'm with you 100%
Bernie, the anti-american fighter.
Yea, could not thank you enough for my $7,000 deductable and $700.00 increase to my monthly premiums! Govt keeps helping me and I'm broke!
Vote out the #GestapoOligarchyParty
Bernie, stay strong and so will we!
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens! It is a matter of decency and a humans right!
So bernie I've got a question for you, what happenes when premiums rise again. We will be legally obligated too buy something we can'tafford
Everyone is enjoying your win with higher costs and much less coverages than before Obamacare was forced on us THANKS
Love you Sir.
I love you BSanders. You stand for all man kind. Thank you.
Two questions, when has US govt involvement lowered the price of anything? Also about govt run healthcare, has anyone here been to the VA?
But will the GOP stop trying to destroy it? They are relentless
@JoyAnnReid should wash the hate from her brain and finally look at what Bernie has done to help.
Please continue the campaign to educate Americans on the practicality & need for inclusive, humane, affordable healthcare. #MedicareForAll
Won what?
Bernie should go to Venezuela, he can not possibly do anything but turn America to shit.
You didn't win anything you've kept a bad thing in place and what are you going to do when it collapses.
Even GOP voters claim they need the ACA. I don't think it will collapse. I hope it will be a stepping stone towards single-payer.
Wishful thinking.
Not true. It failed b/c weak minded lazy Republicans can't seem to look at the big picture. Now we're stuck with crap u & Dems gave us!
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/09/on-compassion-for-enfeebled.html …
Your the messenger carrying the message Senator Sanders....
Make Medicare-For-All the sole coverage for politicians.
Watch the improvements and funding magically appear.
thank you Bernie 
you won because Republicans are incompetent, not because of whining stay at home moms
Won?   It never saw the floor???
McCain has the right idea of Both parties working together. To battle out a different bill
What ppl?

It was won or lost by votes from Congress n or The Senate.
Thank you soooooo much Mr. Sanders! It means so much that my parents won't lose insurance because of you! I am so grateful
You won but America lost.  Nice job idiot.
What exactly has been saved? A worthless card that comes with such a high cost the  holder can't afford to go to the Dr?
Bernie, what the plan when Obamacare fails in a year of two.  Millions of people won't have health insurance.  You didn't win we all lost.
Let me say this about the Republicans and Obamacare.  They keep screaming about higher premiums and who raises premiums Insurance Companies.
We need to help ower children save ower property from state or gov owership
I'm sorry you feel that way. I happen to really like the guy, and if you can't tolerate that in me, feel free to block me.
no I'm not going to block you I just don't care for His political views. I'm sure he's a great guy though.
Alright. I'm glad you can look past that part of me.

Have a good day :)
You have a good day as well.
#Bernie, the Republicans will try again and again. Be ready.
Woo hoo! We did it now let's use that momentum and carry-on!!!!
Congrats @SenSanders and THANK YOU!!! keep up the FIGHT!! And PLEASE run for POTUS as 3rd party!!! I will not vote for the DNC EVER AGAIN!!!
Bernie, aren't you worried the republicans will try to sneak this bill through when nobody is looking? Like at night
I love  BS. He is for the ppl.
Dear Bernie, you always use the word "Americans" to refer to US citizens. It is a somewhat imperalist concept!
@senSanders where do buy your insurance? My premiums are up 270+% since advent of Obamacare. No celebration here.
Thank you @SenSanders why you're not the president .
Still not sure why more people don't like this guy.  Seems pretty jake to me....
Thank you senator
you won my leader 

All the baskets of deplorables that criticize Obamacare of course also have no clue what was in this GOP bill. They just blindly believe Trump's lies.
Thank you Bernie for screwing me and my family out of more money so they can be insured
Now is the time to REPAIR Health Care as a RIGHT not as a PRIVILEGE for the 1%.  Repeal will make you monetary RICH, but MORALLY CORRUPT.
and now we wait for premiums to rise and quality to drop. thanks.
Everyone in, no one left out. #MedicareForAll , #SinglePayer  is best -- best outcomes for the most people and best cost controls or US.
People are suffering out here. You don't get it you elitist! We need relief from high premiums and deductibles.
Thank you Senator Sanders! From California
Fuck off
You didn't win anything. Still faced with plan that no one can afford. If they can get coverage at all.

Rgds. Senator.
not just #berniewouldhavewon, but he IS winning...

he's leading by EXAMPLE #leadership

i'm happy to say i support #Bernie
Have we?
You're relieved - your m4a stunt almost cost us
Does it mean when fight back the Pham co. And they make very few new meds to keep your sorry ASS alive  you see why we did not want it
ALL WHAT YOU YOUR DOING NOW BERNIE DOES IT INCLUDE ALL POLITITIANS IN GOVERENMENT TO HAVE EXACTLY THE SAME INSURANCE THE REST OF US???
Just put us on a faster road to default, thanks to you Bernie
The battle, not the war, sir. We will not rest, we will not stop until this theft, this deceit, this plague/yoke is lifted off taxpayers.
Well done all those who opposed @realDonaldTrump Care; now get behind Bernie's Single Payer proposal and Make America Great Again.
Save what healthcare/Obamacare?/what you propose is not good/I don't think it's that difficult/get rid of Obamacare/start over!
Get a hair cut u bum
Thank you for playing such a leadership role!
Health care is a God given American right,  above the military.
Oh ya thank you for keeping my premiums so high! All the working Americans appreciate it
Bernie nice suit!
There waiting for John McCain to dieI hate the Republicans they're coming back instead of fixing the affordable care actwe despise Trump
We love you Bernie!!

You won't be happy until all of American healthcare is equivalent to a third world clinic.  But, it will be equal for all.  Trickle down poverty.
We love you Bernie
What would really be horrific is single payer healthcare for all.
Nationalize the hospitals, just the property...
I'm glad that the Democrats saw fit to treat you like Ron Paul. "I" didn't win anything. I never wanted your "breathing" tax.
How's your wife's criminal case going?
Stay in there, Bernie!!
Honorable Sanders, American are sensible people, do what's right, they will follew you.
God bless you all
☉
Thank YOU, Senator Sanders.  You don't know how much it means to me (us) to have you fighting for us.
THANK YOU 
That don't mean you one anything that means people will suffer even more because of unaffordable health care,don't you get it?
