Bernie Sanders is a snake oil salesman. A millionaire who is selling radical and dangerous ideas that are unamerican #socialismIsRadical
No dear that would be Trump. Bernie's record of fighting for the people is solid, unlike Trump. Screwed contractors over every chance he got
sorry not true I'm a contractor &he gave me my first job and I got paid because I did a great job did 5 more after that move along with lies
BTW, U may fall in the minority that got paid as promised. Not a lie, bankruptcies R a matter of public record. He regularly screwed people!
Most liberals have yet 2break a sweat, over fed & under worked seems to have spread to 93 million Americans 2busy drinking from govt TEET
What do you do for a living?
Work like the minority of my US countrymen that prefer to earn their own living rather than drinking the govt kool aid ....you ?
Talking about most liberals not breaking a sweat, what do you do? I think your full of sh*t to be honest.
We are fools for a nation if we don't ban together to the GREED out of our Healthcare industry and #Fight4Medicare4All
You don't issue our national currency when you pay tax.  The dollars you use to pay tax come from government spending.
Except the vast majority who don't want socialism.
Then again, people don't understand either capitalism or socialism.
Cherry picking a few issues and whupin' up a fervor ain't gonna cut it anymore Bernie. You're done. Go to sleep.
Helping the poor is for charities and individuals, not government.
My Christianity is not at risk for not having a government doling it out.
The poor that have been bred by our government need to be spoon fed everything every day. That's not poor, that's sloth. Grow up!
If the change you want gives everyone an equal share, when not everyone does their equal share of the work, then your change is radical.
He's not proposing that everyone will make X dollars a year.
Good thing Bernie isn't a socialist. He's a social democrat.
Restore my faith in humanity and not play dumb.
I suppose personal insults are a better option for those that have nothing but shit in their pockets.
3.2/10
not sure why you have not been arrested for treason, you clearly have taken every step poosible to undermine america, roll over bad doggie
WomenLookinLikeMen,MenLookinLikeWomenSittinAtTheTableOfTheJointChiefsOfStaff,Man-sheServinCoffee2She-manBad4DaFutureDoD,HelpSaveAmerica
Bullshit !
Unfortunately the majority of Congress is not.
I hope you can be our President soon
.Why aren't there any young prospects who speak his tune. Rather depressing.
It's because he's so wise and his age is not a problem. Sanders is solid. Like Jimmy Carter still building houses for people .
Jimmy (the as@) Carter gave away the Panama canal to a communist, after so many American lives were lost there.
Don't remember this. Why was the Panama Canal ours to give?
Negotiations and built by USA.
You must like the legalized marijuana issue because you are high Mr Venezuelan socialist!
You want 5% growth? Tax the black market. Easy math.
It's called the fair tax. Abolish the IRS and income tax go to a federal sales tax so all these drug dealers pay tax on everything they buy
You've nailed it sir! I love it! the best way to stop these terrorists & violent criminals is hitting em in the wallet. 
If we don't have the guts to deal out "eye for an eye" justice that is......
Don't get me started. If we treated Raqqa like we did Dresden or god forbid Hiroshima daesh would be done.
WRONG! 
#ShutUp
Mr. Senator I loved trump, but in all honesty if you didn't get screwed there's a high possibility you would've got my vote...
More BS from BS
#Bernie  kept $3.8 mill of $27 for personal use, hid his taxes, won't file campaign finance report, voted NO to investigate #TrumpRussia
Deep from the Trump-Bernie fake accounts....how's the Russian weather today?
No @SenSanders they are not!!!   I am not.  You lost  Your platform lost.   Please give it up.  I'm with @POTUS !! #MAGA
I like that part of being #MAGA is yelling at people, unprompted.
Dems just need to stop and accept they they lost.  And actually try to work things out and compromise.
Losing (especially by a small margin) doesn't mean you've up what you believe is right. That's a weird way to look at the world.
The majority of America voted for @POTUS.  It was on a few large cities that voted for HRC and included illegal votes.
48% of america vs 46% of america. There's no likely case for voter fraud at such a scale. People in big cities are part of the US too.
There is a likeliness of voter fraud especially here in CA since illegals can get DLs they now vote #VoterFraud  they don't have that right
No worries Kari. There's a lot of Democratic votes crossing South of the Border as we speak. This is one of the main reasons they're PO'd!
If the majority of the American ppl were on his side why isn't he POTUS?
And the change he is fighting for is very radical. Again if you have to say it's not radical than it probably is.
It is but I think more Americans favor a type of conservatism than they do socialism.
Haha yeah that probably is lol
You can't argue with free. Bribing people with free stuff for votes is the typical lib way
And yet GOP controlling the shots, erasing decades of social progress. Must persist, stand our ground & speak truth
Wtf is social progress ? Transformers in the military ? assassinated cops ? Bathroom rights ?
Believing GOP misinformation rather than UR own lying eyes & ears?  We ALL are deserving of constitutional rights.
LMAO really. You want to believe so bad.
Every time I hear from you Burnie, I "feel the Burn"  ... deep in my ass.
That's because you don't know how to spell his name.
That's all you got?
Caring for others is humans nature and not radical at all!
Making people take care of people who don't want to take care of themselves is radical and stupid and unfair.... try again.
Well aren't you just so righteous little Mrs says she is a Christian.
Being a Christian doesn't make you a good person, doing good things does. #atheist

I am an atheist, and fortunately religion has nothing to do with our government!
Your right.  Please don't think I would push my beliefs at you, but I just get crazy sometimes. 
As do we all.
The "Majority" of American People wish you'd just go away, -for- brains!
My hero
It's the pursuit of FREEDOMS not government programs. Issue is go to work and earn your keep
There only radicals about in mainstream American politics are the radical Republicans who seek to take is back 100+ years.
And you failed the majority of the Americans by helping to elect Trump!!
maybe. I hope you'll run as what you are: an independent. The Democratic Party is for Democrats. You've done enough damage Narcissis
I don't give a F what you do. I vote for candidates that move the ball forward not those that elected trump
I don't know which world you live in, but I live in middle America. We are NOT on your side.
Bernie give it up! You lost!
Losing makes you not care? Has it ever occurred to you that maybe he actually gives a shit about what he's talking about?
All he cares about is the hush money he got from Dems to keep quiet about the rigged Democratic candidate election.
And Politico is just wising up to this now...
The MAJORITY are NOT on your side #BankFraudBernie
You're Crazy Bernie!!
You're Wrong Bernie!!  Your wife is the perfect example what your side does to people. Were you in "collusion" with her?
Remember when TRUMP went after Obama's  birth place maybe we should have Trump checked for the right # of chromosomes
No Bernie they were on your side until you bowed to Hillary and now your wife's scandal, you are like all the others, a criminal
No they aren't.
Don, please also revel how white color customers were defending the two gentlemen as they were taking away by the police, just to show how us the people among ourselves there live and fairness, it is our government whom makeing the gap between citizens
That's not true Mr Sanders, that prove you are a lair like all the http://liberals.you 're a radical of different dimensions, but a lier.
Like a certain person ..... you cannot spell/type the word is liar
Dude ya kinda fucked that idea up when you whined and wouldn't support THE candidate. #ImStillWithHer
The corrupt candidate? The Wall Street backed candidate? The TPP candidate? Who would back a pathological liar and traitor of the USA!!
Clinton was the most honest candidate according to every fact checker. People just too lazy to research. Russians fooled more than Trumpers.
Clinton wasn't the most honest candidate. She lied about both Sanders and Trump not to forget the Russia nonsense
She lied on her support on things and can't make her mind up
Bullshit.   Her views, like most people over 40, on certain subjects evolved.  It's called growing up. More honest than any other candidate.
2004 said gay marriage was bad, now says ok. 2003 Iraq vote(yea) for war now says was mistake,
Sanders had held the same positions his whole life
1.Socialism IS radical in the US and is destructive. 2. If the majority of Americans were on your side you would be President. #youneedJesus
Socialism doesn't help the poor, it makes more people poor. http://www.desiringgod.org/interviews/how-should-christians-think-about-socialism …. #BigGovSucks
Bernie love your ideas, tell followers how we need to make changes @ grass route level. Your Blind followers are trying to split party =win
You have my attention. You don't know me. Saying I have cult mentality is a descript. of what ur doing. Tell me how u will achieve ur goals?
Why won't you support the Russian sanctions bill?
So you want to affect a whole country because what the president is doing. Russia has poor people like us and they are the most...
Vulnerable or to the sanctions
Right... she didn't even campaign in Wisconsin and thought she had the blue wall
Did they vote Trump or third party?
@SenSanders The majority of people think that you sold out to Hilary Clinton!  What happened to the $5M left over from your campaign?
Yeah where is that money?
Maybe  I'm "strange" but I don't connote radical with bad automatically. We need fundamental/radical change in this country desperately.
Yes, we are the change but using the same losing strategy allowing the right to move the line further away from liberalism is stupid!
Spread liberal ideas like Pharma caps compared to the VA and Universal Healthcare connected only in blue states.
Trickle down eco doesn't work and red states only survive because blue states and responsible taxes+higher wages.Libs play too nice!
Now that's funny right there Bernie! We don't want your Socialistic Ideology!
The one that gives everyone healthcare as a right or the one that gives everyone college? That ideology
Healthcare and college are not "rights".
Everywhere else it's a right
And how's that working for them? Free handouts = more government control to tell you what u can/cannot do. No thanks, I prefer freedom.
Well you don't have co-pays deductibles or premiums. Also you don't get denied coverage for being old or too sick
Just do some research, it will open your eyes. Don't feed into the hysteria that people are going to die. Just not true. God bless.
Not even close.
Enjoy this 4 years. They fly by before ya know it. 
You mean 8 yrs. How does an atheist end up in Harrisburg?
A wonderful series of life's *funny* little twists and turns. I even miss road construction.
It will never be moral to take (with force) the fruits of another's labor. I tilled, sowed and harvested MY crops.... Hand Off!!
how do u suppose we go about funding the military, police, and fire? A pay as you use it thing?
Police/fire are local government issues and should be funded as such. Military I would be willing to voluntarily submit some of my earnings
Uhhh lots of his policies would be state/local.

& Ok well I would voluntarily be willing to submit some earnings to get cheaper healthcare.
2 problems with that...
His policies will not be voluntary 
When has placing anything in the government control made it cheaper?
What change is that, Bernie? That everyone should have three houses and an exotic German sportscar like public servant @SenSanders?
http://www.nationalreview.com/article/434194/bernie-sanderss-tax-returns-reveal-his-hypocrisy …
http://theblacksphere.net/2017/03/rich-fat-cat-bernie-sanders-ripped-hypocrisy/ …
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/bernie-sanders-slams-billionaires-gets-reminded-he-owns-3-houses/article/2620865 …
http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2016/08/bernie-sanders-summer-house …
https://www.forbes.com/sites/kalevleetaru/2016/12/22/the-daily-mail-snopes-story-and-fact-checking-the-fact-checkers/#31901f70227f …
I hope so Bernie...this country is turning into a scary place
Honestly if everyone were presented with left policy in a vacuum with no labels, I guarantee most would side with left politics
Yes, I think most people would side with left politics lmao. Healthcare, education, anti imperialism, worker centric and empowerment lol
You mean like Cuba and Venezuela and most SA countries how r they making out with those policies
They're fine actually, you can read a lot about it from plenty of nonpartisan sources lol
Let the children run the 
Not sure if this is a point or just an attempt to be condescending lmao
Evidently, since you are a Socialist, you want Americans to end up like the ppl of Venezuela. That is what true Socialism leads to. Traitor.
Your not on the American people's side. You're a millionaire and a fraud, give one of your 3 houses for the homeless. #BankFraudBernie
No
The majority is in favor of other people paying for their lives & a shared mediocrity? Ask the citizens of Venezuela & Cuba. You r a radical
John McCain is ill. He has insurance. I respect McCain..disagree, but respect. What makes his life greater than a baby w a poor mom?
U gotta be ucking kidding. Go away. Ugh
We have too many illegals if that's the case
Hey Bernie, they are trying to clean up polling and are finding millions voted illegally, so the popular vote, may be wrong.
What shall we call it? I vote 4 #BetterCare. @CNCS_CEO can handle most o' the organizing prerequisite 2 making costsharing a transitional GO
Why do you continue to mislead the people? Quit using handouts as a way to suppress and grow the lower class. Americans are not animals.
Which explains why the majority kicked you out of D.C. over the last 7 years?
Hey when are you going to start paying the 60% in taxes like you want the rest of us to pay?or will you just keep paying the 13%?
NOT
Get your own house in order.  Americans aren't going to take advice from you about anything
Such a lie. You fooled some of the people some of the time --- but most are on to your sleaze. You're no better than a Clinton.
The Super Deligates didn't.
I just kinda h8 how Medicare made me feel disabled. How would #MedicareForAll overcome the illegacies of centralized planning? !#BCRAKills¡♡
Your a fraud.
What the hell are you smoking?
Universal healthcare was going to bankrupt his state, but it will work in USA? Socialism fails everywhere,  BS has lived off only taxpayers
Bernie, Bernie, Bernie...can you hear?? Old coot..you are a liar and hypocrite who lost control of his own movement. Go away!
Go back on your medicine, you're making a fool of yourself now. Your Shangri-La Venezuela has no food and daily riots because of Socialism.
so the bernie fan knows clinton chiseled the bern out of possibly taking the nom and yet still feels she was a better vote than the Donald 

The majority of socialist?
Socialist have there own personal agendas  "free stuff". My life goes on regardless what the government is trying to do and pay my own way
You don't understand what Bernie is saying. Either wise up and learn or keep quiet.
Instead of criticizing enlighten me on the statement above from Bernie or his staff
All Bernie is saying is that the ppl should benefit from the taxes they pay. He talks about taxing the rich & hedge funds to pay 4 his ideas
Remember: you were allowed to run in a Presidential primary for a party which you do not belong to enable Hillary to win.
Not
Bernie who would believe you since you are a sellout a corrupt elite politician gotten rich off taxpayers and backroom deals #VoteBernieOut
Then maybe u should set up a meeting with @realDonaldTrump but u won't!

Really?  Is that why you were blown away in the Dem primary against just one opponent, the worst in history of party?
No they aren't. Real Americans were being replaced
No, we're not. We see what you would have allowed to happen to us in Germany, Italy, Sweden, and the UK.
You are a liar. I voted for you.
You need to leave your bubble.
No Bernie, no socialism, globalist,  no elite.  The majority r with President Trump #maga
No Senator, you are wrong. Most people think you're a duplicitous liar. You supported Hillary in the attempt to hold power. You lost it all.
Wrong
Let every representative take the Jefferson test. Do your actions, policies, or concerns better permit the commoner's pursuit of happiness?
On your side? Is that why the liberals keep losing elections?
Except that you are a deceiving hypocrite and scoundrel. Go retire to your three houses, 'man of the people' *scoff*!
Bernie, that silent majority of American you speak of are not on your side.  Lets face it your big lies are just not working.
#BankFraudBernie #Corrupt #Hypocrite
You mean the side of liars, cheaters and hypocrites?! 2-Face would be proud of your actions.
.@SenSanders changing from freedom and liberty to enslavement socialism/communism is radical, think you need a dictionary #Fraudster
Your describing progressivism which is just slow motion communism.
The majority of Americans want to end up like Greece and Venezuela? Riiiiight....
We're not on your side,you crook!You want everything for nothing,just like you did all your life?What have you paid for?
Think again Bernard. The majority of Americans are NOT with you. MAGA will be conservative NOT left of liberal !
Aren't you under federal investigation or is that just your wife?  Do you guys still talk much?  #Lollapalooza
Blow it out your tail pipe grandpa. We know what change you're really looking to make 

Not the ones that WORK!
What happened to talking about $ in politics and oligarchs? Those are the issues that almost got you the nomination, DNC party took it.
Not even close to the truth!
Name 'em...
Illegals NOT Americans Mr. Money man!!
What issues? And where are you getting your numbers ?  Polls I've seen show the opposite of your statement.
No look at June polling number the numbers you see are FAKE NEWS!!!
Hey #BankFraudBernie - are you preparing for #prison?  #LockHimUp #ItsOver #AssumeThePosition
No they're not.... just in your looney liberal strongholds. Come out to real America.

In your dreams no they are not you socialist never held a real job so all U r is a welfare recipient taking other people's money disgusting
No, we arent. #TrumpPence2020
You sold out.
Whatever you say Comrade
I actually dreamt with you and you were just as clueless.
Nobody in the south or midwest wants that way of life.  Go away Vermont and California extreamism.  stop forcing your way of life on us
Ignorance is Bliss baby killer.
Actlly bern they're not. Mainly bc u giv them false premises & enunciate conclusions - claiming they can be true - that can & will never be
The American people don't want to be like socialist Venezuela, which is what you want us to become.  Thanks but no thanks.
Look no further than Venezuela to see the beauty of your socialist utopia
Go away, old grifter. And take Jane with you.
Yup. Looking for free shit definitely isn't radical. I'd say It's more "typical."
Yeah, nope.
Too little, too late. The new regime has settled in. No chance to correct for your mistakes. The end of democracy is nigh.
No, it is radical and most people have common sense to know that socialism and far left agendas only add to debt and poor living conditions
Not illegal Immigration though.
have you donated that extra house HRC paid for to charity yet? How many immigrants does is currently house?

millionaire hypocrite..
Fundraising for your fourth house, are ya?
Lol are you a bot? Worked in Wash for 40 years so obv need a place there & VT. Sooo insane he got a vacation home at 75 years old!! 
this statement should be used to have you committed to an insane asylum. waaaay out of touch with realty.
Which people??? lol
Because American people are the most brainwashed on earth.
That is crap! You are the leader only of those who want to steal my money without working for their own. You communist assbag liar! 3homes?
And on the backs of poor Americans and illegal aliens!
what side is that? Your ideology is as fluid as water...btw how's that FBI indictment going?
You're a lying nut job
Everything you have ever believed in, IS radical.
Now go check in at prison
If you keep asking your family if they agree you must realize although they are American, they are still just your family.  Retire Bern
You don't call a 91% tax rate radical??
just the communist party
Majority delusional further proof liberalism is a mental illness Dems have a massive national debt to repay you can thank obama for It
Actually you can blame Bush and the GOP for the national debt & economic crash...and thank Obama for saving us from another Great Depression
Old fool
Bernie you lost and u got screwed by your own party on top of it. How's that working for u.
LIAR...YOU ARE A SOCIALISTS...
And who doesn't want to add 18 trillion to the debt in 10 years.i know I do! We have 18 trillion in debt now, but if we could double it?YES!
Al gore, Hillary and bill Clinton, Bernie sanders all use politics to get rich while their supporters remain poor.
Only in your mind
republicans are radical. wanting to cut Medicaid is just ridiculous. Democrats are fighting for the middle class...
Don Jr for President  2024 . Eric Trump for President  2032  Ivanka for President  2040  and so on....

Except for people who commit fraud...fraud not frog
Wrong answer you Lying Old Socialist Devil, The Am.P are against you & the Lib-nerds, that's why you & Crooked Hillary lost Big Time! !
The majority is not on your side...if it was we would not have voted #realDonaldTrump  in as president.
you go Bernie!
BULLSHIT.
Stop counting ILLEGALS as #Americans 
Majority of people kicked 1040 Democrats out of office !
How would reauthorizing #Medicare codes 94997 and 94997 prevent psychosis & crisis? By databasing preventive metrics across State lines 4All
@SenMajLdr @LogCabinGOP slashing Medicaid prequires #HSA subsidies (u got a better term handy?) for #AdvanceDirectives given that HIV+SSDI♡
The majority of ppl in the south were once in favor of segregation. Just cuz ppl favor something doesn't mean it's right, Slick.
What change are we fighting for Bernie?
Take from people who work and give to the POS that don't
Bernie is not talking about taking from people who work to give to those who don't. Listen to Bernie and learn or be quiet.
Redistribution of wealth...u be quiet
Indoctrination has Dems Blind! Read Mark Levin's "Rediscovering Americanism - And the Tyranny of Progressivism"
Get your Socialist/Communist/Marxist but outta hear. Americans want no part of it!
Radical change can be good change too. It can be popular change too.
They support fraud?!
You are delusional. Seek help immediately.
Would it be possible to come to the side of the American people for once?
#GeoEngineering #Fukushima
#Fukushima #GeoEngineering
Nuclear Emergency Tracking
Details http://www.netc.com/ 
7/17/17 1129am EST
…
Bank fraud Bernie
Yea keep dreaming Bernie! YOUR LOSING MORE PPL EVERYDAY TO THE TRUMP TRAIN! YOU HAVE NO MESSAGE OTHER THAN FREEBIES AND VIOLENCE
Senator Sanders wants the best for all of us. Health care for everyone preposterous! Get over it folks look at England, Spain, Germany, cont
