To wake up & see that a Senator's wife committed bank fraud & he used his position to stop an investigation is devastating. #BankFraudBernie
Yeah, you seem devastated. Snowflake.
There is no way,YOU BUTTERCUPS  will win.
We buttercups are fighting for millions of others. And we'll win so much you'll get tired of it.
Who are you fighting for--the millions who receive government handouts? The millions of illegals in our country? Those incarcerated?
And many more!
This is the problem w/ the Left--you want to "fight" (not really, though) for everyone EXCEPT the producers who actually pay for everything
Hilarious! They run the world! I'm just trying to balance the power a little bit. A few dozen families possess half the world's wealth!
Health Care is not a right. No such thing as rights. They are things that people expect of their government, things they feel entitled to
That's not true! People agree to follow the laws of a sovereign nation state in order to have our inalienable human rights protected.
What part of the Bill of Rights guarantees Universal Health Care?
There are SO MANY WAYS in which we govern inefficiently and poorly. Why must we constrain ourselves to a faulty constitution/BOR as tho we
Aren't autonomous, free willed ppl who can change the status quo and improve the quality of life for those who need it
If ur whole argument is that "there's no such thing as rights" then 1. Ur wrong and 2. It's a moral question we're clearly opposing on
History is a fiction agreed upon by the victors. Everything that exists is a lie told to comfort the ignorant.
??? Okay? Your pseudo-intellectual babble is really unnecessary here
Health Care isn't a right, it is a privilege granted through tax money.
Only if people lack humanity!  Otherwise, you may as well line us up in front of mass graves and shoot us in.  Or use gas chambers. Kinder.
Health Care system has only existed for a few decades, is not a right, but a social contract expected of the government. An entitlement.
Unless you have cash to pay?
We all pay for health care in one way or another. Nothing is free!
Now ya get it. And she ALL pay, it is cheaper.  And then there was light.
*WE
These people don't get it. Healthcare isn't a human right? Let him say that to his child when they need it.
Well the shit America and American are ifacing it is because of you and your minions, Putin's #Berners
The truth often hurts. I am a proud democrat and I do everything to protect my party. I #Resist swamp, #Berners and Russians.
Next  time you may as well tweet me in Russian.
Ahhh, but Bernie, why don't you donate and help her out?  We know about the $millions Clinton paid you.  Put your $ where your mouth is.
I have lupus. My ability to get insurance & regular healthcare enables me to stay healthy enough to work and contribute. Without it...
Leftists are working people up saying the GOP is going to take away everything. Get actual facts not leftist rhetoric.
Healthcare is not out of your control.  They sell policies every day.  The cost of my policy did double under ACA though.
That's why the Dems said help us make it better.  They voted over 50 times to repeal instead.
Tell Jas they're after her healthcare, right to vote, privacy, property; if they succeed,she'll be back to being a slave
We want Medicare for all & that does not mean taking away health coverage. It means improving what we already have.
With the exception of#Drtoken, does the#liarinchief have any contact with black or brown people. He fired Angella Reid pretty darned quick.
The Mexicans will be coalminers , they tend to be short, Hispanics will work in the house & blacks'll be driving miss daisy if they're lucky
I have diabetes   know how you feel  could be hundreds of things that are preexisting when u sign up for a new plan
My son is type 1.
Hey Comrade Sanders:
Why haven't you'd tweeted about Don Jr.'s Russian Collusion that sabotaged HRC's Campaign?

Why? Because you did it too
It was Hillary's centrist message that didn't appeal to the populist wanting Americans who have been screwed by neoliberalism
Why isn't @TheLord_Snow watching kiddie porn with Assange? Is it break time?
#Troll
Good!!!
Face the nation was disaster DNC chair was bad doesn't get it. Explain what the GOP has been doing sabotaging ACC right from the beginning.
This is pathetic. No one is taking health care away from anyone. A plan will be available at a lower cost. This is ridiculous
Bernie how can you stand up their and throw darts at GOP when Obamacare sucks and the Fraud charges.
The only one saying that is you.  Stop trying to scare people
The CBO said this bill would take away coverage from millions and cut medicaid by 800 billion. You call that fake propaganda?
I call it reasonable for those that are able-bodied to work for benefits, even if it's picking up trash on our streets and beaches.
Because Russia declared war on us and Putin is an KGB thug who murders people who disagree with him.  THEY HACKED OUR ELECTION.
You advocate extortion to fund bureaucracy, that pays an oligarchy to perform charity for profit. That is not a moral or Pius endeavor.
This women needs to quit watching mainstream media and she wouldn't wake up all upset
You guys tweeting about Bernie, but Trump just gave away billions of dollars in arms, embarrassing American intelegence but ACA is too much
People will die if they lose the minimal coverage they have. Are you saying thats unimportant?
Nope, that's just as Important. I'm just point out the folks that keep talking about Bernie "investigation"when Trump isBreaking the country
What investigation?
The one in regards to his wife and that college.  People a trying do desperately to smear his name.
That had nothing to do with my tweet you responded to. So Im confused
Nw. I think my original tweet confused you. Wasn't implying people to stop talking about Bernie, but about the people who always smear him
Oh, Ill agree to that then

To constantly wake up to the fact that I still can't afford health ins after losing it 6 yrs ago is just devastating. Get out of my life!
to constantly wake up to @TheDemocrats penalizing me for not buying a product from multi-millionaires is devasting
I worked and paid for my healthcare. Why don't you?
It is sad that it is a right, not a previlage, to receive government aids. There are too many people who think they are entitled to handouts
Years ago, Congress didn't want the medical plan they created for us, and used SS money for computers to set up the best plan for themselves
It feels horrible! If those in Congress would have to accept and use this coverage they want to pass for us, they would think differently.
Join the military and get it for free! Oh wait wasn't @BernieSanders  the one in charge of the VA? Not like he didn't screw that up!!!
Share your plan with her, Bernie.
@SenSanders Being in the white privileged 1% should also be a pre-existing condition.
Maybe the Left should stop lying to ppl? Then there'd be less worrying. No one cared when my plan, and my parents plan, was made illegal.
This Obama care is a giant turd.  We had better health care for all before the clowns took it over.
Nobody is taking HC away. Strong desire to put it back in the hands of the patient and Dr and get the gvt out of our lives. #FullRepeal
Take it away please.. .......NOW CONGRESS PLEASE HAVE MERCY ON THE REST OF US WHO HAVE SUFFERED
YES! This is me, too! Worrying each time I turn on the news.
Why not make it better, such as price for those whose increased bit to simply repeal bcuz u dislike someone is plain old foolish and stupid
Send this to @POTUS DONALD TRUMP. NOW THAT YOUR POTUS FOR THE LOVE OF HUMANITY FIX THE HEALTHCARE MEANS JUST THAT FIX IT NOW, NOT RUINATION
Bless you Bernie much love to you and yours
Amen
Perhaps you should explain 2 the young lady there is a HUGE difference between healthcare and health INSURANCE or don't u know yourself??
Stop listening to Sanders !  No truth to him.
Somebody who wants a hand out.
#Getonmyhealthcareplancongress
#getonmyhealthcareplancongress
How about congress gets on our healthcare plan instead of exempting themselves. Get on the new plan passed by law #getonobamacarewithus!!!!
I'm stressed out everyday. Say no to #Trumpcare instead support #MedicareForAll
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton needs to be in jail especially Hillary
and I did say no by voting Trump trump all day Trump 2020 b****
you and your Democrats and the liberal friends are taking money out of my pocket because I say no I have the right to say no
because this b******* that we get penalized because we don't want that stupid Obamacare it's unconstitutional that you're
if health care so good under Obama then you owe me $3,000 that's how much I got penalized since that law was in effect
Big Rs have become so callous since they sold out to the mega wealthy, turning US into a plutocracy---not the goal of the founding fathers.
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @HouseGOP #SaveOurHealthcare
It is devastating!!!

Yeah? Ask the Gard family how that feels? Beautiful socialized medicine and their death squad cloaked in a judges robe.
Socialist scum. Tried. Failed. Move on. @socialismsucks
Work harder. Earn it. I served my country for mine. @BernieSanders Bernies a #ivorytowerelitistcoward who lives off people li ke this woman.
How did people survive before Obamacare?
Showcasing one person when millions of us lost coverage, and decent premiums during the implementation of this failed legislation.
No one is trying to take away healthCARE, Bernie. Do you realize how ignorant you sound? Read the Constitution boy, maybe you'll get it.
If Government wasn't involved in Healthcare they couldn't take it away. #freemarket #FullRepeal #capitalism
Beasuse it's not true.
Free Everything!!! YAAAHOOOOOOO
@HuffPost @politico Not news!  Typical Sanders scare tactics.  Final bill not done.

Constantly waking up to having @POTUS  (a true patriot that loves America) as president is so so awesome and refreshing!
You ever notice that the people the government scews over is always a good speaker. Fake
Pardon my error Sen Sanders. I was thinking I was Tweeting the young lady with a very bad problem. The current admin. being problem #1
As a Veteran with a full disability rating, it is impossible for me to know what it's like to walk in your shoes. I prey for you.
Just as bad,2 wake up to a new  Russian collusion story.  Same story, different players.  Stop playing the American taxpayer; HC & scandal.
GOP plan is #DeathSpiral!
I don't see bernie on that health care.  You are a hypocrite bernie.
Taking my money from my family to pay for those who do not produce is a crime against my rights
How do we ever pay for healthcare if you're going to keep pushing bombs and sanctions???  You're crazy 
Hate to tell you Socialism, Don't work.
Bernie, why haven't you talked about how awesome Venezuela is in awhile?
@BernieSanders I agree, so stop lying to her and do your f'ing job. Get off twitter and negotiate a deal. Quit whining.
thanks Bernie for Obamacare and Medicaid!   You are the best !
Brainwashed millennial #WakeUpAmerica
To constantly wake up to hear a socialist with multiple properties whining about the plight of the oppressed is worse.
To wake up constantly hear someone want more of what I earned is devastating. How much of the fruits of my labor are you entitled too?
Sheep worry about healthcare-wolves worry about other preditors. Choose which one you are Bernie.

Yeah ACA did that to millions already.
If insurance policies were private not publicly funded then politicians could not effect healthcare
Jasmine and u r lying, if she loses her health care then it would be her choice!  All ur lies 1 can only assume ur wife lied to bank
The altruistic insurance companies wrote Obamacare. It's our moral right to have them force us to buy their products for the greater good.
Likeswise waking up to the news that someone is trying to take away more of my sweat earned $$, it's frustrating-
Taxpayers
Go to a country that has government run healthcare. Tell me how amazing it is. #CharlieGard
That's how we who had good affordable health care feel now because OBC made our premiums sky high and deductibles out of sight!
As usual nonsense - they aren't talking about healthcare it's health insurance. Bernie is clueless as usual.
That hurts to hear.
Bowen posting an sharing 
#Impeach Donald Trump and his Crocodile Cabinet and make a 3rd Party again! 
And no gerrymanding this time either!
#Impeach Donald Trump and his Crocodile  Cabinet and start the fuck over again 
Past time for a 3rd Party... N "No" Gerrymanding this time!
Misinformed and a follower make for a fool.
Statement of ignorance based on the fear that the progressive propaganda has wrought.
You can't afford healthcare because the govt doesn't want you to be able to, does everything it can to increase cost of healthcare
The #AMAcartel doesn't want competition in healthcare so you're "paying for the Cadillac and getting the Chevy" - Ross Perot
Shared to all group's including PTSD Veteran's,Military!!! 
(Pin, G+,Twitter, Instagram, Messaged) 
#Ppl matter not profit
Yea, projection is their middle name. 2 sets of rules their motto.
To constantly wake up to stories of increasing premiums and deductibles, it's just devastating.
"To constantly wake up to the news, that someone is trying to increase the unsustainable federal spending, it's just devastating."
Not just Health Care Sen Sanders. This Admin is trying to take away OUR COUNTRY.  It is VERY clear now The Trumps are using WH for PROFIT.
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU WORKING TO GET A GREAT HEALTHCARE BILL? STOP THE POLITICS,HATE & FEAR INCITEMENT AND GET TO WORK SIR.@FoxNews @CNN
@SenSanders next questions..can u receive basic treatment w/plan when deductibles are so high? Would u rather pay less or have it subsidized
Agreed! And they are SMILING about it!!!
Don't I love your country. In Kenya that's normal and we are used to it
@Johnmdugger please follow back
Please retweet this tweet, it needs to reach 600 RTs before friday...  https://twitter.com/215000439NGX/status/883968554902671361 …
Hello guys please help me reach 600 RTs, I am inlove with @Favelo_sa but unfortunately can't purchase any myself  pass it around... 
To be treated as inferior is the textbook definition of "DISCRIMINATION",to refuse needed medical care is "CRIMINAL NEGLECT"
#illegal #evil
Seems so callous to deny the sick and disabled the healthcare they need to survive or live a life.

Who is she , another unemployed actress?  Typical leftists propaganda bull.
This is gross. So she'll never have care again right? That's what we're supposed to believe? She's going to die?
No one will take away your health care , but your insurance will be taking away from you if your so call good health care is still running
The republicans want health care to follow rules of the market.  Market participants have choices which you don't have when you are sick.
I'm confused, is someone trying to get rid of all docs and hospitals? Last I checked, they are the "care" givers. Not insurance companies.
you sure as hell didnt care when obamacare forced people off their insurance and the regulations cut their hours! you're a liar !!!!!!!!!!!!
I have Crohns disease,I voted 4 @BernieSanders here in NY @GovAndrewCuomo SOLD our delegate votes 2 HRC Long ago...+ voter rolls tampered
Sanders supporters (of which I am one), try this: go to any of Bernie's tweets (like this one). Find 20 people saying negative things about
Sanders. Engage them all with 20 different replies. Keep it professional. You MIGHT get 1 reply. Bots bots bots bots bots bots bots bots.
...and damnit, I should have said "of whom I am one". Too late.
My son has been a type 1 diabetic for almost 10 years(he's 12 now). What will happen to him? He needs insulin to survive! pre-existing?! BS!
Buy him insulin. If insulin were $100 you'd have to pay insurance $120 to get it. Why is this so hard to understand?

FBI escalates investigation into Sanders' wife: report http://hill.cm/zn43oUn  
It's got to be be better then waking waking up to news about your wife's bank fraud investigation, look at the bright side of life!!
I agree
Not enough people are aware of how important health care is. Taking it away should never have been an option. It's outrageous.
@samanthargarcia exactly how I felt when they were taking away my plan and my doctor that I liked....
Hey Socialist Bernie! Does she have to pay for her insurance like my family does ?
Liberal propaganda!
I didn't do anything wrong either #feelthisburn
Is there a plan to remove Trump from office?
Mr. Sanders we need single payer health care
I don't want to pay for her insurance. Sorry!
Your better than this
I don't like waking up and hearing how you progressives are trying to take away my freedoms.

The Republicans want you feeling dehumanized.
Thats because its not news its #FakeNews
What ever did the country do before Obamacare?
I have heart problems, but my brain is still good enough 2 realize that Obama & Obamacare R Frauds created 2 strengthen the Globalist agenda
#BernieNClyde
Mine is already gone.  What about me?  Stop lying to American people!!!
Oh God I hope she'll be ok
My healthcare is gone. They took it without my consent. I could not afford the premium. I paid 4my healthcare. First time in my life - NONE!

Still waiting for an answer as to why we can't have the same healthcare as you Senator?
And you made it unaffordable for everyone else, you socialist criminal
I pay for my healthcare
Gimme a break
Hey, Jasmine!  Stop listening to ole Sanders and CNN or MSNBC.  They will lead you to being stupid.  They are lying to you. You'll have it.
Maybe try a different channel and most definitely pick another person to be your hero
I know how that feels. Obamacare took all my money and I still can't use it. You poor thing. I barely have enough money to buy groceries.
This wouldn't be an issue if you had gotten behind Hillary and not attacked her for the entire election. #neverbernie
Wow I wake up every morning and can't afford healthcare, how nice it must be for you to worry about losing it.
Since when is healthcare a right.
#repairnotreplace
Um...what the heck did you do before 2013 when Obamacare hadn't launched yet?
You're a bunch of pathetic scare-mongers Bernie ... how bout you offer a real IDEA one of these days?
Relax Jasmine, you should have been worried about Obamacare or what was left of it. Tell her Bernie how bad it was.
@SenSanders with what we have we estimated his life span would be another 2 1/2 years.
@SenSanders my 12 yr old son looked at me and asked with such pain in his  how much insulin he has left until trump takes it away. Type 1
How about you deal with grown up things instead of passing that stress to your 12 year old?
