America is built on it .. , make me rich for your benefit ... aint that insurance .. the mob are the same .. we heard
It's called being responsible.
"Richest Country" We owe our A$$ to China
It's unconscionable that we have a Russian colluder in the White House.
Russia stuff really getting old...just saying
What is you solution?
It means they should put aside a emergency savings account.
if I was $20 Trillion in Debt would I be the richest guy?
same people who whine about the top 1% are the same people who waste money on cigarettes and nights at the bar and wonder why they're poor
I see you're an expert then, to be able to talk of human nature like it's text book behavior. If you don't ask then you'll never know.
Well you've already got a car accident running your country, so I agree.
Feels more like a train wreck to me, lol
https://www.countries-ofthe-world.com/richest-countries.html …
Sorry, Qatar is richest. We're in 13th. But you're still right our citizens shouldn't be left so vulnerable!
I was born with genetic condition so I am one of those ppl. If I lose my healthcare my health will plummet & I will die! #BCRAKills!
They will say you should have picked different parents. Or earned $10 million to save. They are disgusting. 
You are inciting violence
Then you should focus on creating higher paying jobs instead of giving everything for free
Sounds like "if they were rich they could afford it. So since they're poor they should just die"
Yep, there will always be poor people. We have to make sure something like a car accident doesn't financially ruin them.
I wish I could die in a car accident but we can't get what we want right fuck this
Universal Healthcare is to expensive we need money for other things Merica #Priorities
But Mr brousoul they wouldn't b in DC in the first place without oodles and oodles of corporate payolla, so...they probably aren't listening
Oh, I'm aware. Both parties are guilty
just arriving on the scene late to mutter platitudes about stuff ur already well aware of because I finished workin for today + idk,boredom?
Cool beans. I'm just calling out assholes, if you want to join in.
Nah. I think I'll listen to the rain and thunder 
Hey I get the sturm und drang fever on occasion, I parked on a guy in VAs front lawn the other day to invite him into a conversation about..
The monstrosity of a confederate flag he'd  placed there,was revved up & ready to go then a good friend psst in my ear about the possibility
Well maybe you should redistribute some of your wealth to help offset some of the costs.  I mean really who needs 3 houses anyway
Gee, if only the democratic runner up had given the candidate a full throated endorsement and swayed his voters more heavily...
If only the runner up's campaign didn't undermine the front runner's campaign and help elect a fascist
So just like the @DNC did to itself. You literally have no one to blame but yourselves. Count the vote tallies how does it even come close?
It's further unconscionable that somebody worth $300K before the election is now living in a $600k mansion.
And didn't work til he was 40. I started working at 13
I forgot that he was on welfare up until he got a job...
then they should stop eating McDonald's smoking and texting while driving oh and live within ur means don't waste money save it
This would be great advice if medical costs weren't so high in this country.
all the more reason to take my advice if u eat right and make smart financial moves u don't need to use health care as much
Have you ever considered the poor eat poorly because unhealthy foods are cheaper? A burger is a dollar, Salmon and apples aren't.
weak take.....i can get a weeks worth of fruits and veggies for like $10.... maybe if u said too lazy to prep their own meals
So do libs like the ACA or not?  Y'all are confused.
tell me about it... I've had cancer for ten years while working full time w/medical insurance. $250k in the hole due to co-payments...
My wife has Incurable Ovarian Cancer.  Just went on disability.  We are in debt due to bills.  If O care is overturned, were finished.
I will have cancer for the rest of my life too. I got leukemia from my ovarian cancer treatment.
I worked even though I shouldn't have & didnt qualify for NY threshold for any assistance at all.
It is unconscionable that my premium is up over 200% and deductible up over  250% in the last 3 years. Please fix this!
Without the ACA, your premiums would have went up even further. Regardless, we need single payer healthcare.
Sure....

My premium was X for 5 years. Then came ACA and my premium was X+X, and then X+X+X, but whatever you say.
Maybe your plan you had before didn't actually cover anything. Regardless, we need single payer healthcare.
We also pay for Europe's defense. Unless we turn the world upside down and put America first, no single payer for us.
Single payer will only cost another 100 billion. Slash military spending or end the tax cuts for the rich and its paid for.
How did we ever make it for over 200 years without Obamacare?
Have you really made it though?  People being bankrupted because they can't afford health care is unheard of in UK, Australia, Canada, NZ
That's your guy Obama that gave us the sht insurance.
You know Sanders supported a different health plan, right?
And this happened in the last 126 days???
Of COURSE everything was peaches & cream and unicorn farts until Jan 20 2017
It's unconscionable that we have so many people in this country dependent on govt.
You would let children starve?
Non sequitur
Perhaps ur unaware that many children depend on public assistance for a meal?
Perhaps you're unaware that if people had jobs and weren't dependent on govt they could feed themselves.
Did u know how many ppl on welfare have jobs and work very hard for very low wages?
1) how many?  2) isn't any a bad thing?  3) wouldn't it be better if people were educated/trained and had a job that didn't req welfare?
Yes, any = bad.  But many w degrees still earn low wages.  Education also not cheap.
Tell us what Healthcare plan covers you and others in Congress, Bernie.  I'll bet it's not #Obamacare and it's not available to the public
Bernie wants to give us that same insurance. It's most of the other politicians that don't.
No. Burny wants to give you socialized medicine. While he keeps his Cadillac plan. Big difference.
Also one diagnosis or car accident away from death...
Yes but we have the ability to prevent catastrophic medical financial disasters, death....not so much so. Shouldn't we fix what we can ?
Believe it or not, most who have gone bankrupt had private insurance.
Yes, which is only one factor that demonstrates how inadequate the private insurance industry/market has been & why we should not prop it up
And it's not "propping up insurance". It's helping people.  Profit in plans still exist because of GOP amendments shoved into ACA.
Well god forbid a private business actually make a profit. You bernie bots are all communists
Dude, Amazon, int'l CEO makes 24,000 per minute. His warehouse workers pass out from heat exhaustion. Don't worry. Wealthy are fine.
I don't mind asking for more from the wealthy, but not middle class. Go after billionaires and those making more than 5 million a year.
It is unconscionable that you've made millions off our tax dollars and have become part of the 1% by being a corrupt career politician! Sad!
Well, considering he wrote multiple bestselling books and was in the Senate for many years, he is going to be pretty comfortable.
Right! Bernie made a fortune by being a career politician! He's a leech suckling on the tax payer dime! Not good!
The Sanders family is in hot water right now. He's the last person who should be talking about fraud.
W/ only 2 wks left, healthcare needs to stay as is for now & articles of impeachment drafted. Any less by Congress is dereliction of duty.
No. The Democrats are going to keep losing elections if they keep whining about Russia. They need to show us they will actually fight for us
As an independant, don't care if Dems win or lose if Congress continues not doing its job. Am against anyone who is not taking action.
It's not "whining about Russia." Maybe pick up a book sometime. Maybe learn definition of treason and collusion. That'd be a good start.
There isn't any evidence of collusion though.
That Thomas guy is a troll. He went into my acct & tried to get a rise out of me bcz he doesn't agree w my politics. You can handle
Yourself but I wanted to give you a heads up. He wouldn't let up with me. I had to report & block him for going too far. All mu best to you!
Bernie sanders is a brainless liberal mooch. Thank God the dnc screwed u over. I am proud of president Trump
hehehehehehe...priceless! Bwahahahaha!
Being middle class myself, I didn't qualify for reduced cost health care or Obamacare. Ocare doesn't work!
Obamacare has a lot of probs, but millions of ppl got healthcare out of it!
Still waiting for you to lead by example
Rich hypocrite @BernieSanders doesn't have to worry about that because he exempted himself from ACA and pays zero for his health care
Isn't the obvious solution to expand what Congress has to all of us?
Obvious it's better than ours that's why they don't participate in ACA. Congress including #BankFraudBernie are greedy and won't pay
But Seen Sanders is proposing national health insurance for all bc ACA isn't enuf.
Sanders is all talk. He does nothing but run around the country trying to stay relevant. He Never once questioned why Congress is exempt
Trump is destroying this country.
Nah mostly lazy snowflakes looking for handouts
The myth of a "welfare queen" needs to die. Only 4% of people on welfare aren't working, and they need to be actively searching for work.
Urban people struggling for years this is nothing new
Everybody in the world is hurting
everybody in the world is not hurting.  grow a sack and make your life better.  nothing is given.  im tired of the victim card all the time
It isn't that simple. How can someone make their life better if the only job available pays 20k a year?
make fun of mcds or whotever but ive seen ppl move up the ladder quick and into regional mgmt if they show up work hard & are half smart
Not u though. You and jane are raking in million with the eviction of the very people you claim you want to help. @SenateGOP @GOP
bring back The Rent Is Too Damn High Party in 2020
FO REAL
It's unconscionable that a grown man let the Clinton campaign silence him.
Thank you for supporting my plan to DRAMATICALLY cut medical costs -
Addict! This is who we pay for!! Why? What's unconscionable to me is you are in govt!! This is a damn shame senator! Encourage people to
Then your wife comes and evicts them...
Impeach his ass!!
And one shitty senator away from Financial Disaster
So open up one of your houses, go down to one car, and practice what you preach instead of b---hing about what others AREN'T doing.
It's unconscionable that sociopathic right wing, substance abusing cuckolds don't believe this is true.
It's unimaginable that a court or government determines if a baby can live or die when there is a 10% chance he can live. #CharlieGard
here it would be the ins comp deciding if your child lives or dies. u think ins covers experimental treatment? at an out of state hospital?
So what you're saying those experimental cancer treatments  covered to terminally ill aren't  covered.
#Disaster What's the solution.  Who pays for it?
True, how many years have you all had to change things?  You're all the same
It's also unconscionable that working Americans, breaking their backs every day, can not afford to eat with out government assistance. HELP!
And people wonder why so few Americans take their vacation days at work
If only they weren't taxed to death so they could have a savings account.
Ok, then give us YOUR health care coverage, Mr Senator!
Or in Canada, one late pay cheque.
Just goes to show you the failed Obama administration.
What a bunch of flakes.
So are the educators in your home state of VT as of next year, thanks to @GovPhilScott neutering the NEA - how about you work on that some?
But they all have Obamacare and free healthcare.  How can they be that close to disaster?!!!
I feel this this account could be replaced by an algorithm that pulls sentences together from Bernie's speeches and no one would notice.
And I'd still like every tweet.
Your one of them
It is also unconscionable that millions of people in Qatar are living under modern slavery. Help @RecallCup2022
The whole population of Qatar is 2.2 millions
How are you saying that "millions" are living under slavery?
Thank you!
U could B walking down the Street & someone hits U & runs,UR stuck with all the bills,Dont The #Republicans think of these things?
Give up some of your money Bernie.  And how did you get so rich? Cheating would be my guess.  CHEATER!!!!!!!
You Go Bernie
And what ??? Are u going to give up all your houses !!! Give the money to the millions
Get out and work!! Not expect the govt to take care of them!!
Said the man who owns 3 $500k+ houses. You are a bigger con than DJT. I guess I can't hate on you for that effort lol
@SenSanders @KaiserFamFound @KHNews @MedicareGov at 85, after paying into Kaiser, he is being sent home before he should. . .
It's xenophobic and anti-muslim to blame the ruling House of Qatar for what happens to their citizens...the richest in the world.
Or that 420 people are worth more then usa spends on military in 3 years
They're trying to push us back into serfdom! Joke is in them though, eventually the people will have had enough.
Go away please
If we can't work to bring down the cost of Health Care in America, we can continue to blame each other & no system will work
Why don't you give them some of the money you and your wife stole Mr millionaire
He's right, I'm so broke if you rob me you'll just be practicing 
That's why we want you to join US! We will create the change we desperately need NOW.
#DraftBernie #PeoplesPartyNow
We can't all defraud a bank Bernie
its because of people like yourself bud.look in the mirror you'll see the salutation.
How would we pay for government health care? Higher taxes. Lower living wage. Look at Venezuela. Quality of life degraded.
Or one gall bladder away, as my husband found out.  Not to mention the subsequent re admission due to complications.
I agree. I dont have health insurance because i dont have a job yet and can't afford it. I have MANY major issues going on currently. 
So true and those of us with pre existing conditions can can be included as well. Double jeopardy for older folks facing an age tax o
All to make the rich even richer. Take away from those that need health insurance so the rich can enjoy tax cuts. Will they
Where on planet Earth is anyone immune to being one diagnosis or car accident away from financial disaster?
Yep. Life was going my way until a drunk driver made me wreck my motorcycle. Now I ride a bicycle bc i had to pay med bills w/settlement.
Single payer insurance will cost Americans TRILLIONS of dollars, perhaps ur wifey can arrange a loan with your commie bros. Get a grip!
$600K could probably save a family or two from medical financial disaster ... or it could buy Bernie a lakefront summer home.  #Hypocrisy
Haha, I wish people took time to read prophecy,  what's coming to the world specially America is scary.
That was the last 8 years.  We already gotten better with only 6 months into Trumps presidency.Get a life, people stopped believe these lies
Tellm take the bus
The worlds richest country which is 20 trillion in debt. Get a job that offers health insurance. I did.
Absolutely true and frightening! People NEED to think about this and make appropriate decisions--including who they vote for.
Thanks to the democrats.
And thanks to YOUR ego, we are on the verge of losing everything we gained under Obamacare. You are one DESPICABLE grifter. #FeelTheFRAUD
I totaled my car and shorty after lost my job because I couldn't make it there
If only there was some bank fraud scheme that could save them.
This what happens when you let pharma pay election donations in the millions to greedy congress and senate reps.
I use to be a raving socialist like u. I was vice president of a gov. local union I quit when my boss said quite or join Jimmy Hoffa.
It is unconscionable that of the G-20 nations only one of them has ANY bankruptcy as a result of illness/accident/unexpected medical issues?
Welcomes to the REAL world, of pay cheque to pay cheque,  survival.
And you care? Bank fraud?
MEDICARE FOR ALL.    DON'T GIVE UP THE THE SHIP.
that includes the 9 million who dropped the AFFORDABLE care act because they cant afford payments.lets see 9 million from 22 million
@WhitfordBradley A lot more people are living like this then you think. I have been at both financial ends it drains you.
How can the rich comprehend our struggles? The toughest decisions most of them've made regard privileges/freedoms/luxuries WE'VE NEVER HAD?!
Maybe donate some money to those people if you feel so bad for them #actionspeakslouderthanwords
Bernie really need to be living in a full-blown communist country
Or the UK. We manage it.
It's unconscionable to think that a man that has never had a real job owns more than one mansion.
We aren't far from another recession
Its unconscionable millions of hard working Americans are under financial stress, because their tax dollars pay for other ppls health care
Actually unconscionable that you would push single payer costing estimated $32 trillion. Socialized medicine DOESN'T WORK!
Works pretty fine here in the uk
Yeah if you like being put on a waitlist & having government make decisions about your health. #CharlieGard #NHSsucks
If you are considered an emergency you'll be getting surgery very quickly and if not your put onto a waiting list.
How can we be rich, Obama lost our AAA status, remember?   
Already happened to me Bernie wife had sepsis and we didn't have insurance... Was between jobs I now owe 15,665.38 I make 10.50 per hour
Yeah so let's steal from everyone else so that doesn't happen! While you're at it Bernie pay more than 14% taxes
Ok Bern. You made a statement, now give your idea of a solution....
Dubba dub dub dubba dub, dubba dubba dubba dub dub bubba. This is what you actually sound like Uncle Commy.
How would you know Bernie?
I just returned to work after 2 year hiatus to have a heart transplant. Finances completely drained. House almost lost New job at 62
And who's fault is that? Maybe they need to make better decisions. Ever heard of personal responsibility?
car accident covere by auto insurance
You speak the Gospel, Bernie!
Bernie no one listens to me. Unless we make taxes enjoyable to all we will always argue about taxes
Medical disaster too. The GOP bill will cause financial issues in our rural healthcare systems, especially in Western New England.
Exactly why we got the ACA in the first place
Lets hope this don't happen Bernie.
If only there was some way to fix that... hhmmm 
Move to Canada
I quess your one that don't  have to worry your rich !
I love you Beenie
http://Berniegotscrewed.net 
Get out of La-La land and you need to open your eyes. They are the most wasteful, including our wonderful gov. OBAMA prime example.

Bernie keep the faith!  The 1% are winning the battle but PLEASE don't let them win the war!  I am with you 100%!!!!!!
Thank you now let's impeach this pig!
No money, America is totally bankrupt.  You can give up your millions first.
Yes, it's unconscionable that people like you have lured them into thinking the government will take care of them.
You got millions Bernie surely you can help them out.
Far better for the state to provide that support rather than it depending on the whims of charity.
Why are all the reply by people not even from america?
Pharmaceutical industry and doctors mafia is the real challenge. Insurance is not a solution. Learn more from the UK NHS
A coworker got in a near fatal accident. Hospital/ICU stay north of 800k! 3-5 months specialty rehab to walk again. Good thing for the ACA
when liberals write the laws you get hyper inflation of bills, so now you should fix the problem you created right?
Why is that Bern?  Obamacare is still the law. Is it not working?  
America is void of conscience and consciousness. "Freedom" as a principle is meaningless if collective responsibility is not also embraced.
The majority of medical conditions are avoidable through lifestyle decisions
It happened to me with a motorcycle accident. I had no insurance and the gov wouldn't help because I had too much $ in my account go figure.
Because all you rich greedy fuckets only care about yourself.
Right wing and capitalists fear the truth.
Says the guy with how many houses? 
And calling out the dnc for what they did to him. I lost all respect for him when he campaigned for Hilarey like a good puppet
So true! Cancer #1 in 2014, cancer#2 in 2016.
Maybe they should get a job and save their money, no?
Rich in $$... bankrupt in compassion.
Where the hell were you 9 years ago? #alltalknoaction #fellthisbern 
Why do people live beyond their means and expect the government to get them out.   Dee
Me.
Well, th unbelievable contrast between th unbeatable wealth & th MEASURABLE value of human life in th US has been around 4 decades
It's a feature, not a bug.
Yes it is!!  Look at what failed Obamacare has given us!  Premiums that have doubled. Deductibles have tripled! Shame!  #MAGA 
You forgot or a college tuition away...
Relax! That's the cost of living!
With ACA you might have lost YOUR doc but you could afford others. GOP plan you have access to all docs but you won't afford any of them
Welcomed to reality because
#ChristineLagarde, head of #IMF,  found guilty of "negligence" for approving a massive gov payout to business tycoon
Bernie many many are in disaster before those no savings no way to s
Not you though. You're getting rich with Clinton payoffs.

Yes and you had the chance to fix it with ObamaCare and botched it
And bank fraud
How's your new house upon the Lake Bernie

Put me on the list. As a matter of fact, I don't know anyone not on that list.
As a breast cancer survivor I live it daily!!
It happened to me. My daughter was in a 4 wheeler accident and we ended up with 25,000.00 of bills.
Too bad you help Trump get elected. Real men know when to pull out
Tell it to the FBI you old socialist hypocrit.
Agreed, Senator. Medical expense is the number one cause of personal bankruptcy -- or was before speculating in housing markets...
Thanks to the ACA everyone is much closer to this
