Please take a moment today to read the historic speech: https://www.archives.gov/files/press/exhibits/dream-speech.pdf …
"We must not allow our crea-
tive protests to degenerate into physical violence...
Too late for. BLM and ANTIFA destroy every town and City they are in & attack everyone that disagrees with them
With so many crazy things happening w/TRUMP as POTUS 45...it's hard for some of us to understand it all.  Like #DefendDACA & HURRICANE IRMA
#2) Why this Category 5/6 Hurricane just happen to have my name, who knows. Thank Goodness they spelled ERMA with an (I) instead of an (E)
#3) I getting calls where I'm being tease because they named the HURRICANE>>>IRMA. @GodsWordIsFree @SuperckookLarry https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8hEbCVeG3A …
#4) @Adair19 @realAliTweets @rainrainrain77 @MinnieBellW @Willis_Hubbard_ @SandySnoble63 @LewisCo86458825 @The_Dixon_Cider @PearlieMaeJones
#5) @frankandjannie @RobertandRosie @shannon_sandy @Simeagh @JacksonPropGrp @Fun_Investor @irenedorsey321 @bannerite
#6) With Hurricane Harvey & now Hurricane Irma, hopefully TRUMP has changed his mind about the cuts @Hrw @HRC @NAACP
#7) @BarackObama @SenWarren @NancyPelosi @Oprah @TheView @CBSThisMorning @voter1vote @Eemunchagote @GMA @llstudent08
#8) @BFostersbox @MarilynCapps @LarryRK04 I read your tweet @BarReNaples abt Hurricane IRMA, let's hope for the best
MLK would be appalled at today's identity politics & everyday use of the word racist 4 anyone who doesn't see eye2eye w/you. So much hate.
Stand by trump?!?!
MLK never ran through the streets massacring ppl with clubs w hoods and scarfs over their face. He would complete disavow all of you
Or that you actively fight against those things he stood for. You cannot claim both men. By choosing trump, you automatically exclude MLK
I don't protest. I feed my family and hundreds of employees.  You all are rioters and MLK would disavow you. Guaranteed.
The first thing I said was that king was a non violent protestor and I outlined a large reason why. I have never protested nor rioted, but i
Yes !
Remember Barney, MLK was a REPUBLICAN. By the way, I don't think he talked about "economic justice," (redistribution of wealth).
https://youtu.be/Hgwtd4X_qFM 

Yep. I can't wait to hear this speech at the next Republican really.
I had requested a pass from Fort Belvoir VA so as to hear MLK  (and Peter Paul & Mary), but the Sgt. said "no, those Negroes might riot."
Dream didn't include a racist President
Ain't you glad. Phucbama is bad history. Now join making America a better place that can and will.
A great America would be when you eat foods you weren't eating poison because money trumps morals
What kind of Liberal reply is that?  I did not elect a Sunday School Teacher.  I elected a President who will kick globalist liberal ass
I think the real reason for murder Dr.#MartinLutherKing fears he was going to be First African American President of USA.Look the crowd size
MLK stood for what he believed in, and wouldn't compromise that. Politics is the complete opposite of that.
 important everyday
If we forget our past, we are doomed to repeat it.
we need MLK - he probably can't believe we went back 60ys of progress
So I guess like illegally stealing money from big banks? So your wife brought down a whole college that way, no college for thousands!

Typical progressive small minded child. I state a actual event, you call me a unwarranted name! Maybe someday you can converse like a man
Better than the current occupant of the White House and his Education Secretary
Resources to steal things that don't belong to them and chalk it up to their hard work and inventiveness
We've been singin 'We Shall Overcome' for a hell of a long time. And we still mean it.
As of today, We Shall Overcome is in the public domain! I was expert witness for the Plaintiffs. Today we freed We Shall Overcome! 9/8/2017
Legendary!

"white privilege" is abuse of the law.  (One sided)
With afirmative action and minority grants people are exactly who they chose to be. If they fail, they chose to fail

Bernie Obama decimated that dream by Racially dividing this Nation and promoting racial violence
Yes, he was a great American and a Republican.  You followers are Antifa, BLM, and and radical left. MLK was not radical left, but opposite.
54 years ago today MLK told us he "had a dream."

Thanks to Trump and his ilk, right now, we're in a living nightmare.
Recovering fron the 

Recovering from the racial dividing nightmare created by phucbama. Trump will eventually get black attention.
Logic, much?
"those who don't know history are doomed to repeat it"
They're tearing down History because it hurts their feelings. They served as a reminder how far we have come.
He was not a communist Bernie you old boob.  Social justice is a communist construct Bernie!
Hey the john birch society called, they want their douchebag back. Bernie is a socialist. King was an anti-capitalist. Are the pieces
Punk is right!  Maybe you should think about a GED.
Sorry Dave, punk is a kind of music that came around when you were in your 60s. That was before I got my Masters degree.
It may be music douchbag but for you it's just an apt description of a slimey low life punk.  A Masters!  What cereal did you get that from.
MLK was a Republican
Haha, so was Lincoln. You're so smart. So they HAVEN'T been the party of dog-whistle politics since at least Nixon. Thanks for clearing that
Can guarantee every statue being removed or destroyed recently is a Democrat, that's a fact jack.
If the point you're trying to make is that the party in control of the South politically, has historically been racist, mission accomplished
Knowing such information is a fact, what is the most logical choice of party affiliation for MLK? Either Independent or Republican????
If you think MLK would stand with DJT and today's Republican party, you're deluding yourself. He was stood against racism, militarism, and
Did you know MLK? So now your views are his, and my views are delusional, I bet the real answer would surprise us both.
I can read/listen to his speeches hear him say explicitly where he stands on issues like capitalism, militarism and racism You should try it
So tell you OWN DAMN PARTY.
And, the importance of how its articulated
Maybe they need a renta or borrow a bike without the trash around the Washington the monument.
54 yrs later we have KKK which Dems created, Black panthers MLK despised and created by Dems, Altifa which Dems created and fueling and OWS
The majority of black americans celebrate the image of MLK, but agree with very little of what he said or believed.
Today 54 years since MLK's "I Have A Dream" speech @SenSanders is race baiting minorities, lying & distorting facts, & spreading xenophobia
And environmental and social justice!!
Also ... my birthday .., so celebrating  in style with Martin Luther King's legacy/ struggle !!
HI bernie
The year I was born... 
The year the secret gov cleaned house.
The essence of America is the striving of our people. The songs are for them. And so they will always be!
Not much has changed.
Who would of thought some rich baby would reintroduce Naziism and white supremacy to try and move us backwards?
Amen
Si les réponses possibles sont rendues moins visibles,
une des solution pour palier à ce problème est de répéter les choses plus d'une fois
Any modifier like "racial", "economic", or "social" requires deviation from objective justice and by its very function cannot be just.
Now you're just pandering......
MLK was also a God fearing Baptist preacher. His message is BIBLICALLY-based. But you denied a Christian from taking office. Hypocrite much?
What do you mean by this?
Bern praises MLK for his BIBLICALLY-based message, yet denies a man a govt office because of the SAME beliefs. Bern is a hypocrite.
MLK would be ashamed of you and what the Democratic Party has done to this great nation not 2 mention the black race!
More importantly he wanted people to come together as Brothers and Sisters in Jesus. Something your government doesn't support.
When y'all gonna have his statues removed or change street name. Discrimination and racism has no place here. So eye for eye.
Let us pledge to respect all humans and stop allowing Liberals to use this as a manipulation to regain power. You are a horrible congressman
Justice =/= stealing money from businesses and people
You should take a moment and realize that your vision of economic Justice is contrary to what MLK was actually talking about.
Right on
We love you Bernie!
Surprised @RealDonad_Trump  didnt use this picture.
Wasn't 1st time he gave that line, just most famous but totally agree with sentiment
@realDonaldTrump bet this many people didn't show up at ur inauguration
Amen to MLKJ
Does that mean your going to get a real job?
DJT falls asleep @ night, loses sight, awakes in his world-void of realty; peppered with lies & divisiveness 4 all but his deplorables.
The only thing is burning is your view of America is the turning into communism socialism it's in your messages sad
Thanks for the reminder, more pertinent now than ever
Yes
Where is the peace?
Especially for the WWC, right Senator? Say hi to Nomiki.
You have lost sight of a lot of thing bern
54 years to go from colored people to POC. We've come full circle. Today, mlks speech would be considered hate speech by leftists.
Yet here we are in 2017 and ain't nothing changed but the weather....his dream well you already know.
Best thing ever is what happened to MLK was at the motel in Memphis. Should have been done sooner. God bless President Trump.
His statue should be removed ! Blacks aren't interested in their history, and could care less about MLK .
Mr Trump! Take a lesson or two.
#BankFraudBernie
Let's also focus on his lack of hate and violence. Please. We have a lot of work to do. Let's denounce ALL hate rhetoric.
MLK was fighting the "Democrats" for racial and economic justice. Know and learn some real history @SenSanders.
I echo your sentiment. If only the last president and the current one didn't choose sides and use "identity politics." That's the issue.


MLK never once called for "social justice," "racial justice," or "economic justice" in his speech. Please go back to your mom's basement.
We've regressed.  We're now a century removed from that kind of unifying aspirational leadership. The hateful forces that ended it are back.
Or free speech
54 years huh , still waiting you guys in the government are doing some job , I'll give you another 54 , maybe we'll see a change !
This is a photoshopped photo.  I was there.  This is not what it looked like.
Good idea, you could certainly use a refresher on MLK's message
Economic justice???? Why don't you start by spreading your wealth? Or does that only apply to other people?
It's not going to be easy-given state of the political machine.Have to wrest power & seats from the GOP-for the most part-despicable bunch
You're a Socialist, right?  You admire Stalin and Mao and yet talk about justice?  Wow!  Anywise, here's your AntiFA... also RACIST!
Why don't you actually read his words and act upon them..he certainly wouldn't have chosen you
So moving :)
Thank you
You should've been our president
You and the Dems have created EVERY bit of racial divide. Things were sold much better ten years ago
Bs___b, this is past history that should be removed/forgotten in a similar manner as past confederate history.
I think he would be horrified by the identity politics and fascism you leftists have unleashed on our country.
Never forgot that speech. Played an important role in my life.
I1968, our Rabbi played 'Dream' speech for Shabbat. I was 15.  Made such an impression  I became a Public Health Nurse for the Underserved.
Yeah Bernie he was a good man but now your people are calling him the new leader of the KKK what's up with that
Totally concur.  I could not have said this any better!

I had a dream that all the liberal democrats drank Jim Jones kool aid and the world was a better place
STUPID COMMENT
Seems the people in Houston took the message.I saw white woman being carried to safety by black men and white men helping their fellow man.
In times of need the true character of mankind emerges. Usually that is good. Sometimes paranoia reigns.
Left has totally lost his dream! #nojudgementcolorofskin
Look at that crowd, I think it is bigger than the inauguration! :)
Clearly you didn't understand his speech.
Would you fight for equality where institutional racism exist? Many decades and many broken promises.
Was reading "Letter from Birmingham jail" thinking why are an in proportionate # of poor, minority students are referred for special ed.
Our dream is when we start demanding justice for 2016 Dem primary/caucus fraud. Don't trick working people. #DNCFraudLawsuit
he never mentioned economic justice. You just making that up. There isn't a thing called economic justice. If someone breaks a law prosecute
Yeah. Sure. You are unbelievably unqualified to comment on his words. Liar.
We love you Bernie
Not important old man , Houston is more important
Sadly milk was a great man, but idiot Obama made a mockery of his legacy
And he didn't spend the next seven months talking about his crowd size. Though really, if you know you have a big one, don't have to say it.
Hurricane Harvey victims are more important old fart,
What a crowd, lol.
Like owning multiple houses as a government employee. That kind of economic justice, Bern?
He didn't call for Racial Justice. He called for racial integration & harmony. You're deliberately using his words for division. U R senile
America
Also Texas is flooding soooooo
This is why I am proud to be an American! The courage, the poise, the intelligence! Truly MLK was an American hero &  inspiration for us all
MLK didn't want us to judge people based on there skin color, unlike the left.
I was a kid, 12 years old, but I was allowed to hear MLK's speech, thanks to an unbiased mother. His words rang true then as they do now!
And just what do you think the economic justice should be Bernie?  That ppl are only allowed to make as much money as the liberals decide?
#FIGHTON #CONTINUE2RESIST #BELIEVE
yes sir because no more we should over come now fire and burning looting and death no talking is today's society
The times we are living now isn't what MLK dreamt about
YES!
BERNIE...you ROCK.
Bernie we love you
Exactly!!
#ArakanMassacre
Be careful, Bernie. Trump may take this photo and claim it was a crowd at one of his rallies.
Goto hell commie
#MartinLutherKingJr would be horrified&SAD at Today's America!..
Dream turned into a nightmare...
Of course. Penalize the working people to grow the welfare society and give more power to government. not my idea of productive society.
Never lose sight of the dream. Judge a man by his character and abilities. Do not support affirmative action which judges us by color.
Yo Bernie I really really hope you run in 2020 it worked out so great last time !
So, why do you love the hateful Antifa criminals?
...Oh, let's keep this in perspective, Trump's inauguration crowd was much larger than MLK's
Not only have we, it was the left and their billionaire benefactors that did it.
MLK In an ebony magazine told a young man his attraction to boys was culturally conditioned and he need to be cured. Civil Rights #LGBT
You are no MLKJ!!!ass hole
Thanks to you trump won <3 blessed be
Obama, Communists ignore MLK principles#ignorance brought  back racism# Racismal most dead#Learn from  history#Not live in the passed.
Thank you Senator Sanders for leading the moral and ethical campaign...from a concerned citizen of the world and of Cornwall, UK...Thank you
Hahahaha. Have you seen the economy in Vermont?
You lost sight of Hillary, Bernie, standing behind you with a knife in your back.
uhm know ur old n completely out of reality but there's a bit of rain in Texas. Preach 2 ppl bout helpin not irrelevant drible.
No, it won't happen. The 1% are the people that create economies, wealth and strength. Socialism encourage laziness.
First time seeing this I color
Dans un monde où des convictions peuvent encore signer un arrêt de mort, on dira que ces vies données font évoluer les mentalités
How about non-violence, Mr. ANTIFA/revolution?
All that is needed is to shut the media up. Houston's example fr the past five days proves to the world that the division is manufactured.
MLK jnr RIP 
Bernie your a great human being! Equality,respect,integrity....nothing more to say 
Racial and economic JUSTICE equals the state,which equals communism D bag!
Is the exact spot where he stood marked?
Obama is still my president. ..
He was an ok man. Wake up, he is not.
I agreed with you Bernia as of today the American people are in trouble. .
Well practice what you preach Bernie !!! Give your 3rd house that beach house to a needy family and your sports car too!!
Nor, lose sight of the fact MLK was a registered REPUBLICAN. He knew where you Dems were at and it ain't pretty.
Equal opportunity does not guarantee equal results.  Nor should it.
It was actually yesterday! Where have you been? Busy with your wife's criminal investigation?
Then why do u NOT come out and denounce Antifa and the violence that they create? Stop pandering and help MAGA.
..Have your #unityreformcommission minions figured out that you are just looking for PR & more $27 donations yet?? #Bernie #BERNIE2020 #DNC
..Have your #unityreformcommission minions figured out that you are just looking for PR & more $27 donations yet?? #Bernie #BERNIE2020 #DNC
. .Have your #unityreformcommission minions figured out that you are just looking for PR & more $27 donations yet? #Bernie #BERNIE2020 #DNC
.Have your #unityreformcommission minions figured out that you are just looking for PR & more $27 donations yet?? #Bernie #BERNIE2020 #DNC
I have a dream. That Monsanto stops poisoning our crops and food is labeled.
God bless him and his legacy!
And let us act to fulfill it, finally, too.
Let it be as evident as He said it in consideration that it is theobvious truth
Wife find the missing millions yet
Weak crowd, small numbers, way smaller than trumps inauguration crowd...
We commit his body to the grave and his soul to the universe, free at last, free at last
