I will ask a Canadian myself next time I meet one at our local US hospital getting treatment they can't get at home.
When u do please video it because I've spoke to a lot if Canadians about their HC & they tell me that's a myth along with wait time #ProveIt
You must be speaking to "iffy" Canadians, then... http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/canadian-medical-tourism_us_5949b405e4b0db570d3778ff …
Nope, friends live there & have 0 investment in our healthcare. What insurance Co r u repin to be this invested in it failing?
ACA was doomed to fail from the moment it got rammed down our throats... no, I am not with any insurance co.
You find 1 neg article vs. hundreds & that's the 1 you cling to? Says a lot about your position. We need single pay & tweek it to our own
Single payer is the LAST thing we need! Bernie wants to rename the US to New Venezuela.
When Canada wrote their BillOfRights they took our 200yr work in progress one, tweek &simplified it to make it their own. We can do SP same
You bet we love our medicare! We would fight tooth and nail to stop two-tier healthcare in Canada.
& we don't need private profit to jack up costs to levels Americans currently pay.
Darn right!

Bernie is furious we found this video! “If we expanded Medicaid to everybody...we would bankrupt the nation.” ,1987 

If that is true, why do so many of Canadians come to America to get medical procedures.
Grt
As a Canadian, I know it is not perfect. There are flaws, BUT! It is a sight better than other Nations I know of, cough cough USA cough.
Why do so many of you come to the US for better treatment then?
Simple, bc $$ will vault u to the front of the que every time...
That's ANOTHER LIE!

My husband is CANADIAN living here in US.

SINGLE PAYER SUCKS!
It's not perfect but as someone with a chronic illness I'm so incredibly thankful to have it- I honestly don't know how Americans do without
Canadians don't understand why American's are so afraid of it.
They like it because they know nothing else. When a crisis hits, how long do they wait in line? What health care do they really get?
I like it bc my husband had open  surgery and it didn't bankrupt our future. And he didn't wait for surgery either. #misinformed
As a Canadian, I am only alive because our great health care system. The US is crazy if it doesn't adopt something similar!
I am very grateful to be Canadian for ease of good healthcare as well. It is what keeps me living in Canada. It's cold here y'know.. :)
It's so popular here it's political suicide to mess with it - even for conservatives. It's not perfect, but it works.
Clearly a BS story.
The 6% who don't like the Canadian system should come to the USA.
We had all th numbers n 09 & a CiC who said Im 4 single payer thats when it all went side ways eventually u became  hrc/Borg queen's Locutus
THE OTHER 6% ALL DIED WAITING FOR SURGERY OR INSULIN!! You lie Bernie!!! Tell the people the truth about Canada, find 10 doctors
Compared to the UK system it is rubbish.
Do 94% of  like their Health Care system?

A curious 
Lol no way
We like it when it works and it's not working so well lately....Meaning don't get seriously ill Cuz you gotta WAIT BIGTIME!!
That is wonderful. Has 94% of Americans ever agreed on anything? If we even got 2/3 of that number it would be a glorious thing.
They loooovvvvve it
There is always room for improvement, chiropractic is not covered but over all it works.#UniversalHealthCare #SinglePayer #albertahealthcare

I'm Canadian. I've never met one single person who didn't like it.
Also said patients must wait over a year for some surgeries Single patience is works in communist socialist and 3rd world countries
The biggest problem Bernie is you expect every one else to pay for every one else. We are not a Marxist nation. We are a capitalist nation
I'll tell my great aunt who waited 6 months for an MRI
I am in the 94%!!!
I'm Canadian and I like it
Using the same polls that said @HillaryClinton would win. The reason you weren't allowed to run. So sad. #ivorytowerelitistcowards
Canadian healthcare needs work as well...but it's a human right that we all deserve
The other 6 % are lying .
They are likely FN and have every right/reason to dislike and distrust our system
Please read about Tommy Douglas, the man who gave Medicare to Canadians. At the time, he got some opposition too! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tommy_Douglas …
According to her because 94% of Canadians are free loading off the system. Sure it's great
Yeah, because we don't like going bankrupt or having to sell houses just to pay for medical care. Your current system is insane.
all willing to pay add'l $24,000/yr per family for single-payer, sign up now- if not shut up- we cannot afford it. Vermont turned this down!
I like it too. I know people who get their mess from Canadian pharmacies and save a ton of money. Canadians I know love their program
Disposable income is 17% higher than Canada's at present.  Tax cuts vanish. Cuts in military. Medicare for Senior Care becomes a traffic jam
THEN WHY IS THIS NOT A NO BRAINER???
More people have free healthcare in America than Canada. What's your point
I'm one of those 94%!! So grateful for our system, but it has room to improve (eg. my province doesn't cover vision or dental or drugs)
Like it? It defines us, @SenSanders. Keep fighting.
Met with the Canadian ambassador a few years ago. Said hospitals have a ave billing dept of 2 people. They just send bills to tourists.
Yes it is and we should have the same.
And the other 6% are in a coma and couldn't answer the survey
I have never once had to choose paying a bill over my health. I have a chronic illness. I am so grateful to live in Canada.
Love our PM and our awesome country!
its gr8 having health care but we get taxed to death here and it takes forever to see a specialist but i'll take it beats getting bankrupt
Remember that Americans spend more per capital on their health care, get worse outcomes, live shorter lives, and not everyone is covered.
I am a Canadian living in the states and know universal healthcare is the way to go. My Cdn family has had multiple procedures in Cda free
Including heart surgery and emergency surgeries, etc... all done with little or no wait times
Our system is not perfect, but it's surely better than yours. I wouldn't want to be sick when I visit my parents in Florida!
I can't imagine living where I had to decide if my baby was "sick enough" to warrant a $$ trip to get help. 
I'm a Canadian and I'm grateful for it.  I can  take my kids to the doctor any time I need to.  We don't lose our homes over a diagnosis
Bernie why would you accept Dr Martin word for 94% of Canadians. Get real I know many Canadians and no way do 95% like their healthcare.
I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Last time I was in Vancouver, I didn't see lines around clinics or bodies piling up in front of emergency rooms.  This is long overdue
Numbers don't lie
Yes everyone loves waiting 20 months for a  operation
That's bullshit. It's as bogus as your idea that 23 million will be kicked of insurance
This is a must watch for anyone, including doctors, who are skeptical about Bernie's Medicare-for-All plan. It will be an eyeopener.
And yet they come here because they have to wait months to see a doctor.  Take your ass to Canada and live there on their ins.
This is such a false myth I can't believe people are still repeating it.
No myth. Fact.
Nope, it's a myth. Cdns who go to US for care are mostly there for procedures not available in Canada.
Why do you Americans think you know more about it than those of us who live it?
You can have it.  We Americans do NOT want it.
Yes, so much better to end up owing $400k for a surgical procedure, ruining your credit for life. It's FREEDOM!
Republicans spread lies about the excellent Healthcare in other Countries. Of course Free  Government Healthcare is popular !
I lived in single payers.  WAS A COMPLETE CATASTROPHE and I HATED IT.  Dont be fooled by the Socialist/Communists like Bernie! Feel the bern
Canadian median wait times between PCP. And specialists are 20 weeks. Where you going to go Bernie when you need a MRI?
I've had over 6 mri's done in the last ten years never waited longer than a few weeks and it wasn't urgent
42000 Canadians come to USA yearly and pay the cost out of their pocket because of wait times in canada.
Canadian median wait times between PCP. And specialists are 20 weeks. Where you going to go Bernie when you need a MRI?
Oh yea I forgot your health care will be different than ours!
@poohsbrana despite some flaws, have to be a pure ideologue or very rich to not like it. Even right-wingers fear challenging it
how many of the 94% have experienced a system other than their own?
Happy to pay a little more in taxes to have hassle free health care and not be like the U.S.!
C'mon America once u hav all that extra money in ur pocket from not getting screwed by ur BS insurance provider you'll love Single payer HC
It seems to me, since Tommy Douglas, founder of their univ. hc, was named the greatest Canadian, they must pretty well like it.
The 6% expired.

FLASHBACK: Bernie Sanders in 1987 said “If we expanded Medicaid to everybody...we would bankrupt the nation.” 

Underpaid/overworked 
Doctors in Canada, yup that's success....
Ask the patients and workers that come from Canada to use U.S healthcare....
We are given a choice.  Plus some out of province care are actually reimbursed.
Really? Guess all the ones I talk to are part of the 6%, what are those odds?
Nice to have but are you willing to pay for it in doubling your consumer taxes, and raising income tax?
Then go to Canada!
Universal health care for all USA citizens. It is a humans right and a mater of decency. Wake up USA!
My guess is 94%don't know what single-payer is or if they it. They just know they won't lose their house if they get sick.
We're very lucky to live in this country & have the healthcare system that we do. It's not perfect, but everyone is covered. 
That's why they come to US to get treated or they die waiting?  You are a liar Bernie..
Hey doc? I'd like ur thoughts on this.
Repeal and replace Obumacare
Well if Dr Martin says it. 52.8% of stats are made up on the spot.
Bernie sanders says Americans love Obamacare. Same bullshit, different asshole
Dr Martin is full of shit.
What are your thoughts on Canadian health care system? @natetmi
How much did you have to pay this hired actress?  Quit lying to the Americans. Politicians are liars.
He is one of the least lying politicians. Trump lies the most. But politicians generally just reflect the population - they are a mirror.
ok since when do an Americans take their orders from Canadians
