The violence in Charlottesville was not caused by the "alt-left," (whatever that may be). It was caused by Neo-Nazis and white supremacists.
BS
Spin...
Spin...
Spin...
You're just another pile of BS...
Please censure the president
Drag him
Actually, I thought you may be a Nazi. The following is all taken from the American Nazi Party website, re: their beliefs.:1/5
"Of course, we have many other issues of concern, such as a true healthy environment, a "National Health Care System" 2/5
The Liberal Democrats & MSM are the embarrassment to this country.
YOU'RE SO WOKE
Breaking: footage of the alt-left storming Normandy Beach according to @realDonaldTrump
Breaking: captured photo of the alt left signing of the emancipation proclamation
OMG this thread - besides the creepy Nazis on it - is the best!
What's changed since you so easily decided to work with him? Since you set out to court his voters? This is who Trump always was.
@GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP stop separating trump from his actions, trump should be condemned and removed, not just his words
Thank you Bernie!!!
How's your pay-off car and house doing?
Not a democrat. Don't know how those things have to do with not condemning actions of Nazis though.
lol, who's a nazis? Trump supporters?

Ah. yes. Very good... so intellectual.
Bernie Sanders- Nazis is a socialist Party just like the party you ran on you whole life. So in your world you and Trump are a lot alike.
And u r desecrating the ppl who gave their lives fighting  communism. American troops, and the 100 +million murdered by commies since u r 1.
Because he won and you lost 
WELL SAID
You are totally wrong. Everyone, no matter their views, has a 1st amendment right to free speech. Antifa (Alt Left) shut that down.
Antifa has the right to free speech too, and to assemble, which includes counter-demonstrating.  The state shut down the hateful race rally.
Sorry, nice try. Antifa did not have a permit. They were there solely to create violence as they normally do.
So basically since they had a permit it's justified why they hit heather with a car and killed her smh
None of this was justified. Point being, all groups were condemned by @POTUS, starting with the White Supremacist.
He's not just embarrassing, He's destroying the fabric that holds our society together.
Says the self described socialist. Pound sand deuche
Thank you, Bernie! Well said!
Bernie, can't you please explain why @SenJohnMcCain HRC & others helped Soros overthrow elected Ukraine Gov & install Neo-Nazis Gov?
I saw the pictures of them all together cheering each other. 
Also about Charlottesville, the Neo-Nazie thugs that showed up ....
.... they dressed & looked the same as the Neo-Nazie who took over in the Ukraine.  
I researched Bernie, why ....
... why are you apart of this, you know all about world events, unlike those who only know what MSM tells them and don't know about world ..
... events. 
I used to love you Bernie, why did you roll over after you saw all the DNC wicked corruption first hand ?  Why are you going ..
.... beating this drum of resist & hate.  This has never been done to a US President before.  I understand the fear of the people ....
What are the political elite so afraid of that you're doing this, you Bernie, who wanted to stand up to the corruption, but you're not....
And you're a sellout...and??
Many of the #Antifa protests are funded by real #Nazi #GeorgeSoros , where's your outrage at that Bernie?
You and your supporters that murder people are and embarrassment
I have never been more ashamed to be an American. This maniac is trying to start a race war. #impeach
What does you being proud of being American have to do with Trump? I was proud to be an American despite 8 years Obama was a president.
You're proud at the wrong time.
Feel free to find another country as great as ours then.
Holy shit, dude. There are so many to pick from. With America falling behind in so many things, perhaps we can look to them for inspiration.
In exchange we can share best practices with them. Our successes won't take away from theirs. Everyone benefits.
Then why don't you live there in these not named so much better  countries
Because I'm an American, and we don't give up on each other. I'd prefer trying to work with my fellow Americans to improve things here.

And where did the escapees go??? ARGENTINA!
AHHHHHH YWAAAAAAA
Senator, be a hero, call for his resignation or start impeachment.  At best, he's a racist and nazi sympathizer, but probably one of them.
But its ok 4 #israel to commit same tactics as #Nazi germany against #Palestinians that #USA has funded/ supported by Congress/ignored by UN
As an American, I am not embarrassed and I don't know of alot who are. He has definetly succeeded my expectations as President.
And you have impeded our expectations of diction, genius
A little late to the party bud don't you think?
Say
Promotes sharia law. Gets a picture with demoncratic socialist.
Biggy Biggy  Biggy, Devai Devai Devai!
Does President Trump care about white supremacy?
Trump has always been hesitant to condemn white supremacy. Wonder why…  #TrumpCoddlesRacists
On the other hand, Trump literally said he doesn’t abide by hatred and bigotry #TrumpSpokeOut
RT if you’re tired of neo-Nazis hiding under the 'alt-right' term #AltWhiteSupremacy #TrumpCoddlesRacists
RT if you say Trump has always been against the KKK—1991 to 2017! #TrumpSpokeOut #InTrumpWeTrust https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/896868943213625344/video/1 …
It is clear now that Trump supports the neo-nazis groups. I'm sure that Hitler was not a nazi before becoming a nazi.
You must've not watched the video
There were many during the Hitler destruction that though that Hitler was a good man. At the end US & allies kick his ass.
Bernie, You are a DISGRACE for continuously saying such things. What is your agenda for constantly bashing a DULY ELECTED President? AMERICA voted him in - not you! Time for you to accept it and move on & show some respect!
How?
PREACH ITTT
Unlike some liberals, trump actually supports the military
How in the world is that your response LOL
There are a lot of liberals and protestors that stomp on the American flag and say "fuck the military" just look it up on YouTube.
Nothing wrong with that. We spend entirely too much money on the military as it is.
So let's say "fuck the people that die for our freedom" wow that might be a block
Fuck the Military doesn't equate too fuck everyone serving and everyone who has died serving. Also nobody has died defending our freedom
since world war 2. Now, I'm sure some may say fuck the people who have died, which is deplorable, and does not represent the majority. There
are many legitimate reasons to have negative feelings towards our military. And while "fuck the military" isn't how I'd express that, I
Too bad the OSS had Operation Paperclip, bringing Nazis to America and giving them labs/funds to continue Nazi science. The legacy lives on.
We are fighting a resurgence of fascism, and you're arguing about a 70-year-old rounding error. Get a grip.
What you don't think that those Nazi's brought over didn't have families/friends and share their beliefs in the comfort of their new homes?
It's not quite a "resurgence," if it's been quietly boiling under the surface for 70 years. It's been here long enough to get many followers
Fascism was strong in the US in 1939, then we had a war (in which my dad participated, on the US side) and for a while fascism was uncool.
It was uncool. But those who invited Nazis (even one scheduled for Nuremburg trials) to US soil, let them flourish in the shadows.
The US has always had its own white supremacists and racists (remember slavery?) Werner Von Braun wasn't the problem.
His rocket science got us to the moon, but his science isn't representative of all that  Nazis were up to; Mengele used torture techniques
@OwenJones84 @realDonaldTrump You helped Clinton lose...
No, Clinton made Clinton lose! She's a: corrupt, pro establishment, neo liberal politician! @SenSanders would've wiped the floor W/ Trump!
I rather have Clinton the this alt right david duke kkk delusional Christina trump as president #ImpeachOrResign
Oh, 100%! But the reason why people voted for Trump was because he was something different. Even if different is being racist!
Idc if he is different look where different is getting us a civil war in our own back yard they voted for him for  a white America
They voted for him because he was something different, if that's "White America", then that's what they want,even if we don't agree with it.
I'm really not about to do this with you lol your just as bad as everyone who voted this man
We're. Not. Really. Doing. ANYTHING! I dislike him as much as you do but surely I shouldn't fully support someone because I don't like...
I love you Bernie
So has all the little boys and girls communist
lol what??? Jesus christ...
You're embarrassing our country by pushing socialism, where millions of people would be at risk of death just like Venezuela. #BernieIsISIS
Because having a KKK loving fascist is so much better. America needs a revamp! #ImpeachTrump #Bernie2020
You're "Pro-Love", are you "Pro-Life"?
No, I am not. Why you asking? Did that have anything to do with this or are you running out of propaganda to spin? #prochoice
Thank you for confirming. Curious though, how can you be "Pro-Love", yet also ok with murdering babies? 
How can you proclaim to be American and support a racist? That wasn't really a question...because the answer is you can't. #UnAmerican
Sorry, I'm not an Obama supporter...
Do you know what you're talking about? No? Didn't think so. Just another ignorant trumptard. Ps...I didn't vote for Obama. Either time.
You meant National Socialism, right ?
Really, Bernie? You didn't get your mitts on our money, maybe you should think about retirement. U say alot of dumb stuff.
Get over your self
You make me sick..
Is this you @SenSanders ? https://twitter.com/Powerful/status/837738708027719682/video/1 …
I'm not embarrassed! I'm proud of our PresidentWhat's embarrassing is watching the Liberal media making fools of themselves
why are you defending racism?
this isn't a liberal/ conservative issue. it's a human issue.
The mainstream media&the Left act like Pres Trump was behind the steering wheel of the car the ran over tht young ladyI'm tired of the bs
that's not true. his condemnation on such a clear issue came very late, & felt very insincere. his "many sides" excuse is really sad.
sorry u feel beleaguered; we are all tired. but there was an opportunity to unite people against hate & he chose to muddy the water.
The only hate I see every night is on the Liberal media & the Democratic politiciansSooo much hypocrisy
it's not hate if it's truth.
#AltLeft #JustSaying #ResistIgnorance
Look closely and you can see the hammer and sickle outline in the tufts of old man Bernie's hair.
@marknutter you certainly live up to your name #nutter
And you embarrassed your supporters when you endorsed a warmongering corporate shill.
If you don't see why he was trying to encourage ppl like you to vote for her over trump - then you are VOID of reason & blind to policy.
Rather shocking you would tweet this on a day like today too.
Racism is systemic, it wasn't invented by Trump. Pretending it's all about him is not constructive.
I didn't say trump "invented" racism - I'm saying he relishes in it. Plays coy with it. And has emboldened white nationalists to come out of
As Progressives, we deserve better than that. Hopefully our 2020 candidate is better than our 2016 one.
We deserve MUCH better than the shit we have now -- but you didn't vote for that person. G night.
We need a law that requires police that fail to stand against KKK &   Nazi terrorists to wear yellow stripes on the back of their uniforms
And for Presidents who fail to stand against them as well
And let us not exempt the demented Kebbler Elf from that requirement....
Nah, Sessions doesn't like the KKK anymore, after finding out they smoked pot.
That doesn't stop him from being a Nazi though.... After all he acts like one.Image result for keeber nazi
US casualties in WWII Europe against Nazi Germany were no more than 100,000 maximum.
It's actually 419,400 but who's counting?
You'll note I was quite specific in my tweet about WWII in Europe.
Tell Sanders he's wrong, fact is WW2 was started by Nazis and enabled by their Nazi sympathisers
Alt right troll.
Separate issue, you are just trolling.
Nope, just calling out a troll when I see one doll face, chill, you are entitled to your petty questions.
Hahahaha ok, calm down child I am not your enemy.
Sanders you are a hypocrite and a liar
La complaisance au sommet de l'Etat  américain en faveur des néo nazis est plus qu'embarrassante au nom de la mémoire collective universelle
Shut up.
Yet you support most of what Nazism stood for
Your reply makes no sense
You are interested in your own interests Above all others hope you enjoy the money from the Democrats party you are a trader I was foolish
He is embarrassing also for Italy and I guess for other Countries, too! How many people died to fight against the evils of history!?!
https://twitter.com/dorianxcolter/status/897984494937849856 …
since the president embarrassing the country look for a way to remove him
Senator Sanders, no disrespect but the videos show people with BLM shirts taunting and engaging in violent acts as well.
I think both sides had paid protesters ready to cause problems.
Amen senator !
The Nazi party was also known as the National Socialist party. How ironic.
Their head explode when that is pointed out.  They cry that it is only a name
Nah man. We all know Bernie would have beaten Trump. Hell, Biden would have beaten Trump.
No. He wouldn't have. 1 reason: socialist. While I believe in what Bernie does, he's a liar. His followers are worse. That would be you.
Clearly you have no idea what Socialism is. Social Security and the Fire Department are forms of Socialism. Public Schools are as well.
Clearly I do. Again-I would consider myself a socialist. I have a degree in journalism and minor in polisci--worked in pol news for 20+ yrs
I know of thousands who love to kick you in the face 
You're both socialist and baselessly blame Jews for your own shortcomings.  Stop playing coy and go get a room.   #BernoutsAndNazis

Oh Bern, maybe the Mayo Clinic can help you with your problem. Oh never mind "You can"t fix stupid"
And you embarrass yourself by thinking you and your followers are entitled to other people's hard-earned money.
YOU LOST GRANDAD!!! STOP ATTACHING TO THE POPULAR AGENDA TO REMAIN IN THE SPOTLIGHT!
It is time for Republicans to stand up and be patriotic Americans.
Your right! These people need to be removed from office! They are against the Constitution and the Bill of Rights they are deceivers!
You're still alive?

Hahaha says the guy embarrassing the country that helped bring down communism
Nazis killed more whites than anyone! And Trump slammed them.  Dig the shit from your ears
Your tweet is embarrassing everyone that ever had a cogent thought.
Amen @SenSanders
how bout you help me defeat capitalism by letting me borrow the lake house in the spring
Hey, Sanders, he is not supporting the damn Nazis and he is not supporting the BLM, so do us a favor and support the #POTUS
Sir, Thank you for your service,but I respectfully say  Trump is an embarrassment on many more fronts than that! I regret not voting Bernie!
Neera why did you RT someone you think is a evil sexist & racist?
Didnt die millions of  americans fighting against the nationalsocialism
No you are the embarrassment! You live totally different than what you preach! You are a hypocrite!
YES BERNIE DRAG HIM THROUGH THE MUD 
He is an embarrassment to the human race, period.
I feel the same way too about Donald Trump suggestion.

Can you please run your zingers past me, or some other comedy writer? You sound like a grandpa.
# 2 He's saying that the protest against ARMED & violent nazis & KKK members is morally equiv to what the KKK/Nazi thugs did?
Before my WWII vet Grandfather died in January, his Reverend asked if he was at peace. He said he was at peace with the world, but not Trump
He was a pilot during the second world war, and he was definitely not happy that Trump was being sworn into office. #RCAF   
Embarrassing our country is the least of it. He is endangering us all, with global consequences.
Your a liberal Bernie, all liberals are in the pockets of extremists and terrorists. Luckily you or Hilary didn't win.
Omg. All y'all wanna talk about Trump tweeting more than he does things but like Bernie you ain't no better. Go back to the nursing home.
Well said
No, Senator. With respect, he is just embarrassing his obtuse self.
Not as embarrassing as having a HUGE pro-Israel lobby infesting DC and influencing our Congress to silence critics of Israel's apartheid
SCOREBOAARD
Hey Senator Sanders, do something for retired American citizens. Stop the government theft of Social Security Benefits, repeal WEP/GPO.
Coming from a socialist
Bernie, you lost to a crooked woman.The president criticized both sides. 
You and the media need a remedial course in reading comprehensive.
And you embarrassingly lost to Hillary.
Bernie, you're embarrassing all those who fought and died fighting failed Marxist principles
Louder for the Racist in the back
Hitler was a socialist you ran and are a sociolist. Who the hell is going to listen to you? Not real Americans #PROUDKANSAN
Bless you Bernie.

"We're socialists...enemies of today's capitalist system of exploitation & we're determined to destroy it"--Bernie, 2017? No, Hitler, 1927 
b s boss
Mr. Sanders, is that really what you think is the case?
Are you not college educated with decades of human interaction?

#??????????
Bernie, u r the same old 1 %-er disingenuous obfuscating dottering old fool. U demonstrate the need 4 term limitations.
Drag him my woke white king
And socislist
AND you are embarrassing 4 subscribing 2 communist ideology that killed 10 million of my Ukrainian ppl alone!

My father Mario Lopez - almost lost his leg fighting Nazis at the age of 19 -that 7 bullet wound was was his pride & joy!!!
Please go away.

How can you say that? Trump fights for people like me, he's fighting wars for us. Even when he's playing golf he's thinking about white men.
Cause that makes sense buddy

LOL #Hillary Screwed you
But your a socialist just like the Nazis 

 "the National Socialist German Workers' Party" 
U fucken tell him bernie!!!
HOO DAMN YES GOOD BERNIE ROAST HIM.
His dad was in the fuckKKK what do you expect
See list, your career list only includes being cheated by DNC, then loving them for it.
I don't see where he is a racist or that he promotes it. You are totally off Base old man. The word Stupid comes to mind. #dementia
@SenSanders knows when Trump said "fine people" he was referring to the night before and NOT the torch march. Some were just at the statue.
IKR!! WHY CANT YOU BE PRESIDENT YOU BUETIFUL OLD PRUNE 

Really asking here, I'm Canadian so idk, in the US is targeting a specific race a separate charge? Or is it solely assault/battery/whatever?
Uncle Bernie why don't you put your hands in front your pants and quietly bow down to mob like in Seattle. You are total communist.
Nobody embarrasses like u.  Speaking of Russia, wasn't that where u & your wife honeymooned?  Laughable
and millions of African-American killed during Slavery by the hands of the Democratic Party.
This is the truest thing I've ever read in my whole life
@SenSanders help!!! What do we do?!?!? It's only been 7months and I'm nostalgic for being pissed at sexist comments.
Did you expect him to be presidential? He has no empathy, morality, or social conscience. 1254 days left.
That's for dawn sure
Wow it's easy to see who the Nazi sympathizers are in this thread.
You are a communist Sanders!!
Trump we need the R.A.I.S.E act passed ASAP!!!
I concur
Pay your taxes bernman
DRAG HIM
You tweet more than Trump
Mayim love you but go channel blossom to quote Bernie is embarrassing for you
Is it just me or is it absolutely absurd that George Soros a Nazi sympathizing war profiteer is funding Antifa. What the hell is going on?
Bernie, go take a nap or something, you sir are irrelevant.
Those Nazis are like the Venezuelan regimen. Violent psicopaths.
I figured that it was only a matter of time before the racism card was played by the dems and media. Like always!
shut the hel up Bernie u embarrassed millions pulling out of the run up 2 elections just cause Hilary had dirt on u
The replay shows a different story let's see who else goes to jail.
Dieser Mensch sollte bevor er seinen Mund aufmacht,sein Gehirn einschalten???!!! .Wo nichts ist kann man auch nichts einschalten??
Been, you're way more of an embarrassment than POTUS will ever be. If you want socialism move to a socialist country.....PLEASE!
If the confederates were not Nazis why they are destroying his histitira and his memory?
#TrumpGo
so with all your rhetoric on climate, how's that fuel burnin plane you sold out for, runnin? Hope alls well
Trump: "I condemn violence from all sides incl. from Nazis!"
Bernie: "Stop sympathizing with Nazis!"

Is this some sort of mental disorder?
I'm afraid that it is not the last time...
You endorsed Hillary shut up
Hahahahahaa.....Bernie Sanders definitely knows about embarrassing our country and millions of Americans!!
@HuffPost @politico Your piling on is late, as usual. @POTUS denounced neo-Nazis, among others, two days ago.
You are the embarrassment,  you and that thief you call a wife, how do you even show your face @SenSanders . You need to go home and stay.
No Bernie, you and your commie friends are the embarrassment
Nothing about the Americans that died freeing slaves? Get some fuckin gratitude
The KKK is and always has been a terrorist organization, Mr. President!
So says the man who ran for president under the banner of Hitler's party... Socialist.
Democratic Socialism-see also Venezuela.
You are one of the biggest embarrassments to this country along with Waters,Pelosi,Schumer,Schaffer,Ryan and McConnell
So says Sanders who lives life of a wealthy capitalist while espousing socialism 4 masses.  He thinks Americans r stupid.  Prove him wrong!
But Bernie:

You did that, by encouraging scores of Americans to believe everything they want can be had for FREE...
I don't Trust Trump
Waiting for next 3 years left to go bye bye Trump
 U Bernie sorry voted Hillary but ur wasting ur time 45 is irredeemable and a waste of air keep fighting we'll win soon I hope!!!
Hey Bernie don't you have a lawsuit to deal with? #bernedbyhisowngreed
