@GOP -And what part of Medicaid is getting cut? Would that be the part that pays for illegal immigrants' free healthcare? All kids under 18?
Illegal's don't qualify for medicaid.
Not true. All us schools students are provided free HC thru the school system paid from Medicaid. Also. Any student that qualifies for sped.
Not true. Bald faced lie. Most school children are on private insurance. Special Ed students DO NOT all get Medicaid. You really are twisted
More than 3/4 of insured white and Asian children have private coverage compared with less than half of black and Hispanic children.
This cant pass do you know how many elderly and children will lose their insurance and possibly die. What the hell is wrong with the GOP?
OMG. How awful. Where and when was this?
This is sickening
Well the people wanted change. But I think this is the wrong change thanks to the Republicans.
All talk no action all you  democratic’s do is talk health care guns taxes nothing ever gets done nothing
We really need to address the defecit though. These 2 items take up 40+% of the budget every year. They need gradual cuts.
They can cut the military budget.  It's way bloated. Our military is in good shape already.
Not a terrible call but Obama cut their budget & shrunk their size. Then China, Russia, NK and ISIS grew in aggression & power. (1/2)
It's sad that the rich and powerful take the help from the needy
How cruel can these supposed Elected Americans be to hurt the most vulnerable.
I hope we get to a time where the government has no involvement in payment of anyone's health care.
This is exactly where I want my tax dollars going. I'm for a universal plan with the govt as the single payer. Works brilliantly in Canada.
1. No it doesn't. They come here for procedures. 
2. Imagine the DMV running your health decisions.
Your insurance companies are not doctors and they make your health decisions. All the money hoes to them for profit. Disgusting.
It all depends on what you define as "elective". Lies, damn lies, and statistics.
Statistics are facts. If you don't believe the you don't believe anything. If you believe trump you believe a liar. He is the Liar in Chief.
I like that you have assumed many things about me and attacked me on that.
You have stated zero correct information about the topic you speak. I live it.
Remember GOP get credit for cuts in Obamacare, CHIP, Medicare, Medicaid,  SNAP, & no aid to Puerto Rico to offset TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES,
Call NOW! Call again and again. Make sure they have no doubt how we feel about this insane budget. It will literally kill me and many others
...a bunch a greedy corrupt bastards ...the lot of them !!!
I’m with you Bernie, I’m 65 and this scares the hell out of me. What can we do? Who can stop them?
The #GOP continues to attack our #healthcare b/c it straight up DOES NOT IMPACT THEM!!!
Trump said he wouldn't cut #Medicare.

He said it many, MANY times.

Lies, lies, LIES!

#TrumpLies
...YES!!!
 ...because #45 is a fucking HYPOCRITE AND LIAR !!! ... GET HIM OUT !!! 
"TRUMP YOU'RE FIRED" !!!
What specifically are the cuts to Medicare?

You are a communist, why should anyone care what you say, couch surfer?
So you want to shut down the government? Communist.
BULLSHIT
Call your rep. Tell your friends to call their reps. Share on FB.  Tweet. Call call call. Is there a March?
Bernie really you don't know what you're talking about you never study to think about economics did you go to school and learn anything
Love u 
To the @GOP Leadership: 73.5 million people are enrolled in Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S.  They are ALL OLD ENOUGH TO VOTE!
Holy shit. We spend that much money on Medicare? They should cut another trillion
Details or a plan - use your megaphone Bernie to organize the people - how can we "not allow this to pass".  Civics lesson - stat
Get all those lazy arses off disability Medicare that don't need/deserve it. I see them frequently in ER, getting around better than us.

You bet Bernie, let's sack it...
Your brain is clay what’s going on? You picked up that cash and now you’re gone. Filler
If only you hadn't spent last year chasing your lost cause we wouldn't have to fight this because this nightmare wouldn't have happened.
@SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins pls don't pass a bill that'll destroy millions of lives so the wealthy can fill their pockets
And yet poor working class Republicans who benefit from these programs continue voting for politicians who want to gut them. WTF.
You Shall Not Pass!!!!!

Those who criticize BERNIE should realize he has a mind like a steel trap. 
HE KNOWS his issues and he cares that all suceed in this world.
Goal of republicans has been to abolish public education Medicare Medicaid and social security
Would you rather we decline as Canada has done with too much gov?
Donate your salary and get some of your socialist pals to do the same. Every bit helps.
Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar.Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Communist liar.
But Bernie we are not gonna need medical care after we are nuked.
This is horrific, I can no longer afford my home, within 18 months I will be on BLM land in my car, homeless. SS failing seniors. Raises pls
I hope it passes so we don’t have hear you speak
Yes we can. We need to have state plans, not federal. Socialists have nation care. Democracies have state plans.
It is obvious to me that our government is determined to do as much harm as possible to the majority of people.  It is deliberate--sadistic.
...and hopefully sealing their fate in the 2018 elections. It is TOTALLY SHAMEFUL, all that the @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @VP & @POTUS are doing!
REPUBLI-CON HEALTH CARE GENOCIDE, MASS MURDER MEANS NOTHING TO THEM.
Gandolf of The Bernie Sanders!! CONgress Shall Not Pass!!
And we won’t/time to elect .@SenSanders .@ninaturner 2020
SupportKurdistan
Fake
This is class war.
Fight back
Funny you actually think any politician left or right works for us. They work for votes and re-election. On their salary with multi-million dollar homes, sometimes multiple. Lobbyist pay them in donations and speech payments. Who would want to lose that luxurious life?
Zip it
Senator are you taking fiscal policy advice from your wife? That strategy didn't go well for her last employer.
What does that have to do with hime sharing facts about the new gop budget?
Won't somebody do something about the bully trump......everyone cowards to him
Remember? Obama cut Medicare to finance ObamCare. Figures don't Lie, but Liars Figure. Leftists Lie a Lot.
Shhh... you can't talk about their furor like that.
Who is going to stop them? They don't care! They are all taken care... screw everyone else!
Of course they are. Sad to say, they just can't stop for some reason. Don't know how they sleep at night.
ATTENTION! For God's sake!
The abominations of the GOP never stop. They need to be held accountable & voted out
Good the ACA increased morality
Its not theirs we pay into it
I'm signing here. Who does this bill represent in numbers...
Absolutely Bernie.  People like you and I love paying for our fellow Americans.  And illegals! #Resist
Another campaign promise broken, POOF! Nothing great about it!  #DumpTrump
Pay attention to the GOP Budget Plan Because They Are Going to try & slip in an Amendment to Repeal the ACA!!
Time to get this evil regime out of our WH
Well, guess I'll die.
All the fake people like bernie watch cnn and politico the washington post msnbc.
Bernie: thanks for making my point. This is a reduction in increases, not a cut. Or, what is known as #SwampMath.
They are not getting the healthcare repeal so they are sabotaging it with the budget
STOP subsidizing cruel, wasteful and unhealthy Animal Ag or sick Factory-Farms (http://Meat.org ) and
sick of paying for those on our reach up programs Bern. Make them get a job! Have ya been to VT's  ESD offices?? They need to work!
GOP putting us in trillions $ debt to force Dems to eliminate public decency programs COMPLAIN
I’m so sorry Bernie, they do not care.
They need it to to add to a bloated defense budget and 10 billion for that god awful wall
NO!
It's the number one tool you criminals are using to push your agenda of a one world order. Plus we could build the wall to the Moon
if we could get all the young healthy criminals off welfare and food stamps. Everybody could have the best free medical in the world
If we stop giving Medicaid and Medicare to illegals and if we stop letting in Muslim refugees who also suck our system dry, we'll be fine
Wtf? We paid in to medicare all our working lives! They have no business messing with it! They're stealing from us for their tax cuts.Shame!
Liar you just dont want anything good to happen so it looks like trump did a terrible job. Lets keep going into dept
Wow!
You are a communist,anti military,pro abortion,anti constitution,a liar, dishonest and have never done a dam thing for the USA.

Please stop promoting a false narrative @SenSanders. It may suit your current campaign to be recognized by the DNC as a person of interest!
They MUST be stopped, ANY/EVERY way possible. They are KILLING OUR COUNTRY!
You are right! It's not enough. Cut it deeper please, then pass term limits so @BernieSanders #bankfraudbernie will go away...
Yes let's slash the military budget and by that slash the servicemen as well. Let's also get more strict gun control policies. We can then fight our enemies with sticks and stones.
we must get all you young healthy criminal scumbags off welfare and food stamps everybody in the country could easily have free medical
Bull crap. Democrats like government waste so they can take care of their donors by setting them up to take advantage of it
Anyone who votes for this budget is voting for death
Not to worry. Real Dems are taking care of it and you got your photo op.
If they wanted to give Dems a chance to retake the congress and senate in 2018 this is exactly how you do that.
They are horrible people
Please vote against this You are hurting me and millions of others if you do this
Republicrooks at work while another GOP based tragedy unfolds for distraction to the masses.
If enough angry VOTERS like you flooded their phone lines they'd have to listen or lose their jobs. #Revolution
'Slash" Fed Government! https://mises.org/library/how-government-wrecks-economy …
Bernie how can you just lie like this
Ha! what a hack and liar!
STOCK MARKET!! My 401k is rocking. Thanks POTUS
Ahhh! Now I’ll never be able to retire. I’m risk adverse because I did grow up in poverty & was the first generation to go to college.
Are you going to do something about it?  Or just whine and complain?
Liar. What is being proposed is a 5% reduction of the RATE OF GROWTH over 10 YEARS!  CBO and actuaries say both programs r UNSUSTAINABLE.
The House of Reprehensibles strikes again.
This is totally wrong, if this and the other trash the republicans are trying to get though Congress happens, I can see democrats winning.
And even with these cuts isn't the deficit somehow going to get bigger with their new "budget"?
Medicare has been paid into their entire lives of honest hard work. We're handing our seniors, grandma & grandpa a death sentence.
**there

Ryan stick it to America
This is how much the establishment machine fears progressivism.
Makes no sense! Tell em Bernie!
don't worry bro, its just the freeloaders
Should pass. We are broke. Honestly, repeal is the only way.
They just unnecessarily voted to increase the military budget. That's where the $ SHOULD come from.
To much fraud in Medicare... fix it first
Hey Bernie, for a guy with 3 houses you're doing pretty good for a SOCIALIST!
Oh my gawd! Let's not crack down on fraud waste and abuse or anything. Let's just keep shoveling money at it.
They're not cutting, you liar.
What exactly would you approve to bring down the debt, Bernie?
@AARP @jimmykimmel @PPact @SusanGKomen @AmericanCancer @Bakari_Sellers @soledadobrien @MarchofDimes @nytimes @AP @kurteichenwald @TJMShow 
Rep Lawmakers say America will go bankrupt if they don't cut  Medicare, Medicaid & Pension. All other countries do just fine. Why is that?
Bernie Sanders leader of the  anti-American Socialist Party of America. Bernie should be investigated by the Senate for his investments
Remove all the illegals from Medicaid, and watch the budget go down. AMERICANS FIRST, SAVE THE TAXPAYERS.
@realDonaldTrump supporters will say this is @POTUS #MAGA
Lower our taxes. It will save America
Newsflash Bernie the fucking country is dead broke!
Shut up
Call your reps in congress people
Everyone has paid into. It's imploding something has to change!
Deficit = $21,000,000,000,000
Does the Republican Party not understand that if they pass this POS legislation that they are cutting their own throats?
**they're
False claim: The Medicaid “cuts” are huge. Reality: Only in government does slowing the growth of spending mean “cuts”.
The primary false narrative being sold to the public is that this bill will result in massive spending cuts in Medicaid. Simply is not true.
While the health care law reduces the amount of future spending growth in Medicare, the proposed law doesn't actually cut Medicare.
The Democrats & Liberals are very good at scare tactics, and is the very thing that Republicans are blamed.
How anybody can call themselves a Republican  voter with a straight face these days is beyond me!
obamacare is a massive spending welfare program which our nation cannot afford. its a failed experiment in socialism. americans want individual freedoms n liberties, LESS TAXES, LESS GOVT, free market, innovation, excellence. no to mandates. no to socialism.
Cut it all to ZERO.

While we are at it, let's end ALL cash assistance, and SNAP.

Bernie, I don't fear cuts.  I fear not cutting enough
BERNIE! Like u have the right to say ANYTHING! U took money to fight the establishment and then ENDORSED THE ESTABLISHMENT! U let them RIG
Yes you can and then you can read about it later you've done it before you can do it now
Do you want to pay for your parents' AND your children's healthcare?!? #resist
From the one who sat on his hands as Chairman of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee as hundreds of thousands of veterans died without HC.

U agenda driven old politicians just dont get it.WE THE PEOPLE read before we support legislature we dont follow blindly,IE:ACA MAGA RECALL
Now is the time to drain the swamp.  #Impeach45
These go people really don't get it there's going to be so many without jobs maybe they can cut Trump's grass
They'll allow so many of us to die from a lack of treatment and medication.
We can't let this happen!  I called my representative, have you?
The caring sharing side of the Republicans you care that you can’t afford healthcare and the they have cut they give tax breaks to the rich
How do we stop it ?
That's your interpretation.
No it isn't. It is something called a FACT.
Old white men voted for Trump maybe when it impacts their wallets they will wake the f*ck up
2/2

.. ask the farmer, how fast was that calf going before it ran into the back of the cow?
1/1
Bernie, City boy goes to a farm, cow is giving birth to a calf, calf is coming out backwards, boy comes on scene, ask farmer...
GOP reasoning - the old and sick can't work so let them die.
How about you run your own twitter page instead of having your interns run it for you. Will sound more sincere that way.
Don’t run in 2020
Why are you still around. You lost to Hillary of all people.  Concentrate on your wife's illegal doings.
@OfficialCBC @RepMaxineWaters @ninaturner @NAACP_LDF @SenWarren @alfranken @SenSherrodBrown @ava @RevDrBarber @tylerperry
Tf is 1000 billion?
Not increasing is not "slashing".
Fake News.
Glad you're winning! 
Don't they need 60 votes?
How anyone can put $$$ above people....especially the people they were elected to represent is beyond wrong...it's immoral.
Hahahaha....
You always try to scare older Americans with your socialist crap.  Do Americans vacate your Senate seat to an American!
Please keep fighting against the lies and take aways for the American people to be able to enrich their wealthy donors!!
Fake as usual
Eh, it's fine. I don't actually like healthcare. Living is for nerds.
Amend budget to disallow lobbyist pmt to Sen & Cong. Reduce Sen & Cong  pension to Soc Sec level ; med cvg to medicare. See how voters live.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP #HypocriticalAdministration #VoteThemOut
During campaign @realDonaldTrump said he WILL NOT touch Social Security. Clearly, HE LIED to get elected. Trump? A businessman or a Con Man?
Why can't you stop LIEING AND USING DECEPTION JUST TELL THE TRUTH I KNOW IT'S HARD FOR U POLITICIANS BUT JUST TRY IT YOU MIGHT GET MORE DONE
The correct spelling is lying. Russia needs to work on their algorithms for these bots, man.   If you're not a bot I offer no apologies.
Bernie stopped making sense.
JUST AN OBSTRUCTIONIST NOW.
BOOOOOOOOO
Thank you senator for sharing the disastrous GOP bill. And the carnage it will do to medicare and Medicaid Cut! Its like leaving the bones with no meat! 
Call your Congressmen today, tell them NO on Tax Reform, your voices will be heard, you voted them in ofc Bipartisanship on all legislation
Funny you actually think any politician left or right works for us. They work for votes and re-election. On their salary with multi-million dollar homes, sometimes multiple. Lobbyist pay them in donations and speech payments. Who would want to lose that luxurious life?
Misinformed  spreading disinformation.
Does any of you go back and listen to what you are spewing out of your mouth, mind boggle.
When does this GOP evil stop
I had a man in my clinic once.so loud about voting for Trump yet his kids are on medicaid.
Good example of how ignorant tRump voters r in general. They do not know what is good for them. Vote against their own interest due 2 hate
Washington Math 101:  The baseline you show is based on projections from CBO for ACA that have proven FALSE!  (1/2)
GOP plan INCREASES SPENDING for both programs, just not as much as the unrealistic ACA projections you are calling baseline.   #StopTheLies
