Fast forward 15 years, have spent nearly $45k out of pocket over last several years due to cPTSD.
It is criminal that we find money to start wars. But, we have convinced our citizens that they don't deserve free health care.
There's no such thing as free health care. The sun and wind are free. Nothing else.
Of course it's not free. WE KNOW THAT. But I would prefer a community funded system than sky high premiums and deductibles.
Here's how that works out:
One article to support an opinion when entire countries have had single payer for decades AND DON'T SWITCH BACK? It's almost like it works
As the article said, in the UK, it's as if they're conditioned to accept how much it sucks. Wait 6 weeks for an MRI here, see how that flies
But we live in AMERICA. Where a 10 year old child will die for want of an $80 infected tooth extraction.
Getting my first BA worked 70+ hrs a week while taking 15-18 credits. Very very lucky, but coverage would've been nice.
A country which doesn't provide proper health care isn't a democracy.
For starters my family deductible used to be $500.  Thanks to #Obamacare it's now $6000! It should've been left the way it was!
In Australia health care is free. Waiting lists are shorter than USA. Go figure …
Nothing in this world is free.  Someone has to be paying for that?
Our taxes.
So it's not free
Um that why we pay taxes. Don't your taxes cover your health? Oh yeah, no.
That's the point.  Govt shouldn't be involved in health care.  Leave it to the free market and people should pay for their own
Nice words, until you get sick.
I had a job for 29 years with health benefits. My employer pays some of the cost and I pay some. The key is get a job.
I have a job and still pay a lot for healthcare, I am pretty sure if you don't have a job healthcare is free.
Healthcare is not free for anyone in the USA, it financially devastates individuals & families every day, electricity or medicine or food 
In response to someone saying having a job was a solution,trying to illustrate that those with job are deeply effected by the costs as well.
My brother died from lack of health care. He would have lived if he had gone to the doctor sooner, but we were of the working poor class.
You snowflakes need to get jobs. I know people in Canada that come to Mich. because they were put on waiting lists for 8 months For cancer!
The US is a firstworld country, with a thirdworld, backward healthcare system. It makes no sense and should be a fundamental right for all.
Wrong !!!!  This is the best country to be in a disaster of low income
I have free healthcare from my employer, but I can't use it because the co-pays are too high for what I earn.
@SenSanders
In college, we put a price tag to put on our health. Only the basic services are available for all students despite expensive tuition.
Bernie didnt think we'd find his 1987 footage stating tht “If we expanded Medicaid to everybody we will bankrupt USA”
Doesn't look anything like him. If this is your way of defending the fake president, not surprised. He sucks. Period.
I have had Medicare for 2 years due to disability, I am 63 yrs old.  Medicare has worked well for me--as well as my employers insurance
without these two things the mankind is doomed to extinction as type of homo sapiens . I'm sorry and  thank you for your attention.
I believe goverment shouldnt be allowed to touch anything else. Look at Social Security, its broke.
2 emerg   sx in 2 mon, lucky 2 b on husband's health insurance = I get to b mom to our 7 month  w/o crushing debt #medicareforall
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/09/06/state-officials-sound-alarm-on-obamacare-premium-hikes-market-collapse.html … if you like your doctor…
Come to Europe, get sick, see a doctor, go to a hospital... and pay a couple of bucks to get treated and get well. Than you'll understand.
I have a long term job and health insurance . Wth the copays and deductibles ,needed care is unaffordable. This is the norm in the USA.
I pay s lot so others can get free or reduced services #sucks
I have subsidized bad drivers since 1970.  I may never use my auto insurance.  But everyone will eventually use healthcare.  No brainer.
I live in Canada.  I've only ever known universal health care and I couldn't imagine my life without it.  Never have to worry about care...
Really? Here in BC you can't find a family doctor. Still waiting do you see the specialist, for the last 7 yrs. Med devices are 2yrs behind.
I'm sorry that's the case.  I'm speaking of my own personal experiences.  Maybe because I live close to Toronto.  We have gr8 options here.
As am I and I have also lived in Dallas and also know that there is better medical there and St Mary's hospital was free.
2 yrs ago I broke my ribs in my back at least 3 of them.
with no health coverage i never received treatment
Now they grind every I lay down
Obamacare existed then. Why didn't U go get care? Even without insurance U cannot be denied care. Sounds like a "story" to me or illiterate
Not illiterate, by any measure.
Possibly a little too prideful, but NOT illiterate.
Took penalties and pain for my pride
U judge 2 quickly.
Possibly.  My apologies.
No problem
I take responsibility for my stupid pride, but didn't want to crush my future,(bad credit, medical bills) like I crushed my ribs.
Don't hold your breath....on second thought - hold it as long as possible.
And I pay less out of pocket
The free medicine and free education for all it is the fundamental platform as the logical, real ,normal evolution of human society
I think its time because dead people don't add anything to GDP.
I have an artificial leg. In 40 years, I've seen the price go from $1,200-60,000. And it's a "pre existing condition"
When we all have healthcare for all,means we can take care of all society
I had to get minsure it was 50 a month but you cant afford to use it. Seems more lime extortion.
Rent or doctor kind of stuff.
Hi Bernie when ACA took effect they came to my work mesured took our weight blood blood prsure and charfed us sercharges.
We have awesome insurance low co pays and no deductible.  Tricare Prime retired military.  Love it
Look at how bad Obamacare is now and multiply by 100 to see how a single payer system would work or not work. Be a huge disaster.
Are you this ignorant about the difference between Obamacare and single payer? That's embarrassing. Obc is private ins.the other taxes.
I pay $364 a month went through chemo, bilateral mastectomy, MRI's, mammograms, and still have to pay an insane amount of money on top...
Not able to work and afraid to go on Medicare because so many doctors don't take it. If all doctors were forced to take Medicare I'd have
More choices. Please, let's try to get universal healthcare passed. If I didn't have the help from family I'd be dead!!
check you DM $@r@h I am going to send you something.
The govt needs drastically downsized. Go back to the intent of the Constitution.
To those who think the govt needs to downsize and those who agree. I guess you don't live in the Flood areas. Because you want govt/
I need lung transplants a friend from church died waiting for kidneys I WILL DIE WAITING FOR LUNGS how do you explain to your 18year old
@SenSanders my health care is for mental illness and coped and emphysema and nodules throughout my lungs I'm on SSI  and Medicaid is my ins
Gov healthcare is a joke. Since Obamacare I have had a dr tell my 82 yr old father he lived a good life and wouldn't fixe his hernia.
My out of pocket has gone up an additional 400 per month since Obamacare
Quitter, Trump 2020
With 45 years medical experience I have distilled my thoughts as follows. Here is the link: http://nationalhealthprogram2020.com 
It's time for universal health care because it is the moral choice for all.
I have to spend $3000 out of pocket before my insurance kicks in covering 80% until I spend $7000 then it's 100%. Maxed out 2 years in a row
Yea...so who's going to pay?
Hey . I love your stance on a lot of things. o set up a campaign. it talks about my #mesh operation.  I'm on s wheelchair part time. 1 of 2
2 of. https://www.gofundme.com/homelessnesshelp …. I would love yo elaborate.  j#medicaldevice.
My personal healthcare experience: Since #ObamaCare my health insurance premiums have doubled while expensive procedures go uncovered.

burned my leg in fire needed surgery no ins pay $50 mo Turned into collections anyway: husband had high BP given pill bp taken cost $1k
B4 Obamacare I was denied coverage bc of asthma. I've ran 2 half marathon & here never been to ER bc of it. I have INS now
I married my boyfriend just for his federal healthcare... which is excellent.
I lost most of my severance & savings $$ on COBRA. A specialist who UNDERSTANDS my autoimmune condition is off the network. #UcantHelpMe
In tweets? This is a long story... well my girlfriend's parents don't seem to understand that she has a... mind of her own
Thank you, for working so hard for us on your Birthday  and everyday. You're the best!! 
I had breast cancer seven years ago. I hadn't had a mammogram for over ten years. Without medicaid and medicare I would be dead now.
I do not want a government run healthcare system just look at the VA
Adult in college, cannot afford healthcare under ACA or otherwise, suffering every day with possible kidney issue but no money to be seen to
In Europe pay a one time very low amount contribution once a year, able to see a diff. Dr. year round!
USA $monthly &every time a diff. Dr.
Share to become a part...
About a decade ago, I got really sick. Thank goodness my dad had a good job who provided really good healthcare, otherwise, I would be dead.
"Suffer ALL the little children to come unto me"...ALL children need healthcare...and all children need their parents healthy....#wearesick
As retired rehab, neuro+med/surg RN, I've seen COUNTLESS examples of lack of med care > to nightmares...U.S. "health" policy is inhumane.
GOVERNMENT SHOULD GET OUT OF OUR LIVES!  WE ARE FREE PEOPLE!
I am retired and have medicare plus my husband has a decent pension.   I am  thankful for Medicare.
Happy birthday Senator.
Survival of the richest replaced survival of the fittest. Time for #MedicareforAll #medicare4all . #EndSurvivalOfTheRichest
Live in Scandinavia. Free healthcare, regulated and capped prescription drug prices (You can pay maximum $200 per year). paid w. taxes...
My family BCBS. The copays & premiums are outrageous. Insurance should cover a lot more of the actual healthcare costs.
We're paying for people's oceanfront properties with socialism (FEMA) but would let people die without health insurance? SAD
Took my child to ER after she took some pills, blood & urine test, spoke to Dr cost us over $3500 out of pocket should I not have taken her
Had a head trauma and was turned away from 2 ERs b/c I have Medicare + am self employed. These were Medicare approved locations
My husband had a 23 minute, doctor-recommended colonoscopy. Our bill? $1400 out of pocket! It will take a full year to pay off.
@SenSanders sir you really have no clue about free health care will cost or do to the citizens and doctors of your country.
I want a Medicare system for all, because I'm an American and stand for equality.
I am a Marine Corps veteran and if it weren't for the VA hospital I'd be dead. The government should adapt the VA's model for all America
My story... I PAY MY OWN INSURANCE AND BILLS WITH NO FREEBEES FROM CORRUPT POLITICIANS LIKE YOU
My adult son got very sick because he couldn't get medication he will need his entire life.  Very bad situation in Texas
Had med ins before OCare but lost my Dr and coverage as a direct result of OC. There's my exp. Get the hell out of the healthcare business.
I turned 26 and had to choose between paying rent or having health insurance
Someone who actually wants to hear from people rather than dictating to us what we should have @OurRevolution @BernieSanders #Bernie2020
Repeal HMO Act of 1973! Make it illegal again to profit off of healthcare!
Yeah bloody bernie. I want inept doctors, dirty hospitals and 6 month waits like europe has
shut up already
Because it is the only right thing to do!
Not on board with this approach Bernie
Pro- #patient #business #creativity #entrepreneurship
not enough space pernicious anemia/hemoglobin level at 4.1 in 2014,breast cancer 2016 currently under treatment never wouldv'e gone to hosp.
Because living paycheck to paycheck is too easy for me and since I enjoy a challenge, I want Uncle Sam to steal more of my hard earned money

I have insurance through work and I have over $3000 in bills for 2 stress tests to rule out a heart condition. $3000 for 2 tests!
I have a bi-weekly payroll deductions plus: annual deductibles, coinsurance, copays for dr's visits, lab's and procedures is that insurance?
I want universal health care for all.  Work on ACA make it better every session. It will take time effort and standing committees
i got flu after work changed to PPO bcuz of high HMO costs, now i have a high deductible PPO, i decided not 2 go 2 the hospital, missed work
How will you pay for this ? Have you noticed the $20 trillion debt ? Kicking the can ?
When will you stop your shameful lies! Haven't you done enough damage electing Trump! Are you able to sleep with your election! APOLOGIZE!!!
I would like to retire, but I can't afford ins. if I do. @AllOnMedicare is good for the Economy
and I think to control costs one payment system would be most efficient,..and all Americans would have health insurance.
I am an R.N.Casemanager..retired early almost 4 years ago..tried to buy private health insurance..it costs 800 dollars a month..
Mr. Sanders, blockchain technology has the potential to transform the world.
please visit http://steemit.com , it's Reddit on the block
Damn thanks Obama
Well mien is I can't afford 2200.00 dollars a month with an family deductible of 1100.00 affordable my ass my family is WITHOUT
Profit incentive to deny coverage=too expensive to live. We need #MedicareforAll free market healthcare doesn't work anywhere
Because letting people die because they're poor is barbaric.
And who is going to pay for that? That's unrealistic. Nothing is all-for-one. Smh
I make 10/hr, 30 hr/ wk, no benefits. I'm lucky to be on husband's ins.But it's costly. We try NOT to visit a Dr unless it's REALLY CRITICAL
I wanted health care for me and family, so I got a job that offered that benefit. It's complicated for #libtards to understand, I know.
Yes let's all hear about why your voters are entitled to my labor.
More doctors will have stable job, half of their time in figuring bureaucracy saved.  Pro- #patient #business #creativity #entrepreneurship
Unfortunately, there's no such thing in this world. We try to take care of our poor, & should do more instead of worrying about illegals.
A friend WITH health insurance had to pay out of pocket for anual pap exam. Reason: preexisting condition. Guess they meant her gender 
On Monday I have to choose btwn a FT job w:benefits that will make my medicines too expensive or no job, all my meds & no apartment
Sad when a pharmaceutical company likes my tweets- how much more out of touch could they be? @CC_Specialists
Had Laminectomy at 26. W/ insurance it cost me around $3k w/ lost wages. Partial paralysis in left leg and constant pain before. Genetic.
$275 for MMR vaccines without insurance. It is a crime that the US believes only the rich deserve the luxury of being ill. People are dying
I'm retired. 1/3 of my income pays insurance premiums alone. Then there r co-pays and deductibles. Would rather pay taxes for #Medicare4All
Nothing is free including Healthcare someone has to pay for it stop being a socialist and tell people to be responsible for themselves
Part of being a doctor in the US has been the heartbreak of seeing pts with advanced disease bc they weren't born rich
Physician here. I work @ safety net hospital but many other docs say Medicare doesn't reimburse enough to keep them solvent to provide care
What the US needs is UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE, not the same as Medicare for All.
Why R U asking for videos? Sick individuals & older citizens will not be able to participate & they are most affected by healthcare.
Their relatives could help to cut through rip-off industry propaganda. More than 65% support #MedicareForAll . Real stories could help us.
BECAUSE OF CONSTIPATION.
I want to here why you endorsed and backed a criminal and a criminal system Bernie? 
You have no integrity. You don't back criminals period
I had a stroke in May. I have no insurance and over $100,000 in medical debt.
:-( nobody should have to be focused on financial devastation when they need to be focused on recovery.
I have no health care! can't afford it! I vote for a single payer health Care system!
If you like socialism move to Venezuela. I hear it's not working to well for them
perfect example of what's wrong with government. Cover military cover police help with roads and STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM EVERYTHING ELSE
I pay too much because I'm forced to pay for things some against my religion because a congressman says my money should be given to others
Had an HSA 250/mo 6k ded Now after ACA 1100mo 10k ded Only one insurer You guys f'd this up No way u r getting another shot No single payer!
Medicare is for social security they already are going broke due to gov. Misapropropriations of funds.
#MedicareforAll  is pro-choice, pro #patient #wallet #quality #SmallBusiness #Entrepreneurship. It's time we join rest of the industrialized
Couldn't get a house because of my medical debts and student loans. May not be able to pay them off.
I work in a medical office where I see ppl close to death because they didn't want to burden their families w/ medical bills & grew sicker.
In 1998 my son spent about 8.5  months in the hospital. We had coverage for the first 6 months. Still had to file bankruptcy.
My father needed 2 shots of Fragmin per day  costing $150 each!
I don't. They cut the formularies massively on medicare. Weed out the old and weak. Check for yourself.
BOINIE! HILLARY IS MAD AT YOU!!
If you think for a NY minute we want the LOUSY, CORRUPT, INEFFICIENT, MENTALLY CHALLENGED DC criminals running our HC YOU ARE MISTAKEN.
I don't think that, at all. Power corrupts, why give the corrupt government, more power? Government isn't the answer!
I lost my job in June & being diabetic, I take expensive medication.To keep Ins, I'm paying almost $500/month. Did I say I'm unemployed?
Even with insurance my medical bills are so high I have to choose between food, prescriptions or paying rent etc.
Because it doesn't work.  As Canadians that come to the US because their healthcare sucks , you going to join us ?
I can't take the tests the doctors want me to take because I can't pay the co-payment for the specialty charge... even with Medicare.
Sure. My Grandfather went through the VA for prostate surgery, and they damn near killed him. The end.
I want Medicare for all because I hear Venezuela is a socialist paradise, a great place to live, & we should be a daycare center like them.
You will do to our healthcare system what your wife did to Burlington College.
I pay $1100 a month for a single male 37 years old. My brother pays $150 a month for wife and 3 kids. Can't be free and expect others to pay
I am paying $721 a month for insurance that doesn't pay anything until I have spent an additional $6500.00....and they want an increase!
I am part of the VA, a Veteran.  The system that you helped make worse. You should share a cell with Eric Shinseki. #22vetsaday #22worstcare
Its time to put Health Insurance back in the hands of the Free Market.  Competition in all 50 states will provide value added services.
I got a full time job to pay for insurance for my seizure mess. Cut my doses in half when I couldn't afford meds.
Didn't do regular check ups cuz deductible was too high.
2 many to count, sisters 1st word-insurance. Mom left my sisters and I with my dad cuz she couldn't pay for it. Instead of college...
Senior Citizen, series of catastrophic illnesses for both wife & I, no options but bankruptcy near impossible to recover. You can't.
Medicare for all prevention lifelong medical attn cheaper than end of life repeat ER episodes which costs taxpayers more
My father lost his doctor when he went to Medicare and now suffers through a painful bureaucracy and doctors who will not accept it.
My husband is on hospice, I have to choose food or his meds. Can't afford much.
I don't have healthcare as I can't afford it
my husband has parkinson's-we were under insured.  our family spent approximately 175,000 out of pocket in five years.  we lost our home.
Neither you, I, nor anyone else is entitled to anyone else's money. Medicare is AWFUL regardless. Stick that shit where the sun don't shine.
It's not 
Dumb idea
Now, left to battle #CRPS alone. No one with any disease should be left alone to fight it!
I had a life! #CRPS STOLE IT ALL AWAY FROM ME! Simple tasks are hard! Fight to stay out of a wheel chair! Try being a mother & other things
Trust me when I say that you don't want to hear about them... #singlepayerhealthcare
#CRPS stole away everything I loved to do! Playing with my children. My skin hurts! I can't hug my own children!!! Forced on the sidelines!!
Nine years living with #CRPS due to the negligence of one man! I did not deserve any of this! He stole the way my career that I loved!
In order to take care of everything, I need to take care of myself. #CRPS is nothing short of, a living nightmare! Pain that never ends!
My father was diagnosed with cancer. My son is sick. I have a progressive form of dystrophy. #CRPS I need to take care of everything.
We are stigmatized, trivialized, ignored altogether because we have #CRPS if we had any other disease. We deserve quality of life too!
#CRPS IS #PAIN We ARE the exception to the rule! Responsible patients micromanage their medications too! Don't you forget that!
Bern, schedule a town hall. As long as Congress has a different healthcare plan, your progressive dream of a govt run system is unwanted.
With the suicides, wouldn't that Raise a sense of urgency to treat #CRPS for what it really is and does to the human body and mind?
To know the patients committed suicide to escape #CRPS is horrifying! If one of your family members had this disease, what would you do?
Hmm...not if you run it like the Bernie Sanders Save the Children Fund
And the doctors that do care about me, can't do much because the government tied their hands. Is that A fair statement?
It is definitely a fair statement and an absolute travesty. I share your pain all day every day.
Do you have #CRPS ??? The living nightmare that you can't wake up from?
No, I have spinal stenosis and a severe osteoarthritis, I live in agonizing pain. 247. And a losing all feeling from the waist down
Doctors will not treat me because I have a rare form of dystrophy called #CRPS change will do nothing because doctors don't care
Because it should be right to every living being! We all deserve to be able to be taken care of if an illness strikes us!
you mean a VA-for-all system? A system of rationed care & interminable waits, like NHS? You people have lost your mind..
