Because there is just no other answer besides govt in your mind.
What's your answer,  Einstein?
Private citizens can make their own decisions on what to buy, to band together, to help each other (as existed before big govt policies)...
Totally inefficient with small pools of people. If one person needs  a heart transplant the group is screwed
Who said it would have to be small pools of people? Now, your pool is limited to your state.
If it's through taxes,  it's the entire country. That is the most efficient system. It's been proven to work for decades. No reason not to.
The govt is NEVER efficient. They pay over 50% of all HC in US. Costs keep rising. If you had no competition would you raise your prices?
The insurance layer ONLY increases costs. It adds absolutely no value
Bern,focus on your own mental health,and retiring from never working. With all of your sellout $ you could have a great final year on Earth!
The issue at hand is Healthcare,  not Bernie 's status.
That was the issue he presented,and my tweet was about Bernie's status
Can't discuss the issue.  Only can shoot the messenger.  Congrats.  #troll
I wasn't tweeting to discuss the issue,doesn't mean I can't/won't. Don't think in such absolutist terms. Stay happy!
I appreciate your interest in my tweet and wish you all the best. Remember,self-reflection can do wonders for yourself and all around you.
Didn't you hear? The GOP now has no ideas left. They have turned to Clinton.
Hillary would be better than what they currently have.
At least Hillary had a plan. Republicans are just diverting, hoping they can ram this #wealthcare down our throats and make us like it
We don't need her anymore. The poor in the nation want and need Bernie. She is likely to compromise with Republicans anyways.
The GOP appears to disagree with you.  But you are part of the 1％, right?
The GOP isn't really relevant to Democrats winning the elections. We don't need to appeal to the right. Just to the majority non-voting poor
Tell that to the Democratic Party.  They act like Repubs,  being against single payer Healthcare.  Vote Independent. Abolish the 2 party sys
That's the establishment Dems. We need to show them the door in 2020. We have to drag the party left before they drag it right further.
They dont care,my son has epilepsy and will probably end up in icu when his medicaid is taken away
Have Hope
#BankFraudBernie #GreedyBernie #MillionaireSocialist
You should have done all you could to help@get @HillaryClinton elected
Hillary should have done more to get Hillary elected: Like actually visit WI, or go to MI when they were warned they were losing ground.
Hillary has worked for this her entire life, she was a great sec of state, she runs a great foundation, she's the only one who didn't fail
Selling uranium to a supposed enemy...arming and training ISIS...Benghazi...I'm sure she received participation trophies for those wins
Medicaid to live in Didnity I agree with Brenda Senator Sanders @namiillinois @ACLU Lawfirm @MaddowBlog @PreetBharara @davidfrum
I'm sure this perso will not be denied help. But drug addicts and prostitutes having a baby every sis month without fathers should not.
Should there be SneakerAid for people who can't afford Jordans or Lebrons?
Socialism isn't about taking care of the needy, we can do that. Socialism is about D.C. Politicians & bureaucrats controlling everything.
Bernie why don't U talk to Americans 
about the UK healthcare System&Gov. Run
Death Panels,WaitTimes&Poor Care
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/03/world/europe/uk-trump-pope-francis-charlie-gard.html … … …
No, she does not need Medicaid to live. She needs cheaper medical care and disability. Completely different.
how about the people that actually work and cant afford healthcare, btw, do u have obamacare, i dont think so
We all know how trump feels about handicapped people. He degrades them and makes fun of them. How do we get rid of the bastard?
Compelling. Phenomenal spokeswoman.
If Republicans don't care about this woman, then they don't care about any one of us.
Bernie should read the US Constitution
Bernie, shame on you for putting this woman in your ad! There is no way on God's green Earth that the government would kick her off any HC
And what about the people whose rates tripled from Obamacare? You forget those people cause they aren't your voters
What a Lady I fill this video is life changing @julieroot4
$32,000 to $45,000 in the US.
Go away
He knows what he says. Trump just lies
No one is taking her Medicaid Bernie. Stop spreading fake news.
Maybe you should give her some of that money you stole?
we need European style universal healthcare, period.
Bern!! delete your T-Acc You Sir!! became irrelevant $10000000.00 ago...
Bernie will be remembered positively , Trump on the other hand will go down as the worst president in US history.
Hahahaha.. You must be a DREAMER Mate? Bern is as big a fraud as Obama. In Due time you and others like you will see it
Every god damn politician in human history did atleast SOMETHING wrong. Or they wouldn't be human for christs sake
: If it is true that they all made and make mistakes" why then your CLAIM that DT will be the worst in Pres in hist?
Because where ever Trump is , he causes HAVOC. He constantly makes mistakes
1/2 That is the impression the Globalist Elite want you to believe. Don't hate him just because someone else hates him. He has done a lot of
Yea great lie Bernie..In Gov Run Healthcare
UK she would be judged ineligible for med
ServiceByGovDeathPanel 
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/03/world/europe/uk-trump-pope-francis-charlie-gard.html … … … …
#republicans are supposed to be the "moral" group.... nothing moral about not taking care of the poor, the sick or the elderly
And what have you done to help those poor, sick and elderly?
deflecting... pointing fingers doesn't fix anything #impeach45
she works. Supervises. Has palsy and a host of medical issues. Pre-existing concerns. She loses insurance. What's GOP answer?
read the proposed senate bill. Thank you. Don't believe what you hear. Read it for yourself.
ok so good. Then can you explain how you can have cuts, keep the same amount of people insured and not effect Medicare or caid?
once again I agree. Those people are statistically insignificant though. Able bodied people, even under ACA, can't afford insur
Democrats should listen to the millions of people who've been negatively impacted by the ACA. #RepealAndReplace @Project_Veritas @GOP
They would, if only the voices of their biggest donors weren't drowning out everyone else's voice.  Freedom of Speech and all, you know.

It's funny that you think anything you say is relevant.
Oh boy, this sure is a compelling reason to spend more on healthcare. She deserves ALL of my money!
Nice anecdotal story, not even close to reality for 99% of everyone else though. The poor unfortunates will get care however. #Compassion
if @realDonaldTrump passes universal health care http://wp.me/p30mf-5eK  he will win in 2020 in a landslide
How's the wife and high powered lawyer?
Nobody's taking that away from them!! How dare you!!! That's why you're not president right now!  You're a liar and a fraud!!!
#FullRepeal and provide safety nets for those in need. Your narrative is to take over HC. How is that working in Cuba, Venezuela?
and Dems should listen to the tens of millions of people who can't afford their premiums anymore thanks to the pass-it-overnight ACA
Do you Not see how EVERYONE in politics effects EVERYONE in AMERICA!
A simple community church was there with their help!! Far more than the liberal party EVER repayed their promises!!
Our family spent more than 2 months awaiting help.. United Way refused her..
Once her knees were bare to the bone, you and your party did NOTHING to help her..
REAL people whom should be HEARD is the the life of my mother! She worked her WHOLE life, donating to the United Way with EVERY paycheck!
Gop asked Hillary for advice is such a lie.
You need to listen to the stories of innocent people killed by immigrants.
Keep pushing the progressive propaganda fraud, if your pie hole's open, you're lying.
Indicted
I'm all for healthcare. But my money shouldn't be paying to prop up other people. Insurance is risk management. You pay your fair share
Obamacare never guaranteed people to live. Cancelling it won't make others die either. They weren't dying in mass prior to obamacare.
Anecdotal stories used as political tool, no matter how heart breaking, shld never drive public policy as they are 1 set of circumstance.
Ignorant post like this is another reason why the Democrats have stopped winning...because IT'S A LIE.  You are being LIED to by the Dems!
Please feel dis vid
YOU should listen to people who are sick of your tsxes
American people R tired of stories from a FRAUD. Need more investigations in Bernies income? millionaire pretending 2 give a damn 4 the poor
She would not lose Medicaid, liars
Thank you for sharing! Medically fragile kids like mine rely on #Medicaid to survive & live at home instead of institutions  
Thank you & I hope so!
Your policies wouldput evveryone into poverty and nobody would have health care

Always happily supported aid for people with disabilities.  Medicaid as been expanded well beyond that.  Fear Mongering
Powerful words from Brenda . Thank you for sharing
They still would not give a damn
This is sooo sad , they should be removed from office.
No he was a B- celebrity at best
Bernie Sanders is like "I don't feel like a misogynist so I can't be a misogynist." That's not how it works, Bernie! (my words, not a quote)
They. Do. NOT. Care.
And if you cared about Americans you'd analyze your own misogyny!
Thank you Brenda for sharing your story.
They don't care because she cannot give them billions in campaign donations.
so you pay your own health care
and how is it MY obligation to pay for YOUR health care
Healthcare should be a human right in a country as wealthy as America. Wonder if the whole world could be covered with the wealth of a few.
Powerful
Republicans should listen. Period. 
That is not dignity
how about listening to American Pastor Andrew Brunson? imprisoned in Turkey 4 being Christian, why not help him? #StopPersecutingChristians
So real http://www.ebay.com/itm/Beaux-arts-Bronze-Lamp-Posts-print-by-Joseph-Diaz-/132244568031?roken=cUgayN&soutkn=NzgwWc … via @eBay
Problem is Republicans don't give a  about people like her/us cuz we aren't millionaires

Does Brenda have a twitter? I'd like to send her a thank you for sharing her amazing life, and hardships with us. She's real. @SenSanders
Do you need 3 mansions and multiple vehicles to live in dignity?
democrats should listen to the people breaking their backs for others to live comfortably.
Obamacare KILLS!  Bernie quit KILLING PEOPLE!!!
Thank you Brenda!
#ElDump is not MY president either. He and the current GOP portion of Congress can all go to hell 
The GOP doesn't care. They got theirs, Let the rest die off. That's the GOP solution!
Bernie, that is Obamacare in action!
When the hell will you get it through your head that THEY WILL NOT FUCKEN LISTEN.THE COMMAND AND EXPECT OBEDIENCE ! ! ! ! ! !
Geez, maybe some tough  love was in order and she would not have been dependent on welfare
Maybe if you made good choices in your life you could take care of yourself
So what does this,American pay in taxes if none then no she is,not his,boss i am hers...
.@lisamurkowski @SenatorFischer @SenCapito @BillCassidy @JeffFlake @SenatorTimScott @SenDeanHeller @senrobportman @SenatorCollins Watch this
Qovt should offer Medicaid to any family that can not afford other plans...adds $ to US treasury @senatorlavalle @realDonaldTrump try it !
Like u listened to those hurt by the ACA?  Listening is a 2 way street
Thank you for sharing. This lady is a bad ass! Love her!!
This women is amazing, thanks for sharing her story.
Shouldn't you be helping your wife run another college into the ground?
I'm pretty sure that no human suffering affects their cold greedy hearts.
The republicans don't care if we live or die...that is the stone cold realities of their policies.
The real problem is that you never listen to anyone. Give it a try. You might learn something
No more #ObamaCAID
God bless Brenda Dare, speaking for the disabled, who wants decent medical & health care. To be treated with dignity & respect
No one has challenged taking care of the disabled.  But Medicaid has more than doubled covering unemployed.
Yoga4VETS. ourVETS
it the same statement day after day
She is a beautiful woman!!!
Perhaps she could cut back on the Twinkies and pay for her own healthcare.
A nation cannot be governed on the anecdotal.
shut up!

Propaganda
They should listen but they won't.... they call themselves Christians, but totally ignore the messages of who they say they follow...Jesus.
Their god is $$$
Repuptards only know one thing greed
What's he thinking of doing? Pulling a Hitler & having severely disabled people systematically executed? Like he has the right to decide.
My sister (pic'd left) needs it to live PERIOD. She has traumatic brain injury from anoxia (near-drowning.)
She has seizures that are being controlled by medicine. W;o it she'll have seizures & ppl can die in a seizure. Ask any dr.
Everybody gotta die, Bern. There's really no way around it. #doyouknowJesus
always ready to look up to u
What a REMARKABLE HUMAN BEING,YOU ATE,MS.DARE!! THANK YOU FOR SPEAKING UP,TODAY& MAKING YOUR QUITE IMPORTANT VOICE HEARD!! Nancy M.Sanders
Ms. Dare is hardly the average American. Are you saying most Americans need her kind of aid? I think not!

I know. It's sad, isn't it.
There are thousands of stories that cuts in Medicaid & poorer states with health issues will do to our sick & poor. GOP don't care.
Excellent video. States that supported Trump need to watch this on their TVs every nite.
it wouldn't make a difference.  They don't care.
Here's your socialist medicine aka single payer.. Government killing off the sick to save money! https://www.liveaction.org/news/over-400-people-were-euthanized-in-the-netherlands-without-their-consent/ …
And the Libs want single payer in the US?! Umm, H... no!!
#Donaldgrumptrumpisthetrashiest
Is she going to lose it?
democrats are always preying on the weak
Hey #BankFraudBernie her Medicaid would never be affected. Stop lying.
What did you think the end result of #GOP propaganda calling everyone "takers" would be?  Millions will lose healthcare.  FACT.
Turn loose of some of your money if you feel that strongly. Maybe sell a house or expensive car you hypocrite!!!
Love you Bernie
For every Medicare recipient with a sad story there are ten hard-working citizens being crushed under Obamacare.
BUT…we MUST REFRAME THE ISSUE cuz .@GOP pols DON'T CARE about other folks! #Trumpcare SCREWS UpperMiddleClass, too! Point that out 2 them!
You should be listening to your attys & worry about your crooked wife being jailed! How bout that?
But if they did that, Bernie, they'd have to admit they are responsible for the pain and suffering of millions of lowly American others.
What a absolutely wonderful person she is!
Dude @TheDemocrats suck, historically just as bad if not worse then @GOP #RepublicansuckTo
Going broke will have greater consequences than decreasing the increases
Are you claiming she didn't have Medicaid before Ocara doubt it
Not cutting off disabled that's not happening. The increase is n Medicaid is the able bodied
You don't know that for sure if the spending is capped instead of changing the eligibility requirements
Medicaid was meant for the disabled not the young working age. So before Obamacare she wasn't covered
This made me ball my eyes out. She is 100% right, 100%. #BrendaDare
Need a bipartisan approach! Please try.
The repleal isn't about medicaid. Its about Those who can't afford a doctor due to high premiums and deductibles.
Neither Republicans nor Democrats care about anyone living in dignity except for their privileged owners. #OwnedTogether #DraftBernie
Now march out many more middle class who got hurt by your crap Obama Care. Two sides to every story Bernie Liberal Loser Hypocrite Tell IT
Sorry to hear about your wife going to jail for fraud.
Bernie Liberal Losing Hypocrite now hear this. What has she been doing since birth? Receiving help I bet and she should. That wont change!
Bernie why don't u listen to business owners we need govt out of r businesses ur making it difficult to employ people
Bernie you are a #sellout! Go away, you stabbed your supporters in the back, you are worse than HRC!!!
REAL Progressives should take note of fact @SenSanders is War Pig who supports MIC Death-Merchants & backs Israel's genocide of Palestinians
What a wonderful young lady articulate and inspirational wow you are an amazing woman you should be in politics. 
And I am certain this lady will continue to receive Medicaid once Obamacare is repealed...so what's your point Bernie?
Bernie Sanders thank you for fighting for us
@BernieSanders  you should've listen to the people when we said Never @HillaryClinton you fool. The primaries were rigged and you were in it
Why should he listen to these stories? 
He doesn't care about the people!
Unfortunately..
Nothing is happening to Medicaid Bernie. She's had it for 44 years and will continue to do so.
and you should pay for it.
Do you understand gow taxes work?
of course. #missthepoint
How's that FBI thing goin?
Cross Check Voter Suppression is going to cost 2018 midterms. Must shout from the rafters about it!!!
republicans hear the words, can't be avoided - republicans don't care. Today's republicans have a streak of sadism through them a mile wide.
Single payer will kill these people with its death panels just like Europe's.  Free market saves lives advances medicines finds cures
More irrelevant twaddle from Bernie. How does this address the issues of peace and development? What about Glass-Steagall, or singlepayer?
You're my boss Bernie.
But you don't listen to our stories.
You should read the bill rather than peddle fear.  Truly despicable behavior.
You could have stopped at: Republicans should listen...end with a spicey PERIOD!
Cause socialzed, government run health care is so great for charlie gard
Your wife should help her when her indictment is over!
you know u should really stop using the poor & handicap for your agenda. work on a solution instead of trying to gain sympathy using people
You're at an age when the good Lord could take you at any time, Bernie.  Can't you and the wife just mellow out and enjoy what you've stole?
#BrendaDare = American HERO!
He's been paid by taxpayers for over 30 years. What has he done til now?
More fake flap from fraudulent Bernie!
Morality does not work with them.
Can you live in dignity?
