"WE THE PEOPLE" @SenCoryGardner WE fought & WE declared our independence so WE would have representation! #whereiscorygardner?
Republicans should never refer to themselves as CHRISTIAN again!
You clearly do not understand Christianity, how socialism works or the difference between relevatism and moralism.
You are a #RadicalChristianTerrorists you do not use Christianity to discriminate. No the teachings of Christianity I know. ..you pervert it
It's the failed democratic health care bill that they are fixing Bernie help stupid don't tweet
Thank you for fighting for the working people, the disabled and elderly.
Working people? Are you fing high? He is "fighting" to divide us, steal from the working class and remove our freedoms. He hates the workers
Which mental institution are you tweeting from?
Another massacre during the Eid in Yemen Saudi air strikes bombing house in saada Some gift during #Eid
#Yemen
Senator Sanders has no time for this. He's trying to unify us with the warmongers.
Under what principle what that be? Only morality can unify. He believes in relevatism which is the opposite of morality. He is dividing us
Thanks for standing up for American values.  Everyone deserves health care!
This is ACTUALLY immoral. It was started by a member of your party. #HuntRepublicans
You're worse on here than President Trump
I'll start the coffee, this might take awhile.
GET OFF THE SOAP BOX U KNOW THAT BILL IS  BETTER THAN THE OTHER ONE THE DIFFERENCE IS THE GOV WON'T BE PAYING FOR FREELOADERS WITH MY $ U LK
You are a socialist and believe in relevatism. Relevatism is the opposite of moralism. You are by definition immoral and do not understand
You give me hope for this country.
Or your wife pays for any crimes she's committed or you get voted out of office for trying to give away more & more of Other People's Money
you will lose!
That's why you're off 218 days this year?  No rest?  Forget rest - retire.  But pass term limits first
Great screw the middle class with Obama care we pay your salary keep in mind
OK, BUT THE PPL WON'T REST UNTIL U & JANE R THOROUGHLY INVESTIGATED FOR SEVERAL CRIMES & ETHICS OFFENSES - SO GO FOR IT, BERNIE
Thanks, #BankFraudBernie for all that you do!!
It's his wife that is being accused by a bank. Get your fake news right so that you look less foolish.
Actually Bernie is being investigated as well for pressuring the Banks into giving the loans so get your facts straight
Yep abuse of his power. Unfit for leadership.
Your argument is based upon fake news. Oh and whose side is creating the fake news?
But abortion is not immoral you hypocrite
Shouldn't you just worry about your criminal investigation??

You should have been as vigilant when Pelosi got her disaster passed.  Pass before you see whats in the bill. Bad memories
Be careful Everyone will label the Dems as "Obstructionist" 
I will not rest until Democrats unanimously support single-payer health care, as in every [other???] civilized nation.
Define "Civilized". Your belief in relevatism means you don't believe in morality. Civilized describes a society unified in morality.
SANDERS,HOW DOES A BABY GET AWAY FROM THE BABY SETTER???????
You hypocrite
BERNIE YOU DEMOCRATS AGREED TO PASS THE ACA RATHER THAN SINGLE PAYER WHEN Y'ALL HAD A MAJORITY IN CONGRESS ? & Held the POTUS job too.
We will not rest until @BernieSanders and his wife is in jail for bank fraud
delusion&delirous! GOV SHLD NOT BE IN HEALTHCARE TO START! MED EXPANSION CAUSED MILLIONS OF ABLED BODIED F'ers TO ENROLL #FRAUD
Bernie you're a sell out. #FeelTheBurn
Hey old man, take a break...go relax at one of your homes....- DC
That's bad news, Bernie can get really crabby when he doesn't get enough sleep.
So u Bernie are the moral authority now? Might want to check ur wife's morals- bank fraud?!??
Stop talking healthcare. HEARTLESS=> Jane Sanders Tried to Evict Disabled Group Home Residents After Closing Shady Land Deal Under FBI Probe
if we all sent a dollar each to Judicial Watch they could work a hell of a lot faster than they do.
You are really a suck man!
I hope you are held accountable for all this talk about evil, deadly republicans. Any wonder your supporters shoot people? You are to blame.
Sure you will rest Bernie, behind bars!
#Wealthcare
Or until Single Payer becomes reality.  
#SB562
#SinglePayerNow 
CA Dem Reps should be ashamed
Thank you! I wish you were our president. You were robbed by Hillary and she was robbed by Trump.
Thank you, sir.
Obamacare set this all in motion!Why did you give Dems a pass? Your supporters furious or don't care?
Immoral was when u D.C. Democrats made my healthcare plan illegal under #Obamacare regulations.
Sen Sanders has no time for this in between fighting his wife's allegations and lounging @ one of his beach houses.
I've followed you since the election campaign and ive seen nothing but bitching and moaning since you lost the primary
Wonder if he figured out that collateral is the reason why interest rates on mortgages are lower than student loans...
Neighborhoods should pool resources to send one member to med school and bypass the whole crooked system of healthcare profiteering.
Be careful! Trump and his administration will try to bring you down. The witch hunt has already started.
We're gonna fight the power and protest until we get what we want from those racist while supremacists!
Call it by it's real name.  It's a "wealth care" bill.
YOU ARE THE PEOPLES PRESIDENT BERNIE!! WE LOVE YOU!!
Now youre resisting, good. The #BankFraudBernie investigations will quietdown. #TheShadowKnows
Never has health care made me so sick. ( this GOP excuse of a Bill needs to be DNR....)
You are simply a lying hypocrite and fraud who would incite any manner of action to get your way. You are the immoral ones.
I say let Obama care reign in its original form by letting Dems win this debate! Then when it crashes it'll be great campaign fodder!
at this point,f*** it, repeal it, let the hicks lose hc, natural selection will follow. 
let them see the grass on the other side
Let's be honest, Obamacare and Trumpcare are terrible.
A shame on you.... fraud money 
You're going to need some coffee 
Why don't you spell out what steps the Republicans have taken so that Obamacare dies? Why can't you explain that to the American people?
Bernie is also a fraud
10 Million dollar bank fraud to enrich himself.  He is an actor
Both parties must be destroyed
#maga
Socialism in Venezuela kill pets for food
Single payor at the VA killing Veterans
84 hospitals closed in CA due to Govt
Wake up
#maga
There should not even be a health care bill.  Just repeal Obamacare and let people buy whatever they want
We will keep fighting them too.
Call your Senator's tell them to vote NO on Trump Care 2.0. The rich and wealthy do not need a welfare program.
Americans can learn to work together as one people or Americans can choose to die together!!!
Bernie I love you, you need to introduce amendments. You also need to distance yourself from Democrats before you're saying "Et tu Brute?"
Why haven't there been any ammendments offered? GOP is going to bully this through at some point. Introduce 400 ammendments.
What's immoral Senator is to keep spending money we don't have! And last I checked so is bank fraud!! Be part of the solution!
There is so much money senators could give to healthcare...but they give it to bail out banks....
Make sure you don't allow Republican "Representatives" any peace on their 4th of July break. TELL THEM #NoAHCA
Have fun in prison! Bring lube.
Or I'm in Federal prison lol...better practice holding onto the soap with 2 hands real tight! 
@SenSanders "immoral" & "unconscionable" r a poor choice of words for som1 under FBI investigation 4 pressuring bank 2 approve $10M loan
ur statement suits India too now.#NotInMyName #LynchRaj
#Lynchistan #Indiaagainstcruelty 
#StopMobLynching
Are you seriously calling Republucans immoral? Wow, what hypocrisy. Do you understand we all have the ability to search your life history?
We will not rest until you and Mrs Sanders are eating bologna sandwiches in prison for defrauding the government.
Your going to be one tired S O B
Look at that damage obamacare has done, if it worked we wouldn't need a change, I'd rather keep government out
Thank you @SenSanders.
~ Too bad u didn't have the same concern about the  equally egregious ACA.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump  amen Bernie
What happened to bipartisan progressivism? There is no sharing a table with you kind hearted progressives, is there? Unless it goes your way
Everything you don't like is not unconstitutional.
Give back the lake house Bernard.
Obamacare is moral?
It's the Democrats that are IMMORAL just look at Pelosi, Schumer & Waters!!
When is you term up for reelection?   All the worst luck.  Hope Vermont sees your folly.
is that before or after you and your wife are indicted for your fraud in Vermont?
Don't you have a deposition to prepare for?
Who is immoral? Try looking in the mirror and your own family.  That is immoral.
THANK YOU for your indefatigable voice.
How do you plan on paying for the budget for the next generation of Americans? Aren't we spending our future away?
Proud of your diligent voice. Nursing home elderly deserve to live humanity matters.
like you really care the communist who earned over $1 million 2016 YOUR A FRAUD
And we won't rest until your plan is dead and buried
We are right with you
You got it Bernie 
Dems calling someone else immoral? 
Bernie will you're wife be bunking will Hillary.
Bernie is a deceiver.  
@secpricemd Only in Washington could a $71 billion increase be considered a cut.
I'm torn between wanting to give Republicans a taste of their own medicine and wanting to stop the practice of obstructionism.
I will keep on pushing. We need to speak out!
Hahahaja!!!!  Like you have the right to call anyone or anything Immoral or unconscionable!!!!  #BankFraudBernie
GO Bernie
Bernie lies and apparently is involved in bank fraud.
you have the nerve to call someone else immoral????? boy have you got nerve
Is bankrupting a college immoral or unconscionable? Bernie for President... of Venezuela! Ba ha ha ha! #MAGA
Thank you
Rest Bernie, you'll feel better
Please help prevent the Sanders plan, where everyone gets government support, some before others after they've gone broke.
It's not #healthcare , it's #weathcare  !
#BernieBankFraud
You are a demon. People have the right to make decisions without being taxed cause they didn't make your choice. Throw them all in Medicaid
Go to bed. YOU should have insisted Obama care be better. Too late 4 u Bernie
geez Bernie do you still lie abt every issue? How can u lie 2 the public and look in the mirror ? What a con job u r laying down
They like lining their pockets with peoples money paying the fines because they cant afford Obamacare! Cheaper to pay fine & be uncovered!
So you want to kill middle class?
Bernie, you are awesome.
How about you banking scandal?
You should've  fought  so hard against Obama"s ridiculous Obama care
Immoral and unconscionable like forcing people against their will to buy insurance they don't want justified as a twisted life tax?
Wouldn't immoral include someone who lies to get massive loans, benefits from it and then bankrupts the school???
Bernie you can't go more than 2 hours without taking a quick nap. Nice try!
So if Obamacare so good why aren't you under it.
oh, poor bernie, cannot visit his new lakefront home or help his wife commit fraud until the GOP HC bill is done. or just more hypocrisy???
We the people want Obamacare repealed and replaced with a plan that works for everyone
You are such a liar.
I agree gov out of healthcare welcome aboard Bernie
Ok everyone Obamacare is over and Bernie doesn't want republicans to put a bill into effect. So it's his way or nothing? He's not in charge.
Immoral was Obama care and you lier do not say a world shame

Wealth care!
Right Bern take the moral high ground - stick us w crap Ocare then offer or do nothing to help- oh hope the Bank Loan issue is "Fake News"?
WE THE PEOPLE WON'T REST TILL THE SWAMP IS DRAINED @POTUS @GOP @seanhannity @Circa @newtgingrich @FoxNews @DonaldJTrumpJr
No Bernie, You and the democrats are immoral and unconscionable for ramming Obamacare down our throats in the first place.
A sore loser
There will be no HC from repubs. It's why it keeps stalling. We want free market, not socialism. Fuck failing Obunghole care.
And the FBI won't rest until you are held accountable for your actions. After all...you are being investigated by the FBI
You're immoral! Ten million dollars federal investigation
But bankfraud is always availsble
Senator, you and the DEMS may be responsible for saving so many lives, we thank you
Bernie, Fuck the haters mate. Fighting for universal healthcare shows what you are really about. On behalf of the T1 Diabetics - Thank You!
Immoral Bernie Sanders,  like bank fraud. 
Wifey,Jane  Burlington college loan fraud..
??????
 I gotta call you out...why so judgemental & calling names when u claim christianity?  U know what ur doing is wrong & uncalled for. No H8.
Yes you are far behind...look at other Countries.. years ahead..
Trust, most sane Americans don't WANT to be behind like this. We want fucking healthcare and like science & human rights.
You want to sit on ur ass and collect hand-outs.
The government should NOT be in the healthcare business and health isn't a right! 
Life is a right. Thus, everything that sustains life is too. U have a right to air each time u need to breathe & medicine each time u R sick
Hahah.  So first Obamacare fails.  Then you say healthcare is a right. Then you say we'll obstruct any healthcare they bring #hypocrite
How about you guys just go rest! Your brains are imploding. Obamacare has killed & prevented so many from getting care. Do you even care???
Said the man under investigation for bank fraud
I doubt you know what is immoral an unconscionable.
Hey Bernie you are a fraud a liar a thief. You talk a lot of BS
So does that mean your bank fraud is moral and conscionable???
It will see the light of day old Bernie.
Sen.Sanders...I'm Thankful for Your
support"...You are  always standing 
up for America best interest: "Thank 
You! "God Bless!!!
What about the immortal Obamacare Robbing Hard Working Americans Blind with High Premiums and Outrageous Deductibles TERM LIMITS
good LET"S SEE THE VERB
All you do is talk, come up with solutions.
Me gustaría tanto creer que va a suceder así...         Lamentablemente va a ser una expresión de deseos
When you rest, I hope fraud and sellout is all you see.
and we will not rest until we see u in prison for bank fraud. We want full repeal or let Obamacare die. U own it.
Sanders is not under investigation! Allegedly it's his wife. She hired the lawyer not him. I voted for Trump & I'm for MedicareForAll.
Again I voted for tromp and I hate trump care! if this goes through I will not vote for Trump again
Bernie u want burn down Senate or u need loan for wifeee pooh. Most Americans want our paid employees work together.Not burn Basilica#MDC
Bull 
OnlyWay2LimitDamage
of Trump&Repubs,
is2TakeBackMajority
VoteDem2018 #LikeEmOrNot
#Indivisible
http://woodstockearth.blogspot.com/2016/10/revolutionfrom-toxicstatus-quo.html …
@earthspeakorg
Not impressed w Dems, but Can't imagine EVER voting Repub!
WeCallThem'DuplicitousDems'
PlsReadSection
http://woodstockearth.blogspot.com/2015/10/thumbingtheir-noses-at-society.html …
butInA2PartySystem
&NoChangeInThatBy2018
aVote4NotDem
isVote4Trump&Repubs
'Deranged'or'Insane'
impliesInnocence. 
Trump&HisCorruptCabinet
are'Evil',
&He&TheRepublicans
haveNoConscience.
http://woodstockearth.blogspot.com/2015/10/thumbingtheir-noses-at-society.html …
I'm sure they are fine with putting it up to a vote without it ever being seen.
Some how you made it into the senate. It won't be the only unconscionable thing there!
#stopJuly5thvote
Your agenda for this story is fake news. You hide behind political words to bolster hate and story to an agenda that is not political. Sad
