Did ObamaCare ever get debate from the Left before they forced it on us? The answer is no but always double standards from the liberals.
#fakenews. If you had done your research it had multiple debates and multiple amendments including many by Republican members of Congress.
Republicans watered down health care. Had they not it would be an excellent system and could lead the western world. GOP is the antichrist
The health care bill is still being constructed. Doesn't matter though, liberals are mind controlled to resist anything Trump does. Idiots!
And finally I'm opposed to people like you who stereotype and don't even realize the bill is complete and was done behind closed doors.
The bill is not complete because 4 Republican Senators have said they will not vote for it so it will be changed some more.
You honestly do not understand how our government works do you?  It would have to go back to the House and be rewritten in order to pass.
You seem like a very angry and unhappy person, just like @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer Being on Trump's team means winning and feeling happy.
You are a loser at the hands of the @DNC .  Why should we listen to you when @NancyPelosi said you have to pass it to read it.
If Trumpcare passes, it's only a matter of "when" we suspend The Constitution and declare martial law.
Did the democrats do,that?????
Why don't we have laws preventing hidden deals that effect so much of our economy let alone 10's of millions of it's citizens? 
Trumpcare is a huge neutron bomb on the health care industry. Don't even expect the health care industry to survive.
Good point. On the issue of climate change, impacting billions of people, I hope you have the guts to stop opposing nuclear power.
Nuclear is not a permanent solution. We are still debating how to dispose of the waste. It is efficient for now, but we need more renewables
The U.S. National Academy of Sciences and the equivalent scientific advisory panels in every major country support geological disposal.
Geological disposal is still problematic.Nuclear is great short term, not permanant. We need to invest in renewables
Dems said vote for obama care then we'll read it#hypocrites
NEITHER DID B.O
Neither did the democrats
McConnell's not afraid. He NEVER talks to his constituents, especially if they disagree or don't give $ to his campaigns. @SenateMajLdr
I expect Trumpcare is going to be unfinished business before we default on the national debt soon anyways.
No they should have drafted behind locked doors & then said the bill must be passed to find out whats in it as quoted from Pelosi.
Where is the democratic bill? Oh I forgot your a socialist
You have to pass the bill to find out what's in it...ring a bell?
Why are you still lying to the ppl uninformed enough to still listen to you after you sold them out to Hillary
Why did Pelosi say Obamacare had to be passed to see what's in it? ACHA is released only 142 pages go look at it
Dude it was debated. Look it up.
Bernie if Obamacare is so good why did you and ALL other dems exempt urselves from it?
Have the tobacco companies pay for all the poor smokers whose bad decisions was influenced by those companies. Then repeat in like cases...
Really?? Going there?? When did Obamacare get passed? And be honest.
why deal with democrats till their ready? you have 1 agenda it's OBSTRUCTION! The good thing is YOU are losing liberals, everytime U speak
You mean like you damned Democrats shoved ObamaCare up our butts.  Remember: What comes around goes around - you jerk
Obamacare redux.
Get on the megaplatform that you've been touting & block this travesty.  This sb your opportunity to show how u would have won election.
I think your lot has done enough damage. You left one hell of a huge mess for the GOP to clean
Bernie you still my favorite I hope you taking care of yourself so you can be ready to run for president of USA in 4 years stay real
If we don't have enough Americans who care, we just stay in our circles and teach our children our values. My heart hurts
Hum, does anyone remember Nancy Pelosi saying"We have to pass the bill to see what's in it," does that mean that Bernie didn't read it ether
Need
I respect you, Mr, Sanders,  please understand all that unrest in Washington,  would delay what we the people beed
Accusations from a person dad approve Obama care without reading it?
That's because they don't care about people or democracy.
Does it really matter Bernie when the bill comes out to the resist at all cost dems?
You never showed any guts when Obama was running the country for 8 years, now you are concerned. Hypocrite
or look their constituents in the eye
It would be nice to hear your views on voter discrimination or institutionalized racism in our county.
Check out his podcast, some of this is addressed in it
I seriously doubt that.
Did you read the last one?
You know what takes guts? Standing up to someone that ROBBED you instead of siding with #Her
This is certainly not normal. Then they'll blame the dems for all of their secrecy.  This shows they are NOT WORKING FOR THE PEOPLE,
Might be something more sinister going on. Either way, not expecting this legislation to be an improvement over the 'mean' House version.
Neither did you with the affordable care act! Not that two wrongs make a right....
Lmao give it up loser
You should just resign
Shut up already Bernie u talk bout doing what look at Otto you Dems did nothing proven blood on your hands all of you Dems down to obama
Unless there are electoral consequences, they will never open the process.  Why would they if there is no penalty??  #MerrickGarland.
Because they know it will fail!  Americans have the right to know what's in the bill!
Bernie Sanders is used by Clinton&Obama to trigger reactions & still encourage ignorant people they're brainwashing to sh00t republicans!
He is still promoting the delusion that over 40,000 people will d!e if ObamaCare is repealed that came from,"Washington Post." Obamas puppet
What do you know about guts? Or are you talking about the "guts" your wife & daughter demonstrated to cheat the system and rake in $$$$?
U mean like the Dems did w/Obamacare?  Selective outrage is hypocrisy at its finest. Your words affect others, you should measure response.
....And very anti freedom on so many levels...
You people are very scary, inciting all of this rage and hostility, just because you lost an election... Rediculous!
Fortunately my vote is anonymous, and I don't have to worry about being beat up at the polling place next time I vote for Trump.
Democrats need better candidates, That's for sure-Bernie is all we have to stand Up to Republicans!
I don't have the guts to put my Trump bumper sticker on my car, I might be assaulted or shot because of you guys.
We will take down Republicans in 2018!!! There fate will be Ours! 
So how are you whining about what is in it if you don't know...just shut the hell up dude
@SenSanders     Is this allowed? It's unethical ; however, GOP isn't fazed by ethics. What do we do as citizens to end this tyranny?
The world is a hot mess.SO SAD!!
How is everyone in congress letting this happen!?!?!?
Senator I can predict if we let them past this bill, then the worst just begin.
They hide like cowards over it because they know those of us who will be devastated by their bill will rise up in anguish and anger.
We will read after we pass it. Remember Bernie?
RepS want to destroy healthcare in secret? All I can say is I hope voters of this country turn out in droves to vote them out. How pathetic
Gut and psychology
What a shame
Bernie trashed Obama Care for 7 years. He has, as usual, zero credibility. Bernie is a windbag
Yes Bernie.  Let's have a debate on the republican healthcare bill. @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain @dougducey @SenateMajLdr
Why ever time some one new in office like screw up ,
Typical!!
Democrats didn't either and you lied and lied and lied! 
You tellem' Bernie.
Continue the fight. Still feeling the Bern!
Save us, Senator!
Bernie
How does it feel, that is  how we felt about Obama care you slammed down our throats and I lost my provider because of it
I would do my best to keep such an abomination under wraps too.
BECAUSE THEY KNOW IT WILL NEVER SURVIVE ON THE SENATE FLOOR. 
#TyranTrump
#GOPmobsters
#GOPmonsters
THEY DESERVE THE EMBARRASSMENT OF LOSING
They have to pass it, to see what's in it
Thank you
We have to pass it in order to see what's in it.
There is no debate for a failed Obumacare.
Your already ready ro fight it before you see it so why show it too you? It could be great and you would fight it because it wasnt democrats
Putting out the bill. You guys will not allow Republicans to do their job and work without resistance and thats wrong
#Americans are Tired of the abusive rhetoric U have been using against 'certain' ppl + not OTHERS..do U recall running away from your Podium
Yes a form of dictatorship.
You can't stand not being in charge wow sleepless nite there Sir?
A Socialist that voted for the epic disaster Obama care with no input from Republicans claim someone else has no guts. Quit obstructing
Obamacare is dead! Millions will be without insurance unless the Republicans create their own bill.
Just like you Democrats did with Obamacare?  You Democrats knew that the American people were aganist it but did it anyway!
All Demogog BS, Bernie !
Seems like obamacare had a 63% disapproval rating but they rammer it home anyway. Neither party gives a shit about the people
this is the kind of stuff i cant stand. youre not wrong, but where were you when the dems did the same thing?? have some principles.
Spineless rethugs are cowards not patriots! How do they all manage to stand with only one spine among them?
Lies!
Maybe they should pass a law on "right to die" before they try to on a new health care bill
You mean like Democrats did before they passed maubamacare. I recall something about having to pass it to see what is in it. Hypocrite.
I thought they were supposed to represent their constituents. Where is our government?
Mr Sanders being dissabled is like being on the Titanic  locked us up so the rich take these life boats from us firdt
-Bernie's right again!
Was he right when he trashed and denigrated Obama Care for 7 years?  Bernie  is a hypocrite  and a blustering  old windbag
- But he knows that single payer coverage for all is right. Yes, it will raise your taxes. Man up'
IMPEACH Republicans
Guts? Look at yourself.
Stack up the amendments by the thousands? Strangle it? Wouldn't that work?

thank you for all you do.  Keep up the pressure and get in as many amendments as possible!!
What are you going to do to be the change?
Bernie sold out to Hillary now he's huffing and puffing and he doesn't like it,awe wah,bernie you stink at politics
Some REPUBLICANS are nothing but a Rubber Stamp
Wasn't it Pelosi who wanted to vote first and read the healthcare bill after?
The remarks were made in a statement EXPLAINING the bill. Reps morphed bc they don't think you'll look into it. Prove them wrong.
WE SEEN WHAT KIND OF PEOPLE YOU SURROUND YOUR SELF WITH (KILLERS) YOU SHOULD BE A SHAME OF YOUR SELF AND YOUR PARTY!
Use the Nuclear Option Senator!!!
Apparently a few were taking notes during class in 2010.  What's good for the goose...  Bernie, let me introduce you to my friend Karma...
U do know that comment was made during a speech where she was explaining what was in the bill, right? Refers to fake-news not secrecy
The ppl who protest to protect healthcare at any cost to save lives are the same ones protesting to protect the murder of an Innocent Life.
I know...I hope John Ossoff wins in Georgia
Well Bernie, the GOP has done pretty good, using alternative facts lying about meeting with Russians and firing anybody who opposes them.
That's not true you know how the process works you're lying to your constituents
300 million peeps
Obamacare destroyed me. I couldn't afford anything. Your "free system" is flawed. Competition helps the economy, not handouts.
Yeah, let's kick 30 million people off healthcare just for you. Makes sense.
Let's cripple the middle class and send us further into debt! Great plan!
Well Bern, nobody had the chance to debate that shitty Obumer care either! What's your complaint for?
So do something unprecedented, dude. You're there! We're not. Stop acting helpless!
On an issue that impacts tens of millions of people, Republicans don't have the guts to let their health care bill come up for debate.
But they have no problem signing death warrants for Americans with pre-existing conditions or the elderly. #DESPICABLE
#HoldTheFloor
You didn't contribute any ideas. You don't get a say. Remember, resist?!  That's what republicans are doing to you.
Leaked video evidence from james comeys laptop show Bernie Sanders masturbating in front of school children.
Names names names who has died so far. I haven't heard of anyone who has died with no health care you said Millions and can't give me 100
Course not Bernie, it's paybacks 4 hidden Obamacare. You forget about this?
Pelosi..U have to vote on it to see it.
She's explaining parts of the bill when she makes the comment. I love it! Make the R's tell us what's in the bill like Pelosi did there!
Shame on them.  Can't believe this is happening.
Like "you have to pass it to know what's in it"
Not every Republican is guilty, stop using 2 party politics to play the blame.  Don't let your staffers tweet for you any more.  Done w u
No guts? That sounds serious... I hope their insurance covers that
Repubs know better than to let it come up for debate.  Need to pass a farce quick.
Thinking a little lower, Bernie!!
Please Let ME SPEAK TO CONGRESS ON HEALTHCARE
Huge Multibillionaire Hospitals Send SICK WORKERS TO GOVERNMENT
Harrasment and rid Sick & injured Workers To Government, Care for Their OWN GREAT SOLUTION
#WeThePeople are the boss. #ShowUsTheBill or you're fired.
Not a Single Person In CONGRESS has Obamamess,I worked Trauma 25 yrs, INJURED & lost INSURANCE w  GSW victims FREE CARE
Well, they have to protect their corporate pimps of course!
Halarious None of CONGRESS need Obamacare They Don't CARE
The @TheDemocrats have created this great divide by being the obstructive party Though the @GOP has made hard to cross the aisle help US ppl
Please Allow ME TO SPEAK ABOUT HEALTHCARE SO NECESSARY
I'd like to share My HealthCare Situation It WOULD ENLIGHTEN U
The gang of 13 led by @SenateMajLdr don't have the guts to share #Healthcare bill with other @SenateGOP! No wonder they'll not debate it!
Of course not they are the same as those sorry Democrats... Is time for our Socialist movement to come to the forefront Comrade @SenSanders.
Mr. Waffler between Independents/Dems who can call 'em out but does nothing. #WrenchThrower ~
Fellowship my friend and you will reap the rewards What have you done to improve the fellowship of the Body of congress tell me what? 
What GOP members should we be pressing?
#ShowUsTheBill #HoldTheFloor
Get over it! Obamacare is dead!
On an issue that impacts tens of millions of people, you don't have the guts to stand up to #WarMongers & #ProfessionalLiars about "Russia"
Oh, like the vigorous debate over Obama care ?
Another paid staffer on the FEDERAL PAYROLL tweeting for Bernie... Whatta guy... can't tweet for himself!!!
Low lying cowards!
Bernieeee
Leader of a group that wants socialism 
Why should they include you obstructionist?
And we need people like you fighting them. 
They have to be stopped.
Simple, this is NOT healthcare. 
Even major trumper are saying no!
The Republicans don't care, and the Democrats enacted the GOP plan that turned out to be too expensive. It's time 4 universal single payer.
Wrong. They have the guts to do whatever the fuck they want, the people be damned. If Dems had some guts maybe they could be stopped.
Republicans need to come out of the closet
Your Obamacare has imploded leaving millions with no healthcare and the Dems do nothing.
will be so happy to see this admin out of there!!
What logical explanation is there to hide a #healthcarebill other than the fact that it doesn't help people... #dumptrump
did democrats? #DemocratsLiesMatter #MrThirteenAndAHalfPercent
what do we do Mr Sanders, because I'm tired of their apathy!
did democrats w/#Obamacare? Be #resposible . You millionaires shouldn't #lie so much! #hypocrite #MrThirteenAndAHalfPercent
The same for obamacare
Hold them off!
So filibuster by amendment!
All they care about is getting relected in 2018, 20- impact wouldn't be felt til after; win for wealthy;win for those who want repeal of ACA
Have house/senate sworn to submit themselves and families to individual Trumpcare policies instead of tax-payer funded health insurance?
You have not got the guts to talk about the houses, the Audi R8 and the money. You made for you books and that you are a 1%er
