No free phones. No free health care , No free housing .
For your information Bush Jr. gave out the phones.
As for healthcare Tax Corporations, Elite & Churches. Empty homes should house Veterans!
Right....because corporations aren’t taxed right now.   Good Bernie thinking you have going there.
I just noticed that you are a new TrumpTroll account and I don't play that game....so...goodbye
I most certainly did not post in favor of Trump.  Who are you addressing?
@VernonJustice1  No, sorry that message was Not addressed to you. It was a brand new account that supported tRump.
Thanks for clearing this up.
Twitter has made it more difficult & confusing. (I believe on purpose) It was my fault...I should have used .@.
Ma’am, would you please explain your reasoning? That doesn’t make sense to me. What does skin color have to do with it?
I disagree with you, ma'am, but thank you for answering my question. Honest and respectful dialogue is the only way to reunite our nation.
What's funny is where I live about 75% people on welfare are white. And I'm a minority paying more taxes...
I THANK GOD EVERYDAY BERNIE THAT YOU ARE NOT MY POTUS!
Someone recently tweeted there are 2 types of #Trump supporters - #Billionaires & #idiots. #TaxReform #WednesdayWisdom @CNN @FoxNews @MSNBC
When is the FBI going to arrest you and your wife.
Move to Russia Bernster!
You misspelled Trump...
LMAO... you’re so hard up you had to like your own comment!!!
Yet the @GOP wants 2 do a tax break but Only 4 the 1% then the 99% bc the poor dont deserve tax breaks then the president & his rich friends
They should be thanking the rich because they live off them!
really?R u blind or stupid bc if u didnt know that EVERY TIME they " taxes" it goes 2 the rich while the poorest have 2 haul on their backs
The poor need to get off their backs. They pay low/no income tax, collect aid from the state, some get more back than paid in!
Yea but how can they live on $7.25 an/hr & try to live in a home that they can pay rent or eat
Taking my taxes doesn't teach those who made poor choices how to survive.
Really and allowing the rich to get richer is not helping either bc THEY pass that 2 their spoiled children that R LAZY & dont do anything
That's your problem, you need to worry about yourself. Wouldn't you try to provide the best life for your children?
Medicare only partially covers the needs of the disabled and the elderly. Cuts would be like standing this vulnerable group and firing.
#CHADGATE
COVER UP! TRUMP DID NOT LISTEN! EXXON ABUSE, TRAV/BAN LIST, 50 DAY PASSPORT RULE WITH NO EXCEPTIONS FOR THEM? BEST TROOPS LEFT US!
Put the Medicare money back, that you stole to increase Medicaid roles! Give everyone a tax break, largest % to middle income earners, yes even you should get a little break!
#2 politicians always want pictures with vets/first responders but want to cut their benefits, medical, pensions
Sanders always saying no tax break for the top 1%, he never says the top 2% I figured out why  because he’s in the top 2% 
Stupid answer
Also protect our veterans and first responders
Indeed!
In other news: @SenSanders supports 100% tax rates and US Govt bankruptcy
How much did you $ell out for and did you have to pay taxes on it?
No freebies for the rich, while taking from the poor. Where's that moral flag, you Christians are always waving? #RepublicansHaveNoShame
Some of us are still waving it Kayo! Keep a calm eye!
Nyet! Bad bot!
No bernie sanders
Liberal propaganda
You go Mr, sanders thank you
I love you Bernie!  You should have been our President. You are the only one that cares about the middle class.  God bless you and Jane!
Keep drinking that Kool Aid Marian!
Better than eating orange ass!
Wow! Do u kiss your grandchildren with that mouth? Typical response from folks like yourself. God Bless U.

Maybe you could push something about tax filing too, Bernie.
time for the @dccc @TheDemocrats @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats to preach the word! get the message out!
Thank you Senator Sanders for all your hard work on healthcare issues.
You're awesome Senator. God bless you! Please run again and keep the hope for humanity & the fire of freedom burning! You're my hero!
Senator Sanders is saying what the sane americans are thinking
No @SenSanders is saying what communist and liberals say. Tax and spend other people's money!
Have you no compassion, or you in it just for yourself and the people you like?
Cuts to military would be wonderful. Take us away from imperialism.
Sir, it's a shame your not President of the United States of America!
Jesus, Senator! You're talking just like Jesus! Are all the religious Republicans with you? Oh right: religion ain't God, it's a business.
The old deli man is striking a Stephen Hawking pose!
No cuts to medicaid save our liberty
Shmendrick
Invest in our people, in our country... Take care of our citizens!
Yeah!  Love this man
Nothing wrong with this picture right comrad Bernie?

Kick lying Ted’s @$$ tonight Bernie.
But how about let’s cut senators pay and let’s cut their benefits 
Ok Bernie sounds great
Can you image the presidency under Bernie? Unfortunately, the Russian got their way and imposed Hillary/Trump.
So right..
Tax breaks for millionaires-Koch agenda item.Gut the EPA-Koch agenda item. Paris Climate pull out-Koch agenda item.WH is full of Koch staff.
Almighty @SenBernieSanders Speaketh, All Hell to Bernie, or is it hail? Don't matter, @BernieSanders is starting to think he's a god anyway.
As @realDonaldTrump continues to prove America's choice in 2016 was the right one, curious how many indoctrinated mind-fucked #Libtards will continue to RT @SenSanders #Socialist #Communist #Progressive #AntiAmerican #BS
Reasonable!
Just more socialism from the socialist sanders.
Are you people crazy Tax cuts?  We owe 20 Trillion Dollars.  We cannot afford tax cuts.   We must cut spending 10% and raise taxes on Rich.
Do u really believe that Comrade
This bafoon still bumpin his gums?
Way to go!!!!!! Keep up the good work u have most if the country behind you
Every thing u have critizied the president for had an excellent outcome. Mr. BS.
I know you keep up good fight hope saw 60 minutes last Sunday night DEA  whistle blower about opium pain bill and congress part too
Priorities? Parents send there kid to college for an education and they are feed crap and indoctrinated with your f-up socialistic bullshit.
And lets give everyone a Red Buick car to. Don't give away what's doesn't belong to you. That includes my taxes.
No income tax! Federal sales tax. Everybody plays, everybody pays. No cuts, no breaks.
No senile socialists too.
Coz nothing screams equality like proposing for a certain group of people to not receive the same benefits as the other 99% (which is exactly what you accuse them for), you're a man of logic, Bernie.
Thank you Sen. Sanders! You have been & still are my hero!
Please more weed
Butler

Sen. Ted Cruz and Sen. Bernie Sanders to debate tax reform tonight during a CNN town hall
http://cnn.it/2gqydeq  
Please find a path for 2020


Bernie the person who says no cuts to anything. Why don’t you look at ways to deliver the service more efficiently like private ind does.
Where does all the money come from then you crazy loon??? Sell your extra houses and fund the gap then.
The FBI Just Blew The Hillary Clinton Case Wide Open She Could Literally Be Going to Jail!!  your turn next bernie,, your going to get BURN

Someone needs to tell him he's  not the president. He's just a old fuck with no direction
They're both funny but they are also both nuts
Tax the one percenters more.  Get 'em Bernie!
"How did the cat get so fat?" ~NOFX
And the Koch Republicans."How can they sleep at night..how can they sleep at night?!  How did the cat get so fat?"NOFX
Thanks Bernie, once again.  Sure wish I saw a strong Coalition of 'Democrats' rallying around you, standing up for us.
Aeroflot flight 103 leaves JFK tomorrow at 7:10pm for Moscow. Old Soviet era contingency waiting for u there with red carpet and band.
The top 1% includes you tax dodger!!!
Bernie, you are like political oxygen to me!! THANK YOU, Lea, retired Registered Nurse in Northern California
Thank you Bernie.
look at all the empty seats
I smell the need for the Bernster to use...

hey mr free stuff can you give me 10k after all it's only tax payers money seeing how we pay your salary. have it ready by 8pm tia
Ur epitaph, Bernie, will be:  "He sure talked a lot, all sounded nice, some listened & fawned.  As for what he did, Spoiler says it best."
This must be from his “money grows on trees” policy. INSANE!
Please shut up. You supported obama and cut Medicare pay to pay for Obamacare now you are concerned? Go to cuba
DO YOU NEED A PACIFIER IN YOUR MOUTH? YOU SURE WHINE A LOT....
idiot mr. Socialist.  you pay with your own money.
hey mr 13% tax rate you still alive? wow thought killary would have done you in by know
Tax cuts!!! Less money for DC...
Hey Bernie why don't you make one of your priorities to pay back the cities and towns your campaign owes money to
How about the top 20%? Since you can't give a tax break to anyone else. The bottom 80% receive more than they give.

#Aliens #SpaceShip #PlanetX #Nibiru 
Bernie always working hard for  the people. Thanks
I paid into Medicare it’s not an entitlement as Republicans say!
Come on now fight back now!!!!!
WRONG... The top 1% who pay 85% of all Taxes should also get a tax break. They will expand companies and create jobs.  U KNOW ITS TRUE
Right on Sen. Sanders
If stupid could fly you would be a jet!!
LMAO Medicare cant negotiate drug price we cant buy cheap drugs elsewhere our productivity gains go to the top 1% and Bernies the communist?
You show me the proof that you're not lying because we know that you are lying
Yeah you're right no tax cuts let's just tax America to death what y'all been doing don't work and you won't admit it
Thank you! Your focus and tenacity are appreciated. Now, what can we do?
Sen: What precisely is the problem w. top 1% getting a taxcut if everyone else clearly gets a tax cut?  Every taxcut spurs econ. growth.
Shouldn't you be getting prosecuted for something?
R u looking for another lake home ??
Bernie, not only are the top 1% the job creators but, they’re also your campaign contributors.
I'd like one Republican senator to explain how cutting Medicare and Medicaid is something like Reagan did.
No tax breaks for the wealthy, no cuts to Medicare or Medicaid and the elimination of PACs and Lobbyists, sounds very good to me.
I'm on Medicare. It's working fine. Don't cut it. If it works then leave it!
Thank you for dealing with real issues and trying to help people.
Good for you Senator Sanders , you always stood and still stand for your Democratic , fair and righteous believes .
And free unicorns that poop money!!!!!!!
Ol' tax n spend sanders!
Sir!why do yu insist on confusing the yungAmericans.Yur socialist!One dy these yung Americans will be successful 1%;then they will hate yu.
You are a liar and a third and you want socialist tax rates, you're not fooling people with your lies
Taxes are paid by big companies and paycheck employees. America is now a country of dishonest small businesses pay no taxes on hidden income
https://townhall.com/tipsheet/guybenson/2017/10/18/single-payer-nhs-va-n2396576?amp=true …
Keep it up !  I hope many of your colleagues are listening to and agreeing with you. CC:  @realDonaldTrump,@WhiteHouse,@SenateGOP,@SenateDs
Senator you're surrounded with people who sold themselves to the highest bidders & that wasnt the people. It was corporations.
I wonder if the $600,000.00 payoff to get out of the election bothers you at all?
Go Bernie, go!

@TheDemocrats @GOP
He made over 1 million and paid 13% income tax; however he feels the rest of us should pay 90%.
Let's hope Bernie pays his taxes without taking so many deductions. Pay up like a real American. Typical liberal all talk no action.
@HuffPost @politico Did he happen to offer solutions to the debt and deficit?
And I pray everyday for impeachment!!!#25thamendment!!!!!
Tell it like it should be Bernie!!!
Needs to be cut more. A lot more. If you had your way, you would double everything including taxes for everyone.
Somebody keep count haw many times for he say "FREE ?
BERNIE2020
Yes!
americans r fair n just, the rich take most risks, pay more taxes, n a fair tax reform should include them too. their fair tax cut means more jobs. obamacare is massive spending welfare program we cant afford. medicare n medicaid-dollars should not be used for obamacare.
2nd Caliph Omer bin Khitab(RA) has stated that if a dog is thirty near the bank of Euphrates river in Iraq, i will b responsible

Bernie, you rock!
And free Depends for all!!! Dilly dilly
And a free puppy for every child in the United States no matter if the parents want to feed and take care of it for life or not!
Free stuff for everyone, right?
#TaxTrump
More communist rhetoric by Bernie for http://Bernie.com 
Anyone see the irony of a socialist’s belief when it affects them?
your relevance died with your failed campaign
Who pays beanie you I’m tired of paying for other people’s stuff
What about an insulting repeal of the inheritance tax?
Inheritance tax elimination is the poster child for Republicans rewarding their donors.
Yep, sure is. While killing state tax deduct and mtg deductions, it’s sickening. I am moderate to conservative fiscally but...awful plan.
I just watched you on the floor fighting for the American people; thank you so much!!!! #NoTaxBreaksForTheWealthy
State shud not abdicate its role. What is a govt for if cannot fulfil basic needs of its people? it has to ensure services to poors
We need to cut all socialist programs and taxes. No more freeloaders. No more crapping on Americans. No more socialism. No more of you!
And bankrupt the country 
Aging population fueling #AlzheimersTsunami; without Medicaid funding, expensive long-term care facilities will bankrupt many families.
No free healthcare for you.

You know who wouldn’t be implementing these diasterous ideas? HRC. Do you regret watching your team sabotage?
Bern, any comment on your experience writing violent female rape fantasies as a young man? No? Don’t want to be ‘Weinsteined’ at this time?

Bernie Sanders is a lying POS that needs to be in a retirement home, rather than in Congress.
He wants to steal from orphans.
SENATOR SANDERS I KNOW YOU HAVE WISDOM BEYOND ME! YOU AS I KNOW! THIS WILL LEAD TO MANY PROTESTS ;AND MUCH SUFFERING!
Eh great but what about A DIFFERENT POTUS?
We don't need a different POTUS. We need a different Congress.
Before I retired early a couple years ago, my family of 4 was in the top 2% percent. We live in an very nice house in one of the most expensive parts of the country, and have fully funded college funds and an inheritance for our boys. No need for tax breaks for the top 2%.
Wow. You went 3rd person. Very impressive.
Hey, You forgot  his other imperative : " everyone's required to join the Communist party "
Doctors abuse medicare!  Billing is out of control.  Do we really need more podiatrists?
You have no idea what you are talking about.  Do you enjoy spending astronomical amount of money in health insurance premiums?
Yep, same ol’ @DNC. Higher taxes, bigger government, smaller middle class, greater nat’l debt & globalist priorities. #ABettetDeal my arse!
How about more taxes for the wealthy and tax cuts for the middle class and the poor?
To the lower 50% pay nearly no taxes already.  Hard to give a tax break to someone who pays 0 taxes

You liberals started this "Pay your fair share"
Now the rest of this nation is tired of paying more than our fair share of federal taxes.
How is the investigation with Jane going these days?
Get that man a walker before he falls over. He reminds me of a crazy grandfather. #TermLimits
POT
 Bernie has my back
Thank you Senator
https://townhall.com/tipsheet/guybenson/2017/10/18/single-payer-nhs-va-n2396576?amp=true …
Pay your fair share Fraudster. Damn HYPOCRITE!!
yea but what about incentive like if the poor are taxed less they have no incentive to not be poor so you should tax poor more rich less
Move to Russia, you anti-American socialist
Why common sense is not epidemic, it's to believe that most of the Republicans have developed an immunity against common sense.
how are you gonna reduce the $20T debt? Crickets...
Did Jane find your tax returns?
I take it you think it's OK that Hillary takes millions from Wall Street.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @Heritage. i agree with @SenSanders . if this tax reform does NOT give a fair deal to the people of each of our states
with the endorsement of promoting economic evolution and prosperity. we will not win the vote. like i stated before, working together on ..
this agenda. i cast my name in for U.S. Senator of California. @realDonaldTrump fears the fact that a poor person will be in a position of
power. and, stand next to him as an equal. believe, me mr. president. you are just another person on this planet. no greater or beneath me
now, back to this topic. this HOUSE will make better progress if we work together with the opposite House. we are people.
He’s a bigger Mooch than Moochael O
No Clintons
Bernie thinks all corporations = top 1%, but I have news for him, most corporations are just squeaking by and could use a tax break.
I'm pretty sure the suggested tax breaks would help those companies but would give far more money to the big guys who are already dominating
The big guys dominating already funnel their profits through a different country to avoid our high taxes
HOW CAN WE BELIEVE BERNIE SANDERS WHILE HIS WIFE IS UNDER INVESTIGATION FOR BANK FRAUD.BERNIE SANDERS HAS NO CREDIBILITY
Oh yeah and no Bernie tell you and your so called law makers go on Obamacare.
Can I have one of your houses Bernie? 3 seems an awful lot to have
I sure wonder why no Democrats are standing up and speaking to this, as well. They talk about everything but Medicare!
We have a DICTATOR in the People’s House
