Standing Rock Sioux claim ‘major victory’ in Dakota Access fight http://thkpr.gs/6ff79d3b0ec0  pic.twitter.com/3QRWkF5fb5
Please stop pushing your dangerous rhetoric! You're brainwashing poor Americans into becoming violent attackers!pic.twitter.com/oNJu1nMz7m
Every time you call for 'resistance' or 'revolution' you're planting the seeds for violence and discourse in this country! Please stop!
The alt-left cultish following of Bernie is becoming a dangerous problem in America! Please stop your followers from becoming violent!
Like this guy?pic.twitter.com/gRyILzr1He
He was stating a fact. That's exactly why we have a 2A. This has been stated throughout US history by many government officials...
Not once. Not one single time has Bernie condoned or incited violence, he's only spoken out against it for decades. That's a fact.
Bernie is an admitted socialist. Socialism is the political embodiment of plunder.
Link even one example of Bernie condoning violence. Just one. Then compare to Trump.
This pipeline doesn't go through the Native American sovereignty and provides jobs to Americans! Where's your sense of patriotism!
Where's yours? Native Americans were Americans first, you should be an ally to the longest standing patriots
Ah yes moral relativity! Because somebody did something to somebody so it makes a logical reasoning mute because they got their ass beat.
Yes, called humanity. Did you hear how you just talked about attempted genocide like it was an accomplishment?
Doesn't change the validity of my argument or the fact it happened. I have Deep connections to MY indian heritage, doesn't change facts.
Well whether you agree with it or not, treaties have been signed that require the US govt respect treaties and laws signed with NA's
The Treaties have NOTHING to do with the pipeline. Pipelines are completely out of native land, where is the line drawn if not at a border?
Reservations are part of treaties and many pipelines go through reserve land. Again you're not factual.
And you should have not screwed @HillaryClinton in 2016 ... none of this would be happening. open the door and let yourself out of D Party
How the hell did he screw over Hillary? He endorsed her and campaigned for her.
really? He basically said it's up to her to get his supporters...he bashed her every step of the way how was he suppose to fix the nasty?
Well, is it not true that it was up to Hillary to inspire his supporters to vote for her?
There is no passing the blame when you take no interest on the devastating affect of Trump. So look in the mirror if you want to blame
You were the one blaming Sanders for Hillary's loss (which is preposterous).
At the @DNC should have stringent rules in the future about this asinine behavior.
True.
AGREED!! Thought they had in the bag, You know the saying, "Don't count your chickens before they hatch...
Yes, Senator. Enough of Russia already. The average American doesn't care about Russia. They care about their rights being violated.
Instead of being a crybaby all the time why don't you come up with an original idea that makes sense for energy
When are you going to introduce legislation banning all political donations?
Battle's not over? The party you're the Outreach Coordinator for is pretending the battle never existed. Cut the cord sir, they are unworthy
over ,done,spent
Are you suggesting they "take their anger out on the right people" also? Just like the #VirginiaShooting #BernieViolence has to stop now
@ShwahKram you do know the Klan was the militant faction of the @TheDemocrats party, right? Bush did help create ISIS though. As did #obama
@ShwahKram nazis are called right-wing now but we're socialist. ISIS is religious not political. The KKK does vote GOP mostly. #antifa ?
>we're socialist< Poor punctuation aside, our two main allies in WWII (the United Kingdom and the Soviet Union) were both also socialist.
Svært skuffet over deg Niklas, støtter du virkelig denne idioten? SOSIALIST!!!! hehe jæfihø
Are they going to shoot people like your BOTS DO???
We should stop people like you from trampling all over Christians.
We need to keep coal and oil in the ground.
And never fulfill this countries energy needs and destroy countless jobs? No thanks.
1) Do you realize how much oil we have in reserves? How much oil is producers offshore? We do not need more pipelines. We need to repair

Which is....ta da already leaking! #NoDAPL #WaterIsLife
ONLY Green Party brains can save us from us otherwise Repubs & Democruds will continue to fly endlessly into the light history repeats
Amen
You don't care about Native American sovereignty. You just want to keep the hate going
Make YOUR money sing #WaterIsLife http://www.defunddapl.org  help take out a pipeline because crude oil is a dead end investment.
ITS NOT DANGEROUS
I am sick of all the constant "white people are evil bullshit" , it is time for this to STOP ... I AM NOT FUCKING PRIVILEGED !!!!!!!!
The "white guilt" has been PAID IN FULL towards Native Americans , time for them to join the 21st Century like all white people have to do
white people are no more guilty of anything than everyone else is guilty of , and i am SICK of all this white people bashing bullshit
Mexico and Cherokee Indians were at war for Texas "winner take all" before white people ever arrived . So WHY do WE get all the guilty blame
Cherokee Indians were at WAR with Mexico before white settlers arrived .. WHY are whites always accused of "stealing land" ?? THEY DID IT 2
WHY do they have "sovereignty" ?? Am Indians WARRED with each other "winner take all" long before Europeans Got here , WHY are we "guilty" ?
Doesn't "sovereignty" mean they have authority over THEIR land? Pipeline isn't on their land. Didn't know sovereignty came w buffer zone.
Natives are not only advocating clean water for themselves but for all. You're right, the fight is not over.
You guys need to do some research before you spout your BS
Hum
why dont you use some of the money you drained out of @Greenpeace to help
Why did you sell out? Come out of the dark side. I am Cuban, Socialism is terrible, you can do so much good.
The pipeline is not on Indian land
it's all Native land.
Yeah. Bernie. Go fly your private jet
huh? Lol
GO AWAY @SenSanders ! Go the f$ck AWAY!
Why not? We interfere and trample on other countries, so what's the difference? We are bullies in the world and our government is so honest
Move to Venezuela you demented POS!!
Hey Bernie how about u all discontinue trampling allover r President & the Folks that respect him? How about if u stop using scare tactics?
Stop using the word "fight" and inciting violence. There are better choices like " struggle"or "protest " Bernie wants everyone to fight !
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/292147062184?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649 …
Oh wait, the #NODAPL people polluted and destroyed a natural habitat and threatened wild life. What about that hypocrisy?
Thank u for Bernie Sanders because you speak for natives because you know better than natives because you know what is important and we dont
Bernie, this is not about native rights. Simply because a piece of land is native should give them no.more OR LESS rights
why dont they have rights over their lands...

So #true so true. #Trump wants it to go forward. He just doesn't #care.
Maybe they can leave another million pounds of garbage and feces like they did last time. What ya think Mr 1%?
Nonesense, the man leading the charge is out for money and pwer..even the other tribes settled..
Whiter than white Bernie bought a new property on the land that belonged to my Abenaki ancestors. But he CARES sooo much for our rights.
Bernie, why don't you turn over your Grande Isle property to it's rightful owners, the Abenaki tribe??? Yea, thought so.
Lets discuss jobs in the US instead of this false narrative.
JC is there nothing you dont bitch about. As always you have no plan and no solutions. The DO NOTHING senator!!!
Bernie had no intentions of being our President...only to become a millionaire, and soon to be a multi millionaire, if not already.
It seems to me like Bernie is the only politician who actually cares about Native American problems. We need more like him.
Tell them they can build another casino they will forget about the pipeline.
Putting a pipeline underground tramples nothing.
It's a joke for you to talk about sovereignty your terrorist inspiring, senile fool
What about the sovereignty of the US that you voted against when u voted no on the #Russia sanctions bill Ur in bed w/#RussiaTrump
Good
@TulsiPress @TulsiGabbard
Their is nothing dangerous about this pipe line and you should get the facts before making such statements.
Keep fighting this! Great news from the court!
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_pipeline_accidents_in_the_United_States_in_the_21st_century …
Hmmm maybe if you had not bent over and taken it from the @DNC and @HillaryClinton you would have won you chump.
I wish. Corporatized America tramples on everything and everyone.
Quit trying to one up somebody in virtue signal Bernie you're a piece of work
What about American sovereignty? You don't seem to give a s*#t about that
https://twitter.com/RodneyRhodan/status/875446425659756544 …
#OBSTRUCTIVETRUMP: Stop blaming Hillary for your obstruction charge. Your misconduct in office is the reason. Your voter buys the bullshit. pic.twitter.com/RzwdKAtwNt
About time let Native Americans shine
I personally would rather have the temperature go up a few degrees than a nuclear catstrophy either by accident or deliberately by terroris.
And a day later, @BernieSanders berniesupports violence.. #ivorytowerelitistcoward
I hope you like nuclear power because that's what's going to replace fossil when the reality of Green Energy not meeting demands is exposed.
Thank you Mr Sanders
Will you pledge to run for president? #Bernie 2020
Native Americans should know that the majority of Americans are with them and will stand with them against these illegal and unjust laws.
In 2017 "We" are trampling on every original peoples.. And have been for about 500 years
Yeah it is Bernie....and you are too.
Canada and America continue to trample on Indian rights, land, and future generations. They have for hundreds of years.
So you like this, but American sovereignty from shitty international law is bad?
I tell u what there ol Berns I'll give up the pipeline when the natives give up those casinos.
I mean hell ya gotta have fuel to drive to them casinos..
Lol
I stand with the Rock!
Seems playing, "Cowboys and Liberals" are in the near future...
Rail is dangerous what's your take on that? I guess you prefer the pollution trains create. Typical hypocrite
YOU have my VOTE
Mqmmjjkiooo9000
dangerous pipeline hahahahaha little do u know moron
Maybe it's time to focus on optimism and build a legacy on leading people into goodwill and the ability to work together @SenSanders
Bernie is for Native American sovereignty but not Palestinian sovereignty
Big floppy wieners.
Be careful Bernie! You don't want your supporters going postal ! Once is more than enough
Just send your boys in
Another liberal making a decision based solely on feelings. Will be swiftly overturned. Liberalism = Terrorism
STOP THE HATE STOP LEFTIST VIOLENCE
What Bernie Sanders did after Giffords 2011 shooting is coming back to haunt him – TheBlazehttps://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/06/14/what-bernie-sanders-did-after-giffords-2011-shooting-is-coming-back-to-haunt-him/ …
Lol. That is all.
Hey Bernie,hows the family?Keep fighting the good fight!!!Keep fighting the good fight!!I gave UP!NUKE US!!!dora
I disagree with most of your policies but I totally agree with your vote on Russian sanctions.
@thinkprogress Feel the Bern!
You don't care about the natives. You are using them for your agenda.
You just can't stop can you?
Major victory but it's still being built
Thank you for putting this issue front and center amid all of the Trump Admin chaos and scandal
There should be no pipeline across reservation property. But if it's not reservation property that's not an issue
Thank you for your good work Bernie!
The only thing that would make it dangerous is if left wing nuts try to sabotage it.Maybe you can get a construction worker shot next Bernie
Your buddy she tried exploit them to get elected. Now you want to be for the cause where you been last decade
Don't just tell us there's a problem. We know. We need Dem leaders to organize us. Tell us how to fix the problems. How to help. What to do.
You realize this is the reason people were shot yesterday, right? Saying how everything is "dangerous" is causing people to freak out.
Trump says radical Muslims are dangerous and people in a mosque got shot so we putting all the blame on Trump now?
Yes it is.
One of you staffers going to open fire on those for the pipeline?
U have been remiss in calling 4 support behind lawfully elected President. U, Hillary & Obama R silent assassins, allowing this to fester!
Funny how one of your biggest supporters just attacked Republicans. Please stop brainwashing people. The blood is on your hands!
Half of the natives want the pipeline, why are you only putting one side of the story out you fraud
This pipeline will allow us much more oil, and give thousands of people jobs. This certainly outweighs some Native Americans.
This greedy Burnie sounds and looks like a Russian bot to me.
Too politicized on the pipelines..we need to be more independent..but..if these new pipelines in..will MY gas cost go down? Its $3 now!!
Why don't you just take the day off, fuckknuckle. You've already done enough damage to America this week.
Haven't you incited enough violence and death??
Native? They came here over the Bering Straight land bridge and for 5-10k yrs lived in huts, no advances. The defeated are never soverign.
Mike, I think Sanders would like nothing better then all of us to go back living in huts
No kidding there Steven. His ideas are un-American.
Good news for my friends in SD Thank you Sen
That is it spew more hate. That's all you do
Somebody needs to check into how many pipeline leaks there were last year in the United States. Probably more than we care to hear about.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_pipeline_accidents_in_the_United_States_in_the_21st_century …
Thank you Karyn I appreciate the information. It also confirms a suspicion I've had for a long time, leaks that are not covered very much.
How much land and oceans do we have to permanently destroy before people get it you'd think after the BP spill things would change
Nor should our gov't be involved with rigging elections #BernieWon
thanks for being a champion of the people... @SenSanderspic.twitter.com/dCwcpxNxit
Congrats again come join the party! "VOTE"! @SenSanderspic.twitter.com/QFN4rCQHK8
Bernie, your choice of words proves you didn't learn a thing from yesterday. U just erased ur "apology". 1 of ur ppl took ur words & fought
WE are sickened by this despicable act. Let us be as clear as we can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society. @SenSanderspic.twitter.com/qi1yWaOIt6
we have not raped the true Americans enough let's take way more from them break more treaties we are such an honorable country
Have you mentioned that to @SenWarren
Yes, yes it is!
BERNIE Sanders you entice hate to fight for your supporters you should move to Venezuela its socializim
Stop preaching hate. Another one of your mentally deranged followers might kill more people.
Stop pandering. The pipeline will hurt ZERO native Americans n run under a lake w/ other pipelines already safely in place. Not on NA land.
None where Dakota is going. Accidents happen. With Govt out of the way it keeps getting safer and cleaner.
There's literally 8 other pipelines currently running safely under Lake Oahe. Where the "Dakota" pipeline WILL go. Do you try? Guess not...
Move on Bernie, move on...

In the year 2017, you should not trample on "we the people's" rights. We elected POTUS, now show that you acually care about Democracy.
Stop talking about fighting! You still don't get it! #neverlearn
Did these environmentalist protestors remember to pick up their trash this time or is it do what I say not what I do again??
Just blocked Greedy Bernie, a misguided, whiner, someone who could become militarized. Very sad, shameful, how reckless of him.
So, Bernie. How about using the word oppose instead of fight? Our words can be seen as weapons if we're not careful. Just saying...
#Berniefor2020
I love you bernie you the man #ifeelthebern
No more "trump favored oil" in Native American sovereignty.Windmills instead w/ jobs,no oil!,no oil!Find ur $$ elsewhere trump!!
But Bernie, how is it not over ? When they already began construction?
The Indians agreed to the pipeline; before it was built. You know the process better than anyone.
He can't even wait a day to begin more rhetoric that incites division - pipeline would only help them as well as others by providing jobs
You don't give a shit about sovereignty. It just happens to be an argument that helps your case for something else. #fakeoutrage
Dude where's your Tax Returns, your 2014 summary show you're still making money from profiting from dumping toxic waste in Latino Towns.
Amen @SenSanders , we will think progress, the pipeline can and should into a different Direction, not through us American Indians water
#TrumpRussia Bernie, what are your ties to Russia? SHOW US YOUR LONG FORM TAX RETURNS. What are you hiding? @MrDane1982
Why don't you just up and move to Venezuela?
Inciting fighting words again Bernie haven't you learned your lesson yet? Your history sellout Bernie along with ur college fund fraud wife
pic.twitter.com/bfx0h2wSwc
it's over old man! stop shaking your boney fingered at it!
Respectfully disagree. I believe energy independence, job opportunities, safer conditions due to pipeline outweigh the ? NA sovereignty
