How can our Congress allow big pharma's lobbyists dictate to them about prices 4 drugs 4 USA PPL. This is egregious.
Why?They allow stockholders of the very same companies(&others)2poison us:look up who brought saccharin to the gov't/FDA& got it approved
Saccharin had been removed frm the danger list.it was a false study that got it placed on the list.Pigs wre forced fed the stuff by the gals
It was proven a carcinogen when tested on mice.
?
@SenSanders even a broken clock is wrong twice a day but you can even meet that standard
@karan_sproul @usnews @SenSanders I would gladly pay more in taxes to have free healthcare  etc, time to cut back on military funding!
Maybe if we would start charging to be the world's "guard dog", we'd take care of that- but ONLY under another administration could that be
Translation:  No company should ever make money.  Only politicians should.
No, Michael Hermans,PEOPLE should make $$, &be paid a decent wage; corps&companies are not ppl-they're upheld BY their employees!!
I think you missed my point.
There's no$$in well-being/being well.They poison us w/Monsanto&conflicts of interest on every board,then refuse drugs4chronic pain(OHIO!)
@gdmrnglry While it sounds like a good idea, really it only adds fuel to the unstoppable fire .
Start a company that produces the drugs people need at a lower price. Yes, it's as simple as that.
And where would THAT funding come from?Unfortunately, they'd shut it down as quick as the big 3 squashed electric cars & Saturn vehicles.
Electric cars were squashed down by the inaneness of electric cars.
Really? Have you watched the documentaries... wonder if that's what Tesla auto believes...
If it weren't for governenment, Tesla's fossil fuel cars wouldn't exist...
Making a profit necessarily means making a product people want and by a company people like.  A "profit" only focused company can't exist.
Bernie, you talk the realist shit man
Even as a foreigner with English as 3rd language I know that the proper expression is "couldn't care less" *facepalm*
https://xkcd.com/1576/ 
Lmao. 
And...
Don't they France as an example. Our politicians have, for decades, slaughtered our healthcare system, trying to privatize it. And it sucks
*take not they of course
Your description of Big Pharma sounds like the Congress.
His only goal is socialism
It seems like so much demagoguery. You are very similar to Trump in that regard.
Just like your cohort in California you're just now coming to that conclusion
Then why is his Medicare For All bill so full of loopholes?
Sounds just like Trump!  Are they related?
We need 2 find out all Senate & House membrs that hve takn $ frm big pharma or SuperPacs 2 allw drug $ 2 stay so high.greed not free economy
Absolutely true. When we can get meds frm Canada 3/4 cheaper thn here, but ACA not allowed 2 negotiate prices for USA, big Pharma is 2 blame
That is our Congress and senate to blame
Impeach trump/pence, recall mcconnell/Ryan, plus vote out the rest of the GOP in Congress who support pres/vpres
...they COULDN'T care less! It's important to get this right esp in this context.
Im a dual citizen of both the USA and Portugal, and so i have health insurance in both . Geting care in Portugal was easier and cheaper.
We're sick of your greed, Bernie! How much do you get paid by George Soros? Did he buy your 3 homes?
I look forward to @TheDemocrats in #congress doing something about this. /snicker
I am sure this comes as no surprise.   Look at CEO salaries for reasons why.   Shame on big pharm
Your sickness is very selective. Are you not sick of Big Food/Financial/Insurance/Any_Other_Industry's greed YET? Then do, it's about time



Yeah, well America's sick of you and your lies.
That has become the problem with capitalism in every sector. Gov't is supposed to regulate and lessen the harshness. Our system failing us.
Let me explain how I'm sick of liberals and democrats!
O o.   O.     O o. O o.  O o. O.   O.             O 6666   O
BP Med Price Canada Vs USA https://youtu.be/x-G8jhVXaAc  via @YouTube
Make pharmaceutical companies pay fair share
Mark up medicine and equipment thousands of percert pay for the Wall Harvy War in Afghanistan
@senrobportman here you go!  Can't blame ACA on this one.  I'd say you need to look inward here.  Please respond!!!
I recommend he boycott all their products for the rest of his ignorant life.
In the rest of the world, they call it BRIBERY; Only in the US is it known as LOBBYING.
And for the blue collar people it's called racketeering
No doubt in my mind! $36k+ for 7 doses of Cosentyx?!  Utter ridiculousness. Or, just have debilitating pain all the time
Bernie Liberal Losing Hypocrite weren't you sick of them when Obama your buddy was in office. What were you doing then? Buying houses
Hmm, demonstrating independence from Big Grammarian too, I see
You're kidding me, right? Why are you talking about big pharma? Houston is underwater. The election isn't until 2020! Calm down.
Blah blah blah.   You lost.   Stop already trying to divide.  America needs leaders not whiners
Agreed !
So what?
When I read the headline, I thought it was going to be about the family in the White House.
Yet politicians take campaign donations from Big Pharm & Insurance. Vote down lower prices! The problem is YOU
When will the #VATOBI (voters against their own best interests) realize that corporations are NOT people!
I don't like VATOBI. Being against your own interests isn't necessarily bad. It's like saying a rich person voting for higher taxes is bad.
Speaking of greed Bernie, how's that $10 million bank ripoff coming !
Ya think?  That's the goal of all private institutions. Hello!  REAGANOMICS is a CANCER
Couldn't
i never want to hear his gd name again. jfc.
When I first read this, I honestly thought it was referring to the Trump's
My guess is if Bernie had 10 houses he be okay with it.
It's hard to fight for America with only 3 houses
He has nerve talking about greed with what is wife is accused of
The BIG story was "#PharmaBro,” but really the #pharmaceuticals industry's equally disturbing. They’d rather cure impotence than cancer.
Let's just get rid of big pharma all together so we can all die together #socialism
Lol could.
People have been screaming that pharmaceuticals require price controls for a loooong time.
Well that's a good thing isn't it?
I take a medicine---$124/month in Canada, $1991/month in US.  Sick
Not as mi h as their advertising of it does
yet he doesnt call out corey booker for taking 300k to squash a bill allowing import of cheaper drugs
If the #feminist agenda had NOT screwed him, @SenSanders would be President.

Hope #RussiaGate proves it also!
doctors no saints either -- mine got pissed off when i wouldn't take script for "preventive" drug -- found out later, VACATION bonus credits
POS
so true, so true
*couldn't
did you really say "could"? it's couldn't lmao

#BERNIE2020
If ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people of the #USSArizona to the WH today!
