Not all employers offer healthcare or only to full time employees and then they make sure that their employees don't get full time.
Which in turn is paid for by the rest of us and it costs more for care at the community hospital then having individual healthcare.
You've got a circular argument here. Get a job so you can have healthcare. But it's ok for companies to not offer healthcare to their worker
having faith in this belief is ignorant. not everyone can have the 3 jobs you outlined. are your neighbors lives less important than yours?
Canada and most of the rest of the world have got it figured out.
Why are americans trying to re-invent the wheel?
Uh, Conyers introduces that bill all the time....in the House....Uh, Bernie is in the Senate. Know the difference?
Sure.  And neither have had a chance in hell of passing in over 20 years.  Sad.
They've both been pushing healthcare as a right for as far back as I can remember. And isn't Conyers just ripping it off from socialism?
Conyers has brought it up since 2003, but now with Bernie, has improved it. Bernie has always been for it. We have to push on this.
Conyers? You realize universal health care has been on the agenda for DECADES. How exactly has Sanders improved anything? Details, please.
Bernie got the sponsors for Medicare for all that nobody else could. Try reading......
We are all anxiously waiting!!
I sure am not. Get out of your mom's basement, get a job, and contribute to society.

I'd like to know what the heck is happening in our government that throwing people off of Medicaid was even an idea! They are Monsters!
The is not up for debate! Medicare for all or nothing at all.
No one but health insurers is throwing people off coverage because Obamacare is a failing mess. It's either a new GOP plan or nothing!
Bernie why don't U talk 2 Americans
about the Gov Run UK Healthcare System
Death Panels,Wait Times & Poor Care
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/03/world/europe/uk-trump-pope-francis-charlie-gard.html … … … …
Bernie why did they block the vote in Ca? Help U.S. they're trying to kill U.S. and getting away with it. #crimesagainsthumanity
This is our right.
The 2nd Amendment gives us the Right to bear arms. When will the government start buying my guns & ammo if U expect them to pay for rights?
Join the armed services. I don't think you have to supply your own fire arm and ammo. That's what is meant by "militia"
I already served. But, why do Liberals think society should pay for "rights" they agree with but not Rights specified in our Founding Docs?
Are you sure. The DNC might not like that, and you know what happens then. And then can we count on you to fold like a cheap suit?
#KillTheBill

Thanks for talking about MEDICARE FOR ALL. You are the best Bernie. Wish you were president. YOU GET IT!!!
@ClemensRobin
How do you expect to pay for this? You are out of your mind, it will bankrupt this country! As a nurse, I won't work in socialized medicine.
AMEN, @SenSanders !! An ex-Yank turned Aussie, our govt-funded universal health care=#1 reason I'm still here: 23yrs fm '1yr work xfer!'
How do you compare a nation of 320m to Australia?
UNFAVOURABLY, & I've voted,w/my feet!
…22mn, newly UNinsured? Close to TOTAL Aus  pop of 24mn!
we really need medicaid for all... get rid of medicare... Create a state governed universal health care system.
#TrustFundforMedicalAsstanceAct saving the American people and creating a state governed Universal healthcare system. FREE TO ALL
US has $200 Trillion fiscal gap. What are your plans to save the county from bankruptcy other than adding a new unfunded entitlement?
That $0.7 Trillion/year. That would take 285 years to pay off gap. Nowhere near enough.
Stop letting corporations get away w/out paying taxes & if profits high, tax at 30%. No loopholes. That should do it.
It won't. You could confiscate the whole US GDP of $18 Trillion, it would still take a decade to pay off liabilities.
Do you believe that since this problem can't be solved immediately, that all progress-oriented options should be dismissed out of hand?
We should live within our means and not stick unborn children with the bill. It's called a balanced budget. Stop printing money as well.
It would be a refreshing change if you ACTUALLY did something for a change. Thus far you are the most unaccomplished famous senator ever!
Don't wait take to the Senate Floor and  filibuster until it is debated
What about planet X
Please recognize if you want Single Payer you will have to talk to President Trump.  The Democrats will never allow it.
Please my god.  Just keep giving to people that are lazy and don't want to work.  Give the@ your stolen money Bernie. @SenSanders @RandPaul
Why are hospitals for profit, a 10 minute office visit over 200, 1000's for surgery,  8 million for drugs.  There's the real problem
We need is for controls on reseach, drugs, and lawsuits.  If universal healthcare is issue, why do we need insurance, use sliding scale
Can you recommend funding healthcare with a public or national bank, so it doesn't cost taxpayers unnecessary compounding interest?
Single payer: sacrifice quality, availability &  innovation for mirage of price control. With single payer there is no real price discovery.
They call ss an entitlement.  Yeah, I'm entitled to the money I put in. Not you!
All the old people who voted republican are just going to love it
I absolutely agree. Wait until they start screwing with Medicare and social security
And putting the feds in charge of healthcare is a great idea? Just look at the VA and how it treats vets. You're #delusional.
Barack threw 27 million off
Thank you Bernie. We love you
Sen the figure would be 51M without health care. That is the figure that has to be hammered into the GOP and their constituents. @MMFlint
Americans are counting on you & other progressive Dems to help us. The GOP is bought & paid for against us!
Only for those who have worked and contributed money for 65 years
We are not at all interested in your 'free healthcare for all" bull crap. Get over yourself
Liberals democrats applied 6 or 8 standard smears to republicans and conservatives which in this country are the target population
Also embedded in your debate methods are propaganda techniques and concepts . Which are the application of the inhumane cruelty smear
83 insurance companies bailed out of Obama care , that's a reflection of an underlying truth that Obama Care is dysfunctional
Your concept or debate stance is not an accurate or true reflection of Obama's flawed 2000 page health care
WHY WAIT? Introduce Medicare for all now- shift the debate.
PS ITS GOOD TO SEE ALL THE NEOLIBERAL TROLLS COMING OUT OF THE WOOD WORK OF THEIR SWAMPS AND CESSPOOLS.

#ASTROTURF
#FAKENEWSBOTS
Hey, Bern, I'll be in Metairie protesting at Senator Cassidy's office on N. Causeway Blvd! 

Care to join me?

#MedicareForAll
If you're not in jail
What are you doing to fix a failed democrat system besides tax us more
How many people did you throw off education and how many houses and money did you steal we all know your net worth you are not average
Not me.
Sadly it may be the only way for the 35%To see cuts mean their cuts  to them personally. And they don't get tax cuts they pay for them ..
Right ON. Universal coverage is the solution. Then the overall cost of healthcare may be contained
Stop talking and find 22 million people real jobs with healthcare.
We more interested in read your resignation you two faced lying communist....
 If @TheDemocrats retake Senate & House in 2018, @realDonaldTrump could sign @BernieSanders future bill… 
We do not need to throw 22 million off health insurance. We need Medicare-for-all, and I will introduce that as soon as this debate is over.
I've seen how #Government run #Healthcare has harmed our #Veterans. No thank you.

#SocialismKills
Repubs get an Orgasm Thinking of Cutting Resources from the Least fortunate of Us All... Simply, They either don't get it or don't care!
Wait WHAT!! You are waiting until the greater healthcare debate is OVER!!?? That is literally the same as saying "when sun sets in East"
Keep talking about health care Bernie, you need to deflect attention from the fraud investigation of your wife as well as your involvement
Get a clue BernThe 22 million would be GETTING OFF the overpriced OCare ship they've been forced to ride on!
Why wait? Introduce now.

thanks Bernie Sanders u can do it
No you won't.
Who is going to pay for this? I wish everybody had access to affordable health care. People need better paid jobs, and a healthy economy!
@SenSanders is 7 Minute Abs guy.  8 Minute Abs didn't work but people still bought it so they'll definitely buy 7 minute abs.  #backbenchSen
And you need to stop getting 10 million dollar loans and buying houses while  closing colleges, 'free college guy'.  Get lost jerk.
Sounds like 'single payer'.  You life-long political fucks couldnt even make that work in the VA.
Don't believe you'll introduce anything that will jeopardize healtcare profits.
Please do this Sir
Yes!!
"just say no to socialism"
And who is going to pay for that, you, I think not, u wand the hard working Americans to pay for lazy people who don't work, socialism ..no
I agree Bernie! Sick of the wealthy being the healthy!
We need affordable medical costs. Prices went up in the 1970's because of medical malpractice. There's no oversight by AMA.
You didn't try that before you won't now only idiots would believe you.
not with my money fool
The Communist has spoken folks. Free healthcare for all on this day Americans celebtrate our independence from tyranny
Medicare has nothing to do with healthcare
God bless you this nation needs  you I voted for you in the primary you will always and forever have my support
Who's paying for you?
Universal healthcare should apply to everyone ... Especially the politicans that voted for it. You should have what we have ...
What debate??
With all due respect, what does "as soon as this debate is over" mean? It will never be over.Do you mean after the vote on the current bill?
vets die waiting in VAs but you fools cry for single payer. Expand a broken system and watch more die.
still not throwing them off. Just ending their free ride.
How about you introduce it now, as an alternative? Does it address medical costs? Or does it just increase taxes?
They already know what you propose. It's why they won't let you into the meetings. The only way they'll listen is through OUR votes & voices
Medicare for all! Stop greedy insurance profiteers from making life and death decisions about people's lives based on their profit margins.
Your Right
So your wife tried to evict disabled people from a home? Care to comment Senator Hypocrite?
Is that before or after you're done being investigated?
We only need MAJOR MEDICAL for all. That is where we start. Give it a few decades to work then move to total healthcare coverage. Slowdown.
You wouldn't know. You don't work for a living. Give up what you stole!
Hippocrates Wins!--Science-Evidenced based Medicine. Put Hippocrates
in charge not Pharma--Doctors Oath-therefore Medicare4All=50% cheaper
How are you going to pay for it ?
Why wait Bernie get it out their, quit wasting time
@SenSanders Please Point out: the debate is over health INSURANCE not care. Who should pay! Care & Ins. get confused-Please help clarify
Maybe worry about your own problems....& stop with the faux talking point! #BankFraudBernie 
FYI - Trump nor GOP responsible for your fraud!
And your freaking socialist bill will go down in flames!
The reason people cannot afford medical care is because gov has caused inflated value. If no insurance existed, med prices would be lower!
Oh great! I hope you get voted out of office before you do more damage.
DNC will block it to save ACA.. Let Repubs, repeal it, then fight for Conyers' HR 676.with 114 cosponsors.It will easily pass.He's the hero.
Say it Bernie 
It's  DISINGENUOUS  not participate  in a necessary 2 parties OBJECTIVE DIALOGUE in regards of any issue &In particular HEALTH SYSTEM.
you've already threw me off. Y pricing obzamz are out of my fiances
Bernie come back
Bernie you should do it sooner before they pass this Bill American deaththe Republicans won't take responsibility for Americans dying
There is no debate you fraud- SOCIALISM FAILS EVERY TIME IT'S TRIED!
Good plan.  Remember long term services and supports too that are covered by Medicaid and not Medicare.
Introduce a Bill that makes Congress use the healthcare plan they force on Americans. You're not more entitled than anyone else.  #MAGA
Yes to single payer. BUT Medicare needs OOP max. 20% eats up social security check. Have to choose med care OR food, rent. #CripTheVote
You keep saying you will introduce!! (5 months! )and saying we need to fix #obamacare you speak from both side of ur month.
@SenateGOP,@HouseGOP,@SenateDems,@HouseDemocrats, Thank u Senator for having the courage to do the right thing for ALL Americans!
Medicare for all would need some limits. This would still provide a commercial market for supplement and benefit extension policies.
You mean after they throw more than 22M off insurance when they gut Medicaid. I'm sure the R's will be very receptive.
But what about the rest of the american people? We can not leave tens of millions without any access to hospitals. That is plain murder!
Bam!!
Finally, but this tweet of yours is not enough. I will believe it when I see you do it. Work with President Trump on this and be quick!
Medicare for all! The rich don't want everyone to get social health care b/c they believe unless you can afford it, you don't deserve it!
Veterans dying in parking lots waiting for govt healthcare isn't enough for you, you need civilians dying too?
Bernie, we don't need ur opinion, u don't support Dems! A GOP in Dems clothing! Please be quite.
Isn't Medicare-for-all the same thing as single payer government health care?  How's Venezuela doing with that?  I heard they eat pets.
Do it now.  Introduce a companion bill to HR 676 in the Senate.  Stop promoting the failed "Public Option" nonsense.
Just make the 50 State #PublicOption an extension of #Medicare, let folks buy in provide credits 2 cap at 9% of income
Adding many healthy, younger folks will greatly enhance the #Medicare risk pool, lower costs
And since the big insurers already do the admin for #Medicare they'll love a new steady stream of revenue
When a $2 raise to $14/hr takes away a family's insurance and food assistance, is it really a raise? A single mother of two is curious
Thank you senator Sanders!
#Medicaid serves more Americans than anyone else. @VP 's HIP 2.0 is a perfect plan based on income. We need a #PublicOptionNow #FixACAFirst
Your drones demand purity now, purity tomorrow, purity forever.
#MEDICAIDForAll For the love of God, stop calling Medicare a single payer system. #Medicare is an 80/20 provider. #Medicaid only true single
Yes equal healthcare for all. Help us please.
And it will fail in the Congress if God is at all merciful! Seriously, #socialismkills! Canada's treatment wait times up again this year...
Bernie Sanders is the good One!
I love you uncle Bernie
To fix ACA. Repeal racist sexist tanning tax. Tax cosmetic surgery. Allow interstate purchase. Make Congress use ACA. No more free benefits
Medicare for all will be similar to VA care  if you can solve the VA problems great, but generally the gov is terrible at running anything
I probably won't get a reply, but I would rather have Medicaid for all with the benefit of seeing any doctor with Medicare.
Are you paying for it?
Thank you, @SenSanders for keeping the good fight for all Americans! I appreciate your stamina to continue always!
Green is #UniversalHealthcare.  US only country in #OECD world without one.  Even #Russia and #SaudiArabia have it.
A solid healthcare plan will win my vote in the next presidential election.
Mr. Sanders, please go away and please don't be a spoiler, like Ralph Nader, in any election ever again!
Elections are over, I'd let him be in charge of healthcare!
Go Bernie, bring some reason and sense to this important issue
#Green is #UniversalHealthcare.  US only #OECD country without one.  Even #Russia and #SaudiArabia have one.
Wow, politics, over truth?
Why not introduce it now
You mean as soon as your parole has ended.
Last time I checked wasn't it your wife who tried to throw disabled people out of their half way home
Improved and expanded Medicare for all!!!!!
Go Bernie.we need a hero
You misspelled "allow people the right to choose".
I totally agree. Healthcare is a right. Single payer is the way to go.
But I like my insurance
How many Americans were thrown off healthcare because they couldn't "keep their plan" with #obamacare?
Socialized medicine is collapsing everywhere else including England and Japan.
You sir, are a broken record...trying to break the rest of us
Sure go ahead Bernie. Turn all medical care into one giant VA program. Tell me what the veterans think about the VA? Sounds good Bernie.
Lmao given how Medicare is losing money every year this will only make the problem worse you corrupt old fool
First Nov 2018....Second Feel The Bern 2020...let's do it!!!
Bernie 2020?
All due respect Bernie, I thought I just saw, 32,000,000 latest from CBO isn't it?
Your tweet an hour prior was that lower the age to 55 for Medicare. Who's ever running your feed needs to be reprimanded or fired.
Well-stated.
Screw socialized medicine!!!!! 
The same 22mil forced on it by having their freedom to choose stripped
Just pay taxes!
What debate? The GOP is dead set on sneaking through without any debates or reviews.
Your wife is going to prison!
Who is going to pay for it? You? I think not.
#25thAmendmentNow
Yes please

Socialized medicine couldn't even pass in California... how are u planing to get it passed???
Is there any possibility you could get w @SenSchumer devise a plan that 50 senators could back?  It looks like there are 4 convertible Reps
Over?
That's a lie and you know it. The only real killer in healthcare is single payer it kills millions waiting for care and you know it Bernie.
You keep saying this. Do it already!
#BankFraudBernie
Bernie Sanders. Please help us. You are the hope we desperately need. #stillBerning
Neither the house or Senate will sober up that soon.
When is that sir ?
Exactly how would medicare for all work how would individual taxes pay for this lots of questions can you start giving the facts on Facebook
For 1 thing, Medicare's admin. costs =12%; insurance co's closer to 20%.
