Let me repeat: Choosing not to purchase health INSURANCE is not having health INSURANCE "ripped" away from you.
Mandatory coverage is what makes covering pre-existing conditions feasible. You're throwing sick people under the bus.
If I crashed my car do you think I could just roll up to state farm and get some car insurance because my car has a "pre existing condition"
Thank you for making my point. We need to have everyone insured before they develop a chronic condition.
Or we can let a free people make that decision for themselves...
And our experience has proven that doesn't work! More medical bankruptcies coming back thanks to folks like you.
Our experiences has shown that that works the best literally every time. Free market capitalism has taken a billion people out of poverty.
P.S. People stuck in minimum wage jobs might disagree with you on that poverty thing. Poverty rate is increasing because wages stagnant.
Saying Rip away is a lie it's opt out
Which throws people with pre-existing conditions under the bus. Guess what - we'll all have pre-existing conditions sooner or later.
This is terrifying, because of pre-existing conditions, how would I afford my meds, etc? I won't be able to get them. I would suffer n die.
That won't happen because if you go broke you qualify for Medicaid or in the case of disability or old age Medicare and Medicaid
No, Medicaid kicks in based on income, not how broke you are from medical bills.
No shit so if you have the income or assets you can pay if not Medicaid pays
But if all your income goes to medical bills...
Then your probably not working, right? It's a straw man. Sick broke people get help if they advocate for themselves.
Let us repeat, the Ocare that you fools forced on us deprived many of any healthcare at all with 7000 to 10000 deductibles =card but no care
Yeah, so you know, we should have universal healthcare. Cheaper with similar outcomes and longer life expectancy.
Never gonna be cheaper that’s simply not http://true.Best  way to help every American is with a healthy economy and edu for jobs.
Except that Healthcare is super expensive in the USA and education is expensive as well. Oh well, free market will...make it worse.
No free market always makes lives better.Throwing at edu has never helped.Strengthen fams with Dads and Moms BOTH raising/helping works
The free market is why we are in the situation we are in. It is also what caused the recession.
No, the politicians sending our bus overseas and investing in cheap costs overseas is our problem.We need competitive rates for bus s here.
Then you should be perfectly fine with a public Option. Having a government plan that allows people to buy into it would be great.
It's called #TrumpNoCare
Donald does NOT care & he's happy to rip healthcare out of the hands of millions of vulnerable Americans.
He's more than Happy he's Determined 2Rip Healthcare from anyone who cannot afford to buy their own. The Oligarchs in have been pushing it
God forbid they get separated from their sweet cash!
Wonder who they will make from when our Salaries continue to be stagnant & we can't afford to purchase their 
I can't fathom their level of either stupidity or just plain evil for these shitty ass plans.  When did they go off the rails so severely?
I honestly think it's just plain evil. Love of money being the root of it.
Absolutely
Don't the lied to Trump working & needy supporters realize they are about to lose healthcare and other benefits to elderly, children etc ?
@Missy50hk1 @SenateGOP  Agree but D's have to focus on saving ACA. Can't turn ACA into Single Payer.
You're not my senator but I will ask of you...IMPEACH that MORON before he totally destroys our country!!!!
Excuse me liarwatha, you mean  millions of illegal aliens & your beloved refu-jihadis. Easy to preach when U have a Cadillac health plan.
Senator many Twitter People are trying to make us believe the Bill won't Pass. What do you say to them? They need to wake up and Speak out
The person that is in the White House right now doesn't care about anyone but his self
God help us
What about the budget, Elizabeth?
Here we go again. American people do not deserve this uncertainty and chaos. This is what a Republican controlled government does. Upheaval.
I automatically do the opposite of whatever you say.
because you cannot think on your own, so you just do the opposite of those you don't understand.
You're talking about yourself now. You let CNN, NYT, etc. think for you. You caan't understand any truths. 

@mommacq @SenWarren Thank you for spreading the word. #Resist
Not much different from the original bill except this time they will probably get it done. Schumer & Pelosi be careful.
Why can't you work together? All those in congress should not be able to voted on our health care if the own stock in pharmaceutical or labs
I am not surprised with the back door methods the GOP are using.  Thank you for continuing to fight for all Americans.
These are my family members that they want to kill with Trump care 
We don't want welfare system so get it right otherwise potus will win 2020
Enough with these goofy twitter tirades! I can't stand them! Resign as senator and let @SenScottBrown take his seat back! #bettyexposes
By the same token (goofy Twitter tirades) you should be asking the president to resign .
Yes because a lunatic liberal like you really wants mike pence to be the president. Let that one sink in...
No, we have a place for him with Trump...
Well the Vice President hasn't done anything illegal, nor has trump, so really, I don't see how they could be incarcerated
Why is this still a conversation? NO ONE except those in the GOP support it, the majority of US Citizens  DO NOT!
Because we don't get a vote on it. But you're right. Talking about it won't help.We need to take action & remind Congress WE employ them.
I think we need to fire some of our poor performing employees!
Some!?! I'm thinking many.
So sick of living in limbo. Will I have health care? Will they take it away? This is no way to live. Our gov is supposed to be 4 the people.
Your health is what you pay for,not what you expect of me[taxpayer]!
Hope it's the millions who voted for him
Bul#%^t and U know it Drain the Swamp
Got to organize the party and get people to vote Elizabeth

Follow SENATOR WARREN ADVICE NO ON THIS WHIC IS tRUMPCARE.      
#KillTheBill
Mr. Moss you are clearly a good man.  I am so sorry for the loss of your son.  I must ask how did you believe #DonaldTrump?  I would like to understand.
this bill takes all money away from planned parenthood?  Talk about unwanted pregnancies, there will be more
Will McCain Murkowski and Collins vote against?
Stay on them Elizabeth,yourour voice.
ACA failed and you lied about it. Stop the hypocrisy.Why u did not fix it? Tax the working pple and give the freebees to pple that don't.
I really Hope not. Hubby is retired military and thankfully we don't have to worry about healthcare. Wish this for everyone
That is the thing, people with great healthcare turn a blind eye to the affect on others that may loose coverage.  Call your reps.
Even if this isn't u it may 1day b your child, grandchild or your 58 yr old parent who's ill & cant wrk. Call Sen offices on Mon till 30th
Thank you, Senator. God bless you and your advocacy on behalf of those of us not swimming in money.
They are the protected class and swimming in money! How can you be so gullible?
Only 10.4 million on Obamacare! Most were people that bought it to keep from paying the fine. Now, practically no one can afford it.
Beware: GOP & Big In$urance will make the case: FUTURE pregnancy is a pre-existing condition since women carry all of their eggs from birth
Fix Obamacare now!
Graham/Cassidy raises rates at any time doesn't cover pre-exist or kids born w issues. Call your Sen it worked b4 thous called it matters 1)
Republicans will come up with a plan giving more Americans less expensive healthcare. To get good health care, we need the private sector.
Stop screaming fire in closed space! This is typical of those wishing to, or have already lit the match and are pouring more gasoline...
At least you've moved on from saying, "People will die!" @reason
Let's leave Obamacare as is and make sure every politician has Obama Care as their own coverage .paid for out of pocket. See all better now
I faxed my senators to vote NO! You can too! Just text RESIST to 50409 and follow instructions!
Welcome to the revolution snowflake!!!!
Thanks for the compliment! Snowflakes are beautiful!! And a blizzard is coming!! I'd rather be a snowflake  than a drip Trump supporter!

LIKE ALL #NAZIS #NAZIGOP DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO WRITE ANYTHING BUT #DEATHBILLS
They hate America
"..these truths to be self evident..ALL created equal" Mr. Graham obviously believes SOME are MORE EQUAL...HIS healthcare is not an issue...
Neither is @SenWarren , since no healthcare law seems to apply to the privileged few in the Senate or House
Why do we have to repeat this? America DOES NOT WANT TO CHANGE THE HEALTHCARE WE HAVE EXCEPT TO IMPROVE IT! Not cut it!
Under Congress' own health care plan, will members face severe increases in premiums for pre-existing conditions? I'd like the GOP to reply.
I know under Obamacare they had what we have, but I heard they changed that asap!
ACA may not be perfect, cuz no one or no one thing is , but it sure didn't condemn millions to die. Take ur head out of the sand.
How can we stop the madness? The majority of Americans want ACA. Tell the #GOP to stop
Nooo the majority of Americans do NOT want Obamacare! It is beyond a disaster! It only "works" for those that don't have to pay for it!
We have paid into insurance all of our life, didn't use it. That money went for others. Now I need it. I now have pre-existing cond.
Known fact that POTUS wants to keep the provision of pre-existing conditions with any "replace" option. And hopefully nix mandate as well!
So while our country is recovering from massive hurricane damage, our brilliant White House is messing with healthcare. Who r these people?
No one I know! 

We get it!  Pay-back will come @ mid-terms & 2020 for GOP.  You might encourage the most egregious offenders to get their CVs updated.
Let me repeat do not conflate ripped out with opt out because it sucks.

Many of the victims of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma have lost everything. The Gop want to take away their Healthcare too.
It's OBAMACARE LITE & we don't want it either! DEMS & RINOs complicit! O-care ripped insurance from millions, Dems PRETEND it didn't. LIARS!
Thank you.  We just got to hope it dies not make it!!!!

Commies
Bullshit.  Most of them will CHOOSE not to buy it and then ppl like me paying 1000 MO can pick their own doctor again.  NOBODY takes my card
http://www.investors.com/politics/commentary/u-s-shouldnt-copy-u-k-s-collapsing-single-payer-health-care-system/ … so this is the solution you are trying to force on us? No thanks Ration Healthcare
Still a lie
The gop won't stop trying to hurt the sick and elderly for out of greed,we can't stop fighting them.
Like Obamacare did! Your just upset liberal socialist will lose their sugar daddy.
You warned us in the summer. You said like a zombie, it would rise again. This is holding US lives hostage-abusive.


You mean the Healthcare that has deductibles so high that you will never use the insurance....that Healthcare?
#GrahamCassidy NO! Don't take away our health care!
Majority Americans DON'T BELIEVE anything you Progressives i.e. "Communist" say!
You call the 30+% deplorables, the majority? You must be a delusioned deplorable!
Please stop them
If Dems weren't so corrupt we could've had single payer when BHO was POTUS but he was corrupt like rest.  can't wait 4 pitchforks 2 come out
No it won't. Don't pretend. People like me are one of those millions insured by Obamacare that was already insured before that

Trump don't care. White men hate the poor and the sick, or anyone who is not wealthy.
Oh puhlease! That is not true and I think you know it. RME!
Yes!
Warren, you didn't care about us when Obama lie to us about "you can keep your plan & you can keep your doctor" knowing that it was a lie.
Pocohantus speaks! Snake with forked tongue?
Tell us how. We need to know.
What about the millions and millions and millions that Obummer care FAILED in epic fashion. Dont lie and say it didnt!!!
Do something beside whine on Twitter. Where is your counter? Is whining a victory of sorts? Ppl will go without, draft a counter!!
People should work for healthcare or do without it. Nothing is free in life. Someone will pay for the other person not paying. That hurts us
#NeverTrumpHillaryism #NeverACAorAHCA #SinglePayerNow 33Million Americans Still Don't Have Health Insurance http://53eig.ht/1Mv4fes  #TheBern
Thank you for your vigilance and dedication. It's so easy to feel so numb, and think no one cares. That you care so much is huge.
I'll take the ACA over Trumpcare any day.
But the fact that those were the only 2 choices is how they've played us. Both help corporations MUCH more than citizens.
This bill must fail.
Show me the millions, where are u getting these numbers
Health insurance with usurious fees will no longer be compulsory? Say it ain't so, Pocahontas. Say it ain't so. 
THEY DON'T CARE! America needs to wake up and take their heads from under their seats. The GOP could care less about the American people.
We know they care nothing for people, but we also know the GOP doesn't have the simplest understanding of economics.
Oh be quiet already
The Portuguese model for drugs would give us enough money to insure everyone.
Then Please Stop Pushing Single Payer. WIN the Midterms. Don't give  Willfully Ignorant Mis-Messaged Right Wing fodder to call "Socialism"
Ask any senior you know if they would like to give up Medicare. Not one I know, including me, would. It works for seniors; it will for all.
I would, it's the worse health care I've had in my lifetime!
Mine's been great. Sorry to hear you've has problems.
Your analysis is flawed
Here's link to contact info/talking pts/script to call senators to oppose #GrahamCassidy http://www.factpower.org/calltoactionhealthcare.html …
You don't care about us. Quit pretending. Leave us alone you sellout. Go back to your lectures on BS. We don't need you. We see through you.
No response from @SenGillibrand so I'll ask you. Who is your health care provider ?
Follow this to counter this terrible bill. Call, call, call!
No!
You "rip" on my nerves.
Cow leading cows. Wake up. Keep voting out Democrats
As opposed to ripping my plan and 70 million others away in 2010, when the Socialists adopted Obamacare? Keep your plan, keep your Doctor 
Thanks for speaking up and keeping it real.
Retweet over and over

How can I can I help your re-election campaign. And please help us with heat assistance?
This sums up the Trump presidency nicely!
So, come up with something better... something realistic... something that won't bankrupt us. #betyoucant
Senator's contact info https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm …
Like ACA did when it passed.
