"The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other peoples' money." - Margaret Thatcher
And the problem with pure capitalism is...well, take a good hard look at our country / world where most get no money at all to run out of.
We live in wealthiest,most successful country on  planet tht gives more & is greatest force for good in the world. Sorry not engh for you
You have no clue
Yeah, I'm sure you can school me. Be my guest. You might get schooled yourself.
My comment was for Dawson.
My mistake, man.
Admirable words from Eisenhower. A 5-star gen’l who was Supreme Commander of the Allied Exped Forces in Europe had seen it all.
Sorry to blow it to you, but without weapons and wars, the U.S. would be nothing in days. The U.S. is a military nation.
No one is suggesting we disband the military entirely. But Ike, top General in WWII, still recognized danger of runaway military spending.
can't be fixed while a majority of voting districts have military contractors hiring people.
A majority of voting districts also have people who need affordable healthcare. We need to find balance.
I totally agree that it's absolutely unheard that so many Americans don't have access to free (or at least affordable) healthcare.
stop subsidizing the insurance industry am prices will rapidly drop. We need les govt, not more
There will never be a profit motive for covering things like "poor kid w/cancer." We need to replace private med insurance industry entirely
Quality of care would drastically fall and we'd bankrupt ourselves with it's costs. Universal healthcare is not an achievable reality.
I literally have that emblazoned on a tee-shirt.
Ridiculous & delusional. W/0 US Military power to create some stability in the world ober the last 50 yrs- world wld disintegrate into chaos
Bravo Ike, but seriously Bernie- speak through Joe Biden or Corey Booker- a lot of us who were and are Hillary supporters, are not listening
You're right and that's how Drumpf got elected. We had 2 corrupt selfish idiots running and stupid got elected. Wake up lady.
Kind of weird coming from the founder of the anti-soviet military state.
Salut @SenSanders merci pour cette publication
@RenaudJulesDesc
@Steviegrieve hey Bernie sell your houses and feed the hungry Live by the standard you talk about
Ike also set up death camps in Germany: Rhine Meadows Death Camps
and how many worldwide threats were we facing other than communism...
Very True So Why The Hell are you Voting 4 an AL-QAEDA-ISIS TERROR WARS BUDGET HYPOCRITE Bar Rep.Tulsi Gabbard The Democratic Party are as Silent as Stones You Could Fund A Universal Healthcare System in America With This Amount of Money you can Create More Jobs
Remembering your support for failed 7-35.
Ike preferred CIA to DOD for defense. Coups d'etat in Guatemala, Iran. Not exactly a Left hero.
Yeah North Korea really needs to cut it out and feed their people. Great message.
USA have the greatest bugdet in army by far. Making more weapons won't stop North Korea's atomic bomb.
So you don't know about mutual assured destruction or MAD? It has kept us safe for decades.
MAD, ironically, is based on the assumption of rational actors.

A category neither KIM or TRUMP fit in to.
Eisenhower is probably the last great Republican
"Who is Gerald Ford/ Ronald Reagan?"
Gerald Ford: Did too little to get reelected

Ronald Reagan: Thanks for arming the mujahideen man. Appreciate it. Totally not gonna backfire
deescalating the Cold War and ensuring the fall of the soviets outweighs strife in the Middle East. Sorry.
If it wasn't for you, your divisive campaign and you and your bros attacking Hillary after she got the Dem nom we would've had HRC POTUS now
Yessssss!
The last good Republican!
Cmon Bernie! I posted this at least a year ago! Thief!
Wow an 'I saw it first' person. Grow up and out of the basement. Reality is calling.
Exactly. Go Bernie.
How many people do you need to wash through the legislature and WH before you realize it's the system that's broken, not the people.
Militarized police forces in the streets & towns -- offset uprising from social unrest.  Perfect.  Well thought out.
Manufactured "social unrest" to keep society divided, weak, pitted against each other, a national distraction--democracy's modus operandi.
problem is we got a target on our back as america so were forced to match the combined military budget of the countries that hate us
That's an old excuse and a lame one. You got anything better?
We spend a far too much on national military security and far too little on national economic security. We need #basicincome, not basic war.
When you have so much  you need lots of protection.
Small farms, clean water, safe environment - would make most content for little.
Another @GOP POTUS that caused 1.353 million deaths in #Vietnam because of his vision of the future.
#NeverForget the real reason he led US into #Vietnam: tin and tungsten that we so greatly value...would cease coming http://bit.ly/2fGRZPp 
Your favorite person from his era was Joseph Stalin. After all, you honeymooned in the Soviet Union, NOT Washington D.C.!
JFK. Don't ask what your country can do for YOU, but what YOU can do for YOUR country.... #SocialismSucks
@NewcoNate 
Very True Senator Bernie Sanders & yet those were better days for America unlike today where USA is the main force taking care of the world.
What did obama say?
Remember his warning about the military-industrial complex in his final address as president. That has definitely come true for USA.
That you were old 50 years ago?
 thank you
The Republican party was unimaginably further left at that point than our Democratic party is today. God help us all.
or you can see it as protection against those who would steal that wealth, against socialists that promise free stuff and deliver death.
Excellent.
who made the korean war..
A great statement that could only be improved by adding,  "...and those in poor health who need treatment."
You've overlooked -- the power -- 
of prayer! .  .    .  
. . . . . . . 
Was he a Democrat?
Our infrastructure is crumbling,middle class shrinking,failing healthcare system-but Hey we got the most expensive,mightiest military ever!
When Republicans were democrats.
Sorry, "Democrats."
This is interesting. Eisenhower was, actually, very progressive. When you read about that period you realize either history is now repeating
Or we've forgotten history, and the offspring of the enormously wealthy are continuing to try to fuck us.
This was a General and a Republican Politician!
President Eisenhower: someone who, like @BernieSanders @SenSanders, told the truth
and the #NaysayersCantHandleTheTruth
Great quote, but then what's the deal with your voting record, @SenSanders ?
Was Eisenhower was the last Republican to actually serve in war? Oops, John McCain too. Others wore uniforms but did they serve in a war?
In my opinion, actually serving in war can make you more sympathetic to suffering and more fierce in ENDING WAR. Thank you Gen. Eisenhower!
Eisenhower was the last decent Republican President.
Ike. The last decent Republican.
The politics of envy and promises of government largesse are an easy sell to the lazy and poorly informed but disaster for culture/economy.
Amen Senator
That last Republican worth a damn.
YES
Bernie,  I hate to tell you this but quoting Eisenhower is ridiculous. He was a great general but lousy president.
Republican? No way
Do not fall prey to the military industrial complex.............. is what the next guy in charge should do, you guys fucked that part up
Medicare for All is theft, and it will destroy the country.
What would you do, send money to #rocketman ??

#cnn #msnbc #foxnews #tucker #maddow #demexit #maga
You are a criminal!! Of course you already know this!! We will never forget!!
bernie 
last sentence ====still better than dead
dictators monopoly on guns, warships, planes etc does not decrease but increase the theft
He was talking about the Soviet build up. What are you getting at.
Modern Republicans get warm fuzzies from this thought.
I grew up, like you, in the 50s. There was disgraceful continuation of Jim Crow, the country had ~60% union workers, and 1% pd 90%
His goodbye speech warned against the industrial military complex, where war becomes a govt subsidized business venture.
$700B says f*ck you sick, poor, middle class, unrepresented masses. Dems & GOPers cross "the aisle" to agree "we like war, it makes me $$$."
Pity history hasn't learned any if this.
@LeaKThompson Ike was never a unilateral disarmer. As president, he sought and achieved nuclear superiority over Soviets.
That Patrice Lumumba should be killed?
@sallyodum You still think Assad has 2 go and believe Russia hacked us and are worse meddlers than we are?
I guess you are asking Sen. Sanders, Elle. I think U.S. should leave Syria & other countries to the affairs of their own sovereign nations
Haha yeah tht was for Sanders trying 2 flip/flop. Gabbard has been consistent. War is bad. Why not pick on SaudiA?
I believe in his speech today, he did. I'll have to go find a link.
definitely true. 

It's the same with Japan, isn't it?
the republican party is the party of selfishness.. sad it didn't used to be..
Exactly! Thank you @SenSanders for NOT approving the #MilitaryBudget.
Every gun that's made
Every ship blockade
Every rocket raid
Every hand grenade
I'll be watching you
Does that also go for the F-35? Fraud!
And yet he helped get the MIC engrained into our government ... but he wanted to be remembered fondly.
Unfortunately, he also launched the CIA's war with Cuba along with Nixon. He is also greenlighted illegal CIA operations throughout the 50s.
Great mind   45?  Not so much
On the other hand, many people would be way more miserable if those weapons had not been there....
Absolutly!
Opposition to the endless expansion of the DOD makes perfect conservative sense, but it's so wild now to think that he was a Republican.
& beware the military industrial complex he added
You can't get food or clothes if your not alive because your country didn't protect you from terrorists.
Actually it protects us from terrorists, tyrants, dictators, invasion, and war so that those suffering have a chance.
I love you, Bernie. But you can't post this and back the F35. My only beef with you. It's cost us over a trillion.

Yeah he also said you shouldn't bankrupt the country for ANYTHING! Bc the safety of America comes from the economy
.@TheDemocrats @NancyPelosi @TulsiGabbard @keithellison
@WhipHoyer @repbenraylujan @repjoecrowley @RepLindaSanchez @TomPerez #DefenseWaste
Oh, now you are standing against #NRA?
And just think how easy it was to get both parties to vote for a seven hundred billion military budget- shows their insane priorities.
What ever happened to that GOP.
That's not all he said.
Eisenhower also warned us about the dangers of the military industrial complex.
The other truth is that America's strong military has resulted in the benefit to our citizens of fighting war overseas, not at home.
President Eisenhower is the first American president that I remember.  He was from the era when GOP still stood for human rights.
