When you make $1Million a year by telling other people they make too much! #GreedyBernie #SevenFigureSocialist #HypocriteBernie
1 million dollars is chump change and he wanted to be taxed more on that million dollars of income.
Wow! You think $1million is chump change??? The median income in this country is $50,000! You sound crazy!
He's one of the poorer members of congress.
Is he going to give 90% of it away to the government like he asked us to do?
He can donate it to his causes but he won't
Gotta leave a little nestegg for his family and grandkids. Gotta respect the hustle.
Sure! But he wants to take other people's nest eggs! Very hypocritical! #GreedyBernie
Only earned income. Not nest eggs.
TELLS HOW YOU MADE A MILLION DOLLARS LAST YEAR?
Wha…? You're saying he made his money last year from private contracts to rebuild public infrastructure…!?!
I Don't Know HOW HE MADE HIS MOENY,BUT HE ALWAYS STATING IF YOU HAVE MOENY GIVE TO THE POOR. "SO LET HIM GIVE IT"
Sorry, I've NEVER heard him say that. You apparently do not understand Sanders' policies on wealth inequality:
MAYBE,BUT HE WANTS TO GIVE EVERYTHING AWAY, SOCIALISM DOES NOT "WORK".
You obviously didn't read the link to state that. READ it. As for socialism not working. FALSE:
WHAT EVER I Don't BELIEVE IN SOCIALISM.
Tsk. Belief doesn't overrule data, stats, facts. It must really bother you that the USA already embraces socialism for many things.
Of course not, let the gov't do it for 10 times as much and keep ripping off the taxpayers...please move to a Socialist country already
Pfft. Oh, c'mon. 10 times as much!?! Lemme gues: if billionaires privatize our PUBLIC infrastructure, it'll "trickle down" to taxpayers?
Keep deflecting from the obvious, how much did Obamacare website rollout cost or the cost of Q-tips to the military, U want Socialism...MOVE
Hmm. It sounds like you think citizens of democratic socialist countries must be miserable compared to the happiness in the USA.
...have scared them to even go to work. The are walking back across the bridge themselves. All for your 15 min of fame. Shameful.
Why don't you gather all the working people up & get them to buy a billion dollar building so they can all work for themselves. Not!
The only thing Trump cares about are how full his pockets are.
The only thing you all care about is yourselves. You couldn't care poor people living off the Gvt. You just want to keep them poor.
Heaven forbid should 1 of them pass you up in status. Your more likely to live next door 2 a Jihad right now then a poor Hispanic. Lock up!
BULLCRAP.
Nor giving billions to the unions (TARP funds under B.O's tenure) which enriched who bern? why we still talkin infastructure?where is money?
what do you want to do sell  it to the smallest company so it takes 200 years to complete
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/nov/30/donald-trump-george-monbiot-misinformation …
Huge Profits: $1,052,000 is what YOU raked in last yr~known for attacking the wealthy~most coming from YOUR book deals touting socialism
We shouldn't be selling the stock in our Uranium mines to the Russians, but you had ZERO problem with that... RIGHT!??
You hypocrite!  How is the new house? What is it the third or fourth?
So yeah, lets give the contracts to rebuild the infrastructure to people who don't know WTF they are doing.  Sort of like congress.
Go back to bed bernie, we got this.
Why such a rude comment?
Not rude, just think he continues to present interference and he is NOT a DEm. His time has come and gone he needs to move on imho.
T'was rude. And you know it.
Bernie selling out to the DNC after they double crossed him was rude to his constituents!
"Selling out"…!?! Are you referring to that debunked "payoff" smear…!?!
Lol. No. I'm referring to Bernie selling out his base by endorsing the same people that colluded against him by lying & cheating!
So only poor people can advocate for the poor? 

PS His three homes equate to about one in Cali. Stand down.
I suppose you have evidence of your claims? Provide links.
I think he just expects you to back up your rediculous claim.
Stephen, I see what you did there. Well played! 

@lacityworker you're the lazy ass who can't back your claim. Or you're just a liar.
Is it really about them being billionaires or that they are Christians?
Bernie, your bad for America.. retire and enjoy your three homes...
These billionaires actually open up jobs for tens of thousands of people and gets them off of Gov't dependency.  Who works for a poor man?
This comes from a man supported by his wife's Wall Street buddies.
This is really eye opening, and depressing
Then y haven't U done something about it all these 30 years Easy to throw stones Pass a Fu*king Bill that will fix it #MAGA #infrastructure
Tell us Bern. How did you make a million this year?
Bernie, what is your plan FREE? You took money from the crooked Clintons and obamas for your deceitful spirit and you fool!
Oops, you forgot to tell your base that you are part of the wealthy 2%
Wait...aren't you a billionaire? How does a representative of the US citizens become a billionaire? Maybe it was from your wife's embezzling
1) You know trump cronies will get contracts. 2) Things like roafs will become tolls to be profit center for priv cos 3) No accountability
The same would be done with privatizing air traffic control. Some billionaire would get the contract. Same old crap.
Especially if they are Christian...right Bernard. I'll never listen 2 u again.
Clueless that is what you are!
Hell you have more money then most of the billionaires. Give your profit back to your supporters and those 3 homes you own.
Nah, I've seen government workers and they don't get shit done. Our CURRENT infrastructure is proof
You are the 1% Bernie! Stop lying!
What about your wealth?
VI US Constitution but no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States
Ever tried reading the constitution commie Bernie?
The most vociferous commies are the ones living the good life off of the sweat and toil of others. Isn't that right, comrade Bernie?
Lol to hate jobs for the American people.  Sad.  You just want bread lines.
Yeah, we should let the politicians skim 100's of millions (including lake houses) for themselves instead.
Trump would be selling them to Americans not other countries like the Democrats have!
Since 2006 - Dem Congress
http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/nation/2006-07-15-u.s.-highways_x.htm …
Bernie needs to be institutionalized
That's exactly what you did last 30 years.  You pulled the biggest heist on middle class and continue to do so. You're pure filth.
Tell that 2 u'r Supporters u left cry'n in the streets @ the DNC! ThankU @realDonaldTrump our @POTUS 4 really #MAGA
You create problems where they don't exist!
Will you sell your lake front home?
I guess if u were president you could do it differently.  Your not, so pipe down...  go criticize some Christians... wait u already did it
Cause u love the government to control everything but your vagina
Are you talking about corrupt politicians selling uranium to Russian? "Democrats"
Yes, everything trump does is bad for liberals! I agree!
Congressmen like you are the ones making millions on the backs of taxpayers - elected to serve not enrich - only term limits will stop
Drop dead.
You are a rich elite yourself who gives little to charity. And you push back Christian thought. You are wrong and hurtful to Do so.
Especially if Tolls are charged. Infrastructure improvement, like the Military, should be publicly funded. Poor people will need access too!
So we should let central planners like you waste billions of dollars instead? No thanks. The private sector innovates. Government wastes.
I'm yours and Obamas world we would just do away with workers.
Before u decide Trump's idea is bad, what's your idea? More taxes? Have u heard state capitalism? Public/gov businesses can run capitalism.
What was your financial disclosure again for 2016 Mr. 1%
Trump is one of the most successful builders in history but what's your plan genius? Give some of your millions and sell some of your homes.
We shouldn't invest in candidates that refuse to fight primary fraud.
Well what's food for Obama is good for the next guy
What is the point of spending all that time in a cabinet if you don't get an opportunity to seize infrastructure in return? #TrumpRussia
We get it. You'd use one of those non-profit construction companies for the work.
Caltran is very bureaucratic and inefficient. How can you make government agencies efficient?
Your impeachment movement itself is a ploy of Russians to divide us.
Check the details of all political deals, but look twice at anything the trump admin offers. #checkthefineprint
You know billionaires don't actually build things themselves right?  They need workers and managers and architects... in other words jobs
Come on, Bernie, only the billionairs can save us! Trump is the living evidence!
So who does the work then? Let give it to a guy who is on welfare make him work and build the bridges.  He cannot do it
You make no sense, it's creating jobs
You should be donating that $835,000 advance book deal to a legal non profit not just the royalties witch will be very few
You can't trust anyone who is primarily motivated by money.
Right,  we should let fools like you hand out the contracts to provide kickbacks to those you owe favors to.
That worked out perfectly for the Clintons in Haiti
It's been happening all along. We've got to FIGHT BACK.
Because he is billion dollar businessman and not a example for the ordinary people in the US
Mr sanders no one has done anything to stop it help the American worker,action speaks louder than words
Bernie will continue to push down any Trump ideas; fixing the USA road and bridges a bad idea? NOT!
You & wife have a few million Bernie-put it where your mouth is!
Let's sell it to poor people. Who else is going to buy it...bus drivers?
So I then
You are a vicious old man and nothing the President does will ever bring a smile to your crotchety face
Very true Sir
Your right it's better that we borrow trillions of dollars more to put taxpayers in more debt.
Another redistribution of wealth from the 99% to the corporatocracy.
It is kind of disinvestment carried under previous nda govt type economic disaster for poor and job seekers.
Why not? The companies who've made $$ doing this kind of work are the ones who have the knowledge and ability to do it right.
It's not like you can just hire the day laborers outside of Home Depot to repair and replace our infrastructure. It just won't work
Bernie u do a lot of complaining but don't have any answers
who should rebuild our country?
OMG BERNIE UR NUTS
Let's be real old hag, everything the man does you'll hate
That's how the system rolls
Privatization of public infrastructure is illegal in a number of states. Trump is a #NationalEmbarrassment
And your infrastructure plan would've used mom and pop construction businesses. .lmfao
Amazing how @BernieSanders makes millions of dollars through capitalism but seeks to destroy it & see the rest of us destroyed by socialism
See Integrated Engineering Blockchain Consortium. Quant token true value of infrastructure - community investment  http://IEBC.co 
But how can we stop it from happening?
How's the Bernaise in the Senate restaurant? Debbie Wasserman choke
What a crock Burn Man. Show me a politician who don't make profits off the backs of working people. Its their nature.
Dreamer
FIRST,, TRY CREATING A JOB, 2ND TRY PROCURING A JOB IN THE PRIVATE SECTOR,PUBLIC PAYROLL WHOLE LIFE=PARASITE
Mabey if you & Obama would have done your job over the past 8yrs things would be different...
Billionaires hire the working class, billionaires are the working classes job security. Supply & demand.
Two key words: working people. I think we need more of those, just ask them. Stop being such a communist.
@POTUS   BUSTED TRUMP!!!!! BERNIE IS GREAT!
You are right-It's BAD! Doesn't this seem very similiar to the way many Russian services & facilities were taken over by their billionaires?
Cut Job Corps=less certified people to build things = more accidents=more medical bills but no jobs to pay bills
Your so wrong. Trump will negotiate the best prices. He is trying to squeeze every nickel he can, to save us money. Leave the country then.
How about uranium to the Russians that's fine to sell off ? I'll wait for your reply Bern

Sanders...you are a liar and were bought and paid for by your party. Bet you're enjoying the lake house they bought for you right now.
Do something about it!
You mean like kalifornian did with @SenFeinstein husband with the high speed rail?  That kind of stuff?
Killing the Host: How Financial Parasites and Debt Bondage Destroy the Global Economy
Why are your followers so violent? Go back to Stalingrad.
@politico @HuffPost Being a nay sayer means you never have to have an original idea of your own.
That's what this administration is all about
Welcome to the wonderful world of fascist oligarchy !
Says the career politician
They can't do a much worse job of maintaining the infrastructure than the government has.
Jobs jobs jobs genius
Says the guy who made over $1,000,000 last year and kept ALL of it.
Thank God then maybe my 401(k) will double and I can retire
#IWANTMYLOCAL3
Boy I hope like hell this is wrong yet is D-bag Donny really this stupid?  **nodding my head in disgust**
Do you roll dice to decide which of your houses to stay in?  #NotOfThePeople
Here we go again... Wall street...
EVERYTHING HE PROPOSES IS BAD FOR THE COUNTRY, BUT GOOD FOR HIS BILLIONAIRE FRIENDS. How much more Deplorable does it get?
Trump does not do anything for the good of the public.  He & his friends MUST make money on any of his bills.
We shoud'nt make government so big that it becomes a cash cow for politicians.
He's actually putting people to work the way it should be
Infrastructure has never been a partisan issue..... until @SenSanders who just hates on anything the other side does
We don't have the money to fix it otherwise which is sad
Trump wants to open up the giant redwood trees for lumber. Such an ass
Funny how you listen to Trump's speech and he says the opposite of what he's doing. Vomiting lies into our ears.
because the gov't has done so well! not!
It would have been a useful compromise to back HRC to the hilt considering the alternative. But we do get an interesting civics lesson.
It's to Russia and China let's be honest.
Might be nice to see the rest of America and their properties robbed, exploited just like wts been done to First Nations.  Rot'n but Equal
The government is the most corrupt and negligent owner out there. Private ownership on the other hand creates competition.#whysocialismfails
Bannon's "deconstruction of the administrative state" is meant to make the rich richer and our lives more miserable. Sheesh!
Good shortsightedness!  Umm if the billionaires don't fund the projects who will.  Too bad you've never had a real job.  You'd understand.
That's the Trump way
But that's all they know!
Businesses will run the projects more efficientl;y & cost effectively saving middle/ working class tax payers billions
This is the worst president.....my God save us all .
Trump thinks USA must "pay for" federal spending, so it's limited and ineffective
Oh now you can't talk about millionaires cause you're one. So you have to crucify "BILLIONAIRES". You were my hero mr millionaire. Nomore
