We should also remember how we came together as a people in those days and weeks afterward.
Let us recommit to ending terrorist violence and conditions that give rise to it: corruption, authoritarianism, inequality and hatred.
I am so up set .By this.
Not to mention all the people in mass shootings #resist
Bush did 9/11 @izelvreskala
Bush can barely tie his own shoes. Cheney was behind 9/11, aka The New Pearl Harbor.
Of keşke fikrini sorsaymışım ya

Proud to be a nasty women

The undoctored pic is a pic of a uncouth right winger. Lol
Never forget Native American massacres, women, children, elderly, men brutally murdered, raped, burned. lured under pretenses put to death.
Let's also not forget that 9/11 was an inside job and that the #UnitedStates "government" is a wicked evil fraud.  #StoptheNWO #Satanists
Democracy is the key of all problems in the Middle East.
I still don't believe it could not be prevented. Sad, very sad indeed.
Yeah they were murdered alright ..Maybe we can find out by who and bring them to justice one day when there is a REAL investigation .
secondly, remmeber who raised the money to clean up NYC Hillary R Clinton. Your campaign shit all over her .. how's the Trump thing going?
When somebody can produce a reason why three buildings fell that day, due (as they say) to fire; when no other skyscrapers in history have
And the Treason you all failed to prosecute.
Don't forget that Bush did it
And the missile that hit the pentagon when 2.3 trillion went missing.
Can you explain why blg 7 imploded?
Is that the attack on #Iraq ?
But your support for Terrorist Rivera whose group Murdered US Citizens is ok? Hypocrite
Inside job
yeah your so concerned what about these chemtrails and secret weather programs tax payers are paying for.what's up with that!?
I wouldnt call it the worst in History.  Worst in the 21st century. Worst Terrorist attached in the USA was the Whites killing the Natives
Bernie the ever Politician. You give a shit about first responders.
Punch your ticket for the next election
I think the worst terrorist attack was on Hisroshima, Nagasaki. Also on Vietnam, North Korea, Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya. For 9/11 Hang Bush.
If yall think 911 was an inside job then you have no idea how govt agencies work. You know how many people would have to keep that quiet?
and yes, the US is the biggest terrorist
Politicians like you that want to make us forget
At any rate , the worst by a country other than the USA
May their souls rest in peace
Muslim Islamic terrorists
Muslim terrorist
Thank you for remembering our families 
"Worst terror attack in history"

A couple small cities in Japan would like a word with you.
The terrorist of 911 were backed by the socialist Bernie
I heard Saudi is responsible.
do the #usa have a day to remember the million iraqis who have died since #bush attacked them illegally in retaliation?
The Rest of the World also remembers the violent reponse of the US - wich killed far more civilans, and still continues to kill civilians.
And those innocents who have died, worldwide, since.
For the dumbasses: tower 7 reality check.
How abt forcing the gop to vote for the responders bill?
AND...Ted Cruz's Porn "likes"...
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
Looking forward bernie
I highly doubt that has been THE worst in History. Maybe the worst in USA, in September 2001, yes.
Do you really care about our 3000 brothers and sisters Bernie? Then work to end the bullshit traitorous coverup of 9/11
Bernie your tweets are the best. Ethos Pathos Logos.
Then on December 18th 2015 you shouldn't have voted against the 9/11 first responders bill. You're pathetic. Get off the stage.
And the millions of innocent people in Iraq and Afghanistan killed by the U.S. In response.
I wonder if the twin towers had WMD's? Or tower 7 was firing white phosphorus all over its employees...still can't figure out these lies.
Do you support Antifa?
Does anyone else recall Bush saying 9/11 was like "winning the Trifecta"? I sure as fuck do-it was on the White House wesite for a while.
I don't recall it. At all. Have any legit proof?
Just Google "new pearl harbor pnac" PNAC was a Neocon document Project For A New American Century saying we must vastly expand our empire.
I'm still stuck on the trifecta deal
Here you go. Again, just Google "bush 9/11 trifecta."
I thought it was common knowledge
Who is David Cogswell?
Heir to the Cogswell Cogs fortune, not to be confused with the Spacely Sprockets fortune ;)
Cheney was behind 9/11. You know it, too, but you've kept silent.
Being a war profiteer isn't absolute proof of instigation
In PNAC, 1994, Cheney wrote that America was asleep to its ME enemies and needed "a new Pearl Harbor." His fingerprints are all over 9/11.
Before we go on, I wanna talk about this trifecta allegation of yours
It's not an allegation for God's sake, it was in a half dozen speeches Bush made, as a snide joke. It was on the White House website.
You say, but I just did quick search of Internet info and that doesn't appear to be true.
Google "Bush 9/11 Trifecta. There are thousands of hits.
The date will always bring a certain amount of pain to all American. & Not allow fear to divide us.
Worst terrorist attack in history...you mean when the  dropped atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
I will say this, building 7, the Pentagon, and shanksville all leave lots of questions that just do not get addressed.
Good
Brace 1st responders who may lose access to medical care as they battle diseases contracted being national heroes. Thanks, DJT.
This should be rectified now. They tried to save people and the gov did not care for them. For shame
Santiago, 11/09/1973?
9/11/1973
Apparently you remember the but forgot who killed them. Hence your tolerance nonsense you communist fraud.
How are we remembering? By selling weapons to the country that gave us 15 of the 19 9/11 hijackers + the ideology!
Go away Bernie.  We can grieve the fallen without your branding it as your own
About the only sane thing you have said in 20 years. Give who ever wrote it for you a dinner out.
.. and you would loved to and fought for the terrorists to come inro amerika without any hesitatuon. NOT murders but terrorists ..9
The worst terrorist attack in history? It's terrible but look around at Syria, South Sudan, Myanmar...the holocaust and the inquisition.
In American history? Or just history?
How about this?
The worst terror attack in history was when Obama got elected
Saudi Arabia was never punished, instead, they were sold weapons, planes and bombs to spread more terror. Bush kissed King's ring, and
We should remeber 9/11 everyday Senator Bernie, not just on 9/11 we should remeber who did this terrible thing to America & Never Forget it.
Yes more than 100 quebecers were there !!
In Rwanda nearly 800,000 died in sectarian terrorism, and today 1M are being removed violently from their homes in Myanmar.  #perspective
Good words but don't forget we watch your country killing  non-american subhumans innocents people the rest of the year for your greatness.
What is your public stance on wtc#7
Hardly the worst ever: How about the US army killing hundreds of thousands of civilians in Afghanistan, Iran...shall I continue???
I must correct you senator the worst terrorist attack occurred on Election Day 2016
Let's be honest, you're a smart guy, you know what really happened...
We should also remember the victims of 9/11/2012,  left unrescued in Benghazi Libya
Let's honor the victims of 9/11 and the people that helped the hounded.
And the corrupt politicians who fight to let more of these terrorist in our country.
But didn't I hear you say we must look forward not backwards?
Or does that only apply to banks (Obama) & DNC fraud (you)?
More building, less destroying.
never forget...
We remember Pinochet's coup d'etat today. 40.000 victims thanks to Kissinger meddling. 44 years ago and the wounds are still raw.
Bernie you're just another brick in the wall . . .
Agree, now can you please remember that capitalism is the greatest path to wealth for the most people?
U know george bush did that bernie
With all due respect and admiration I have for you sir, #9/11 may have been the most televised but it's far from being the worst. Peace
It was not a terrorist attack but the most atrocious inside government job ever
Very true Senator Bernie Sanders
You mean in American history, don't you?
I thought the US was behind this horrific act and Saudis .....
Bernie we need your help in Togo to remove a dictatorship regime who is killing his own people just to stay in power
Clever verbiage
I love you Bernie. You should be our president. Next time!!!!!
And the millions of people killed as a direct result of this false flag terrorist attack by multiple US Administrations.  #NeverForget
Terror by the government
Bernie you need to stop. You need to get your  followers to DEMS. You r too old to run. You will be responsible for a mess.
Those towers turned into foundries with all the thermite painted onto the skeleton of them, it's blatantly obvious.
Nobody painted termites on the WTC towers, or if they did the graffiti blasters would have removed it quickly!
You mean the worst terrorist attack on US in US history right ?  Not the worse ever ?
And all the ppl in the Middle East murdered for no reason in response.
Follow the money
murdered by Islamic terrorist !
Dear Sen.Sanders, I Feel The suffered of your precious Americans in that incident. I endured many suffered! Life experiences!
Worst terrorist attack in history? Nah man
Never Forget. #UnitedWeStand
Can't believe you didn't blame TRUMP
Our hearts with you.Let's stand against all war, all terror, all violence:as human family we must achieve hope as well as peace.
Dick Cheney has a lot to answer for.
When do you think the Deep State and CIA will be held accountable for this heinous crime?
But Islam isn't responsible, right? Right.
The worst terrorist attacks are the consistent ones on the Muslim nations of the world 
murdered by non-citizens.
Worst attack on US Shores.
Just not positive it was foreign actors.
Architects and Engineers For Truth
http://www1.ae911truth.org/en/evidence.html …
Inside job.
never forget, and never forgive
*on US soil
What about Tower 7??
Cannot even get a -B on this tweet.
Who types all of these for you Bernie
Bernie, shouldn't we also remember the 6,828 Americans who died in Iraq and Afghanistan as a direct result of 9/11. Remember 9/11!
Yet trump has a hotel in that terrorist in that country and they were not included in the travel ban #saudiaarabia #traitorin whitehouse
Terrorist attack!?!?! Are you one of "those" Mr Sanders?
Let’s not forget over 500,000 of Iraqi civilians killed in invasion that had nothing to do with them. A Lie to War.
Yet, about the lives of the nearly million in Iraq killed... Not a word...
I have a pin I purchased in New York shortly after 9/11.  Wearing it today.
But you're still willing to allow unlimited numbers of those murderous bastards to enter our nation.
Bernie wasn't an attack but staged demolitions courtesy of Republcan Government
We should remember the tens of thousands of Muslims and others killed by made in USA weaponry.
What about the overt 3000 ppl that died in churn fighting for the county they live in a war that should have never begun..
Don't run in 2020 #SierraBlanca
what about remembering the 9/11 in Chile...
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dRRUpO5kPhw …
"Why are you waving US flag before me?It costs less than contracts for supply of weapons.Saudis gave price through which US could not cross"
Terrorist attacks happen because of a twisted kind of godly faith. They hate america because our FREEDOM has Given us a right to SIN
Ummmn . I think slavery was
I feel the grief of a nation in my old hippie bones. We were not defended. It had been predicted in stories as likely to come.
Bravery saves.
We continue up to pray for their loved ones today nd always.
It sad too so many first responders had so many medical issues afterwards. Our hearts go all the families that were touch by 9/11
How about Hiroshima?  Maybe worst terrorist attack?
Do you really think so?
You are referring, of course, to the 1973 CIA sponsored coup in Chile?
One of many
fue tu propio pais quien planifico ese atentado para justificar una guerra contra el mundo para saquearle los recursos a los debiles
What is even more sad is when teenage boys in NH try to hang an 8 year old biracial boy who initially was playing with them.Never forget 911
and the 100000 murdered in iraq because we needed to strike out at somebody
And never forget: #28pages #wtc7 #jingoism
Then next March we commemorate the invasion of Iraq, 100,000+ killed, gv't & army destroyed, creating anger & opportunity, IS then founded.
Time to think of the hundreds of thousands of innocents  killed in the illegal war in Iraq in retribution. They don't have a remembrance day
Dear Bernie, thank you for always being presidential even tho you are not president. Sadly.
It's National Muslim Awareness day...
https://youtu.be/G1zED8dy63w  #NeverForget #FirstResponders WERE TRUE HEROS not thinking on their own Lifes they Helped in GREATESTDANGER

Or more I also remember the thousands of Chileans who were murdered with the assistance of the United States on September 11
We should also remember that everything about the official story was an absolute lie. Sure hope you don't believe the official story Bernie
The worst terrorist attacks in history were those in Hiroshima & Naghasaki!
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE.but it was war. They atracked Pearl Harbor they would have atracked the whole U.S. if they had a chance.America#1
Do you really believe our Generals would leave Pearl Harbor open to attack on accident?
God bless freedom and prosperity of the world.  I still believe that 9/11 was caused by America's trickle down foreign politics
never in a million years thought our gov was involved until I see how they are treating our president today
....the major step taken towards a police state.
To think Americans died over an "Internet Video"....such a shame. right?
How about we remember which government was most likely behind it?
And the murderers are? Answers on a postcard to "exactly how did building 7 come down" competition #thetruthwillcomeout
All you criminal globalist were involved
We also remember US hyper-belligerent foreign policy that led to it + how Cheney/Bush used it as pretext to take chainsaw to Bill of Rights.
You know a good way to honor those people who died is to try to make sure the world treat everybody with dating any and respect
OH BUT YOU WANT MORE REFUGEES HERE.. IF I WERE YOU, I'D KEEP MY MOUTH SHUT..
Always reflecting, Never forgetting. #September11th
#guns kill ten times as many  #Americans every year.
Add up all the deaths by guns in this country, then you'll find the worse terrorist attack. By Americans and to Americans.
It was your kind of policies that caused that tragic event and also all of the victims from illegals. We need stronger vetting and borders
Yes, the people you take up for any other day.

What Bernie No mention that 45 travel ban protects us from never having a 9/11 again?

Yes, we remember.
Let's also remember that a steel-framed building had never collapsed to due fire before or since.  Three that day.  #bullshit
Yet u want to give our country away free to those who carried out the murders ... weird
Then: Republicans Played Politics With 911 First Responder Heath-care & Compensation http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/bill-911-first-responders-finally-passes-congress … …
Worst terrorist attack in US history - not history.
A horror beyond words, but worst terrorist attack in history? Hardly. On U.S. soil, certainly, but history extends beyond your borders. 
3000 people murdered and more than 7000 American soldiers (and more than 2000 European soldiers) were killed in Middle East by Bush!
Let's just ignore the 1,000,000 million innocent lives lost due to the invasion. 
Half milion in Syria, half milion in Iraq and 50'000 in Afghanistan. Maybe the Number isn't right and It could be higher in this useless war
Definitely agree. Very useless..
