Without healthcare you're as good as dead. Considering we have a right to life then of course healthcare should be a right .
How can we claim to be a country who cares for the homeless and poor if we offer little healthcare to them or the healthcare $ is ridiculous
You have to be eligible,  and in some states it covers everyone under a certain income but not all states
Tell me you find it ok that the broke have little to no choices in healthcare which leads to death. Are you really so selfish to let ppl die
How do you know that they're not trying to help themselves not nearly as many ppl fuck the system as ppl like to believe
Should health care be a right? Of course it should, and when vile outdated capitalism is ended and replaced, it will be.
And who will allocate the resources? The all-knowing, elite governing class? You want to watch the world burn.
There will be no elite governing class with genuine socialism. Socialism ---> http://www.worldsocialism.org/spgb/what-socialism …
There always is whenever socialism is tried. Are you different? Superior? Your hubris has killed millions.
Norway is social democratic, works fine there.
Now that is highly inaccurate. In other countries there is way more private corporations.NO has more corporate regulations + higher min wage
If you think it should be, then start pushing for a constitutional amendment declaring healthcare as a right, not just expanding medicare.
It's difficult, not impossible. Even if it takes 20 years, it will be better in the long run.
The cost of not having some form of "socialized" healthcare is bankrupting the nation. We're payin more than any 1st world country for less.
Yeah. As long as each person gets to manage that right.  And not have the government manage it for us.
That is a good one, I need to remember that!
Yes!!!
በጣም ጡሩ
Should be cost micromanaged ongoing by case. Too many short cuts to ER too many Cat Scans?
If you have the right to shot someone that person should have the right to health care. (free)
So if a criminal is trying to kill me and I shoot the criminal, that criminal should get free healthcare... Now that seams criminal.
If the crimianl shots you you can get healthcare (free).
Who is paying for it if it is free?
Who's paying for it now. Taxes payer what's the difference
So it isn't free and never will be.
Bernie, how will U pay for this "free for all"?  You never tellus about the finances.  U will start free HC then cut back & cut off!  No $$$
Everybody already has a right to healthcare, if u need to go to the doctor? You go, and u pay for it.
hell no
Bernie wants everything free. Except your paycheck he wants it all
Stop tweeting and lick more boots.
NICE!, this ftard is not even conscious that he sent out a Bernie Sanders meme.
The stupid is strong on that one.
Give as many blow jobs to Trump and is Goldman Sach's cabinet as you wish, Ftard. What's it to me?
Yes it should! #MedicareForAll & #PoniesForEveryone
It’s hard to believe this is still a discussion. It shouldn’t even be a question.
Everyone has equal access to healthcare already.  What you seem to want is equal access to money no matter how much effort someone puts out
So ,if you're born in a rich family,you don't have more right to hcare than someone who digs ditches and whose employer offers no benefits.
Correct.  You have exactly the same rights, but you can afford the good stuff. Just like you can buy a better gun.  Same concept.
So, you shouldn't have things unless you can buy them, therefore letting a corporation decide what you can have.
That's the second most fucked up logic I've ever heard. Why is it hard to understand you have to pay for goods and services?
Police, fire , depts, nat'l parks, interstate highways are public goods. We PAY for them with our taxes. H-care should be the same.
No need for corporate middlemen ( insurance companies ) and price-gougers ( hcare corporations).
So just provide health care at cost free for all and eliminate the insurance industry and the private ownership of medical facilities?
Something that requires the service of another human being cannot be a "right".
Now, the ins companies dictate the treatment, profit always wins. If u cost 2 much, treatment is denied. HC as a right isn't rocket science.
The only way to make HC affordable is to end price gouging by pharmaceuticals, hospitals, and HC professionals. End unnecessary testing, end unnecessary "well-checks", and mandate stiff punishments for false billing and intentional false diagnosis.
Good luck with that. The die hard capitalist's will always exploit and make profit. Universal HC with strict cost controls will control cost
If they took age restrictions off social security and Medicare, they would be universal basic income and Medicare for all!
Trump only sees life through the eyes of  of a rich man and cannot relate to those of us who struggle. He is strictly loyal to the wealthy
Of course it is a right! What's your opinion on hc a lot of European countries?
What kind of healthcare do you have Bernie, Obamacare?
Yes. We should have single payer healthcare as well as shelter for all and basic internet for all so no one is out of touch or homeless
No you buy it if you can afford it
Most Americans are with Bernie, however the rich crooks are still goofing things up to make more money. Greed, and more Greed. That's them.
No
"Healthcare is not a right, but it is in our best interest" #healthyamerican
Yes!! Of course!!
#welcome to #America, where it's easier to buy a gun than getting basic #Healthcare services.
#HealthcareISaHumanRight #Healthcareforall
No
Is corruption a right when you're a #Democrat? Seems so. #Trump #MAGA #ThursdayThoughts #Bernie #dems

How about getting Congress instead of celebrities to answer? Easy to talk. But to act?

99% of your adoring fans have never asked you why your home state of Vermont tried and failed to have a single-payer healthcare system.
THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU DO BERNIE! PLEASE RUN IN 2020!!
Bernie for president !
nope
Liberals hate it when they are confronted with the truth
Get a JOB!
NO
No.....
Health care should be whatever the voters vote it to be.  Democracy.
@GOP @TheDemocrats #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow 
#TrumpHelpPuertoRicoNOW
No
NO.....
In the UK it's a given. #NHS
Absolutely!
Its not a right. Its a privilege people work hard to earn.
I should have a right to choose my insurance.
Go back to writing stories about rape.  Once again, nothing is a right if it depends on someone else paying for it.  Just go away already.
NO !
Short answer: No.
are you related to Herpes? because you never go away
Explain should be a right. Do we also have a right to get it free?

OMG Is this Bernie Sanders in public feeling on some ladyThis look just like Bernie I don't care what y'all say .@SenSanders #feelthebern 
I refer you to Ben Shapiro.
Yes si oui
Only for the working taxpayer  their dependents. And for the elderly and those unable to care for themselves
#Namedrop
Stop saying "right" when what you mean is, "an entitlement funded either by a transfer of wealth or additional debt for posterity".
Oh good, he seems qualified for this discussion
#food #shelter #booze #candy #weed
On the way to see @DJWindows98 and the rest of @arcadefire in a matter of hours! I anticipate much healthcare discourse & some #electricblue
not if someone else has to pay for it!
Health care should only be between patient and doctor. Government shouldn't meddle in it.
Health care is a right for those that work or those that can't work. Not those that won't work.
Who cares what Win butler thinks. You're not God and government doesn't give rights. You openly defy  Constitution you should be impeached
Who cares what he thinks Bernie, socialized medicine is bad.
In a civilized nation, of course! But that's the problem in this country: greed trumps altruism, empathy, conscience.
Yes.
No... Governors needs to stay out of healthcare #FullRepealReplace
will be capitalist. Or ?
Cause we are kind of stuck with that system?
Lots of sick people running our education system into the ground.
So you are wanting to enslave medical professionals and force them to provide services for free? They have families and rights as well.
Yes, but not at someone else's expense.
Jobs not charity. Work on that you socialist.
For right citizen in the right country of their rights! Unused @TomCruise now u on food stamp  By some junkies twist of faith! Outlawed ©
@WittyUsername10
Of course it should! How you guys haven't sorted out something like our NHS is shocking.
Yes
Yes
Excellent interview!
What about dental ?
The fact that you ask the question concedes the point that it isn't a right.
It's really not, positive rights are not natural rights.
@boycalledhorse IVE DREAMED OF THIS DAY
No

according to you dems everything is a right house car phone healthcare internet but if it's a right for everyone why would anybody work for it
Oh, c'mon. You think in Canada, Australia, UK, Germany, France, Italy, Norway, Finland, Sweden, Denmark, Ireland… they don't WORK?
well put it this way about 47 percent of american working age adults pay full taxes and as a country being 20 trillion in debt I just wonder how we  pay for it all
Well, how about trying to emulate those other nations? I, for one, see something very wrong with this picture —and it just got worse.
I see things different I am single no deductions pay my full  taxes and am fine with defense spending illegal immigration is my problem maybe the 135billion a year that costs us would pay for it
To me, both are a problem. It's high time we prioritized using our tax dollars to improve the lives of our own citizens.
Yes it should , I lived on the German system for 16 years and it was our right, it's ridiculous that we don't have that here,
Just because you make something a right DOES NOT MAKE IT AVAILABLE. In fact it causes a scarcity
Nope.  Healthcare is a Service.
Get rid of your health care then get pneumonia, go to emergency and see what happens. I bet they either turn you away or send you a bill.
.

If Health Care is a 'Right', why would you want to entrust that 'Right', to a Group that is $22-Trillion in debt [our Government] 

.
Well said!
Bernie we hate you here in the states. Go away
Cool! YouTube is more relevant than the Constitution!
Take greed out of healthcare. Say NO to Merchants of Death.
Considering the US' s human rights track record, I'd prefer if it were not, to protect quality of healthcare for all races and ethnicities.
Remember separate but equal.
No, it should be earned.
Lol nah
Why should Icare about the opinion of a musician.Iwonder if he was brought up to respect the flag
Yes because who deserves to die because they can't afford it
It is in the U.K even if you don't live here, let right be done.
You just want to bankrupt the whole county like Venezuela
Yes this is the only thing you and I agree on you should E mail me I'LL give you some tips on getting it main streamed
No but it should be fair. However, once you reach a certain age then yes if they survived this country that long they deserve a kick back
Should Paid Power and Drinking Water be a Right? These are essentials yet we have to pay for them..
It IS a right. 
It's just too bad the U.S government doesn't think so.
Arcade Fire is...good again?
Don't care if it's a right. Make it a system that's free for all
Since when do you have a right to someone elses labor. Pretty sure thats called slavery there mr socialist.
Yes! Everyone should have to right to have health care.
YES, it IS a right in this day and age. 

#Medicare4All
#SaveAmericaFromTrump
#SavePuertoRico 
#RestoreFlorida
#RestoreTexas
#FightRacism
Healthcare should be a right and so should life care. We have to save lives in Puerto Rico now!
No
ask them what was up with the last album
HELL NO!
Hell no socialist Bernie. You are a joke. Quit pandering to your base . You're worse than Hillary.
Healthcare has always been a right...For as long as I have been alive I had the right to choose healthcare.
No absolutely not.
WE NEED A BERNIE/AF COLLAB
Hell no.


u do not have the rights to the services of others. Pretty sure Rand Paul already mopped the floor with ur ideas.
if every member of arcade fire just chipped in a dollar, we could probably cover the whole bill

#TakeAKnee 
again how to convince trump's fanbase?
No but a privilege
For the few. But no more.
Absolutely. 100%
YES!

You are sick..
Bernie, no
Of course health care should be free.
You need an NHS
