Impeach Trump?
Im german and dont know what impeach means, is it the same as saying to get a new president?
Well, a president can be impeached without being removed from office (like Bill Clinton) but impeachment CAN lead to removal.
Well i d have voted for sanders or even clinton u can believe me
I voted for Hillary Clinton.  I would have voted for Bernie Sanders if he had been the nominee.
That d have been my choice too
Of course you would have. You are a Zelda fan. You obviously have impeccable taste.  
Oh man i dont know what impeccable means
Climate change is cyclical. Been happening since the beginning. We applaud a president who kept another campaign promise. Make America Great
it is. We are SUPPOSED to be in a stable moderately cool period. WE have changed this by burning fossil fuels.
Our state of WI. was covered with a mile thick glacier. What caused that to melt before fossil fuels came along?
I'm not arguing climate change cycles. I'm from Michigan. Quite aware. But we are AFFECTING our climate directly.
Nothing that Gore predicted in his movie has come true. NASA just came out with report northpole ice hasn't receded since 1995.  Not buying.
This is what I find from NASA:
Get the whole story.................
um... Your article supports the rapid climate change (fossil fuel & human induced) theory
I very much hate Trump u would have been the better president
Trust us...many of us feel the same.
Well we have steinmeier hes not that bad
U can't control climate change (it barely changes every 100y).Only God & it's part of His bigger plan.Disasters will take place regardless
Wrong.  Not a crisis - an issue.  If it were a crisis you'd be addressing China & India - but you love communist China
#IAmStillIn, as is the MAJORITY of the American people, INCLUDING @POTUS voters!
What exactly does the agreement do for us? Or #ClimateChange please explain? Because all I see is our tax money going elsewhere!
Maybe Trump has become a Super Scientist overnight.

"Gimme a minute, I'm tweeting that #climatechange is a hoax, created by the #Chinese!" @POTUS @IvankaTrump 
When the worst happens from climate change, a global catastrophe which causes food shortages, we can tell republicans they were warned.
Trumps incapable of being open minded. His view is limited by personal experience & hes unwilling 2 experience all of life. A #POTUS should!
don't talk down to us on climate change when you and the wealthy are the problem with your private jets and multiple mansions.
Many scientists have spoken of the flawed climate science and they have been silenced. Wake-Up!!! Do not believe the climate Fascist LIES.
He just knows the progressive socialist as yourself.Would just love to enact more laws hurt the poor take freedoms.So you can play God.Sicko

@BernieSanders @HillaryClinton @CNN  & the rest of the liberal hypocrites need to shut up about climate change or start walking every where.

All that matters to Trump is profit. He doesn’t care how many will die in order to bring in more money.
Speaking of science. The  is currently nearing the ens of its 5th ice age. What do you suppose caused all that global warming b4 this?
Stop your lies Comrade!
Show me a crisis
NASA director & CEO of weather channel as well as some scientists (who r not being bribed by the government) say that there is no such thing
So youre saying you dont need our tax money to move forward?? Gonna invest your own money instead of money you stole from others?
you own a private plane that burns a gallon of gasoline each second
We Can Fight This!!  These CEOs Still Remain on Trump’s Advisory Council If You Wish to Boycott Their Companies

Trump has proven to be even a better potus than I expected. 8 years & he'll be named to sainthood.
We all knew the uneducated racist xenophobic homophobic deplorable Trumptards would be in awe with him!
Don't hold back. Open up your heart and let the hate out. It makes you feel bougie.
I think you meant bourgeois, it's French 
(snort) idiots. Surrounded by idiots, aren't we?
sad but true!
As a scientist. I think climate change is the greatest hoax the government has ever perpetrated
The Rapture has happened Rev Sanders. Maybe if you would learn more about business you wouldn't be worth the lowest on capital hill. H/a
You act like you know more than economists so...
Trump is simply doin all the wrong things, if u dont see that u r just fanboys or fangirls with blind eyes
I call Trump out all the time. I can see how his move can be economically beneficial to us so why should I care?
Send Bernie and Al Gore all your money folks. They want it bad!
Have at it! While we take care of immediate threats.
It's nice to be a 1960's communist throw back #BernieSanders
Thank God we have a President who thinks for himself, with the American people as his 1st priority.  Monkey C, monkey do? No thank you.
This was a bad deal.  No matter how many trillions they extort from America, the results R this: impact, two tenths of 1% Celsius by 2100.
i think we should move on without trump, and build green energy and clean up environment on the state and local level.

BBQ BBM n b
Thanks, Bernie....keep the message alive!

shut up. Your hot air is polluting my world .
We love Bernie!! #BERNIE2020
Bernie you don't represent my values
He knows more about not knowing anything.
How will you prevent the next occurrence of what is called "snowball earth?" 4 times already. How do we prevent the 5th?
The paris accord is a huge carbon tax scam and you know it.
trump DON'T CARE ABOUT ANYONE BUT 1%ers AND NEVER WILL.AMERICA NEEDS  DUMP trump/CON MAN AMERICA HATER/SPITE-MAN EGOTISTIC NARCISSISTIC NUT.
The Prez so often contradicts facts.
A/c to him India is responsible for global heating. Fossil fuel per capita being 10 times more in US.
It's been a ludicrous and ridiculous ride - the worst ever. Happy Sunday nevertheless!
Well said
Bernie speaks the truth that the Republicans of today are too ignorant to comprehend!
Climate scientist just discovered that @realDonaldTrump doesn't exist. It's true.
Scientists used to believe that the world was flat too. Whats your point?
We need you Bernie.  Kisses and hugs always from
Alexsandra Rokas.
Bernie I guess you don't think God can handle the crisis
Nicaragua : "90 percent renewable" by 2020." committed even if not signing since believes its not enough.  Syria not due to war!
Now there you Go, be positive not such an ogar!! Shower has done you good!!!
His views do reflect mine!
Nut job
AMERICA LOVES YOU BERNIE
You are insane. Go away already. They have admitted to falsifying documents. Yet you believe the lies.
We are so blessed that we have trump people to secure our country for my grandkids and my children. We stopped your criminals on all turns
It makes me so happy that Donald Trump won by a landslide we stopped you criminals for eight years anyway Ivanka will be the first president
The reason why we have so many crazy criminal Hillary lovers is because we shut down all the insane asylums 40 yrs ago they r the offspring
There is not one country in the world spending one penny or lifting one finger for this nonsense you criminals just want to break the USAsad
That was a short-sighted decision.
He doesnt know more about climate. He knows more about good and bad deals. Anyone who looks into this can see its a garbage deal.

Anyone would have more knowledge than you bsb.
We need more than words and rallies - do something. Support Jerry Brown and the governor's coalition. Take personal action.
Go Bernie you remain our hope
Keep shaking your fist at the weather you senile SOB. Wait, look! There are kids on your lawn!

Plus: to me the carbon tax idea is to make money, lots of money.
Countries like China counter act any positive result simply because they contaminate so much and don't care.
Bernie we can't even solve the problem between Israelis and Palestinians, what make you think we can stop climate change?
About time the states take on their responsibilities and leave the fed to its job defending our borders
Yeah, He knew more than the Generals too. I don't believe him. Get the feeling. He's a BIG know it all who don't know Jack.
Does this status update/sentence even mean anything? It's just so swimming in generic inaneness
Fortunate for you, you won't be around long enough to see if you were right or wrong. So what do you care?
Has anyone asked Bernie to go away yet, and give place to the young blood to move forward or take sole responsibility for his loss?
The only crisis is racist terrorist ldrs like modi won't be getting M $ from USA workers to out source their jobs.Another eg of bernie hate.
#BERNIE2020
How much climate science rationale d'ya suppose fits on 1 sheet w diagrams? "Oh, this again. This' nonsense!" Lol
Rajoy tenía un primo, América tiene un palurdo, Bush tenía un perro en las Azores. what's the next nonsense?
He Certainly knows more about economics than you.
Bernie, coming from the man who has 3 homes and contributes to climate change.
Height of idiocy is when one refuses to acknowledge that one doesn't know what one doesn't know...best way to get stuck in neutral.
Love you Bernie. So with you!
Knock yourself out - but you won't be doing it with my tax dollars! 
You don't listen to the whole scientific community. You listen to the one the Al Gore used to say Miami would be under water in 2012... bias
Use your speech skills to promote clean energy supporters to unite & build their own competitive clean energy grid to outproduce carbon grid
Thank you!
You do know the climate is going to change no matter what humans do or if we even exist or not...right?
Wish he could see what his uneducated decisions will do to his grandchildren's world.
Love Bernie
Another Dem with his hands out for money.
The beginning of decentralisation, slowly but surely removing powers away from the central government
Thank you Senator Sanders. I hope there are more good people in congress who will stand up to Trump and lead us forward.
I doubt that Trump can even spell the word "Science" much less explain any scientific principles?
(Yawn)
This guy can't even stand up straight.
The Paris Accord is all about redistribution of USA's wealth to the rest of the world, and nothing to do with fixing anything.
Agreed.
Norway has 33% electric plug in cars US should be so much further than that
We cannot afford to not take action. With or without our worthless federal government!
He put himself behind forward-thinking people-now let's leave him there

Trump makes the US an identifiable enemy & the rest of the world will see it as a target for treatment as an enemy.
I don't think that's is Bern. I think it's the fact that it will cost the tax payer 4 trillion dollars over the next 4 years.
bs bernie, suggest u read the entire climate change data.  lets debate your faulty position. U r not concerned re jobs as u have never had 1
Donald thinks that the worming of the planet can be reduced lowering air conditionate appliances
Bernie, it is the time to pay for preaching fake issues. You must resign to avoid using tax payers money for private business.
Read the Bible Senator, you believe to much in what the scientific said
" We can solve global warming but can't fix stupid/trump/bannan!!
where is climate change in the constitution? oh that's right, it isnt
Has Bern read view of WeatherChannel starter & investigated data flossing by scientific studies?
Sorry not everyone is buying into your false religion of man made Warming!  Scientific Evidence proves CO2 has little effect
I love you Mr. Sanders!!!! I wish you were our president
Science.....as in there are only two genders?
If you're so concerned run a fund India or China cause thats the only way you'll get them 2 conform 2 agreement is 2 pay them. No taxes paid
Bernie, please have Vermont join the United States climate Alliance
you are great leader.
Still wish u were president
You're crazy Burn. You would have our economy overseen by Europe. You're nuts.
Love you Uncle Bernie 
This not just about profit. It's about Trump and the GOP's absolute hatred of Obama and what he did in office and to eradicate all signs
Who is we? Don't include me.Thanks
Trump's sycophants were applauding during his speech! Nothing to clap about by stepping back!
Go Bernie! #emptyBernie# 
Does anyone know where Trump got the scientific evidence to back up USA leaving the Paris Accord? I mean everybody
 "poops ". What now?
How much did the Clinton foundation pay you to tweet that garbage?
Thousands in the scientific community disagree with you and the conventional wisdom about global warming.
Stop selling out America
Please do . Climate change is as real as Trump's stupidity in denying it . We must do what we can for the future. Trump is not here forever
Trump actually said he knows more than the scientific community?
Time to step up Mr. Sanders. Enough talk. How about some action.
Who is we? Must be you and all those rats in your pockets
trump beliefs come solely from fake news(lies) of which bannon is one of the chief suppliers! Thank you Bernie speaking the truth
Take your Socialism somewhere else . Venezuelans are dying of hunger while elitist government lives large!!!no human compassion!!
Fly commercial airlines,and donate your millions.FED UP

Come on Bernie you sold out. Don't be preaching. Your now part of the problem. Get on the train!
now we know what the last ruler of easter island was like
Survival for planet earth
#mypresident
Small baller. How environmentally friendly are your three houses bro?
You think you know more & don't know anything
#fakescience
Bernie, do something instead of talk...y don't u started your Presidential bid now!
Let's not forget he does have "the best words", like covfefe. I have one that comes to mind,... clusterfuck.
bernie, if you had an army of climate change technitions, you could not stop the awesum power of mother nature, like @potus, u cant touch it
Hate to tell ya Bernie, but he views it the same as you do! He just doesn't view it on a global stage. And he shouldn't! Keep our $'s home!
...and then he'll take credit for it
