if you had actually tried to get HER elected we wouldn't be in this crisis, you helped create this
My hope is that the Republican leadership will examine these studies and junk their current "health care" bill. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jun/27/bernie-s/bernie-sanders-projection-thousands-added-deaths-g/ …
Hillary? She and the corporate dems fucked themselves, Bernie was a better candidate objectively than her
That's why Trump won. He was better than both of them... 
Trump won because he got fucktons more airtime than Bernie, the only drama Bernie had was the "socialist" stigma
Yup the socialist stigma... Which made him a bad candidate.
How so?
Because socialism doesn't work?
In fact, tell me how badly the Nordic countries are doing under democratic socialism
It is not a healthcare bill; it is a death sentence for tens ofmthousands, if not millions.
What was obamacare then?
How did Obamacare kill anyone? It made it illegal to deny people coverage, this does the opposite.
No it just caused deductibles that people couldn't afford rendering their health care useless.
Then you are in agreement with a one payer healthcare system, medicare for all, or healthcare like Congress has for all system?
Nah free market health care. Can you afford it? Great! Can't afford it? Die. And believe me... I could be a victim of my own plan.
But I also believe that it's the way to the cheapest health care. Free market doesn't usually result in higher costs...
This is the problem. You & Dems think GOP are your "friends". They are not even colleagues. They are enemies of progress & the people.
No
No what?
Enemies of progress and the people. 
That's correct. Right wing conservative hypocrite nazi cry babies that want everything their way are the enemy of progress and the people.

Leadership ?
But that would involve admitting that they're wrong
Wanna "hope" something more reasonable and attainable? TF is wrong with you man?!??
Mostly true is good enough for Bernie!!!
At this point, my hope is that Republican leadership (including @realDonaldTrump) will examine ANY legitimate, fact-based studies.
Long term studies are needed before you can project long term effects short term is just that and your good at making these arguments
Peddler of junk science to manipulate the easily programmed who follow you. If only the middle class knew how much you hate them.
My hope for u is to straighten up your always negative comments n try to work with Rep. to pass a reasonable healthcare bill...forget self
@Teapublicanways My hope is that the FBI will file charges against you and Jane.
More phony doom and gloom. Dems loose cause it's always scar tactics the sky is falling.  No one really thinks the Reps want  to kill people
Anyone with a functioning brain KNOWS the Republicans want to kill people.
So u acknowledge we are the leaders?  woot!  u guys are not!
Bernie Sanders has multiple homes a sportscar and his wife committed bank fraud but he wants to lecture us on the greatness of Socialism!!
SENATOR SANDERS THEY KNOW WE NEED GOOD LEGISLATION; BETTER THAN THE ACA !THEY WILL SCRAP IT ;THEY ARE NOT BLIND!
They won't. They'll do backroom deals and or defund medicade in the budget.
Bernie, first they would need to have empathy.  They don't.  They only care about the money that comes from the donor class.
Where was the empathy for the 6.5 million Americans that not only are without insurance they have to pay a fine thanks to obamacare?
As long as we have an insurance marketplace instead of a national healthcare system, people will be disadvantaged.  Medicare for all!
6) through Medicaid.  A program that provides substandard services and has 140 BILLION in annual fraud.
Medicare has 2% administrative cost vs the 17% of private.  It takes money to stop the fraud.  Repubs. would rather bitch than fix
Unfortunately the American people need to see and experience this. They need to see who the R's really are.
What a joke, Politifact is a leftist group pretending to be fact checkers.
@SenSanders I greatly admire and respect you and all that you do, but hopes and dreams aren't getting us anywhere. We need action, now.
Federal healthcare isn't a right fund your own healthcare plan states
You're a fraud and hypocrite, stop spreading
The progressive propaganda and lies to further your socialist agenda
Mostly true??? That's a joke!  This guy's a shark given to severe bouts of hyperbole and deceit starting with owning 3 homes!
We should junk ObamaCare. How is the investigation into your wife going?!? #LiberalLogic
Bankfraudbernie how does anybody believe you are an outright liar it's said
For what another abortion, healthcare money grab scam i can't afford, or qualify for again?  28k for a dogbite, seems legit. #asshatbernie
Mine to! We need Universal Healthcare they want to march us backwards decades to give tax cut to rich.
Are liberal losers going to follow old rich millionaires like Bernie who keep lying to them? Why don't you wake up
We know how Leftwing studies go! Bernie, you're just a Communist in disguise. I'll bet you're buddies with Putin.
We need to junk all govt "healthcare bills"
Give back the college money Bernard.
We can only hope. But it seems to me that America is undergoing a social awareness and the Republicans to some degree will have none of it.
Start with Congress and America people all covered by same bill!!
@PolitiFact is being nice now, but they lied about your ACA role. You added community health center funding to it.
$900 a month premiums and $9000 deductibles been studied because that is what your sorry ass leftist obamacare gave the middle class
"Liberal center" "adapted results" "op-ed" "ignored smoking and obesity" hmmm
Let's have the CBO score Obamacare as it is today and then compare plans
It's actually wealthcare.
My hope is you'll pay your taxes
Kill the Bill
My hope is that you surrender one or more of your houses before you go back on the Socialism rants again.

Your economic policies cause more deaths
An op-ed and "not a peer-reviewed study" make this mostly true?  Oh politi-fact, you yet again need to learn what facts are. 
Help your wife
My hope is u go to jail
Delusion.  They want us "to die and decrease the surplus population."
Universal Health Care for all USA citizens. Keep it up Bernie!
In a line from Christmas Carol Rs are interested  in "DECREASING THE SURPLUS POPULATION"
Politifact also thought Trump would won, OOPS! #BankFraudBernie
Hahaha politi"fact"...
My hope is that Reps & Dems set aside their petty political differences &, stop trying to WIN but work together for good healthcare for ALL
My hope is too but, logic says they don't care and will try to pass a #healthcare bill that harms #Americans
#FakeNews. Politifact is owned by by the left. Your master, the clintons are on the board of it's parent company.
The President: "Had a great meeting with Republican leadership. A swell bunch of guys. You will love this health care bill." LOL HaHa HaHa
It's mostly true. That is still a lie by the way.
Isn't it time to state that Repugs and Corp Dems simply DON'T CARE? No point appealing to reason or morals. They have neither.
I say free health care taken from taxed employers and employer and cut the Damn insurance all together
I thought it was already junk
Sadly, they think the poor deserve to die.
How is it that a person who preaches against the establishment, own family is in trouble with an FBI investigation over fraud?
Where's those tax returns? How's that federal investigation going?
Americans hope you will stop spending like the Venezuelan government and stealing from our kids.
You would have been better at being the President than this, what ever you want to call this guy in office now.
Bernie liar, Bernies financial fraud is without consequences, liberals are crooks, hillary yellow cake with russians.
Choice, Bernie, choice.  Why do you want to control everyone?
it's the survival of the fetus republicans don't have a choice they are following orders they need to sacrifice Americans to keep their jobs
We would love to see the Democrats get involved and work together with the Republicans,  for the people. How can you complain?
My hope is that the FBI reveals what 2 faced fraud you are and junk your hack job political career #BankFraudBernie
Aren't you and your wife under investigation? Or is it just your wife? Dishonest Bernie..
How about stirring yr ppl re: trump acting like strongman
I hope they junk it too. #FullRepeal #RepealObamacare repeal and replace with nothing Deregulation will drive competition up and prices down
You must be nuts. Prices up never down
My hope is that you move to Venezuela a socialist paradise and commit bank fraud there. #BankFraudBernie
Truth-o-meter erred.  Bernie's comment was 100% true.  He said thousands, every study confirmed thousands.
Shouldn't you be in meeting with your lawyers?
It's my hope that you own up to what happened to the $10 million. #Bernie4Prison
THIS (R) CONGRESS DOESN’T GIVE A DAMN ABOUT THE PEOPLE!! IT IS ALL ABOUT SAVING THEIR OWN (HIDE)!! NO VOTE TILL AFTER THEIR BRAKE! COWARDS!!
Single-payer or bust Bernie!
NOW you're pissing me off Sanders.
you'd have to be insane or pretending to think there's any logic to their evil bullshit.
GET SERIOUS!
I've been writing my Congressman to repeal the ACA and not replace it. Free Market baby.
Worst thing ever
Its scary making your own way in the world.
Haven't been able 2 shake our anger&disgust at GOP 4 badgering Sen Heller&other GOP's 4 their genuine concern re harmful AHCA.
You and wife are not in jail, yet?  You are a fraud and political hack.  Just leave stolen money, thief!
why would they do that when they're being paid and incentivized otherwise? @FoxNews is defacto running this country.

#MedicareForAll
You do a good impression of a parrot, you only say things that you've been taught.
My junk says Bernie hang it up. #MAGA #TrumpTrain. #TheRealDonaldTrump.
Healthcare is not a right! Single payer does not work as proven by the VA.
I hope they junk Obamacare too.
All small business owner 19 years, the ACA was the only affordable way  for me to offer coverage to my employees. One **will**die without...
All the time this man & Schumer have been in Washington & health care is a mess; why would anyone want to listen to this guy?
Bernie UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION FOR BANK FRAUD!  What a liar!!!  Feel the Bern!
I'm thrilled that there is actual statistical backup, but common sense says that the numbers had to be up there with an additional 22 m off
Always good to have hope but good luck with that.
What's that, bank fraud Bernie? Can't hear you without your hand and arms waving.
Bernie u better start worrying about that FBI investigation into u and ur wife's fraud
My hope is the Democratic leadership will examine these studies and tell us how THEY plan to fix the #ACA. #WheresTheDemsPlan
Only because it takes the penalty away. I don't need to be bullied into buying health insurance. I did that on my own, I am a GROWNUP!
My hope is that Bank Fraud Bernie is prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
For "free" healthcare for all you'd have to start taxing the 47% that pay no taxes now, aka your voters. Are you prepared to do that?Bet not
Maybe the Dems should embrace progressives & support them as much as they suck up to their GOP establishment "friends".
Will you forfeit one of your mansions to the government to avoid prison? #fraud
Hell- the Dems are not even your friends. They fear progress and change just as much as GOP it seems.
I can't stand politifact! But I love Bernie! #Medicare4All #SinglePayer #ACA
These R not "friends". They don't work with you. They worked 8 years straight against @BarackObama because he was not white. Simple & plain
Don't hold your breath. They are willing to let literally MILLIONS die so that billionaires can get tax cuts on investment income.
Let? They want.
Stop acting like the GOP isn't partisan obstructionists w/a base of ignorant racists & financial backing if corrupt greedy elite.
That was the plan from the beginning.  Strategic business plan. Find out the hot points and adjust.
How about an apology for the Russia collision push?
#MAGAmorons #AllGrammarMatters
People like Bernie exist because of morons who support his false ideals and trickery logic #underinvestigationforfreud
#TheDumbingDownOfAmerica #Idiocracy #PrayTheDumbAway
 single payer. Everyone pays their own bills!
Mr. Slanders
My hopes you are convicted for bank fraud!
#bankfraudbernie
With a decrease in the number of people insured coupled with budget cuts to public health; it is a recipe for disaster!
@senrobportman @SenCapito @SenJoniErnst TRUE, Trumpcare WILL result in deaths  just to give the rich more. THX for your courage to say NO
How does it feel to be  on by the Dems during election? Now you are still a backer of them. it shows you have no values. Plus your a crook
My hope is that both sides work together to solve a very real issue instead of capitalizing on this as a political gain.
#BoughtOutBernie 
#BeachHouseBernie 
Your supporters should junk you for being a fraud, sell out, and hypocrite
#BankFraudBernie 
my bet is the republicans make the bill even worse to lure in the holdouts, then pass it without even needing pence.
Y do u not pay your fair share? 13% in federal taxes and where's the ten million?
Hey Bank Fraud Bernie, my hope is that you and wifey go to prison for taking $6.7 million and not paying back one dime!
 BERNIE2020
When your wife is found guilty of bank fraud will you ask Trump to pardon her?
Don't count on it
Medicare insolvency if Obamacare repealed
We are with you senator, thank you for all ur hard work!!!
So what your telling me is that with Obamacare NOBODY dies. It's a cure all?
How many deaths were there in the 19 states without Medicare expansion over the last four years?
Wasn that decided by the republican officials of each state ?
@GOP only interested in studying their bank acct statements after deposits from BIG$$ donors like Koch bro's
Many more of us r concerned about direction GOP is taking-Away from the needs of American & 2interests!
Any thoughts on setting up a nation-wide single payer KAISER-TYPE plan???
 have been a member for over 40 years, am 81yrs old & in gd health
Keep it up! Thank you.
Jane is making u a" fleece " sweater for xmax
They won't so it's up too the people to stand up & shout. Contact Repub officials in your states. Tell them to vote NO! Go to townhalls.
We need a whole 60 Minutes program devoted to how Single Payer Can & Will Work! The time is now! 
#SinglePayerMedicareFor All
Bernie you're such a sweet talker.

 politifact is  a fake organization
My hope is that you end up in jail for bank fraud
After everything you have witnessed how the hell can you have any hope that this would ever happen. I love you but those are pipe dreams.
What ?
These findings by proven leftwing hacks are in totally agreement with my projections!
@InSpiteOfTrump @PolitiFact I have a hard time supporting someone who changed tickets just to run an then trashes that party!
My hope is you and your wife will be jailed for bank fraud.
