It is cruel and immoral to rob Americans of the fruits of their labor simply to gain votes from the gullible and grow government
It's to make our community healthier so everyone can contribute
It IS cruel&immoral to rob Americans of fruits of labor by stealing their healthcare to give tax cuts to 1% wealthy and grow military $700BN
Agree on the military part, they can go purchase their own Healthcare and stop forcing me to foot the bill
Wait, you are footing the bill? Isn't that how insurance works? benefits for the many? Would you rather foot the bill for wealthy tax cuts?
I believe taxation is legalized theft so the wealthy tax cuts don't bother me

The subsidies are paid for via the tax payer
Societies cost money, look at the tax rates when this great Nation and middle class thrived
There is a case to be made for not taxing income but much higher fees/taxes would have to replace; sales, usage, etc
It's cruel and immoral to say to Americans "You are mandated by law to purchase insurance that you cannot afford to use".
No, it's not
Maybe in your world. Let me guess...California to Austin transplant?
Native Texan, did live in California for a while, back to Texas, loved it there
The "pro-life" party's stance on health care
Who made these people dependent on the system?
Um...there's always been a system. Is your health care pay as you go? If so, what's your plan for catastrophic/chronic illness?
A healthcare will ALWAYS have people dependent on it. The very nature of healthcare.
I don't get why conservatives live in such terror of someone benefiting from something they pay into. That's how insurance works!
They just don't want to see anyone realize a collective benefit. It runs counter to the Randian wet dream of total selfishness.
No that's not it.
It's also cruel NOT to send immediate aid to Puerto Rico & US Virgin Islands. Where is FEMA? Where is the help to restore electricity?
FEMA is there and so is the Navy.
Thanx for info but are they all over the island or only in San Juan?
All updates are on the FEMA website.
Thanks was just checking it out.
No problem
Trump actually signed the approval to send all femas available resources before the hurricane hit.
Lots of different branches helping
Pivot to Puerto Rico for a second. Thanks, Fellow American
Given that the deadline on the healthcare bill is 5 days away, someone needs to keep the focus on the Lindsay-Graham bill as well.
Understood but Americans have no food, shelter or drinking water right now and Oct 2nd is way too far off for aid.
Why is the NAVY SHIP LOADED WITH MEDICAL PERSONNEL & SUPPLIES SITTING THERE WITH VERY FEW PATIENTS?? DRINKING CONTAMINATED WATER!! FEMA???
Love it!!! I'm being good with what I say...I got suspended from Twitter for 12 hours, because I was being Abusive to Trump!! His Rants OK!
Sorry u had to go through being suspended.We've disagreed on some stuff b4,but silencing sm1 is NEVER ok...not u,not any1,even #DotardTrump
Senator, the chronically I'll need an advocate and someone to defend their right to ease their pain
The insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies are ripping us off.  Republicans orchestrated the entire thing so the ACA would fail.
? ACA went down party lines. How did they orchestrate something they didn't vote for?

The ACA dis that to me already.
Truth!...We need leaders like you!
https://www.gofundme.com/nursing-school-for-a-single-mother …
Isn't your goal to take my heath insurance away and put me on a government plan?
Thank you Bernie! Stage 4 and going back to work. It's ridiculous I have to argue for my life.
And so is telling the chronically I'll that it's all in your mind and you shouldn't take these meds.
Ins Co. keeps taking choices away from me and I have long waits to receive care! Single payor care can't scare me!
Why don't you put them on your health care an.
Americans are the opposite of United. Perhaps it is time to simply divide the states. We cannot agree. Nor survive divisive corporate crazy.
It is cruel and unusual to make peoples health care premiums so high you cannot afford to use your own insurance
My inhaler isn't covered. $357 out of pocket. Grow up, shut up and fix it. #ObamaCareSux
There you go again Bernie. They can just buy it cheaper and without a gun to their head if they choose to. It's called Freedom. Look it up.

Health insurance doesn't keep you alive, medical care does. One doesn't equal the other.
Glad to hear you've never had cancer.  I have.  One does equal the other.
Sorry to hear about your cancer. No, it doesn't. Ask anyone who pays thru the nose in premium and can't see a doc bc their ded is so high
Morality went up under the ACA. You're trading 1 life for 2 while driving the country further into insolvency.
Isn't driving their economy down
And yes all spending is. We're currently insolvent. Total spending is leading to this as we don't bring enough in to offset our bills
As i previously mentioned Canada's economy has improved nearly 75% in 20 years and health care is not going to bankrupt their nation
75% since cutting spending 6 to 1 as I stated
And their tax rate is higher. More revenue less expenses. We have to do both. That's what i meant b4
Wtf does that matter based on this convo? You said it got better due to UHC. It got better bc they cut taxes 6 to 1 as part of it.
No I'm saying UHC hasn't blown up their economy and they have become stronger $ per $ than us with UHC. Yet we are insolvent & dont have it
All the health in the world won't keep you alive forever. You are making a stupid comment that doesn't improve anything. Oh alright you are
Health insurance does NOT keep me alive! Staying physically fit has kept me from ever needing HC! Lazy-ass/Sedentary= obesity/illness/death
"Take away" cookie cut health insurance plans few wanted and none can afford to use while raising costs for everyone else? Do it #Pandering
Only you have said that replace it with something better
No, it was cruel and immoral to lie to millions of Americans, "You can Keep your current healthcare and doctors"
Really fool, then for 241 years, America has been cruel. This is about insurance, not healthcare.
Insurance doesn't keep you alive.... health keeps you alive. Don't confuse the two.
It’s also cruel to force us to pay for shit we don’t want. Why should I pay thousands and thousands in fines for being healthy?
Healthcare helps keep people alive. Insurance doesn't do that. And certainly the non affordable care act definitely doesn't.
That's what you Dems did to us with your lies about Obamacare!
They're gonna lose it anyway
Commie.
Thank you Bernie Sanders!!!
Especially since it isn't true
GOP would say, why? Trump did prove that the amount of money spent on TV is a waste of money, HRC spent 200 million on TV ads
Hey Sanders you got all these young ppl on your side craft a solid tweeter acct to push your Health care. Get modern
Like Canada Australia gives free medical. This country's god is so selfish
So what are you doing about it? We are on ground fighting to survive and see only verbiage-  where is the Trump Impeachment, where is voice?
I hope those who voted for It get sick and can't afford help. Except children.
Socialized medicine may help you with low information voters but we as a people do not want to repeat failed states.  Read their histories
You are a lier
and then cut taxes!
Inhuman as well as UnAmerican.
It is cruel and immoral to say to millions of Americans, "Donald Trump is our POTUS"
May the asses of those supporting that be kicked off the Congress quickly and strongly !
Ur a liar.

$1900 per month with a $15,000 deductible. Obamacare already showed what cruel and immoral looks like.
It's cruel and immoral that we should even have to say so, all because of anti-magic money. Money can't be used in surgery, no quarter slot.
Fix Obamacare. It's not the time to overhaul again. Fix pricing
You did fail to mention that the reason Obama care was failing was because it was sabotaged by Republicans
It IS cruel & immoral to say to Americans  we are stealing your healthcare to give tax cuts to 1% wealthy and give military $700 BILLION
Another left lie!!!
Not so much cruel and immoral as it is delusional and untrue.
Thank you Bernie for fighting for Americans. The Americans that keep this country going and not the interests of the rich and corporations
But if you can't use it or afford it then what good is it
Weather we can afford it or not
@SenSanders  You're the only sane human left Senator Sanders, What can we do when the #Idiots blindly obey #Chump  #ImScared  #AndGreatAtSex
Speak it louder and louder Speak it from the mountain top let the humane spirit that keep America great Be louder than Trump who is selfish
Christopher and I thank you!!
Hey everyone, I started a fundraising campaign for Hurricane Maria devastation!. Please tap to donate-
Why do u keep lying ?
But that's not what is being said is it Mr Sanders, you seem to be suffering from selective hearing...a common problem in this world eh.
Give the taxpayers the same benefits as the congressmen whose healthcare we pay!
Because of obama care.  A lot of us don't have coverage now.  Like me
Why don't you pay my almost 700$ bill for last months visit to cardiologists, and the one for the visit today.
Mr. Sanders continue to stand firm.
Your ego first
@sfpelosi If you would it done the right thing on election time we wouldn't need to go thru this
How about those of us that don't have it i now because of obama care.
Then get out of healthcare.
Gotta give it up for ADAPT. They have balls. I am so grateful for their being there.
I'm assuming then you'll be donating the thousands of medical devices needed to keep up with demand.
No bozo Bernie it's cruel to make hundreds of millions of Americans insurance to double in price.
Health care and insurance companies don't work in America
Disillusion to think that more Americans have coverage w/ObamaCare than not. Implosion imminent.
no but since the Left favors "choice" so much, how about letting me choose my own healthcare in a free market not a govt mandate
if you really care this much use your own money and pay for the millions  your self ore just shut up all ready ask hillary for a lone!!!
"Take Away", plz we've Never had HC,it's been Crumbs, 
In my opinion the insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies need to be investigated for antitrust laws.
Dems took away my great health ins when you passed the ACA bill I didn't hear concern from you then .....
It’s DOA now. Bang, Bang, they shot it down,  Bang,Bang, right to the ground..
It needs to be known the Rep are only doing this for their Donors to get their tax cuts promised Rep don't care about killing us Americans
Health insurance doesn't keep you alive. Medical professionals do. Hospitals can not refuse treatment just because a patient can't pay.
Pay your fair share dirtbag!
PLEASE KEEP SAYING THIS --- TO THEIR FACES. TO THEIR CHILDREN.
You keep confusing the words care and insurance.  They are not interchangeable.
Agreed, and turning health care over to states is a slap in the face. Healthcare should be equal for all. #HealthCareReform
I agree. I dunno what Obamacare exactly is,but for one president give U healthcare, you feel YEAH! -next president say NO WAY JOSE' -U die
scrum
Where were you 10 years ago. You're funny, Bernie.
It is disgusting! Dump stupid Trump 
Strawman argument: no one is saying that.
Is it even possible for insurance to keep someone alive? Wouldn't that be the job of life insurance?
It is way past time for our country to reform health insurance to basic and necessary coverage single-payer Medicare for all.
stay on message, Bernie!
we see the DNC and Jeanne Shaheen trying to "appear" like tbey give s crap.
They don't.
Medicare for all...bring it
I'm so grateful for Obama care, before it I was tired of stepping over all those dead bodies in the streets
What about the people who can't afford Obamacare, Bernie? So they just go without it. Don't they count too?  Seems to me that's immoral too.
Senator .... with your help it just isn't going to happen
The main reason for this medical care insurance fiasco is the highway robbery by medical institutions circles .Fix the cause not symptoms.
It's very sad we live in a country where our leaders do not understand this.
Mandating a penalty fee for those that couldnt afford it in the first place is cruel and immoral. How is your health care Bernie?
I think you have health insurance confused with healthcare. Which is not being taken away. Hmm.
Thank you Bernie
It's outragious, in a country like ours.  Embarrassing.
ACA is making it happen by itself, Blue Cross of Georgia pulls out of ACA, it's dead here, DEMs & GOP to blame for no insurance
#HealthInsurance has NEVER EVER kept anyone alive. #HealthCare often does. #HealthInsurance does not equal #HealthCare.
Why do Senators get a different plan than what you're forcing us to use?  One set of rules for the elites & another for everyone else. #MAGA
It is cruel and immoral to compel free people, by force of law, to provide insurance for others.
But they'll get freedom! The freedom to choose not to buy something they can't afford
I agree.  I wish you guys had thought about how immoral Obamacare was   when you passed it w/o debate, and tore our insurance apart.
I respect your work to break up the insulin monopoly.  But can you not understand how middle class families have been harmed by O Care?
Bernie, do you know we cannot provide care for our type 1 diabetic child now?  Do you know we can't buy the expensive insulin he needs?
How's the progress on DACA??
Then fix it and stop complaining!
I havnt been able to afford to go to Dr for several years. But oh yea I am paying for those that don't work.
You're completely wrong with that statement. I like you, but please don't exaggerate things.
It is criminal!!!
Your Logical Fallacy is Appeal to Emotion/Pity
My health insurance won't cover my allergy medicine or my inhalers it's outrageous I have to suffer because I can't afford an 800$ inhaler
Bernie at least tell the truth
Also cruel and immoral for health insurance premiums to be so high I have been without all year. 13M stand losing, how many forced out?
Single payer is the only way to go....too late for anything else.
Trump doesn’t feel our pain
It's cruel to further tax Americans that live paycheck-to-paycheck for a Ponzi scheme that transfers insurance costs from elderly to youth
When are we going to about Puerto Rico People r desperate. Guess Trump thinks there is no importance  that Americans r dying there
Go Bernie! we got this! The People are behind you! This is not a radical idea.#MedicareForAll
See i need to pay my rent my utilities and buy food and take care if my kid and i got to have fuel to go to work.
I cant fit your communist bullshit in my life.
Has Bernie EVER actually tweeted from this account or is it a constant stream of repetition by socialist minions?
Amen. How can we make millions of people bcum kind.The only thing I can think of is moral Leadership comes from from the top &there is none
Amen, Brother Bernie! AMEN!!!
And yet 't were darling GOP that cursed Dems for "death panels"
Time for a senate cleans. Bernie should go first.
It's not taking it away Bernie, it's merely changing the funding mechanism.
Its also cruel to raise health insurance for 10s of millions to pay for the millions
You took away our shot at credible president and government by nadering us at the polls. How do you sleep? @AttorneyHerman Immaturity hubris
No kidding! The ACA is a real dumpster fire.
It's cruel to place working people out of the market place and fine them if they can't afford ins that in reality gives only catastrophic
My prem went up $75/mo my deductible from 1K to 6K. I can't afford to go to the dr and pay out of pocket. Thanks, Bernie.

Instead we should take away from college students their right to an education because people commit fraud and force colleges to close down!
Stop spreading your socialist bs
No name calling here, you did it to yourself!
And it's not cruel for all of us who are healthy and can't afford to pay for those you describe must find a way to pay for them?
It provided millions with healthcare. How's that repeal effort coming along? 
Keep your doctorkeep private insurance company and lower premiums. HOW MANY ARE LIES.? ALL 3 ARE LIES AND MANY MORE. HOW MANY LOST COVERAGE
It's cruel and immoral to take from one group of people to fund the political promises of another.
Dear Senator please explain why my http://H.Insurance  went from $4800/yr in 09 to $22k/yr &$8k Deduct? For less coverage
It's not just cruel and unusual. Please start calling it what it really is. GENOCIDE.
Actuall, ACA is genocide and cruel and unusual punishment given you pay thousands a year and then can’t afford to use it to see a doctor.
Bernie..maybe you help me? I have so much that has happened to me. BAD BAD BAD gtgings. I have records too..but no 1 cares
Why? I lost my insurance. Comp can't afford it. Couldn't qualify for mktplc. My son's meds are exp. But ins is 2400/mo. For my fam.
Love Bernie
We don't want health insurance. We want healthcare.
Expand Medicare, get with the world.
Health insurance keeps you alive? How did the species ever get this far?
In addition I can even use my premium towards a tax credit. Now how screwed am I getting.
My monthly premium payment for 1 female 649.00 and doctors will not take the Obama insurance.
It current health insurance under the Obama administration keeps me broke which will eventually kill me.
Perfect fit for GOP/trump
Healthcare in the hands of the government, sounds great, you know since the VA was ran so well nothing could go wrong.
Why did they just add to the military when it could have paid for health care?
you already did you Yogi Bear sound alike fool!!! You voted for that shit Obamacare and thousands dropped ins because they cant afford it
@SenSanders give me a million dollars. If you don’t you’re cruel and immoral.
Moreover premiums keep spiking a what appears to be record pace. We need to do better.
Health insurance doesn't keep you alive. It helps to pay for the healthcare that does.
Agree.  Still system needs to get fix. I have patients with Obamacare and I can't get them dme or home health. No one wants to accept it
well they are doing it
And stick your socialist agenda up your a$$
@GeoffMiami it is murder
Don't you have ANYTHING better to do? Like hire a good defense team for your wife??? Shut up already, enough is enough.
Still a commie
When GOP ask “How will we pay for Bernie’s Plan “, tell them the same way we will pay for tax cuts for the wealthy.
Who said that and when
It is cruel to force the middle class to be tied to Government single payer and not have freedom to choose.
Liar! Been in the health care industry for yrs. You're toxic & a fraud. You could care less! You do not know what you're talking about .
