Help end capitalism then.
the problem is not capitalism here, the problem is crony financial parasites. other capitalist countries regulate this problem well
The problem is we have too many corrupt career politicians, like @SenSanders, focused on lining their own pockets! #GreedyBernie
lol!

there seems to be a troll account for every angle under the sun

pretty weak dude
Nope! Bernie was flat broke before his political career! Now he's a millionaire and owns 3 luxury homes! He's a con artist! #GreedyBernie
you seem to be talking about trump. empty projection: another troll move. but still weak. try harder, let's see the next smear. good luck!
Nope! President Trump made his money in the private sector! Bernie made his fortune from a tax payer funded salary! #GreedyBernie
#BankFraudBernie! Please resign and end your corrupt political career! Enough is enough!
Who pays you and how much? I will join you in your fake crusade against Bernie if the pay is good. I want my pay upfront though.
The only payment I receive is the satisfaction from exposing corrupt career politicians like Bernie for the frauds they are! #GreedyBernie
thank you Bernie!
Hey #moron they gouge the US citizen because our #government forces them to sell the same #drugs to third world countries under cost!
#truth
Good lord grumpy where do you come up with that? MAGA brochure?
Drug costs & agreement with NATO to provide 3rd world countries with life saving drugs pennies on the dollar.  Freedom of information act
Then why do other industrialized countries pay less than we do? 

Because they negotiate the prices down, which the USA does not do.
No it is all decided by a counties ability to pay & and we are viewed as one  of the richest countries in the world. Do some due diligence
Sure. That's why Canada and all of EU pay less than us. They're not poorer than we are. Nice try.
Your background is unclear ; is it US flag ? Is it ?
I'm rejecting corporate contributions. The drug co's have 1100 lobbyists, more than 2 for each member of congress. #SinglePayer #PharmaBro
Bernie, you're stealing your ideas from trump. Hes,been at this over a year now. Bernue get in the know guy
Have you ever tried saying something nice? Jesus (or whatever you believe), go smoke something gramps
Keep fighting for us your my Hero
Bernie is fighting for his bank account! #GreedyBernie
You no nothing about the cost of R & D and you don't know what Americana means. So glad you're a US senator. *eye roll
That isnt a complete argument , explain yourself better
It's Twitter. GFY.
But nevermind that , the deal is that reaseach abd developement is heavily subsidized
would be nice to see Bernie go after insurance companies like he does the drug companies. They make a fortune denying services.
why are premiums so high? In large part so the CEOs can make multi-million dollar annual bonuses while they deny services to pts
where is your outrage? At least drug cos make products pts need. Insurance companies just say NO to their customers.
take a look at insurance CEO comp and then drug maker CEO comp. It doesn't compare. Insurers make a lot more $ at expense of pt.
Big Pharm is known for suppressing real medical breakthroughs so they can keep selling their drugs. Don't be fooled.
I never said they don't have their issues. But the health care woes in this country aren't the fault of pharma. Big insurance much worse.
Single Payer is the only answer. Bernie has abandoned that. Bernie SOLD OUT!
When single payer happens, you lose care due to the unnecessarily HUGE government infrastructure that won't talk to you or care about you.
We should remind you to check in on your friends in Venezuela occassionally.
Venezuela is a shit hole , because the goverment used fascist tactics to let the people accept its undermining of democracy , and eventually
No shareholder profit if it comes with social loss!
Good luck. The rich white men only care about MONEY & POWER! So sad. So evil. So unamerican, so unchristian....
silly useless buffoon
The old man who screwed his supporters
How about: The days of govt making new drug introduction cost $billions must come to an end.
Two chances of ending pharma price gouging
Serious question (hating $$$ scrips): what's the motivation for creating new drugs without $?  Doctor's too for that matter?
When will the days of you gouging Americans for three houses ever end?
We demand the CDC do a Comparative Study of Unvaccinated kids with Vaccinated victims of Big Pharma   Ya for Ohio.
Takes a thief to know a thief!
I t
Bernie, in Australia, the Govt (TGA)buys medicines in bulk, and negotiates the price. I pay $5 for salbutamol 4 Asthma, in USA it's $50 why?
Congress outlaws competition, that's why.
But isn't it "government of the people, by the people, for the people", its wrong when u have to pay 10x price when it's made in America?
For sure! The entire pharmaceutical industry must be regulate, even if it means Tom Prices's stock goes down!
3 house fraud
do you legit have on notifications for bernie so you can quickly spam anti bernie talking points?
Why won't our representatives make this happen?! The time is NOW
Insurance companies pay them not to.
Agreed - it's a no brainer
Bernie has sold out as well. So pathetic. Progressives never have a voice in this country.
You just can't stand the free market can you Bern?
Hell yes! $899.99 copay for MS medication. Who tf has that kind of $$? 
Pharma drives prices . Life vs greed
Just look at yourself. Your a crazy old man with crazy thoughts
Then gut the FDA
Really!!!  Tell us, are you on OBAMA CARE? If not, then why not?
Do you buy your meds or just have what you need sent in from CO. or CA. ?
Like the ACA?
I could purchase it if I wanted to for $700.00. I did not respond because I was in shock. Why is any medication costing this much.
I just had my face cracked at the pharmacy trying to get Clobex to treat my skin issues. The insurance would not cover this medication. But
Similar to the millions u & Congress takes from the taxpayers that pays 73% in subsidies on your Cadillac insurance plans Bernie,, thieves
Ocare stinks Bank Fraud Bernie. I had to divorce my wife and marry a 25 yr old to get affordable care. 
So then why didn't you vote for prescription drug reform? Big pharma is paying you
A fair price is what the market will bear - not what Bernie pulls out his backside. Price fixing never works in the long run.
Then end Congress created regulations and drug laws that handed them a competition killing oligopoly.  Stop treating symptoms. Remove tumor.
YES! I'm on Enbrel for RA that runs $60,000 retail/yr.  I'm afraid to retire soon cause Medicare won't pay & I can't afford it without ins.
system that I am grateful to have for serving my country. /4
Prices to be negotiated and lowered,doctors would be charged same amount  instead of3 outrageous charges. It would be similar to the VA /
on Medicare let them get their own supplemental plan this would decrease American cost to ins co. Would save medicare medicaid,cause drug /2
Having a single payer plan would solve so many problems. It would save medicare & all the baby boomers who will be retiring. Put everyone /1
#HealthcareIsAHumanRight #MedicareForAll
Soon we hope.
Ummmm- you misspelled AMERICA
.America needs MORE taxpayer funded government run medical research laboratories so We the People OWN patents to new drugs.
People like you shouldn't have a seating the oval office. Your kinds of people have too much influence already. #greedy #arrogant
What have you actually done besides pontificate over and over again? Not much..
You can't honestly believe all the puke that you spew, do you?
Are they forcing government regulation of their greed? Pharm Co just can't stop themselves from excessive price gouging for profit!
Jesus I wish you were the president mr sanders I was pulling for you because of your common sense because our law makers seem to be missing
Single payer period!
But @CoryBooker and @TheDemocrats said it was unsafe to import drugs from a 3rd world country like Canada, are you sure they're safe
Go Bernie, thank you!!  Don't leave us please!!
How about stopping those Muslim sites that sell drugs with no prescription such as  the site called "safe drugs"
That what Obamacare did Bernie. U voted for it. They probably give u campaign $. Why do u take subsidises to pay for your insurance?
Love that.... but they're the new mob, you may wake up with a horse head in your bed
And yet, it won't. Same for banks, oil companies, Wall St, & insurance companies. They run this country. US Gvmt is a pawn.
To pay the top 15 in HEALTH CEO's the bill is $300 000 000!!!! SICKENING!  Ripping AMERICA OFF!!!
https://twitter.com/StudentoflifeMD/status/872929138931376133 …
FINE THEM, OPEN AN ACCOUNT LIKE SSI - USE THIS ACCOUNT FOR THE 1S WHO NEED HEALTHCARE LIKE I DID FROM BAD DRUGS, WILL NOT DRAIN THE SSI ACCT
Absolutely - we need to regulate pricing in that industry, increase competition and regain the power to negotiate nationwide!

Well getting rid of patent laws and the FDA.  Less government would solve this.  Opposite of what you want of course.
Let's now funnel that money to insurance companies..
It's called capitalism and it's what has made this country the most powerful nation in earths history
ZZzzZzZzzzzzzzzzz
How'd you pay for your several homes?
I'm tired of reading critical comments that attempt to discredit Sanders & his supporters, when Sanders is one of very few standing up 4 us.
Agreed. http://grandmathunder.com/2017/07/understanding-affordable-healthcare/ …
Yeah we get it your crotchety and feisty old guy that hates rich people ....except... you're ... rich...awkard
Contrast @SenSanders proposal with Hillarious @HillaryClinton who initiated just 3 bills in 8 Senate years to name buildings and a highway
2b accurate, you're taking taxpayer $. They're given it (also by u).
Finally sonething I agree with
Go Bernie
We miss you Bernie!!
Then legalise drugs. It's not difficult.
Bernie you are the people your proposal for healthcare is relevant economically sound curtailing high prices from drug companies
I agree with that: and how about putting an end to hard illegal drug pusher in the U.S. as well.  We could end easily!
This has got to stop. Nowhere else in the world is this ALLOWED TO HAPPEN!
My issue is that Bernie doesn't have to use Obamacare and pay the premiums we do.
Only one gouging is you.  How's your model country that you spoke so highly of, Venezuela?  Go home to VT & let higher IQ folks govern
Thank you for trying to help us.
Or, the days of allowing politicians to gouge Americana after taking TRILLIONS in tax payer money must end!
Senator answer one question - why do politicians keep providing "billions in tax breaks"?  What are you all getting in return?
Tellirson belong to the Oligarchs
Venezuela is invaded for the Oligarchs. Venezuela has the right being a Free Country
Why did Bernie support giving insurance company taxpayer substitute?
Get 'em, Senator!
End capitalism now! Free stuff for everyone. Expropriate all mansions for the homeless. 100% inheritance tax over $1000. Power to the people
You're a legend Bernie
That statement sounds presidential. Maybe @realDonaldTrump can pick up some pointers from you. He sure needs them.
How would you pay for all your talk? Education, health care, defense) Tell us where the money comes from and then I can take you seriously.
Bernie Liberal Losing Hypocrite, stop with the media bites and promises and show us HOW!!!
All allowed. Y the rules written by democrats to get the drug companies to fund their campaigns.
Like the government can do better? 20 trillion ring a bell?
How do you pay for it?
Bernie is becoming an omnipresent bore. Too much leftover campaign cash to spend
Will you help the next Democrat candidate for election in 2020?
BUT YOU DRIG DEALERS TAKING AMERICANS MONEY AND LIVES

I agree
The days of senators and congressmen taking millions from their lobbyists needs to be ended too. You are as much to blame as they are
A lot of $ is needed 2 develop a safe drug. However there is a lot of waste n redundency in  Pharma. Also too high salaries n comps of CEOs
The days of allowing politicians to gouge Americana after taking billions in taxpayer money must end!
Time to retire
Why didn't the democrats did that with Obamacare? Oh, forgot,  democrats get large sums of money from those companies.  Hypocrite!!!

Drug makers fund the elections of both Dems & Repubs Your legislation #ACA is always in their favor Where is the campaign finance reform?
Totally agree, why continue to make americans subsidize the drug research when Canada and Europe should be help share the R&D cost
Price ceilings only cause more pain to the working class in the long run.
I agree with that Bernie
Bernie finally agreed: BUILD THAT WALL!
I don't agree with you much Bernie, but I do on this one.  This is the fight you need to fight.
So you're supporting removing the barriers to competitors causing the free market to reduce prices, right? Oh wait.. you wanna regulate more
How's the fraud case going
I travel to Mexico to get antibiotics that cost up 500% more in US!
Ban tv ads! We banned cigs & "drinking" alcohol.  U "NEED" a Dr's script 2 get them. So, T.v. ads 4 them must be banned. Save mil$ on advti$
Agree!!!!
This is huge if he gets this through
#tRumpNOcare #RESIST #INSIST #PERSIST #OurRevolution #WeWillPREVAIL #IMPEACH45 #SPEAKUPLOUDANDCLEAR #STILLSANDERS #IMPOTENThouse&senate
The days of Congressional Members making millions and paying only 13% in taxes must end.
You're one of the many that caused this!!
Must? Will End!!!!!
Bernie you really need to retire - you have lost your mind and are dragging a bunch of snowflakes with you
Stop the pill ads on TV!
Price controls now? How about get the government out of this. Stop giving special deals.
We have bigger problems Bernie a pending war if N Korea has their way and no help coming from NATO I want my grandson to live in peace


you are one of the people stealing from us all what you just want to sneak a new low in to make your self more rich #berniestoplying
Please help fix this issue.
Amen! Repub let Big Pharma rt Prescription Drug Act. Next day Repub resigns, takes a job w same Big Pharma corp a starting salary of 2 mil!
@AlexCKaufman  ALL big Pharma get federal $ for R&D, and when they develop a successful product gouge the public & Medicare!
VOMIT! Republicans push through BIG PHARMA BILL in secret to KEEP drug costs HIGH. 60 Minutes: Lobbies Rule America
I agree this is the heart of the problem.
Can't sell affordable asthma med but running coal powered trains for recreation is ok. USA is very confused about priorities.
Clinton signed the Montreal agreement made cheep affordable asthma medication illegal in the US. Pharma re- branded old drugs and get rich.
GW signed the law that prohibited the US from negotiating drug prices but Congress wrote the law. Where was the Senate then?
Change the law that forbids the government from negotiating drug prices.
Preach it Bernie! Let doctors make decisions not actuaries.
Oh really Bernie, you have only been a Senator how long now and you're just realizing this? Wow.
We will see no success with health care until gov sets cost controls & gives people a single payer, not-for-profit plan. Go for it!
So let's socialize healthcare and give them even more taxpayer money! Give them exclusively tax dollars! Bernie, you genius.
I will support cracking down on Big Pharmaceutical, when you crack down on gouging colleges first. Like your wife's defunct college.
TY! What governing for the people looks like!
Your PARTY...aka #Democrats are #Bigpharma ...but Bernie...he has no clue as usual...
I agree. You can start with the lobbying and quid pro quo that goes on between Big Pharma and D.C.  Price controls won't do it.
Thank you, Bernie Sanders!  This is LONG overdue.
Says the guy who took money from the Clintons to go away last year. How's the lake house BTW Bernie?? #YouSoldOut
@AlexCKaufman A bill was introduced but wasn't passed by 12 democrats!They take money from  Drug companies at Americans expense
AMEN!!
And GOP senators making billions off these companies at the expense of the working class.
Well, look at Martin Shkreli, he's living the American dream. I believe we're all good.
Yep that was the Democratics plan. Keep the people drugged on the tax payers backs. How much was your kick back Bernie? Buy a new house? Hum
Please help! Not only does this increase healthcare costs, it's crazy! My sons epipens=my mortgage ($1200)!
#Healthcare would be affordable if Americans weren't fat, lazy, pigs with no self respect. Almost every death in the US is preventable.
Is your wife going to prison?
Wrong again Bernie.  It's the FDA. Speed up the generic process and no one will gouge
This is a good way to make sure drugs don't get made. 

How about a tarriff on the Europeans that we are subsidizing with r&d costs?
Let's see the Russian sanctions bill, for which you were 1 of the only 2 no votes, go through first.
@edipyuksel @HuffPostPol and you have stolen millions...
About time
Congress can't set prices
Damn Straight
Obamacare allowed the "Taxpayer Gouging" that you refer to. This will continue if ACA is not repealed.
It's not pharma it's the insurance companies. Close the loopholes!
Says the man who embraces Capitalism, but decries its doctrine. Shut the Hell up!
Drug costs are raping us!!!  Put our gov on same healthcare plan and maybe they will feel it
Our We the People U's giving away our funded research,so we get gouged. Socialism for the Rich, Capitalism for Poor
well Bernie I can agree with you on that one
How do you figure out fair price.  I say allow them certain amount of profits like utilities.
And the addictions they created!!
wow
:D
Or reform/reduce/eliminate intel prop protections that "prevent other drugmakers from competing to manufacture the vaccine at a lower cost."
@bennyfuego I don't disagree with Bernie on everything. This is something he and I agree on. 
What happened to SINGLE PAYER, Bernie?

Looks like you've sold out to the insurance companies and the DNC. 

REALLY????
And the days of people defrauding bank lenders must also come to an end. Go get em Bernie
Bernie work the Senator @tedcruz to submit bipartisan legislation to stop Big pharma price gouging. You both agreed in town hall!
