Bernie is being investigated right now for bank fraud & his wife destroyed a college.  Pot, meet kettle.
Yes because of a claim that Vermont Republican Party made. But nice try discrediting the most popular politician in he country.
False, Bernie is being investigated because his wife mishandled funds & bankrupted a college.  It's not a Republican conspiracy.
..The real kicker being that Bernie said he could give everyone free college as all of this was happening.
... and being the most popular politician is kind of like being the most popular virus.
But, hey, I'm sure Bernie doesn't mind.  After all, he's a wealthy old white man with three houses.
Whoa! So Hitler was popular and so is Bernie? Whoa that means they're like the same!

Paid no taxes? I'm sure ive seen lefties raging when he released his returns a year ago. "How dare he pay MILLIONS in tax"!!!!!
He doesn't release his taxes because 1) he doesn't pay taxes, 2) links to Russia, 3) he's not as wealthy as he claims (debts to RU).

That's from over a decade ago. Clinton released the last 8 years. Trump is hiding his taxes for a reason. He said he'd release, he lied.
So a Clinton is your morality starting point?
Haha. Never mind. Have a good day.
And you. Wow. Online disagreement and no swearing/cursing/threats. We must be special. 
If I had a $1 for every time he’s repeated Trickle Down Economics!!!!!!
There are no dollars trickling down. Get used to it and stop your cynicism.
He has to tweet about everything, before someone else does. He can't keep his mouth shut on anything.He puts all his friends in all postions
Good is time you too grow a fucking back bone.
No Bernie YOU are the absolute fraud, & liar. You need to make sure you & your wife don't go to prison for yours & her scandalous behavior!
Let’s be clear, Cuba is a huge success story. Communist http://Dreams.org 
@SenSanders It is what you & Congress has done, or Not done, that has to be fixed. You couldn't fix anything in over 30 yrs #TermLimits
Let's be clear about economics says the guy under investigation for $ fraud.
He isn't. His wife is, but that's not the same, and being under investigation is not the same as being guilty anyway.
Unless it's President Trump then he is always guilty. Hypocrite
Well when he goes around bragging about sexual assault it's little hard to cut any slack
Get over it! A one time conversation of locker room talk, (like you never have before) Christ you people are thick as a brick! Damn!
Unless you're paying your housekeeper gardener the same amount you are paid, then you not only believe in trickle down economics, you're practicing it.
Your a nut case !!! We must stop you criminals
You’re either brain dead or a fraudulent liar. Either way unqualified to comment on economic policy. You weren’t even employed until when?
Now do socialism.
#Venezuela #Cuba #Russia #NoKo
This tax scam is bad for our country.
Let’s be clear Bernie. You are old and need to retire, like McCain, Feinstein, Pelosi.  I  recommend it! Fun! So Leave it to the young!
The Only People trickling on me and calling it champagne is the Democrats.
Go home
Why do you always oppose our President? You show absolutely no support for the unity of our country,
Do you honestly think that Trump unifies the country?
It's a bot, don't worry about it 
nope
No offense, but i am not taking economic advice from someone who has not had a job outside of government.  The same guy that lived in his parents basement well into adult hood. Same cat who’s wife may have committed fraud.
Bernie you lost
Bernie, you told us Venezuela was the model we should emulate.
Trickle down will only work when greed disappears. I suspect we'll have a long wait.
How is it clear. Have you seen the actual bill. Trump effect seems to be working.
Can I have one of your homes and cars.. ?I believe that is fair...after all that is what you are advocating....
#fakenews There is no trickle up economics. Life works this way. Things trickle down. It isn’t bad. It’s real, and it helps us all!
One would think, “trickle down” sounds bad,”hoarded at the top” makes more sense,so republicans stop pushing this crap on American people.
Lets be clear Bernie. ..you sold out for a lake house and your wife stole money from the university.  You are a failure and a fraud.
.@SenSanders Trickle down economics is no longer just a fraud. Trump is turning it into a con. We'll see if the GOP falls for his scam.
It’s not a fraud. It works. People all benefit when wealth trickles down. The other option is trickle down poverty. No thanks.
Nothing is FREE, your plan literally costs trillions & in your own words wouldn’t work.
Namecalling... mighty big of you...
Try arguing based on reality and not fake right wing talking points.
Just did, see cost increases just for Washington State, Arizona is worse & insurers leaving. That’s a fact.
Get ready for even worse premium increases with Trump's latest blatant sabotage of the markets. You'll probably still blame Obamacare tho.
We hired a fraud and incompetent CEO te represent the American People. We gave away all power Now we expect him to do the right thing?
You hired a billionaire.  LOL I don’t think he got there by accident.  
Actually it works great at redistributing $ to the top, which is what it's supposed to do. The "trickle down" stuff is just camo.
So basically it's taxation.
History shows it works great.  What doesnt work is redistribution and socialist theft. Cuba, Venezuela,  etc.  Stop pushing crap.
who's history are you looking at? certainly not that of the USA unless ur daddy was corporate
Investigate it.  Dont rely on bernie the snake oil salesman to convince you.  The only certainty of socialism is it ends and not well.
doing the same job today  point of fact  GM  starting wage in 1977 $26/hr  today $16  there is your' trickle down econ. effect
Union?
Mr S. I had a choice of who I wanted in charge of my money. I chose President Trump, he knows economics, obviously. Dems make their money...
Inheriting wealth is not knowing economics. Bankrupting multiple businesses is not knowing economics. Try again.
Do you know how ridiculous this argument is? Not to mention just plain wrong. But liberals aren’t known for being factual so.....
He won't release all his taxes so we really don't know how much Donnie is worth... lol.
And....
And it shows projection. You are projecting your own flaws by not realizing conservatives do exactly what you accuse others of
I’m not a conservative, I’m a Libertarian who did not vote for Trump.
Even more so then businesses always have put profits over human lives.
Because that jackass Karl Marx and his group of knuckleheads really had a clue about financial systems, right Bernie?
Reagan tried it...it doesnt work.
Oh, so all those jobs and wealth created under Reagan was what exactly?
tell to all the people that made a lot of money in the 1980s

With the exception of lawmakers.  Exactly how many people are employed by poor people?
It worked in the 80s and no doubt you benefitted from it.
Yes, we all know that tax cuts for the rich creates more profit, that they in turn use to create more jobs, in China!

What do you know about economics @SenSanders Trickle up doesn't work  and giving people their hard earned money and not the Gov always works
Trickle down was a failure with Regan and will always reward the wealthy and punish the poor and middleclass.  GOP always love it.
Not true at all
True
You believe in economics?
Trickle down and monetary policy are both frauds on real people. The system is rigged to siphon off wealth continuously.
Karl Marx and all socialist economist FAILED  BERNIE DONT SCAM THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
So why don't you go live in Venezuela?
Speaking of fraud, aren’t you & your wife being investigated by the FBI?
Waylon Allen’s new book “the black and white of racism will make crazy Bernie cry.
Have you SEEN the Dow Jones recently? Have you seen Venezuela recently? Any questions?
Wrong.
Senile.
#bankfraudbernie the old commie bastard. Thank GOD u and #CrookedHillary LOST!!
Amazing how the economy grew in the 80’s.
It's never worked, and has always caused recessions. What do we do? We can't keep going down his path.
Not truehttps://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/peterferrara/2011/05/05/reaganomics-vs-obamanomics-facts-and-figures/amp/ at all
what's an abysmal failure and a fraud is 50 yrs of Dem Party control of our inner cities!
It was a dismal failure under Regan.  Never worked.
Wrong, it worked
Nothing could be as bad as O reign.  We are thriving.
Agreed
If we had a way to control how the 1% utilizes the tax breaks it might work. Otherwise its a completely ineffective strategy and hurts us.
Thank you for telling it like it is!
So is socialism Bernie.
Go Trump. We still support you.
And you think socialism or communism is the answer?
Failed everywhere.
Not according to the experts, socialism is a failure, why do you support that?
Not nearly as big a fraud as you and your wife.
You aren't qualified to make this judgment, Berno.  No one expects a Socialist to understand #clueless
No that would be your socialist theory that has failed everywhere it was adopted
The fact you are still alive is a cruel joke
Let's be clear, trickle-down economics exists only in your mind and basically you're a retard.
L O L
Worked until you demotards jumped in.
Say that to Reagan...
The only fraud is you Bern!
No you are the fraud. We don't believe you. Lol
Kinda like the socialism you peddle.  Except trickle down isn’t a thing you lying geezer. U almost make me glad the primary was rigged!
Our country will never accept you or your communist philosophy Bernie. Our economy is best it's ever been. And will only get better.
Taxation is theft.
GDP going up, consumer confidence going up, more people are working than previous administration.  I think we’ll hold off on socialism.
You mean like socialism and communism
LETS BE CLEAR YOU WANT SOCIALISM! TOO BAD. WONT HAPPEN. TAKE YOUR TRIBE TO VENEZUELA AND LIVE THERE AND SEE HOW THEY LIKE IT THEN
You're an abysmal failure and fraud. Wanna talk about taking from the "rich", start with your wife, then sell 2 of your 3 houses.

So, you propose taking everything from the rich and giving it to the poor. Then everyone is going to be poor, except you and other polis
The poor may not know it yet, but they REALLY don’t want what happened in Venezuela.
You sir have no idea what you are talking about, you need to retire immediately
Bernie why is your life about taking from others!! You and your lazy millennial followers go work for your money.
Let’s be clear...Bernie is a buffoon!
True!! Keep reminding us all!
Lol ok lib trash pusher you need to go home your wife is under investigation by the @FBI for bank fraud
The economic theory Trump has embraced was utilized by JFK in the 60s resulting in US GDP between 5.5 & 6.8 through the 60s. It works!
Reagan faced major inflation and a crazed fed coming off a recession,but economy improved.  Communism & Socialism DON'T WORK.
Agreed
Socialism bankrupts every country. You’re free to move to Venezuela.
And where has your socialism theory worked yet?
Bernie Sanders people are slow. 
Bernie still thinks communism can work.
Free trade is the farce. Where is your objection to that?
If we would have wanted your advice for our economy you would have been president. Dems didn’t neither does the rest of America.
Let's see, who should we believe, the billionaire entrepreneur, or the serial public bloodsucker?
Why would you believe Sanders about anything? Literally threw the 1rst debate away because he didn't know how to win.
Can we put this guy in the home already. Hes got Alzheimer's. I am sure the guys in white jackets would love to hear your BS.
And what would you consider to be "successful"? North Korea? Venezuela (where people are eating zoo animals to survive)?

#Libtards
Please cite to more trustworthy sources than this i dont think anyone has ever heard of it
Apparently, people forget this! So obtuse.
It never works
Lol silly Bernie your socialist programs would destroy this country. Time to get rid of all of you and put people in place that can help us
Socialism on the other hand...
It’s never ever worked period
Former Reagan policy advisor agrees with Bernie.
Speaking of Frauds Have you looked in the mirror lately You're the biggest fraud a half a step ahead of the fake Indian Liszt Warren
Trickle down works on the idea if only wealthy Americans had even more wealth then poor Americans would not be poor.
Dann straight!!!!  This Is Not the Regan era.  They are both dead.  As is that economic theory.
Oh and socialism works so well.
Sorry Bernie.. But you gotta let it go. The moment you endorsed Shilliary your base went to TRUMP. And we're glad. #TRUMP2020 
Not true.  It works great for the rich.  The rest of us...well...
This from a guy promoting socialism
Based on what? We have not tried it 35plus years.  So we should continue to go down your path? Get lost, move to Canada. Please!
Which of your 3 homes did you send this from?
I remember the last job I got from a poor person - NEVER! People with  create jobs. Same old ignorant socialist policy.
People with $$ buy a golden toilet, a Ferrari, or open an account in the Cayman Islands!!
Let’s be Really Clear I can prove to you that 90% of Bernie Sanders Economic Theory’s “DO NOT WORK” Bernie says them to buy votes.
and what exactly has he done that went against the constitution...?
None of those are against the constitution because he hasn’t taken legal action. stop talking before you embarrass yourself.
Now that i can agree with

It would seem there's nothing to suggest it has been successful. But we already knew that would be the case, right?
Let's be clear: So is Socialism
Right, has everybody forgotten the 80s. Reaganomics trickle down was proven failure. GOP can't let go of lining pockets of the rich.
Let's be clear, Bernie's wealth redistribution theory is the bottom of the abyss never to see the light of day, I hope he's got a plan "B".
#ImpeachTrump #Trump4Prison
Tax cuts and tax evasion for rich no thanks and my heath care got taken away by a dictator.
There has never been a Trickle Down Economy. If it was--there would be no economic poverty for the lower class. Its "have" vs "have nots".
All boats rise with the tide!
Not as bad as socialist state Bernie.
It never worked in the past; why??
I'm still waiting for you to give back your donation money, Bernie.
I live through it. I know how bad it can be. So many Praise Him but he left us with a huge deficit by his policies. People ate dog food
Why even pretend? He doesn't. That's the 35 year old lie for cover. There's never any intent for any $ to trickle down.
The economic theory you embrace is responsible for the greatest human suffering throughout history.
Hmmm. That’s what they said about Reagan also.
No, it's actually letting people keep what they earn. It's called "we're overtaxed" & "we have a spending problem, not a revenue problem."

#TrumpyMcTrumpFace is ignorant of basic economics, which is why he is so good at #bankruptcy.  He could #MakeAmericaGreatAgain by resigning!
No no Bernie, you're correct. Just look at Detroit. What a shining beacon of socialism that dump is.
R's say we need economic growth, then let's have massive job infrastructure package.  Tax cuts are not only way to stimulate growth.
Looks like a huge crowd. All ten of them. So you are saying that under Reagan, the economy and trickle down didn't work? #MAGA
Under Trump maybe we should call the economic theory he has embraced  ' tinkle-down ' economics.
@POTUS He is the Liar-in-Chief! Nothing trickles down! Tax the 1% more to pay off the national debt and find the ACA for all!
yes your right this is a tax cut for the wealthy and increase for middle america going from 10 percent to 12 percent  increasing debt
Headed for a major recession and no bailout this time THEY WILL BLAME IT ON HRC/OBAMA
Yes Bernie staffers demand side economics works but socialism doesnt
So #retire
Justice is not trickling down.
Yeah that never worked when Ronald Ragan Did it! The only Economic plan that you support is communism.
Talk is cheap Bernie. Now we know where the blame lie. So what now what. Come up with a REAL solution. Lead, follow or get out of the way.
Open borders is Koch brother idea. Protect American workers.
Sadly Bernie throwing rocks again w/o solutions apparently blinded by POTUS efforts ! Zero effort by Bernie
David Cameron in U.K. Said the same, it trickles down!! Lol  no such thing, the poor are poorer, there is no trickle people!! and 
The clue is in the word ‘trickle’.
Trump is deplorable
Trump is stuck in past... Reagan and Thatcher where the first victims of the trickle down economy syndrome...
#TrickleDownEcon NEVER worked & only benefits top 2%! They won't create jobs. They'll do what they always do, put it in Market or tax haven.

This has been proven true time & time again. Reaganomics, etc.
IT **ALL** NEEDS A REBOOT, WITHOUT #ZIO INFLUENCE

Ronald Reagan did this in the past and he seemed like a solid president, what is so different with @realDonaldTrump? you've seen them both
Isn't it called a "pyramid" scheme for a reason?
Someone tell me any other way economics work?  Go ahead.  I’ll wait
We need #AFundamentalShift in how/why we live
#2SurviveWithoutFear #4ABetterWorld.
#Struggle2Survive=#Desperation+#Cheats+more.
There's only one kind of trickle he's interested in.
Sorry US citizens.
Only fraud I see is Bernie himself
.That's rich! Economic theory from a man who preaches & embraces Socialism & Communism, which have failed every time they've been tried.
#bankfraudbernie your the fraud and traitor.
Wow talk about recycling verbiage.  Bush said the same about Reagan.  America prospered.  Just facts for you.  Feel that Bern?  #MAGA
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/oct/12/the-guardian-view-on-the-imfs-message-yes-tax-the-super-rich … IMF agrees
Then you gave us "trickle down" economics.
How do I delete this? I was talking about Ronald Reagan not the Bern.
Ode to Ronald Reagan: 1st you fired our air traffic controllers and sold crack for the Contras.
