It's America first.
Unfortunately, America is only "first" in very few rankings.
It doesn't matter what others think. We need to take care of this country.
Also, "what others think"…!? Sorry, but those rankings are not "opinions," but STATISTICS. The data are enlightening.
That's nice.
It is our right to be taken care of, for the interest of americans, not for the interest of some global community
Caring starts at home, sure! But air, water, weather, climate do not stop at any political border and thus require planetary cooperation.
And that's why we're out of the Paris agreement.
We Must be America first. It is our strength that allows us to help others in need
Interesting. In what areas does America rank first?
Incarceration
Yep! AND… highest healthcare costs, military expenditures, anti-depressant use, childhood poverty, worse wealth inequality… and more!
No we don't America did and will do just fine without your global governance and wish to be at the helm of a world government @SocialistDie
Wow, that's a complete miss. The entire world needs a government "OF the people, BY the people, FOR the people."
Wow you are so wrong EU is a Mess I don't want some nameless faceless Bureaucrat ruling over me like a King no thanks been there done that
Bureaucrat? You think the countries in Europe do not have democratic governments?
Not in the EU Proper no way Brussels's dictates Organization like the U.N. no way I want to vote in my leaders or vote them the hell out
Your name ironically contradicts your statements.Do you know how the EU's institutions members are determined?Through democratic elections.
No they don't each member state has a say if vote or other way to appoint
Im not even sure if I get what you said but guess who votes for the member states' governments. Oh, its the people in democratic elections.
I am a proud Trump supporter and I love and value America and I love this earth too..respect all countries? Do you respect countries that
don't respect women or children? beat them and kill them? That statement doesn't make sense...you cannot respect a country that allows that
Yet you support a president that openly brags about being a sexual predator 
I'm lost. She loves Trump, hates countries that abuse and disrespect women/children, but Trump has time and again disrespected women...
The Socialist turning the brainwashed into Communist.
Didn't (the Beautiful Mind guy) John Nash win a Nobel Prize in Economics for proving (mathematically) exactly that?
https://goo.gl/8QtCpc  #MiracleTreatDay Le système politico-médiatique veut que vous pensiez ça
#BiteMe You are #Complicit
100% agree
Yes TOTALLY AGREE!!!!!
1st: Go watch the documentary The 13th before you spew more racist BS. 2nd: You R A BLACK MAN THAT's PROFILED DAILY!!! R U KIDDING ME?!
PARDON ME! I DON'T BRING NOISE. I JUST STATED A FACT! NOW YOU HAVE A GREAT!!
Yes we can be America first if u don't like it feel free to leave with all your millions Mr socialist
Look at what Trump has done. We're not America 1st but America about to get our butts in a major war. If that's what u want, move to NK.
Nope Bern this country wasn't founded &made great so numb skulls all around the world can guilt us into becoming 2nd rate like them
We're 3rd rate in many areas. first in incarceration though. 27 in healthcare now education already sucks and going to die  & racist
Infrastructure 3rd world  war for profit being controlled by minority of wealthy power brokers wanting to dominate masses. We suck
Well I guess it's a good thing we have a new administration perhaps they can change the problems you mentioned caused by previous admins
8 years of obama's international community was a failure.
Well, America is 1st in some things: no. of people in prison, military spending, childhood poverty, healthcare costs, no. of billionaires.
Number of billionaires? That's not a bad thing.
Nope. We should all be able to enrich ourselves with hard work, but not to the point of abusing those who have also worked hard to enable it
You are more and more among the few American politicians who makes any sense. Should have been president.
He helped give us the one we got.
@locoribo Pretzel logic
No, it is not.  Sabateur along with his minions. Still whining watching Rome burn.
He's working. What is your solution?
@JKFfootball   You helped DT win!
If you are saying Bernie helped DT win....to some extent I have to agree. Instead of a team- both Bernie & Hillary wanted nom. regardless
he slandered her like DT and wouldn't concede till too late!
Was that the first time you'd ever witnessed a primary before? It was lightweight, comparably.
At some point you have to see the big picture...BS & HC cost each other election- just like Ralph Narcissist Nader cost Gore the election.
I am seeing the big picture. It goes much deeper than that. Decades of ppl like Rove & Gingrich spending their careers framing the Clintons
Seriously, have you never witnessed a primary before? If you are going to waste your time w infighting & petty blame, then step aside.
That doesn't work @SenSanders .  You can not help your neighbor if your house isn't in order.
You can work and get along with your neighbor but you can not feed your neighbor when your own kids are starving.
Its America first, lets take care of our own country before you try to spend our tax dollars everywhere but here.
You think he advocates NOT taking care of our country? Then you must not understand his policies on the issues:
i said we need to take care of our own country before we worry about taking care of others.  There is plenty to fix here first
@MeeMeeAlAradi
Fairy tales. You can't even be a functional community within your own political party.
What party?
He is not a member of any political party
Precisely, lol.
I dont get ur point
I understand you have suffered from brutal military rule in ur country, but why do you associate it with a social democrats worldview?
Not at all. Misery can come from any side of the political spectrum. I used Sanders & Dems as example because he's the one making the claim.
We are human first. Country of origin shouldnt matter, race color, creed, we are one people. Why cant we see that?
Because it's not reality. Two words, sharia law.....NOT compatible with our way of life in the states.
Do you feel similarly about Jewish dietary law, or Catholic marriage law?
If you cant see that what they do is not compatible with freedom and liberty there is no help for you.  Enjoy your beatings.
Can't say I do, but they've all been from self proclaimed Christians.
Fact, only beatings I suffered where from Christian's.
Globalization is inevitable. The question is this:
Will it be Democratic, or Corporatist-Fascist?
Don't let billionaires decide for you. 
It's already here. Corporations have bought politicians worldwide, especially PetroCorps. The internet allows this and is not going away.
I'm not the one giving it up. By denying the truth you're giving up all your freedoms. Corp-bought Politicians are selling your rights away.
Corps have bought the gov MANY years ago. It's sad ur only JUST realizing it. That's why we wanted an outsider in office to #draintheswamp
Its far more unfortunate that you thought a supposed billionaire w/ just as many corporate ties as Clinton was an "outsider".
Do you take care of someone else's family before your own? Didn't think so. America first. #getaclue #MAGA
U stand with racism and hate leads to murder Trump encourages racist people to murder anyone #UrRacist #MRGA
That's your reply? Race has nothing to do with what I said. Besides, the only one's murdering are jihadists. Get educated before speaking.
Try Portland. Or was that a jihadist as well?
Are you talking about Orlando? That wasn't a racist either. Just a nutjob.
Nope, Portland. Both were terror attacks..but because it was a white chap committing them he's a RWNJ.
Didn't hear about Portland. Never said it wasn't terrorism. Just saying that 99 percent of these are jihadists. #truth
Thats how you think if you have a socialistic mind
I think Bernie needs to forget the bowl ! He needs a Bong !!!!
I've never seen an American politician who thinks of community of interests. Review your history and name one
It is always America first, Bernie
So in your household -the community's needs come first? Do you make sure everyone is taken care of before or without regards to your family?
@SenSanders, & we do not already have an international community.
Yeah, we can, that is why the globalist agenda was soundly rejected the last election.
I disagree. When the plane is going down, the parent must take oxygen first to save the child!
We do not need a socialistic global community. Trade, a level playing field  and respect for other cultures are enough.
WRONG AGAIN!
What a stupid statement
No
#Americafirst  we should focus on ourselves than others
Globalism is a failed ideology!  You represent the people of The United States!
Actually you can. Unless we just have a world with no nations or culture or identity. But that's what you want isn't it?
Bernie you're a communist maybe you can handle Russia
I will not eat that when I'm threatened
Like the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, right, Honeymooner?
We can only love one. I love Singapore. Visit any time We are safe
We are AMERICA!  You Socialists need to move to Russia where your philosophy is welcome... GO!
America's sovereignty must NEVER be forfeited.
Good idea. Iceland needs you. Go!
Bernie please explain how you became a multimillionaire thru "Public Service"
I see what he's doing. 1. America first = WWII again, 50 million die. 2. International community = no war. Talk about fear mongering.
Comrade: If America wasn't first the English & French would be speaking German.
Ummm.....that was a while ago.
Certainly not Bernie first.
When you have a stupid ideology like you and your minions, you are never first in anything but bad things
America First all the way.  isnt NOT being America first and your identity politics what caused you Dems the election. not working out for U
Wrong.  Go home & take a nap old man
Announcing your resignation as a UNITED STATES SENATOR, I take it?
Sure thing mister president.
International community is important but our people come first. Don't u take care of your kids 1st before u take care of others?
@SenSanders I understand you are NOT a Christian.  That's why your ideas and ideology is so convoluted.  America FIRST!
I can't believe that advocating the sovereignty of the United States is not prosecuted as sedition.
Why Bernie? I don't need to pay for people in third world counties. Many of whom never asked for our help in the first place
You are my hero! 
Since when has intelligence become so controversial?
When you think Human Rights you are exercising the Golden Rule. You are a fine example of a REAL Christian w/o even trying! U Saint Bernie!
Thats why you are in the losing party and will be there for next 20 years ...
Bernie should've been president
Lol. See. Globalist shill. Dems and Repubs can be golbalists elite sellouts who are utterly scum. Here derp no borders, duh one gov.
This is NWO ideology.
You're dangerous.....
So gud
Wow. An American that doesn't believe America should come first? Pretty unpatriotic
Wrong again Bernie America first!
Feel The Bern of One World Government, Communism's Ultimate Goal
He speaks from deep tunnel. Bzzzz go away
Yes!
And thats why you guys lost. We arent about globalism! America First!
Stop Twitt nonsense.
LOL WHAT? you're an American politician. It's your obligation to put America first. This is a planet of nations, afterall.
Why not America first, then you can have any second you want, but America first..Just like your family first, neighbors second and so on...
Putting the needs of this international community over the needs of the USA is a violation of your oath of office and is treason.
Didnt you run a campaign for free healthcare and free college to help America? & I'm sure you took an oath to the US when you were sworn in.
Are u freaking insane? Time for the straight jacket Bernie.
Then remind me again why youre an AMERICAN senator?Heck, forget representing Vermont when you can be the senator ofthe friggin world!#shutup
Damn right we must!
#PlanetFirst forget Countries and Politicians sorry Bernie we move beyond politics poverty and war! Real People Power!
For you, it's islamic terrorists first.
smh
#Nuremberg at the dawn of The 21st Century -  the #crimeofaggression once again https://www.opednews.com/articles/Nuremberg-At-the-Dawn-of-t-by-Lance-Ciepiela-Bush_Crime_Crimes-Against-Humanity_Government-161221-888.html …
@ckchumley @oppenheimera @PanAmPost @patriciajaniot @AndresCarrion2
We cannot be 'America first,' or 'Germany first.' We all have our own interests, but we must be an international community. 
FIRE Donald trump, totally unqualified, he fires all around him who speak the truth to him,unable to stop insatiable  ravings for attention
We need to be "Humanity First".
NOT!!!! You and socialism need to go away.
Perfectly put.
True Americans are left but to shake our heads in disbelief at your termitism eating our sinking ship from within
You got that right Bernie!!!
Thank you!
The needs of the few outweigh the needs of the many. Til we get that the other way around, international politics is a tool of the elites.
It isnt the role of government to "meet needs." That's called slavery.
Yeah um... No, it's not. Not remotely.
lol what do you call labor with the promise of needs being met in return? Dependency? Indentured servitude? Use what you like. Its slavery.
Slavery is when you force people to work and don't pay them. And I'm not getting into this with you cuz it has nothing to do w/ what I said.
"Youre not getting into this" because your theology is crumbling. Democrats have claimed they've a right to someone else's labor since 1860.
TERM LIMITS FLAT TAXES
May Bernie live forever1
As a behavioral health therapist I'll tell you that Bernie Sanders is one of the most emotionally & intellectually mature politicians ever!!
True. Idk how he does it, but he exemplifies ethics, passion, focus, accountability & solutions in ways that have become far too rare.
@ClimateGuy1973 @MegMurrayMusic
Spoken like a foolish socialist/communist.  Karl Marx would have been proud of you. You spout a failed agenda for working men and women.
@POTUS- Bernie NAILS IT AGAIN!!
No thanks Bernie
Happened at Munich by Chamberlain, Daladier & co. Similar to what it's attempted today. Learning very important 2/2
You're old enough to know better. At least historically. Maybe there would be less or not at all US graves if the appeasement never 1/
Bernie, the critics never want to discuss policy. I cannot get HRC people to commit to single-payer. They support fracking.
Yes. Globalist Puppet.
Global integration leading to global alertness and strength.
I'm mad as Hell that you're not President
America first!
Hurrah for Bernie
YES!  Let's remember that we are also WORLD citizens.  It's a big dysfunctional family, but we're all we have.
I'm a citizen of the greatest nation on earth.
http://ontheissues.org/2016/Bernie_Sanders_Free_Trade.htm … changed your mind #FeelTheByrne
This is 1 reason  why i have voted for you to be President of the United States on America.I still can't believe trump is president.Smdh
3rd party voters r on list of why we are here in unsustainable Chaos
Any excuse will do. We are here because too many people vote bigoted and ignorant exploited by a party of no conscience.
You have only your own personal interests in mind.
Then move to an international country! Stop taking American tax dollars for your salary. #TimeToGo
Why are the ppl on the right always so articulate?  Just like their articulate leader, Trump. Sad.
 We can't help it!
Yep, look up sarcasm next, sweetie.
Thank God! I was hoping you weren't that confused. You got me! 
Really true stuff we should learn how to protect "our own interest" without ruining the "interest of others"
Committee good health doctor maters
Family love is thire
Thank for all the help Berme and many others
Hope,faith,tolerance and courage. The basic survival tool  cannot be stressed enough. " Common Sense" seek inner guidance.
Go home Bernie. You "sold out" ass is drunk.
NWO
I call BS.  We have to fight for and preserve America FIRST.  We are no use to anyone if we don't protect America first.
Let me guess. Trump supporter?
How about America supporter.  

Let me guess - Bernie supporter?
New World Order?
Friends, we cannot bailout failing countries, be the world's police or be a socialist that owns 3 houses.
Typical communist. We can't be taken advantage of first and foremost.
Yes we can. Especially when it comes to giving other nations our money for a garbage agreement.
Humanity first. 
Or, while we're at it - Life first!
Love you Bernie 1000 percent right
@DeanLeh You helped put #DerHorrorClown in office, Senator. Where are YOUR taxes?
You do realize Bernie released his taxes unlike 45 who still has not released them. Ever wonder why?
P only n
I feel like a boring 7th grade teacher is yelling at the stupid class.
Less talky, more hangy. With respect.
Why hasn't trump been impeached, yet? And, the entire election declared invalid?
and you're a Senator! Your vote should always be #AmericaFirst. #WhatAShame!
@AngusMacNeilSNP is why in Scotland 2014 one referendum element was "all of us first" An opportunity sadly missed.
NO, YOU ARE A GALIST SLAVE-COMMUNIST.

thats so true
"We all have our own interests" is the definition of "America first" to most Americans.It doesn't mean America alone or "We are against you"
Fuck. This. We, as Americans, need to protect ourselves above and beyond all others.
I feel the Bern and advocate for you all the time, but a lot of us millennial can't find jobs right now. A lot of foreigners in high tech.
Even millennials with degrees are having a tough time finding work. Someone told me that 40% of high tech employees r on an h something Visa
@P_Musharraf no more Pakistan first then!
Bernie for 2020
I *soooooo* wish we ended up with you as President! Clinton wouldn't have the guts to make this obvious point, and Trump is too stupid.
great characteristic of Bernie is the main thing I like about science: whether or not you believe in them, they're true.
How about "People First" for a change?  #endcitizensunited #stillbernin'
Getting pretty tired of you democrats and republicans blah blah blah.all talk,no action
#Trump is getting America First dead and Bernie is just announcing it
This is why WE THE PEOPLE love Bernie Sanders! He says what other politicians SHOULD SAY but won't dare! We so need Bernie for President! 
@SusanSarandon Non sequitur.
that's fine but stop dividing Democrats
So true!  Unfortunately Trump has no interest in that perspective; from my vantage it us always all about Trump.  He needs to go!!!
Please keep this up so GOP can build bigger majorities in 2018. Easy to be radical leftist in safe haven of Vermont.
Bernie Sanders - If what you say is true, then why didn't you buy your 3rd house in Venezuela? 
Gawd....we love you Bernie! Please run again!
To protect terrorism and escape from Global warming we have to united.otherwise no one will save from this problem.
Call me old fashioned, but I think American politicians should put America first.
good point
why should i give a s**t for the international community.  they certainly do not give a s**t about me
poor bastards, dying for a utopian fantasy land
So.......no borders?
Community's a concept we've lived w our entire lives.Bernie's community embraces not only our block, city, region or country, but the world.
It's no longer abt America's success as a melting pot, it's abt making the world a success as a melting pot. Human diversity is the charm.
Yes, international, multi-polarity...but not Western alliance vs all.
Portugal first.
Thanks, Bernie.  Support Progressives!!!
Bernie, you rock!
#AmericaFirst Sanders of all people should know how great this country is. Congrats on the move to the 1%. Next stop, the top 1% of the 1%.
Germans dropped Deutschland uber alles in 1945. Guess liar in chief liked it and substituted America for 2017.
Hitler said "Deutschland Uber Alles". Germany over all other countries. This was the rally cry of Nazi Germany. It is a tad Fascist!
Yeah yeah old white guy, tell @HillaryClinton that.
If Jehovah wanted us to be a international one nation...he wouldnt have dispersed us into many nations!!!
You're an agent of the globalist elite. Go home. We're Americans first.
Politicians are elected to protected the interests of their constituents who are all Americans ( not Germans or any other nationality)
No we don't. I'm American. Piss on socialism.
I'm interested in when you will stop mooching off the Democratic Nat'l party. Go away.
No we are not! We are American
That doesn't work politically as stated! Try peace first
Never give up Bernie!
No, f that.what other countries don't look out for their own interest first?
Pushing his globalization  crap.
