Really, NOW you're a champion of Obamacare? Now that it's popular? You've attacked it since it passed & campaigned against it #weseeyou
yesterday he was sending out emails asking to be thanked for saving the ACA when it was really the people who stopped it..
This man’s ego is the size of the grand canyon…we see how you undermined the ACA and how you are trying to take credit @SenSanders
Bernie is an opportunist. Just wondering if along w/ those emails wanting 2 b thanked; was he asking for campaign money?
He is always asking for money
Congrats guys on the most clueless thread on Twitter. Luckily the rest of the country gets it.
We participated in the biggest, most accurate poll....called the primary & Bernie lost by 4 Million votes, so shove your "poll"
Like we are supposed to base our entire political future on 1 poll…
We wouldn't be in this position of fighting to hold on to what we have if it were not for you! Under Hillary we could've moved forward!
um...he campaigned for Hillary.
Yeah, so? Don't you think he was really trying to avoid Trumpism?
from everything he said & did & is still doing, yes.
Not really, again he campaigned against Hillary not on ideas but disparaging her character, insinuating collusion with wall street, etc!
So where are all the Hillary supporters falsely claiming Bernie took all the credit? Over there in the corner sulking.
Now you're THANKING Planned Parenthood after dismissing them as part of the corrupt, predictable "establishment?" That bridge is berned dude
Well said. We'll remember @sensanders' dishonest attacks on PP and his disdain and lack of support for women's issues, & our lives.
They shouldn't have made an endorsement. This was their first ever in a primary. Calling what he said an "attack" is itself dishonest
The president of PP's daughter Lily Adams was part of HRC's campaign. I think his statement was valid. Why break from tradition to endorse?
Because Bernie admittedly forgoes "identity politics" to focus on economic concerns & has a poor record on women's issues.
They had the right to endorse when they felt their work & agenda would be ignored by one of the nominees
You're delusional if you think Sanders isn't as pro-choice as anybody in congress.
It is not a priority of his, therefore there are clearly other members of congress much more committed to the issue
Hey isnt that complicit Bernie?  Good strategy for the Presidency!  HAHAHAHA!
Bernie has never done anything for anyone.He's a lifetime career pol whose wife is being investigated by the FBI.  He let dnc rig nomination
But now we need to fight to fix it so all states have providers and have rolled out Medicaid. Making ins cos stop cherry picking
If the Insurance co  sells in a state they have to sell in every city for the same price
Should divide US into regions could justnusebtime zones & if IC sells to one statsnin region have to sell to all and every town
Give IC a bonus os some kind for selling to more than one region to bring more chouce. No more extremely high deductables.
Where a family pay a high price for ins then has to keep paying cash for every appt & procedure because they never get to the pt where they
meet their deductible. Presription prices also need to come dow. The high prices of prescriptions is hurting Medicare & Medicaid
One of my Drs order medication for her patients from Canada. It hurts her when a patient needs  s prescription and cannot afford it
Thank you Bernie. Without you we might have lost Obama care for good
Nice one Bernie
You're our inspiration and our hero #ForeverSanders
Hh
Under the 8years  of the Obama administration, ISIS was born & flourished.& North  Korea managed to become Nuclear armed.
Think your wife plans to donate that 10 million she stole?  I bet that's why she took it.
PP? Careful, you're praising an org you dissed as establishment last year.
Hopefully we can keep everyone motivated to fight against other injustices by repubs. VOTE THEM OUT in 2018 & 2020! The only way to fix it!
This is so sad. Trump wanted healthcare the same as Aust. We have a great healthcare system in Aust. The Dems are insane




Its odd that liberals/democrats love "sanctuary cities" everywhere but in an uterus
#StillSanders
"....so now go back to paying exhorbitant premiums to companies who will fund my campaign...my wife's leagl bills....and my fourth house"
I am a 27+ year federal employee who had to retire early due health issues. Now i am much better and have been looking for employment.
We will keep fighting too
And ALL THE DEMS who never contemplated how THEY would vote.
Love the Bern!
Hmmm, we happen to believe that a human life created by humans ought to have the basic human RIGHT to live, Bernie!
Not sure planned parenthood is the best group to have supporting your agenda pal
Abortions should not be funded by our Government.
I just want to hug you, Bernie! You are so kind to work so hard for those of us who have no voice, but need help with this issue!
Planned Parenthood the name itself is a LIE.
He Is Wildly Corrupt. He Never Should Have Run to Be Prime Minister. I don't Care if Someone SET Him Up... No. Doomed.
I'm so thankful that trash health fail went into the can!
Thank you, Bernie!
What a loser !! Go back to Vermont and retire!!
So now Planned Parenthood is fully funded to kill disabled children!
DNA ljk
Republicans are enacting health care reform properly, going back and back again until legislation is finally right.
The same Planned Parenthood that is... Establishment??? Now, they're good again!
How in hell can people like you, Warren, Shummer, Waters, Pelosi sleep at night?
Amen
Does Planned Parenthood Advocate abortion when they come into the clinic
Doofus
keep it up!!! <3
Hi I'm in UK we have a healthcare system  which is the envy of the world the NHS our right wing gov't is undermining it we have to fight 
Seriously. Obmacare is the worst thing we could have done to healthcare/insurance. Yet you idiots think its great. FBI is calling Bern.
Power to the people!
Yeah? They'll be back ... Just like in the the Terminator movie franchise
now let's push single payer.  i'm tired of having to forgo groceries in order to get my medicine as are millions of others.
Thank you, @SenSanders, for helping to hand us to Trump and Russia!
Thank you, too. All our children who rely on Medicaid thank you.
Sad PP would elect to abort people with disabilities.   Hypocrisy in your obstructionist campaigns. Leave socialism our of America.
Thank you!
Awesome News :0) Thank You Bernie :0)
What's your idea?
You say "long way to go." With your "Public option," we'll NEVER get there!
I don't think you will be serving your country well if you continue to destroy the Democratic Party.  Step away from the microphone.
How many Bernie Hitman showed up?
Fights not over Bernie the other half believe in capitalism and will defend her too the end! This party is just getting started!
Damn the repukens
U are A true gentleman and patriot
https://www.xn--lmbngihc-zya80cn99xnfa6n.comlàmbằngđạihọc.com 
Called The Resistance....as per the Hitler regime ... US on the way..thank God Russia and China will stop him! Aussies will join as well.
We want 2 thank YOU @SenSanders bc as always you continue to fight on behalf of ALL Americans, esp poor, sick, disabled & working class ppl!

#NeverTrumpHillary #NotMeUS Are Rights Protectors #SinglePayerNow "Right" Not Privilege! —#Resist=Hillary's Revenge
Thank You Bernie Sanders for being a TRUE Politician that CARES for the USA PEOPLE
you should take them all w/u visit OZ show them their hosps dr's healthcare it's best in world, we need b rid of ins corps/employers in it
Thank you for continuing to fight and for being a public servant.
Would we ever see any other politician doing this?  No. Never. We love you Bernie.
Wasn't long ago you accused Planned Parenthood of being "the establishment."  Pack it in and go home, Bernie. We don't want you. @SenSchumer
Never give up

How in the hell do you retweet anything a multi millionaire who's never worked a day in his life and favors socialism over the middle class?
BERNIE!!!!  WE LOVE YOU!!!
No. Thank you! I am disabled and you fought for me. Enduring gratitude. Hope we keep up the good fight and Trump continues to fail.
Don't start the party yet:) it'll be repealed! It's so easy to see as it is unsustainable and we're $20,000,000,000,000.00 in debt. Get it?
Just another baby killer. Hey Bernie who's life really matters?
Thank you  Sen Bernie Sanders,  we have a son with Downs and Autism.  Most grateful!  Joan Bates
ACA wouldn't have been in jeopardy if you hadn't slandered your primary opponent & had fully backed in the general.
I am a disabled transgender woman in America please don't forget me...https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1700830740212024&id=100008553425456 …
Hey, #GrifterBernie! Where are YOUR tax returns? Is #GrifterJane still futzing with them? #RESISTANCE
Yes Yes
Thanks to all involved.
It has been a victory for the disabled community! God bless Mr Sanders.
Well need same level of personal stories to in tax deform fight - which will shape GOP austerity demands. @SenSanders @noreallyhowcome
FUK it up yes

#PlannedParenthood is helping defeat #SinglePayer in my state tho
We thank YOU, Senator @SenSanders  and we love you always.
THANK YOU BERNIEEEEEEE.  WE NEED MEDICARE FOR ALL RIGHT NOW
Yes the POTUS joined together
Planned parenthood has taken millions of lives and Bernie is exempt from ocare. I'm sure he chuckles every time one of you thank him.
Americans are going to benefit ?
Ant to hundred of Catholic, Protestant and Evangelical leaders who advocated and prayed in Capitol Hill.
I wish you was my president. You seem to care and understand our struggles.
better watch out.  they had socialized medicine in nazi germany.  alot of disabled people got the needle
He fights for those of us who cant!!
Still searching for relevancy, I see.  Have you ever had a real, private sector job of any kind?
WHY THE HELL CAN'T THE MEMBERS OF OUR SENATE & CONGRESS ALL BE LIKE BERNIE!!..BY LOVING & CARING FOR THE PEOPLE OF OUR COUNTRY!!!.
Pathetic
Thank you for being one of the #StrongVoices speaking out against the #HealthcareSkinny bill.
Thank you Mr @SenJohnMcCain May God Bless you and keep you safe!
Thank you Senator !  @SenSanders @SenBobCasey @TuesdaysToomey
@SenSanders u r a fighter and a gentleman. Blessings from Puerto Rico!
That would be so cool to be working in that legendary congressional building at night and then soon after meet and greet a bunch of people.
Hopefully they all stand when u go 2 jail mr I'm just like the middle class w/my 3  ur not supposed become rich while serving the people
We thank you too, Senator Sanders. Keep up the good fight.
Meanwhile while u r supporting PP & their innocent baby killing, poor little Charlie Gard died today, his life could have been saved
Never stop unil we get single payer
An undeniable victory over fascist neoliberal policies
And thank you @SenSanders for always being there for us.
Thank you, Senator Sanders!
NEXT #POTUS2020 #BernieSanders2020
Thank you Bernie
You are the man!!!!!!! 
That old man should be in a retirement home, he kept supporters money then abandoned them for Hillary

Classy. Just was I'd expect from a Trumpanzee Troll. LMAO! You're trying to offend me but you're just making an ass out of yourself.  LOL!!
hell yeah it"s time !! insure all Americans and bring the medicine cost in line it"s crazy and those ceo"s making billions that"s crazy also
And Thank You Senator Sanders

America, the "greatest President you never had"!  Why? What stopped you?
Millions of Americans Rejected MSM & DEM Agenda SocialChainge UNTIL the Democrats accept all Americans Are equal JAIL HILLARY DemocratsTHRU
Thank you Senator Sanders! It would have been my death warrant. Praise God! 
Love you Bernie!!!! 
I wish we had some of that spirit here in the UK where able bodied join with disabled to stop this vile Tory Gvt attacking the disabled!
Whats funny bout that Bernie was worried bout the 20% increase in premiums, but had no problem with the 500% increase ObamaCare costed us.
I support women's right to chose; I'm also pro-life; but in truth, Planned Parenthood started as front organization for eugenics. Not good!
Bernie Sanders recognized that the real heroes in the healthcare debate were the millions taking part in #TheResistance
I will keep fighting to kill Obama care there is nothing affordable about it
Disability communities? WTF! The left puts everybody in a category. Sorry if I don't see categories. I just see Americans. Wake up people!
What about the milliins of people who don't have insurance BECAUSE of the ACA @SenSanders? Why do you never speak out on their behalf?
Planned Parenthood nationally fought against the ACA repeal to save their own funding. They shut down single payer. #Resist #Bernie2020
we have to keep the pressure on to stabilize the ACA so that we can continue to have health care across the land
Your a hero Mr. Sanders, keep up the good fight we will always back you
Without you it wouldn't be possible. Thank you

Thank you Bernie!!! We LOVE you!!
Thank you Bernie! We forge on. #MedicareForAll
Thank you, 2 out of 3 counties has no health care insurance.    What is he talking about
Cool this! 
Old man, you are void of common sense and have no conviction for the truth#sell out for $/liberal 
Planned parenthood started as a racist company & still is... know the history... Bernie sanders is a scam..
And why didnt you and others we did trust fight back too ?  They had the balls to stand up.  You only complained but voted yes.
Fuck Bernie. HE GAVE US TRUMP!
YEAHHHHH--PRAISE GOD



Enjoy it as it fails. GOP is going to step our of the way and watch it fall now. You all own it.
What a great man . Senator Sanders our Next POTUS
My fight as a disabled person, I worry Republicans will cut me to the bone. BTW, I either held a job or was active duty from 16-59.
Haha! Oh, Bernie, you irrelevant crook. Just pack it in already.
Thanks for NOTHING!
Love you Bernie Sanders we did it
#DancingOnGraves
Will you be paying my $5,000 deductible?
We're done trying to help Americans caught in Ocare death spiral. We're not raiding Fannie Mae illegally to bail out Ins co's like Obummer
Boy hell is waiting for you. A special spot has been selected for eternal damnation.

#FeelTheBern #Obamacare
