Yes, socialism is a disgrace.
Very clever Cathy we're all very proud of you
It's the best a Hannity drone can do. Remember it's the uneducated they're going for....
Someone is mad that there are libraries, snow plows, the VA and highways. Yup, that's a disgrace.
Says the guy who's country has single payer. Why don't you get your ass over here & come pay our prescription drug costs & see how you <3 it
I actually pay for private healthcare. You pay for what you get...I mean you get what other people pay for.
BUT see there's the thing, YOU have health care. Millions here in the US don't because the system is completely corrupt.
Greedy old man!
What is your problem?
MAGA
You are a disgrace! @SenSanders
You're a disgrace, look at that hat
I've asked him if he was an American Citizen...and he wont answer me but his location is Russia!!!
I am a proud American Citizen. You?
Im a proud Citizen of the United States of America...I just hate trump! And I feel bad for all those suckers that support him!
Venezuela called. They want their economic plan back
You mean a plan to control means of production, as well as hedge the entire economy on fossil fuels? Yeah that sounds like Bernie's policies
Guatemala called, they want a refund on capitalism and democracy
in the meantime u guys can #Fightfor15 years of bad credit and interest rates from your towering pillars of student loan debt 
And what's conservatives solution for student loan debt? I think there's an insect for that. It's called a cricket. 
Funny how you want to keep people stupid. Education keeps people from relying on Gov't assistance. There goes your talking point.
Your just mad because Hillary B*****D slapped you in the election
I don't think he means BRACA 
i know but u can apply it to barca
Fyi my good luck was a happy birthday for the rest of ur adult life 
Evergreen.
Just wait till they are placed next to your front and the curtain falls.

Must be hard acting like you are against the scams. U Invented it.
Yes you are......glad that you finally figured it out. Acceptance is the first step. Now you can work on fixing it.
um... you gotta be more specific.
He is under FBI investigation, i guess he #FeelTheBern 
KEK endorses investigation of all #SethRich suspects and witnesses
#BartomeuDimiteHoy
#BartomeuDimiteYa
#BartomeuDimiteYa
Surely Bank Fraud is a problem hey Bern??
#FeelTheCash
You rolling over when you had the upper hand twice on hrc? SAP on unsecured server + colluding with DNC to cheat? Yet u didn't exploit. Smh
Yes you are.
#BartomeuDimiteYa
Bank Fraud???
Yes, which disgrace?
You? We agree.
Which house are you tweeting from today?
How about that fraud by the Mrs. Bernie?
Funny thing... you lost to Hillary Clinton
Funny thing, democratic elections were rigged from the start, the media and everyone was leaning towards Hillary giving no one else a chance
Yes, you are definitely a disgrace
Literally sickening. Delusional, lying, and cheating administration. With the full support of the GOP!
#Bartomeudimitehoy
Vague yet we are all agreeing with you Senator. It applies to so many headlines these days
I completely agree with you but do any of the @realDonaldTrump supporters even get that Donald only cares about himself
His action proves it on the top of the 1990s statement he made
It's a disgrace that we are the only major industrialized nation in the world that doesn't guarantee healthcare as a right of all is people.
I'm not being sarcastic but are you willing to pay for it. To the time of another 20% tax increase?
If it's going to help my country and all of its people, yes.  What's a few extra $ to keep a sick child alive ?  Or a mom with cancer ?
Good. Most people I deal with want it free
Don't get me wrong sir.But we also should be paying our workers more so that we can ALL have universal single payer healthcare and afford it
Your so right. It seems that all the g9d k ons are in government or overseas.
and should be absolutely clear to "Trumpublicans". 

When they take one last look at the office they disgraced and turn to salt.
This is a disGrace
Democratic Socialism? Yes, yes it is.
Shut up old man
Bernie
Many many people think you're a disgrace
Yes, the body slamming incident was a disgrace...
You taking a payoff to support @HillaryClinton ? 
We agree!
I know exactly who you are talking about!
You talking about yourself there, buddy?
Talking about yourself again?
Still pissed you weren't the nominee. I'll prob never trust the way this process works again! Smh
Yes he is!
Yeah, That's Life!
i love how you don't even have to say who you're talking about anymore
You are right, this is a total disgrace, when your wife lied on national TV.."as many as you want"
If it didn't hurt so many people I would say let it happen! But making a political point is not worth this much suffering!
Yes, Washington politicians are a disgrace.
Yes you are
That tweet pretty much summarizes life
I'm assuming this refers to the Trump circus, AKA "The Swamp"
Omg..Im glad you finally realized the status of your time as a senator
Yes you are
I agree.....
Everything he does is a disgrace.  Thank you Sen. Sanders for being one of the few who actually speaks up!
@stevenflores
That's exactly what I think whenever I hear you speak about economics.
What your career?
I know! I'm bummed TJ Miller is leaving "Silicon Valley" too!
Yes you are !!!
Yes you are!

Yes, allowing yourself to be bought off by the DNC to drop out of the race just so you could buy yourself a new lake home, pathetic.
I bet his talking about DNC
Burlington College, once a thriving school for artists, now looks abandoned and bereft. Yes, your Wife's actions caused this.
Finally admitting it?
Yes yes you are
Yes you are
Which part exactly? There are too many options on the table right now.
Is that your new mantra, @SenSanders? Mine too!!! #Nihilistic
Evergreen tweet in the Trump Era
How the Democratic Party threw you under the bus I agree
Let the trolls hate. Unless they're millionaires they'll be pulled down 2. Then they can c who they support.
Enough said.
I agree.
Yes you are you sellout.
Shameful
I agree
you're the disgrace old man.
You talking bout your second summer home? I thought the view was nice
Hillary probabably bought him off again LMAO. #MAGA
It is all inclusive!
Yeah, that's what I said regarding The Trip To Rome last year.
yes you are
Agreed if u r talking about Trump AHCA leaks Russia FOX GOP in Congress now, Gianforte Trump family our democracy did I leave anything out?
yes, you are.  agree
saaame
"Disgrace"

Sounds like Trump
We are so lucky to have you on our side, @SenSanders. It is indeed disgraceful what this  admin is trying to pull.
Damn, I've never seen him this mad guys. We better start beating up Paul Ryan!
Put the mirror down.
Bernie's confusing Twitter for his diary again.
No question
Bernie doesn't seem to understand that insurance without healthcare or Obamacare as it's known, is just the illusion of healthcare.
Yes Bernie we agree, you are
yes you are Bernie!
You mean the way HRC sold you out in the election? Yeah, even us non alt leftists saw THAT bernnnnnn....yikes.
What your views on economics?
Yes you are
@Megalariee talking about the Dirty Dancing remake you think??
not sure which thing you mean but the list could be so long at this point!
The way you won't address the crisis in the #Venezuela who's equality you've touted as an example for Americans? That is a disgrace.
Katy Perry?
I know! People aren't voting for me! VOTE FOR JERRY!! RULER OF THE UNIVERSE 2017
Geez I know she defrauded a college and all, but come on that's your wife, man.
Evergreen
#JewishTraitor
I'm sorry
Did you look in the mirror again Bernie Boy?
Replied your mirror.
you hate peddlers are the disgrace.
Like, all of it?
You sure are!!!
yes you are
America's new national motto.
Assuming you're talking abt the HC CBO score, I would agree, but it was so wrong when it came to scoring O'care, it's hard to believe now.
Talking about the Democratic party again Bernie? For once, you're right, what a digrace indeed!
Bernie Twitter keeps truncating your tweets.  Here's what got left off...I am!
Just a little self reflection from Bernie!
Don't be so hard on yourself Bernie...you are just a major disappointment.
U are
I agree you are!!!!!
YOU ARE RUNNING IN 2020 or NOT ???

This is "Thomming" at a high level.
What did Hillary do now Bernie?
I hate soup
This is so depressing to me. Someone with my condition and without treatment has an average life expectancy of mid-forties.  I am 36.
I was a child of poverty. Everyone deserves food, shelter, and safety. Healthcare is a part of safety.
I am not a disposable person.
yes you are
Just apply to at least 9 out of 10 of Trump's most recent actions.  Most likely all of them tho
Finally we agree. Yes you are.
LOL
Bernie, you're gonna have to be more specific.
No the disgrace is you are still stuck in a mad men era, Stalin called he wants his policies back,
Bernie just looked in the mirror.
You are the dusg
Whatever it was I didn't do it
Yes you
Your candor is rare, and why I supported you. 

It takes courage to work with the majority, and disgraceful to do nothing but complain.
This applies to about everything & everyone right now! 
You are a disgrace. Trump is your legacy. Own up to it. You wanted this so you could swing in and be the hero to save us.
What's a disgrace? Your wife scamming college students, your 13% tax payment, your 3 houses, or your selling out to the devil(HRC).
Negative Bernie. How does your wife put up with you?
Yes you are and still you keep talkin you still hunting the votes but you a little to late because your party screwed u already
I know I hate it when beach bingo isn't open on Wednesdays too :(
Stop looking in the mirror!
You are. Go cry about yourself in one of your three houses. Hope you wife goes to jail.
#WhereintheworldwasBernieSanders,whenIwantedtovoteforhim?#Justcouldn'thaveHillaryasthefirstfemalePOTUS!
Did one of your farts come with company again?
Bernie the pied piper of pot heads is a fucking disgrace to humanity, he's a flat out liar.
I know. Terry Collins should be fired.
I don't even need context to agree
He's talking about @RepDWStweets threatening a police officer.
You're watching the #mets too?
What do you like this Donna Brazile, he's talking about you @donnabrazile
Yes it is a disgrace that you sold your soul for 15 silver pieces and have turned you back on one of your true supporters #sethrich
I know, Bernie.
U had a chance 2 knock Hillary out of D race 4 her election fraud.
U had a better chance of beating Trump.
U let a fraud go.
RT @SenSanders: What a disgrace.
//
Yes. Yes you are.
No shit!
Total disgrace - our country deserves better!

Senior Moment?
May as well post this every day until 2024
Tell them Mr. Sanders
.Yeah bernie I totally agree about Mario + Rabbids
Thank the good Lord we have you Bernie.  You tell it like it is.  Always enjoy your posts.
