Bernie and his supporters work? Is this a news flash?
Hmmm you do realize that vets receive government subsidies right? That's a social program... helmet must be too tight
It may be hard but stay on topic or get made a fool.
Oh Megan you too boo
@1981meagan - let's see how long the idiot keeps talking to herself 
Megan hasn't said a thing 
Let's send the diseased GOP slime back to Russia so that real Americans won't smell them anymore .
Yes Bernie!!! It is so refreshing to see some one who actually cares
Someone who wants to help the working class and not bring them down
Someone who wants to stop corruption in politics and Wall Street in a big way
And someone who actually wants to drain the swamp
And someone who's promises and proposals can't be paid for unless you tax the average guy 52 pct.
I knew it would be some fucktard who would have a problem with an overwhemingly positive statement.
Positive statement? Bernie is dangerous he makes claims that can't b backed up. And pep's like u believe him
What's a pep?
One way to ensure that Mr Sanders is to ensure that every American has a union to represent them. Unions equal higher pay better benefits.
False!!!
Well said sir
A sustainable, green WORLD. It is possible to have BOTH.
Socialism Sucks! How about Venezuela! How's that going?
You are right all working people!
We might also remind folks that most rich people didn't build their empire with their own hands; they borrowed those of skilled workers.
Workers of the world unite!  I've read that somewhere ... worked really well in Russia, too, if memory serves.
You probably don't get invited to your own birthday parties do you. Everyone loves socialism when it benefits them
“Government is the great fiction through which everybody endeavors to live at the expense of everybody else.” - Bastiat
Government issues our national currency, established as a public monopoly in our Constitution:  Founding Fathers
The Federal Reserve is as federal as FedEx.

http://avalon.law.yale.edu/18th_century/bank-tj.asp …
Here's legal stuff on treasury/fed relationship
I'd rather fight for a world that's more free.
Your form of violent uprising and hatred have no place in a peaceful and just society.
Lol, typical socialist response. Conform to your ideology or face the violent reprisals- you're all pathetic
What about DACA? Are those workers also part of our daily lives! Let's do it together !
I agree with Bernie Sanders we must be commit ourselves to bring in this country back together
DACA result is 800,000 children's lives are destroyed. You either support the well being of the children or the destruction of their lives.
Please run again...you've got my vote!
Happy Laborer Day to all us slaves who work all our lives to enrich our political overlords who steal our money in the name of taxes
We would, but unfortunately my contractor s.o. is out working in the 90 degree weather. #actuallylaboring #LaborDay
That includes people actually getting off their asses and getting a job
The ONLY legitimate candidate for president, ladies and gentlemen.. @BernieSanders 
Comrade Bernie is a Russian tool just like Trump . You vermin put Trump in office and I hope you suffer first .
Remember that time Clinton ditched her supporters and snuck out the back door? Or when she backed foreign trade deals that would harm us?
No but thanks for pimping blatant slimy lies . Comrade . You  imbecile's lies about free trade are being bared for all to see by Trump .
Can I have one of your houses?
The problem is a lot of people do not work and could!
Agree :)
Let's go
We need jobs worldwide that help save our planet!
Continue the fight @SenSanders
For communism?
For equal pay for all
Yeah that's called communism...
Great advice. So many diverse people in this nation who want to work and are willing to work... so let's let them work. #daca #diversity
It's sure not humane now? Because ppl decided I'd be in the home, I starve today on SS: no pension, low wage, single parent retired.
Save #DACA
Bernie Sanders wants to be a communist. working class please, he just wants to take hard-working people's money and give it to the lazy
Proletarians of all countries, unite! Was it Marx or Lenin who said that?
There are 2 ways to fight for a better world for workers and Americans: Socialist or capitalist way. The latter proven to be by far better.
We have to treat well our elite; we are stuck with them for better or worse. They not the state own the means of production to create jobs.
Who can say that Walmart is not good for the workers or the poor. Or that socialist ventures like Walmart, Kentucky Fried Chick are failure?
I think you right. Parody.The N. Korea boogeyman, @SenSanders impersonating Lenin, Mr. @realDonaldTrump expressing love for the Dreamers...
Love you Bernie 
Yeah, make sure to thank capitalism and competition creates higher wages & better working conditions #HappyLaborDay
Bernie, you are remarkable with a unique blend of compassion, courage and intelligence. Polar opposite to Trump. Looking to you for wisdom.
Bernie & Maxine 2020!
Good luck with that. They are all bought and paid for.
Ask Lockheed Martin and the NRA how easy it was to buy Bernie and Jane .
You must retire and go home...
Which home ? Bernie has at least 3 that we know of .
He can take his pick.....as long as he goes...
Workers of the world, unite!
Communist fool! I mock thee
Shame all commies!
Remember everyone: NO WHITE SUPREMACY AFTER LABOR DAY!
Stop inciting racism.



Thank you Bernie.

(Please run in 2020) 
He will lose and Trump will win again. Just warning you.
Lol nope.
LOL already happened.
Unless you're living in a future world where Bernie loses to Trump in the general, then it hasn't.
Please, Bernie couldn't get past the DNC and Hillary cronies. You honestly think he will get the nomination?
Well assuming the DNC doesn't rig the primary, yes.

He absolutely can.
And you have confidence they won't do the same this time? DWS and Perez seem eerily similar.

Americans in America First. Than and only than you can spread the wealth you have.
Remember that Labor Day is when progressives like Bernie here were responsible for America folding to the demands of terrorism by socialist.
Sorry, I work in the retail industry. I was too busy working to fight for a humane world.
As soon as Bernie gets in2 power he will become another puppet DESTROY AMERIKKKA its irredeemably a threat to ALL life & the Earth KILL IT

Hey Bernie, thanks for screwing up Hillary's campaign!
...and all things free! .....not!
Labor Day celebrates communists responsible for 20 million deaths in the world so far
Fraud. Typical Khazar. Your ideology is Mammon.
Working people have to go to work to financially prop up your welfare state. They don't have time to protest.
What about the unemployed professional house guests? 
Send them un-invitations.
That would be fun. Uninvitation cards 
You are so right Mr Sanders
Thank you Sen. Sanders for your long Crusade, fighting for the Working Class.
Let's focus on America. The rest of the world doesn't give a damn about our Labor Day
Why won't you admit your a Communist? Communism is bad!
You can't even bring your party together! Haha
From your mouth to God's ears... and everyone's ears.
good to read history on topics of th day. see how opinion changed.Is FEMA socialism?Do we need to rethink socialism? http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/fema-and-disaster-socialism/article/2513009 …
Thank you, Bernie.
My sister is stuck in Texas!!!!!
It's called gods plan Jesus Christ you need as we all need to turn from our wicked ways , repent turn back to god & he will heal our land
LIke they had in USSR, Communist China, Venezuala...?
Only problem with that Bernie is your supporter all live in their patients basement !
U mean sweatshops and visa/doca workers for the oligarchy to kill all small/medium business? U sound more like a lobbyist everyday.
Too bad you didn't feel like this during the election. You @ninaturner @SusanSarandon can take the hit for this crap!
Another way to say global communism.  Go back behind the iron curtain Bernie. No no and no
FIGHT THE MACHINES THAT CAUSE THE PROBLEM NOT THE DREAMERS THEY PAY THEIR TAXES,
How about on this Labor Day Hard Working People Relax without Government breathing down our backs. TERM LIMITS 
Why aren't you in jail already? Your time is coming. Stock up on cigarettes, they're as good as cash in prison.
Mr. Sanders, please run and win the 2020 presidency. You represent the only realistic benevolent way forward for a rapidly crumbling empire.
Bernie I second this,  please run. I'll donate. Nobody else has integrity.
Bringing people together through fighting?
And then we should all go looking for the unicorn and live happily ever  after. Oh don't let anyone forget - BANK FRAUD Sanders!
Since when have you ever been for working people. If it was up to you we would be like venezuela now. Middle class tax at 90%
Better start working on the liberals. Never saw anything so inhumane in my life
Free from socialism.
We are. We voted a working man as POTUS. Not a career politician. Thanks for noticing.
Didnt see your POS response about Trumps adding mfg sector jobs OR why you stole all that cash from us  in your BurlCol fraud scheme????????
Origanly labor day was a communist holiday. Not surprised Bernie Sanders favors it.
Doofus u better just worry about fighting the fhi charges in your wife's world
Any more platitudes to share w/out solutions based in reality? Shame for leading our young people "into the sea"
I say yes too
♪ O you can't scare me,
I'm sticking to the union,
I'm sticking to the union,
I'm sticking to the union
'til the day I die! ♫
They way @BernieSanders berniepromotrs fighting...
That's what we are trying to do. But all you democrats are fighting us. If it wasn't for voter fraud you would have been up against trump.
"Workers of the world, unite!" One might say...
How is it that it's 2017 and were still fighting this ridiculous fight...in the USA?
Why couldn't you have been our president? I mean at this point Nazis wouldn't be reviving, and North Korea wouldn't be riled up.
wben did u ever have a iob 
Give it to Jesus!
Like maybe not committing bank fraud, back door pay outs or closing down schools....
Hey.  Please recount your nonexistent legislative record.  Love your message.  Don't love what you've done--which is nothing.  Clown.



Empty words
Regardless of who you support in government is supporting the rich. No one fights for you. They all fight for themselves. Kings in suits.
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/22/trumps-team-and-lawmakers-making-strides-on-tax-reform-plan-241873 … Trump team considering plan that would tax the $$ workers place into 401ks up front to pay for corporate tax cuts.
Working people are the humane. It's the politicians that aren't
How about getting back to congress and working with everyone to pass laws to help the American people to get jobs so we can work

Go away
Hope!
Yep
especially legal citizens
How much did George Soros paid you?
Working people are too busy for your B.S. and fake leftist compassion!
love and respect
#BernieSanders... TOO SOLD OUT .... TOO SOLD OUT... TOO SOLD OUT TO BE LEGIT  (Use MC Hammer's Too Legit for rhythm...)
With equal rights and equal pay for all regardless of religion, race and sex
Hey Bernie can I borrow a few of your millions? Want don't you give all your money to charity?
It's not humane to bring more people into our Country when we can't provide (health) care for people already here.
Certainly, if I don't like my tweets I shouldn't write them. Agree?
You ignored the working class that is why they did not vote for Hillary.  You are a hypocrite you one percenter!  Sell 2 of your houses!
it's time for guys like you to fade away, your nothing but trouble for America's future.
Bern time to join McCain and the others over the hill term limit boys. Mitch too. You guys are really disappointing. Enjoy the 3 houses
How the fraud case against your wife going Bern
It's DONE Bernie!!! Just happened! Your delusional fantasies have been realized...on nothing more than your constant Socialist whining.
Bernie, surrender your drivers license and report to your nearest assisted living facility.
Platitudes are nice,  but we need details.
How can you reconcile that with the fact that so much of the American economy is based on the military industrial complex? #askingforafriend
But don't trust the democrats. They'll do it again. Run Independent- we got this!!! We NEED you Bernie! I've got 3 friends I brought over 2
.You're too late. You bash #Democrats every chance u get. You don't bash Republicans. Got $27? Go to hell #Bernie Women will Always remember
Please shut up.  BTW, did you and the Ms. donate your matching million to #HarveyRecovery?

Maybe we could do that if u run as a independent. DNC still have their head up their ass!
Go away Bernie - you're the reason we have Trump!!
Bernie is a idiot who needs to be removed from office along with Ryan and songbird mccain
The whole world doesn't celebrate labor day, nor do they pay America's Bills, you senile old goat. We all don't have 3 houses.
America First Bernie!
It was great to hear you speak today in Middlebury! We happened to be driving through! Thank you as always for your amazing hard work.
BOLSHEVIC PEOPLE BEWARE!
Even if they pay 80% taxes and the only ones who benefit are the proletariat, ahem, I mean, politicians!
Dude you and your wife are under investigation for stealing millions from the working people. Just shut up
Bernie u r full of talk n no action u can't influence anyone just talk talk talk
Bernie in Middlebury Vermont today, killing it!

Shame on Qantas. Shame on Oz. Boycott NOW!

Unfortunately there are a lot of loafers....   how do we differentiate?   We cannot keep carrying the slackers.
I agree, Mr. Sanders!
How about you commit to supporting Americans and tax reform!
Agreed Bernie
Labor day not welfare day
#BernieKamala2020
Thank you Bernie for never giving up on the American dream that all people are created equal.
Bernie please go away....
It will never be just and humane as long as dictators, communists and socialists run anything.
You tell 'em dad!
You first! When's the last time you did actual work for a day?
Right after we annihilate North Korea
Bernie, all u do is promote laziness. & ur followers aren't even smart enough to see what you're doing. U r the greatest internal enemy 4 US
Thank you for making NH your Labor Day destination. You bring such inspiration. We've missed you. 
"Fight" for a "humane" world huh.
Shouldn't we commit ourselves to getting people to work before building labor unions who would seek to do the opposite?
Once a commie always a commie eh bern man

In a just world,we wouldn't have communists that never had a real job,getting rich in politics
Better call Hillary & Kamala ASAP!
So still feel good about the fact you helped the orange buffoon be President , shameful !
They did they all walked off the job protesting their pay and probably replaced on the spot.Thanks -B
Gibberish.
If so then you must abandon HillaryClinton WalMart's friend and the corrupt DNC who privately chose Hillary and now Kamala???
I've been alive for 50 years & that's always been the goal. somewhere along the line politicians & special interests have blurred the lines
You people don't get it Bernie wants socialism. Look around you in other countries. Socialism don't work like you think for middle-class.
We did join together, that's how Trump won the election
As always, we, USA are the front runners for freedom and persuit of happiness @mrsanders
Exactly what shit has he gotten done in his 40+ years in the establishment? Be specific, please.
People work in the country of their birth to grow America as a nation! Not break laws to enter our nation for education & hospitalization
How about you also commit to get people working and not on welfare their whole lives
And million dollar homes paid for with government salaries and kickbacks #fakesocialist

Bernie needs to just go away.,,
Easy words....only this. Meaning: nothing. Are you understanding why Trump won?
What about 1800 Spectrum workers on strike for 5 months? Charter trying to bust union. We need your voice. Please help us. #spectrumstrike
Wow Bernie! We're supposed to take you seriously when you sold yourself and every one of your supporters out for a new house?
Bernie, you're awesome! Best senator in the United States by far.
In what way?
Yep, and we need to get Bernie as prez...not these corporate stools they have now.
Keep this in mind Bernie as you enter your world of isolation and wealth from the masses.
Take a look what's happening in Germany because that'll happen in the USA if Trump doesn't get his way.
#MACA - Make America COEXIST Again! Douglas Whitmore, Non-Affiliated Candidate for U.S. Senate, representing NEBRASKA 2018 Election
Shout out to working class not top 1%
And people who have left the work force involuntarily because there is no work for them.
Honestly in Courts & Hard work Is The best way to fight
#ForeverMessage
How about America
Yelp
