Once again- all those politicians should GIVE UP their FREE GOVT HEALTHCARE & sign up 4 obamacare/Trumpcare.
Members of Congress are on Obamacare
& they want 2 go back to their more comfortable FEHBP plan & get Federal SUBSIDY- unlike us who make '2 much' 2 b qualified 4  it.
I'm not super familiar with senate rules, why doesn't it require a longer period of debate this time?
McConnell would just renter Reconciliation. Because time has elapsed, amendments get 2 min of debate equally divided.
ugh :(  thanks for the explanation though!
Graham/Lindsay reputations speak for themselfs. Should be voted out of office. Both big mouths full of lies
AMERICA REMEMBER THIS IS THE GOP WAY !!! Gives money to the RICH DONORS AND SCREW THE POOR PEOPLE .Vote those CROOKS OUT BIGGLY NEXT ELECT!!
As opposed to the Democrats way.   Take money from the middle class to support the lower class, which is EXACTLY what the ACA does.
I'm happy to pay a bit more if it goes to help ppl w/o.  What kind of human would not?
I agree.  The key here is "a bit". It's not a bit.  It's a lot.
Call your Senators at 203-224-3121 tell 2 vote NO & how this bill will affect you. If Dems tell them 2 slow down process as much as possible
Debate is useless when dems have already promised to vote no regardless of bill
Repeal and replace the failing ACA. Almost anything would be better than the failing, and costly ACA.
So ridiculous! Why even bother. Just call your 2 Senators and tell them SAY NO to this Graham/Cassidy bill. Tell them how it will affect you
@CivicCentaur senator McCain. Ask for Faye hearings. All fighting cancer. senator McCain 
Ya theres nothing fucked up with how are system works. 

Oh the devil? Come right in and take a seat.
A moment of silence for this once great institution....
AKA: GOP's Heil Mary
Screw the majority of the people in the US in order to enable their Donors to get tax cuts!
$ICK
Greed Our Policy (GOP)

I don't think they could do one more thing to show this is a total scam.  Side note...we miss you on sirius
YetAnother abuse of a compound fracture w/in our flawed system.If only we could make 3 new parties w/ a focus on rebuilding the middle class
How many hearings did you have before passing Obamacare before reading it?????
THEN SOMEONE SHOULD DO SOMETHING TO STOP IT! BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY!
@Deanofcomedy Why would this be admissible, procedurally?
2 minutes to screw 30 million out of health Care, what are they scared of?
Graham and Cassidy are sociopaths.  They are indifferent to the damage to Americans.  They want the "win".
And how much time was spent debating on on obama care?
"We have to pass it to see what's in It". Does that ring a bell?
That's a joke, right?
Hmm
Democrats passed the ACA without one Republican vote, so what are you bitching about.
Most of those bastards in the Senate don't listen to each other, anyway
Seems reasonable for our new fascist society
We can do this again, people !
After Sept 30, they will need 60 votes, not just 50 !!
Shame a zillion times over @GOP
Regular order indeed. Will the bill be written on a napkin like last time?
Out rages
This is disgraceful. @SenToomey @SenBobCasey please do not support this shameful stunt.
Have you considered talking about it in terms of people affected rather than percentage of the economy?
Forget the economy, what about all the people who will suffer when their healthcare disappears or is no longer affordable?!
Halp
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/25/upshot/watching-c-span-heres-how-to-follow-the-senate-health-care-debate.html?_r=0&mtrref=t.co … ... sure about that?
Anyone who votes for it should be voted out of office.
Good, Schumer has talked enough!
@BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC @GOP think what this means to people. You are saving people? Or you are playing politics to help T & party.!
@SenSanders And that's how the GOP rolls, live without a net or a care in the world for the w
This is wrong.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP Americans Deserve Better! A 2min debate, Really? ALL Americans get SAME #healthcare #WeThePpl give u? #KillTheBill

And help BS explain that MFA is a simpler system. Still use same medical/doctors etc. Just cut out the middle man HI company
Help BS explain that Medicare for All will include tax increases...but more than offset by not paying huge monthly premiums
This is torture for the American people #ThanksGOP
Not much time for nuisance in two minutes...
That's insane!
Political and Human disaster with a glaze of legislative procedure!
Procedure point: we don't have the votes for ACA but it now or never.... NUCLEAR.  But no your right only republicans
GO GOP!~!  SI SE PUEDE!!
And the House will be told to take it or leave it? 
Well that seems a reasonable amount of time to reconfigure 1/6 of the US economy. SMH!
#Surcharges you will pay to now get health insurance. $58K if you've had a heart attack.
No judgement here, just curious: if you have metastatic cancer, aren't you pretty much dead already?
Thieves and scoundrels.
CALL YOUR SENATORS! Fax them through text 50409 Do it!
GOP never win they cheat!
For context, this is about what you get in spontaneous argument in high school debate. The prepared kids get more
It's going to be interesting watching the Republicans defend this bill to their constituents.
AmaliaStokes is a bit!
BOT
the @GOP really want anyone who isn't rich to either die or go bankrupt if they get sick.  Meanwhile, more $$$ for the rich to horde.
I don't know the answer, but I do know the ACA has quadrupled me annual health care expenses.  just a middle class guy and it's breaking me
#Trumpland #ChickenHawk

God, don't let #Turtle open the debate .. that's 1m59s gone before he's uttered a word!

#TrumpRICO
Unbelievable......
Outrageous!
