To help your "comprehension":  Without Obama there would be no Prez Trump. Until you get this, you remain baffled.
POTUS is a disgrace to the US
Loser !!!!!!!!!!
Donald Trump is simply beyond comprehension PERIOD!!!
Case in point....
The guy is an ignorant buffoon
So ignorant, he became president and is worth billions
If GOP wud stop helping their pharma ceos who are millionaires &do their job&represent the American ppl.Fixing this improves health care!
Obamacare destroyed medical charity taking good care from millions, put them on Medicaid - no one wants!
It is beyond my comprehension that the flaws of Obamacare were ignored for so long. Dems had chance to fix it they just smiled and nodded
What flaws? Decency,thoughtfulness, respect for others, thinking before speeking, etiquette, intellect, honest, knwldge of blls he supposed
Not selling out our countries Intel to Russia, implementation of sanctions against Russia, not being in Russia's back pocket. Kg Putin's ass
Sanctions against Russia were nothing compared to opening up Eastern Europe as a market for US oil/gas..or selling weapons to Poland.
It is beyond my comprehension why you are not president. 

Yup... the magical unicorn of universal healthcare that EVERY OTHER 1st world country has.
Lol the guy blocks me for this post.
His bio reads = Block. It's clearly not that hard lol
It's beyond my comprehension that you think stealing from me by gunpoint (threat of prison) is somehow okay. You are a FRAUD.
These millions do not want your health insurance. Govt program is guaranteed death. Look at the VA. Veterens dying because govt can not care
Then you don't understand our buffoon in chief. He ran for the presidency to bolster his ailing businesses that are propped up by Russian $.
YOU MIGHT HAVE FORGOTTEN, TRUMP IS A BILLIONAIRE.  NO HE DID NOT NEED THIS JOB
... for wealthy Russians.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/19/business/big-german-bank-key-to-trumps-finances-faces-new-scrutiny.html …
If President Trump declared Bankruptcy 10 times would it make any difference? Of course not to a Bozo like you
No, it says more about the people that lent him money. It also says something about Trump who claims to be an a great businessman.
He is a great businessman, are you?
Shut up Bernie lost
Healthcare isn't a right and Dems own it @realDonaldTrump
Health care IS A RIGHT! Period!!
No. Responsibility is a right
you are such a disappointment to the country glad Trump is the President and not you
If the government kept Obama care and called it Trump care, President Trump would be happy
And somehow he still has millions of supporters
Yup, just like Kim Jong-un.
It's beyond the comprehension of the majority of us. The best explanation I think is that he's mentally unbalanced.
Yeah, Bernie is crazy, wants everyone else to support him, needs his kickbacks, payoffs to support his 3 mansions he didn't pay for
It is also beyond my comprehension that man's portrait will be hanging next to our founding fathers in the White House

Bernie you and your democrat buddies were hell bent on destroying the American economy and healthcare system in 2010 when you pass o-care
You're just as ignorant as POTUS! #unamerican
The cheeto we have as our @POTUS will never be my president.  He is a disgrace and on the wrong side of history.
Should we repeal or repair the Affordable Care Act?
To add to this - if you think we should repeal & replace, what do we replace it with? Yelling "Obamacare sucks" does not count as a solution
why not SINGLE PAYER, like all our industrialized allies?
Thank you, Bernie! NO compassion from Trumpf! Sorry but I see nothing good from or about him! Narcissistic to boot!
Seeing him over the last year I see him for what he is.
He is an opportunist who seeks unfettered praise and adulation or else
He is not President material He is a real estate jackal. Maybe people should find out who they are voting for next time!!!
President Trump is just like Hitler the week will be wiped away let's just hope he didn't put us applying for mustard gas and trains
From Mr. Trump!frankly America I don't give a damn.
I think Donald Trump thinks he is a King of the United States
I wake up every morning hoping to hear that the ppl of have been freed from the stress of Trump after he dropped dead.get him out
Anything 45 does and says is always about himself! Will he ever get it that the buck stops at the president's desk, or is he a fake prez?
That's the problem, #45 doesn't care about the regular everyday people just trying to live life as a U.S. citizen and That's heartless.
Shut up, Bernie! You ARE nuts! Ur brand of healthcare is the same as what happened to the baby in England. Too little too late! #keepgovtout
Ned to get their own healthcare like working Americans.Tired of supporting "moochers" who think govt is obligated to do everything for them.

Oh, you mean like Obama did with all his insane regulations that destroyed middle class jobs in America? Guess you forgot about this FACT.
Sounds like the Trump Administration to me
#Bernie 2020
Bernie, get your government nose out of our lives.
Compassion does NOT exist in Republican Party for country nor its citizens.
Hypocrite!
Beyond your comprehension? Always compromise. This million doesn't suffer a change, a different million will. Politics Bernie!! Seriously?
YOUR COMMENT WAS ABOUT OBAMA RIGHT?
Step 1: Just imagine those people are in #breadlines (or on #VASecretWaitingLists). 
Step 2: Get a mirror.
Now u have it.
This man truly sickens me by the way he treats human beings, particularly American citizens. Yet, so many still support this moron!
Screw you bernie! What about the hundreds of millions of people that will benefit!!! Get over yourself!
Support term limits and and put a stop to the corruption in Washington.
How's he still president when we now know and can prove he cheated?
For sure, it's not easy to support Trump, but yet they let him get away with crap.
That asshole Trump doesn't want anything to do with President Obama I hope he falls flat on his face and goes to jail for #TREASON
POTUS is not a leader. Leaders inspire unification, listen to those that they lead, have integrity and attract respect. I miss integrity.
Sooooo...  you think it WILL fail.
Your Socialist 1 Payer system w/ its death panels & judges making decisions for citizens health if you live that long is so kind. Hack Idiot
Shameful!!
The only thing you do is whine!   Obamacare is a catastrophic failure.  Our President Trump does not fear change!
Why did you democrats pass a bill that screws over the middle class? You coated it with lies. You have big balls criticizing
You can comprehend. ? You can't even add. Embezzling fool.
So many problems your family has. Realize you are a political has been with no interest in what you say !
Bernie what part of we are suffering under YOUR plan don't you understand! You voted for this rotten Obama care!
Much safer to talk about "Trump, Trump. Trump. Russia, Russia, Russia," right Berrnie? What about Wall Street? What about Glass-Steagall?
What's beyond the comprehension of thinking Americans is you wanting to force socialized hc on us while u & ur cronies are exempt from it
using fear monger again?MO of the left, call opponents racist,bigots, women haters etc.....they LIE, LIE,LIE and LIE..where did it get u?
It's s wonder you have any comprehension
It's even worse, they're saying to millions of people "we don't care if you die on the street".
Instead of being remembered 4ever for #singlepayer, he's echoing toxic corporate rubbish & will go down in history as another puppet.
THAT is what polititions main job is, scoring points, isn't it?  Certainly don't seem to do much else. Not doing what's good for the people.
Oh Senator, stop it.  Nobody wants millions to suffer.
It is beyond my comprehension that you so adamantly support socialism as a good form of government.
to trump-winning means everything. Unbelievable he's supported by evangelicals & conservatives when he's the least Christ-like prez ever!
Sadly, it is not beyond mine because that is the man Trump is.
YES, PEACE PLEASE DON'T,; JUST LET GO & LET GOD!!! HE'S WONDERS ARE SO INSPIRING AWESOME INDEPENDENT HALLUEJAH AMEN 
And yet you're ok with single payer. Go figger.
Impeachment that's what needs to be done.
Never have so few done so much that so many would be so miserable!
narcissistic sociopaths lack empathy.
And the ACA caused how many to suffer. You are a loon
he will start a war to save his own ass pos
It is beyond my comprehension that we have a president who cannot have a coherent thought, or verbalize a coherent thought!
Is it...is it really
Wait there coronal Sanders, that was the stratogy you ran off of. You socialist hypocrite. Hows the 6k you took as a consolation prize?
Odumbercare is a trainwreck!!!  It has failed! 
#socialism/communismdoesntwork
Obama was no better... thousands and thousands of innocent people died because of the thousands of bombing that he authorized.
Why not, you're willing to kill millions to support endless war, stripping of rights, and cover up Election Rigging. Martin would be proud
It's all about closing the deal and being in the spotlight, not about actual achievement.
Actually he would sign a bill sent to him from your workplace - try to keep up - it's a legislative bill and you work there right
That's what Obamacare is doing, you know it and all your colleagues know it. Where is the reduction of premiums,  keep my doctor
And you want to pad your pocketbook with socialist ideas
America is beyond your comprehension! Why don't you help #MAGA?!
1. How will millions of Americans suffer? 2. What makes you think he wants them to suffer? 3. Do you read minds, too?
I M WITH YOU SANDERS
taking that much money out of the economy so quickly can also lead us back into a deeper recession and more unemployment
As for "scoring political points", speak for yourself Mr. Sanders. We wouldn't be fighting to save the ACA if you had been a team player.

Hahaha loll in the mirror you don't even want to help! You & Dems have done nothing! Obama & Dems created this disaster! Idiot
"Am gonna be a Comms director in a way that he likes"   Thanks Anthony
Liar Liar pants on fire 
Is the Bernie got another beach home after he dropped out of Dem primary?
It's Trump. Narcissist. Easy to comprehend.
A lot of things are beyond your comprehension!  Get a business degree and stay off the marijuana and you can think clearly!
Impeach this clown Trump!
Only an ego maniac with fucked up hair could deny life saving health reforms to the poorest in the population, typical Trump fascism
#theBackwardMovingAdministration
common consensus is your a sellout. You irreparably damaged your political career when you supported Hillary
Impeach him now!
Bernie the President is putting America first unlike you and your Democrats
He's a narcissist! He only  cares for himself! By the way my brother and I are Bernie backers. We both voted for Hillary on the election!
True
Yeah sure #FeelTheBern
You and the rest of us with brains and hearts 
"Own it"? How about "we're not going to own up to it"?; which is what you really mean. We just haven't caught you on camera saying it yet.
It is beyond comprehension that Vermont wants a socialist senator who wants to redistribute billions of tax payer  on failed gov't systems

@Curry49Fc trumps hatred & racism of Barrack Obama makes him hell bent on destroying what B Obama achieved in order to wipe him from history
People are suffering Bc Obamacare is bad policy . Don't pass the blame Comrad
You voted for this horrific healthcare it falls on you not Trump
There's a name for that-sociopath! 
The same way you make millions of people suffer so you can have free health insurance
I feel like everything has been beyond comprehension since Nov 8
45 needs the money for tax cuts. It's another huge shift of wealth to the top 1%
#WorstPotusEver
FDJT, I have no words. Luckily I ate before I saw Trump's comments; there's nothing worse than the dry heaves.
He's steals from his cancer charity which he thinks it's his  & family money. He don't care about sick peoples his only is money
WHAT A SHAME! A WIN AT THE COST OF US   PLEASE GOD STOP THESE PEOPLE! THEY ARE TRULY BAD. SO MANY LIES
Not political  points, he's after the conflict of interest kick back in donations from them Pharma  &  insurance industry
In that clip Pence wants to smack him so bad!
ObamaCare has failed - DOUBLED American's healthcare insurance rates ($5,000/yr more for average family) and has nearly eliminated choice!
You're WRONG
Stop him. #SaveMedicaid
Bernie, show Americans a German style plan, not one that keeps healthcare lobby money rolling in, for Dems  and GOP. CUT COSTS!
Cos it's tripled in premium since Obamacare. So does my friends and Pastor. Do you really know what you're saying.
It is beyond my comprehension that you support a billl that is making millions of Americans suffer like me. I have to let go of my insurance
You made people suffer by being selfish during the election. Why didn't you point out all the fake news being directed at your supporters?
We all know the DNC was in Hillary's pocket so Sanders didnt have a chance
Yawn. She won fair and square. Why would the DNC celebrate someone who complained about them all the time. He's not even a DEM anymore.
I think there is a lot of things beyond your comprehension... Economics for one comes to mind.
It's not beyond my comprehension. He doesn't care. This Presidency is just a game to him!
Thats what you get when we elect someone so out of touch with everyday people #pplpowered
Are you frickin kidding me? That's exactly what Obamama and Foolosi did. #fuppedduck
You'll fail before the ACA does.
Not true Bernie. Knock it off.
It's beyond my comprehension, that despite the failures of Obamacare & socialized Med elsewhere u want millions to suffer 4 political points
Do you use government healthcare Bernie? I though not
Trump is a self serving bigot and a pathological liar. This is a family that cares very little about our country. They need to go now.
Serious question: how does making millions of people (US citizens I assume) suffer, score ANY politician political points in this country?
Government should just stay out of healthcare. Everything gets screwed up when you grubby politicians get involved.
Let them eat cake.
Bern American healthcare Was much better before democrats screwed it up.
By inference YOU and the Democrats are responsible...you passed Obamacare with almost no Republican votes. Now as it fails He's responsible?
However, on the arbitrary nature of Sanders, moral argument is a massive problem. By what moral/ethical standard am I accountable for?
Why does it matter? Why do people have value? I understand that's what people feel is right yet fundamentally there is no answer.
Most people hear believe in evolution/"science"
Survival of the fittest. And yet many of you also say that it is a right to have healthcare
By what moral/ethical authority says that healthcare is a right? The Bible? The Quran?  Is Bernie Sanders god to tell me what to believe?
Yes, he is beyond comprehension
Is it me, or does President Trump seem to act like a Russian agent?
It is beyond my comprehension how your wife can commit bank fraud and not go to jail for it!
That's why your not president and Trump is.  Nice 3 mill DNC brought in and going broke because their soooo good with money. 
They will own how they let millions on people down because they acted out of spite, and not for the people!
Obamacare is a disaster.. legacy for Obama, Hillary, and YOU to enjoy!
America is sleep walking into a dictatorship very scary
Bernie n jane 2 crooks!
Old soldiers fade away, but old liberal politicians keep attempting relevancy for purposes of extortion from gullible sheep!#realdonaldtrump
Heck I have suffered more under oboma care because it's a dumb program. very inefficient.
Bernie lives beyond his ungifted means due to capitalism & its inherent defects allowing extortion by espousing soc/com: Go figure!#bliss
Listen to the Beatles song Tax Man and exchange the word Tax Man with Burnie... You get it! #TaxMan #BernieSanders #SocialismSucks
Generally you prefer give benefit of doubt, but in Bernie's case; he readily straddles border between ignorance vs. stupidity!#jameswoods
Bernie should stop after 'It is beyond my comprehension' as everything else appears to be for this soc/comm!#realdonaldtrumpjameswoods
You are a sell out.
They're suffering because you and your ilk turned our healthcare system into a quagmire with few positive outcomes.
Hey Bernie ppl r suffering now I met a woman in Walgreens who has cancer her premium 1,500 a month can't afford it had to cancel drs apps
Since elected  has kicked the political football  like he is the only one on the pitch , all  promises have been dumped like he dumps staff
It is beyond our comprehension that you are still in office. We will vote you out in 2018. Bank fraud bernie
Let me explain it then:  He was elected by the people to fix the healthcare system that has already made millions of people suffer!
He doesn't "want" it, he just doesn't think much about it.

It just goes to show what a lousy president, human being, and leader he is. "Make 'em suffer so I can win" is his motto.  #crazyinWhiteHouse
Are you kidding my W.Morancy? OMG
Senator Sanders, given all he has done, this should be no surprise
And Donald Trump is for the people? He is a troll, scammer, and buffon
