Should we bankrupt every small college to line your family's pockets with hundreds of thousands of dollars? #FraudulentBernie #GreedyBernie
Should we look the other way while your family bankrupts small colleges and takes advantage of churches? #BankFraudBernie
Should we all use huge itemized deductions to avoid paying our fair share in taxes? #GreedyBernie
Should we all get $200,000 of annual income from the federal government? #GreedyBernie
Should we all own 3 luxury houses paid for by the government? #GreedyBernie
Greedy Bernie is a paid troll.
Nope! Just a proud American with a passion for exposing corrupt career politicians like Bernie! #GreedyBernie
Sheldon Adeldon looks rather unhealthy ... I hope he croaks soon... 
Me, too...!! Trump is just pure evil and I'm tired of the greed that causes so much misery...
Not at all. We love him. He won. 
Hillary Clinton won.
Brutal. It's horrible we live in a great nation where those who prospered want the American dream to end with them.
Hell no we don't need Obamacare or the republican version we need universal health care with no tax breaks to any inety period
NO U, S. Senator Should ACCEPT 200,000+K Senate Salary Per Year & MISS 98.9% of Senate Votes in 2016.
He's touring explaining health care to ppl. He supports Single Payer/Medicare4All. Like most of America. Except u, neoliberal HRC & neocons.
Single Payer FAILED in the state of Vermont.
H@# no!!! He looks as though HE needs immediate health care!
I did not see some of those on that post, you know she needs on that as one of the greedy
@obiron681 Time to STOP THESE CROOKS ONCE AND FOR ALL!!  How much proof do you need to IMPEACH?  Come on, get on wth it PLEASE
@obiron681 Yeah, they won't stop til they control ALL TH MONEY IN THE WORLD  Poor bastards, don't realise money can't buy LOVE
perfect example man of the Laodicean church age
he has need of nothing 
& doesn't know he is wretched miserable poor blind & naked
#wakeup
By golly he sure needs that tax cut more than my middle class, full time worker, student self. Geesh, where's the compassion?
#BankFraudBernie #SheLostGetOverIt!!!
Damn enough of elite criminal enterprises to avoid paying taxes. Why can't they just help less forunate. You can't take it to your grave!
Adelson is also an agent of the Israeli govt.  He gives money to pols to push pro Israel policies in US
He is the son every mother prays is never born. A vile, cold and twisted human being.
Hell no!
@obiron681 The world is waiting and relying on you to get rid of this government from the face of the earth once and for all! 
Medicaid funding is enhanced by new healthcare bill, more lies, Shut Up & Retire #SellOutSanders
Butt out of my state, bernee. We got it.
Sheldon Adelson.
@IntricateKnot1 That would be inefficient & inhuman. But the corporate mindset understand! Ready for revolution?
Absolutely not!!!!
Jesus.. He looks worse than an AIDS and cancer sufferer rolled into one. Wait a few weeks and he'll be dead. Problem solved.
We have to prepare ourselves for old age.  Government should not be our provider.
235,900 Nevadans < Sheldon Adelson who is worth 235,901+ votes - as he appears to many Senators
Disgrace!
Should we cheat investors by manipulating bank loans? Should we make money screwing voters and colluding with DNC. Your pitches run hollow.
Shelley seems to think so.
He'll no
How repulsive!  How can they live with themselves!
Give it up, Bernie !
Where's joe pesci when you need him? Smug old toad.
I'm an RN. The "god" in our country is $. Health care= human right! To kick millions off of MA is akin to murder via slow or quick death.
This is an outrage! The republican health bill will take money away from poor people and give it to rich people! Seriously?
Maybe you shouldn't have been taking that money in the first place.
I would say that He should burn in Hell, but I am sure he already will.
This guy here is a moron and I would not want to be in his family he does not give a shit about his family only money money so sad so sad
"To him that hath shall be given...." True enough, but do we have to be the agent in that injustice?
The wealthy ppl tax cut has nothing to do w/funding Medicaid. Federal taxes do not fund spending. Fed funded #Medicare4All would fix that.
Wrong! Medicaid is funded by the federal gov AND by the states. 

This is VERY BASIC stuff! Cannot be a good voter without getting this.
Ur right. Just not w/fed taxes. Gov issues new money to pay, taxes are deleted. States allowed to refuse Medicaid expansion so have fewer $.
How on earth do you think the Fed gov pays its share of Medicaid? You think it doesn't come from fed taxes?

Voters NEED to know the basics.
A dye job that good isn't cheap
heavens. Indeed
The exploited proletariat actually love it. 

Exhibit 389,994: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Di0NAnGl6Os …

#MAGA
Sheldon Adelson is shifting that $ from healthcare for Americans to healthcare for Israel:
I'm surprised that Sheldon Adelson is still alive, he looks in need of healthcare himself.

More welfare for American oligarchs?
#BERNIE get READY #TRUMPCARE FAILS #mitchmcconnell told caucus ready WORK W/ #DEMOCRATS repair #ACA  or is this hand me down LIE from #TRUMP
Be careful what you wish for:

https://thefightinggop.org/2017/07/13/abject-failure-an-existing-democrat-single-payer-system-plagued-by-corruption/ …
We should send to to Venezuela to be with other socialist that you praised. Leave America to the capitalist.
#WTF ! ! #NotMyPresident #GreedyIdiot45 #IloveBernieSanders
Love Bernie 2020
Tax dodging Un--American Hoarder CREEP
What we should do is legalize weed and use the tax revenue for education and single health payer.  Look how fast it was sold in Nevada.
Besides all the job opportunities that can come with the weed industry. These politicians are blind. Solution is right in front of you.
Bernie you do realize that stuff like this makes YOU look like a phony creep....right?
No
No!!!!
No way.  Let's get the Senate Republicans out of office.  Mitch is a waste of taxpayer money and needs to retire now!
Ask your wife
Well then vote for nanaditory use of federal money  for states to have to use medicad
Making the rich richer. Great
You pay 13.5 % in taxes. You probably shouldnt be complaining about tax breaks.
Absolutely not and we will vote out anyone who voted for this dastardly bill.
I love Bernie Sanders!!
Well, he asked so nicely! So did the Kochs, Deasons and Mercers.
#Onedollaronevote
#SheldonAdelson doesn't need it his dividen distribution does.
Sometimes, I see stuff like this and I just want to cry. At least your trying to be honest and fair with us Bernie :(
Trumpers need to read this and stop defending this bunch of self proclaimed kings and jesters who for whatever ever reason you r supporting.
Adelson's biggest sleep-robbing thought; is there a Hell?
DevilCare - also killing off thousends of poor americans. Mass murder in my book.
Says the one stealing millions of dollars #GO HOME BURNOUT
That would be no.
Nevada is in a state of emergency. Not even one email from the Whitehouse.

It's all about "levels" and dick-measuring for Sheldon the Turtle. All we want is Medicare-For-All.
Working as intended. How else will Sheldon the turtle adorn his shell with better diamonds?
Of course. That makes sense, right?
Bernie, how many people does he employ? How many do you employ?  All the ones he has hired pay taxes. That stuff you want to give away.
You can look at SO many rich people and know, with confidence, that they are certainly NOT necessarily smart. Greedy, YES. Evil, perhaps!
Looks to me like your hanging out with the wrong group.
Ok Captain. You're under investigation along with your wife for theft, yet u speak of Greed? Wow, #DemocRats are truly wicked. #BernieFraud
I I don't think Fox and the rest of our media will express it that way
That is intent
The Oligarchs won in Russia...at least for now
Yes
this  man and others like him are leaches stuck to us that we cant get rid of , they own the salt too
I say hell no, no tax breaks for anyone that makes over 100k yr!  All People deserve affordable healthcare.
If we are not our brother's keeper then who are we?  If we don't make other people's lives better, then who are we?  And why are we?
No and all of my fellow Nevadas agree!
Apparently
No
W/o tax break how will he be able to support  Repub candidates? Absurd, what happen to governing for the masses rather than the select few?
They've shot themselves in the foot and, now, they're running in circles!!
Hey, he donates millions 2 GOP campaign funds. He is imp. Those few thousand pp n Nevada will die, b hurt do not have money or matter.
I feel like mice fighting against gorillas vs the rich in this country
Crum!!!
Only if he uses the $$ to hire a better hair colorist.
Doesn't work like that Bernie. You have no clue. Resign in disgrace
YESSS!
Yup
Every corrupt GOP should do hard time for their visciousness  & greed.
Sheldon Adelson is a wanker and a scrooge of the worst kind. Take away his money and he is just an aging, hateful wretch of a human being.
These bastards would try and suck blood out of a decaying corpse.
OMG, so funny! I can't stop laughing. Funniest guy ever. He DEFINITELY deserves the money! 
Should we allow the election fraud to continue to taint our elections? #DNCFraudLawsuit #AwanBrothers #hillarysHackers #LockHerUP
You're one to talk Bernie one with three houses
NO.we should not...we need to extract additional taxes from the wealthy.
It's maddening!!
Sheldon needs the money more than poor sick Nevadans.
Repulsive
WHY SHOULF NEVADANS HAVE SOMETHING MOST AMERICANS CANNOT HAVE.  GET A LIFE!!!

I hope you live to be 150.  This administration is killing me. I have no voice.
Yes
No!  Sheldon Adelson needs to be kicked off of the corporate welfare he and his other Billionare friends receive by way of tax cuts.
Yes if many are illegal aliens
oh no just heard on the news that Nevadans have called for a state of emergency because they are running low on pot! cant afford ins though!
Should we uncover the truth about your scandal and you stealing money?
It's not about stealing money, it's about Jane Sanders and a bad decision on a bank loan for a college, that is as of right now hearsay.
He's a disgrace to the human race
Yes. Get the freeloaders working.
I agreed but what,about your wealth? You care so much give to the poor-- personally.
why should he be forced to pay for the ones that don't want to work we fought in Vietnam to stop socialism
HELL NO!!!
#GOPfrauds are capitalist tools.
well--of course--you know he can hardly get by on the private jets he currently has...
Yes. People voted for tax cuts, the end of public healthcare, & all social entitlements. Americans voted to end the tax burden on the rich.
Hell no.
Not only no, but HELL NO!! Poor and middle class (aka the new poor) are in desperate need of tax breaks, not the obscenely rich..
Yes. Its actually be 235,920
What a slime ball.
Malignant Greed in all its glory.
Is it one or the other?
Man that quote about being rich = being smart burns me up. A large percentage of people don't seek to be rich BECAUSE they're smart. #wisdom
Yes.
Of course, it's the GOP way.

You are such a political hack. Give all facts. You are what is wrong with politicians.
Nyet
At the same time, Bernie, a $48M tax break for Sheldon Adelson would be less than the cost of one F35 you lust after.
If they were a red state....yep.
He said he doesn't even care about his children's ,children's, children ( his great grandkids ) because he doesn't know them!
So why should you get an estate tax cut to leave them your money? You don't know them
Never!
Rich doesn't equal smart! Sounds like he's saying being amoral and not paying taxes is smart
Boy, it's hard not to despise this man.  But I do believe in karma.  Anyone that greedy will pay in some way.  Wish he were like Bill Gates.
Good video but it's a minute too long.
Who needs that much money
No! No! No!
Get over it libtards! Trump does not play by the DC Swamps rule book! Wtf is neutrality day?! Not National holiday, oops its snowflake day
Hell NO!  We need to return to the tax tables of the Reagan era
HELL NO!!!
Living in Las Vegas has taught me what greed is through Adelson's antics.
Wow. Republicans have no soul. How low can they get ?How much money do these people have hidden outside this country anyway
Where's Robin Hood when we need him? MEDICARE for ALL!!!!!
A man with intelligence but without a soul or a conscience. No potential for wisdom
This is a loud & clear message.  Well done!!!
Nope. Kick him out of politics instead.
Hack no
And I suppose we're suppose to believe this.
NO, NO, No!
Noooooooooooio
Absolutely I love it when the rich gets richer and the poor gets poorer!
Adelson articulates the selfish short-sightedness of wealthy Republicans and their also wealthy supporters/constituents.
You should be in the "faces of greed" as well - 3 houses, high priced attorneys, shady access to loans, giving daughter $500K job
How come you ignored the 7 million who ACTUALLY lost our insurance that we were, ourselves, paying for?
No One is listening to Sanders anymore! Berating a Christian for his faith, defrauding the bank out of millions...Sanders is going down!
Calif burned up Too Late for healthcare
Put Americans first all 325,350,377 + find the money for their healthcare even at the expense of other people's happiness? Share the wealth?
One of the best things in this video is the aerial view of Ted Cruz's comb over (+/- 1:40)
Bernie is such a hypocrite. Thats why he didn't release his taxes.
You-politicians- subsidize @elonmusk & his business ventures to the tune of how many billions Bernie? 
Stop obstructing, start working.
if you the Dems would meet together with the Republicans instead of putting it all out on the news & Twitter it would be done! Political ?
No way I need it to survive with my disability's
This is a great message. Keep it up!!
Never stay at the @VenetianVegas
You people created this problem
Absolutely not!
no way!
Ppl like Adelson shouldn't exist. Should be dumped on an island to cannibalize themselves. Kochs, Trumps n Mercers should join them.
We need Medicare for all
NO!!!
No
yeah(facepalm) while they're at it how about charging all k-12 kids $200K just to graduate high school too!
