In Alberta Canada health care is free! In. British Columbia it's like 5-600 a year. What's Dotard's problem? The name? Obama care?
No where in Canada is heath care free. Our TAXES pay for it.  We all pay for it. Then other cost like: prescription, dental & vision.
ya I think everyone knows about taxes! Hurray for you. You figured that one out! In BC like 1000 a year. AB? Nothing. No nothing. Don't post
You don't have a sales tax.  You do have a income tax.
I believe everyone pays income tax.
Only those actually earning incomes...and those that don't get a refund at the end of the year
Nobody gets a refund without working
My point was that a large percent of the population work and pay taxes yet still get a refund due to our extremely "progressive" tax system.
Here's a tip from Canada. Drop fewer bombs and spend some of that budget on life. Template is already set.
Having for private insurance is how healthcare is unaffordable , we don't have price controls and thousands die from lack of coverage yearly
The free market will give us pre existing conditions, life time caps , medical bankruptcies and thousands dying unnecessarily
No, it's to remove the for profit motive that is the answer, all the other nations figured it out. Let's wake up
Give me an example of innovation in health insurance
Sounds good.  Me and my husband are 55.
Good for you. What about everyone else?
I don't think they will lower it to 55. I hope they fix Obamacare for everyone.
Lowering Medicare age to 55 fixes Obamacare for 55+ only because they no longer need Obamacare-There's still Medigap insurance to pay too
BUT I'm only 25?!
Hopefully they will fix Obamacare so that the premiums and deductibles are lower.
So, you admit government run healthcare is broken?  Yes!

#RepealNotReplace
On the other hand , Medicare and Medicaid are working great and are popular. Government run healthcare is not the problem
Medicare is popular because taxpayers are forced to pay in...
Exactly like car insurance, we want to expand it to everybody . Lower costs, cover all and get better quality care
I don't.
Why don't you want that? You save money and guarantee healthcare to all people while getting better outcomes
#FreeMarkets
Gov't has been bought, as you've said. Reduce the gov't, stop growing it. It's broken, trim it back.
Nope, let's take it back
Good Reason for Hillary to run 2020 so incompetent Sinister Senator Bernie Sanders can't continue to steal & copy EVIL HC 2016 ideas as his own. Irony, in late May 2016, Bernie said HC was evil after 
his campaign called her a whore, racist & unqualified.
STUPID OLD MAN
.@HillaryClinton  certainly said that first and better. What is wrong with you???
If he's agreeing and you're objecting what's wrong with you?
Sinister Bernie calls Hillary evil but now try to steal & copy her 2016 ideas as his own for 2020. Bernie & Berners only makes the case of why they want Hillary to go away & not face her in a 2020 primary. Liars do steal. Onward & Forward Together w HC 2020.
@SenSanders go to bed... #bankfraudsocialistpig
Do you have a logical argument or are you just here to state useless information to the argument? Do you even have an argument?
This is horseshit-you are backing down before the fight even starts-Gonna toss #SinglePayer advocates out of hearings like Obama did too?
Public option my ass. If you give in on this I will withhold my vote from you and every other Democrat that supports you for it. #Betrayal
Also by creating a law that prevents red states from denying Medicare to sick people( for absolutely no reason)
Start with the pharmacy over pricing.  They are making $$$ off the back of all Americans.
Go to Cuba and try there
And yet your bill is for Medicare for all????  Don't get it. Why waste time on bill U KNOW is DOA except 4 political purpose.
Very few of the best doctors accept Medicare. When I got Medicare I lost 3 great doctors. Now I have worse doctors who accept anything.
Are you going on the same plan we get ?
Um, could we go to 50? Asking for a friend.......
Let the ACA crash and burn.
Yes please - this will also facilitate earlier retirement allowing more room for younger workers to move up
Open it to ALL! #MedicareforAll #IAmAPreExistingCondition
Why would you lower the Medicare eligibility age when people are just living longer?  Aren't you going in the wrong direction?
Now Bernie is stealing HRC's ideas , without attribution . Try aping her by releasing your income tax returns Bernie
Medicaid is such a scam so many people on it the never should be getting it. Fix the corruption  first
Bernie I'm 55 n am on Medicare, ssa, income=< 1100 n barely get by  living in subsidised housin
Not your ideas.
Those over 65 with low income no premiums those with good income base premiums on net income.
Consolidate Medicaid/Medicare + dental base premiums on net income n allow for negotians with health industry. Those over 65 no premiums
All by raising taxes substantially on the 53% who actually pay taxes.
