...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They....
Puerto Ricans are suffering. They are American citizens entitled to the same help as everyone else. We've got to do all we can to help.
A strange one for sure. He disgusts me. It is like we are living a nightmare with him in the White House.
His own world of cruelty.
Apparently the current one, cause thats what the asshole did. He's still out golfing & still has damn job. He's always been #unqualified
@realDonaldTrump you just did it twice but a island with brown skin people let them rot. Bull they are still apart of this country
She’s clearly playing politics and found time and resources to get her new t shirt printed shame on her BTW Bernie why aren’t u down there
I'm still amazed they let him cheat as much as he does.
It would be nice if you included the whole context of his "attack"
@realDonaldTrump What world? America, circa 2017. He just did it & I don't see anyone stopping him.
This one apparently. #ImpeachNow
Typical of an uncaring person
When is everyone going to stop being surprised by Trump's disdain for those who lack privilege?
Obama played golf after an American was decapitated on tv by ISIS.  He went to Las Vegas after Benghazi. So please...hold your indignance

Trump has a problem with "helpless". His reflexes make him hitting hard on the weak.
Judging by some of the replies to your tweet, it's the same world you and your lemmings live in.
Wait. Wasn't it him who kept whining about how Obama spent too much time playing golf instead of working ?

One of his major things in his campaign was that he wouldn't Golf and wouldn't take vacations cuz there was too much work to do. Lies...
He wasn't golfing Dawn. There is an international event going on called the Presidents Cup. He was presenting the trophy today.
Bitching? Trump is the one bitching about presidents golfing. I was just pointing out he's doing what he said he wouldn't do. Don't twist it
No you are twisting it.  He was presenting the trophy. Oliar never did crap in any of the disasters BUT golf.
Girl he golfs 24/7 & shamed a president for golfing every once in a while. Bye. There's no use in trying to talk sense into some people.
You're so right! I don't know why I try haha
@realDonaldTrump Mr Sanders does it appear that MR Trump doesn't give 2 shits about anyone but himself.! Wake up USA
Trump is from a relatively new planet called Planet Clueless. It is becoming more and more populated as we speak. No books/schools there.Sad
Bernie = #shouldhavebeenpresident
ya, if he didn't drop out like a coward
Thanks Tedwardo, I was replying to Bernie and your stupid reply is why you don’t have any friends and are the coward
. Divisive Dems, as usual.
Does he not realize that the workers can not work because they and their families are busy just trying to survive right now?
#BankFraudBernie
He lives in world that has a violent leftist, socialist, communist agenda.  Golf is a great came, usually very peaceful.
Dick game Bernie Sanders
She's a political hack! She needs to be called out
No power lines, Bridges washed out, crumbling infrastructure, unions on strike and sabotaging vehicles,....
He's not the first President of the US to be mentally ill, but he's the most dangerous.
Couldn’t agree more. Hypocrisy at its ugliest.
TELL THEM
Are you kidding Bernie??
your pal chillary is jockeying for CF position between the People in PR & the charitable donations flowing in, Cruzin for another Haiti Duh
the one where he's enabled by a traitorous republican congress.
He's clearly living in Never Never land 
A world where the mayor of San Juan would rather go on a PR tour than do something about the trucker strike that's crippling the relief eff.
He lives in the same world where president  obama played while hearing about the floods in Louisiana. We the people deserve  better
pretty special coming from someone whose world has never been seen before.........
Interesting Only the Mayor of San Juan is complaining about the help PR is getting!!Not the Mayor of Houston or Governor of VI. Strange?NOT!
We also will be voted you out Sanders.. we are turning America RED! @POTUS thank you Mr. President for saving America! #MAGA #COVFEFE 
One thing is for sure.  Fred and Mary Trump utterly failed at raising a compassionate human being.
Surely not Fred's intention.  Donny is much like his dad. Greedy & racist.
The orange does not fall far from the tree.
Loved response from Brock Long about filtering out SJ Mayor's noise. Drive on FEMA! You are doing great and greatly appreciated!
Go away!! your insinuating race stopped the POTUS frm helping PR is outrageous and disgusting!!
Time for a break, and a reminder from Kenny Rogers of days when there was hope for better things.
@TheDemocrats
Obama's world. He did the same thing, except he attacked POLICE OFFICERS. Mayor of San Juan is a Dem Communist liar, like YOU!
Trump is an animal
“Bern” is irrelevant. Who cares what he thinks!  He has no idea what reality is. And, he couldn’t even defeat Crooked Hillary with his cockamamie ideas!  He doesn’t have a clue what’s going on in PR. Shut your mouth unless you know what you’re talking about!
Well she's completely lying about what's happening down there....so there's that #FakeNews
77 / 78 mayors in Puerto Rico say the response has been great.  Of course they focus on the one who happens to be complaining for politics.
A world you helped to make happen.
Actualy he endorsed Clinton and that’s old news so grow up. This ain’t 2016 anymore. Focus on 2017, 2018 and 2020 like the rest of us
The truth is what it is.
Actually the truth is he endorsed Clinton. He doesn’t own voters neither does obama. She didn’t get all of obamas voters cuz she didn’t campaign everywhere
The same world where a US Senator denigrates his own country's "millionaires & billionaires" from 1 of his 3 houses.
What world does Trump live in where it's acceptable to attack the mayor of San Juan while he plays golf with his billionaire friends? https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/914089003745468417 …
I fail to see your point. He wants more taxes to the rich (himself included) and he wants your president to help his citizens. I dont unders
Understand what hia 3 houses have to do with this. Its not acceptable for a president to insult a mayor of not working hard enough while he
Senator should do their jobs instead of shoving both feet in their mouths
The same burnie that you live in thinking you can defraud banks but would still be a good person to lead a nation
As stated yesterday, I don’t engage with ppl who resort to personal attacks and insults. You didn’t get the memo yesterday?
Sit down jr I was speaking to the grown man not a boy
Yet you’re the one with the childish insults and continue tagging me.
I saw a Bernie tweet and responded to it also listed a bunch of other things you had wrong on your page go have a good look
The arrogant world of the white privaleged one per cent
Yeah, Bernie is something isn't he? Hillary too.  Damn Liberal 1% ers!
What exactly do you think 45 is doing that is so great?
Amazing list so far.  Stock market, jobs, GDP, deficit reduction, supreme court and on and on http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/07/icans-hopeful-that-america-will-be-great-again/ …
Every administration does so...what would you have different ? Anything?
No...it doesn't all do that. NEVER been a stock market this strong and we have Conservatives for SCOTUS now. 
And I can see how the peoples lives have been improved by http://that.Not.No  real difference
#MORON
What poor leadership it is for a guy to pick a wife who rips off a small college and somehow buys a $700k lake house on a Senators salary.
U r a fraud go give into the DNC and Hillary Clinton perhaps they'll buy you another house or another beautiful expensive car. Puerto Rico was a disaster before the Hurricanes hit because of thievery and corruption in the government and their power
Sadly Burnie this one...this is the world we live in now.
What world do you live in to attack the President of the United States. Bone head
Bernie, kiss the free world's ASS
I guess the same one that a Mayor lives in and complains yet never met with the Gov’t
Liberals only see what they want to see and only hear what they want to hear. There is more to this story and it's not hard to find.
Why don't you tell us all about it instead of posting memes?
Obama played golf while millions were suffering.
And Trump never let us forget, until he was President.
In a world where Dems never waste a chance 2 USE suffering 2their advantage! 1000's of tankers there-not moving. CNN is LYING AGAINJeez
Even San Juan mayor says Trump is "killing us with inefficiency." Since she's there and you're not, I'll go with her. He's not a leader!
LOL!  San Juan mayor, if you will check into it, is camera happy! SHE is the one causing undue suffering! CNN delivers Tshirts&hats! Bahaha!
Oh yeah, she's having a great time wading into the water yelling into a bullhorn looking for people who need help. Trump is playing golf.
Proven fact-Mayor is corrupt to core. “Maria” is political pawn. 1st Hurricane-Econ meltdown prior to Maria. Why did Industry exit PR?
Hasn't bankrupted the other industrialized nations. Wall Street bankrupted at least one nation in 2008-2009. Education protects the future.
Do you want him to personally unload the supplies the striking union workers refuse to? Socialism at work.

In a world where the mayor Fd up like new orl and Mayor - supplies got there and weren't distributed by mayor/ gov etc
Unfortunately in ours!! 
I love you Bernie.
USA!
The world where Republicans no longer tolerate being slandered.  Deal with it.
Impeach him. We are begging congress to take action.
He's going to PR tomorrow.  For what reason? Give them our Federal dollars. Something they don't contribute to.
And the king of bankruptcy derides Puerto Rico for not paying their bills.  Imagine! A fake pres. complaining about fake press
Better yet, What gives your Communist ass the right to attack my President?
Tweeted from which of your 3 homes? Did you call out Clinton for being @ same club for the President's Cup? Hypocrite
@SharylAttkisson he wasn't playing golf, was in contact w/Gen'l in chg PR. & Dem Mayor is lying thru her teeth
All the simpletons on this thread...
A mind is a terrible thing to waste.
@maddow @billmaher How about a congressional inquiry into how much trumps golf trips cost US? AF 1+ cost of aids/cabinet flying to him 2talk
Dunno Bernie, the same one where u lost ur ballz, spine & pride when u let Hillary get away w/ hacking u, cheating debates, & rig'n primary
Str8 down a (very short) road that leads 2 a: declared NSoE, censoring of all news/media/internet, followed by Martial Law, Civil War & WW3
It’s called America 2017.
I didn't see you in PR helping.
I did what I could and donated to several relief organizations. What did you do?
The same, and I also included prayer.
In what world do washed up Senators attack a Prez who has responded to crisis better than any before?
You are playing politics with suffering, doubly shameful for one who purports to be on the side of the oppressed.
The world your base helped create by being so anti Hillary
Anti-Hillary and anti-Trump. Anti-war. No shame in being against a soulless warmongering fracker shilling for the elite.
The real world, unlike your communist fairy tale land
What world do you live in when Puerto Rico says she is rejecting help. Too bad she has done a poor job with her city's infrastructure #Dems
Why dont you STFU sellout?
This one, comrade.
Bernie STHU!! Your little mayor in PR is ur puppet to make the @POTUS look bad! Tell Pocahontas she needs to call her she needs more coachng
It's disgusting to see him and his friends just enjoying their day while Puerto Rican Americans are suffering & dying.
HEY MR NEGATIVE. GET YOUR OLD BUTT DOWN TO PR AND HELP. THE MAYOR IS A DEMOCRAT.. GET IT .. DEMOCRAT.. BUT SHE KISSED ASS TODAY. MR. DOOM.

bernie stop being such a troll
it does become you but it is so lame
you would have all of America in the same shape as PR without 2 storms!
Take your old ass to bed
And how many houses do you own Bernie?
This is silly.

Mr Sanders we live in a world where Hillary stole the election from a Communist but lost to an American
Bernie -- please go back to #Independent, the #DNC is rubbing off on you.
What world does Sanders live in when it's acceptable to rip off a bank for $10m, drive a $172K car and have 3 homes? #BankFraudBernie
A world that millions of US citizens voted for. That’s what is truly mind boggling.
The facts are there, the supplies are there Did you find out why it's not being provided to the PR People? Stop politicizing a disaster #sad
#JonesAct
The same world you and your horse face wife live in that steal money from colleges!! Omg!
Seriously, it's like this is all just a game with teams. You really don't care as long as your team scores. Never mind the oil war deaths.
Bernie the millionaire who was bought and paid for by democrats has the gall to criticize trump
The same one where you attack a President during Sunday brunch?
Why haven't you addressed the FBI investigation regarding your wife?
A man that never had a job until he was 40 & elected to a tax payer position. Got rich off hard working Americans. Only a fool votes 4 U
America today, sadly. Time for those in congress to get on this. The man is unfit and a horrific embarrassment to us all.
True.  We should leave that to the cops dealing with her bullshit.
Apparently the same world where you own 3 houses
Must be the same world as you thinking you could get college students free tuition
Um you're talking about a state that has almost 9 million people alone! Individually as a state it's possible, but not as a country
He lives in the I just kicked all your asses world Bernie. And he did. So let's lose the indignation. What are you proposing to do???
How does your world work where you take payoffs& your wife bankrupts colleges? Pays her daughter lots$$$ to teach 1 course! When is that ok?

He lives in the world of thieves & liars - Masters of the Universe - who never loose.
This is the sickening shit the dems spread daily as well as MSM to divide a nation. DEMOCRATS are the biggest domestic HATE group in U.S
They booed God? What did he or she or whatever say about that? You want freedom of speech only when it suits you.
What world do you live in Bernie; a world of reality denial. You believe a lot of strange things, why the DNC rejected you and chose HRC
The mayor lied and smeared the President first. "We're dying" she said. The death toll was at 16 a week ago, & still is.
16 is the number found so far. Many areas still unreachable so number may grow. And no basic necessities. Illnesses growing. Think!
Gonna have to look around and answer, the one we are in?
He lives in a world where he fights back against the lies of unscrupulous politicians making political capital out of human suffering.
Please all politicians r the same do nothing blow hards Trump gets that and will not be of the same
I know.
Same world where you wanted to give more things away for free with no way to pay for them! Let's not mention the national debt here...
What world does the mayor of San Juan live in, where she can blame her own ineptitude of the non-existent shortcomings of others?
Also, she should stop wearing Antifa T-Shirts.
A world of his own
WTF are you to attack @realDonaldTrump with your Killary paid three homes and Audi supercar....
https://instagram.com/p/BZuPj6eFLOQ/ 
It doesn't matter cause cunts still support him, I totes wish I could have such a job, do the opp of good and win praise, yes please!

Fool Bernie!
Because... the supplies were already pre-positioned around PR... take a look at San Juan Port full of relief trailers.
While you buy a 4th home.
Trump is such a dick!
Well beanie you already knew the answer to that
Where are the truckers? Oh yeah on strike!
You have three houses
The same world that let's a socialist run for president in the Democratic primary's.
Let's just wait for #Trump's speech, so that we will hear what the mayor of Las Vegas did wrong. #LasVegasShootings #LasVegasAttack
Says the one who reaped millions off the taxpayer.
Except they have received nothing but the upmost support. The mayor of San Juan and the entire leftist media complex are all full of shit.
#FuckBernie

Please go live in Russia where you belong.
The same one where Obama ran to the links after telling us about the beheading of James Foley. You are one divisive SOB @SenSanders
@realDonaldTrump oh so true! Pot. Kettle. Black!
The same one you live in where you attack a sitting POTUS
An unethical, amoral, mentally deranged one.  He lives in Bizarro World and so do his followers.
That same one where the Dems screwed you and cheated to get you out of the race.
The world where the corrupt San Juan mayor parades in a freshly minted T-shirt  instead of working for the people.
An isolated world light years from anything resembling human decency, @SenSanders .  Please run again!
Bernie, I am so glad you are not my President. You are the Swamp. You got beaten by the worst candidate in American political history. Sad.

Puerto Rico's cop telling the truth about Hurricane Maria's aid
Hey Bernie why don't you send some of your money down there to help people instead of always taking from the American tax payer.
Same one where poor leaders saddle universities with millions in debt!
Because like any good socialist she is blocking aid for the people to advance her agenda.
Here we go again--More of this BS union story spun by right wing propaganda outlets! LIES!  #research
We live in a world where you aren't president. How about you sell 2 of your houses & donate the $ to PR? Or some of the cash your wife stole
Hey @SenSanders the progressive Mayer is touting the leftist agenda. She knows she'll take hell & knows she's going to rip off $$ of US aid
We love POTUS Trump n support him.
Socialist have had eight yrs. + to help Puerto Rico.
Hey Bernie how many houses do you own?
Well first they should be able to help them selves. Second he has more important things to worry about. See this is why you didn't make it.
quit holding grudges ok it's  pathetic be a man about it.If you haven't heard we have tragedies here that need attention.
Shut up Bernie your drunk.
You are no longer even remotely relevant.  Go home.
The same universe where you can buy two new houses off Killerys bribe money.
The same world where she is getting what she needs, doesn't participate in FEMA mtgs, and then blames others for her problem.
The same world where ppl die every day on the eastern side of the world and nothing is being done about
Because the mayor of San Juan is blatantly lying. Please don’t speak on things you know nothing of.
Sad
You R8 can make it to Tex and Fla, Bern. Use some of that college fraud $, load up and go help
This world #BankfraudBernie
He seems mentally sick if you ask me.
Bern, fail open!  I"d say nice try, but I can't even get halfway there. #LiberalsLackingLogic
The mayor is not working she's politicking for her next reelection.The Democrats are supporting her & asking her to create havoc for Trump.

The truth about Puerto Rico  & it's not the propaganda Mayor of #SanJuan has been spewing w/MSM & cluless celebritiesRT 
#TakeAKnee 
None of the liberal zombies will listen to this, they're much more comfortable hearing negative news even when it's totally false.

