Wah wah wah. What is your plan to make the ACA better? You have done nothing so far.
Sen Sanders has stated his preference for a much better plan, single payer.
Yes he has. But with no suggestions on how to fund it. You want Healthcare? Get a job with benefits.
Perhaps you haven't noticed the policies if both large ( Walmart) , mid size, and small companies to cut hours & not offer benefitted jobs.
Or maybe you didn't hear candidate Trumps lines about bringing back the good manufacturing jobs that he & others like him took oversees.
He took overseas? Bill Clinton allowed Natta and these globalist treaties. A businessman's interest is lowering cost.
Perhaps, but it wasn't Bill Clinton railing hypocritically against exactly the same policies he exploited.
A true patriot, unlike 45, would work to change unjust policy, not exploit it.
Anything is better than ACA.  It's a train wreck waiting to happen.
Lies! More lies
Rising premiums, more companies pulling out, it's only a matter of time before it collapses.
CBO says otherwise. Keep parroting republican hacks.
Just repeating what's actually happening.  Sorry you don't like facts & real life.
You're certainly not repeating facts #aca #Obamacare.
Just repeating facts.........
Not due to ACA! DUE to 45's creating uncertainity w bad consequences. He sabotoges to get his way. If u cant see this sabotage your blind
Obamacare (ACA) is killing Middle Class because no one can afford to use it! The Healthy who take care of themselves should not pay extra!
A good diet won't help you in a car accident, fire, or when you're diagnosed with cancer.
Pay for you on health insurance. Not my responsibility!

That is called Socialism! Aaron and it works only until you run out of other peoples Money. So Cheers to you moving to Cuba!
I wish they would help fix the problems with the current version. Free healthcare can work if we base it on European and Canadian models
Gov should stay away from private sector healthcare.

They use Obamacare as well. What else u got.
They use the ACA if they want 72% of their GOLD premiums to be covered by us, the taxpayer.
Otherwise they can pay out of pocket. They threw a huge fit because they lost their yoga, massages, & acupuncture. Proof...they excluded
They need that 72% and everything taken away from them. Private citizens earning politician equivalent don't receive aid for their premiums.
The disaster started in 2010.
Exactly how are you going to convince people to do the right thing health care wise when you keep telling everyone the current plan works?
ACA IS THE DISASTER!
Sleaze
Scarammuzi is the sleaze
Socialist Hypocrit
Keep up the good work SenSanders
Keep fights Sir...Feel The Bern 2020!!
Correct. The ACA is a disaster & the Repeal/replace nonscence is a disaster as well. Let it fall apart on it's own so people will learn.
But I'm sure signing the GOP healthcare plan which would only give the Republicans tax cuts would work a lot better.
I disagree.
You disagree that tax cuts are not any better? Why so?
Mr Sanders I think you're wonderful I think the people should have taken a better look at you. The only problem is you really care about us
I did not say a thing to you. So get off my page. You go take your meds and go to bed
Don't send me anything else unless you pay my bills
I guess so . Never been called that before. Go talk to the GOP...and Mr Trump and all his fine. Workers stealing us blind leave me alone now
How do we stop this!!!!!
We have a parliament under our US Constitution? News to me. Never held a job but Chair of Budget Committee? Land of Opportunity!
McConnell: disaster. 
Ryan: disaster. 
Trumpcare: disaster. 
Men drafting healthcare bills for women: disaster. 
No UHC in USA: disaster.
Then stop them and suggest solutions that can become law and fix the program.  Stop acting like a bunch of infants !
Tell me Ronny boy
Let's be real honest. If we legalize it, the gov gets a cash cow, kills black market, saves on war on drugs... That $ can fund single payer
The aca became trump-republican aca...traca.  If it fails because of sabotage it is on trump and gop. They own it now.  Medicare e now.
Washington is a disaster. You are Washington. Shame on you Bernie. I disagreed with you, but I always though you for real. Poser BS!!
it's all about the money
What isn't with these people.
It's not simple with 45 base, however big Pharma, Ins & Corp it's about $$
That you put it in-place to begin with is the real disaster and that's how you will be remembered in history!
#Disaster, one you voted for. 70+ amendments, and it is still jacked.
Actually, premium increases rose at a higher rate before the ACA

http://www.factcheck.org/2017/03/employer-premiums-and-the-aca/ …
the ACA was sold on lies. "Reduce your premiums, like your dr, like your plan" they knew were lies, yet rammed it down people's throats
And the GOP isn't lying about how many people will lose coverage or how much costs will go up with their plan, right?
GOP plan hasn't passed.  Nothing is final. What is final is the garbage ACA, rammed down Americans throats, using lies.
You didn't answer if they are lying or not
What have they lied about?  No bill has even been finallaized, so there is nothing to even comment on. Hasn't even been up for a vote
The projections. Also, you posted a lie about premium increases
No gov involvement with my healthcare. Stay away.
Bernie, you've never offered one word to improve the disaster you and your Dem mafia did to us.
Bernie, what about Speaker Ryan's middle-of-the-night stripping of Rep Barbara Lee's 01 AUMF repeal?
Who would vote for @SenSanders if he runs in 2020
Where's the Hell No! option?
If they're going parliamentarian style then they should debate it like the English-everyone in session screaming like maniacs!
Yes we know the central banks want the working poor taxed to pay for healthcare you are an evil little man.
You're a fool Senator

USA spends more taxpayer money on healthcare and cover less people than any other developed nation. Whose pockets is the money going into?
Not all bad.  We lead the world in longevity, after allowing for fatal accidents.  Lead in spendable income, after medical expenses.
I says no such thing. Only you say so
The Divided Congress is a DISASTER.    BERNIE BE AN AMERICAN NOT A PARTY HAT WEARER
Explain your plan Senator. Explain Repeat Explain Repeat.
Disaster begets disaster. Own the fact that your socialist policies passed in the dark of night is disgraceful.
It isn't.
And your plan would have taxed the middle class to death to pay for your socialist agenda. Might as stop because u have no chance winning.
...The whole party is a disaster.
What was the process for stealing millions
ACA is a disaster you got that right
Umm, Mr Sanders, it is the BILL that is a disaster, not just their ineptitude.
The ACA is a disaster
Bernie no true American wants your socialist bs to bring America to a banana republic
Bernie, you fool!
No it doesn't Bernie!
WE MUST START FORCING INSURANCE COMPANIES TO COMPETE FOR HEALTH CARE ACROSS STATE LINES.  THAT'S THE ONLY WAY TO HAVE AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE.
Yet, he just eliminatedd 18 cities contracts, and what dems are doing?
Disastrous remains to be seen, necessary all the same.
Feel da Bern!

Please, please, look at anyone but me!  Please, please, please, please, please.
#Trumpcare
To everyone in the comments: No lie, Obamacare is not too good, but it also common sense that more tax cuts for GOP is not quite the answer.
Oddly you never see countrys with universal health care eanting to repeal it
True
Another battle won in the war!
Shut up
It's difficult to fix the failed sys Dems created. ALL Gov EEs must take whatever program is created by congress. All Dems should ACA
https://youtu.be/kSrM8kq12-g  THIS IS THE DEMOCRATIC DISASTER. Enough with your corruption.
Here here
GOP REFUSE 2 amend the ACA. It is best plan that we have seen but it does have some flaws. Purposely put there by GOP 2 destroy bill.
didn't your healthcare plan fail in Vermont? (not defending the GOP, I just think you and Trump are both frauds)
Nowhere near a disaster...take the money and help the ones who need it don't dismantle it and make a bigger mess! Common sense
Everything about this tweet is a disaster. The process. The ACA. You.
You are a disaster
Your sick man and evil hearted destroying new options for more than 70% of americans.shut up lil man
XD at the very least you acknowledge that the ACA came from a republican house bill, and that makes me proud of you.
Geez. 'Lay off' already. I know Don very well and he's got a great brain for this kind of thing. Just trust him ok?
The ACA is a disaster Bernie, it doesn't provide affordable insurance let alone healthcare, America needs #SinglePayer like democracies have
What s good for the goose Bernie.
I wonder...Will we ever see integrity and genuine concern for the American people in the Oval office, or the appearance there of again??
Universal healthcare would be far more affordable if Big Pharma didn't jack up the price.  People have gone to Canada for drugs for decades
The aca is a disaster!!!! Hurts working middle class families
They are a disgrace.  Thank you for working to defeat their horrible, backwards agenda Senator.
Aca is a disaster!
Oh and KEEP the $12,000.00 a year premiums!!
LET Obamacare implode. Republicans ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR BAILING OUT THE DEMOCRATS DISASTER. If you voted Obama and ate his lies  keep it




Do you ever have anything positive to say! Your Marxist, leftist ideas do not work! Learn from history!






Agreed, all they want is a political win, they do not care about the American people. VOTE NO ON Trump Care, FIX & keep ACA
Great-great Grandpa Bern...at least it is better than the disaster u and ur democrat cohorts created & passed without knowing what was in it
Keep tweeting, u can't convince anyone.
Bernie sanders is a socialist, and if you want a Venezuela debacle go ahead and stand with him.
Preach King
Well, at least they are doing what they are greatest at, DISASTER! Destroying the country!
You don't have to have Obamacare. Your leader exempted you. Get real Bernie.
you and all the Dems are just as bad as the GOP.. all we hear is smash talking from both sides.. do something positive..
So so true
Obama had his hands tied to what he really wanted because, the house was controlled by Republicans. This is what happened with the ACA....
Go away old man , your like the drunk guy who won't leave the house far after the parties over, passed out pissing on the couch. Go away!
@realDonaldTrump Set up single payer Ocare in blue states n 4 Dems. Fund raising their taxes. Have Tcare options 4 red states n lowr taxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfgEvgVC6Qs … Where is your anger?
It's the exact same process that created the ACA.
Didn't need that assessment to know that. They are fighting garbage with garbage.
I have followed your tweets for a while now and you have yet to propose an idea to fix ACA.  First you it is a right....
Then you say it's the best thing ever and you lastest in ACA you admit it's broken. So stop blaming and start fixing.  Typical politician
Your wife stole money. You're done telling anyone how to run anything when your house is corrupt.
BS - still waiting to hear a viable solution from you...have only heard criticism.
Thanks for all the help creating a healthcare bill that works! Unlike Obamacare... Looking forward to voting more Dems out in midterms!
We need to go with your plan Bernie!
Obama Care was/is a disaster and dems had several years to fix it but did NOTHING,now they want to tell the right how to do it?Pathetic
For reference: https://nytimes.com/2017/07/21/us/politics/senate-parliamentarian-health-bill.html?_r=0&referer= …
Repubs need to reinstate funding of Risk Corridors. Rubio prevented $ years ago to push insurers out #RealDeathPanel
The republicans are a disaster and flip floppers who once would not consider trump now do to help the wealthiest
For room/ roommate http://bit.ly/2vpRqj6 
Crook
Because they are morons.
I'm no politician- just friendly neighborhood activists in Michigan
Democrats are responsible for Obamacare.   Which is a total wreck.  Socialism does not work !

IT PROVES NOTHING OF THE KIND
I can't believe the criminals we have in our government
What process to you use to rob a school of millions? Can you teach us I want multiple homes like you there Geri Tol
A painfully - for the Taxpayers -expensive disaster!


Zzzzzzz.....


The ACA itself is a disaster.
Though we liberated ours elves from England a few years back!!??  We don't have a Parliment: or, are we still a colony, throwing a tantrum?
Ig rep healthcare is crap, dems must be to. Say,  they are same thing, SO here's a better plan: GET RID OF BOTH.

NITWITS - BERNIES SHEEP making ACA congressionals coverage. Their coverage today 89% above average why because where nitwits Bernie agrees
Obamacare IS THE DISASTER.
I Hope They Get It Together

Absolutely Sir.
Says you. You and your fairy friends would not vote the anything republican do.
Still waiting for an answer as to why we can't have the same healthcare as you Senator? Hmm no answer! AGAIN
Wrong!
The ACA insanely spiking premiums while providing only disaster insurance is a pathetic statement of the Democratic Party's principals.
Bernie Hillary neutered you. Really you have no fiscal sense.
You hack us, we hack you.  MAF 
Mutual Assured Fuckery!
How can Medicaid work requirements pass muster under reconciliation? Not budgetary. #Medicaid #Workrequirement #AHCA #BCRA
We HAVE the tools, why do they not get this Bernie?
Hey Bernie where's the fix to Obamacare you and Dems have been busy working on. Ready to present it publicly. Don't miss this opportunity!
"A"CA is a disaster. Why so many republicans are trying to fundamentally keep that crap is bewildering as supposedly they're conservatives
https://www.facebook.com/OurVetsBeforeIllegals/videos/656667214532265/ …. Leavenworth Prison.
It proves that corruption reaches further than just the Democratic Party.
A disaster like bankrupting Burlington College?
ANOTHER FAKE Scaramoocher account. @Scaramucci

Bernie you sold out faster than the waltons .. but you are  communist light? There is no truth in your philosophy..
What's your plan for the debt - this is my 10 request
And what have you done Bernie to help that matter? By the way, what health plan are you on?
The people who are not MMT economists believe the GOP when it is either tax cuts for the rich or their health protection.
