Bernie, you divided and DID NOT conquer. In fact, you helped get trump elected, and you KNOW it.
Are you 4 years old? Thats the only reason I can imagine for anyone being so ill informed and out of touch to hold such an opinion.
How can one person get so much so wrong, even a Sanders supporter ?
Not Bern's fault that 45% of the electorate didn't vote. It's Hillary's failure & her team's: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_presidential_election,_2016 …
LOL. Not Bern's fault, but it is HRC's???This is why Berners are very suspect in their loyalties.
Why u always compare venezuela? Are u really that stupid?
Nissan has actually been an economic asset to the state of Mississippi Bern. Come & see for yourself. Versus what Unions did to Detroit.
In a vote of 2,244 to 1,307, Nissan workers rejected a proposal that they be represented by United Auto Workers. Oh well Bern.
They also give them jobs moron!
Indeed, the restructuring of Nissan even in Japan was the result of reducing personnel costs of many Japanese employees.
Says the socialist who uses division. The same thing all socialist countries have done for over a century right before they kill millions.
Which of your three homes are you tweeting this from?
Bernie has made it public his account is run by campaign interns. So none of them.
Shouldn't you be asleep? The unemployed have no reason to be up so early.
Thank you, #Bernie! Worker rights are #HumanRights!
Unions have their place, and have fought for people in the past. But, in more recent times Unions themselves have burdened the worker more.
Let the workers decide if they really want a Union, but do not force Unions on them.
Many times Unions dictate to the workers that they must follow certain Union rules, or even how to vote politically; workers may not agree.
greed here!!!  https://twitter.com/peddoc63/status/894873199929896960 …
If the employees for Nissan choose to go union, nissan should fire all and rehire new employees. I work for a automotive supplier
This is a crock of crap. The union comes down from the north where trying very hard to establish themselves in right to work states

https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2017/07/26/2017-15666/request-for-information-defining-and-delimiting-the-exemptions-for-executive-administrative … can you let everyone know now is the time to comment on salaried min wage too?
Looks like Nissan needs to feel the pinch. #boycottnissan #bullycompanies
Pro union, f.u. Nissan, I was loyal buyer, but now, I'm taking my money else where.
How is this Nissan's fault? Their workers voted and the UAW interests were soundly defeated. Sounds like their employees are happy.
And the vote wasn't even close. Freedom to choose, right?
Unions had their place once apon a time but no longer. There's a long long list of companies they have managed to bankrupt. Say no Miss.
When do we start taxing the for profit unions? They don't represent anything but their own greed and desires.
I live in a " right to work" state. It's definitely not in favor of the workers.
That's right. Right To Work protects the employer, not the employees.
They are bankrupting the auto industry in Detroit and other northern states. Now they try to bring their poison to the south.
Greedy corporations? These are employers, tax paying entities, consumers of products, innovators. Push em all overseas. Great idea
You are aware that the unions were the driving force that created the great middle-class that thrived until wealthy few bought politicians?
Putting aside the premise, rehashing history isn't good policy. Globalization and free trade have long since undermined the power of unions.
Not quite Sen. we reject your socialist message, remember you said Venezuela was a good model, look what is happening their !!!
Most companies dont want the union so they try very hard to make the work place very accommodating to the employees. Most southern states..
Im in the auto manufacturing plant every day. Ive seen the union come in here and try to manipulate and lie to these employees. They said no
.@SenSanders, YOU are an all too familiar story of how greedy career politicians divide and conquer working people!  You are a con man!
Please resign, Bernie! It's time to put an end to greedy career politicians! #GreedyBernie
Enough is enough! You been taking advantage of tax payers since 1981! It's time for you to step down! #GreedyBernie
How many houses does a self-proclaimed "Man of the People" need? How did you get so rich from politics?! #GreedyBernie
Greed is most certainly a serious issue when it comes to US politics, but picking Bernie Sanders as an example is comically stupid.
Nope! Bernie was flat broke before politics! Now he's a mulit-millionaire! Bernie is a greedy career politician! #GreedyBernie
What happened to your beloved free markets. Hypocrite.
Lol! Using government control and political power for personal gain is the opposite of free market! Nice try though!
Wonder how many Dems were down there helping Bernie with this important working class issue?
Apparently not enough, but Ivote with my purchases.
You support a socialist but vote "with [your] purchases"? 

Cognitive dissonance much?
are right to work states. We dont want the union. We voted years ago to be right to work because we saw what the union did to bus n the nor
They sell many cares to righteous people and hardly any trucks to #Trumpbillies. They could be severely hurt by a wide boycott
Sounds like a boycott possibility to me

The Tennessee plant should be striking too in solidarity, but it illegal to do so here. This must change!
Nissan sent a "we respect our employees corporate statement"BLA BLA BLA. OVER 40+ NISSAN/INFINITY FAMILY OWNED VEHICLES ,NOT ANYMORE! 

￼
Unions are legalized extortion. Good Americans oppose crime.

Hmm stop me if you heard this one before but...WHAT ABOUT THE GREED AND FRAUD your wife displayed
You do such an amazing job of spreading ignorance. It's the secret to your success.
I love my Nissan Altima!
U really have guts Mr. BS. U r trying to divide and conquer way more than Nissan.
Anti-Union=UnAmerican. Period.
Unions are necessary for workers- if you don't have a seat at the table, you're on the menu.
@NissanUSA Had I been aware of this bad treatment of workers, I would have rejected a Nissan rental car.
you're mad about forced dues not going into dnc bank accounts? Maybe your wife could hire them as professors.
The workers voted against the unions
Capitalism is better than socialism 7 days a week. This  has been going on since the dawn of time. We're  working people. Pot stirrer Bernie
What an interesting description of socialism, and how an independent runs as a billy goat democrat.
Kind of similar to your strategy to win the Democratic nomination - even after there was no hope. #JanesAmbitions lead the way-UNQUALIFIED!
UNIONS ARE DESTROYING AMERICA ONLY 6% OF AMERICANS BELONG 2 UNIONS HOW CAN USA BE COMPETITIVE WHEN WE PAY JANITORS $60 AN HR B'CUZ OF UNIONS
hey, Nissan. lots of other good car companies NOT pissing off the american market. want 2 watch SALES HIT A NEW FLOOR. bad policy=NO SALE!
I think America takes it's queues from ancient Rome and has a virtual slave economy.
Satya illegally interfered my employment relations a couple of times, which caused my job termination. Gov did not respond to my complaint
Socialism is an all-too-familiar story of how politicians divide and conquer the citizens and get wealthy doing it
Thank you comrade Sanders.  Another veiled complaint against capitalism, duly noted.
Crap that's so sad
Nice the little guy takes another one over the head . Like in the movie 300 "Take from them everything and give them nothing"
Kind of like ACA
@NissanUK what's your take on this?
Greedy powerful unions donate 2 unethical politicians 2 get favorable legislation. Dems don't really care bout workers
While Unions were needed during the early days of the industrial revolution, these days many unions cause job losses.
Nissan's profits aren't obscene as Sen Sanders states. What's OBSCENE is how Nissan is TREATING the workers trying to unionize. Solidarity
SENATOR THAT'S WHY THE US SHOULD BE PRO UNIONS!
SENATOR THESE COMPANIES !IT'S ALL ABOUT MONEY !NOT THE WELL BEING OF IT'S WORKERS ;AND SOCIETY!
Speaking of the greedy,how's the FBI investigation of that $10M scam you and the Mrs pulled off.And how about that new $600,000 summer house
Bank Fraud Bernie when did it become against the law for a corporation to make profit. $727 a week in Canton MS is good money based on COL
I heard they were being investigated for Bank Fraud. Oh wait, that's your Wife. Mrs Bernie Sanders!!!!
I am single With no kids Seeking for true Love partner I hope I will see and if you want too know more about me text me (909) 274-9216
They always have an they always will 
WE THE PEOPLE ARE NOTHING MORE THAN THE 21ST CENTURY SLAVES, TO CORPORATE.
Just as the progressive mentality, to separate us into victim groups and  pandora for our votes as needy subgroups. Divide and conquer 
What about greedy socialist governments have any places tapped the bell on the ole memory when that happens?
Just close the plant and move elsewhere.
Coming from a socialist, that's fucking hilarious. Your policies are the worst thing ever for workers. Ask the people of Venezuela.
Keep speaking out!
Like u and your three houses?
Cont. loss to Trump was due solely to her own history on important issues We aren't hearing HRC speak out on Nissan.
Cont. stance in support of worker's right and social justice made you our Candidate of choice in 2016. Hillary's Cont.
Cont. from Organized Labor, w/o returning support during Contract negotiation lockouts by Employers. Your consistent..
Cont. Thank you Senator Sanders. As an ILWU Family we can state as fact Bill & HR Clinton rcvd. many support $'s Cont.
Cont. and Mississippi Automobile manufacturing Worker's w/ State complicity while taking Taxpayer funded incentives.
Cont. But knows with the State of Mississippi's anti Union history, it can avoid negotiations in good faith w/ UAW ...
Exactly. Nissan is a good employer, and asset to our Economy, that said Nissan bargains collectively in majority Cont.
I trust the corporations a helluva a lot more than a fascist government you would like to have
I support these workers!
Are kidding divide And conquer is all of your mottos!
Bernie. If you do not run for POTUS in 2020 - Please keep us informed of whom you would recommend. Keep up the #ReallyKeepingAmericaGreat 
Bernie doesn't yet see that at least one other party is absolutely necessity with the two we have working in tandem to divide the populus.
Way to go Nissan
 Don't let the union bust you.
Go union it's so much better
Remember this idiotic statement Bernie?
@BernieSanders encourages union thugs like this bc he never discourages union violence.
It is sad that people listen and subscribe to this subterfuge!

Kinda like you politicians are trying to divide and conquer the American people...
Greed accusing a corporate  framework of greed? How expedient? A case of genuflecting to leftwing,labor dogma?
Union! Union! Union! A union wouldnt be necessary if nissan was just willing to pay a fair wage to hard workers! People united are stronger!
How do u define a fair wage,and relative to what? Union member with a high school degree http://vs.Phd  or IT engineer?
Nissan, be smart. You don't want to alienate progressives in the US.

You mean like Obama & the Democratic Party do to America as a whole?
You mean "greedy" like the unions? Have you ever worked a job that involved a union Bernie? Didn't think so.
We should be buying American automobiles anyway. I'm boycotting Nissan just for that. Believe me, unionizing will not break the bank.
When American cars give 10 year warranties, I'll buy one. The unions are the reason cars are so expensive.
If you are against Unions, you're probably a redneck.  (or #GOP)
As a union member, your wages would allow you to afford a new car.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/aug/03/nissan-workers-union-bernie-sanders?CMP=Share_AndroidApp_Gmail …

Time to boycott Nissan!
But that's not their function; their job is to keep us divided and ignorant of their owners' stealing our portion of Our National wealth.
You seem to forget. Killary lost the election. You're nothing but a troublemaker Bernie. Left those in power do their job.
Is name Monty de Tool?
Worked union and non union in the sane industry, union is better, much better.
Just like a Senator.
Guess it would be better if no corporations made a profit.
THE UNIONS ARE THE CONTROLLING FACTORS IN SOCIALIST RULING GET OFF IT BERNIE COMMUNISUM NEEDS UNIONS SO DO U
Bernie - you are no better than the rest of your colleagues. You talk a pretty good game, but people need to look at your voting history.
This uninformedguy is trying to divide the left coalition. That's the same as working for the Tyrumpt & should be treated accordingly. Block
Except that the misinformed can never learn if all they do is sip the same coolaid.
You are just as guilty as I am. Your Kool aid is Sanders flavour. Mine is a flavour from the outside looking in. I am not in the US.
You are misguided at best. The center/left is not Sanders or the DNC, Greens... It's all of us. Y butt into things you know nothing about?
Bernie.  You are hurting and will continue to hurt the dem party. Please get off the 1 man show band wagon last election. = trump.  Not good
Funny the government does the same thing.
Socialism kills.
Yeah, because they provide much needed jobs. You socialists are never happy unless you are in control. You dont dictate the wages so you cry
I will never ever buy Nissan.  I will teach this to my children.  I will disparage the Nissan brand everywhere I go.
Rats. I like Nissan vehicles and now I can't support them.
When nissan was talking  about  building  a plant in Mississippi ,  the government  couldn't  kiss enough  Japanese  ass to get it in canton
.@BernieSanders in 2011: "The American Dream is more apt to be realized in South America, in places like Ecuador, #Venezuela and Argentina."
I see trolls have hijacked Twitter again.
Unions are dead. If i was Nissan, I'd close the plant too.
#bankfraudbernie is turning into an ambulance chaser & a race baiter like @RevJJackson & @TheRevAl @BernieSanders is a caricature of himself
Corporate welfare it never ends
This is what professional sports owners do to cities that won't spend billions of tax dollars on new stadiums
What a joke. Nissan is doing nothing illegal. They have every right to close any plant or all of their plants. Greedy like #bankfraudbernie
Workers want unions because of bad management.
Lenin would be proud
It's ironic how much you post on greed!
This just didn't happen why doesn't people remember, Ross Perot, he said it would happen lobbyist payoffs corruption corporate government!!!

@ReutersVzla IS AN EXAMPLE OF SOCIALISM!! #Moron Is it OK if @POTUS does like @POTUS44 and #Unmask YOU?
Bernie you've been in office for many years America's trade policies made this possible the brake down equality in working people unions yes
Mississippi is in more need of unions than just about any other state...smh
Also. I have never worked for a poor person.  It takes wealth to create jobs.  Common sense.
Nice car Bernie 45 #MAGA
Just like gow you Dems and Repubs work.  No wonder you recognize it so easily.
yep like you politicians! greedy!
Anti-union is the way to go!  Unions ruined the auto industry in Detroit and you see what Detroit is like now.
Union? vote yourself out of a job. Look at GM. You don't like where u r working leave. Leave now, or join and close the factory later.
https://www.nissanusa.com/about/corporate-info … message them at this address
K
Talk about Russian trolling, trying to divide us 
Fake news Bernie
Because Career Politicians are paid too much they shouldn't be talking about Greed. How do you like your Waterfront Vacation Home Bernie?
Yes.. "Look at the greedy corporations! Ignore my wife's fraud investigation, my 3 homes, my pricey cars, all at your expense!"
BANK FRAUD !!
not surprised, Nissan makes shitty cars so it makes sense their higher ups are shitty people
let's see what happens when they shut down and move to Mexico.
How's the wife's felony court problem doing? How about going to MS and seeing first hand the wealth this plant brought.
When a corp puts investors first, workers are, by definition, last.
It's upside down, it won't work, but money talks and it's stupid, lately
Please name an industry (other than government) that unions haven't destroyed
You have no clue how the world works. But you know how to buy three homes on a Senators salary.
All you say is true. It is right and it is fair. Nevertheless, Nissan also has rights, and they can close the plant and move elsewhere. Sad.
True, and dollars vote. Personally, I choose to buy US made whenever feasible and highly recommend that. An Eisenhower doctrine.
Where were your on the EFCA? Where were you when the NCCMP was drafting the MPRA trying to steal retirees pensions? Hypocrite.
Unions r good in some ways but have destroyed companies too. Look what happened 2 GM. Unions r greedy in some cases  evil by intimidation
Over 25 years in DC and you've accomplished nothing except to get Trump elected.   Take a seat old man.   Stop attacking Dems, FFS.
Unions need to work with employers to create a balanced workplace.
Thank you @SenSanders you're still the only major voice speaking for the working people of America. Please keep going!
He fucked the working people of USA with #JanesAmbitions & his #Ego
Progressives are getting so much more w/Trump than they wouldve w/HRC
go away
I guess this is all GOP lies. https://www.facebook.com/aljazeera/videos/10155849324813690/ …
Again, thank you NAFTA for giving the rich the options of saying "you do as I say and take what I give you,or someone else will" #protectppl
YOUR SWITCHING TO POSSIBLE FUTURE CAMPAIGN SUBJECTS IS NOTICED. BUT YOU HAVE A CHINA'S MAN CHANCE IN HE'LL TO WIN. GO ON VACATION
Bob Barker is still alive
They could just fire them all & quit !
Transportation is a Right! Make those workers give us all FREE Nissans!
@NissanUSA is a great company that builds great vehicles. You are an #ivorytowerelitistcoward who commits bank fraud and spreads fear.
#BernieSanders is an all to familiar story of how greedy senators divide and conquer working class ppl
I would never buy a Nissan
But of course...Socialism isn't "greedy", is it?
No. Nor like Hilary
Not
I tweet from DTP home of the F150. Unions aren't all bad. Balance is needed. Fair Trade is needed Respect is needed.
They tell the low wage workers the food stamp people are taking their pay, and other nefarious acts.
So the taxes the workers are paying doesn't go to welfare?
Bernie Sanders is an all-to-familiar story of how egotistical rhetoricians divide and conquer parties who represent working people.
And, which party are you speaking of, in Europe perhaps, certainly not here?
The #2016Democrats
#BerniesEgo& #JanesAmbitions helped give us #Trump
Staying in a race he had long lost divided Dems
Helped No1 but #tRump
From a man who never worked a day
This isn't working out like Socialist Bernie thought, lol!
Obscene profits? Seriously? Nissan is a great employer, just ask the folks in Sunderland.
Just like what you did to the Democratic party. You and Putin responsible 4 imposing Trump on us. You are the lesser of 2 evils. Sanctions?
Agreed Bernie Sanders!
#cluboligarchy Strikes Again! #CantTakeItWithYou #Billionaires @Nissan #Shameful #LivingWagesNow! @OurRevolution @RBReich @LeeCamp @DNC @GOP
BAN NISSAN. I WAS ABOUT TO BUY ONE. NOT NOW. DISGRACEFUL COMPANY. PROTEST! SOUTH STAY STRONG. DO NOT GIVE IN!!!
