Corporations bad, Wealth bad, success bad, free stuff good.  How long does it take to say that tired old refrain??
Pretty sure his only message on that front is "money in politics is bad, causes corruption and bad policy." Do you disagree?
3 houses and a wife under inv for bank fraud related to her position of power sounds like he would fit ur description agree?
So you disagree that money in politics has caused problems? Also thank you for your service.
Sure it can more so in economies touted by Bernie, biggest atrocities in failed socialist states.  Bernie hasn't moved forward since 1968
Did you visit the cry room for the snow flakes. Bet you sponsor a bill for 24 hour councilors.
Stop trying to unite with the Dems. They have no interest in uniting behind you. Would rather lose to GOP than help progressives.
Speak for yourself.
Bernie (I) not (D) is the reason Trump is in the WH.
Hillary (R-lite) is the reason Trump is in the WH.
Disagree!!!!!!!
I'd rather watch Amy Schumer standup
I bet it goes. You deserve free college. Free health care. Free housing. As long as you don't look behind the curtain it's all free!!!
disappointed that you chose to make the commencement speech into a political statement! time for you to retire to the mountains of VT!
Sorry Brooklyn college.
Dear Bernie, please come deliver a keynote at the University of Regina! Marc.spooner@uregina.ca
Mr Sanders, are you going to mention your loyal supporter Seth Rich?
Keep doing shit like this, the Democratic party is paying for its lies and hate
I by no means support Trump. However, he hasn't been overtly racist, just a little ignorant to his wording and his generalizing.
Why are we letting Hillary and the DNC ignore us ,all the candidates Bernie supported lost to typical DNC candidate.We need to interrupt her
nobody has been right about NAFTA
yup
Are you going to memorialize your follower that killed those people, a true symbol of what you stand for.
NY will not grant you any coverage of your affairs having been found employing members of your P4 org.
You are a sick murderer and rapist.
@InSpiteOfTrump Why?
Who cares
@TomPelphrey 
Bernie, try and have an original address without slamming the President. Support him for a change. That would be refreshing!!!!
I fill sorry for them
Great speech, Bernie!
BERNIE2020
Will you do as poor a job as HRC did?
I bet a bunch of conservatives walked out, right? No? They were respectful even if they disagreed with him? Weird!
Why?
Zzzzzzzzzz
Talking points
Trumps bad.  
Socialism works, Venezuala doesn't count
Fallacy economics.
I did('nt) sell out
Free college
Bernie speech is what helps keep people on welfare..
Poor people had to listen to such a Fool...
It was great hearing the keynote address in person. Made it the best Brooklyn College commencement ceremony in my 17 years of teaching.
Oooohhh, are there any students breaking windows and stealing things and calling it a protest?

Do they have a government clinic where you can line up with the common folk?
Communist Bernie
-No Thank You
Great speech Bernie! I was moved by your story on how you grew up in Brooklyn.
Drinking game, take a shot every time he says "Trump".  Won't pass field sobriety test
Great speech! Couldn't have said it better myself, you do stand for the people!
BHt
WHY Give a #DEATHandGLOOM #Speech to OUR #FutureGeneration #INSTEAD of Being #Supportive #UPLifting #Empowering WHY #KILLDreams #TypicalDem
For free? Did you do it for free?
Boycott the graduation  turn your backs on him!
Why is grandpa munster so popular w/college kids?Cause his ideas sound good but continue 2 fail in real world these kids havent seen yet.
Lets all go.  Always fun to listen to senile Bernie and is crazy socialists ideas.
Really looking forward to seeing you speak in Brighton, UK, on Thursday. Please endorse Jeremy Corbyn for Prime Minister!
Great speech!!
Why? It will just be his same old political retroact! The man needs to remember he lost! The democrat party LOST!
thanks for the warning
Love how you refer to yourself in third person!  Are you going to pay for the graduates education or just all talk no action?   Feel da burn

Dont forget to tell them they deserve free stuff, minimum wages, and for God's sake stay away from any discussion about paying for these...
What a bore!
Top 1/10 of 1%... Karl Marx is great! End
Let me guess nothing about positive education all about anti trump. 
Food for thought.   Wonder if he'll even mention Trump's name??
---ANOTHER,EXTREME,LEFT ,LIBERAL..    THE SAME, PROPAGANDA .HOW MUCH FREE STUFF,OUR LITTLE LIBERALS WANT? JUST ASK.
Still scamming the kids eh Bernie?  When will one of you Socialists ask Bernie where he got 700k in cash to buy a Summer home?
That is not true.  You are just spouting hate points.  Are you just a Fascist then?
the circumstantial evidence points to Seth Rich was murdered to bring us the truth, stand up for him and us, call them out
Please leave politics out of it.
BOOO BERNIE A LOSER. WHO WANTS TO HEAR FROM A DOUBLE LOSER. BOOOO
Thank you @SenSanders for staying on the issue, economic & social justice for ALL Americans. 

No matter one's circumstances.
talk about the fraud lawsuit
Nice bio lol
sarah huckabee sanders?
Wonderful, lucky Brooklyn College! 
Sorry, Bernie do you have JC telephone number? You could be good friends, good guys who didn't make it
More indoctrination of our youth
Do you absolutely have to bash Trump in your address as you're probably going to?
Nah. There are better comedies to watch.
Hes gonna bash Trump. My bets are in
