Well BernieYou found out today that NO ONE in Congress, DEMOCRAT NOR REPUBLICAN supports SINGLE PAYOR DEMOCRATIC SOCIALISMHear me NOW
Tsk. That was a scam. Don't fall for it.
Bottom Line... Single Payor will NEVER happen... #berniebankfraud
Screw congress. American citizens want Medicare for all.
#everyonewantsfreestuff
We want our tax dollars to work for working class citizens instead of the military industrial complex and other corporate welfare.
And not for the welfare of Bernie's peeps who want everything for free
I'm one of them and we're all well aware that these programs would be paid for with tax $, preferably rerouted from $ going to war/Corp wlfr
Curious why you voted against Russia sanctions, Senator?
he already explained
Sincere ?: r the Russian and Iranian sanctions in the same bill? Why does BS re Iran prohibit him from voting for Russian sanctions?
They are part of the same bill. Vote for one and you've voted for both.
Ok, thanks - still think he should've voted for it. Some of yes's must know more about Iranian deal than BS. Dems know how imp deal is too.
Did you read Dana's link above? It is a very good explanation why Sanders didn't vote for the bill. Good reasons!!! Republicans don't want
Yes I did and then asked for further explanation- thank you!
It's great that you care!!!
Did someone threaten you?
Please explain why you voted against Russia sanctions.
he did:
That's from June 15. What about today's vote?
Same thing, the bill includes Iran and NK.
And he voted against.
Yes. He voted against the whole bill because it threatens the Iran deal. The Iran deal is important. It matters. What's not to understand?
Who said I did not understand?? People on here tell me he voted in favor of the sanctions which he did not. What's not to understand?
Literally nobody is saying that! People are telling you he explained already!
I am worried you were bought off by the clintons and now have no credibility! How's your 3 homes? Hypocrite.
It was a bad deal, negotiated behind closed doors and there has been no transparency.

Is Iran or Russia currently more of a threat to USA? Might have to take one for the team on this one if it's Russia
America is the biggest threat to America, hth.
And to the world
That more or less goes without saying.
Everything that man does endangers the entire world...let's think straight and begin the REMOVAL process...world in DANGER!
Iran was a democracy before USA and British secret services organised a coup d'État in 1953. Trump is an ignorant. And Bannon wants a war.

Lots of misinformation and accusations about your motives. Please be pro-active and make a public statement. Many haters feasting on this.
you're a fraud. You also don't think Russia should be punished? Gee I wonder why.
Can you read are are you just here to be nasty?
When you are only ONE of TWO folks NOT voting for the sanctions....whatever his excuse is...is maddening.
His "excuse" is not screwing up the Iran deal by putting sanctions on Iran. Plus, it would hurt the people of Iran. Nobody else cared.

Bernie fighting for Russia, his employer
I don't want to hear anything you have to say.
And yet, you're here
You are probably correct. One can only piss off so many countries before having retribution. I worried about war in the 60s. Now...
Senate votes against blocking weapons sales to Saudis which funds ISIS but in favor ofsanctioning Russiaw fightsISIS https://twitter.com/myylzz34/status/875686086604935169/photo/1pic.twitter.com/tJ3LEZkUNs 
Yeah, your no vote is super uncool. You're my fav politician, but cmon man.
All sanctions do is punish the poor in Russia, NK, and Iran. This is literally a repeat of the pre-Iraq war era. Sanctions encourage war...
No, sanctions say that we will NOT cooperate with a dictatorship. We're in one now. This must end.
The agreement supposedly delays Iran from developing nukes, and uses sanctions as enforcement.

What if Iraq never stopped development?
What does that have to do with Russian sanctions.
The Iran deal was in the Russia sanctions bill.
That sounds like a bonehead move, but he should have still voted for it.
And risked nuclear confrontation with Iran? Wtf are you thinking?
You were right Senator. Sanctioning Russia and NK was absolutely the right thing to do, but Iran? Makes no sense.
Bernie, damn... Hey Comrade You and @potus #PutinsPuppet 
You love Russia obviously

Please explain your vote on Russian sanctions.
he did already
Got it. Thanks. That does explain it. 

Again, Thanks.
I hope we and Israel get together to do what needs to be done
Actually Bern, now it's just a matter of whose nukes, Iran, China, Russia,North Korea, India, Pakistan, Israel  and so forth will get us.

Every word of JCPOA carefully negotiated. Iran does not develop missiles that are “DESIGNED to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons”.2/3
I thought Drupft was tearing up the Iran deal ?  Or does this go along with:
 -China is raping us
-China is a currency manipulator
-NK is EZ
Your are a Jew no? What will you say when they wipe Israel off the map you Verräter

Bernie, come on?  BAD DEAL, no brainer!!!!!!
That's not how anything works.
Please also oppose Russian sanctions, Senator!
what worries me is that you knew Russians were tampering with the election but failed to make a statement to further your own political gain
The Iran nuclear deal is a success – and the whole world is safer for it | Federica Mogherini

State Department Certifies Iran's Compliance With Nuclear Deal
http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/07/17/537793465/state-department-certifies-irans-compliance-with-nuclear-deal …
Delete
Russian sanctions Senator?
Shut up !!!
Looks like you worry a lot.
Sanctions in Iranian life do not feel so much we get used to
Worry then , Trump isn't Obama who made that weak deal empowering Iran with $$$$$$$$ to promote terror.
Sadly, this is going to come back as one of those "only Paul and Sanders did the right thing". Heading for war and another regime change.
It's a bad agreement, so endangering it would be good. Why do you not care about Israel's and the world's future?
I'm sure you can't sleep at night
This is exactly he and Saudi/ Israel lobbies want: Endanger it
Please share our @kickstarter campaign. Impeachment Party Cookbook!  http://kck.st/2uH1S4y  #ImpeachTrump
It's hilarious, as soon as USA has a tiff with Saudi, there's a new trade deal with Iran. When USA kisses & makes up, Iran are the bad guys
Are you making the perfect the enemy of the good, Senator? Or was this a symbolic vote on your part?
All sanctions do is punish the poor and increase the chances of war with Russia and Iran. Sanctions are right wing and destructive.
Is Iran's real danger?

#ArabiaSaudita 
#isis
Trump is such a disaster to the US

A voice of reason. I would contend if we stopped flexing our muscles in front of dprk, they have said they would back down. Thoughts?
Shut up senile
Well said sir.
Some people in Iran believe... never trust USA, and now they say this is the resaults of 2 years negotiations and destroyed nuclear energy.
The Iran deal was never ratified by you, so don't worry about Iran continually violating it. You've shown your colors Red
Yeah cuz leaving radical Islamist Iran a free nuclear path in 8 years is a great deal for the US and the world!
The American people want to see sanctions so get on it.
Those same Americans wanted the Iraq war. They were wrong then and they're wrong now.
T-Rump, is a walking disaster! The whole crooked, treasonous, Administration is The Weapon of Mass Destruction!! Disgrace....
Maybe because they aren't in compliance! Geez. So if a kid misbehaves, you'll opt out of punishing him in fear of what he might do. WEAK
Sad part is, Dems except 2 voted to blow up Iran Deal with these sanctions on Iran.
Trump seems to be set on an Iraq repeat w.Iran- He is losing complete control & respect at home & will need a war- Sad but probably true
Why In the World aren't the Dems supporting this. Crazy to endanger such a hard-won agreement.  Thank you for standing up for US
Yeah right. Shame on you.
Your right,  Trump is a real scumbag and why he has not been Impeached is beyond me.  Come on Mueller.   Medicare for All.

Lol - GOOD! That "agreement" is crap!
Bernie will support giving Iran another $500,000 to help kill Americans.
Bernieeeee, I honestly wish you were president.   
Are you taking money from Iran?
You were one of the two to vote against the sanctions on Russia?! You and trump are traitors.. You need to retire and go to Russia
Please do something, he is gonna kill the #IranDeal .
Bad deal.
We have been down this road so many times with Iran, Israel and the US, I no longer need a compass to know Trump will give in to Iran.
Thank God ..yes Jesus... u are NOT potus..
I get it, you don't like Trump. Take his name out of this tweet however, and you're another Iran-denier. "Deal" is a joke.
You shouldn't be for sanctions against Syria and Russia either.
Still the only authentic, principled person in our political system. Thanks for not pandering.
Bernie, i worry Iran will be the next north Korea. Take your head out of the sand
Great call Bernie. You never let me down!
Still disappointed in your vote.  Maybe you felt you had the luxury to vote no given legislation's overwhelming support.
What in the holy hot hell is going on with you Bernie?!? I was so hopeful, SO HOPEFUL - and an enthusiastic voter - but seriously - come on!
What a steaming pile of kaka for an excuse
Bullshit!
Yeah I’m not sure yet. Curmudgeon with a  Safe vote, as always.
This is quite strange.
"Could" is a massive understatement. Any sanctions will lead to Iran creating a wmd now that we will no longer hold up our end to the deal
I agree. Also, Iran may retaliate in such a way as to provoke Trump further. We shouldn't be asking for provocations from Trump.
Full of chit
He doesn't want new sanctions. He wants to play war. Israel is pushing him into it.
BECAUSE THE BIBLE MENTIONS ISREAL AS A CATALYST FOR WW3 ; IRAN AND ISREAL ARE NOT IN BEST TERMS  I AGREE WITH  YOU SENATOR SANDERS!
Good for you Bernie. Only you and Sen. Rand voted no, and it was the right thing to do.  Stop the crazy march to ww3 please.
Why did you vote against Russian Sanctions ?
Scratch that !
You have a twisted mind!
You're just looking for the limelight.. suck it up
Bernie figured if he voted against it, it would give him more tv time.
weak. And suspicious as hell.
Without the threat of new sanctions there's no reason for Iran to stop sponsoring terror or halt delevoplent of ballistic missiles.
BANK FRAUD BERNIE SANDERS

Should have worried about your wife telling the truth and not committing fraud to get money.
He's not into diplomacy. He won't do the right thing. He just thinks he's perfect.
How can any country deal with a dishonest US that will refuse to accept that a signatory to a treaty is in complete compliance? Shameful
You should have voted YES!  Are you crazy?  Don't you see Trump's mental issues?  He is unstable!
Still wish you would have voted for sanctions!
We shouldn't renew it we already gave billions of tax dollars what more you want Bernie
You didn’t give a dime

They were frozen Iranian assets aka Iran’s own money

Read a newspaper once in a while
You have no credibility anymore - you sold out.
Read his explanation. It makes perfect sense. Who Do you think he sold out to?
Bullshit
A man like @realDonaldTrump who rapes children doesn't give a fuck about America #whereismaria he insults a great deal of his demographic
Jesus.
Keep telling yourself that.
What about this Bernie. WHAT ARE YOU PREPARED TO DO ABOUT IT?
Hopefully, support it. The CBO is notoriously horrible at their 1 job. Big gov ruins everything it touches.
You are such a liar.  Please stay far away from the Democratic party.
I don't know details of new sanctions, and the referenced link doesn't help me understand specifically how they endanger the Iranian deal
Don't start making stupid decisions just because he is...this isn't a contest.  Pass the bill.
They wanted russian sanction, they put Iran just to encourage Donald Clown Trump
Why Iran is a villain and Saudi Arabia a hero? Can anybody explain to me?
S.T.O.P.
Ur ignoble comments= Malarkey.
After his Generals gave him a verbal lashing telling him not to do it? Trump is insane looking for cheers at a rally not our best interests!
Don't worry be happy
#auspol .@abcnews
Bernie, we're not so sure we can trust you anymore. We're starting to think you're complicit!
It doesn't matter Bernie. The most important thing is that we stop Russia.
You forget that the #EU is now in the driving seat on the Iran Deal. Trump is a bit player on this issue.
Let's send them billions in cash; that works.
Heads up Bernie, Trump gets his info from Wikipedia, supermarket tabloids, & some people in Russia he won't name...be wary of his intel!
It shows how ignorant you truly are in regards to a bully. Wake up dumba$$
Do you have a pee tape too?
Who cares that you worry about anything .All mouth
No one should have nuclear weapons Bernie. Not us, not Russia, not Iran. Not anyone.
Hence the need for the Iran deal, which they are fully in compliance
Declare him unfit..

Make sure the Republicans know they own this skinny healthcare.
I love you Bernie but I think you are wrong to not support this.
I fear that may be the case with the clown  in office.
Love you Senator Sanders! Please keep on fighting for the American people. We need you in the Whitehouse, now more than ever!!
I
Concerned about sanctions endangering compliance?  How about a few 'bunker buster bombs' to ensure it.
WE'RE NO LONGER LEADING FROM BEHIND
Fuck bernie sanders
You are right, but instead of 5+1 agreement it will become 4+1 agreement, without US.
You in on the putin game too? Shanda
The ANTICHRIST only cares about his agenda and followers or we could say BROWN~NOSER's @POTUS @CNN @usa @CNNPolitics @AC360
THATS the best you can do about the NO vote? Only thing weaker than that is the Scaramucci non-apology. Arent you fixated on 2020?
. Who was responsible for muddling the sanctions against Russia with those against other countries?  It will necessarily dilute our message.
this will play right into the hands of Iran hardliners and ruin Americas credibility for a looong time,there are 5 more partners in the deal
American credibility was ruined the second you let a dried satsuma with a camel Pune haircut be the commander in chief....
.Can you submit an alternative bill to sanction Russia alone? Surely this would be a more appropriate response to their interference.
That is NOT how it works and you know it. smh at the purity politics again.
You're lying
We'd benifit more from a show of united support from the entire Senate against Russia than your worries about Trump and the Iran deal.
Reality is that Russia sanctions are 1/3 of the bill.  No matter how hard you pretend it is only Russia sanctions.  Its not.
No matter how hard Bernie pretends this would make any difference to actions *rump might take, it would not.
Sorry Bernie but the Russia election meddling is a bigger deal right now. The friggin house is on fire and ur worried about the outhouse.
lol the iran nuclear deal is "the outhouse"
Bernie I trust your judgement. Please explain further.
About as you can throw him
You mean the treaty that wasn't debated?!
Slippery slope
weak
I understand.  And continue to support you, Senator.
Thanks, you've now got me worried about something else about this administration.  Wish you were there.!
How can you clearly think about anything else with you and your wife under FBI investigation?
Senator, your position on this vote still not clear in tweet space provided. Please provide clarification on your website.
The link is already posted higher up in this thread. Or you could have found it yourself anyway. 
Jeez, Bern ...
Logic
Thought obama said we had nothing to worry about?
Agree with you
Sometimes your so right right now you're so wrong.
Or, the Moscow honeymoon.
Impeach trump# make America great again.
We have to put a stop to this mad man in our white house before he messes up our national security anymore than he has already. HE IS MENTAL
He'd undo world peace if Obama had established it
We all are sir
We really need to worry about you, you Marxist socialist old fart.
Kay goh ojahn dah main dah gAin
Yes, but Sanctions to Russia are right now more important.
What do you know?
Bernie Sanders is an ass!
Get with the Twitter times, Bernie. Everyone is talking about the Mooch! 
Bernie you are the role model!
Thank you!  Appreciate the clarification.
Peace Making Peace Being
Do you think he actually has any idea about any of this?
King of worrying, Donald Trump just spilled his sippy cup
are you stanning bernie sanders
yes
Go back to sleep Bernie, u lost.
Congressional Republicans hate America, or Trump would have been gone months ago.
It's good to see you stick up for Iran.
Shouldn't you be out rallying other Senators around this? Oh yeah, you just tweet and talk, you never actually DO anything.
What were you Trump voters saying about Trump putting an end to Soros terror? Sayagain. http://forward.com/news/national/377658/jared-ivanka-reveal-new-assets-including-foreign-loans-and-israel-bonds/?utm_content=daily_Newsletter_MainList_Title_Position-1&utm_source=Sailthru&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Daily+-+Sat-Sun+2017-07-23&utm_term=The+Forward+Today+Monday-Friday … @realDonaldTrump 

#CNNSOTU
Except no one will be sanctioning Israel's Netanyahu or his plans, because Trump & his family are his little puppets
The collusion isn't btwn Russians and Trump real collusion btwn Zionists and #Trump https://twitter.com/JaniceKortkamp/status/883794198914355200 … or he captured by zios
Makes sense. We were making progress with Iran that this could undo. Hopefully not...
The Russia/North Korean sactions are THE immediate problem. What is it the Congress doesn't understand here?
Obama caves to a nation that supports terrorists. We have no way to even enforces the current deals sanctions. We need a stronger agreement
How so I'd like to know what main stream media outlet told you that
Is Iran supplying us with anything? Oil? Does Saudi Arabia have a nuclear program and wants to use it on our ally Israel?
