I love it, in theory... Where does the funding come from though? How much more debt can our country take on?
This notion that we can't afford it is false, it's a matter of what we choose to pay for. We should care enough to care for ourselves.
...and others, right?
Once again, it sounds great. I would love to live in a Utopia... Beautiful ideas don't always work though.
By your standards every industrialized country other than the US is a Utopia. This idea literally works in every other country right now.
And no other country has a healthcare plan as generous as the Medicare for All Act.
Please tell me what every industrialized country on earth apart from the USA is missing out on?
I'm not saying single-payer is impossible, but we need to cut down some of the befits to make it affordable. $20 Trillion in debt already.
Medicare is the U.S's Most popular social service next to social security.
So you establishment bots have a lot to worry about. You will fight us and you will fail. That is all.
The ACA repeal is coming from Paul Ryan, not Bernie Sanders. You are disingenuous and transparent.
Your capacity for bullshit is quite remarkable. End of conversation.
the rich have already left the country
great example of how rich people can hold a country hostage over not getting their way all the time
worked out really well with absolutely no detrimental effects on american society 20 years later
the legislation bill signed lead to directly to a massive recession and the highest inequality in america since slavery.
That company needs to be sued for every dime it has. Gov Scott needs to enact strict nursing home laws. I worked in nursing homes in FL.
Republicans only care about , but whose ? Not America's, the country already spent on  , not saving skilled citizens is  & wasteful.
How right you are, it seems that middle class people paying the most for healthcare
Mr Communist Sanders, tell ppl truth. Docs don't spend 12-16 years studying so they can work for gov wages.
We must have COST CAPS!  No more ≈$600 for #EpiPen duo while Canada is paying ≈$200 for the same thing!  STOP THE RIP OFF BY BIG PHARMA!
THIS is what a properly run public health system actually does! EpiPen on PBS for $37.80 (usually $187.05). Yet, over $600 each in the USA!
Exactly!  Is that Canada?  What is PBS?  The US ACA is really a giveaway to #BigPharma & #HealthInsurance, not #Healthcare.
Australia. Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme - basically heavily reduced medicine for common/critical/expensive meds.
You said that about Obama care & that was all lies...
To wait months to get appointment with doctors that I don't even choose? No thank you!
Correct..!
It is a disaster to think u will get quality healthcare through the gov. Good docs will still be available to the rich,  not average ppl
STOP TRYING TO MAKE US A COMMUNIST COUNTRY!!!!!!!! 
So do you help your family when they are in trouble ? What about helping your friends when they move ? #democratic #socialism #empathy
One should choose to help family, friends, and fellow humans.  One should not be forced to do so.  If forced, it is violence.
By voting for #MedicareForAll that is exactly what you will be doing .
You must think the Mafia is empathetic to shopkeepers having to buy protection.
Bernie trying to turn us into Venezuela. In 2011, he praised thay country compared to US.
the cost of #Insurance goes down, but taxes go up.
Watch me pull a #trillion dollars out of my hat
Will it save us the kind of money you promised with the ACA? Because your idea of saving me money is screwy! More than doubled my rates!
A) you won't have rates.
B) as of its most recent report, the non-partisan CBO projected that the ACA was on track to save the country $143B
Seriously!  A. Won't have rates because it's FREE..that's funny! B. CBO, on track to save $143B. Fantastic, that will cover 20% of 1 yr Medi
I never said it was free. You'll trade premiums and deductibles for higher taxes, but eliminate ins profits and expand evidence based care
Cool story, bro. Except that there is no country that has an effective income tax rate of 45%  on $21k.  Name the country and prove me wrong
@realDonaldTrump hope you plan on vetoing this insanity that ole Bernie has going on.. I want Gov't OUT of my health care..  No Socialisem
You can build your own fuckin roads at the same time then
What about when you tax the life out of them to pay for it?  You don't understand the basics of money or economics even slightly. Unreal.
I payed $3,600 a year before ObamaCare I was told it would save me $2,500 today it cost me $9700 never trust socialist never
Make sure to mention it's portability for workers and cost saving to small businesses!
Medicare for all is the most pro-business legislation imaginable.  Companies may be unburdened by risk of coverage, that we all share.
Exactly. How many small businesses don't expand because the cost of having more employees jumps when health ins. Is involved? SP fixes that.
The small business I work for struggles to hire good talent because they can't afford the exorbitant insurance rates charged to sm business
This is exactly what the nation needs! 
And do you not care how much your taxes are going to increase?
Average American pays about the same in income tax as the average Canadian. They have universal HC. Taxes aren't the problem, wars are.
Incorrect. Canadians dont have loop holes for rich and the Canadians have a VAT. Canada employers are also taxed as part of hc #truthbetold
Talk about how the small business owners would also be able to save thousands - win win for everyone!!
They got you with that propaganda....hook, line and sinker.
No I lived under socialized meds and moved here with my family to get the lufe saving meds needed to keep my mom alive.
I call bullshit. Your regurgitating propaganda. The only people coming to the US for medical treatment are coming for elective surgery or
No I sit w/them in chemo but nice try. I live it your the one falling for the lie!
Here we go with the families saving money! Isn't that the same rhetoric you used to come up with this debacle in the first place?
No, it means doctors stop taking Medicare, reducing care for seniors. You are literally taking care away from the elderly. #MedicareForAll
This is bullshit I will pay more and have less coverage it's great if you are poor 

If not... lube up
Why must we all be on the crappy Medicare system?  Why not just add the small percentage of uninsured who want insurance to the Medicare?
Read the fine print of this crap being introduced by o
I agree with You Bernie, You smart, intelligent Accountant, Bookkeeper, and Manager!
But Bernie how will will pay for that 700mi military budget?! & all of those #CIA #BlackOps #HEALTHCAREISARIGHT #singlepayer #STILLSANDERS
Please learn Economics.
How old are you. What degree do you have?
It's time for a new approach to the rights of people to life saving medical care
YOU said it WILL bankrupt us! We need UR Federal Plan & competition between the options will keep prices down. This is NOT progressive!
No it's immoral. How do you not see this? And no we would loose thousands of dollars in all the taxes you are going to raise.
Nothing is free in life. You need to understand that
 so make a graph with an arrow pointing down... Very convincing 
"It's not like the first world pays half as much for better outcomes or anything. I am very smart"
So just putting a picture of an arrow going down makes 4 UR argument of single payer? How much am I going to be paying out of my taxes?!
I am a self employed single mother with Obamacare. I have 2 teenage kids, 1 on Mcare. Our med expenses will be around 10K this year
Access to health care for all should be a no brainer. Aren't we our brother's keeper! Self-less not selfish is humanity.
Private insurers have cost Medicare almost $300 billion more.
Are insurance companies involved?
Next ACA debacle?
http://www.pnhp.org/news/2013/may/Private-insurers-Medicare-Advantage-plans-cost-Medicare-an-extra-%2434.1-billion-in-2012 …
Where's the CBO score, Bernie?
We were lied to about saving $2500 per family with ACA, which you supported.  Now you expect us to believe this lie too?
Do We Accept that Under #ACA ObamaCare 33 Million Americans Still Don't Have Health Insurance http://53eig.ht/1Mv4fes —#SinglePayer #TheBern
Yet decades ago you said that it would bankrupt the nation.
Liar
#NeverTrumpHillary Sincerity #MedicareForAll CoSponsors? Bipartisan Push to Scrap Medical Device Tax—Cautionary Tale
Amen! Thank you Bernie Sanders!

Donald Trump says Universal Healthcare is necessary to make America Great Again @SenSanders #MedicareForAll Retweet!! 
Bernie's always pitching how Middle Class gets med break yet wants to give out tons of free stuff which Middle Class will have to pay for.
Substitute the word medical with water, under bernie plan would you get more or less?
Math does not work, higher taxes, less access to medical care...Bernie?
