Trump will be our president for eight years!!! your propaganda won't hurt him. We are praying for him, God will protect him

I am not believing in a fake claim based on a phone call!!!!
Remember the interview in the Oval Office?  "I don't stand for anything."  Get it, dummy?
continue spreding the fake news, and be prepare for what is coming!
Remember the interview in the Oval Office? "I don't stand for anything."
We need a special prosecutor to conduct an independent investigation into hillary clinton.
Why? Is she president?
No, but she and the DNC are the only ones we actually have any evidence of meddling/ hacking our election.  Why did Schultz step down again?
She has absolutely nothing to do with Trump obstruction of justice & releasing classified Intel ! typical Russian disinformation tactics
All this shit was made up after she started loosing and no one was coming to her rallies.
Ya he really has Bigly turnouts bahahah there were more protestors outside in Pa then peoole inside the venue

Another Bot a whole 10 followers
@MinnieBellW<same>@Willis_Hubbard_ @GodsWordIsFree <same>@JacksonPropGrp @LarryWoolfolk <same>@SuperckookLarry @RobertandRosie @bosslady2898
@bannerite @PearlieMaeJones @BFostersbox @bodysculptorokc @irenedorsey321 @Eemunchagote @CParks777 @bodysculptorokc @ActDontReact @13matters
I was disappointed to learn the Republicans role in letting this mess w/Trump get out of hand. I also was disappointed that we as Americans
#4) wasn't put first before any of their GOP politics ...the GOP HEALTHCARE PLAN was proof of that. What do we as Americans do when our
#5) politicians is "UNDERPERFORMING" for the American ppl, putting their political careers/party before the good of the ppl they represent?
#6) @TheDemocrats @GOP @SenateFloor @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @BarackObama @GeorgeWBush__ @HillaryClinton @JoeBiden
#7) Right now Americans are dealing with what can be called an "AMERICAN POLITICAL MALFUNCTION" with our politicians. Shame on you all...
#8) @TheView @MeetThePress @GMA @60Minutes @FaceTheNation @CBSThisMorning @60Minutes @LesterHoltNBC @WhoopiGoldberg @NewsHour @CNNPolitics
Only the #25thamendment can move fast enuf to stop further harm to us all.
說的好！加油！
Skip the investigation and just get him out! He's not fit to be President!
#JusticeForSethRich was the Wikileaks source, NOT Russia.  This is why the WaPo story broke.  To distract from the revived Seth Rich story
No experience like ever before needs laws like never before. Digital terrorism/ Foreign sanctioned money contribution laws.
Repubs freed the slaves.History tells us.
Our country is in chaos, and no one seems to care; its the most cruel treatment of people since slavery.
WANT FBI COMEY TO SHOW ALL MEMO OF EVERYONE IN  INVESTIGATION, COMEY SAID HE KEEP MEMO,   HOW ABOUT HILLARY CLINTON MEMO.
No, Senator, you need to know about #SethRich.
Pay no attention to the bots. Please get smart.
You guys call everything bots...
Let's talk about Russia and let's talk about #sethrich and see goes to jail first! Bernie, DMC costs u ur chance, find truth for #SethRich
#MAGA = Morons Are Governing America
And inside our country is the DNC that admittedly and fraudulently rigged the election. Jail the DNC
Plan nonsense.
We need to stop@wasting time and money.
Trumps an act of the GOP show they made a bed for him to lay in Ryan holds a curtain call the Party of No
What's worse is that Democrats could not defeat him. Are emails the only thing you got?
Russia did not interfere with elections there is no proof. We should be investigating Clinton and putting her behind bars.
Yes!
If only there were more people like you
@girty66 Bernie is a liar and a prick who betrayed his base and took $600k to bow out. No evidence of collusion whatsoever.
RWNJs used to say no evidence of interference.  Now just collusion.  When collusion proven they'll say DT didn't know.
bullshit. Even comey under oath said there no evidence. Clapper same. DNC planned this narrative election night;emails
Except the DNI and DHS you mean.  US intel found clear interference by Russia.
so you trust the deep state then? The source of all the wars for the last 50+ years. Tools of globalist pigs. Soros a saint?
There is no deep state.   That's extreme paranoia.
geez even CNN admit it exists and they are as shithouse as ABC.
Can you name a US intel agency that said there was no Russian interference in the election?
Where was the special prosecutor for Bengazi
No comparison at all
I used to think Congress was full of extra bright people. I don't anymore. I think we have average people running this country n2 the ground
Socialism is incompatible with our constitution.Let it go Sanders.Americans might be believers and naive but they are not dumb.
Yes,to investigate Clinton emails,destruction of evidence etc
https://twitter.com/polfilmblog/status/865310602901807104 …

#hypocrisy #spin #lies
Bernie Sanders Now Lying at Trumpian Levels https://politicalfilm.wordpress.com/2017/05/18/bernie-sanders-now-lying-at-trumpian-levels/ … 
TERM LIMITS FLAT TAXES  SENATORS PAY CRONYS FROM THEIR POCKET TO TWIT NOT TAX PAYERS
It's reminiscent of Nixon days x10000 @SenSanders please hang in there with us we need you!!!!
MUST READ:
https://twitter.com/atleecs/status/863035537959120897 …
Good for you, sad days ahead coulda shoulda been you
Does anyone take a sell out like Bernie Sanders seriously anymore? Amazing he's got the face to be talking now 
@DaleF3 Well, let's get on w/ it, see some heads roll, then pass it onto the historians & film makers. We will survive, again..
We need an independent commission that can follow all the threads of corruption in this regime.
Yup.
Wish granted...
That's when you take an incompetent man in the house. Hope America learns!
Sell out!!!
Sad that your still in office
What a difference a day makes! Special prosecutor extraordinaire assigned today.
I'll visit your wife in jail
Sanders your only Pandering to your insane supporters so you can say look we tried!! More WASTED TAX PAYER MONEY IS WRONG!MASS HYSTERIA MUCH

A special counsel   convince unhinged liberal maniacs like U screwball that theres NOTHING THERE. Wasted Tax Payer money. How much is enough
Why didn't u call for this when hrc email scandal happened?  Oh yeah, u wanted to stay alive
wouldn't a independent investigation be a total waste if conclusions are already made?
Are events overtaking the appointment of a special prosecutor? He might be gone before you get around appointing one?
I would rather pay for a special prosecutor to find out who murdered #sethrich and took his computer.
Bernie never worked a day in his life. What happened to the independent investigation of obama and the Clintons
How does alleged "digital interference" trump ACTUAL electioneering & fraud by the DNC, HRC and Bill Clinton? #SethRich
#Anthrax
Thanks, Bernie, for continuing to stand up for the rights of the middle class Americans. Hopefully mid-America is standing up too!
If it quacks like a duck and walks like a duck it's a duck.  Get trump out.  The guys not a good leader and off in the head
There's absolutely no evidence. You just have nothing better to do. Get a real job.
Seth Rich
Maybe we could get one for your wife also. Elite privilege has saved her so far
Secure border lower taxes jobs that's most important what is wrong with you D.C. nutjobs???
Bernie time for u to move. Sad day ur still here being biased and hateful and unamerican. Ur just a hypocrite.
Stop wasting tax payer money an get to work.
How about investigating the DNC's underhanded campaign to deprive you of the nomination. That was the crime/ Have you lost all integrity?
Man, its like he sld them uranium or something #hypocrite
Cmon Bernie, Make it happen!
OH BULLSHIT
We need a special prosecutor and investigation into the murder of Seth Rich.
Blah blah blah blah blah
Agreed. How can he run the country when people constantly make thinks up about him and says he's every kind of bad name you can think of.
Yes it is!
What's sad is we have an intelligence community willing to break the law for their agenda.
Bernie cant even talk, lol...... you want to be on tv, Bernie? im sure, fake media would like to hear your story, LOL
Dear senator DJTrump wins the presidency in a fair election. President has got the mandate to lead his country!Safer & greater!
it was a sad day for our country when you helped elect trump because u were pissed a woman beat you by 4 million votes. Go away!
Time for the independent commission! The stunts and lies and hiding are over. Where are the tapes and documents? 45 obstructed justice!
It's a sad day for American when a socialist is telling us what's wrong with us.
Democrat's dragging their feet/Republican's are making bills become secret laws/3 ring circus w/DT the center/Rich 1% Ring Masters creators
Imagine how bad it's going to get when they start digging into HRC, the Clinton Foundation , etc
It will be a very sad day if you ever won the presidency.
Profiter, lier and cheater! It's a sad but true!
@SenSanders is a traitor. In some countries they still have the death penalty for Idiots who attack their Potus. Resign Bernie.
Feeling glad to be old. At least without health care I won't have to live to see the destruction of the country I grew up in.
IT'S A SAD http://DAY.YOU  ARE SPREADING SOCIALISM/COMMUNISUM ONLY TO POCKET IT FOR YOURSELF.  YOU HAVE HELPED NO ONE!
It's  a SAD day for a country in that the SOLUTION Of SERIOUS problems is OBSTRUCT by those that ENDANGERING Americans insist in divisions.
POSITIVErelations with ALL countries in the world necessary NEW NARRATIVE NotSELF RIGHTEOUS one in that the US try toIMPOSE itself to others
The Democratic party is acting as anti-democratic party trying to DESTROY the party that WIN the elections.It is SAD for DOUBLE STANDARDS.
Agreed
I'm really tired about the president lies every day, shame for the country.
Hey Bernie what can we have to do to stop him from liar ?
Russian intervention is a dem ploy to try hiding rigging primaries .
We need immediate removal from office.  The time for bullshit investigations is over.
We need a special prosecutor  for HRC re: server, foundation money, people who have lost their lives when not complying with the Clintons
We need a special prosecutor to investigate your wife's fraudulent loan applications
I'd never vote for him but he's one of the decent ones left in politics and worth hearing
I like how he say IF, he's not condemning anyone without proof. He's not yelling IMPEAACH either. He sticks up for people, his party or not
Bernie sounds like a little whiny beach. Remember:  "I don't care about damn email..."
look at that playback... she knew she was lying and went on with her bullshit. god i cant stand that woman.
INVESTIGATE MY MURDER

MY NAME WAS SETH RICH
your liberal story line is out of control. it's so far fetched now. way out of reality.
#SethRichCoverUp
How stupid can you be?? The DNC screwed you out of the slightest chance of running for President!!
I thought they already appointed a prosecutor to your wife's case?
Special Prosecutor to prosecute what crime exactly???
what do you have to say about it now Bernie since it's proven another fake story??!!!!
You need to stop wasting our tax money on bs investigations, and start doing positive things with your seat in congress.  Shut up and work!
We need a special prosecutor to look into Seth Rich since the mayor of DC is inept.
This is heartbreaking.  I'm afraid it going to be bad.
The evidence is overwhelming that Seth Rich was the "Russian hacker " of the DNC....
We need a special prosecutor to conduct an independent investigation into your wifes bad land deal in Vermont.It's a sad day for our country
All based on bullshit
not shit, 8 yrs of Obama has screwed us
American Justice is now relegated to Leakers and Partisan Media, Senator?
It's always a sad day for our country when we have to get up and listen to ur Bull Shit.
Ah, but Putin just came to Donald's defense alleging the Russian notes on the meeting with him support his claim. Just the help needed 
We need to put relentless pressure on @GOP to do their job. It's clear now that they feel no moral or civic responsibility to do so.
And so is the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. #hypocrite
How's the lake house, you sellout POS? His name was Seth Rich. #SETHRICH
Why didn't u call for this during Benghazi hearings or Hilary's email scandal? U ppl r such hypocrites.
The one that should be getting investigated is Trump
It's a sad day in our country that you even have a podium to run your provocative senseless mouth
Very true but these fools voted for this scum
Special prosecutors are too slow, It took 6 years for the special prosecutor in the Iran Contra mess. They are useless
@billm9  we also need know what happened in the primaries #DNCfraudLawsuit
Impeachment - 'I'm Not There at This Point'?  What's wrong with you?
We need a Special Prosecutor. @RepAndyBiggsAZ @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake
Give em Hell Bernie!
The sadness started when this guy took office...
Bernie enough with the fake new's, support the American people.:/
We need a revolution to get rid of shitheads and traitors like u
Hey drama queen. Special prosecutor isn't warranted unless/until criminality has been determined
We need a special prosecutor to investigate the DNC manipulation to favor Hillary over you in the primary.  How come not a peep Bernie. $$$
All u Dems shld b Ashamed of urself!All these side shows 2 detract from wht P Trump is tryin 2 accomplish is disgustin u cant accept his win
It's sad that you are still hanging on
Dog The Bounty Hunter voted for this guy didn't he?
Why hasn't there been an investigation into U/Hillary?You sold out your voters,It's all about Greed,Control
Democrats are sadly responsible for these terrorist attacks from liberals,Slush Fund Hwood, Misleading false accusations to benefit them
If only there was some governing body you worked for that could demand one...
You are a phony politician with no good ideas
NO!!  You need to convince your colleagues to draw up articles of impeachment. @realDonaldTrump should have no say in FBI director.
We need an independent investigation why Seth which was killed by the DNC!!! #SethRich
It is a sad day when democrats stand in the way of progress to play partisan politics and waste tax dollars on made up stories. Disgraceful
A special prosecutor? Does that mean that you lost faith in the FBI just because Comey isn't there?
Damn Bern, go back to being an independent. This is tough to watch.
When will righteous men who are not lawyers investigate. When will this way come about? Never.
Who came up with the idea of lawyers? Where did lawyers come from?
Who started this?
Its older than Greeks.
Listen to Bernie's mind. Lawyers are his way. Councils of men is his way. Mens wisdom is his way.
NOW you care about National Security... "Right right right right okie doke!" 
Sad day for our country when its most popular politician is shilling for #WarProfiteers and covering up domestic bipartisan #ElectionFraud
I'm tired of hearing about Comey's damn memos.
It's where we've been for a while!  Independent investigation long overdue!
Deny Trump and Pence access to classified info!#IndependentInvestigation #IndependrntProsecutor #InvestigateTrump #InvestigatePence
No, Bernie, what needs are patriots willing to draw up Articles of Impeachment!
Until we stop working with other countries Bernie, we will never be free or independent. What's wrong with you politicians.
Shut up Bernie and go away! We got some serious business to take care of here! #TREASON #ComeyMemo #RICO #TrumpShouldResign
You having a role in our country's leadership is a sad day all to its self.
Bernie I luv ya! But too much of a good thing, sir. State the case. Compression is all.
La altura moral y política de Sanders en un momento de alto riesgo para Estados Unidos.
Mientras otros políticos demócratas andan con paños tibios con Trump, Sanders habla con valentía y precisión. Admirable.
