But not your way. Not by bankrupting the country.
Then what's the right way? Why not copy the system from other countries which provide better care for less costs?
Have you seen the tax rates for some of those other countries? Not to mention the  limitations it sets on who you can/can't see for care
Yeah sure, I live in a country with universal healthcare. My taxes are higher, but I don't have to buy extra insurance.
Well let me be more clear, I would never allow the federal government to tax my community at crazy rates proposed of 45% - 55%. Unamerican
What's the point in saving a couple of bucks in taxes but having to pay astronomical amounts for healthcare and insurance?
Because we are already paying astronomical taxes and adding to it seems like a poor idea
I understand the flip side, we pay it in taxes anyway for those that have no insurance now, especially homeless ER and urgent care visits
Sanders left out the most important part of any healthcare reform plan: how will we pay for this?
You are assuming that it would cost more than what you currently have, but countries with universal healthcare pay LESS per capita than USA.
We have much more expensive healthcare system, top loaded with technology. its expensive to be best
It's the best if you have enough money, which is worthless if you don't have enough. As Bernie says, healthcare should not be a privilege.
Actually the time was 1993 when Hilary proposed the same plan. Your forgot to mention that when you asked for her support. @jamielbridgers
Ummm no. She proposed "obama care" not single payer.
Oye. "Obamacare," labeled by the #GOP (sigh), shaped into ACA, by any other name, was championed by HRC when she was First Lady.
Yes ACA
Yes to Medicare for all! But with Trump destroying DACA, will you introduce a bill protecting undocumented immigrants? #Somos11Milliones
Protecting them from what? The rules that lay out punishment for law breaking?
Bernie can't pay his bills. Still owes $ from him campaign. Meanwhile he got rich.
If Sanders loved and admired Russia so much on his one and only visit why the hell didn't he remain there?
So we stop siphoning resources into the war machine and back into rebuilding our American communities.  Thank you for your efforts senator
You mean the Federal Government?

Sounds like a great idea.
The Rich send jobs overseas along with their profits. We Can Afford Medicare For All. Don't listen to the politicians lies.
@SenSanders
Corporate lobbyists poured $$$ into Senate Democrats’ accounts. Now, many have refused to sign Medicare bill:
Now is the time to get guaranteed fixes for #Obamacare . Period. #DoYourJob
Say Kuwait city do me like
Impossible to pay for it Bernie.  How about improving public schools and   encouraging more physicians/encouraging lower health costs
Medicare 4 all doesn't fix the dysfunction. Doesn't increase quality of care. Try again.
And now is also the time to link discussionabout #Medicare4All with grotesque war spending. #HealthcarenotWarfare
This move will kill employer provided insurance which is much better than Medicare & your idea would make Medicare worse & more expensive.
Please tweet with intelligence.
The approach to take when writing a healthcare bill.
Other than that, the American people will never forgive you.
Certainly not me.
Only four people agree with you. Hillary is the one U shouldn't forgive. She knew she was being investigated. She should have stepped aside
Yes. As more people-- of all ages-- go #IndependentContractor #GigEconomy status w/out access to #healthcare we need to offer univ coverage.
The underlying reason at the core of America's self-destructive issues we elect a corrupt congress and them accept their bullshit excuses
SOOO true!!
No SOCIALISM! !!
Universal health care is not socialism. Many liberal democracies have it.
Government controlled is it not???
Definitely. Your point?
https://youtu.be/SZ14-JipXwo 
Thank you for advancing @HillaryClinton healthcare plan!
When u say "for all" that will include all members of Congress? No special carve-outs this time?
Would this include the entire Congress & their families as well? Or would they still be "special "?

Yeah- if you look at VA - they are intentionally under-funded so that they will have problems and then the Republican blame game fires up
Amen Bernie! Now, what's your strategy for achieving this? Because, I'm in, I'd just like to know. You know, because anyone can say that.
Do you gonna be the first to SIGN ON. Or are you gonna keep your doctor and have a lower deductible like Obama PROMISED. oh.. ur royalty and
Sounds good but why not introduce caps on the pharmaceuticals. Or u following orders. We can do this if we force them with caps.If not #fail
don't tell us, tell Sen Tim Kaine

#singlepayershame
Stand Up or get out of the way! We see you! Your interest should be in serving Americans fighting to live.#MedicareForAll
Hi, tell us exactly who is dying?

Call it Hillary Care, since it's her plan from the early 90s? https://twitter.com/sensanders/status/907955289239969792 …
She gave it up for adoption!
@pdacosta HILLARY CARE for ALL!

Take on the special interest to dominate everything in politics hello
Here you go again. How do you plan on paying for this? You do know that your attempt to erase @BarackObama history will not get you votes.
The Bernie train keeps on rolling!

Way to steal @HillaryClinton idea and spin it as your own. You will always be just another typical, weak politician
lol healthcare isn't a right
Hmmm. Citizens United won't allow it.
Why would they do that? For the last 70 years they destroyed the market for benefit of politics. Cronyism + redistributionism = votes.
When politcians don't take from special interest groups maybe people will listen.
Idiots
Very true
#GoAway
I know how you feel but healthcare is so important. My senator is backing him up and I support my senator.
nope...nothing he does.  #neverBernie

Losers
If you believe in democratic socialism then you should first practice what you preach.
How much do you propose should come out of your multi million dollar houses and 100k cars, Mr. Sanders?
Yes, global standard is healthcare for all.
That costs less than ACA. Everywhere.
I'm one of the 30M ACA EXCLUDED.
Most Americans want universal health care. What are we waiting for?
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/aug/14/healthcare-a-human-right-bernie-sanders-single-payer-system?CMP=share_btn_tw …
No way love my inaurance through my company co-pay for Ebrel which coat $4,250.00 a month is $25.00 this plan would ruin that
I have friends in UK that need the same med and can't get it and barely get an appointment with rheumatologist for care they need
I can't afford any more taxes to go out of my pay.  If they say they will raise Corp taxes those  companies will go overseas
Well I love my plan I want to keep it $700.00 deductible $122.00 a month premium no co pay on any meds except Enbrel
Americans getting Screwed: Delivery of HC in US 9451 per person per Year. Canada 4609. Could this b because big ins gouging? Just sayin
Agreed.  Including the top and most powerful special interest, the ever expanding Federal Government.  Get it off our backs!
Will Congress get an exemption again?
It's time for you to get over yourself and lead progressives as the wise teammate you are, not a rock star. Stand together or loose again!
Medicare liberals rant about single payer... as long as it is the govt paying. @TheDemocrats only understand socialism, not free market.
YES! #RiseUp history is watching #Resistance requires action- Have some motivation 4 progressive - https://soundcloud.com/detroit-illharmonic/its_all_over_for_el_presidentenot … #CuratorofMusic
He does not mention how much it costs or how it would be paid for
You are not standing with the people because you are not telling them how they will loose with a single pay system No facts just rhetoric
That precisely states the problem in one sentence.
If we are the wealthiest country in the world, why are we 20 trillion dollars in debt?
Stand with the people, this totally going against the people. Crazy Bernie do you remember the Nov 2016 election?
We also need to make eduction cheaper, especially for medical degrees bcuz this is th reason healthcare is so expensive. Need to pay bk loan
It is highly irresponsible to bring forth this plan with no explanation on funding #Medicare4All #repealobamacare #repeal #nomedicare4all
there and competing and driving everyone's prices down by doing so
competition. One reasonable estimate insists that Walmart saves consumers $250 billion a year simply because of its existence, being in
market competition has costs but also that it has benefits. Notably, competition reduces costs over time through that very process of
one National Food Service, paid for from tax revenues, would clearly be more efficient? The answer being that of course we accept that
Why should there be private sector companies spending advertising money trying to tempt us into their stores when having just the
There is a slight problem with this logic of course: because if you accept it then this also applies to supermarkets.
You're high af 
Who pays for this?
@SenatorCantwell Do the right thing and support #HealthCareForAll.
@PattyMurray Do the right thing and support  #HealthCareForAll.
We call that HILLARY CARE. I still have the book on it.

Call it Hillary Care, since it's her plan from the early 90s? https://twitter.com/sensanders/status/907955289239969792 …
Believe that when I see it actually happen. Lol
Voting Record shows Congress votes for Corps. We would have it already if they truly did vote the way they tell us they will. $$$
Without a 60 vote dem majority, what's the point of pushing for single-payer? Republicans will never let it pass
Dems have momentum following the failed Republican repeal. They should focus on something bipartisan, that actually has a chance of passing
It would be a bigger win for the dems than a failed single-payer push
I think it's better to stick to unrealistic talking points as well
Bernie..: just an old hippie!
only hope/but I'm not sure congress has any back bone/I'm not sure they know how to say no to lobbiest! It's all about money at our expense
I know many fams on welfare who stay on welfare because they get more money than working + paying ins. HC for all would fix that.
Pay for ur plan with a national CONSUMPTION tax, not a INCOME tax.
5 LIES-----that the Democrats told about their health care bill

A law built on lies

VIDEOS http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/5243545/1/ …
This is why we all don't have healthcare... to many payouts to our politicians... get it done Bernie...
I like the changes made. I hope this newer version is passed. I don't care who's idea it was. It's the plan that matters.
Single payer is the answer, with private options for faster care, but $0 copay? That invites unnecessary doctor visits
Tell that to UAW, TEAMSTERS??
what about all other special interests, like #bankers that have control of the country's #fiat #money supply?? be #serious, Bernie Sanders.
Where would we get all the doctors from to make single payer efficient?
Bernie as soon as u stop taking their money will this happen. O and pay ur fair share of taxes to help pay for all these freebies.Hypocrite
Now.
Pay your campaign bills Bernie

Let see stand with Congress on this but not the 60 million who voted for Trump I see makes sense now, socialist pig
Look Bernie assistant! Make sure Bernie sees it 
Lol your entire party is THE special interest that dominates health care.
Keep fighting the good fight, sir. Always with you #FeelTheBern
I agree! I will write my congressman in support
You are the special interest.
Yes, someone needs to work for us instead of special interest.
The problem is congress is putting money in their own pockets
Yeas,I support her call.I expect that every country's health care should be using to every people.Because of every people hasn't much money
Translation - I want to make this country a socialist shithole and this is my first step in doing so.
Why now but not when they controlled congress and the senate? RIP for the DNC and the spies who ran it.
#PM755
2/2 Medicare, Medicaid, and social security. Can't run the VA or fix the water in flint should be trusted to control our healthcare. Hell no
1/2: So a govt that can't run a railroad, airport or post office, hasn't fixed immigration, taxes, or entitlements, and has bankrupted
Hands of my medicare!   You CAN NOT force doctors or hospitals to accept it.
That's the only way this could ever work.  It's like a car salesman who only want to show you the monthly payment never the full price.
Skip Insurance companies.
I believe health care is a right but if this passes my taxes will go through the roof to truly cover all people.We are an unhealthy country!
You know you can't own 2 houses under Socialism...
AKA why we need to die waiting for care
My MIL was hospitalized for 2 years (car accident), covered by Medicare & private co-pay insurance. I see why healthcare is so expensive.1/2
Since this has a zero chance of passing in a Republican Congress, it's just another of your stunts to divide the Democrats. Go away.
Yeah that evil capitalism only provided you with healthcare for life, millions of dollars, three homes and a new @TeslaMotors Must be tough.
I'll be damned if I ever listen to a man who has never done anything but government in his life. #BernieDontKnowShit
If it is so good, why don't you forfeit your current high end special elite politician plan and be the first one to sign up?
If we cut massive amounts of government spending in other areas I'd entertain the idea. If this massive expense just get tacked on. No way.
Someone already beat me to it. Hillary Clinton proposed this plan first. You're trying to steal her thunder as usual.

People love Bernie cause he has a can do attitude. They have convinced us to accept having a shitty system  brainwashed people he says no
You know issuance was cheaper before obamacare right? That Medicare and Medicaid are bankrupt right?
Technically if you were paying nothing before and you're still paying nothing but now have Obamacare then price hasn't changed.
Yeah for the leeches. The rest of us pick up the tab which is absurd. It's incredible that people are so willing to support theft.
I think there is a middle ground and even Obamacare itself could have worked. Too much dishonesty and misleading efforts to save it now.
Cut the pay of Congress and Senate and stop sending billions to countries that want to destroy us.
Finally
So the government can impose more taxes on people and have a stronghold on them.
We don't want it!  We want gov't out of healthcare and to end obamacare!  Only snowflakes want what they think is free stuff!
Trumps voters want this too including dentist coverage. He was gonna screw them bad.greed is stopping it. Greed. Big pharma and others!
Sliding fee tax. Skip ins.  companies.
Bernie, Getting Medicare for everyone = bankrupting America. And that's all you socialists want is America destroyed
This is what will happen with Single Payer!  Leave my money alone!!
I've watched them screw people with cancer and refusing to pay for a needed test. U get sicker fighting for a friggin test you need. ENOUGH
Yes. Let's http://fight.Now  is the best time  people want it. It can be done  I'm sick of fighting with insurance companies!
Bernie is unrealistic promises to bankrupt the US. Have his wife pay for it
That's right Bernie it's called repeal Obamacare
YAAASSS Healthcare like North Korea! Great plan

I heard this before and Congress and Obama destroyed my healthcare.
we assume congress would not receive "special subsidies" as are now in place in the single payer system; congress has a tendency to upgrade
Can't. People like you tefuse to set an example crook can't follow so we can't tell who is a false flag progressive.
Because you all blew it with Obamacare and now you want to get a "do over".
Good luck!
Law care is just as important so why not get it all from LIARS oops I mean Lawyers
If we get medicare 4 all shouldn't we get Lawcare as we know lawyers R the biggest liars and most expensive 4 bullshit!
Instead of gearing up for 2018 they think this issue will somehow fix the radical  Constitutional Convention on the horizon?
Trolls not welcome.
He didn't read Hilary's book yet...
Are you kidding me your own state had single payer healthcare it went belly up! Hello nothing is free Gov out of our lives taxes will go up!
You mean the government?
Now is the time for white guys to bullshit everyone else.
As an American who immigrated to Australia 18 years ago, I can vouch for Medicare for All.

Everyone gets affordable healthcare.

@nytimes
Australia has 23mil pop US has 74mil under 18 and another 56mil retired and a total pop of 326mil. Apples and oranges.
Europe has a population of over 700 million. And universal healthcare thought the EU. Wake up, America!
Rationing is a huge problem, quality has worsened, and the supply of practicioners is steadily decreasing.
What people do you speak of?  Your white bro friends?  Where's your plan to pay for this?
Is this the plan that will get the BEST healthcare for ALL? I dont buy it.
Bernie dezelt de emmis.w single payer ppl still wont b able 2 afford more then primary basic care.tell about decision boards n outside cost
"What do we want?" "Free Health Care!" "How will we get it?" "Higher Tax Rates!" #CommunismDoesn'tWork
So UK, and near enough all of Europe are communist countries because they have WORKING universal health care? 'Murica.
Sanders lying, Medicare is not single payer, mnthly premiums, buy supplemental ins, buy mandatory drug plan, even Med advantage has charges
Again you fail to provide the details/$$ specs necessary to know if this can work. Surely after 30 yrs practice you can write proper legis?
Do you trust our government? True democrats, the republicans? No. So why trust them to monopolize an industry and tell us what's best for us
All #Dems should be behind this. We know you serve #corporateinterest. It's time you do the right thing @NancyPelosi
... take on special interest that dominate healthcare... so the government can monopolize the industry that keeps us healthy.. terrifying
Tie a chicken bone around you neck and hope for the best
I have a special interest in keeping more of paycheck, not less. It's astounding what congress fails to accomplish with billions of dollars.
What is it with Americans that they refuse even to take a closer look at how health care works in other industrialized countries?
Arrogance maybe. Or greed.
Called, "Bennies for Bernie Program." What a joke!
Hey Bank Fraud Bernie, its you and your obumercare cronies insurance companies that control healthcare!
Tell people how much middle class taxpayers taxes will rise. You have no choice because US debt is rising out of control.

U need to get outa Hillary's way in 2020
No, that time was about 15 years ago
We need solid details of his plan. Any single payer plan will require payroll tax increases and possibly income tax increases.
Yes a tax to cover health care. Skip ins. companies.
Can we add a tax for those that don't want to work?
Hey Bank Fraud Bernie, if you stood with the American people you'd voted to kill obumercare! No to your single payer health insurance
Pay your campaign bills,,,,or do you want someone else to pay it?
I'm a single payer/Bernie proponent, but I can play Devil's advocate nonetheless. I hear: governmental incompetence, competition, innovation
According to the entitled rich/elitists, YES people should be deprived. In their outoftouch world, being poor is a consequence of indolence.
56% of Americans will be in the top 10% at some point in their lives. Being rich or poor isnt as rigid as you think
Unless you ban private insurance & private hospitals, the rich & politicians will get great medical care while we get leftovers and wards.
Absolutely Bernie! Break the pharmaceutical mafia PLEASEHealth for All. Medicare for all. Millions will bless you Senator
Yeah millions who already pay no taxes and leech off of producers. That coupled with democrats who get huge pharmaceutical kickbacks.
How's that fraud case going with you and your wife Bernie? Asking for a friend.
Single payer is the best way for the dems to lose the little power they still have.
Unless you change the way Medicare directs patient care, I want no part of it.  Guidelines are detrimental to the health of chronically ill.
Government is a big special interest. Get government out of healthcare today!
Keep your socialist trash out of America
Don't run in 2020
Hey @realDonaldTrump American people demand Medicare for all. Negotiate drug prices Revolt at polls in 2018
if it is going to cost almost $700 a month you can keep it
Nope
Congress IS a special interest.....particularly the members with a (D) next to their name.
And they are getting money from Big Pharma that they have let go unchecked for years.
