And we spend even more on welfare.
Which is why they allowed 9/11. PNAC admitted it. This is plan A, New American Century. I suspect you know that, but say nothing.
Yeah but we have to keep bailing out other countries. Even Obama saw that..g oo little, too latr
And 81 billion was added with no thought given for how to pay for it.
empty words, mr. Sanders...  you know once in the office, you have to do what the industrial military complex demands..  poor US...
Or in Trumps case, 
- Yell at everyone.
- Carry the biggest stick.
- Take other sticks away.
Cut military spending from the $600 billion it's at (pre-increase) down to slightly above china at $150 billion and that leaves us
With $450 billion to spend on education, healthcare and virtually every other aspect of government. Free college only costs $47 billion!

As veterans of the so called war on terror we agree  .@BernieSanders is the Comander in Chief we need. #Vets4Bernie http://www.thedailybeast.com/bernie-sanders-the-war-on-terror-has-been-a-disaster-for-the-american-people …
AND the U S can't afford #HEALTHCARE ..  Senate Passes   $700 Billion  Pentagon Bill Sept 18,2017 https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/18/us/politics/senate-pentagon-spending-bill.html?mcubz=1 … … … … … SHAMEFUL
Diese heilkreuter sollten längst wieder von Apothekern verkauft werden...
lulwut
It's not just about subjugation of USA's 99%. It's about the subjugation of the worlds 99%.
Military is more of the government's job than regulating health care to artificially lower cost.
America needs a forensic audit of the Pentagon !!!
Bullshit keep drink that shit tasting Kool Aid !
Don't you understand? The way to achieve peace is through war! Or at least that's what I got out of reading Orwell's book 1984!
The way to achieve the closest thing to peace is if there were no religion and we all lived for the earth, I guess kind of like Avatar...
We spend trillions on weapons, but when it comes to providing quality healthcare, sorry, don't worry, we can blow the world up 85 times.
We need healthcare and education stop the war machine
The Aliens Don’t Care About That or In All Your Great Wisdom You Missed Hillary Leak #UAP. Seems You Are Narrow Minded. Train^ Young Man. GL
AND worse healthcare!
It's also about our buddy Bibi pushing us into conflict with Iran and us trying to destroy Syria sadly
You may not have noticed Mr Sanders, but it is taking that much because of the last several presidents allowing the military to go down hill
Bernie would you rather have us defeated by North Korea or would you rather have us have enough money to defeat any enemy of our country
Hey Bern we protect two thirds of the word
How is it that Putin can spend 250billion on Russian military has a complete new military hardware and U.S.A spend 700billion w/less equip
That's because we protect most of the world
This is the most important issue facing the country. Military budget blocks domestic progress and unethical behavior
Conquering and destroying other countries requires a lot of money, dear Bernie.
I do wish you were better informed about Russia.  I don't like paying for arms & troops to protect us from non-existent threat.
We also outspend every other country on healthcare but Obamacare and Medicare (for all) don't seem to make us any healthier!
peace through strength a concept as foreign to Bernie as democracy.
Raytheon, Boeing and Halliburton must be stopped.
You cannot tackle them without banning "LOBBYISTS".
Beware, they deal in mercenaries too.
A banker's gotta eat.
Ask Japan what happens when another country invests and comes up with a weapon you can't defend against. Destruction n surrender.
Bernie, our military spending is a total of 16% of our entire budget. We are a big country and need to stay ahead of our enemies technology.
We could cut defense spending in half, spend the savings on infrastructure, rebuild America, and still have the worlds strongest military. 
Cut it in more than half. Drop it to $150. Still the highest military budget in the world and saves $450 billion
We are in the top 1% of the nations in this world! Suddenly the top 1% paying their fair share isnt fair!? World is on brink of war go color
Stuff it Bernie.
Have to keep wealthy defense industry magnates happy! Peace hurts their greed!
and we have been free  fir a  long time stupid, good investment
Nine months of political bad news, we need a break. Help Bernie!!!!
Being an honorable person is a lonely road. Bless you.
all necessary needs for our country should cost 1/4 of that  number! the rest would cover the health care for all and  improved schools
@robreiner @MarkRuffalo This is Donald’s way of fixing the Planet destroy it and start building Trump Golf Courses. Medical care not needed.
Yes, That's why we are the only nation that can project our military power anywhere in the world. It is a good thing.
Yeah it ticks me off to no end!  Still right now he's one of the most effective politicians we've got.
Berns, @SenSanders, our def budget is measured by OUR threat assessment. Stop comparing it to other nations. Apples/Oranges #BernieFP
We wouldn't be as threatened if we had better foreign policy.
Name the Democratic Senators who voted for a $70 billion defense spending increase - but say we can't afford #MedicareForAll
Mine were @PattyMurray and @MariaCantwell  They should feel shame.
Every one of them needs to be primaried
It's called keeping us free.
And what is wrong with being the strongest with the biggest guns??
One of the biggest reasons the US cannot afford healthcare for all is the HUGE amount it spends on defense.
We spend more so they don't. Used to be different until 1944 but there were... problems.
Yet the republicans can't implement Universal Heath Care. Shameful
Lower taxes & restrictions for businesses to prosper, & more people will pay taxes to support our Constitutional right to defend ourselves.
sorry, would you like France to be responsible for our defense? Didnt think so.
This is y infrastructure is terrible. Europes is so much better. GOP needs to  getting us into wars that benefit their friends
Bernie, that is the nominal figure, peg that to labor and overhead costs and then tell me what the actual purchasing power is
Because we are asked to help defend the next twelve nations.
War mongering begets war hate begets hate weapons begets more weapons time for the whole world to#wakethafukup
Thank you for voting against the bloated Military Budget Bernie! Along with Rand Paul & very few other Senators...#BernieFP
It's not 700 billion. It's $550 billion. Why lie?
Give it a rest Bernie
Department of Neo-Liberal Imperialism
A budget most @SenateDems rubber stamped

Today's most important topic: saving the ACA

You can run for president next week, Bernie.
' Unfortunately,  That's the cost of maintaining America's, and America's Allies freedoms. Imagine if we weren't prepared.
I prefer to be protected better than any other nation...
If we can't sufficiently protect our country, healthcare is irreverent. We will be overtaken.   --S
We spend more on everything so what's his point? We spend too much on a do nothing congress as well.
Maybe because we defend most of those nations
Russia, India and China? You'd better tell them, because I don't think they know...
i said most
You've been conned, little man
Clam up you old fart
We also defend three of the richest countries: Germany, Japan, S Korea... Your Dem State Dept screwed up N Korea (Bill Clinton). Ideas???
Okay so we should do this:

No $ for Nato
No $ for UN
No money for any other country but our own.

Now we could use that for our own country
Keeping America Great!
We don't really have a defense budget, we have a military budget. Eisenhower warned of this industrial complex, we still are driven by it.
Bernie Sanders, a man who worships an ideology (Socialism) that has killed at least 20 million people. You are an enemy of the people. #MAGA
We need a strong military, Bern. Have u heard about ISIS? KimJunUn?  
Sad really how much we spend on military gear and weapons while cutting education and healthcare. #GOP
We want need education or health care if terrorists take over our country...we'll be dead
then abandon the weaponry on foreign soil to be scooped up by the enemy then make more and on and on...may the circle be unbroken.
$45.00 for a screwdriver in the USAF 1983. I am sure the price has only gone up. (do you ever feel like you are being ripped off?)-j rotten.
Senile old man mumbling gibberish
Thats why he said the U.N needs to pay their fair share not just the top 1% of the countries in the world! You understand right?
You do realize it's because we defend other countries?
Why did you vote for the $1.5 trillion F-35 fighter jet, Bernie?
That's cause we protect the next 12 nations combined.
Do u know why Bernie? It's because we pay them a modicum of a decent wage. Unlike our adversaries who in some cases can't even feed theirs
A $700 billion defense budget is a good way to make sure our nation only kills our own people who can't afford #healthcare.
Sort of sounds like we need to Bernie. So glad you are NOT in charge. Peace through strength.
No $ for affordable healthcare, infrastructure, jobs program but bombs away give the military the piggyback.Shameful, misguided & NOT GREAT!
The math shows about $725 per month for each family of 4 in the United States. We cannot afford this extravagance
At the expense of domestic policy.
I guess you plan on changing that? Is the thought that as soon as we cut back on defense we open our selfs up to more attacks not true??
Is it?
That money should be going to healthcare and other programs of social benefit--not towards imperialism's death & destruction.
yes! maybe some of it could help rebuild PR, Florida, and Texas. our military is plenty strong. healthcare, infrastructure, education need $
exactly! we won't need war planes if our health, buildings, roads, bridges, etc fail us first. and they're on track to do so if not fixed!
Hey dad
Hillary killed Seth Rich
Sounds more like an offense budget to me.
<facepalm>
