You don’t fix a rigged economy by making devastating cuts to education, Medicaid, child care and nutrition assistance.
To fix a rigged economy, you demand that the top one percent and large corporations pay their fair share in taxes.
And yet you paid less than 20% in taxes...due to tax breaks...
Every time Bernie says either "billionaires" or "corporations," replace it with "capitalists." Let's not be afraid to label the problem!
And every time Bernie says "rigged economy," replace it with "capitalist mode of production." It's fun!
Venezuela is waiting for you.
Sorry but you guys are the ones that rigged it and we are the ones that pay for you to go around the country spewing false logic!!!
Do you see any logic in your logic?
Yes I do as it works and increases growth which leads to a bigger pie, it is called math. The tax code limits people's incentives
That "bigger pie" benefits exclusively the rich. Well documented monetary gap will only grow larger.
No, it benefits everyone. They are rich because they know how to make money, which means they know how to take advantage of opportunities.
Did the tax payer not drop 1.2 trillion dollars to corporate america in 2008 so the economy would not fall apart?
That was total bullshit. So is the 3.2 trillion dollars per year because you pretend something is a right.
Commie
The corporations are the ones who hire Bernie. If they pay less in taxes then they hire more. Get it?
He knows this. He just doesn't care. He doesn't represent the little guy. He only represents the wealthy, the racist, and the Russians.
That is total b.s.
He does.
Let's tax the be-jesus out of giant corporations, billionaires like Trump & millionaire Evangelicals like Joel Osteen. #TrumpTaxPlan
Agreed
So you don't like the jobs that corporations create?  Interesting. Sounds like you don't like feeding your families.
hey bern how's that little issue with the wife going?
While folks perish in Texas, Trump is threatening a Democratic Senator in Missouri to vote for tax cuts for people who make $250K a year.
Folks perishing in Texas?  You clearly haven't spent any time here.  Our state is clearly leading by most economic parameters compared to California.
Corporations are people taxed the fund the public sector - be Thankful.
Hey @SenSanders
Amen Bernie!
yea they rigged it against you, but you got a beach house and no Syrian refugees to your home town. is the rigged system better than legit?
You also don't fix anything by convincing people that they have a right to another person's services. #slavery2017
President Trump is also giving tax breaks to us middle class working Americans.
A socialist who is a multi-millionaire is not a socialist,  he's a capitalist•Yes Bernie, I'm talking to U >about U.
A socialist is not a communist.

I don't know of any mi
You tell them mr 3rd runner up!
Bernie, you always give away the store and never buy anything from it
And you can't do it by being a socialist. Wake up.
Much love for Bernie
Lol , this is crazy, how in the hell did he get that one over on the country. You people put him in too take from you and now it's over.
Shut up already. #crazygrandpa
Bernie give up... u were not elected n no Socialistic views please... if you r not for this country n it's  leader please be quiet!!!!!
You fix an economy by leaving it alone. Completely free capitalism works.
Oh, no. He DOES. That's his whole goal. I know you want to be diplomatic, but that was always his end game. He's broke, but his buds aren't.
Well said Bernie....  but he needs to look for his friends, family and himself. I should have put him first because he does all the time
U fix it by prioritizing & working 2gether 2 come 2 the best solutions, not just ur devisive idea or opinion. Issue is way more complicated
First off sir, its not a shame to keep what you make, unless you make it all off the tit of the government, like a senator.
Socialist methods have worked so well,  Wait, no they dont.
Government is supposed to stay out of business and citizens' pockets!
Do you fix it by being under investigation for bank fraud?
You can't very well give tax cuts to the 47% who pay no taxes.
To quote Obama, "elections have consequences, we don't mind if you come along for the ride, but you'll have to sit in the back of the bus "
I thought Trump was eliminating tax breaks. Where's the proof that he isnt?
Thank you Bernie. You just supported the 3 out of 4 Pillars: 
1. Lying
2. Hypocrisy
3. Corruption
Going for Voter Fraud to get all four?
Explain what the leverage was and how you have a third house.
You speaking on economics is like Jeffrey Dahmar speaking on the culinary arts.
You've never been in a real job in your life, you have zero clue what you are talking about!!
Kinda like giving an endorsement to the person who rigged a primary against you? I'm pretty sure he knows more about economics than you
Well Bernie I need that tax break and by no means am I rich. It's for working class not lazy ass!! I work now to exist. I want my dreams too
Pot calling the kettle black.  Lmao
#BankFraudBernie
What tool did they use to rig it? A) state power B) King Arthur's Sword. If u answered "A", do you think we should we increase State Power?
Why don't you tax us all so much that we all become rich!!!!  (Just like you)
Ya because they don't hire anyone or create jobs. Maybe you could use the money your wife stole to learn economics 

Nor by forcing a college into BK and defrauding loans.
Awww,what's a matter bernie,don't want less money lining your pockets? killary didn't give you enough?
you might want to shut up.  You & your wife are criminals!
Seems to be working pretty good so far!
Says #BankFraudBernie
Your solution is to steal everyone's money, except your own of course.
Those corporate leaders are the ones who determine how many employees they hire and how much they get paid.
Your purely a sham artist SOS. Stuck on stupid
Bernie knows about trying to fix things, like elections.
Someone hasn't informed Bernie that you don't make the poor rich  by making the rich poor:) and it's not ALL"FREE."! WE ARE PAYING FOR IT.
You own 3 houses    Give 2 away or shut up.
Bernie everyone knows your wife is a liar & thief that caused a college to shut down. Your advise not needed. Hows the house Hillary got you
You don't claim to know how to fix an economy that you've never actually participated in?
No Bernie, you rig an election by taking #dirtymoney from #CrookedHillary to buy a nice new mansion for you and your #CriminalWife
You don't lead a nation that works for a living if you've never had a real job?
This brings the corporations that left our country and the jobs we lost back home. That helps everyone. What do you not understand? #dense
... Says the champagne socialist under investigation for mortgage fraud.
Hey we aren't all brain dead and we still remember the Dem primary.. you might want to tone this shit down..
Should senators & wives pay their taxes?
What a statement. None of us knew this until now.
How many poor people start factories
Your party has no clue how to fix an economy
The government rigged it. End current tax code and replace with consumption tax and eliminate all others.
Can't fix it by putting too much tax and regs on corporarion as well.
KEEP DODD FRANK strictures as well 
Trump signed off on paperwork which made Felix Sater, his senior advisor, in control of the criminal Bayrock Group.
Amen!  You said it Bernie!
What tax breaks are billionaires or anyone else getting?  Has the tax law changed?
People have to pay their fair share!#greedwillruinUSA
This is unfair, GOP knows it. Please be plain - we want to steal every safety net , even if it means our death - we are greedy, uncaring.
If you want tax breaks give them to the lower and middle class citizens.  We are the majority.
Its always about making the rich richer.  When is enough,  enough!!  We need someone that is for the people.
whatever Trump does now it can not change our opinion on him as the whole world knows his racist arrogant & Nazi attitude
Hey SMART*SS!!  If you are such a genius go fix socialist Venezuela!! SUCH A JERK!!
Love U @SenSanders any chances of working with @SenatorCollins and @CoryBooker on responsible #GunManagement laws?
Yes , we think about this.
You sir havent a clue how to fix an economy. You are a socialist ,and weve seen how that works out
Steve, this isn't a socialist policy big guy. Over 60 plus percent think we shouldn't give tax cuts to the rich.
I agree with that, but Sanders likes to tax the shit out of everything and give it to others for free stuff
Remember u told Lin how do the rich stay rich? They don't spend it. Apply that theory 2 the economy. When more ppl have more $ they spend it
Bernie actually voted against the terrible senate approved 700 billion dollar tax payer handout which was the Wall Street bailout.
Yes but he was speaking to mr president and I was referencing the last one. BS didn't want to be president. He took a dive.
The last one absurdly pushed for it. Your right on that. He could of called out all the rigging in the primary. I mean, the secrets out. Lol
Didn't Pres. Obama make W's tax cuts permanent?  

Dems aren't the solution.  You have the support.  Don't let them cheat us again.

You tried to rig the election by selling out to Hillary Clinton!
8 years? How do you fix it.
Funny that you couldn't fix a rigged election during the primaries.
Funny that you couldn't even fix a rigged primary for the 2016 election.
Well they've been doing it wrong now for quite some time. We need new blood in congress.
super Sanders right as usual
You mean like how the democrats rigged the primary and you cowered down to the clintons
Corp tax is totally different than personal billionaire tax! Here I keep hearing you dems are so much more educated?
#amen
Those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
Stop with the faux outrage. When you get the exact same benefits your constituents have, then you can open your mouth.
And I would KNOW because I'm a Marxist Communist, and ALL Communist Countries like Venezuela and Cuba, have amazing FIXED economies!
@Superman4Bernie
Trump may not be sharpest tool in the toolbox, but he has mastered the carnival art of the "shell game"
true
"Millanaires and billanaires!" Come on, Bernie. Isn't your wife under investigation for fraud?
Thank you for always fighting for the middle class
Apparently you don't fix anything.
Useless Socialists like you ruined the economy... Go visit Russia you used to be such good friends
So true, but Trump loves taking care of himself.
Bernie, you accepted a big payoff to keep silent about a rigged election. You clean the swamp that way either.
You don't silence complaints about a rigged primary election by accepting a payoff eitherm
Keep going crackpot @SenSanders, soon you will be as popular as the Nazi party
@SenSanders coming from someone who has spent a majority of their life enriching themselves at the taxpayers expense, laughable
Thank you @SenSanders , you are still the most Presidential individual in DC.  #BernieWouldHaveWon
Tax the CEO's 70% of their pay. You don't need billions to survive. We get 10.50 minimum in California, what's the big deal. Jeff Bezos.
When are you & your colleagues going to quit the hot air & do something. Your inaction is complicity & makes a mockery of coequal branches.
That's right. #ignorepotus
I remember back when America was Great and Nobody gave a shit about what Trump had to say.
Actually, @GeorgeOsborne and the #Tories may disagree with you!
Amen
How did they rig it? By paying corrupt politicians?.....
So true, but your proposed spending for socially beneficial goals just scares the bejesus out of moderates you need to win.
The Clinton death trail goes on. So disappointing. Very sad
Whatever.  Bernie you are a nice guy but the tax breaks for the rich line is getting old
Rigged was Obama giving out subsidies to every failing company his friends and donors had.  Billionaires off gov.
Now without over regulation our country finally after 8 years hit 3% GDP
trump just wants the rich to get richer easily and screw everyone else! #letthemeatcake
Ya, and you don't fix the economy being a socialist either. Socialism leads to communism and you sir should be hung as a trator.
Socialism is a rigged system. Rigged by @DWStweets. All socialists are parasites feeding off those who aren't parasites. Scum. Evil.
It was good that Debbie Whatsername Shultz rigged the primary because it was socialism so you got what you want, Bernie.
No! You rig Gov programs to funnel money to you & yours. Then you join the millionaires who now want the rest Socialist. Which ='s POOR
WTF would YOU know about fixing something that was "rigged"?
You're either totally ignorant of historical facts or a blatant liar!  There is no other choice!
I'm confused, who pays whom to make 2 sets of law's? The ones the benefit the top 10%, and the ones the peasant class must adhere to! HELLO?
Agree!
There aren't as many idiots in this country as you need. Might as well stop shoveling....
Oh yes he does!Bernie please do something besides stating the obvious. We need him stopped. #resist
Have you even read the plan yet?
Intellectually Dishonest
Lol
Are you not one of the top 1%? Ur a living meme my dude
Fuck Donald Trump 
P
So when you take everyone's money and decide who to dole it all out to, that's not a "rigged" system as well? Tyrant.
He's all about himself and his rich jerk friends!
And you sure as he'll don't fix it by taking from the working class and giving it to the lazy
All you give us, Bernie, you fraud, is verbal diaper rash.  You have become rich stealing from the workers.  Prison is to good for you.
You already he's just lying to the people. He's saying he's "unrigging" the system because he thinks people won't look into the details.
Why not,  our so called government does the same.
Stop your whining @SenSanders. WE'RE  not interested in what u think. #DonateDon'tIrritate #HurricaneHarveyRelief
Who does that sound like. Ronald Reagan Trump. REAGANOMICS
The tax code is BS. Simplify it. Pick a number. Everyone pays that percentage. Period. Problem fixed.
what about democrats that rig elections?
Exactly!
You also don't fix it by expanding social programs on the backs of middle class families that are the bread and butter of this country
He already has.
When are you going to start paying your fair share?
He really should. None of them I've seen do, but even in their hypocrisy if they can create helpful policies I'll support them in it.
Helpful in what ways? Further asking the market, making people more reliant upon the government to provide them the American dream? No thx!
I was referring to the trickle-down model Bernie is advocating against, given that money's been trickling up for a while now.
Has it been "trickling up" as you said? I find it perplexing the economy started growing at such a rate when Trump started cutting regs.
3% GDP growth in quarter two. Obama never even had 3% ever. Even with coming into a destroyed economy.
First off, with a quick search it appears that we have had equal or higher GDP growth rates than 3% under Obama so…?
Second, GDP growth is not a representation of actual incomes, which have been growing more disparate for decades now.
Way to call him on his bs feel tha bern
I agree!  He should follow your example a commit old fashioned bank fraud!
He's one of the ones who wants it that way, why would he fix it?
#berniesandersisasoreloser
Spoken by a trust fund baby
