If you actually cared about the labor force why did you elect Trump! You betrayed all labor, and ALL democrats with your false promises!!
Your Coming Tax Increase
No Trump Tax Returns; No Tax Reform Bill!
Divide the people. I thought you wanted to bring us together   Besides your a millionaire let's not forget that
Wew, some high-grade ideology in these replies.
Would you please take Econ 101 at a reputable University. Your droning on about billionaires is quite tiring. BTW do you need 3 houses?
What kind of country do we live in where racists and white supremacists have more protections than #Dreamers? #defendDACA #remove #resist
1. BS: it is our moral imperative to redistribute $ of the 1%. By voting for this, voters feel they are "helping" the poor...
2. But this redistribution will lead to less investment and ultimately the middle class will take the hit
Bernie your a phony, u talk about billionaires & millionaires but yet you own two or three big homes . 
Stop your rhetoric about the rich
you used to bitch about millionaires until you became one.
How's the third house treating ya there bern?
Ok, no Snopes; here is the original article. Jane sold her parents' house in order for them to buy 3rd house.
Still proves my point that he's detached from most Americans who can't afford one house. So thank you for proving my point. 
I prefer one that actually works #socialismsucks
What do you know about economy, kid?
Apparently more than you. If you take all the money from the rich you'll have nobody employing everyone else
Nobody wants to take away their money. They just need to pay their fare share.
Because right now those super rich pay 39% of their income and unless your better off than most you probably only pay 25
They do on the paper. In reality, tax cuts compensate it.
I suppose you mean loopholes here
Yeap. And many are using it.
Speak for yourself Bernie.
Get a grip Bern, capitalism proven to be best system. Try to be objective from your luxurious lake front home. Why don't you give your $
You're right Bernie..you're right!
The billionaires supply what the market demands ("human needs")
Bull! The rich exploit the worker and corrupt our laws to benefit themselves, that's why the 1%'ers have 90% of the money.
I'm againat government bailouts to the rich to and think a flat tax would eliminate any extra loop holes
Search on twitter 4 Robert Reich. He is one of the top 10 economists in the USA. He has some good economic videos on his home page. em out
We need to have an economy built upon the needs of the people, not the needs of war and war profiteering.
Our war economy has slowly declined over 40 years, time to switch it up, maybe clean energy, selling and building?
Cleaner fuel for boilers with catalytic converters on them, part of a green building program. Rebuild refineries to current EPA standards.
Why don't we go out and break some windows too, replacing Windows helps the economy?
I have energy efficient widows, so I don't need to break and replace any.
I see, so you are against providing additional business to Green energy? Where do you live, I will send over fascists to protest your hatred
I live in Trump Tower, next to Melanie. I will keep the light on for you.
Pot calling kettle black with your six homes
Like you Bernie??
That sounds communist.
I  vote for you
A lot of human needs would be solved if all people who could would be willing to work and not rely on Government handouts.
Half of all Americans earn less than $30,000 per year. We got screwed by the bankers in 2007-8. Don't blame us. Blame Corporate welfare.
Godless Communism is the only way!! Soviet Russia was the pinnacle of human and economic achievement!! And FREEDOM! Don't forget THAT!
To build a good economy you DON'T build it on NEED but a sure Foundation. A house built on sand won't stand when the rains come.
Bernie, what's your house worth again? #hypocrite
Does this guy really believe that? If so, why is he representing the people of VT?
I agree ! Its shameful that Exxon  makes 7 billion $ in profits for one year -- and pays zero tax !
Is it the billionaires ?or the companies , hedge funds , bank intuitions , and lobbyist that crate a greedy beast of a CAPITALISTIC society.
How about HAPPY LABOR DAY everyone? I guess politics as usual will get more hits.
I love it when people defend politicians as if they aren't all corrupt.
The sooner @TheDemocrats ditch the corporate take and claiming "right to rig", the sooner we might begin to fix this country.
You are so confused. The GOP is the party of the rich. If their recent attempt at passing a no HC health bill hasn't shown that, what will?
GOP is much more brazen, but Democrats are also on the corporate take. Two corporate major parties = doesn't feel like either listens.
What about YOUR Millionaire Class??
Diminishing the messenger has little to do with the message. If the message resonates, share. If not, provide a counter argument. #LaborDay
WORK USA
Libs=Envy Jealousy Coveting-Need to Tend to Own Lives & Leave Others Alone to Live Theirs-Care of Needy=Family Churches Welfare
@DNC @ABC @CBS @CNN @MSNBC @nbc @nytimes @washingtonpost @latimes @FoxNews

@POTUS @VP @GOP @OANN @Liz_Wheeler @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson
Senator Sanders: How Much have YOU Donated to Hurricane Harvey Relief? Guaranteed...Conservatives have Donated MORE than Liberals
u Bernie
Does anyone know if Donald Trump has ever put in a hard day's work using his embarrassingly small hands?
Has Bernie?
No your JOB isn't to create economies you dimwit! Your job is to represent you constituents best interests in government.

So start passing out those millions there Bernie.  And start with your fancy car & homes and the mil$ you all ripped off ya selfish LIAR. 
These kinds of ideals are why I can't understand continued distrust of socialism. Even in capitalism, the rich should do the most/best work.
Move to Venezuela or Cuba. You don't understand but we Americans do, that's why  Trump won even though fake media lied for a year.
'Stop the billionaires, socialists millionaires are ok though.' Says #BankFraudBernie
That's an ironic thing about greed. If you have it, you won't listen
First things first Bernie, get the orange monster out of the White House.
How things change...

Again...how things change...
Many people including yourself have benefited off the billionaires. More jobs, more money, better lifestyle...3 houses
they sold a house to afford that last house, moron. my mom - a teacher - bought a house when she was 70. It happens. get over it.
we don't need your socialist zero-economy, for sure. Venezuela is done, like you.

Venezuela used 2B called SJW Equality Paradise! WHAT?? The GOVT grew CORRUPT & let people STARVE? Imagine my shock!
Yay, socialism! #BernieWouldEatDogs #BerniesWifeIsCorrupt #BernieSanders #WednesdayWisdom #dems #democrats #MAGA http://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2017/09/05/venezuelans-eating-dogs-zoo-animals/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=social …

I suppose you are the one that determines what those needs are?
Or the millionaire class of politicians who all come out rich!


That's right Bern those needs R real work+jobs. Yes those evil millionaires+bill_res provide that chance. If all ANTIFA had 1 less/violence
Bought any new homes lately?
Your idea of the needs of the people is to take from working people and give it to lazy ass welfare recipients and illegal immigrants
ANOTHER WORDS YOU AND YOUR DEEP STATE ANTIFA SHOULD BE ON THE TRUMP TRAIN!!! MAGA MAGA MAGA GO TRUMP GO TRUMP GO TRUMP GO TRUMP GO
Then when will you join me and push for the #1500DollarWeeklyAllowance for every US resident of seven years or more?
Trump is promoting a fake tax reform that provides benefits to rich people treating Republican congressmen as subordinates.
Ok Mr. Sanders. Then how about you pledge you won't receive or take in any money from the billionaires who have funded your campaigns.
WTF are you babbling about? There is no such thing as a "billionaire class." There are ppl who got rich fast b/c they made stuff ppl wanted.
I really don't know how you can look at yourself in the mirror..all the money your supporters paid went to hillary. We want a fighter, not U
Then bernie, why did you sell out all your followers for a lake house and 175,000 black and red sports car?? You had her on the ropes &caved
Bernie suckered his supporters in one of the all time biggest political fund raising scams ever seen
How is your families FBI corruption investigation coming? Old fool!


Look who's talking
Lowly communist
"Human need", so eliminate comic book industry, movie & entertainment, sports, what else can we live without? 1 tv network, gvt schools...!
And who decides who needs what? YOU?

So, you "need" three houses, while the rest of us "need" to live crammed into Soviet style apartments?
You should worry about your wife, she's gonna be fitted for an orange jumpsuit even before Hillary.
From the man who espouses democratic socialism, lives in a mansion & off the backs of taxpayers.
You don't give a damn about human need - Proving your greed - A political parasite getting rich on the backs of gullible uninformed suckers.
You are that greed!? You cannot expect me to believe this when you support socialism.
How many mansions do you own?

A man at one time was struggling and now three homes. From a net worth of 400,000 to over 7 million. Yeah,  piss off!
No. The government's job is to protect our rights as granted in the constitution.
Do you NOT see your hypocrisy?  How many houses do you own?  How much money have you earned as a public "servant?" We see you!!!
Didn't stop you from buying the big home after you sold out to the Clintons. You old hypocrite!
Cause god is never gonna understand?
Huh
 Bernie?
I m here?
Your
When r u giving up your money buddy. Harvey needs lots of help. #SupportPotus
And you are one of the liers
When someone works their ass off to make money, who are you to tell them what to do with it? #CrookedBernie
Bernie at a Labor Day rally.  What's next joining ladies aid at church.   You couldn't possibly be more out of your element!!!
I'm not a millionaire and I'm going just fine without and handouts.  It's called responsibility
HYPOCRITE ... that's what YOU are !  
DemReform must address corrupt dnc/sprdelegates or risk repeat of primaries. Cant have unity otherwise. Ignoring is a mistake. @DraftBernie
Bernie have you ever WORKED an honest day in your life??? Please don't preach to us about labor.
Yay! Rewarmed socialism, class warfare, gov dependency, high taxation & identity politics! That'll bring jobs to America... #BetterBullshit
Your time has passed
Senator Sanders, why did you do nothing in 5 years to make DACA part of immigration law? Why did you leave these people vulnerable?

Too bad
Oh shut up!!!
How many times proving socialism DOES NOT WORK does it take for you to take YOUR blinders off? You run out of other peoples money.
Oh so you NEED 3 multi million dollar houses lol.
Who did you steal the money from on you salary.
You mean rich ass people like you!
And we needed Trump, thank god he won woohoo
Your job is to create an economy based on the needs of Americans. Surely not bankrupting a college while screaming free tuition. Get a clue!
Bernie with his "do as I say, not as I do" attitude. You want others to share but it appears you like to keep expensive houses, cars, etc.
It seems old Bernie has greater needs than the rest of us.
How's the investigation against ur wife going? U are being played by killery & minions. U are really seriously ill in the head. Socialism??
Do you provide shelter for illegals in ur 3 houses? U are a $M so u can provide them with what they need w/o costing the taxpayers money.
How's that bank fraud case going? How how those 3 homes of yours (2 of which were payment from Hill to drop from prez bid? Ohn BMW from Hill
Write a book about how HRC and the DNC kept YOU from being president.


WTF do you know about economics?  You're a socialist!
And...every human needs 3 homes-exemplary #Oblivious #Hypocrite who's so out of touch he hasn't felt gravity since creation of the universe
Nonsense. No chance for poor people without risk taking entrepreneurial activities of the succesfull rich
Yeah! That 47% are your supporters! We're tired of it!
Thought it was about ponies.
@SenSanders now that you're a millionaire you complain about billionaires none of it matters to those who have $0 bc elite folks don't share
Your argument is old Bernie, find something new PLEASE 
Says the man who is a millionaire with 3 mansions and his wife is now under investigation 4 a $10mil bank fraud which Bernie is implicated 
We have a billionaire who is working for NOTHING!! What more do you want? Yes we know you all want his Blood too!!
Bernie ...go find that special someplace and stay in it till the adults have finished!
What about the greed of the millionaire-politician class??
You are in that same class @SenSanders . How many of your supporters have as many homes & expensive sports cars, like you do?
Essential
For christs sake just go away
Sell you car, get your Hollywood MILLIONAIRES to fund your freebies! Oh wait.. it's not about that is it? It's about destroying the US.

good one 
It used to be the millionaire class until your constituents became aware of your millionaire status- now it is billionaires. #Hypocrite
Billionaire class? How about the House and Senate Class? Get your ass on the ObamaCare exchange and then I'll listen.
Might want to tell your wife that before she skims more money from banks.
Do you even buy the shit that spills out of your mouth?
So how many homes do you currently own?
BULLSHIT
Jeez - enough of the class warfare already!
Oh Bernie, then you have some explaining to do!
Where were you while you and your wife are trying to kick out disabled elderly! https://www.google.com/amp/www.judicialwatch.org/blog/2017/06/sen-sanders-wife-tried-evicting-disabled-group-home-residents-closing-shady-college-deal-fbi-probe/amp/ …
please read the constitution that is not part of your job.
Class warfare.  Cool.
Well I need a new car so draft that law buddy.
U need to be Fired from your "Job"
You and ur wife are crooks
Why are you cracking on your donors, you Bolshevik fraud?
If you can't say anything helpful, then say nothing at all!
So success and hard work equals greed?
Says the commy socialist.
With unilateral(in many cases) "Free Trade" the Union is outdated. And is more a tax on the worker helping drive industry away without BAT
Votes were the foundation of ALL our rights. Why did you endorse #ElectionFraud, help defraud your donors and ignore #DNCfraudLawsuit?
...Not to mention perpetuate the Russia hoax, sell the overthrow of Syria and campaign for the most corrupt billionaire of all? #BlameRussia
Somehow,I can't see that you need three homes.An avowed socialist with 3 homes,one of which was extorted out of @hillaryclinton #maga
Did you tweet this from your lake  or one of your other two homes?
Which one of you "modest"  are you tweeting this from hypocrite?
Kind of like your wife Bernie. Dope #MAGA
Crook #bankFraud You have no room to speak! You are not an honest person!
This Labor Day struggle should continue until the middle class is restored along with the American Dream!
Why do you need 3 homes then?
Bernie you didn't have a real job until you were 40, right? Waiting so long, you got lucky, you are a financial elite now. You don't relate.


I love when he rolls his sleeves up...
When does government create jobs? If the government will handle creating jobs like medicare or Social Security. We are screwed
Beat it geezer
forever the People's Warrior... Its why I stillburn4Bernie
#DraftBernie 
#Bernie2020
So did I but did not like her choice for VP @ajamubaraka and still tryin to sort out tons of criticisms of @DrJillStein 
Good platforms tho
Did a great jod from 2008 -2016! You Economic  Justice Plan!


Yes! We need to create an economy like Soviet Russia, where Godless, Communist, Jews created a paradise! Or like Cuba and Uncle Fidel!!
States the man who recently purchased his MUCH NEEDED 3rd house.
Hey Bernie, what product did you actually produce to amass your wealth?
Notice Bernie said billionaire class.  He avoided using millionaire class which he is a part of. Double talking Bernie. @SenSanders
Aren't you the 1%. Three homes? Life style of the rich and famous? Does that make you Greedy? YES! TERM LIMITS!!!

Need some socialist leanings on certain critical services like health care and defence to minimise fattening more billionaires !
The class we need to worry about the most are career politicians in Congress, 20% Approval rating  #TermLimits
Better talk to your wife first about that
When are you giving up one of your 3 houses to help with human needs?
Put  in the pockets of labor.

@SenSanders @DraftBernie @Medium #LaborDay #BLM #basicincome #poverty #investment
Hey Bernie speaking of greed how's your wife doing with her case!  While losing your campaign your wife came down with the Madoff syndrome!
State is god. How dare u want capitalism?!
Some would say it's greedy to demand government to steal other people's money, but what do I know?
Hey Bernie your doing real well with that big house on lake Champlain.  I work a shit load and have a degree and all I can do is rent.
Or your freeloader class
We have to work together to repair our country!We really need a miracle!Thank you for not giving up or, giving in!
Bernie, the trumpsters don't understand ur message. They think the 1%ers deserve 2 have all the $. They don't know what Reagan tax cuts did.
Trumpsters and Republican voters are all the "Temporarily Embarrassed Millionaires"
You are so outta touch
