Why is this such a new thing?I’ve been saying this for two months now. No one listens to me. Really? CK has the reason.
The game is no place for political stunt. They get pay money to play, not to be political.
You solve a problem at it's roots, which you only displace blame, it's a complex number of issues, 1or two solutions down the troth is b.s.
@SenSanders Kneeling during our(Our Countries)National Anthem. Do you agree and support this ?Waiting for your answer #notholdingmybreathe
Hopefully all Americans support other Americans right to free speech. It’s never been about the flag or the military. If players during WC want to kneel for their anthems to protest gov backed discrimination, I’d wholly support them.
You have that right. And I have the right to think and say it's wrong. Those players have plenty of Forums to protest
Yes you do. But if you condemn them for protesting during the anthem and call yourself patriotic, you’re a hypocrite. Which is also your right in this country
Sticks and stones. I hold things to a level. Your opinion of me is not relevant to me. If I consider it integrity and others hypocrite
If sticks and stones, why’d you bother to tweet about it?
I chose what and when to tweet. You call me what you want. Hence the reference to the expression
I’m not calling you anything. I’m pointing out the logical fallacies you use to justify your “integrity.”  Believing you have it and actually having it are two different things.
The new kneelers don't give a shit about criminal justice reform, they only did it because Trump said something about it
They did to to spite Trump, they did it for the wrong reasons, it's embarrassing and many have come out and said they will regret forever
Who? Name 5 NFL players who have said that. I'd be shocked if you had one legitimate quote
DT is the one disrespecting the flag and what it stands for
Kaepernick is a Muslim! What do expect?
Totally inappropriate!!!!!! & unappreciative very Sad & divisive coming from a politician shame on u Bernie!!
You are calling him sad and divisive......trump is literally trying to pit his people against the NFL. Pretty sure that’s divisive 
Even children are starting to kneel. Where does it end?
I'm going to teach my dog to kneel to protest those who protest this legitimate and important protest. Does that help?
There was no mistaking your tweet at first read. I got it and applaud you for it.
Thank you, Stephen!
You old fart. Gomer Pyle hasn’t been relevant and nearly 60 years.
But do they need to disrespect the flag, aren't there other protest means 
They're not disrespecting it. If you want them to stand, help them address police brutality and need for criminal justice reform
That can never b achieved thru sport protest action!
I understand why some people don't like it, but it's their right to do it. They're trying to draw attention to an issue that needs addressed
Check the history when family values were the norm. Life was better.
Better for whom? Queer people who couldn't get married and had to live in hiding? Women who were second to their husbands?
wages r declining because of mass immigration. Cheap labor is abundant. High tax’s are driving our Companies overseas. Unions  r the problem
We don't currently have a problem with mass immigration. Immigration between here and Mexico is currently at a net zero
This 1000x's.
DJT should recognize their right 2 protest non-violently.Instead,he fans the protest as disrespect 2 our flag causing division!
Your a piece of trash !!
The same players who turn a blind eye when their teammates smack their wives around? Liberal agenda is still to demonized police. Shame
They'll never be satisfied. The "oppressed " will always feel oppressed. It is their DNA.
Because they want to start an unnecessary useless they only do it because they won't get fired situation #standorkneelforforgivness
Let's get the focus off the NFL and back on Puerto Rico, North Korea and Russia. Or, are you afraid of the Russian investigation?

Kneeling is not the problem! Trump is the problem

Maybe you didn’t see this
The problem never got worse the Racist people started being more open about cause they could take a black man being potus
100 police officers have been killed already this year and how many unarmed Blacks? 10. It's not the police who need reforming Sanders.
But you committed fraud against the tax payers?
I am an example of bad justice Dpt, they are creating criminals
Clueless Trump Administration and sheep supporters. Trumpery loves the poorly educated.

Let's all kneel and discuss term limits.
Let’s also remember that they are being paid to openly protest our nation.  NFL owners should be ashamed..
Yes protest injustice. What is wrong with you that you don't see
Why don’t you see that the American cities with the most black on black crime are run by Democrats, and have been for decades?
Going back to the primary votes African American men pay attention the one that tried to get your vote u don't hear from them not fighting
@NAACP  we are not predators some people will brainwash you just for a vote
Pro Trump PAC trolling social media to denounce kneeling players. That explains the "new" anti kneeler accts.
@giiiera ugh why couldn’t he be our president
If you want a socialist as a president, why not pack your bags and move to Venezuela? They're eating pets over there, you might like it!
Is that all you got? Insults? SOCIALISM DOES NOT WORK!!!!! LOOK AT VENEZUELA!!!
Of course socialism does not work but neither Trump abuses against Americans, and I have more than that.
What abuses?
Not paying taxes, hiring people to work on his own business and never paid them, PRico, supporting the white supremacy. Wow, and you Latina
He paid more taxes than Obama did! I turned off the news a long time ago! I do my own research. I'm not brainwashed. I'm a freethinker.
I agree totally! The picture being painted by the current admin is not only false it is dangerous.
More honor among football players than the human piece of trash that is the US President.
As they say, Bernie( when it comes 2 disrespecting the flag) , " Excuses are like armpits. Everybody's got a couple and they all stink"
Thats funny because the Supreme Court thinks burning it is free speech
Shut up sandersNOONE SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO EXPRESS POLITAL VIEWS AT WORK. And sure as hell not when we r paying
Let's remember what your job is & get you people back to work. Drop the identity politics. 1st  Amendment protects speech. Let's move on.
Drop the identity politics? Trump is driven by white grievances 
Also remember you saying we need to move on from identity politics and spitting on the idea of "systemic racism" whenever Hillary said it…
This sums it up nicely
Brother kicked that double standard right in the teeth. 
This sums it up perfectly!
Yes but right wingers twisted it and say "They hate America and disrespecting the flag" Somebody should teach them history and current events not to mention the first amendment.
Get a clue you antipatriot
Nothing wrong with protesting just not during our national anthem  end of story
Says who? You can't make up your own rules what gets a protest and what doesn't. National Anthem is a song that everything is perfect for everyone. Soldiers fight for the first amendment. You are taking it away. Many veterans disagree with you.
I am a vet I have yet to see a veteran that does disagree I’m not making up rules the anthem is respect for the country protest is separate
Let’s leave it as we agree to disagree  that’s what makes this country great

Remember she was off the clock
Their job is to play a game...not to stand for national anthem. The only clock they're on is the game clock
Their job is to play the game and not protest... correct
But they're not playing the game during the anthem...
Oh ok I forgot they were just playing dress up till kickoff. My b
You just said their job is to play the game. How does protest effect their job performance?
At this point I’m ready to agree to disagree. This is going no where fast and no matter how much we argue we ain’t changing opinions
Reforms are soon done when the people realy start thinking about them!
How about criminal reform... let's start with the Senate and Congress.
There is no need for any of that. People are expecting to get away with things, and you are supporting that.
Or in reality...
The only reason the NFL ratings are down is because we are watching the news!
Get off welfare and get a job. If you can watch TV all day you can work. Liberals love welfare. Free medicare, food stamps, rent, abortions
Bitchbot
Wrong, we need people to respect the law
Remember how you voted for Obamacare making Millions lose coverage
I love you, @SenSanders
I really don't care about this bended knee movement, but I do think employees should not protest on their employers time. @nfl #NFL
Surrender all rights while you're at work. Interesting.
Lets remember why that flag flies. Do you support disrespecting our troops that have come home with that flag over their caskets?
Do you disregard the millions of slaves that unwillingly gave their life for this country, to which this flag does not represent?
If it doesn't represent them TODAY?  You still living in the past skippy?
Do you not understand history? Do you not know who actually made our flag fly high? Are you not informed of who has shaped your stances?
We just went through 8 years of Obama.  You tell me how nothing has changed in this country from a racial perspective...
You going to bring up cops?  If you do bring up African American crime rates as well.
I’ll tell you how we’ve changed, when you tell me how we’re equal.
Are you doing anything about the fact that VT has the highest national rate of incarceration for black men, or...?
So what do you suggest? Make black males exempt from the law? It is pretty simple, don't want to go to jail, stop breaking the law.
Police reform? We need criminals to stop breaking the damn law. You then have a 0% chance of getting shot or arrested. 
#noimnotracist
#leow
Couldn't agree more with you
Let them do that separately what is wrong with you!
The point of the protest is to get your attention. If they didn't do it. You wouldn't know. Maybe try fixing the issues?
No problem with protests big problem with disrespect
We can talk about the need for reform all we want. WHAT ARE THE SOLUTIONS. I am tired of empty rhetoric.
Dangerous journey towards dictatorship -convincing people that peacefully protesting equates to disrespecting the flag and our military @GOP
This country seems to thrive on extremes. Your example is perfect. ANTIFA calling anyone who disagrees with them NAZI'S is another.
Message isn’t lost for minorities. Its loud & clear everyday!!
For those people that our more concerned with the method then what’s actually going on you were Never reaching them in the 1st place.
They Murdered MLK. Dont forget that part.
When are we going to see black athletes stand up against black genocide? Professional sports is filled with self righteous hypocrites!
Maybe when white people figure out why their kids keep walking into schools, churches, and malls massacring ppl?
Like in Tennessee?
What in Tennessee and an outlier is not a reason to dismiss the whole
Didn't take a thing away from your comment-only added...lol. Besides, ppl in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. #Chicago #Oakland
Granted, the man was given the choice to just sit in peaceful protest, but apparently people still kneel. Do they even know why they kneel?
And like with your ideas, nobody cares
More white ppl Sean. More opportunities. Probably explains why more whites are killed by blacks than vice versa
Let's remember some of your crimes against your voters and tax payers in your state. How about money your wife stole from college she worked
You tell em Bernie.  So far it’s worked well for you,,,NOT!!
Boycott the NFL
Oh and maybe more tax free stadiums,  give us a break, Bernie.   This has to stop.
Dont run
Let’s not forget the infamous 3rd verse of the Anthrm which talks about slaves smfh
What is the plan?
They have the platform but have not said a damn thing.
We are all listening.
Amen
Love u Bernie u the man
Really, they are being disrespectful of all those that fought for the right to let them act like that.  Protest somewhere else
Interesting
“I support all cuckolds.” -Comrade Sanders
Thank you!  Seems this reminder needs to go out often.
That has NOTHING to do with the American Flag.
No they did not
Yes we should all kneel that your wife finally goes to jail. That would be total justice.
But you said we should stop getting distracted by "identity politics" and pay more attention to "(white) working class." #hypocrisy
Got that right Bernie
then do something youre the freaking senator
And let's give a group a free pass on the law Bernie right? Of course you are all about free shit.
What law do you accuse them of violating?
Trump got vocal about disrespect and. His followers jumped in it. C K just making people aware of injustice by many. No disrespect.
Yes, but what are you talking about?
And let's not forget why they united with Kap, they kneel now also just to spite a man they don't believe in.
Yeah we get it genius!  Take it to another venue!   MORONS!
Right before our eyes

Well said bernie
Why twice as many whites killed that fake news didn’t cover
#ReformTHIS 
Shut up
Maybe you should start with the Las Vegas Sherrif office.
Where’s the outrage when people order beers, hotdogs, nachos, popcorn, sit and talk during the national anthem. Is it selective?
Tell that to the 1st responders in Vegas.. DA...
Yes let's remember why we don't care, domestic abuse, drugs, murderers. Yes let's listen to these stand up citizens.
Always a beacon of understanding and genuine decency from Bernie
How about linking your arms with their wives, hugging their kids, and taking a knee at church praying for revival in America?
OR, pay some child support and quit committing felonies
SPAM,SPAM,SPAM,SPAM,SPAM!
They should be doing something about black on black crime.
Criminal justice reform starts its the system your party corrupted and raped America with
Spoken like the socialist and cop hater you are. Go kiss DiBlasio's butt.
You never disrespect the National Anthem or the colors!  Not ever, period!  Go peddle your socialism someplace else.  No socialism in U.S.!
Which criminal justice? The ones that they cause? Most of the players have some kind of conviction
 represents america not the players
Bernie, you know it's still wrong. The Average joe/Jane can't protest during their work hours.   They will be wrote up or fired. Fired!!
Ah yes, because the work of a footballer is to stand during elections. Because when they kneel for a whole 3-4 minutes (gasp) they become
And how many of them are actually going back to their hometowns and helping "their" people?
Let's also remember that you are a grifter with 3 houses
Bernie you da baddest 
Don't the military kneel when presenting the flag at funerals? I thought this was a sign of respect...not disrespect as some would have us believe.
...and pissed for being called SOB.
Thank you!! 
If that is truly what it's about... they picked the wrong time and place to make their "statement".  Now We The People are making ours!!
The false narrative of hands up don't shoot has torn this country apart and be the cause millions in property damag...   all based on a lie
well done, Bernie!What's the problem with song and kneeling on an outdoor field, anyways? Churches do it.
People are of free will to do as they please fuck President Trump
yes sir, not against Trump necessairly.
The way I see it, they shouldn't be getting shit regardless! Think: East vs West Germany. Which was more likely to force people to pledge?
Players should voice their opinions without destroying the NFL. Perhaps by using methods already in place.
#WHEREWEREUDURINGOBAMA
You sir are the dumbest person to ever live. You should go find a tree and apologize to it for stealing oxygen from it
Anyone seen the latest on "poor. Michael Bennet" statement about being singled out as a black man? Absolute lies.
By disrespecting our flag/anthem this protest is not gaining needed support.
Maybe they should have football playing reform
Whatever. We are talking about respecting the flag and anthem.
How about they talk about black on black crime, the high black unemployment, and the high number of single parent black homes?
Maybe someone should ask NFL why do you even have the Anthem before your game? It isn't required yet they seem to keep it and lose viewers.

Black power. http://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/20885167/carolina-panthers-quarterback-cam-newton-holds-clenched-fist-sign-solidarity-50th-career-rushing-touchdown …
How about criminal reform for you!
WHAT ABOUT POLITICAL REFORM ,FINANCIAL REFORM,BLUE COLLAR JOB CREATION,BIG ENERGY REFORM,DONT JUST TALK ABOUT THE SUBJECT MATTER AT THE TIME
No kap stated he was not going to stand for the flag he made it personal for those of us who love this nation
Give them HELL and LOVE and you will not miss the trail to happiness

That is crap Bernie. Let's see then bitching  people do the job. Oh they can't they are criminals or idiots that don't know better
You both are clueless have should not be in America!
Or two parent households, no abortions, pulling your pants up.... I'm with you Bernie!
It's the best the world has to offer.
They're kneeling for ratings and it's going poorly for them
How about people start obeying the law more?
Trump & his supporters don't give a shit ! The majority of these players aren't seen as people , let alone Americans w/equal rights .
You clearly don't know the criminal justice stats, or you say the reform is needed in black neighborhoods and families.
I'm going to offer you really good advice. criminal justice & you right now? best to stay quiet while your wife has that little....thing...
Go hug a tree... I recommend Aspen... less bark
#feelinthebern
Criminal justice reform and police department reform my A$$....looks like Soros is paying you well!
A proper president carries a fire extinguisher, not a gallon of gasoline.
So why are they kneeling now?
Freedom of speech and the right to protest are not being attacked. It's the method that these "millionaires" are using that's offensive. 
Then Protest organizations that abuse power, 1s supposed 2 oversee them, the politicians promised change but gave none,  not the flag.
Bernieeeeeeee!  I wanted you to be President!
Sen Sanders are there any peace officers in Vermont who still have jobs who have been convicted of a gross misdemeanor?  Start Reforming
Also dislike foe the anthem. Francis Scott Key was a Slave Hunter and one verse is left out because it shows his bias.
Don’t care what a millionaire that plays with a ball for a living thinks. Just play with the ball stupid.
Fuck the kneeling! How come on the off season all the players were silent? They make so much commercials could've been put out marches?
You talking about this?

Anyone want to explain this? @Browns @NFL @RosenDreGrl @espn @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump 
No they're not. Last weekend was anti trump like the player in end zone making like a dog peeing. Classy.
They should not do it during working hours!!!! No one watched NFL to see that crap!
Something our last president refused to even look at. This should never have gone this far!!
Exactly Bernie!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You are a disgrace to this country
So let’s protest during the National Anthem, real classy by a bunch of what are suppose to be role models for children.... disrespectful
