An 8-year-old boy was pushed by teenagers off a picnic table with a rope around his neck, his family said http://nyti.ms/2w9k9wn 
the racist part doesn't even matter ... they tried to hang a human being ... that's attempted murder
yeah it uh, definitely does.  This is a race fueled crime and it must be dealt with like that.  don’t make it not about race because you’re
making it about race actually demeans and clouds the important issue of attempted MURDER ... are we not all human
It’s attempted murder fueled by race.  IF race isn’t brought into this than the case is not fully served... not all of the content is there
so lost in personal issues that most important aspect seems to have no concern to you ... murderers attacked innocent ... they are vile
What you're trying to do is remove the motive so the criminals would only be tried for manslaughter. Race is why the crime was committed.
murder is "the unlawful premeditated killing of one human being by another" ... motive is a detective tool
So what, you want a cookie because you can use the internet? You can't say they murdered him without motive because that's manslaughter.
waiting for racists to defend the kids who tried to lynch this poor boy.
"Just boys being boys." I'm counting down the moments till I see someone offer up that defense. :/
I wish these people would just say they hate all black people and get it over with.  We can all see it you don’t have to try and hide.
Chief of police already has. He said things done as "young children" shouldn't follow us for life. Um, a teenager is not young child.
yes, for sure.  these kids knew exactly what they were doing, and the police chief knew exactly what he was doing in condoning it.
From @nhpr article:  As the vigil broke up..a pickup truck drove around the town square w/ a full-sized confederate flag waving in the wind.
That's BS. Some made up Crap!  This was a direct result of rapper video.
Which bit is bullshit? The rope burns on his throat? The need to airlift him to a bigger hospital? That he swung 3 times before ESCAPING?
Overjoyed that this is finally getting the attention it deserves. This boy was lynched in 2017 in the "liberal" North. #Claremontnhlynching
Perhaps the parents of racist, lynching, teenagers should be held accountable and culpable?
there is certainly something to be said for this view
If Muslims had done this it'll be called terrorists act right off the gate. Double standard is a serious problem in our Country.
*out of the gate.

No it wouldn't. No evidence to suggest violence used for political outcome.
It was a reference. Still true most times terrorism is not used when the nationality of the perp does not fit conventional stereotypes.
You made that up...
Lol.
Give examples... oh wait, you can't because you made it up.
There are plenty.
What about the fear a conservative Christian  woman feels in her community for not conforming to the feminist liberal bullshit?
hahahaaaaa. you need to do stand up girl
Don't assume my gender. I was asking for a friend.
Ill call you whatever you'd like. how about princess
This is absolutely DISGUSTING&HORRIBLE!..Those teenagers should be punished-JAIL time..Still happening in America!...
This is sick and should be investigated thoroughly
They should be charged with assault or maybe attempted murder.
I live in fear, in my community, of your "Medicare4All" plan. What Justice can I expect?
This was an act of racism and hate!!!! These boys should be punished and my use the eccause "boys Wil be boys."
Error in statement, meant to write " the excuse......"
The reason it won't is because too many have family members who are racists.
So that will prevent justice being done how?
If not, then why not? That is the real question. If this was your child, would you think justice was being done?
Of course I want justice done; no real American of any color will oppose justice. What I won't buy into is a dumb-ass conspiracy
No mention of the boy's father in any article. 
@lsarsour @nytimes meanwhile, back at the ranch,  blood runs in the streets EVERY DAY from mohammedean violence.
Communities need to revive the neighborhood watch program, we used to have signs for windows letting kids know they were safe with us.
@nytimes Boys will be boys.
When this story turns out to be bullshit, will you make any comment or just sweep it under the rug because it doesn't enforce your narrative
What is the evidence for the motivation behind this alleged attack being the color of the boy's skin? Where's a good article showing motive?
No one should live in fear?  Bernie, you're trying to make US look like Venezuela, now that is scary
How about lawful citizens living in fear in our cities, is it ok to live in fear only when your all the same color?
Shouldn't we thoroughly investigate all crimes or just the ones you can use to political advantage and fundraise off of?
Wish your just advice would be followed and not twisted.
Please share http://thndr.me/rLKzPY  and support 
Like
Not now. Not ever. #NeverAgain  #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
G&v
I& vhjijjķ " yy)÷>!]3
From point of view the charlorville protest the anti monument protestors out number the other group at least 100to1 who were more violent
The goal of the majority has always been to repress the minorities of this country.  Generations of ignorance, greed and "small cocks."

What no mention of the teachers who taped up white students & put them in dark closets so they can be slaves?
The local police department is more concerned about protecting the reputation of the perpetrators.
see, @realDonaldTrump? That's how a REAL President responds to racism!
عاشقانه دوستتان دارم
Only because it's "racist," right? Not because a child was terrorized?
Hey Bernie get a life....lol
Maybe if XXX didn't hang a white boy on a video!  Prison for XXX.
Politicians are race baiting and it needs to stop NOW!
It's southern NH. Why is anyone surprised? The area is still littered with massive Trump signs.

And Bernie you are a nasty Israel hater just as bad as Sarsour puke
Teenagers need to tried as adults
Bernie, they are 12 years old
Yes it must be investigated and those responsible prosecuted, no matter their age.
I wish you felt that strongly about investigating #CrookedHillary #CrookedLynch #CrookedRice #ClintonBodyCount #TarmacMeeting shall I go on?
PLEASE DO!! I think you don't understand me...
Seth Conrad Rich (January 3, 1989 – July 10, 2016) was an American employee for the Democratic National Committee (DNC) who was fatally shot
I'm VERY aware of that case, wtfs your point??
your outraged about this today.... tomorrow you will move on to the next "news" pointing to another injustice.. forgetting about first 1st.
Wow, I don't "forget", dude...I WONT forget. Don't keep your panties all in a bunch. I'm a Progressive!!
I'm not ur "dude". what's with all the hostility?? #progrsseive ??? #antifa supporter ?
LOL, no, nope and Negative
From the responses on here nobody read the story including Sanders there are inconsistencies in it
Good old Bernie. Never far from soapbox.
You should also investigate the black rapper XXXTentacion that lynches a white kid on his video while a black kid watches. hypocrite
The most vile impact of this presidency is that it's ambiguity over racial equality has given license to racism!  Dark moment in our history
This all has to stop. No matter a person's color, ethnic or religious background EVERYONE should be treated with respect and dignity
Notice how @lsarsour hasn't said 1 word condemning London terror attack yest?  Could it be bc she's a Hamas/Muslim Brotherhood operative?
Your racist acts must be investigated! Oh wait, they already are. You're on the terrorist watch list 
Tell that to your president
I wouldn't be surprised if it was because of that video from that disgusting rapper. Incitement is a powerful weapon.
Now do Kate Steinle
I'm thinking one of the kids must be the son/daughter of someone at the police station.
So much virtue signaling, so little time.
Black Man Who Tortured, Executed Two White Teens Makes ‘Black Lives Matter’ Speech at Sentencing
I think police don't really care take their time about crime when it's a none white
What are we doing America. This hurts my soul that we in 2017 would do this to another human being.
What's Going On In This World! !
Rapper Xxxtentacion Hangs A White Boy In his video.  Maybe some retaliation?
Could be OMG 
Fake news
That's b/c trump & supporters r unleashing more hate, then this Country has seen in DecadesWe spent an eternity trying 2 rid country of hate
I wanna know where were all you white haters when the 4 black racists tortured the handicapped white man?
It IS A HATE CRIME
This is America ..... black people have ALWAYS lived in fear there. Wake up Bernie
@ShaunKing & Linda--->You see how it's done? Well said, Sen.
Tragic situation! How do you know this was a hate crime, other than self-proclaiming it?
What I read, it sounds like the teenagers were racists; but white supremacists? Reason I'm asking is that lefties will blame trump for it.
Shut up Bernie. What about the thugs in st Louis? Got nothing to say about them?
And this is in New Hampshire, NOT the Deep South
Exactly!  Thank You!  This is Domestic Terrorism too, isn't it?  
They ran & left this child knowing he could Die!  So Sick!
Come on man, you know the cops already told the mom they are protecting the assailants. They have the complexion for the protection.
Muslim pigs of Pakistan killed all the Hindus.
@lsarsour this is horrific. We must find a way out of this madness. #collectivehypnosis
Dear God how can we continue to tolerate this crap??
What have we become where our kids think this is okay to do to one of their peers?
Wow LOOKS LIKE James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before  investigation was over & so much more. A rigged system!  @realDonaldTrump
You, hilLIARy and Obummer started all this crap. You are to blame.
This is painful & soooo wrong. Why don't the Yahoo & racists supporters go after Government & the thiefs of US $$.Clearly it's not us IDIOTS
Are you surprised ? This is what celebrities are doing to influence our kids
The art of taking things out of context the video
https://youtu.be/uqUdzDIytxc 
I saw a story like that before. That's awful.
The video i linked is actually against violence (at least the whole thing is
So you're also taking that music video thingy out of context. Find the whole thing and watch it first
That being said, my condolences to that family having their kid go through that.
Ill do your job for you. Interpret it how you will 
https://youtu.be/qku2WZ7aRYw 
Kids looks up to these talentless fools
No comment on #BlackLivesMatter rioters,  tough guy ??
So, you can be arrested at 8 for cutting fruit with butter knife in school but skate at 14 for attempted murder? 'Merica, here's your sign!
Direct result of raising children w/o empathy. Read how the mental health community has ponder if it should normalize certain sociopathies.
What would Venezuela do, right comrade?

Who is your preferred candidate for president for 2020? (RT AFTER VOTING) #2020 #Election #Bernie #Trump #Biden #Poll #TwitterPoll
Now you care? Where were you when Obama and Hillary supported the Nazi army in Ukraine? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNeH-vw7P4E&oref=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DWNeH-vw7P4E&has_verified=1 …
Hmmm ok. 
Note to self: breath
Hillary tells me you're not helping or doing the right thing Bernie, why should I believe you now when she says you're so toxic?
Look what Obama and Hillary did to Libya if you are worried about racism tell Trump not to do the same
The perpetrator got a slap on the hand.. barely. There was no justice. Heartbreaking.
Yet it's ok for #BlackLivesMatter to make a promotional video of a white child being hung?
Says the guy who won't condemned the terrorist group antifa.
Yes please
Omg! Horrific!!!!!!
Mr sanders how come you don't speak up about the black rapper making a video of a hanging of a white child, all of this has to stop
How about we take a moment to make reality a priority over fiction?
Well bad people now seem to be more empowered now. Gee I wonder why. I wonder what you could have done, so we didn't have a president Trump.
Tag a neo nazi @PissIron
Umm I'm actually KKK how embarrassing
This is not my America! If we would all just live by the rules we learned in elementary school this would be a much kinder world.
2017 USA? You've got big problems. 
To be silent is to be complicit. To do nothing is to embolden the racists.
horrible!
SenSanders I understand ur statement but it should read. No one should live in fear in ANY COMMUNITY. We shouldn't b fearful anywhere we go.
This has got to stop!!
This is all Trump fault head bigot! Impeach the new Age Hitler
Here's Bernie again, the agent of Hillary, with his usual "we must ..." rhetoric.
