Trump's own top security officials say Iran is meeting its commitments under the deal and that it is in the security interests of the US.
Now that this decision has been put in Congress’ hands, it’s up to us to stop this drift toward war.
Congress should listen to what virtually the entire national security community is saying – that the Iran deal is working – and protect it.
some of us will still be alive in 20 years and Iran will still be saying death to America butt now with a big bomb
Bernie, i am so worried about our country under Trump I just know our  founding fathers could ever think such an idiot would b pres
I don’t understand how he is still commander in chief. Sorry, can’t even use the “P” word when it comes to him.
Home of the Brave!
You always know President Donald J Trump made the right decision when the liberals act like unhinged idiots. USA  1st
The unhinged is the reason why he won...prob is he's not holding up to his promise to the middle class. He said pull out and keep the deal.
Now hes ch his mind. He said http://wall.now  maybe no wall. His tax plan will split the rich and poor...
How do you split the poor? They pay zero taxes. The lies are over & middleclass will benefit. You want to be rich, WORK!
Trump is still going to give 0% to the poor...have you even seen his tax proposal??
The problem with your theory...gut the poor!! Will bite you too when you're in poverty too. Because the elite will win.
You make your life choices good and bad. And I'm not poor and I don't buy 900 dollar phones.a lot of people make poor choices with income.
Don’t you have some property to redistribute somewhere?
Yep it does make ya unsafe # why he still in charge Mr 45
The DEAL IS TO SCREW America and other Chrstian nation
And what is the difference between them and our evangelical's who along with Russians put asshole in office?
What would have destroyed this country , would have been to elect u POTUS. One word : Venezuela
THAT'S the truth!
Any effort to reduce large weapons from irresponsible rogue countries is a positive step
there has been apartheid & slave trade does not mean, old mistakes to set as standard, there is good behaviour criteria as responsible state
Yea yer right crazy Bernie Iran will launch at Israel before Vermont hey! Aren't you Jewish?
It isn’t only Americans he makes less safe
As if uranium enrichment was the sole component of a nuclear device & a decade would pass without the manufacture & amassing of every other
element necessary to deliver such a device. The original deal is very suspect. I'd argue that a planeload of cash made Americans less safe.
You'd see to it that we were all but extinct, if you were in control. #MAGA
Drain the swamp --time to "flush the toilet "
I totally agree.  What can we do?
Bernie,  what do we need to do to to get this monster out of the white house? Please help us make this happen.
Shut up dude , treaties must go though the proper process.
GET HIM OUT! What is congress waiting on? Are you all going to let one minuscule unpresidential man destroy our country??? God help us.
I'm no Trump fan, but if you think a minuscule unpresidential man, as you say, is the problem in DC, not the establishment, you're mistaken.
Since when do we trust Iran? Motives?
He has too many motives; his lust for power over all people & things not least. Wants to please Netanyahu personally & Saudi$ - NOT Israel.
You don’t want to have to take responsibility on a botched deal I’m assuming? Which is why the legislative is always pushing duties off.
Wrong again Senator, this is why Iran Deal is bad. If your people have time the can watch it for you.
Didn't Iran hold us hostage once before? Trump is no Jimmy Carter. MAGA
He seems to not want peace
U r a certified idiot
Unfortunately Trump is an idiot who is surrounded himself with even bigger idiots, I expect will see a lot worse before it’s all done...
I thank god everyday that you and Killary aren't in office :)
Reckless with everyone except with his own! #Pushthe25thAmmendment
Sir, I'm afraid of this President. In my 58 yrs of life, never have I been afraid of war on our own soil. Please help impeach
Next time you should stay in the game. You'd be president right now if the democrats would have given you the Democratic nomination.
Sane people time to stop being a problem.please pickup a bag of trash locally.Shake the hand of those that serve where you live.hate
No. The Iran Deal makes us less safe. #Socialismkills
Fighting for a country that wants to destroy us may leave Americans feeling like you don't have their best interests at heart.
The reason PRESIDENT TRUMP WILL NOT IS BECAUSE HE IS Not A  SORRYCOMMUNIST LIKE BERNIESANDERS!! PRESIDENTTRUMPIS FORAMERICANS
Shut up Bernie no one even cares about u anymore RESPECT OUR PRESIDENT
Your taught on the soon to come invasion of Iran by the US &ally the Saudis. 1st the Saudis drop Qatar then trying to buy Russia friendship
Delaying Iran’s inevitable acquisition of nuclear weapons is not a plan. Instituting debilitating sanctions on them is the only answer.
99% sure Trump is the 3rd antichrist...
To be more precise, it makes all of us less safe. Not all of us are American
Reckless was attempting to commit the United States to a deal without Senate approval ... Senator
Electing you or Hillary would have been a reckless move for America
He wants congress to come up with something better for Iran, for health care, for taxes, for security.
You are so crazy  Bernie such a sad  being not really human a Socialist Marxist robot crawl in your robot cave 
I just wish you democrats would shut up uuugghhh
Enjoy that 3rd house Hillary bought you. Sellout. Socialism does not work. You always run out of other peoples money to spend in the end.
The Iran deal is a joke. The 150 billion they got would have been greatly served for helping the hurricane victims in TX and Florida.
The DEAL is nothing but foolish and not in the best interest of ANY CHRISTIAN nation oh I forgot your not either
Rhine to " flush the toilet" Washington turned to poop "
you lost me at hillary endorsement.
You make us less safe with your socialist rants!
Wait, didn't we have them millions of dollars in unmarked foreign currency by the skid load? I thought we paid them off to be safe lol
Think you have that backwards, but what else is new, your way of thinking was always backwards.
The Iran deal should've never happened and is a disaster! So glad Trump is trying to decertify this horrible agreement!
Guess you shouldn't have sold out then, huh?
Sanders is always on the wrong side of everything good.I say he's reckless big league!
Congress: please impeach this evil before he harms more American
Yeah and we should listen to you and your globalist because you’d never sell us out for the price of a house, right Bernie?
.@SenSanders doesn’t remember Eli Wiesel on Holocaust:“When someone say they’re going to kill you, believe them.”
Sanders abjures his heritage, and a history of blaming all sides whilst picking none.

Screw that guy.
#socialismsucks
How safe is it to allow Iran to develop and build nuclear weapons?
Trumps philosophy on governing is: what would a good President do, then does the opposite.
And undermines our integrity on the world stage .
You saying women fantasize about being raped by 3 men makes women unsafe. Retire
BS.
Trump presents the clearest case for impeachment imaginable, yet the GOP cannot do the right thing and Dems are not calling for it enough.
The Democrats made us less safe the facts are Beyond contestation
Why ppl are afraid to say it? From the POV of Trump supporters, everything that the N... president has done must be undone. #racistfarright
America has no business dictating anything to Iran, which was a civilization thousands of years before this greedy bully nation
The #IranDeal was a reckless deal w/ a country that is a huge sponsor of terrorism.
My heart tells me Bernie Sanders was blackmailed to drop out of the presidential election..
Sanders, go play “find the fireman” with your buddy Harvey and leave foreign policy to others.
The man is insane. Please press for the 25th amendment!
Obama's deal with Iran made the whole world unsafe.
Not just Americans....
Thank you Bernie! #FeelTheBern
The reckless move was made when this deal was proposed by the like of people like you, retire so real Americans can get in the Senate
It's some pitful fools that don't see don the con for what he is #impeachment/lock him up
Democrats just oppose because he's a republican. It was an awful deal and you know it.
How you figure that Bernie?
How about @BarackObama shouldn’t make deals with Terrorist countries!   Liberals are the worst!!!
Shut the fuck up, sellout. Go change Hillarys pampers.
Bernie, I am an independant typically voting conservative. However, I would have voted for you, and still will. Unless Matt Romney runs...
Like communist and socialist that u push while u live the high waycontrol the working class your dangerous to the Americas
you people make us less safe, we will deal with Iran same as N.K in 10 years you never learn
You're a loser Bernie plus you're a thief.

It was pretty damn reckless to enter into an agreement w a terrorist state that we have no diplomatic relations with.
That Iranian deal is horrid. The Democrats gave away Billions and got NOTHING in return.
So you would rather Iran to have nuclear weapons and us keep sanctions in place ?

What are you going to do about it?

Bernie, you’re an embarrassment to this country.

So giving a country billions of dollars and nuke capabilities that hates and wants to kill us is a good idea WTF
You know what you're lying by what he's doing actually makes us safer you're supposed to be there to protect the United States not hurt it
God help us can not anyone do to get this president out of office.please before were all blowed up. Please.
Yes, correct. But you left out your reckless, and painfully late primary exit, which helpedTrump. Thanks, go home Bernie.
Wouldnt it be nice, Mr. Sanders, if you had new ideas, instead of just trashing Trump? 
Trashing Trump didnt win in 2016, how 'bout 2020?
Just shut up Bernie's twitter person.  You're igonorant and reckless.
Reckless moves,U MEAN like OPEN BORDERS,GIVING HRC any type of confidential info/email,or like trusting ur wife not2 steal MONEY fm schools.
His allies are angry and they are letting the US know
why was bernie sanders one of only two senators to vote against Russia sanctions?
#Hypocrite
Go spend some time w ur piggly wiggly wife... before she goes to jail for #BankFraudBernie...take ur viagra...cuz that's just gotta be gross
Dude u voted against the Iran deal if I remember correctly
Mr Sanders I truly hope there are some restrictions that apply to the wildness of this President.  trump proposed is worse Obama

Thelma
When are Americans going to wake up, this man (Trump) is a danger to this country.  He is by far an idiot in chief
#25thAmendmentNow

And not only Americans, your neighbours up here in Canada worry too!
I still wonder what U.S voters were thinking when they votes Mr Trump in to White House
Die hard Trump supporters should have to have their children join the military if they believe in what Trump is doing about Iran & N Korea
When will chump's obsession w/Obama Sto?! When the world ends?! He must be yanked from office by any means possible! Any means!
Why don’t you tell it like it is, it  isn’t #Trumps decision, it’s the #Zionist/Jews who are are running the state department.
Talk talk talk, when do we eat ?
How can giving Iran a path to nuclear weapons make America more safe. Bad Deal Bernie!
Bernie, we paid Iran millions that R now helping finance N Korea nuclear & missile development-Iran breaks word all the time-you're nuts
U know inside deep state wants war over petro$!!!
It's not the press! Do you read his true concerns on his Twitter account? He's more worried about was the press say about him. What about US
and will start war
His only objective is to erase Obama legacy.
Oh really? No wonder you are NOT the President of the US.
Please, please, please.. Run again! We need you!
Bernie, Trump, as he should, put the ball in your court. You afraid to sweat?
Because Obama’s deal with Iran certainly made America safe.
I did. Not from itself though.

You are right. You should be in that chair. Hope next time I can vote for you. God bless you.
This is a mess! But you guys are worried about Dems & Reps. What about America's future? He is clearly disfunctional! Point blank!!
Bernie, if you agreed with the Ira Deal as it was, you had agreed to the WORST deal ever done by this country. You are always very wrong.
What will it take for Americans to wake up? When war hits home? Or when we have rumble through the clutter to find our children?
They have had all these yrs but done nothing. They better get some retraining. A man never been in politics having to right things for......
Every move by Trump is reckless! We need someone who understands what he/she is doing, not just opposite Obamas plan. Maybe President class
If you know this, then IMPEACH THIS LUNATIC. ARTICLE 25.
And I don't have my official White House china yet. Can you help me with that too? #flotus
Oh, don't you just wish your saboteurs let you run against him...
That's the Idea isn't it ? For the NWO ?
He sees people as pawns
You could’ve stopped him Bernie if you came out earlier to support Hillary!!! You’re part to blame!
The National Security Officials are the same deepstate shills controlling ISIS in the background and Spying on Americans... you're clueless.
How does inhibiting the Iranian regime in their goals to get Nuclear weapons by NOT handing over billions of tax dollars make us unsafe???!
Not working Bernie. Already hurting you ask for $ to defend issues. Enough! Rep. Outspend. Time for violence. That's what works!
The so called Iran deal is a win for Iran, but not America!  Why would we want this?
Not keeping the US healthy or safe. #TrumpUncare
Obama brought this policy into existence w/o the best interest of US, middle east and  the world with ahuge $ transfer for funding terrorism
impeach trump
Bernie have you heard of the politicians who like you keep doing all you can to cowtow to our enemies?? Destroying usa economy...
Like TPP?  Quit being a partisan hack Bernie. Start fighting for your American voters. They need help more that Iran $$.
Awful pity that your not President Bernie.
if you was elected America would be like Venezuela in no time at all. Trump is undoing the Bullshit that shouldn't have happen.
Sad seeing "Americans" siding with the terrorists. You should be ashamed.
And you lived in a mud floor hut until age 40
Will the B.S. ever change. It seems to only get WORSE!!
Will we all live through this administration ?
This makes America even weaker. He stop going after N. Korea(the real threat) to focus on a country he could bully.
Rex is right!! The man's a FLICKING MORON!
The usa has been itching to fight Iran for as long as I remember.
We finally have a president with a set b#@#$ who is not going to take crap from the idiots in the middle East.
Bernie is Fake News!  P.S. how's your wife's Federal Fraud case going Don't drop the soap.
#scumbagSOCIALIST
America is less safe with your Corrupt Ass in office this is why Trump is President and you are Not.
Most reckless move in history: giving @SenSanders a microphone
You sure do align yourself with a lot of people who hate this country.
If Bernie were President I can only imagine how screwed up thing would be. Bernie is just plain nuts.
Bernie, just go back to your million dollar lake vacation home and count your wife’s dirty money from selling out special needs adults
How is that making us less safe????? Its actually the opposite. Please just go away old man.

More bullshit from bernsie the blow hard bullshivik- fact is that the Iran deal certifies the US as hostage to all foreign countries
Very refreshing a sitting president stay on his campaign promises!
Promise Made Promise Kept
#MAGA 

Career frauds like you are what has turned America into the cesspool of greed and hate that it has become.
