
You do understand that communism and socialism are not the same thing, right? Right?!
Uhh yeah
If u are posting that inaccurate meme, then obviously u don't. Socialism is healthcare, public services, public roads etc. Paid with taxes
There's actually just a tad bit more to it than just those
Your gov has made you americans so terrified of socialism that it blinds you to everything else. Think for yourself, don't be a sheep.
We do think for ourselves
Then why do you think that countries with UHC are oppressed? Don't see people fleeing France, UK, Holland, Noway etc.
If there was less government regulation in the US, there would be more for competition, thus more tech improvement and cheaper medication.
Oh yes the only health care plan that puts babies in a death panel 

http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/28/health/charlie-gard-death/index.html …

#CharlieGard
What are the benefits of a publicly funded health care system? Ask a doctor at the Mayo Clinic who treats dozens of Canadian citizens
THANK YOU, @RitikaGoelTO, for your input. Most Americans' views on universal healthcare systems are distorted by misleading propaganda.
It would be lovely to be able to not have to play "am I sick enough to pay $40 for a copay and $25+ for possible medicine"
So paying $65 occasionally when sick compared to 40% of your income every week to pay for single payer for all
Hmm, ya tough choice
Where did you get your #'s.? 40%? No one in Canada pays that for health care! Everyone is covered!
She is just a troll, Paul.
I'm not a troll I just don't want my government involved in healthcare until they get their act together
The VA is a perfect example
My apologies, @missy_zaccaro
No worries, it's all good
Would you be so kind to get your facts straight before spouting lies about Canada's system of universal health care. Thanks.
It is not Socialism, healthcare is Right.the Government is responsible for providing & paying for the best healthcare system for its people.
Ummm, no, it's not a right. If it were a right people in Africa would have Medicare for all
It is a right for all.
Welfare is not a constitutional right
We had a Canadian truck driver break his leg when he slipped on ice... he was happy because doing it in the USA it will get fixed correctly
Either your tweet is 100%bullshit or the truck driver was full of it, although in his defense he probably gets bombarded with propaganda.
100% truth and may god strike me dead the guy was smiling with a compound fracture said he was glad it happened in the USA
Then it was the driver that was full of it. Lot of wannabe Merikans driving those big rigs. Too much time to think not enough intel to do it
What are disadvantages ?
Name one publicly funded system that works.
France has the best healthcare system in the world......Publicly funded.
How long does it take to get an appointment in Canada? How long does it take for diagnostic testing to take place in Canada?
If you don't think most Americans have to wait to see an MD then you're very much not well informed about HC in the United States.
Here’s a benefit for UK’s single payer... if you are fat or smoker Big Gov will deny you some surgeries.
According to WHO The US healthcare system is 37th in the world, number 1 is France. Who have universal healthcare. #justsaying
Yes... & 1) many ppl don't know how to navigate the system or how to be responsible users of finite resources, leading to 2) LONG wait times
Long wait times translate into 3) delayed care & a reactive system that leads Cdns who can afford it seeking medical tourism.
If they come here they better be rich! Americans leave the US just so they can get healthcare without being financially devastated!
NO! Someone has to pay for those who take and have never contributed to anything.
I don't mind. I think every life has value.
I am so grateful to be Canadian, couldn’t imagine having to worry about if I or my family can afford to go to the doctor!Basic human right!
Absolutely!
I’m a Canadian and can vouch for this. I have never seen a medical bill in my life and I’ve had multiple surgeries
Damn, you people are lucky.
It’s modern day slavery for the GOP to treat human life as a commodity. Every person has a right to health care. There’s no question
I live in the UK and can't imagine living somewhere where you would have to worry about getting sick and not being able to pay. Madness
Bullshit why is it that people from Canada come to America for medical care  A: because the medical care in Canada sucks!
In England, the doctors have control for the care you get!!  You have no choice of the hospital or treatment plan.
Our system is not perfect but I'd rather have freedom to choose.
I'd rather have the freedom of universal healthcare and not pay a single cent then choose my doctor and go bankrupt
I actually benefit from others around me being happy & healthy. Paying for others pays off & knowing it's there when I need it- priceless.
So important! It is beyond me how so many Americans don't understand this.
We need Medicare For All. Now.
Going to post a video on the cons as well? I thought not. We don't need another government takeover. Regulate the industry, don't become it.
http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-faq …
Single payer works, yes. And is wonderful, unless you fall on the wrong side of the genetic lottery. From there, it’s a fight for life.
You also have to take into account US has the worlds greatest medical infastructure we already paid for thats going to b in place
Have you stopped to think that the US has the worlds greatest medical infrastructure because we don't have single payer?
Non the less the system is already set up w/o insurance companies takn billions there would be a surplus of monies to make it evn better
That makes no sense whatsoever
go 2 th Dr 4 tstng tll u results wll b n 4 days Dr wll call insrnce compnies pay to dvlp btter fster equip thy gt ur reslts b4 u weigh in
Cut out insur fstr reslts more opt w/o insr givn cheap meds or big pharma deals for using thr meds fstr rslts mr options how do u nt get
I don't know what kind of ins u have but my doc calls me within 2 days of test. No waiting at all. Not sure what options you need?
Bernie, what part of the picture don't you understand? People want insurance then buy it but don't force taxes to cover them!
You either fail to understand how it works, or lack any compassion; many can't afford pvt. Ins. Everyone saves $ under single payer.
So you expect me to pay for your insurance? Your crazy! Get a JOB
Then why is there a booming business of flying Canadian's into the USA for routine surgery and joint replacement????
My niece was born in Canada, she had everything since the very beginning, best care ever.
We have a baby boomer generation bankrupting our HC system. We won't have any money for me when I get there. We all know this and are scared
There will always be money. I work in health care. Don't stress.
I can't fathom American health care. "No, I'd prefer to live in a state of insecurity and stress than have peace of mind".
I can't fathom a country who votes in a PM because he has good hair
You should try it.
No thanks, I'd rather strong confidant man leading my country than a weasel who needs to look in the mirror every 20 minutes
You feeling okay this morning? Picking a fight with Canada seems a little weird. You guys don't have enough on your plate?
I was quite amused the number of 'supposed' Canadians hovering on Bernie Sanders tweet. You Canadians sure are enthralled with US healthcare
Not just us Canadians. People from around the world are fascinated by your approach to health care. It's mind boggling.
Eh, we're used to the world sneering up at us
It's amazing how many want to get here though, legally or otherwise
Why is that do you think?
I know Canadians that came to US for their surgery because of the over a year wait in Canada.
The Canadian health care system is widely misunderstood by Americans. Their loss.
We have a new patient for you!
Uhuuhacough. Bullshit. Low quality urgent care and unqualified doctors , don’t be stupid.
Lol bunch of lies
....everybody knows the benefits bernie .. turn the page or back to sleep ... but hey she's kool
#FeelTheBern #ThankYouBernie
Is this the same insurance you and the house and senate will use as well.
Butttttt it takes six months to get to see her.    And most other doctors there.
#truestories
If you like with the Canadian doctor says why don't you move to Canada then you could practice your socialism
And thank you @SenSanders for taking the time/energy to investigate single payor system for your people - even the ones that don't get it.
Some of these accusations are not worthy of response. I wish you had  healthcare. It's excellent. Socialism? We call it caring for all.
Awesome

How's Socialism Doing in Venezuela? https://youtu.be/CCIdm3cM6zQ  via @YouTube  @SenSanders
My family is Canadian. They die when they get heart issues or cancer because they aged out! No. Thank. You.
Bullshit! That is a complete lie. There is no such thing as "aging out" in Canada when it comes to health care. Stop spreading lies!

very good point made' thank you and keep up the good work sir.
And don't forget the ability to deal with pandemic outbreaks.

How beautiful, smart and strong she is!!! A great doctor and mother
It'll never happen. Money runs this country & most of us don't have any. The GOP doesn't give a crap about us. They never will.


Caring isn’t a uniquely Canadian concept. Republicans just don’t get it!
Give it a rest jeeeez
Yes
Of course she is in favor of it. She is getting paid for everyone she sees.
Hey Bernie, y'all cant even fix the VA, why do you think you can provide HC for 10x the people.
yes MY COUNTRY THAT I LOVE SO MUCH   ...THE GREATEST COUNTRY '
C  A   N   A   D  A
Isn't worth looking into?
As a person that has lived countries with national health care it can work and u can choose to also have private ins.
Why would you choose to pay for private Insurance?
So you can receive better healthcare?
It implies a right to a healthy life for everyone ...!
My friend had to go to Mexico for treatment because you refused. Your story was that he is to old for it. You health care sucks.
Countries already have systems the american government can follow so why the hoopla & 3 ring circus
Canadians come to America for Operations because the Canadians can not get booked at a proper time, serious illness Canadians die. Be Honest
Dr, will say anything that will benefit THEM, The Canadian HC makes Dr, lazy knowing that they will be paid no matter what without effort.
Keep on teaching this developing country USA what it is like, living in a modern and civilized country. Maybe the US will evolve.
It must be nice being a Canadian doctor, all the hard cases are transferred to the US
The best place for patients is usually the worst for physicians. Do you know why physicians are heading for the US from all over the world?
if it keeps getting unscientifically hotter in tucson, canada may be the best place to be. but if bernie wins next the world could be saved.
Move to Canada then, @SenSanders
So many reasons for single payer system.. The lobbyists and Republicans will destroy every chance because they hate fairness.
You socialist fool.If  Canadian single payer works so well, why do they come to US for major surgeries. Why not make Drs govt employees?
I would encourage everybody to look at the Universal coverage model UAE/ Abu Dhabi implemented few years back. Works beautifully in my view.
Then move to Canada, probably should do it before your wife goes to prison for fraud though
It used to be that employers lured good employees offering med insurance.   Nowadays, w/employment tenure on short fuse, what's your answer?
Bernie, your more than welcomed to move and take your base to Canada. Keep us posted how health care treats you in Canada
@JRubinBlogger needs to watch this informative video on Canadian #singlepayer #healthcare. Doing so should end her #jejune snakeoil #fantasy
Thats how it is in Germany too. This american Health System is the worse
@polibent as a two time cancer survivor, I have received world class healthcare in Canada. No worry of pre-existing conditions.
I was denied HC as a healthy 20 yr old woman because I had taken an antidepressant once. Couldn't buy HC. Not for any amount. It's nuts!
that is absolutely ridiculous.
it's a shameful system.
You have room for one more in your country? I’m seriously disgusted with United States of America.
Proud to be #Canadian 
Why not interview Venezuelan doctors?
Remember when Bernie praised Venezuela? Canada should be scared. The influx of illegal immigrants will sink the Canadian system.
Luckily we have economists here that understand how markets work.
Not as many as are laughing at the idiots that oppose universal healthcare.
Is she born and raised Canadian?  Just wondering.
We have free Heath care in Canada and it works! Bernie is right!
Americans have a constitutional right to bear arms but no constitutional right to health care when they become a victim.  Kinda screwed up!
I  Bernie!
I also supported Bernie.
I'm tired of people constantly acting like you are a criminal if your liberal. Yes I'm liberal and I'm proud. Yes I supported Hillary! 1/2
Did she mention $40 dollars for 2/4 & $5 for gas- health tax!TWO YEAR WAIT for knee/hip repacement? TWO -FOUR hours wait at Emergency Room!
Did she mention Doctors work under contract for the Government! I am sure the voters will go for this change? @foxandfriends
I was citizen or three different countries. Two of them hav single pair healthcare. 3, US does not. I can tell you US system system sucks.
The Canadian government decides who gets what care. People wait months. Washington is dysfunctional. I should trust you with my health?
The Canadian government doesn't decide on who gets care. You're listening to gop propaganda again.
If only the #GOP would listen.  Unless they are affected negatively with health issues they will never do what is best for all Americans
stop the lies
Yea she probably doesn't even believe in this herself. Not sure if healthcare works when it is rationed.
Bullshit! Our single payer system saved my life & didn't bankrupt my family. EVERY CANADIAN supports our system. It is triage, not ration.
Every Canadian supports it because if they don't it's hate speech. So your probably right
Wow. You are so far off the mark it is laughable. Every Canadian supports it because it benefits every Canadian. How do you not get this?
Bernie,this needs to be http://longer.You  know the criticisms people will reply with.Address them.Quality,waiting,etc
Save yourselves some trouble, go to Netflix and watch “emergency“.  It’s about ER’s in Canada.  You will quickly learn the negatives!!
Great promotion Bernie.
 Our Canadian health care system isn't perfect but it's a heck of a lot better than the HMO Lottery game!
Look at our wait times here @SenSanders, 46 weeks to see a neurosurgeon, you could die of a brain tumour by then.
@RitikaGoelTO@ddyson Way to go Ritika! Proud to have been your classmate @ WoodGreen’s Policy class. Congrats on the birth of your baby girl
Good at treating colds and minor fractures.  Beyond that, wait in line!
Old news, bsb!
The internet has laid bare the lies about Canadian healthcare. It's a broken system and no amount of CBC propaganda is going to fix it
Time to Defund Planed Parenthood they kill 1 million Baby’s a year and Democrats support..Not the NRA they don’t support killing of anyone
Way to go @RitikaGoelTO!
Don't model our nationalized plans on Canada OR UK~ why? Because we can and should do Better. Ask real people (patients) as US can rock this
Then why aren't you living there Bernie you should be bowing out the altar of socialism in Canada
This is great. Please make more like this! I lost health care along with a job a few years ago and it was overwhelming.
Constant ads on the radio in Toronto are for "Buffalo MRI" we drive 3 hours cross a border and pay 1000s to get it in a timely manner
That being said, your healthcare is so screwed up by the government and insurance single payer probably isn't so bad.
Health care should be for everyone not just the rich.
#FakeNews
I have 4 children: 2 U.S. born / 2 Canadian born.  Hands down, Canadian CARE and cost win the day...no contest, period
So, we off the gun control narrative already?
I suppose the govt narrative would fail when people discover he worked for govt. agencies and was in middle of selling guns to ISIS of Philipines
I lived with this Canadian system my whole life it's not all roses when you have to wait a year to see a specialist.
Wow, you're shilling all over this thread. Who's payroll are you on?
She is one of the few government employed doctors, 29,000 private Doctors here are suffering from over taxation.
What the hell are you talking about? I've yet to meet a single Can Dr in poverty. Get your facts straight.
Just have to wait 3 years for any kind of surgery. My Canadian friend come to the US to get medical treatment. Stop the lies
I'm a US health administrator, and if anyone thinks we don't have waits, they're misguided. It varies by zipcode.
also, it's easier to have shorter waiting lists if large chunks of the population don't have the insurance coverage to be on the list  

This.
Just a little extra.
Just like to share.... 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Healthcare_in_Denmark …
Denmark; the happiest, most content, feeling of well being citizens on earth. Keep it up Denmark! You sexy nation! #sorrybecauseimcanadian
Americans are cray not to have a publicly funded healthcare system. It will even improve the economy
tryna get that twitter profile up for employers to see? lol

I DO NOT WANT GOV'T MAKING DECISIONS ON MY OR MY FAMILIES H/C!

#CharlieGard
Just leave it to a profit based system of Insurance then that Literally bleeds you Dry then pulls the plug! #CharlieGard #NHS
Canada is nice and they seem to have a lot of things you like! Why not retire and move there?!
I am 100% on board
In Canada I can get Atenolol. But no semi-auto rifle. In USA I can get a semi-automatic rifle but not my Atenolol. Rifle vs Rx?
Yes!!! From a Canadian who’s had both cancer and heart surgery
Than why do Canadian big shot and politishions come to the USA for their medical treatment ?
When you take capitalism away socialism only gives you minimum required treatment
Bullshit! Triage; everyone gets care, worst cases first. Stop spreading lies.
Why aren't we modeling our system on a successful system like this one?
I love all these people commenting on this topic who I suspect English isn't their first lang, Russian maybe lol. Keep up good wrk Bernie!
I find the bots claiming to be Canadian, yet tweet only about American politics & happenings particularly amusing
Where's t/profit in that? No profit in people's suffering? No multimillionaire doctors? No insurance co's bankrupting families?
UNAMERICAN !
Love the sarcasm!
sarcasm ?
Oh, you're serious? Please tell me you're not.
Sometimes the truth is ugly, like @realDonaldTrump or a southerner touring Europe.
Go Senators !!!
(Breathing a sigh of relief). Yup. 
We need EK65 back in the lineup if the Sens are gonna start winning.
So what has changed since 1987 did Insurance go down that American can afford Medicaid for all
Hey Bernie you know that they don't cover cancer for cancer patients right that's all of their own pocket
Sounds good for Canada. You should move there Bernie. We don't want to be Canada here, we are the USA dimwit
Don’t believe any of these biased CDN physicians for Medicare. Thousands of CDN physicians going to US. See #Unfairtaxchanges
Canada/Trudeau massive 2017 tax on CDN physicians. Thousands of CDN physicians going to US. CDN physicians furious. See #Unfairtaxchanges
Canada has a lousy system with most MD’s vilified and begrudged by Canadians from Trudeau on down.
See #unfairtaxchanges MD’s furious angry


Trudeau confiscating 70% of MD’s $$ for their retirement in MD corporation. Thousands of MD’s want to move to US #unfairtaxchanges

Single payer health in Canada is to the likes of the stone age, beyond repair. U.S. health unique hold the tape.
Bullshit!
It's logical
Do you also want their closed borders?
And just why can't America have that?
2) and other crappy socialistic programs
#socialist Senator getting #praise from a socialist Dr. About Socialized medicine. Sounds like a preacher preaching to the choir
Bernie join us in this wonderful healthcare if u love it so much ???
Not to mention I pay over 50% of my income to income and consumer taxes in order for the crappy health care
It's easy for Canadian doctors. Just do what the government tells you to do. End of story
Yes Bernie!!!!..introduce your clueless folks on the other side of the border on the Canadian health care system..it's a no brainer
2) Otherwise it could take up to 16 weeks for a diagnosis
1)I go across the border to Buffalo, NY to get efficient medical care and happily pay.
Bernie,before you support something you know nothing about, you should talk to some actual Canadians
Why does one never address the down fall of having such a healthcare system?
is it the 8 week wait before I can see my family doctor? Or the 8 week wait for a MRI? I'm Canadian

This aint Canada, forget about it Bernie  you lost your candidacy Hillary made sure of that so stop pushing for Canada health insurance plan
Why? Don't you think your fellow citizens deserve what we have in Canada? Health care for all.
Affordable Healthcare I.e. Obamacare is way too expensive.  Needs some serious fixing!!!!
Then move to Canada Bernie. Stop screwing up our healthcare this isn't a socialist country.
This is what we want, but the "health care" monopolies have convinced those that need it the most fight against their own interest.
#ByeBernie. Your wife and you are both criminals
I had a total hip replacement in CANADA no bill no bill and TOTAL SATISFACTION.
Please make this a reality!! 
Canada where you live 10 years longer than Americans because of Universal health care.
Humans on average are living to their late 90s. It's not a Canada thing
I wish you could explain to American doctors about this
http://www.pnhp.org/facts/what-is-single-payer …
What are the benefits of the American healthcare system, I wonder. Could someone explain?
Go to Uk,see how that worked for that family,no say in their son’s care? Bernie NO THANK U
we r the land of the free. the american people love individual freedoms n liberties, LESS TAXES, LESS GOVT, free market, excellence, innovation, no to mandates, no to socialism, pls work for the people, for tax reform, growth, jobs, n prosperity for all of us. pls
A good doctor in Canada is an exception.  Long waits are normal.  Why do you think those who need immediate and expert care come to the U.S?
Conservatives are working hard in Manitoba to erode our right and access to healthcare. We must oppose and remain vigilant
Fight with all your might; As the Boss sang "No retreat baby, no surrender".
As a proud  I agree. My son has had 19 surgeries and countless hospital stays.
 Cost out of pocket? $0
We have get top notch healthcare
It's not a utopia here, but it's a good foundation upon which to build. I see us 2 floors up a 12-storey building.
Oh come now, 2 floors? Really, that's all? My view may be different from here, in Ottawa, a few blocks south of Parliament hill.
We can reach floor 6 when First Nations people have clean, heavy-metal-free drinking and bathing water.
Yes indeed. You are correct, I can now see your viewpoint. JT has promised to address this... we're waiting, patiently (no pun intended.)
Great job @RitikaGoelTO, sending support to your cause Sen. Sanders from here in the National Health Service of the UK.
Go @RitikaGoelTO!
How rich. Foreigners who don't use our healthcare system think they k ow more about it then we who use it. All because they watch Fox News
both my parents had cancer before I was 17, and because we live in Canada their treatment was free.
"Free"
