I know what it will do, it will kill off the poor, so the rich wont have to deal with us. I believe that's been their agenda this whole time
You a fan of @RealAlexJones ?
No not really why?
Your theory of the rich wanting us all dead is ripe in similarity to @RealAlexJones believing the globalist elite want us mostly dead
The GOP Healthcare Plan is going to kill people if the Republican Senate makes it a law. it will kick people off their insurance
Govt involvement in healthcare period is a mistake. The plan in the works has almost zero free market solutions
thats what the Republicans want you to believe. because they want to keep lining their pockets
There are plenty of democrats that have gotten very wealthy during their 'public service', Pelosi, Gore, Feinstein, Reid, the Clintons.---
Truth while Republican's are living good getting money and passing the laws
Democrats are doing terrible, they had over 30 million to sink into a special election in GA, and you want to give those ppl the ckbook
@ least Democrats want this country to win. While mean while back @ the ranch #trump is destroying everything
Democrats haven't wanted this country to win since JFK.
Well Republican's are doing a bad job and destroying this country plus it's homicide. And u got a  running this country down
Does it count as a rhyme if you use an emoji? I'm not a fan of govt interference with the economy. They suck at it.
Well this country will never be the same again  wreck
That's a train emoji, it looks a little bit like a daft punk helmet doesn't it?
I wonder how many American the 1.5 billion secretly given to Iran or giving illegal/refugees free care could get for Americans.
Such a good point, but the ppl that expect the govt to take care of them are quite singularly focused on...themselves
Absolutley.I'm tired of Paying for everybody and never go to the dr myself as 9K deductible thx to obama. But by golly nonCitizens get care
The govt shouldn't be involved w the most personal decisions, how we choose to love our lives and care for our own health.
I meant 'live' our lives
Thank you for speaking up to protect those with disabilities!!!
It's not the governments job to take care of you. Get a job
And what the hell is it good for then? Make war? Give enormous tax breaks to billionaires? Serving special interests like NRA or Pharma ind.
Nope it should not do any of that either
So @MrAlternateFact ...What exactly do you think a health plan should do? Only those are able have insurance? I'm confused by your replies.
I think we shoud have the Canadian plan now for everyone and if everyone can't be covered the no one should be covered
I'm an Air Force Vet so I have coverage for life but my wife none and we own a small business so she is screwed
And Bernie is still ignored by our corporate media. No surprise .
Until the COST of healthcare is addressed changing the way Americans are insured is meaningless. There will ALWAYS be someone who needs more
Thank you for fight #BernieWouldHaveWon #DisabledForBernie I depend on ACA We Love You Bernie 
What a plonker he is. Get your slippers on and sit by the fire, with real folk for a while. Stop looking at shiny objects. Retire.
maybe sell one of your three mansions to help for the bill?
aaawwwww. Does it hurt your fehwings that your socialist messiah is a bourgeoisie kleptocrat?
I don't care what he's worth or how many homes he has. The guy is 75 years old. Who cares? I know who he advocates for, unlike your pres
Your dear leader.
As with your pathological liar president, let's wait to see what is found out about Sanders. Let the chips fall where they may. Agree?
I know reading comprehension isn't a strong suit of Bernie supporters, but again... I didn't vote Trump.
But he happens to be OUR president.
The person who should be President
The US gov't is purposefully creating a third world condition so the 13 families can keep THEIR slaves working on that American dream
How are we going to pay our debt if we keep on spending money on Medicare/Medicaid? You're selling out the younger generation, bernie.
Because Medicare is deducted like social security. Totally different entities separate from payroll  taxes.
But the federal government pays for it. Which means we all pay for it plus interested
We would pay less than we are currently for healthcare. Universal Healthcare would save the avg American 2-4K per year.
It depends how it's done. But it also has to be constitutional. States can decide to do this if they want.
You must have a reasonably wealthy background and not have to worry about insurance
Or young and healthy and don't go to the doctor much
Well good for you. I hope you will not have to worry as you get older and your health begins to fail.
#ShadySanders lets chat about the FBI investigation about the $10M bank fraud.

Your a Fraud!!!
uh, slowing the growth is not cutting, its just not spending as much of our money as you would like you fraud
you should have said "800 BAZILLIAN dollars" --it sounds scarier.
Healthcare should be a Human Right
It's not. You have no right to another's labor, services, and expertise.
Rich people aren't paying their fair share

Teach that child that rich people pay 80% of all taxes, don't raise another bitter American, we've got plenty.
80% of all taxes on 99% of all the money...
That's not possible...Example: you have a few stocks - when they raise, you get to keep, ur personal stash grows. (except when you're taxed)
That's fine, but I don't see how that negates what I'm referring to, which is concentration of ownership amongst a hyper-wealthy elite.
There are a lot of very wealthy people- that doesn't axiomatically shut people out; in some countries what ur saying is true i.e. Venezuela
I still don't see how these very rich people are paying their fair share of taxes, re: their accumulated holdings and purchasing power
And what about the people that are on Medicaid that are not authorized?.  I know plenty. . Please have TX congressmen  call me.
Most of the people on the public Dole don't need to be there. They need to get a job and contribute to the economy
Please aid your wife she works as a barmaid , worst senator ever.
When the Republicans release the bill on Thursday, the rest of the Senate gets about a week before they have to vote. That's insanity.
Follow the pelosi rule...
Let's not. Lets actually have our representatives do their job for once.
There are lots of people abusing those programs.  Imagine a government that doesn't overspend frivovously?? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Universal healthcare,managed properly would keep check on abuse.There's always abuse n some programs.
I'm now on disability & nvr in a million yrs thought I wud. I have cancer, 3 times so far, and I'm a single mom. I've worked my whole life.
:(
Democrats made a massive mistake picking Hillary instead of Bernie.
USA is in a political crisis. They have no idea what they have done by electing a republican majority in both houses
Thank goodness Comrade Bernie sewered Hillary! 
'Never Her' saved everyone from that pesky healthcare.
Please, stop with the sensationalism.
It's not sensationalism. 23 million people potentially losing their healthcare isn't a big deal to you?
I dunno. What did the 600 billion cut by Obamacare do to them?
Well, millions GOT insurance win never had it before, so...What's your source & how is cutting more BETTER, genius?
I don't know about the other millions, but me and my family we were badly affected by Obamacare
Did you contact your @GOP obstructionists like @SpeakerRyan to ask them to fix #ACA ? And how does this new #AHCA help you exactly?
All leaders need to get to work and STOP hurting the majority!
And the majority needs to get out and vote
They did sweetheart. It's ok. Come join us at team trump. We win.
You know I voted for him...
We'll have people living on the streets in poverty, like a 3rd world country.  In AZ the average homeless age is 7---pitiful.
We already have people living on the streets but it will worsen.
Well , trump voters , what are you saying now. Hope you could handle the cost. Many people will know real suffering under trump.
Did you give a shit about all the middle class families getting soaked during Obama's 8 years. " if u like your dr you can keep it " right
Republicans know exactly what they are doing. This is the @GOP version of the 'Final Solution', targeting the poor, elderly & disabled! @CNN
Wow! Another empty and vapid comparison of your political opponents to the most hated ideology in the last 100 years. Demonization is ripe!
Take the money from all the corporate wellfair. Billions to oil companies, John Deer Comp., big banks, auto industry. Nothing 4 Citizens WTF
What about the 8 yrs Obama took nothing from GE, Microsoft, Google, and Apple. Should they still get a pass?
@realDonaldTrump,Watch this Donald & see what you are doing to your ppl. See what YOU Are doing to The American's most of whom Voted U in !
Tell us the next step Bernie
They felt the Bern!! #FeelTheBern How many houses and fancy cars you got now @SenSanders @BernieSanders
Not a cut, a decrease in the increases and you know it
I grew up in a singlepayer system so i know it works. Will it happen here? at this moment, i don't believe it will
How about parents get off their asses and go to work. Dems have made welfare a career opportunity
Please God , don't let this happen.!
Guess you should have spoke up on election theft during the primary and not backed the evil hillary, huh?
Yah that same 800 bil for this country instead of military would do wonders for the poor and healthcare
"God only knows"? Why is it so hard to state the obvious? It will kill them.
Or the much better answer of it is so obvious because there is no God and it will have a 100% kill rate.
You where right there for 700 billion bail out with Lehman's and all the rest...
In addn 2 ppl w/disabilities and children, all low-income ppl & families plus seniors not yet eligible for Medicare. Multi-millions of popn!
Nursing homes, At-home nursing, Doctors & Hospitals will all lose patients & the $ pts paid for services. Slippery slope of consequences!
Cutting $800B from Medicaid will affect everyone. Kids, elderly, disabled & their families will be in dire straits. Many will also lose jobs
As an occupational therapist who works with children with disabilities, these cuts will be CATASTROPHIC !!!
get it Bernie!!!!! We need more of you!!!
Kill us
So, I guess u shouldn't run around hypothesizing then? #PJNET
I see your point. Probably not the best caption, but the overall video is pretty compelling.
But Trump does make him and his cronies richer off the poor ppls backs
If they pass cutting Medicaid I plan to raise a loud revolt! Don't cut funding to my patients
Go Bernie!  Stand up for those who need to be taken care of and heard!
I thought you were against Relegion and Politics. Cut Medicaid and get those lazy fockers off the payroll.
Medicaid should only be state-funded. No Federal Funding! Then states can choose their own health plans! Bill should be deficit friendly!
The GOP loves to talk about how much money federal healthcare costs. They also love to throw money at an unnecessary war on cannabis
Seriously shorten their life span
That palsying thought, indeed, took entire possession of my soul. I could neither speak, think, nor dream of any thing else.
As a sped teacher who sees health needs kids with disabilities have and what stress their bills put on their families. Um a lot!
I WOULD DIE WITH ALL MY DISABILITIES IF HE DOES THIS
Thank you Bernie
Senator SHUT UP
You mean the lazy ass peoples milking the system? Who do nothing but sit on their ass and do drugs and make more babies?
Medicaid should help those in need, but too many sit on it b/s they can't afford normal insurance. Get lower rates
@wenpete God only knows what will happen to my granddaughter,special needs with multiple problems,she's not a throw away.
And money out of the pockets of politicians and the people funding your races
I will have to choose between pills and homelessness. Please stop them
Probably nothing. It would force them to trim the people that take advantage and make hospitals settle for lower cost of services.
I take great care of my disabled son, on a teacher's salary, no thanks handout king.
To paraphrase Goldfinger, "I expect them to die"
How about you add your money to help them you can afford a $600,000 house but you want everyone to pay for illegals health care
You had zero problem cutting Medicaire by 700 billion to help pay for Obama CARE ......SUCH A HYPOCRITE
It is a sad situation. Keep fighting. We as Americans need to keep fighting too.
Just like a lying Democrat (Sanders) to use scare tactics to people.  Democrats do not know what the term "truth" means.
Millions were fraudulently billed to Medicaid be concerned about that. Doctors get money for prescriptions paid by pharmaceuticals
Term limits for millionairs
A form of genocide.  How can we let this happen?
AND  U till supported Hillary.....does not add up your words vs. your action....SAD
God??? Which God you religous bigot
I know one thing it's going to do...kill me from lack of medicine
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP YOU PEOPLE HAVE NO HEART! JUST 2 SPITE OBAMA's ACA YOU ARE TAKING AWAY HEALTHCARE FROM MILLIONS! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU
Unconscionable 2 cut Medicaid by that much!ARE these AMERICANS cutting Americans who r n absolute need?Outrageously abusive!
god knows,...but not THE REPUBS
Maybe get the people OFF disability who don't belong there! Like those in their 20's playing basketball on full disability!
but I think we can imagine it and it will be devastating
Well, Obama did it to help fund Obamacare.
Which the CBO completely under costed, as usual.
Americans should demand a refund of those Medicare / Medicaid tax dollars and let non-profits set up HC plans single payer for all!
This is a scare tactic from the Bern...no disabled people will lose insurance...only the able bodied will work for it..no free lunch
It'll do them just fine. The people were in decent health prior to the overt control asserted by @HHSGov, Medicare, and #Obamacare
I'm disabled & I'm PISSED. Simply worrying about losing HC has compounded my health issues. This is an ASSAULT by Republicans 
If an administrator in a nursing home mistreated or withheld medical treatment they would be committing a crime. Rs r Criminal
@SenSanders I applaud your position. But if you don't become inclusive, multi-partisan I will never support you, for any office, ever again.
No, god has nothing to do with it. Critical thinking tells us we're fucked if they do. We know exactly what's gonna happen! #NoSugarCoating
Sir, they will be taken care of. But the folks who are able to work will have to pay their own way.  We need jobs for them!
Where is the outrage? or cries of "death panels"...this whole closed door monstrosity is giant death sentence for sick, disabled, or old ppl
Bernie, why are you so U.N. American?
Healthcare, education, nutrition are NOT social programs. These are not hand-outs. This is what a civilized society does for Humanity.
3 Republicans used shooting as a campaign ad. I am sorry but it sounds like a set up. just for this reason 3. how many shots were fired?
2 assuming this guy wants to shoot to kill, 1 person hit in the hip
I don't believe in the "sky daddy"
1 he had names in his pocket, but did not recognize who was on the field, so he asked some one
(A)The shooting at the ball field does not make sense. My understanding is this guy was in the area for 3 months planning this.
I worked  a minimum of 17 hrs a day 7 days per wk for ever, my body finally said no more. I earned my SSI and no one should be able to take
It's a fucking nightmare.  I am disgusted by OUR country!
It terrifies me for the sake of my children.
I have so had enough of McConnell-what is his problem with health care?? I hope he needs it soon.
While your ineptitude raises the burden on millions of families with one house or less, a burden you've never carried yourself.
I would probably be in a hell-hole nursing home, as I'm a quadriplegic. I live with family now, with home healthcare - a great life.
None of these fucking assholes care. They'd prefer the poor dead rather than voting. Unspoken plan.
@aplsmith5 I know what it will do to my dad. It will kill him.
Sadly, he will not be alone, Xanaria, but I'm sure that's no consolation to you; peace & love; God bless, Andy :-)
More $$$ to isLIErael & the endless war$ based on bu$h lie$
Please help us Bernie.
@RedwolfBC 

You think it's God that only knows?
The establishment that preposed it, knows full well the outcome!
Thanks for continuing to fight for us all!
it's a disgrace, a crime against humanity, SAD!
Bernie at it again; what he says doesn't have to be a fact or even make sense; it just garners him more attention; that's the Sad truth
You're team is losing co sign on the h.c bill and sit back
You misspelled diabetes.
This guy looks like an unmade bed
Too bad you are not the President.
Or the $50M that went to get a Dem seat in Georgia
you are right  !
Bernie's wife under FBI investigation for Bank Fraud while pals Warren lied almost entire adult life pretending to be Amer Indian
Typical Bernie tells part of story. Medicaid expanded as part of Obamacare. GOP prgrm reduces Medicaid but give block grants to States
#FUD #FAKENEWS
or the elderly in nursing homes
@SenateMajLdr @RandPaul It's cheaper for PWD to live independently than it is to force them into nursing homes. #ProtectMedicaid
You think everybody in this country is disabled
Bernie what about the 700 million cut from Medicare to help fund Obama care.  Don't be so dishonest.  The floks know when a Dem is lying.
You're huge part of the problem in Washington.

Vote out Sanders

So Thankful your NOT President.

Donald Trump is our President!!!
You tell them Mr. Bernard !
Horrible
Seems like we're going to find out...
A lot of people will die and become submereged in debt that the middle and lower class will pay for through taxes
We 20 trillion in debt and dems don't care!
The question is, what happens when Medicaid goest bankrupt?
Unless u can put a price tag on health & life of Americans, nothing justifies diminishing coverage/affordability/accessibility of Obamacare
I agree with you. The problem is people don't vote in congressional elections.
When I say God I mean Government, just to be clear.
Medicaid is getting too expensive to support, not sustainable. Socialism is like getting drunk on public money, making everyone poorer
Only damage.
Shut them down, take them to Court, it is unconstitutional
UNTILL YOU MAKE THE PPL REALIZE THAT "IF CIVILIZED,"We ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL THE PEOPLE.& hit them with FACTS.
Was my understanding, this would be a slower increase in the % per year. Negotiating Rx prices, new healthcare bill, proper tort reform a+.
Don't worry Bernie, they're still going to pay you very well.
#DemExitMeansDemExit
#DNCFraudLawsuit
So you are saying you don't know what would happen? Then why are you pretending the fucking sky will fall if it is cut?
Your People could probably afford to buy insurance if you paid them a livable wage
Perhaps people might have to ask churches for help, instead of getting government welfare. And we can talk about God.
medicaid doesn't buy my main meds
Military spending is crazy. Please work on the tax reform and military benefit. Allowances should be taxable income!
ACA is not perfect, but if this bill is passed with the facts presented in house version, we are doomed.
A bloody revolt
fear fear; no ideas, no leadership; only "resist"; asked a few folks in Burlington why the have "resist" on their cars?no clue! no brains
Being British and disabled, I feel deeply for the plight of my American cousins who rely on Medicaid.
Then those rich bastards will get to have that extra vacation! I mean come guys think of the poor rich people!!!
Let's wait and see maybe nothing, but thank you for not telling me they all will die
Fair play. Dems didn't ask the tax payers if they wanted to continue to pay for those who are in welfare.
Children are treated up to age 5 without insurance and after that it's called welfare
its a scam hun medicaid/medicare only wants gov money, those of us with it get no curing or preventative results.. drs only reschedule for $
This administration's actions has been heart breaking.
BERNIEEEEEE 
DNC and Obama had a chance to secure single payer and they didn't. Stop "sheepherding" for the DNC #FauxProgressive
You've admitted to not seeing the bill ... where are you getting that number from. Oh wait ... facts don't matter to democrats
Hey Bernie what about the 337000. children aborted by Planned Parenthood
