Yes!
Medicare A and B + a supplemental plan + prescription coverage is actually quite expensive. Why aren't prescriptions covered in your plan?
Bernie's plan covers prescriptions, hospital stays, mental health, dental, vision, repro health including abortions, etc - w/ no co-payments
Bernie believes in !  Wheres the $ coming from? Not right for people that work hard to be denied all of the $ they earned to pay for others
You'd be paying for yourself too, and you'd be paying less than you do now.
Actually no, I wouldn't be paying less. I served 20+years to earn medical coverage for life. Of course congress keeps trying to take it away
Thank you for your service. I'm glad that my taxes help pay for your medical coverage for life. I wish we could do the same for everyone.
There's only one #healthcare plan that the majority of Americans want.

#MedicareForAll 

End of story!
BS...you like it so much, move to Europe, or Canada. WE DON'T WANT IT.
Yeah, we want to pay more for less so insurance companies can make a fortune. It’s the American way.

Check out this video on YouTube:

http://youtu.be/1okS-KNYgmA .  What changed?
He literally explains right after that it's because of the pharmaceutical companies overcharging to gain a profit.
I how did businesses exist prior to 1987 without making a profit?  If expanding Medicare would bankrupt America in 87, how will it not now?
yeah if you and the Dem.s did not steel all the countries money and left it broke we would have the money for that
heslthcare is a right the most powerful countries have Universal Heathcare why can't we ?
Socialism doesn't work, you run out of other people's money...
I think this came from Margaret Thatcher.
Crazy Bernie!
Cost affective?? Look at how expensive healthcare has become due to gov guarantee of medical services & products for a segment of population
The overhead of having to deal with a fragmented system of insurances is too expensive.
Which is why we need to get rid of the state lines and encourage free market competition to give more choices, not less mandated choices.
No competition will drive up cost and produce monopolies. We see that already.
Please show examples of this in a free market system where government isn't subsidizing costs or dictating industry behavior.
You're correct that fed insurance up cost but that's bc we can't negotiate. And we should dictate behavior bc corporations can't be trusted
You negotiate by not giving ur biz to shitty companies. 

& u trust the gov to dictate the companies who put them in office & lobby them??
You trust greedy corporations 
Medicare denies claims at a higher % than any other insurance. It faces 36.8 trillion $ in unfunded liabilities & many doctors won't accept
I am on Medicare. All my claims are accepted with the best Doctors and hospitals. The 20% is hard for a person on disability check.
My 78 year old father may disagree. Is battling cancer and many claims are denied. Supplementary insurance is essential for him.
So, right there you can see, we need Medicare to be expanded for good. And thanks he has MC coverage could be worst for him without it.
Under Sanders plan it covers illegals & millions of others who aren't paying into the system. Drastically expand it, how's it paid for?
I am sure that TAXES will pay!  We will be paying for it! This is just another version of O'care being shoved down our throats
If Medicare gets expanded you will benefit for sure. OCare need to be fixed and improved with MC 4 All.
I have TriCare. Best Ins. Why would I think it's good to give it up for expanded Medicare?  Govt. does not belong in hc.
How are you going to pay for it?
For the record, I believe in Medicare for All. I legitimately want to know where the billions of dollars are going to come from
half a trillion goes to admin and ins co profits, all wasted $. If this were to pass, medi would start negotiating with pharma saving $B's
You call it wasted. I call it salaries.
For profit insurance is immoral.
Why would an insurance company take on the risk without a profit incentive?
why do you people have such hardons for Ins co's that deny care, cancel care if sick and cause more bankruptcies than any other industry?
They don't. They just have a hardon for destroying Obama.
Dear Sen Sanders: Please intro bill to end O-care exemptions for all Members of Congress! Otherwise you are disingenuous & can take a SEAT!
Reimbursement model is deeply entrenched. How do we move away from this? Same controls as Medicare today? New ones? Im w/ u but so many ?s
What about concierge? Can Drs just say I don't do Medicare and practice for only those that can pay? How to ensure quality care?

That proposal doesn't actually answer my questions. I am specifically concerned about a fee for service model that physicians have today.
BS you fruit loop. It's popular because it's forced. Once your are eligible there's no other choice
But that would be socialistic, Bernie. Socialism is not wanted here in the USA. It doesn't WORK. Spend time on your wife's trial. We're ok.
Apparently you don't actually know the many problems people have with Medicare. Difficult to find doctors who take it, etc.
It won't be hard to find a doctor who takes medicare if everyone has medicare. It's more than just a hatrack, @TheRealFixNow
It will be harder to find enough doctors. Many have indicated they would rather retire/leave their practice than work in single payer system
Also, there's no way many new doctors could ever repay the cost of their education under such a system. Do we then take over that?
Yes. Why should we punish people financially for having the audacity to become doctors? We should absolutely cover their education.
Don't call your bill Medicare, call it what it is "nationalized health care", and I'm sure you didn't write it, maybe coached a bit
Medicare is broke. Are you trying to bankrupt us?
Who's going to pay for it?
100%! committed to Medicare for all at 100%
And who's going to pay for that Bernie? Will we go the route of Canada where prices and taxes are out of the park? To pay for free HC?
Even if extra taxes would be needed to pay for it, it would still mean the average American would pay less if you factor in (1/2)
You're obviously not factoring in other taxes. Check out what Canada pays for gas and liquor, just for two examples.
I don't oppose #SinglePayer, but #GermanBismarckModel is Private, NONPROFIT insurance. With subsidies, it could lead to #UniversalCoverage.
Whatever gets us there, brother.
Precisely! I think keeping insurance private, with a #PublicOption as a pace car, and ample subsidies for poor is best hope for compromise.
100% correct, Bernie. As an RN w yrs of experience in hospital case mgmnt, I concur that Medicare is most effective. Also fair & simple.
Your plan to expand & improve, & to ease it in over the next few yrs to cover all Americans is brilliant strategy for all- providers & pts.
Lol. Yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and disagree with you there.  Your little bubble of a hospital may have taken Medicare, but most don't now.
Feel free to disagree if you'd like, but you're incorrect. The vast majority of hospitals DO accept Medicare. They'd be unwise not to.
Since the majority of Americans 65 and older have Medicare, hospitals would be silly not to accept.
Here's more:
Medicare DRGs have made it unprofitable for many hospitals and medical professionals to cover costs.
Tsk tsk. So NOT true. They might SAY that, but only because they want more. They were spoiled by the "good ole days". They're just greedy.
The DRGs were put together in 1982 assigning an agreed payment amount the govt would pay a medical provider.
In the election, you ensured Trump won by tearing down Hillary.

Now, you're ensuring the ACA dies by pretending single payer will save us.
And I voted for you in the primary, @SenSanders.

You have done nothing but defeat the Democratic base & policies under the guise of helping
Is success defined by the high number of primary care providers who won't accept Medicare????
If there's Medicare for all, doctors will fucking accept it or else they won't have much business. This works in lots of other countries!
Cursing does not make you or your argument compelling....
Just tired of people finding all sorts of problems with this system. It can work. And what's wrong with people having healthcare...
Nothing but don't expect me to work my ads off for it while they sit on the couch
There will always be people abusing the system, no matter what we come up. But nobody else should have to suffer for it.
Really this is all about control
Doctors & hospitals using Medicare must abide by a complex coding system. Is why doctors won't accept it. 195 different codes  for 1 artery.
That complex code system is in place for every dx with every healthcare insurer. Isn't just MCR. Competent coders and billers are required
Medicare is a whole different animal. 195 different codes for an artery suture. That's 1 reasons so many doctors won't accept it.
I'm a government medical coder and biller. I also bill commercial. I'm well aware of why claims don't get paid The blame isn't MCR
Australia has had universal healthcare since 1984! Hope you finally achieve this for Americans in 2017
They also hang their clothes on a clothesline because they have trouble affording the electricity for drying clothes and air conditioning.
With abundant sunshine why not & only need air con 2 mths a year
It was 97 degrees here today. My wife can't sleep. Freedom allows you to choose between healthcare, beer, iPhone, etc. I like freedom.
The kind of freedom I've experienced for 40yrs in 2 European countries entails both tax funded healthcare and  the ability to buy goods
I just left Europe. Even their prized places like the Louvre don't have the AC we have in our homes in the US. Free markets feed families.
Maybe freezing pieces of art is not what museums are meant for. Not it does good to those pieces of art.
I mentioned luxuries but freedom allows money to develop life imptoving/saving innovations. Taking earnings kills incentive as does handouts
You know the calendar ticked over to 2017 and the campain is finished, right Bernie? Just checking. Heh.
But 2018 and 2020 are looming
#Trump2020 #Ivanka2024. 1st woman Pres will be great. #MAGA
HA! Trump won't be running in 2020. That presumes he doesn't get impeached. Keep walkin' clown shoes.
You need to break a law to be impeached SNOWFLAKE
My favourite bit about Mein Drumpf supporters is how quickly they call others snowflake when THEIR GUY is the Complainer-In-Chief.
Another #Snowflake melting. Careful people.
Maybe for OLD PEOPLE! You seem to have no knowledge of what younger people need---MEDICAID!
MEDICARE is for old people getting ready to DIE. MEDICAID is for people who are trying to LIVE! GOP won't expand under #ACA - they deny it!
I'm not giving up what I have struggled and fought for. You are a one man fraud who tried this against Clinton who put forth UNIVERSAL IN 93
#ACA NEEDS TO BE SAVED FROM GOP! And that INCLUDES the "ESTABLISHMENT" Planned Parenthood! Will "your bill" fund them?
What are you doing? Dividing the left? We need something to get behind and the Revolution is going with universal health.
Lol I thought your revolution was about statues, or bathrooms or something
The Revolution is an actual thing, not a rhetorical thing I just made up.
Medicare is not the answer! Low income people would not be able to afford it!
Now is the time with a Republican House, Senate, and President. This is legislative masturbation.
And you can keep your doctor because it's better than regular unsubsizied health insurance.... People didn't appreciate the BS promises of
The ACA so at least be honest about peopne losing even more doctor options since you can't force people to be doctors when you create a
That pays lip service to the time and effort required to become a doctor, surgeon or any other medical professional
Adult Stem Cells !
Bernie, Bernie, Bernie #socialism has been an #EpicFail everywhere #Venezuela 
Go home sleep is one your #payforplay homes&stop the nonsense
Come to Sweden or Denmark! Two of the happiest countries in the world, and we are socialists, free Medicare for all and I'm loving it
Now what Bernie ? Canada doctor bust you
Medicare does not pay your medical bills and when you needs test done it will not pay so the poor suffers. Fix Medicare first.
Want to see how good the govt is at running healthcare, look at the VA. If that's the care you want then just go to a back alley.
You're driving the country into disaster.Already have $20 TRILLION debt. Now you want us to pay for crappy coverage.
Would you like me to show you where you can put your Medicare
@senSanders please be vocal, challenge the media to prove why it can't work. Sick of hearing this will never work.
If I didn't have to worry about employer provided medical care for my family I would quit my Monday.
That's a lot of garbage.  As a nurse, I know how Medicare works and I don't want it.  I'll work and pay for my own healthcare insurance.
Does that include you?
If you wait for perfection to make changes, you never will. This would be a great step forward.
? It is? Then why do they place a cap on certain medical services?
All complete falsehoods

1st we have to defeat #CassidyGraham #ACA repeal bill so millions won't lose #healthcare while fighting for this. #HealthcareForAll
Your job is to do another Bank job with your wife! Crooked, looney Bernie
From  and we pay a lot less for drugs.A small part of our G D P
Are you CRAZY?? Politicians are always saying that Medicare & Social Security are collapsing and will not be available even for Gen X
More delusion. I pity all who have been misled with such ignorance.
Worst plan ever!
You are a crazy old man. Listen to the experts which you are not. Is Soros paying you too?
If Medicare was so great, there would be no such thing as a Medicare supplement.  Do you even have any idea what you are even talking about?
Big Gov always expands and takes more money and freedom. All the while telling you how they are going to improve your life. Venezuela.
Medicare funds are NOT all being used as they should be. It needs cleaning up, like everything else.
Bernie, you have been officially promoted to Dem Head Loon.. what do you not understand about being $20+  in debt??
You've gone from insane to lying. Both Medicare and SS have been underfunded for decades and the margin between in vs out is widening.
Not so fast!  We had ACA was supposed to save all that MC money, it added!  Full repeal now!
You are nutty as he!!
@SenToomey @SenBobCasey Yes!  People shouldn't be stuck at a job because of ins.  This would be an engine of small business creation.
Bernie, is this a joke? Medicare is no where near cost effective. I've never heard of a senior who praises the costs of Medicare
Free everything Bernie.. new cell phones for everyone..
If everyone is healthy, who's buying all the big pharma?
Bernie, you rocked it today on Meet The Press. Handing @chucktodd his arse.
By the way in the 987 clip he played you talked about "MedicAID"
You think there is a difference between Medicare and Medicaid LOL they are both taxpayer funded. One is means tested and the other age SMH
Fewer doctors every year accept Medicare.  It pays bad doctors the same as good doctors. Why would I want that?
And people on Medicare still need to carry supplemental commercial health insurance.
Really what planet are you from?
Senator your in a socialist fantasy world. Medicare waste 60 billion a year. Why don't you stick with your wife and keep defrauding Univ.
