90% of the platform is progressive.
Jen, what hasn't been productive is corporate Democrats losing over 1000 seats nationwide, most governorships & presidency. #justicedems
You're fighting based on false narratives + things that are easy scapegoats.
Lol now I see what others were saying about your logic
Yeah cause that's worked in every country. NOT. Lol come on dude, we know you are living the high life while preaching bs progressive values
That's odd. It seems to work wonderfully in Norway, Netherlands, Iceland, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, etc.
Those countries are very capitalistic. You don't know much do you?
Of course they are! That's why they're in the link. That's the Nordic Model that Sanders would like us to emulate. You didn't know that?
I even agree with Sanders some, but overall his message is garbage. Full of buzzwords that only an uninformed person would be excited about.
Gee… thanks.
Lol just messing with you man. I'm always open to other opinions, just Twitter is way to fun 
Liberals, progressives, and centrists are ALL losing against rt wing dark money since 2010, mass propaganda, voter suppression & corruption
ideological purity doesn't address dark money, voter suppression, tax avoidance & rt wing propaganda. This is like Shia/Sunni NOT rich/poor
Bernie Sanders supports restoring the Voting Rights Act.
and you need a wide coalition to make it a reality as I'm sure you understand
The problem here is you fail to see the fact that seeing as the majority of the Democratic party hasn't already jumped on board for a
coalition to bring back the Voting Rights Act means they're for voter suppression.
Now is the time for a bold progressive agenda that represents the interests of all Americans. — @SenSanders http://www.desmoinesregister.com/story/opinion/columnists/2017/07/11/bernie-sanders-now-time-bold-action/468023001/ …
How about just white Americans...
.نكت
remember that time you said we shouldn't rush to judgment when Don Jr. released an e-mail discussing an intent to collude with Russia

weird!
We shouldn't be too quick to react until we're sure that this Email saying Russia supports Trump actually says Russia supports Trump
I don't know about you but I'd prefer to not have hostilities with a nuclear armed country. You know, so we don't all die.
Incorrect.  Your agenda makes the country weaker and insures devastation of the middle & lower classes.  Venezuela - how'd that work?
YOUR TAX RETURNS BERNIE

BS!
Change for the sake of change is pointless. Sometimes things are better left unchanged...
And then subsequently pay your daughter 500,000$ for teaching a freaking arts and crafts class?
That's the amount his daughter's school was paid for a program over 4 years.
So that makes it better?
Yes.  Salaries are usually described per year and that number doesn't include costs.
Ohhh. I get it. Just make it ok because it's Bernie.
Lol nope it's stop electing officials full of lip service but fail to do
With you @SenSanders
BERNIE. HE IS THE ONLY COMMON SENSE WE HAVE LEFT IN THE USA!

You know that DNC won't allow it.
https://www.prohibitionparty.org/ 
Bold agenda ideas... 1) impeach ignoramus POTUS. 2) call special election.  BERNIE 4 PRES!
How can Jeff sessions be state attorney General when he has ties to the Russian investigation 
@floy
You can start by getting a new DNC chairman.
Socialism is hundreds of years old and has failed every time.  There's nothing #progressive about it.

#regressiveLeft
You lost the race and the election but still want to have your socialist agenda implemented. You don't get it? Fool someone sometimes. Not
You did and you lost.
https://berniesanders.com/issues/  Is Where Bernie's Stances Are Presented!
Will you get conjegal visits?
Bernie, We need a bold progressive foreign policy now. We won't make significant domestic progress until the US Empire is quelled.
How Mr Sanders? You r the one who didn't want to speak up against own party, even though they were staving you in the back! That was t time!
Im with you Bernie
Agree or disagree?

This planet will only know peace when it doesn't know what billionaires are.
FDR was great, but you could be the Lincoln of our time, Bernie#LetsWhigtheDems #PeopleFundedParty #BernieNina2020 #NeverDNC
#DraftBernie
We've been waiting to hear you say that, BernieA bold new #PeopleFundedPartyNow #DraftBernie #Demexit 
#MedicareForAll #BernieNina2020
We need an Economic Bill of Rights for the 21st centruy. We have a piece on it forthcoming in American Prospect this fall.
Please distance yourself from the corrupt Dems. You should be POTUS. They cheated you and continue to kick you. Wake up!!!

We need a .@SenSanders .@RBReich ticket in 2020 .#WednesdayWisdom .@TheDemocrats .@Deblits1969 .@DraftBernie .#StillBernie #Believe
Negative. Progressive policy has hurt the country, and perverted society.
A bold, progressive agenda is also needed in US foreign policy. You have disappointed there.
Hey Bern, actual progress requires tough, grinding trench work which I know is not your thing. Talk to some real Dems like @repjohnlewis
Bernie Sanders getting it going and getting it started.

The Rolling Stones - Start Me Up - Official Promo:

Then you must give up on saving the Dems from themselves. They refuse to change.
And to admit that the Primaries were rigged as the DNC themselves admitted.
Progressive my ass you would exalt the government to have the power of God to judge when a life should end&continue.I question your humanity
Right now I'm So tired of being ashamed of my country. Sad. Will it ever get better? I sincerely wish you were our president.
Everyone should read this, common sense is so hard to find, "Bring it Bernie!"
People must die!what will they do with huge money!??? there are a lot of people who need a little help
Tell us what it is so we can look at it.
You are saying this in July '17, when you had the goldenest of opportunities in July '16.....
Yes,  Bernie. How about you bring out an agenda and be productive. I am sure the American know a good agenda when this one. Be bold.
Time to start that People's Party.
It already exists. It resides with the @GreenPartyUS if anyone is interested.
How right you are!
Bernie Sanders is really the last best hope for our Republic and our Democracy.
And get rid of criminal democrats !
You should have been doing this anyway.
Bernie....your idea of a bold agenda consists of a welfare state where citizens are controlled be gov. thru financial support.
Let me guess you have just such an agenda dont ya? You old fox you. It wouldn't be anything like Venezuela's agenda would it?
Like maybe reducing govt, cut spending, end crony capitalism, give people control of their lives and property
And we MUST be unified in our actions. Otherwise the other side will continue with gerrymandering, voter suppression, control of Congress.
you mean non progressive
too bad you didn't take that bold action at the Democratic National Convention...
"The only way". Closed minded. Ideological. Not interested in fixing anything unless it's "progressive". No other way can work. BOO Bernie!
By bold action, do you mean you and the wife are leaving the country before she gets convicted???  That might be the 1st smart thing you do!
That's why all the progressive run cities, states & countries are bankrupt (Chicago, CA, Greece...) They ran out of other people's money.
Progressivism is nothing more than Social Engineering and Social Control
Add Globalism to that formula and you have an enslaved planet.
Millions of us are aware of what you and your George Soros worshiping puppets are trying to do. You will fail.
Yes, but not a socialist agenda.
Why did you drop out of the race that we all know you would have won? I mean if you really cared
bullshit ! that is the absolute wrong choice - quit spending r children into tyranny with ur drunken sailor spending ways
Like bank fraud?  You are a nut.
How about an aggressive agenda on his wife
No bern, the country doesn't want your socialist bullshit. NOTHING IS FREE.
And DUMP the Democrats
Bernie no one wants to hear your liberal b's.
What about the revolution,Bernie?
I just wonder how long it's going to take before the TRUE AMERICANS in the GOP bail out of Trump's sinking ship and get to work.  IT'S TIME.
The only way to...destroy...a country is to put forward a bold progressive agenda.  FIFY
guy get on the train quit obstructing you and the Dems are a disgrace !!! You will loose 10 fold America has had it hippie !! Go to work!
We need to put the new deal back in effect.  The last 70 years has been regression and worse.
Do you live in a world remotely attached to reality? Bold action? I'd merely like a government not acting as a proxy for Russians.
Let's worry about bold action after the bleeding has stopped.
You can't win. The American people will never let it happen. We value our Freedom.
Do you ever try to balance a budget or do you just proposed to borrow to spend $ we don't have. Get real for a change.
Sen. Sanders:  Please stop dividing the Democratic Party.  I as a Dem. am offended.  You sir, are not a Democrat.  Leave party alone!
Socialism and communism have failed!
Progressive agenda will destroy the industrial base in the U.S. (or in any country). Progressive aganda is to increase government handouts.
Moderately progressive would get the win.
After FDR term limits were put on POTUS. Progressive movement went under ground for decades. If @POTUS  succeeds it will happen again!
The only way to confront serious issues is to remove government intrusion into our lives.
So are you cooperating with the FBI or are you acting like Hillary and obstructing every step of the way. #BankFraudBernie
The only person who can put forward the bold progressive agenda is -U. Do not expect it to come from GOP. Take the the bull by the horns
I voted for you & for Trump bc I'd never vote 4 Hillary. I would've voted for u over Trump. Sorry your party cheated u. #BernieWouldHaveWon
All bernie does is talk talk talk NO ACTION
By which you mean a socilalist agenda. 
The only thing that saved FDR and the economy was not his programs but WWII.
Yea get rid of trump before it's to late
Your agenda to close colleges, steal, refuse Christians,evict seniors, support Muslim overthrow, support sharia law no thanks
And go bankrupt.
Right on. Think out of the box.
Your 'progressive' ahem Socialist agenda was rejected, first when you sold out to Hillary and 2nd when she lost. Retire.
Why does it have to be labeled progressive? Ur verbiage = fear from on the fence folks needed to be successful. SMH!
"Progressive"= give me your money which I have no right to so I can give it to others ...no thanks
Sure you old red commie
We need to bring communism to America
Unless, of course, if that same bold progressive agenda is responsible for creating the serious challenges.
The United States, Social Security, Medicare are fiscally insolvent. Drastically increasing spending only accelerates the process.
"...these forces...so united against one candidate...They are unanimous in their hate for me--and I welcome their hatred." FDR
#BankFraudBernie Maybe from Federal Prison
Request for an Investigation Into Apparent Bank Fraud: http://bit.ly/2ttTB7b 
The govt is the problem; it's not the solution. There is nothing noble about using govt force to control the lives of other ppl. Nothing.
Socialism has not and will not ever be for this country.
You are really fucking everything up
This is what @SenSanders wants for America
Bernie, I love ya, but there's never "only one way".
I thought your agenda was just too criticize the GOP. Didn't know you had any ideas of your own
Bernie for President
No...
I think you should not focus on abstract ideas but the real threats. Your country is going to be isolated - caused by ignorance
the bold progressive agenda has caused nothing but problems over the last 8 years; time to remove career progressive politicians
A vibrant & bold, yet realistic, VISION is needed to give people hope & sense that the country can move in a better direction.
Exactly
Socialist go to ur 3 homes.
Progressivism..... where everything becomes a "right" funded by hardworking tax payers.
What bout the free cell phones bro?
Like bank fraud!
Exactly!  So glad to see you coming around to President @realDonaldTrump bold and aggressive healthcare, tax, infrastructure & immigration!
KISS OFF,  YOU COMMUNISTS!!!
All the serious challenges have been CAUSED by previous, "bold progressive agendas," especially by that awful tyrant, FDR.
Yes, it is! Timing is perfect for Medicare For All bill! Coincides with march on the Capitol on July 24! http://www.millionsmarchingformedicare.org 
Ahhh can you please run again... please please please!
Bernie,@SenSanders when are you or congress - senate going to revoke Jarad Kushner's security clearance?
I remem @BarackObama s tweets yrs ago wanting 2 do that w/ infra. Of course Congress wouldn't pass anything. We need 2 win it all back.
The time for bold action was before HRC stole the election from you.
Maybe, if you can avoid all of the progressive baggage (BLM, ANTIFA, etc.)
Damn right Bernie.. u r the BEST!!!!
Democrats would rather be "republican light". They just can't accept the death of neoliberalism. Besides, identity politics is too much fun.
Maybe, just maybe we should step back, look at what brought us here Bern/free this and free that/ promises that can't be kept!
#RepealTelecommunicationsAct
#OverturnCitizensUnited
WTG @DMRegister Now THIS is the story we want!
Yes, Universal Health Care and free College for all USA citizens! Wake up USA!
Such as Bank Fraud 
Thanks for the afternoon chuckle.
"A bold progressive agenda" with committed people who can put their heart and soul in a missionary spirit.Only agenda with unscruplous men.!
Bigly!!!
FDR detested communism, which is ur game.  He backed regs & infrastructure programs 2 keep our capitalistic system alive & avoid communism.
Bull.  That agenda won't get 2 feet.  But then ur head has always been in the clouds, with only ur ego on the ground.  Don't cite FDR.....
If we do that,  the next guy will just undo it. We need to get back to reason. Govern from closer to the middle, extreme views are personal
We can't govern that way. All the people need to be represented and that means working together and compromising. I am a liberal.
that's one way. I used to agree with progressive solutions. I have since realized that they aren't the best way to address problems
In fact they don't address causes of problems, it's more or less use coercive power of gov to address symptoms of problems.
Not really an approach that follows the principles of the founding fathers. Libertarian views to me offer the best hope
Another slogan, America has had enough of bold "obstructionism". @realDonaldTrump please re-triple your effort to re-build this country!
Not a progressive agenda, an agenda not to reelection incumbent politicians. Americans could solve many of the country's problems within 6y

Progressive isn't taking a left,  it's going forward.
You already have. That's why you got stomped in the election last year. Rational people aren't buying it
The response to every problem needs to be, is there a way to solve this with more freedom, rather than less?
Yes, yes and yes!
Like Venezuela
The challenges we face are the progressive agenda
'What happened to our single payer?
Stop conspiring to steal from people Bernie Madoff! Oh wait no Sanders... same thing, both rob people and justify it bc they're rich.
If govt was so small where they could barely do anything, rich people wouldn't bribe govt... because govt would have no power 
Retire. Your next bold action
We are waiting we been waiting on you for a while to do it
Dont u have someone to rip off? Hows that fraud case going?

You & Obama's crappy progressive agenda has got this country turned upside down. More debt, welfare & more divided.
Just not a socialist agenda. You need to study Mise's Economics
Without you. Go defend ur wife. USA needs better ppl than u. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp.
BERNIE, SHUT UP AND GO AWAY OLD MAN!!!
#DNC Declared,Officially,in Public Court,that they DON'T have ANY Obligation2 VOTING Constiuents. NO say in who represents them.
#DNCLawsuit
If you mean, Socialism, NOT INTERESTED. You berate corporate America. That's fine. But 54% of the economy is supported by small businesses!
The only way to confront the serious challenges we face as a country is to end career Politicians. TERM LIMITS 
