We will not let billionaires die, then leave money tax-free to their heirs. It's not right. Inheritance tax for billionaires should be high!
They already paid tax on their income. What's not right about it?
because permanent dynastic wealth is antithetical to a meritocratic democracy and bad for society
We are a REPUBLIC
So you do not support making the US more democratic? Should we roll back the democratization reforms that have been made the last 200 years?
As a start, we should completely "roll back" Ocare if that is one of your "Democrat reforms"
LOL. I'm talking about women's suffrage, direct election of senators, & many more. We have historically moved towards democracy, not away.
All done within the framework of our Constitution and our republic
We need to do something. When will the impeachment proceedings start?

Well. It needs to be done for our country's sake.
That's your basis for impeachment?
No. He won't help Puerto Rico  , he is incompetent, and he says things that are disqualifying. That's why.
He just waived the jones act to get aid to Puerto rico. Where do you get your info?
Only after he was embarrassed .
He did this prior to your post. You entire basis is emotional dude. Give me one thing he did that gives ground for impeachment under the AoI
so what is wrong with money left behind not being taxed. it was already taxed at the point of being earned
It's not their money. It's their parents. They were never taxed and they didn't earn the money. Now they get a handout for being rich? LoL!
why the money parents earn do their kids owe a debt to the government ??
Rich parents. Not poor or middle class. Get that straight.
im middle class .. im not rich .. one day maybe ill get there .. at that point the money i earn it should go to who i leave it to not govt
Youre of course middle class & the odds are totally against you EVER being rich. But you sure love to worship them thinking you may be them.
stacked against me? that sounds like a defeatist attitude. not how i roll
Whether you like it or not, the deck is firmly stacked against you. You dont care though because you worship those folks like they work hard
What gives the government the right to take money that I earned and paid taxes on.  You want to take the money from my kids and give it away
No it not go read bill and stop listening to the lies and deception just go read it he is flat out lieing and decevieing you (WAKEUP PEOPLE)
5,340,000 for estates of persons dying in 2014 and 2015,$5,450,000 (effectively $10.90 million per married couple) for estates of in 2016.
Because of these exemptions, only the largest 0.2% of estates in the U.S. will pay the tax.[6] this tax cut ONLY benefits the wealthy
No it does not mercy stop watching so much CNN and MSN try news hour are cspan you will learn the truth just try it u will be surprised
do you support estate taxes to non millionaires who own another home...unlike yourself a millionaire who owns more then one home.
Duh
Can someone explain why removing the estate tax wouldn't be good for all? You shouldn't get taxed on inheritance IMO. That's double taxing
Because almost no one pays it, ya dingus.
ok if no one pays it why wouldn't we just remove it then?
Almost no one, dingus. Those 80 or so rich fucks who pay the estate tax pay a lot of soldiers' salaries
You keep calling me a dingus for trying to understand. At least I'm not willfully ignorant, you seem like the type that is.
You just asked why getting rid of a tax that .2% of people pay wouldn't help us all. That makes you a dingus my dude
And, if you inherited $5,450,001, you would only pay 40% on that one extra dollar. It's 40% on everything above $5,450,000 that you inherit
Use your ties to get impeachment rolling. We can only do so much when our representatives are corrupt and won't listen.
Impeachment for what?  Getting elected?
Are you serious? How much you getting paid to troll for Trump?
How generous of them 
It's their money. Not yours
It is interesting that we can only make tax cuts that benefit the wealthy and undercut the middle class. Great priorities. #widenthegap
The new tax plan would also benefit middle and lower class Americans.
What about small farmers? What about small businesses that want to pass on their hard work to their kids. Your reasoning is flawed!
There is a 5.5 million exception. 11 million if you're married. Do small farmers/business have 11 million?
Let’s be clear. The estate tax is double taxation and needs to be banned no matter who benefits. Work for your own money  and food stamps.
Am I mistaken in understanding that an estate tax violates the double-taxation promise we have in the Constitution? #NOTSupportingTrumpATALL
No it isn't double taxation. As the kids never paid any taxes on money that wasn't theirs. When it changes hands it should be taxed.
So this should apply to every1, right? If you inherit, you should also be taxed, if this is a fair tax. I'm not wealthy but I don't get this
No, as non-rich people don't benefit the most from the system in place. The rich do and they don't deserve handouts.
"Deserve" is a dangerous word to me. When an in-group claims to know what an out-group deserves, the chances of objectivity are very low.
Holy hyperbole Batman! Rich people don't deserve handouts. Handouts go to the needy. Not the wealthy. As they have more than enough.
But the "handout" in this case is equal treatment. Michael Jordan's wealth is a handout the government "deserves" a cut of when he dies?
If Michael Jordan is handing out his money to his kids, then yes it should be taxed. The kids didn't earn that money. Michael did.
And that would stimulate the economy, that would benefit everyone. Why is an extra tax after you die a good thing Bernie?
What is Wrong with you Bernie? Did they not teach you math in H/S? You realize most middle/ lower income people don't itemize so all do win!
Are you kidding? Do we have to keep fighting for everything including keep a roof over our head. #middleclass #homelessness
So? It's their money. You think you can spend it better than them?
They don't spend it at all. That's part of the problem. The economy doesn't grow just because they have money in the bank.
Okay Keys. Glossing over how that's not true, let me know how government stimulus is more efficient than private equity.
Um, money flowing into the economy via consumers,  i.e. a well paid labor force, does more to stimulate the economy than tax breaks for rich
Who pays wages, companies or the government? Who limits average take home pay by 20% or more, companies or government?
Companies, by far. You think the $144B that the Waltons are worth came from paying their employees a fair wage? Could you live on $7.50ph?
End of the day, no one has any right to enforce people to tell people what to do with their own money, from the 1% to the 99%
Uhh ya they would. The STANDARD deduction is doubled.
The doubled Standard Deduction is much larger than the personal exemption unless you have a very large family. In order to eliminate that...
No you dont. You aren't even close. And you left out the most important variable which is income. You have no idea what you're talking about
The $500 you keep mentioning has nothing to do with your children, that's a flat credit per other dependents, the other tax credit is not
#Bankfraudbernie what’s up. When r you moving to Venezuela where you socialists belong.
Can't absolutely believe he I still President of the  USA!  Where is the justice??????
I'm not well versed in estate and tax law but I'm interested in what your thoughts are about an exception to the estate tax for farmers?
it seems I've read about many struggling farms burdened by estate taxes when passed on to family and often forced to sell their land.
True, but if the $ was taxed already why should it be taxed again?
.... Creating a permanent moneyed class. Like royalty. Like feudalism.
So what you're saying is people arent entitled to what they built? How do you think these people got rich in the first place?
People are. Not their kids. Taxing estates incentivises heirs to be productive too, not just find ways to hide dad's $ from IRS forever.
So why does the government deserve it then?
In fact the 99.8 don’t benefit from eliminating the Estate Tax. That’s just half the story.   The billions lost to America from billionaires is made whole from taxing the 99.8.    Oh, there is NO ESTATE TAX at all if the estate is left to the spouse.    None, no tax whatsoever.
More Bernie Lies The wealthy can put lots of wealth in trusts to pass on money. Estate tax is double taxation and should be done away with
Sales tax is double taxation
Good point.
Is it fair that corporations are not subject to the estate tax?
Most millionaires & billionaires find ways to beat it.
ok Bernie, so would you suggest only tax cuts that don't benefit millionaires and billionaires?
Yes. They are under-taxed already.
lol, right
Historically they are. Tax burden on the top 1% is much lower than it was in the "good old days" of the 50's and 60's.
have you looked at the tax brackets lately?
Yes. Have you looked at them in comparison to what they were 40, 50, 60 years ago?
you really think someone should be taxed higher than 39.6%?
At a marginal rate, on extremely high income? Absolutely yes. Look at this historical table for some perspective https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Income_tax_in_the_United_States#History_of_top_rates …
Let's focus on making sure they pay an appropriate amount of tax on $ while they're alive rather than taxing it again when they die, IMO
listen nutball stop, just stop. the farmers of the country are hurting because of this. and i would love to be one of the 1% someday
and in the USA i could be if i work hard and people like you don't stand in my way. just look at bill gates or Steve jobs they rose up.
How many farmers are gifting over $5.5 million to their kids when they die?

Or do you have no idea what you’re talking about?
The value of these family farms is in the land and equipment. Not cash as you seem to think.
this is what i have been trying to say. land value alone can put them over the top
Could I get stats on how many single farmers have land worth over $5million, or are we just going to continue to speculate without facts?
I don’t know. Can you get the stats?
You 2 are the ones claiming this. I'm assuming you're not just pulling out these ideas out of your ass and have some REASON to believe it.
Hey Bernie who ya leaving your three homes too?
Man you are so fucking hard left you don't know what is right any more
Thanks for the understatement Bernie, go back to your bowl of soup.
Let's be perfectly clear do away with the IRS do a flat sales tax then we won't be having these arguments
It's the "bully-entourage" mentality. These Trump-thumpers think bc they're with the bully, that they'll reap the benefits. Not anyday Satan
It's not them "receiving" anything.... They just wouldn't be taxed AGAIN in the same money they've already been taxed >40% on in the first place
Hey!  How's your nonprofit foundation going?
or anyone who inherits their parents house, you ridiculous liar
That's not true you are lying.  That money has already been taxed once!  It does not give you the right to tax it again! You socialist!
So tax return amounts depend on the death tax? Since Hillary bought you off you’ve become VERY NUTTY!!!
If you had released your tax returns, I might be able to take you seriously.  And no, a couple of pages from one year doesn't count.
Yeah, but then they take that Money and piss all over us, making us smell like WE had Money. Don't you know anything? #TrickleDownEconomics
Well that's what we get for appointing R. Kelly as the Treasury Secretary.
It would save me up to $200 dollars per paycheck. I know you millionaires don't know what it's like to scrape by, but every $ helps. #MAGA
Respectfully, I know plenty about scraping by. Welfare/food stamps as a kid, long-time waitress/small biz owner. Trump is a millionaire tho.
My father and his father worked hard to build what they have. Why should the family pay a tax 
This is a lie. Explain yourself!
Estate tax only applies after $5.25Million. Only 0.2% of people leave more than that.
Sure, tax them when they’re alive. (Your argument is void)
It's a transfer tax, not a death tax.  
The money I pay for sales tax, property tax, gasoline tax, etc. have all been subject to income tax.
It it was their money to begin with...
It's not their money. It was their parent's money. They took possession and money changing hands should be taxed. Period.
Even though it was already taxed? You're ok with giving less to your children? Less of your hard earned money?
I don't have $5+ MILLION to give to my kids. So they won't get taxed at all. Estate tax only applies to rich people. Not normal folks. Sry.
And there it is... the name calling... well done! Clearly a child
I answer stupid rhetoric from people who either don't understand or don't care they are spreading lies with reality.
And for a moment I thought you had $$ to pass along to your children. My bad. I'll discuss with those that have wealth to  pass along.
Not many folks have $5 million bucks laying around. I doubt you do either lol. So you'll be searching a while for your echo chamber.
So let's keep the double tax on Americans! How about we focus on what it does for all, not just how it affects one group.
Double tax. Hmm, my salary is taxed. Should I still pay sales tax? Since I've been taxed already?
I would argue that is also unjust, especially given that it took an Amendment (16) to create. Consumption tax like sales is much better.
Sales taxes disproportionately impact the poorest in society. But I sense you wouldn't see that as a problem
In terms of $ to income at a surface level glance that argument makes sense. (1/2)
This isn't about who gets a tax cut in one year!
It's about creating a Hereditary Oligarchy leading to a new landed American Aristocracy.
/1
Let's be Clear indeed.
Wake up, Sanders. Your 1982 tired talking points are NOT insightful about what the GOP intends today.
/2
If you want to be an old fogey, then grab revolutionary war memes, because America was created by peoples escaping Aristocracies.
/3
Destroying the estate tax is 100% about the corporatist state creating a class of American maharajas owning nearly all our assets.
It has no similarity to debates about tweaking marginal tax rates.
This is the END of our REPUBLIC 
right now
if we let it pass.
Citizens United was the death knell of our Republic.
Destroying the inheritance tax is the killing blow.
.@SenWarren .@paulkrugman
and there's the bullshit...ending an inheritance tax is NOT the death of america...
You want to live in an aristocracy?
Then leave America and go find it.
You go Bernie.. Thanks for being honest and upfront. You need to be our next President. Your a team player
as if he will live long enough to be our next president lol
You never know. Trump could died tomorrow you or I could get could kill walking across the street. God is the only one who knows.God bless!
at that point there is a long list of who is next .. biden being first up .. then paul ryan . trump dies we dont elect new
I love Biden. Don't like Paul Ryan he's shady. If Trump left office. pence would be President and Paul Ryan would become the Vice no
Totally named the wrong voice
That's if something happens during this term. No special election.
you mean the people who hire other people? Those people?
*tour guide voice*
And in THIS exhibit, we have people that still believe trickle down economics work.
btw Bernie paid less in taxes than Trump in the "damaging" 06 release. So clearly he should be the voice of reason here.
Untrue again
And just why is this untrue.
It hurts small business owners who file taxes through a sub chapter S Corp all the income goes through personal tax return but once
To get hit with the Estate tax, you need to inherit in excess of 5.5 million (11 if you're married). Is 11 million in assets small?
It can be if you count land holdings
Inheritance tax is 1 thing I don't agree with u on Bernie! That money has already been taxed endlessly! Has to be a end to taxation
Should ppl that GET $ gifted to them for not doing any work be taxed? Or not? Plz explain, thanks.
This is false. Total propaganda. U can disagree about policy but don't lie to people. Shameful.
Why is it false?
Well, logic. The beneficiaries of estates are usually many family diff members.
There is an 5.5 million exemption (11 if you're married). And that's per family member in an inheritance.

Is 11 million a small business?
The beneficiaries are the family members, and the private sector more broadly
What point are you making?
It's not only "millionaires & billionaires" who benefit, or 0.02% of people. That's absurd
A very small percentage of families have in excess of $5 million in assets to pass on. And who pass away. Its a tiny percentage of richest
Immigrated to us in December 2016, and couldn’t find job and so I have not any Insurance!!!!
Did you have any where you immigrated from ?
I was working as a research assistant in Malaysia, coming here because I heard usa is land of opportunity and Dream land.
Oh is it not ??  Are u disappointed ??
Well Bernie as a guy with three homes you should be tickled pink with that news.
Yeah. Except he's not, because he's not a selfish asshole, weird huh? He's actually willing to pay his taxes. Go away now.
Bernie paid a tax rate about half of what Trump paid.  Don't you hate it when facts get in the way of your bs narrative??
Bernie is jealous! ' It Screws up All My Arrangements)! ' ..Sanders (Sali)
And you don't know what you're talking about Bernie Sanders .
Yep he will save over a billion personally!
Same happening in India too! http://Ppl.like  vijay Malya get 12 crores reprieve while farmers getting a few paisas!
WELL , IN TODAY'S  NEW AMERICA  THIS IS GOING TO BE STANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURE.  THE HAVES & THE HAVE NOTS!!!! AIN'T AMERICA GREAT, AGAIN!
So u would, cause ur a millionaire.
Bernie, why are you always concerned about some body else"s money? It is their money not government's money or your money.
Fantastic
Even worse than most not seeing a nickle. Potential capital gains tax increase on the middle class depending on how tax basis is treated.
#FAKENEWS
Trump needs to recuse himself.
Good. They should keep all their property or spend it before they go. If they want to donate tons of cash to the 'common good' it's on them
Lets be clear: You also didn't release your taxes so we have no idea what you paid Bernie Sanders.
Funny how they want to repeal it when a rich guy is going to die. Then after it’s back on...

Almost 50% of American pay no Federal Income tax.
You're such a Communist Bernie!  Redistribute YOUR personal wealth!!  Tell us!  How do you get rich being a politician?
Lol because it wasn't their money in the first place. 99.8% don't pay that tax...so why should they get it refunded.. You make zero sense.
Explain why when my great aunt died her daughter's got around 60% of the 50k estate value in New Jersey
Lets be clear.  Estate Tax is taking money from people who worked hard to earn it, and give to people who didn't. More BS from B.S.
Oh yeah?  That's a lot of BS from BS!
Let's be clear. You are LYING to the American people old man. Go away
The purpose of the estate tax is to keep a new aristocracy from developing in the US, like it did in Europe.
Whenever the right talk about cutting taxes it's all about millionaires hating to part with their money not for benefitting the many
Hasn't this money been taxed already?Taking money from the dead.
Lucky you!
I am not rich but if my kid inherits my properties she has to pay! Not cool!
Lol. #BankFraudBernie you’re funny.  Go retire
To all the double tax people, if you give your child more then 17k it's taxed again. The deceased were taxed taxed...
Ugh :(
Estate tax applies if u inherited right? Most of us do
Trump is ensuring when he finally goes his estate will pay NOTHING!  It's always about what is good for him...not the American people!
Is the 99.8% backed up by real data or is it just your guess?
Let's be clear you're a compulsive liar.please resign ,stop ripping off the American taxpayers.
I have no problem w/ that for ACTUAL family (non-BigAg) farms where a barn and some equip =$1M easy. But for most $1% they need to pay more!
You are lying again Bernie what is wrong with you you and the missus steal the school funds then you get mad at the President
Bernie.... I'm a huge democrat! . But i am completely for repealing the estate tax. ..  let the inheritors keep what's handed down. ...
Farmers and family businesses are harmed by the current #EstateTax.  We shouldn't repeal the estate tax, we should raise the threshold to $100 million.  The super wealthy 0.5% use loopholes to avoid a lot of estate tax, so the ppl currently harmed are family biz, farmers, et al.
Let's be clear they earned it and paid taxes on it. #PhonySocialist #LiberalHack
Shut up you commie bastard. I want my money for me not you and your programs.
Let's be clear: 99.99999% of Americans would not support violence against protesters.  Senator Sanders, you MUST disavow Antifa!
Always been the wet dream fantasy of the extreme wealthy, yes the ones that fund the GOP.
still criticizing - what have you done?
This is for the rich.for trump and his friend's.not that he has any

Why do you hate America, Sen. Sanders? Because 0bama does?
Yet he whines about the "spoiled millionaire athletes". Spoiled millionaire sound familiar don?
Fight for us pls we are praying
Why you keep lieing and decevieing the people just tell the truth this bill will benefit middle class and create jobs that's what matters
It would help keep small family farms in the family and not force to sell them to bigger corporate farms or land developers.
You want the government to take half of someone's fortune after they die. How idiotic. You're all about control over the people
Keep making shit up.
Did you miss the part where it bankrupts companies?
Tweets by bernie! Woooo ! Did your mom name you bernie because she was thinking about aborting you but decided name him bernie instead
Well, then you would benefit, wouldn't you @SenSanders ??? #Genius
That's patently false! Married people will save under this plan
So what...
Seems like a lot of work for a nickel.
Farmers who toil in the soil can’t die in peace w/ death tax, or Sm bus - But corpses should be buried penniless in comrade land- Heartless
You helped elect Donald Trump. You were one of his key assets against the Democrats.
So true! We have to rally again to stand against any bills being passed that is not for all Americans
People need to wake up.
Of course!   I didn't know that, although it figures, and I bet many more didn't either. Thank you..
Sir, you are always attacking and spreading FEAR. When will it stop?When will Trump do something that is OK? Am just tired of this.#STOPIT
Trump claims, with a straight face, that he does not benefit from his tax plan. He and his familly would benefit from estate tax repeal.
... do 99.8% of Americans not have parents ?
The estate tax is only placed on net worth s greater than 5 million dollars or more if I remember correctly
To my knowledge there's like 10 brackets of base tax amount + increasing percentage based on amount left to you for any amount
Maybe you get it back through exemptions at the end of the year? Or maybe I just misunderstood how it works
This is different than property tax. Estate tax is for inheritance of estates. And it caps at 40%, even for billionaires.
I know it isn't the same as property tax, I just didn't know the full details of it
Totally fair. Didn't mean to condescend.
Dude I know you didn't I just wanted to make it known I'm not like, that dumb 
Call it redistribution of wealth. That is what it is.
Call it breaking down the caste system America was founded to get away from.  That's what redistribution of wealth is.
T hats a LIEEEE
It's unfair to tax an estate that paid taxes on the money before it went into it Bern. Interest earned on the estate? Sure, that's fine.
Trump's family would
You should have won
Have you started to pay your fair share since you moved tax brackets? Oh wait no you haven't. Because you take breaks in loopholes >_>
The unified credit already exceeds $5million for an individual. Why the hell would we need to increase that!?!? Maddening!!!!
We need you @SenSanders
Trump is not going to do squat without Congress.

So they get to keep wealth that belongs to them and this is a bad thing? When did we normalize theft?
Ok. Good. No sense in IRS reaching into the coffin.
Not unless you want to do anything to break down the impenetrable caste system and create some actual opportunity for merit, anyway.
1/ Estate tax system gives huge tax savings to middle class b/c of basis step up for inherited assets, even if not subject to estate tax.
You're stupid Bernie. You failed tax law? Econ 101?
Do you think that Trump will admit that?
As someone who actually pays income tax, I would prefer you leave millionaires and billionaires alone to will their estates as they see fit.
Bull
We r clear u r useless and shut up
Correction: no one would be "receiving" anything. The government would no longer be ripping off dead people.
What is wrong with getting 100% of your family's Legasey beanie wants 55% MR PRESIDENT TRUMP WANTS YOU TO KEEP IT ALL
True, Bernie!
So what your saying most of congress and the Senate would receive the nickels?
wtf???????
Let's be more clear. Bernie knows nothing.
Damn, that means the majority of his supporters would lose money.

Somebody get Bernie a dictionary so he can look up the word "receive." It doesn't mean not having your own money taken away.
Do you think those folks will live through their deaths? Estate taxes hurt middle and lower class far more than rich folks like Bernie.
  How, Barbara?  How?
@ShaunKing SHUT UP BERNIE, U R the problem, not the answer! U aren't even a DEMOCRAT!!!!
Then you will make out like a bandit. #fraud
Get a job at CNN Bernie
So you work hard all your life & your kids get taxed for your success when you die. Let's be clear you LIE! Your stats not even close.
I love how you ignore how the new tax plan would benefit families greatly, and focus on the big bad millionaires.
FYI have of the people in this country don't pay any income tax.
@BrendaL03778178 Let these poor people that voted for him get that they're use to getting big tax breaks Wow
So do the people here supporting the death tax want to see it applied to all post death transfers? Per your logic it should, right?
Hey Bernie why do you lie so much? #ShadySanders how's the wifes fraud investigation going? Is your new car running tip top?
PLEASE RETIRE!!
Imagine all that money being spent on infrastructure jobs or health care #PigsAtTheTrough
Not Surprised.
Not everyone can scheme their way to the  top like you
Keep money they earn for their families?!? Criminals 
Including you, your kids, and your grandkids, Mr Billionaire.
To be clear about that tax is that the death or does. It compose of so other kinds of many other cuts into their business?
It's their money..
Ppl please understand what the estate tax is, a single person can leave 5.49 million & NO tax! That's fed not state, states vary
You lie. You know millionaires like you and billionaires avoid all estate tax with trusts.  You know this only hurts the small guy!
No it’s not.  Repealing the estate tax is “Welfare for Rich Kids” (Warren Buffett), who DIDN’T earn the money.
No one believes you anymore.
Check out 'One Percent Is Feeling Lonely'
Again trump and this dillutional administration
I don't believe the middle-class can't see that trickle-down economics destroyed us. Corporations took our jobs, pensions and healthcare.
Please keep on educating U.S.... PERSIST & RESIST!!!! 
🕆Let me be clear...on EVERY  $1, $5, $10, $20, $50, $100 AND A $1000 
(did I miss anyone )on the back IN GOD WE TRUST THAT'S ALL WE CAN DO
Not a good battle to fight.  Estate tax is dumb.  People are suffering enough from their loss. The only thing I support in this plan.
Estate tax doesn't help anyone but people like trump.
The Socialist trying to grab dead peoples money.. Because he thinks it belongs to the government.
We would if you hadn't already stole it the government would get 55% of your family Legasey bernie 55% you get 45%
did anyone really expect a narcissist con-man to be honest? No this is the GOP(Greed Over People) keeping the status-quo for themselves
Hey Bernie Let's be clear! Estate tax is tax on inheritance no matter who gets the inheritance rich or poor! Estate tax should be repealed!
You do realize:

1. Poor people don't have money to leave their children

2. Estate tax only applies to .2% of Americans, richest if he rich
1. Not relevant, I struggle financially because of health problems also not relevant!

2. Success should not be punished, fair is fair
Liar
Who cares; though some small business ppl and farmers might disagree with u.  How does taking their money help me?  Answer; it doesn't.
So he's hooking you up?!
