Morally obscene is their parents spending money on lifestyle instead of taking care of the children they made and expecting someone else to.
Single payer would be cheaper for everybody. The 'free-market' has made American drugs & healthcare the most expensive in the world.
And the most effective.  Greed and competition have done wonders for our healthcare system.  We train the worlds doctors.
The US ranks last in health and mortality when compared with 17 other developed nations. Yet pay more per capita than any of them.
We also are overweight, smoke and drink to much, and have a poor diet.
Exacerbated by a junk & fast food lobby pushing against food & marketing regulations.
You can't regulate health or common sense.  Some people just choose to do things that aren't good for them so why should we pay for them.
If marketing companies can turn healthy Americans into junk food gorging gullible customers, then the process can be reversed.
To force someone to be financially responsible for someone else is immoral.
Irony... Not if that person is sick/near dead. In that case not assisting them would be immoral. What would you have us do? Let them die?
Yes! Free market! My Jesus-loving friend keeps telling me we should let sick people die because "personal responsibility".
SoundsEXACTLYlike what Jesus taught?how can Right get things SoTwisted? PersonalResponsibilty ImpBut HC is a right-weWill get it right inEnd
Healthcare is not a right because it involves the labor of another person.  You would effectively be enslaving doctors and those paying.
What do you consider human rights?
Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
How do you define the right of life?
Donate your vacation home.
He doesn't have one of those.
Really?
He has his home, a small place in DC for when he's working at Congress, and a home he inherited. He didn't buy a vacation home.
He owns them, correct?
Yes. But none are a vacation home
Really?  http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/bernie-sanders-just-bought-a-third-home.-tell-that-to-the-99-percent./article/2598973 …
Pretty sure that's the one he inherited.
Conservatives in Canada went in the same direction. Massive corporate tax cuts, while our health care system was in need of $$$
During Harper I'm guessing.
Yes. Under Harper Conservatives kept trumpeting their "tax cuts". However it was corporations that got the huge tax cuts.
That's not what's happening. ACA is state bailout 4 Baby Boomer platinum private Medicare Advantage + increased Medicaid fund 50% to 100%
Medicaid expand from 133%to138%.FPL ACA set employer rules for number & hrs of employees for HC mandate. Cut hrs qualify 4 Medicaid, no fine
58million Medicare (65+) 18%ofUS, 75million Medicaid (poor or disable) 24%ofUS, 22million govt 7%ofUS, 40-50% of US Workers already obsolete
What's morally obscene are your congressional benefits. How about you give them up.
#ICantBelieveThat illness, injury, childbirth & End of Life - are considered appropriate events for Extraction of Super-Profits in U$A/#USA!
This is why Universal Health Care is affordable.
Those salaries don't even total one billion... In 2014 it was $3.8 Trillion... You are CLEARLY misinformed, and it's sad you think that way.
13 followers?  Are they paid?
Personal attacks? Typical behavior of a child.
I was just stating your comment is outlandish. A hundred million dollars does not justify "universal healthcare". Socialism is EVIL
You should know first hand. With teachers unions. No 401(k) only 403(b) with limited investment options, but at least you don't get fired.
Additionally, teachers would get paid MORE if free market took place. Schools would have to compete to hire the best teachers (compensation)
$378b in 2017 & $524b in 2027. U call that 50% cut. Progressive math? If your position only makes sense by being deceitful,maybe u should...
... change your position. Try #FreeMarket. You can use real math to defend it.
It is mean and a sin
More lies, new plan expands funding for medicaid, read the bill liar, shut up and retire #SellOutSanders
Social murder.
Have you even considered that the cuts are going toward those who abuse the system?
give some of your millions back Bernie or at least the money the little Mrs ripped off
It certainly is.
Has always been 50% of current. Medicaid is State program w/ 50/50 Fed match funds. ACA made 100% Fed funds, reduce to 95% 2017, 90%by 2020
Yep on the backs of Us that has to work our fingers to the Bone so the Wealthy gets More Free Pass's Again! Please Save us Poor Folks
Than'ts not socialism, that's communism, which isn't what @sensanders is advocating.
Being a single mom b/c your husband left you or you were abused by a violent drunk isn't a life style choice
BS BERNIE. ILLEGALS NOT ENTITLED. THEY CAN GO BACK HOME.
Your descendants from? They come here illegally years ago I'm sure just like everyone else!
That's a boatload of stupid right there, true Americans  came legally & went through the process the right way and w/out any gov handouts
Really? We all came from somewhere and I'm sure if you dug into your past you would find your ancestors came right off
The boat like everyone else! It seems to me that being American here= racism!
You have spent so much effort on misrepresentation and fear mongering that noone hears you anymore, Bernie.  #lovemypresident
Like buying a $600k 3rd home and expecting others to believe you care about the poor?
He had his home, a small place in DC for work, and one he inherited from his family.
So he didn't buy a lake house for $600k as a 3rd residence? Seems like he could have bought a lot of healthcare for the poor for that
No, he has his primary residence, a small place in DC for work, and a third house he inherited from family.
North Hero, Vt. on lake Champlain. Even snopes confirms it. $589k.
And do you have 3 homes? 'Cause most people don't.
No, but I don't work hundreds of miles from where I live, and my parents are still alive, so no inheritance yet.
Too bad tax cuts do none of those things, and the wealthy people's tax dollars aren't the improvised people's to keep.
Our taxes should be for everyone's benefit.
There should be no taxes.
So you don't want highways, public schools, etc?
Free market can create all those things and do it better.
When has that ever worked without completely excluding the poor?
During the early 20th century when the tax rates were sub %10
That's...not the free market. Congrats, you have proven you are not arguing in good faith.
YOU are obscene for spreading lies.  NO ONE is thrown off plans, unlike under ObamaCare. Reduce rate of Medicaid growth. Get people working.
Get people working? They are working and still not getting coverage because their jobs don't offer full time or don't have to offer medical
Perhaps Kerry hasn't heard about @Walmart policies re:  insuring it's retail employees?
Perhaps you haven't heard that not everyone works at @Walmart. If you don't like their policies don't work there.
This is criminal neglect of the people the gop pretends to represent
Why can't we all have the same insurance, why r politicians health more important than evry 1 elses? Equality 4all ppl
Sen TYVM 4 time n time again getting on here to educate and explain good n bad of Repub bills 2all who willI am g8tful
This from a guy who is wealthy, cleared 1.5 million on a senators pay, and owns 3 houses(thanks Hillary)
No. It's just rolling back your socialist tax hikes.
Taking half of a person's hard earned money is morally obscene.
We can all thank Ronald Reagan and justice Powell for getting here this fast.
Don't care what graph you show...you are corrupt, a liar and your wife is headed to prison. 3 houses, all to yourself, not bad for socialist
I agree. So is complaining about greed when you own multiple VACATION homes.
BERNARD... STOP THE BULLSHIT. TELL THE TRUTH AND YOU'LL BE FREE. AMEN
Sen. @BernieSanders , these days, moral obscenity seems to be the republicans' theater of the soul.
Only great leader's healthcare is important. Look at Syria, healthcare for the One Person, and it's still great for me
We spent years abolishing this mistake- tax break. The gov't can ill afford it. This is funding that is better spent on public services.
There are no cuts. Another word game. They just lowered the rate of increase over the years. It grew faster then most pay raises in jobs!
meanwhile, Insurance companies are profiting:
Ahahhow can you fight this immoral obscenity being in the democratic party who created the situation?Leave and build the working class party
Why don't you show a graph for those same years on Medicare spending... going up up up
You are the wealthy?
That graph seems oddly linear. Are you sure this was not taken from an example in a 6th grade pre algebra textbook?
What about fraudently getting a loan??  That hurts all of us
Tell the republicans!!!
Your EXTREME comments about the new health care bill is also obscene.  Obama care has how many people uninsured?@realDonaldTrump
Politicians in the uk really need to respond to this.
You enabled this
Then we have to get rid of this government and start over!
by #Election2018 the change will be noticeable and the #republicans will be OUT. Then the articles of Impeach will proceed.
I guess there's plenty of room under the bus for those of us who are not in the legislature - they exempted themselves from any changes.
Bernie, can you prove the chart you have drafted is fact, or is this a guess?
@Sen.Sanders Shall we all postpone throwing ourselves under the bus?
Or get sicker by worries frm the sinister GOP's have up dirty sleeves?
Absolute LIE!
It is, Bernie. So are the Democrats.
That's the @GOP for ya..
You have the audacity to take people's personal property and give it to people whom it doesn't belong to. And then lecture us about morals?
blah blah blah...how many houses do you have again on a senator's salary?  Ever held a real job?  Met a payroll?  yeah... didn't think so.
#trump budget is abusive and insane
Yes, it is 
What a bunch of garbage. HRC handed the Oval Office to Trump and no one else, of course she did have the help of a corrupt press.

Need you now more than ever.
It's part of making America "great" again.
If only there were some way to get companies to repatriate profits & hire ppl thereby providing all those newly working ppl with insurance.
It's terrible. Pls help us w/a new party to serve citizens only---not corps---so we can do MedicareForAll. More:
Wow. They want to kill Mid C and poor
Trump doesn't give a crap about the little man. Sad.
This concept that Medicaid is only an "entitlement" abused by minorities is so old. Time to get all the @GOP dinosaurs out of Congress.
As part of working class poor they cant have it both ways They cut pay from 25hr to 13hr We cant pay for insurance that we once could afford
That's fake info.
Totally.
When there are tax cuts waiting for rich people, who has time for morals
You're LYING to Americans Bernie
There needs to be education of the public on what social srvs are&who qualifies give http://examples.Show  how to look past thier own nose
Ppl blindly think these srvs are for careless folks. It can happen to u! Nvr thght in 30s worked 20 yrs straight would need it but did!
Naturally totally false.

Real figures here:
We all know it's better to just keep adding to the 20 Trillion debt we already have...I mean...let the next gen deal with it..right?
@CNN / please keep up your fantastic work. Intelligent and fair media is irreplaceable!,
PLEASE STOPTHE EMPTY TALK. Your one of them .
Thank you Senator Sanders. You are one of the few legislators who see true justice as in the heart  not according to legal docs for rich
Republicans: Killing kids to make the 1% richer. Well done!
Time to retire Bernie!
You mean like off a cliff?
@DNC maybe it's time to start talking about using the proposed tax cuts be funneled to debt reduction instead? #NationalDebt
So was the ACA because it was next to useless and more doctors are not taking medicaid every month
This hurts my heart 
get your hand out of my pocket
.@SenSanders Not as Obscene as Israel bombing Palestinian children, the sick, & the vulnerable in Gaza.
You know that's a free market out there to take care of this, or you want to keep the prices abnormally high?
You can't love nobody talking about repeal and replace later. Who the hell you think you fooling. Other races don't want to be around you.
Trumpsters agreed with repeal and replace later and then ask other races to get along with them.
No sane person want to go along with you.
That's the truth. Trumpsters agreed with repeal and replace later.
And will say they care. Forked Tounge Wicked Murderous Nature Of Haters
Trump said repeal it and replace it later and Trumpsters applauded. 
If that isn't agreeing for people to suffer and die without healthcare
Trumpsters will allow their own family, friends, & church members suffer & die with no healthcare than live with Obamacare. It's true We c u
These Trumpsters hiding behind Trump like he is God. Being emboldened to discrimimate in defense of Trump. The world see an hear your hate.
Trumpsters will attack Bernie without proving he is wrong & think people don't see they don't know what they're  talking about. Is it hate ?
How come is it Trumpsters don't mind? 
R they morally bankrupted? 
Are they so blind they don't realize they don't care when sayin they do?
in case you missed it Bernie the fraud and his wife are under investigation
You need to stop you've already had Republican senators shot with your rhetoric!!
Like you and your felony wife
It's fitting our beogeois president is over in France celebrating Bastille Day. Next election is our Bastille Day
Israel's occupation of Palestine is not morally obscene?
And per the norm for our government. Is anybody really surprised?
what ever puts $ into the Repub pockets=great. All that costs $ is expendable..including lives..
you are wealthy
Committing bank fraud resulting in a 2 million dollar loss for a church and the bankruptcy of a College is pretty morally bankrupt, Bernsy.
https://books.pronoun.com/the-wolf 
I'm vulnerable.  But #99cents from several people can help secure my future.
You mean a tax break for yourself.
Blah, blah, blah. Get a new schtick.
Why don't they take money out offensive military budget to pay for tax cuts?

#NeverDJTHRC Recall Cut #AFDC [Aid to Families w/Dependent Children Fed Assist 1935-1996 part of SocialSecurity Act] http://cnn.it/2otWJgp 
#NeverDJTHRC #SinglePayerNow!—Underinsured in Age of Obamacare http://bit.ly/2paNH9J  #ACA Does Not make healthcare a Right! or Universal
#NeverDJTHRC #SinglePayerNow! UnitedHealthCare [Used by AARP] disadvantages Medicare Advantage http://bit.ly/2tHoG4Y  Accommodates Profits
Ugh. Alarmist.
#NeverDJTHRC #SinglePayer UnitedHealthCare disadvantages Medicare Advantage http://bit.ly/2tHoG4Y  Accommodate/enhance ForProfit insurance
You could always use your millions to fill the gap you think you see.  Leave the rest of us alone.
which incorrect cbo number are you peddling this time?

Well, I am so tired of my insurance premiums quadrupling to cover their behinds. We are a democratic republic, not socialist, sir.
Obumercare was a massive tax increase on the middle class!! Obumercare has bankrupt or hurt millions of people!!
The more money the government grabs in taxation the fewer businesses & the fewer well-paid employees.  It's a continuous circle of stupid.
That's the Republican Party for you. So shameful.

Many of those who fell for the conman #LiarInChief will suffer the most. @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #Collusion #treason
I think we need to start punching Republican voters in the tooth. They're just a bunch of ignorant a-holes. There I said it. Don't do it tho
I think hard working families paying triple for hc after Obamacare was passed is morally obscene
why are you complaining to us when you were elected to fix these things and all you do is blame others for Dems mess in the 1st place.
What's really morally obscene is that only 0.04% of Medicaid money is spent on mental health services, while 46% for insurance company fees.
You are morally obscene #bankfraudbernie
Marxist liberals are morally obscene
CALLED 911 HIJACKERS TERRORIST THEY KILLED  ALMOST  3,000 AMERICANS #REPUBLICANS HEALTHCARE BILL WILL KILL TENS OF THOUSANDS OF AMERICANS
So is making a university go bankrupt, thanks to your crooked wife
Maybe your old lady could swing some kind of scam to pay for it?
What tax cuts?
Nice hyperbolic lies.
With liberty and justice and less healthcare for all.
Then morally pay for their health care not healyh insurance and stop forcing us to do it. Yes we can do it voluntarily, do not force us
A massive tax increase to force those who don't want insurance or "essentials" insurance to pander to the poor - pretty reprehensible
Every single republican is going to Hell. The same Hell they say everyone else is going to for not giving 20% of their pay to the church.
So is bank fraud
The only way to fix healthcare is to stop US med. & pharma. price gouging.  No one will ever afford healthcare in US without regulation.
How does it feel to keep on losing to "morally obscene"?
What is morally obscene is your lies to citizens as a public official.
I want all of my brother and sister Americans to have access to healthcare. Why is everyone so unpatriotic about taking care of each other?
Yeah, like we can really trust a guy who threw the primary for a $650k beach house.
But watch you vote for it. All mouth and no action Sanders
Keep the spotlight on the atrocities happening in Washington.   Don't let the GOP get away with their lame-brained ACA plans.
This country needs an admitted communist as president with a wife who can't run a school w/o bankrupting it
Were they at hospital doors collapsed or dead before obama care?
keep playing Robin Hood Mr. 3 Houses
What do you need from us?
Why do the children and seniors have to suffer in this country? The working class work hard to pay their taxes to keep this country running.
That's The #GOPUSSIES. They Are The #21stCenturyPharisees. Conservative "Christians". Boy What A Joke. NOT Followers Of Jesus.
indeed it is !!
How's that fraud investigation going?
Medicaid is why healthcare cost started rise. #TaxationIsTheft
These people have no morals...if it can be made into profit it will be. Slavery has never left, it is reshaping itself, fully.
American class system since the mid 17th century, the wealthy had contempt towards the poor and weak. This is history repeating itself.
It will kill me in 6 months  @SenBobCasey @TuesdaysToomey @PhillyLGBTgov @SenateDems @NationalADAPT
If you had actually supported Hillary we not be in this position right now. Thanks a lot.

And illegal fraudulent bank loan for $10 million for your corrupt wife and family that's Morally obscene !!!
It's cool. They prayed about it.
Senate Republicans exempt own health coverage ?
https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption …
Are you insane? Won't you think of all those starving billionaires and their corporations?  #FakePresident
NO ONE is throwing children, sick & vunerable off insurance, you are morally obscene for spreading falsehoods and fear, time to retire!
Only in this country. Disgusting.
#PitchforksandTorches
Sinful
Does your fear mongering ever solve anything?  Do you ever post any thing of use?  Keep dividing bern.
Your right Bernie and this is just not acceptable.
So is your wife ripping off the people
Hypocrites be like......
Agree 100%; we can only hope that a progressive like @SenSanders become #POTUS and advances Medicare-for-All. Fair and Affordable coverage.
If it isn't reduced their is not enough money if you tax the top income 90% to cover the blooming cost. Get real just once.
As Trump would say That's mean 
hardly, and the rich still pay the lions share of the tax no matter what, you really need an economics class taught by a non lib
We need a single payer system.  Tax breaks should only be for those who are in need, the poor, not those who have!
@HuffPost @politico Medicaid is broken, and overwhelmed with corruption and fraud.  A complete overhaul is needed.
American people should fight for public health as there are in other countries in the world. Health is a RIGHT not a privilege!
