BREAKING: Lacking votes, Senate GOP leaders abruptly delay vote on health care bill until after July 4th recess.
This is nice, but Medicare For All would be nicer.
Not with this Congress.
Sanders won't even demand that we get what he gets for healthcare...not to mention he does not support Mandatory Term Limits too
Bernie is in no position to demand anything.

But he is working hard.
Working hard stealing from American Mid Class 2 pay 4 unearned big gov Entitlement Programs, especially giving illegal immigrants first!
Keep moving the goalposts.

Hopefully, it keeps you busy and happy.
Bernie Sanders been colluding with Moscow for decades...
Universal Healthcare please. We can do this Bernie! Do it for Aldon 
You're a fraud. 

Socialism always fails.
It's not socislism if our contributions pay for it...
It's humanism and it's good business and it's smart. Collective bargaining and actually capitalism. Think about it
Dem Estab Bernie Sanders is a fraud. Not to mention he is a American Mid Class Warfare Propagandists for the Dem Estab
fix your corruption first then you can try to fix the country
No victory party yet. GOP is hellbent on delivering the AHCA/Trumpcare faux health bill to give tax breaks to uber-wealthy. It'll be back.
So what's the threshold?
Threshold for what?
What level of income do the tax breaks start? You said uber-rich so you must know what threshold of income is uber rich.
Meanwhile you and your wife stealing from others. How come Bernie you don't support Americans receiving the same health care as you!
I agree with you Bernie
You didn't win anything...many loving parts to repealing....your socialist ways are done...
Use facts (assuming you are a human). Bernie is just getting started. Join us if you care about the environment, income inequality, etc etc
Oh, I am real and, I will never submit my rights to the progressive-socialist far left. Aka, Statist..
I'm Confused? You think progressive policies you give up rights and freedoms? You prefer right wing christian coalition restrictive laws?
Cultural stability vs. constant transformation 
Real science vs. Social Science 
Rights of man/women vs. power of government
So you do want Government our of your life? #CrazyIdeaDecriminalize
Bernie does not support Mandatory Term Limits for Congress,  does not demand ALL Americans have samw health care like he does in congress
True WRs
Sanders what is the single most Awful part of the proposed legislation?
What's awful is the fact you are still occupying a political office
Why won't you acknowledge that Hillary stole the election from you?
@IndivisibleCD4 @AP_Politics -The infighting in the GOP will tear them apart. Not soon enough, though.
We as a nation have to have, universal health care for all, that would cover everyone. Let's make this a priority...
we deserve single payer but will never get as long as ins co's are earning profits.  HC should not b about profits #SinglePayer#HR676
Um..speaking of lacking. Lots of repubs are lackys to their donors. Give them the tax breaks.
19th obamacare co-op folds, 4 left. This is what you gave the middle class for healthcare. Why would anyone listen to you
Your job now is to worm your way out of the slammer!
I am sure you meant to say it is time for dems & all americans to unite & fight for single payer universal coverage.
Shouldn't this be your time to rally up some lawyers for your Allegations of Bank Fraud?
"I promise u free stuff." - Bernie.  What's the diff bet BS & every other BS-infused politician in history?  Just that he screwed his party.
What's your victory? That Obamacare is failing and you've blocked a better plan? Americans did the right thing by not electing you.
Get involved! Stop with the "we made a difference " garbage! You have done nothing to make it better! Only bitched about what you don't like
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens. Wake up USA!
Why don't you rally for the American people instead of your own interest! Your a joke.
The GOP HC bill is a genocide bill.
@AP_Politics Bernie make health care better we r the best nation and should have the best health care,this government is trash
Stop the resistance.  Healthcare is coming.  Obamacare is horrible.Try telling Americans the truth & get behind this bill. Would help all.
Maybe the #DNC #rigging the primary and backing the criminal candidate was not such a good idea!
#BernieWouldHaveWon #DNCFraudLawsuit
Or, you know, work with them to create legislation.. 
YEAH AND LEAVE OCARE TO WITHER ON THE VINE LEAVING MILLIONS W/O INSURANCE AND KILLING THOUSANDS
Why can't they pay for tax cuts with cuts in wasteful defense spending Then truly fix the ACA. Canada can do it; why can't we?
Your job is to cómo up with a solution
It's not a victory until we have medicare for all
Great job Sen Sanders and to all who participated in this victory 
Ahhh how is this your victory? Internal differences don't have anything to do with you?
Go falsify loan docs w/ your wife you socialist parading hypocrite. Which one of your homes are you tweeting from? #feelthebern
@DNC Craft solutions to Keep & Fix ACA then present to #WeThePeople Opposing the slimy @GOP aint enough.We need solutions #notmypresident
Sorry to ask but what are you going to do when Obama care will collapse ,because it's on its track to do so
avoiding a train wreck is NOT a major victory. CONTROL THE MESSAGE. ORGANIZE around single payer. You kniw HOW to organize -why aren't you ?
When will we see a Single Payer plan? After 2018 election? Now is the time to get as many Dems talking it up. Bi partisan is only way.
You sounded like Trump on CNN last night. So the story is phony like Russia?
Run for President at any cost. We need real integrity like yours that represent the majority of Americans and needy.
Bern, ya got it wrong AGAIN!!! YOUR JOB is to get to work on a bill and that works for ALL! Last time I checked, non Sens/Reps write bills!!
THANK YOU BERNIE!!
Expel bo, dogshit breath bernie and the senate chamber will smell better
Anything short of universal healthcare will be considered a loss we need you now more than ever Bernie
Yes....let Barrycare fail. Socialism works for all. Except you. 3 houses. Sports car. All on $174k a year. How do you do it?
@AP_Politics Do you think @SenateGOP will feel more patriotic after an American taxpayer paid vacation? They won't.
@SenateDems HAVE to FIX the ACA and find a way to work with @GOP to get the changes passed! @SenWarren @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @MSNBC @CNN
Bernie,we love your energy,love,devotion,and never ending determination for us citizens,ty for being our voices
Until @SenMajLdr bribes enough votes.
Elected officials should have their wages cut. This should not be a high paying career choice, it should be a temporary honor.
Let's take a holiday and sit on the pot while all of America waits on us. You're not supposed to be vacationing while America is in turmoil!
Yall make sure DT takes his medicine....and put some COWBELL on it
DON'T worry his Twitter finger received it's Viagra this morning...and yesterday
Come up with a better plan then. Stop screwing around over there.
@AngryVoters @AP_Politics Go Away Crazy Bernie Sanders! #BankFraudBernie #MAGA
Difficult or impossible to repeal and replace the law of gravity. Better to cooperate and make the law work better for us. #healthcareRights
Let them hear you when they come to home district. Camp out if you have to  in order to have that hearing. They r suppose to rep you too!
how about all you politicians go on Obama Care? I bet you all would vote in a great medical plan and it would happen quick huh?
Fraud
You don't want to fix it? Just stop it right?
#BankFraudBernie #ChampagneSocialism
Why did you lawyer up of you have nothing to hide?  #BernieBankFraud
Says the man who is under FBI investigation for fraud.  I repeat, fraud.
Feather in your cap! You worked hard over the weekend and again you prove more powerful than the majority party. We are all proud of you!
Scrap this awful damaging plan it's disgraceful
Thank you Bernie...& GO...!

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
@RasonJalph @AP_Politics I have never been more thrillingly relieved about an abrupt delay.
@AP_Politics socialism doesn't work!
trump(I don't)care has been delayed, HERE US ROAR, don't stop, keep calling, texting, emailing..This IS life or death
Trump would do it just out of his hate for Obama
Do you think this delay is a tactic to collapse Obama care so the Dems can be blamed when no one has health care
Watch out for old Kentucky; he's a sneak bastard, let's focus on beating him, regaining majorities, getting @SinglePayer4USA!
SINGLE PAYER
Call for #SinglePayerNow !
We all know in the end @SenateMajLdr will eventually get the needed votes, we all need the Dems to work with the GOP to fix the ACA...
LET THEM HEAR YOU LOUD AND CLEAR!
Isn't your wife under FBI investigation?
Why is Bernie not acknowledging the problems with Obamacare that are becoming worse with time ? What are his solutions ?
unless the comet hits
Bernie your own party won't vote your way.. Too much cash on the line to do whats right
Actually, we only need to rally 2 senators
@SenSanders  keep it up Bernie I got folks in Iowa watering their lawns.  We're gonna make it Rain!!!! 
A good way to start is to remind the American people 290,000 people will die over this letter station according to the CBO
Bernie Crook. Just like crooked Hillary, "Go directly to jail"
@AP_Politics Diversion from your looming indictment?
Come on, Bernie-- get out there--"on your bike" as Margaret Thatcher used to say. Less tweeting & more action! Stump speeches & road trips!
Bernie, maybe you will be able to rally the fellow prisoners in the prision you are sent to.10million dollar scam. Not bad for a communist.
you are unrealistic. I am 100% against the @GOP plan, but you are not providing solutions. Just obstruction. No, thank you.
Universal care (single payer) is the solution!
How do we fix it bro? Obama care is going down in flames and you and the Dems have no answers.  How about starting your own proposal?
Until the maj of ppl understand that the current system is run for profit and those making laws on it are getting kickbacks from insur
companies who are so powerful that they pay to write laws in order to profit more, the cycle will continue.
Bernie- why do you not come out with something which the American public will buy into
He has, only problem is corporations will block as long as they can. People must revolt against for-profit healthcare.
They shldnt be voting for their own interests or for their "side". Their job is to vote in line w constituets.
Erasing everything Trump and his cronies have put in place. Let's make America great again. Please!
we should somehow put President Obama back in office and restart the Presidential election.
Hold them responsible for the Russians sabotaging our election.  I think President Obama who I love needs to say something too.
Aren't you under investigation?
Please clean up our Government starting with impeaching the current president and Vice President.
Bernie I love you and everything you hope to change in what was once this great country of ours.  It's time to fight for change!
Good luck with the bank fraud litigation
Bernie's a CROOK! Bernie's a CROOK! Bernie's a CROOK! Bernie's a CROOK!
Time 2 Address True Drivers of Health Care CO$T$
Pharmaceuticals MONOPOLY Pricing
&
AMA's Price Fixing RUC & RVS Committees
Legal Extortion!
Bernie get your xxx in the room and fight for everyone
How is it a victory to have Republicans disagree??
why should we listen to you rich man you need to be explaining why you have so much money and take from all the rest of THIEF!!
Are the Democrats trying to work with the Republicans at all? The current law IS collapsing. You CAN NOT deny it!
You know it is temporary! Vigilance. They are talking money to buy Senators. Corruption and they admit to it.
PLEASE work with GOP Sens who are breaking away from pack to fix healthcare. Don't rub their noses in it just work w/them
You win nothing! My goodness how naive.
Tell the president you want the senate democrats to meet with him like the GOP did.  He just wants a success and why not ur bill
Whoooooo hoooooo!!
I'm rallied ready

Take this pathetic health care bill throw it in the garbage can   @SenSanders  @SpeakerRyan  @realDonaldTrump @NancyPelosi @elizabethforma
Every society contains within itself the forces that create its own future.. @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @SenSanders
People need to continue to speak out!!
don't gloat...get busy and fix Obamacare
Bernie, how about you help instead of talking bullshit all day... get to work
Don't forget to tell Don.
Big push ahead!
Thinking Dems need to get their message out on what needs to be done to improve ACA
The victory is that we are seeing whats in it before we pass it. Learn from the garbage your party gave us.
Yes!!! That is good news!! Thanks for not giving up on us Bernie!!! <3
Keep ON!!! It's not only the US citizens health and welfare at steak!! The work USA has ahead is to create the model for Health insurance
Bank Fraud Bernie. Lol. Good move to lawyer up
American people needs to rally support each other to impeach Trump before America is gone for ever
Kushner said that Trump lies all the time that come from his son- inlaw
It's dumb Republicans Senators that's what Trump says he said they are stuiped during the campaign Trump said it's easy to con them
They're going to wheel and deal to try to get those votes. I hope the holdouts will show some backbone and reject the offers.
you fight anything OUR PRESIDENT does .. watch out for the curve ball, you will hurt those you stand for
HEY! Bernie's SCREENERS... Pass this on to him.
He'll THANK you!
The American HEALTH Act!  ##AHA!
We to impeach Trump
the #ACA was awful and is on a roll towards grannys cliff ,stop liying bernie!
We love you #Bernie
And stop fighting with each other! We are on the same side - maybe taking different paths but heading to the same place - healthcare for all
Shut up Bernie
Senator Sanders, you are the man. Keep fighting the good fight!
How is it a victory.  Your program is failing and all you want to do is watch it crumble.   Thanks senator for nothing
And to stop people like you...who perpetrate fraud 
#BernieBankFraud 

Living off taxpayers wasn't enough
#DNCpride
Coming soon – “Trumpcare 3.0: Return of the Sociopaths”
Americans want what trump promised:  improved ACA with full pre-existing coverage, ALL for ALL & ALL at lower costs. Plus, no tax cuts!
It was Awful legislation under O and Pelops.  Recall "We must pass it to know what's in it"?  Pathetic!!!!!
Universal Healthcare or nothing.
Our voices must be heard!
Push for single payer and reduce the overhead associated with so many programs
Bernie, you need to focus on your federal investigation. Lmbo
Our job now is to get single payer.
Hey mr ethical when are you and wife going to court to show what a socialist crook you are
Keep the pressure on Heller here in Nevada
It must suck knowing that the FBI is breathing down your neck with a potential indictment for bank fraud.
What victory?
Go for the jugular! Don't play nice with them anymore!
You're so right.  My Senators aren't voting for this.
Stop inciting people to violence as that is what you are doing
Maybe it's the only thing you understand.
Need legislation against government employees and spouses doin bank fraud that would be a better idea
