Learn how to get 3 houses and a $100k+ car without ever holding a private sector job & How 2 be silent when Hillary cheats you from nom.
Steal election?  Trump supporters thought he would win in a landslide.  We never once thought Hillary would win.
No doubt you guys thought he would win, because Russia interfered in the 2016 election.
Enthusiasm was off the charts for Trump.  We had the Election Day turnout advantage.  Not many excited to vote for Hillary
Actually, wrong. People, out of fear, were prepared to vote for Hillary because they didn't want a Trump presidency. It is all in the emails
We had fear also, lol.  More debt, more terrorist attacks in US, more outsourced US jobs
You can thank Pres. Reagan for the beginning of the explosion of our nat'nl debt. Bush 2 was also a good factor. Lots of corps as well.
Can I relocate for the job??
Sanders I love your message & I understand it's an internship, but at least pay $15/hr if you want to put your money where your mouth is
How dare you to ask for pay? Is work for free! Sanders gets the grants u get the shaft! That's SOCIALISM  
THAT'S COMMUNISUM DUMMIES
Will you pay a living wage?
It pays $12/hr.
What? Wait? Ok got it. @SenSanders only demands others pay $15/hr. But is ok for him to pay less. Thanks for showing America he's a fraud.
Not true.  If minimum were 15, @SenSanders would be paying 23 to his interns.  Although, internships are not designed for living wages
Ok so your saying entry level & developmental positions are not designed for a living wage? That is correct and so conservative of you.
I am not saying entry level is undeserving of higher wages.  I am saying if the minimum were higher, his office would pay even more
You actually said they are not designed to be living wages.
Fact is @SenSanders whole message is the evil bosses don't pay enough and ppl need at least $15 to live. Practice what you preach.
Is this a internship to become a domestic terrorist?
No Christians please.
So I am clear, Your position is Christians shouldn't hold government jobs?  Should they even be allowed to participate at all?
I wish I was old enough! Just one more year till I hope to be able to participate!
Does it pay more then $15 per hour?
I wish I could but have to finish healing from surgery... :-(

#Millennials #Progressives
Are you going to pay your interns 15/hr? Doubt it.
Senile idiot
Intern to become a left wing domestic enemies terrorist? Libs preach tolerance, yet R the 1st to resort to violence and intimidation.
If ur still A Dem as u are then no one will unless they've been under a rock.
Do you pay them a living wage? How about the $15/hour minimum you so dearly covet?
Classic. Bernie is paying his interns $12/hour. #BernieIsAFraud
Unless you are a Christian.  Bernie is severely Christophobic and bigoted against Christians.
Is there an application for Pallbearer???
And learn how to be a Socialist at the feet of Comrade Bernie.
Get all the liberal brainwashing training so you too can become a soldier for Bernie.
Boycott BERNIE he is not paying $15.00 per hour he won't put his money where his mouth is
WHY WORK FOR A COMMUNIST IN THE US SENATE HE WILL BE GONE SOON
Bernie, how many PEOPLE have died bcuz of ur idealisms? Liberalism 50 million CHILDREN, 100s thousands of blacks, SOCIALISM OVER 120 MILLION
capitalism, over a hundred million every year
Really? And what evidence do you have that capitalism causes 100 million people to die every year besides ur delusions.
Millions die every year from poverty, hunger, and war directly caused by capitalism.
This totals far, far more than any of the sociopaths you idolize can connect to communism.
Socialism through welfare, elderly care, universal healthcare, emergency services, saves countless lives.
Columbia University researchers, using US gov statistics, determined that in the year 2000 alone, 291000 people died in the US from poverty
The number of people who will die because of capitalism will only increase as climate change worsens.
We can blame hate spewing, race-baiting, fear mongering Burnie and his minions for the shootings in DC last week.
Who's "we"?
Probably the KKK and Arian Brotherhood...
The KKK are the militant wing of the democrat party.
Hush, your crazy is showing
The first and last good republican is the same guy. Parties evolve. BTW, better block me I listed you.
Ahh trying to intimidate me? U people are cowards hiding behind a keyboard Or in person, behind a mask. I hope CW does come. Be rid of U ppl
I only wish I was younger
NO ONE CAN TAKE TRUMP DOWN NOT EVEN TRUMP
I hope you'll pay them at least $15 an hour
It's an internship. The fact they pay anything is already remarkable.
An internship is a predatory loophole for a real job targeting those in need.
If that was true, reps would've supported a mimimum wage long ago and kept using internships to still screw the people.
BERNIE COMMUNISUM is not wanted here
I would love to apply, but I am also unable to travel and very much disabled, but want to help our Bernie. How can I help? @SenSanders
There is a waste of money for all senators and congressman.  Young rich kids getting paid well for what?  @SenSanders
So we can attack republicans with rifles?
Can I do it even though I live in Kentucky
would bs accept an extremely successful capitalist non-traditional student as an intern if the applicant were not a leftist?
And work for a socialist. Why don't u move to Cuba or Venezuela. Socialism doesn't work.
Because your other one tried to kill people so you need a new one
I'd rather be burned at the stake
.
Why such late notice?
Looking for followers with better marksmanship?
$12? - I'll pass.
I want 15 per hour, full benefits, my own office and paid vacations. I don't have any experience. Oh you don't offer that? What a surprise.
I like to apply, if you kindly inform me of the procedures.
dream job
@siegelsego
Come see first hand how to be a sellout
I wish. #dreamjob
Warning. You must be a delusion and devote socialist.
Bernie if you have an opening I like to be considered for it. consider this twit as an application.
@VincentSirhan
wish u were in illinois 
Why are you even a senator?
These losers can't find meaningful, productive work that will move the country forward.
Will I get $15 an hour plus universal health care & paternity leave? Oh & will I get the job based on my skin color instead of skill set? 
Please apply, but only if you are willing to lie about economics, will clean up to 3 houses and willing to shoot Republicans on sight.
At $12 an hour?  No thanks.  What happened to fight for $15?  $12  up north doesn't pay for jack.  #Hypocrite
Best opportunity to learn what ethical, humane people centered public service is all about.
I'll pass
Hahaha! I dont want to be brainwashed to hate America.
Statistically speaking, working for Bernie Sanders drastically increases your chances of becoming a psychotic murderer.
This is what you'll learn when you're an intern for Bernie.
1. Learn to hate 2. Learn how to cheat on tax forms 3. Learn how to use campaign funds to buy houses 4. Learn how to be a better marksman.
@canoecanoa
I would like more info but the links (questions) revert back to main website, going to internship from there then questions does same
Does this job come with shooting lessons.
Maybe you'll get a ride in his supercar and to stay in one of his vacation homes.  Not bad for a guy who never had a real job or a business
@KWISS26
$15/hr (at least)?, Paid family leave?, health/dental plan?, 401(k)?, unionized?,
Sanders woke me up politically, and I am grateful. But why arent his interns paid $15/hr? A living wage. This feels ethically hypocritical
That's bernies mantra
Exactly! I want him to live by it. Someone who preaches this should not pay workers less than a liveable wage
Apply to be indoctrinated in failure.
@austinkeller56
Learn how to fight, mame & kill sanders & his ragamuffin pochahontas @SenWarren BOTH have blood on their hands. @TEN_GOP @potus
And it was us, because nobody from the Greatest Generation thinks like you, you're fellow Godless Democrats, and certainly not liberals.
In the fine print it's states you must love pudding cups and be bat shit crazy.
So just say thanks to the nearest conservative Republican. We abolished slavery, ended segregation saved the world from fascism n communism
Uyyg
what are the requirements?? to be mean and hateful and full of anger? and to hate America and Americans that work and pay taxes
Gees Bern, you give people two days to apply! How many days did you know of the open positions? 35 or 50? You already have them hired! Right
Do you have a religious test for that too?
Why?
abandon logic and reason all who enter here!
Only apply if you hate christians
@bach_gavin
What a great opportunity for @charliekirk11
Must be able to fire semi-auto rifles, and have good people skills.
Free health care?
This would be a EXCITING gig!
Do so at your own peril! As if academia hasn't infused enough socialist garbage...Intern Beware!
Too cheap to pay anybody Bernie what happened to all that hush money Hillary gave you
Lol right?
White Christian males need not apply.
Why, to learn more about socialism
Who wants to work for a Marxist Communist anti-free speech bigot.
@AllthiingsJenn wether it's in DC or Vermont I think this could be cool!!
Damnnn the trolls are having fun with this
Bernie why can't you answer my questions? Just tell me what I want to hear.  I thought that's what you are good at 
No thank you too violent of a group
Will they be paid $15/hour?
Bernie Sanders - Bernie, with all the rhetoric and crazy Bernie performance,you should pay at least $15, Healthcare,401k. Don't be so greedy
You to
That's a terrible job having to listen to bern all day can u say migraine
I'd love to, but I think you'll find other more qualified applicants. At 37 it may be too late to go down that road.
19 years old, Political Science Major, volunteered for your campaign and other progressives, and an active participant for Our Revolution!
I want a list of all your applicants, so I can make sure I never employ any of them myself! #socialismkills
Christians need not apply!
Why do you say that?
How
So that's a no on $15/hr. You're a fraud @SenSanders.
Why and get inducted to communism
I'd love to, but it's a Hell of a walk from Yorkshire! 
Volunteered on campaign, I'd love to intern & learn, but I'm a single mom, don't see how it'd be feasible. #TheStruggle
I never would work for a socialist. Take your interns and move to Canada.
@DoomJessa Dream job! 
Is it part time so you don't have to pay healthcare? 29.9 hours per week?
@Andy_Han94  Bernie needs you
To be twenty years old again....
MUST BE WILLING TO TAKE OUT REPUBLICANS!
It would have to be one heck of a paycheck!
The dems are dead no thanks
I wish I was younger so I could work with you
@CowvinZheng usa or bust
But be prepared to be taking orders from a boss ( Bernie) who is your intellectual inferior.
Be a Bernie Bot. Work harder than Bernie or his wife ever worked in their lives.
Will they be incharge of ur depends and polygrip?
Can't think of a worse job.
Don't forget your masks and weapons per his suggestion last year.
Hey didn't I see you in a movie last year? It was titled Try Hard 3 Try Harder.
And learn to shoot people who don't agree with you.
@StopManFoJ
Does said intern get politician grade healthcare?  Or is the internship not that long?
I'm certain this includes a $15 p/h (min.) & *First Rate* health bennie's (& beyond) provided at no cost .

#ForTheGreaterGood 
@LanceJagerson what're you waiting for
This picture lacks diversity big time. I hope u hire diverse people. I'm talking minority lesbian transgender people or bust.
I'm almost 60 - am I too old? Wonder if I could take a leave of abscence from my real job? 
@lucidparanoia I can picture it now. All the applicants...
@kaelaa_ann  I've found your calling girly
You TOO can pocket $1.5 million under the guise of socialism promotion!
Will you teach us how to have tax dollars provide our salary for the better part of 40 years?
Stop favoriting RETWEET ppl
Depends if they hide behind a perverse view of their faith to disparage others
And then he will brain wash you with his evilness
#FightFor15
Would you need a German liaison?
If only I weren't rude.
Sean Spicer is looking for a new job. Maybe he can apply, no? Lol
Shouldn't everyone get a spot that wants one?
EQUALITY!
@HopeClaireee
Only req. is that you know nothing about anything.  They'll indoctrinate..er..educate you.  Bumper sticker platitudes will be provided.
If only you were a Senator from NY :(

But no CHRISTIANS, right? There's no room for Christians in government, right? What a bigot!
I'd hope not
That's why we can't have peace. The left is so intent on overthrowing someone (they don't care who) Christians seem to be the easiest target
cool
If only I weren't married, teaching, caring for my famil, an a Vermont citizen...would totally apply...oh yeah, and a student
Yo!!!
Does the job come with a vacation home.
Oh no. . . More Hodgkinson s. Please stop teaching your volunteers to kill Republicans.
Do you need a marksman badge to qualify?
