Obamacare kicked 20 million off their healthcare they were perfectly happy with you jack ass !
Who's providing insurance for those states that the insurance providers have pulled out of Obamacare?
No pulled out till trump destabilized insurance market
Trump hasn't implemented any policy changes so this is 100% in Dems lap. Ins doesn't mean access for the people who actually have to pay.
No he has not but keep telling everyone it's crashing push ins out in trouble health care areas
It is crashing and was before he was even elected. Dems knew it would fail. They want single payer which DOES weed out old & weak. Ask Vets
Me & you never Agee but hope you and yours have coverage under this GOP bill love and good wishes
The GOP is bowing to insurance companies. I like Swiss model. Lost of competition but insurance co's are capped. How about opportunities ?
Tell us about why your wife lied and commited bank fraud? How much of what she ripped the bank off went in your pocket?
pull out your chequebook mate. Oh wait.....
Even if true (unlikely) this is somehow worse than giving your useless son in law high level security clearance? You really need that helmet
Good story but I am gonna read a palmtree now
At least your reading something but a palmtree might be a bit lofty.
Speak about the current plan where I as an orphan can't qualify b/c I don't make enough b/c I'm in college trying to better my future?
Or how b/c I don't qualify with out my parents I am fined? That's BS. Our whole Gov. sucks right now don't chalk it up to one thing.
No it's not!! It's gives individual more of a choice.. Puts Medicaid back to the states, not federal....
It's an 800 billion dollar tax cut for the wealthy
So what don't you think all Americans deserve a tax cut. This country needs the wealthy like it needs the life.Thats why people  come here .
Tina in America we don't let people die so that we can give billionaires more money. Greed and selfishness not  American
I'm in America and I see people dying all on skid row..Nobody doing anything about them. Billions if dollars going to legally support the
People getting this type of income we become so interested. Yes people that need it should get it and I believe they will still get it. But
Abled body people that can work should be working. I pass them everyday on a 12  hour journey to work.
Aren't you under investigation for fraud ? How can you speak to the public when you have dark past ?
How can he speak to the future when he has such darkness in his prresent?
Yet 28 million people RIGHT NOW don't have healthcare.....
How does it take if your plan can't be cancelled?  Or do you mean ppl now have choices?  time r politicians quit lying to us

Bank fraud!
And I suppose  you would some how provide  free health care for every one
Canada did it. Majority of Europe did it. Australia did it. But I guess we can't.
And they all are suffering from it. Not to mention it's ridiculous to use countries whose populations is less than some of our states.
WHAT A JOKE! GUESS YOU KNOW THEY'RE SUFFERING, THOUGH HAVEN'T HEARD ANYONE COMPLAINING!!! LMAO!!!
I'm sure the speach will be good!
Anything is better than Obamacare
Some people take 10 MILLION from people by pulling bank FRAUD and money from collapsing colleges.  TAX PAYERS end up covering that BS!
speak about the current "affordable"healthcare act-financially penalized for not choosing to have insurance.What kind of choice is that?
Get em Berndog! Screw all those haters, your an amazing American!
Now we know how you paid for your 3 homes! Bank fraud! Lock her up!
BERNIE!! Stop obstructing! Looks like u need an attorney!
Fight the good fight senator. You're the hope of the middle class American
How when he lives like a millionaire himself while his arguments are lame. Wake up out of that comma please!
Help them fix the problem NOT complain about it! Be a Patriot!
Maybe Hillary and your wife can be cellmates:). White collar criminals look good in Orange too!!
You mean that 22 million people won't be forced to buy insurance that they can't afford with deductibles that they can't use. How terrible!!
Sounds like the same number who lost there healthcare plans 6 years ago
Very costly to the middle class and deadly to those without insurance.
your wife's bank fraud $ could have paid 4 how many poor people's premium's? How are your 3 houses?
It's been awhile since you've spewed any hatred around. You won't let us down. Nag nag nag
If I willingly drop it, it's not being taken from me.
A little deceptive. The CBO said 15m of that 22 would VOLUNTARILY drop coverage once the mandate was gone.  #WheresTheDemsPlan
U keep going bernie! We feel the bern! Thanks! #BernieSanders #realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump #StopTrumpCare #stoptaxreform #trump4money
Actually the number reflects the fact that the 22 million will not be ORDERED to buy insurance. #seektruth
when asked about your wife involvement with fraud, you did not answer. You talked about health care.  You are just like all politicians. LIE
How many will have no coverage under Ocare in the same timeframe?
Tell us rather how many r without now on owawacare.

BERNIE!! We knew you hated Big Banks but....BANK FRAUD????? C'MON! BERNIE!!
You mean make people responsible for their own healthcare.
really? Or is it the mandate  goes away?
How's that Bank Fraud investigation going?  #BankFraudBernie
Seriously? You actually think anyone is going to take YOU SERIOUS. lol. Hahaha. You are out of it!  Better focus on your upcoming lawsuit.
Hey respect, u r talking to Senator BS. 
Fraud Bernard
You have to start somewhere! Obama care is imploding!
I live in Europe, here we have single payer and it's really great and less costly than the current US healthcare system, hope US can have it
Go talk to your attorney so your wife doesn't go to jail!that should keep you occupied!or u want that for free as well?
1/2 Sen. Sanders, here is how to finance the single payer, take the budget for Medicare add vs budget get 50% of premiums companies pay for
2/3 for their employees increaDr federal withholding by 10% add 50% of medical budget is each state, extensive negotiation w/providers.
Government is the problem.
Seniors are suffering over any plans because our leaders don't care about them. Egos and power. HIV and  the opium epidemic. #susanmintz
Berner you need 2 clean about what you're doing and your wife has done lying on loan applications. Stop lying Bernie you will lose in 2018
It's called Choice Bernie people need 2 be free to choose health insurance that's why it going to be 22 million that may not want insurance
What good is Obamacare if deductible at $15,000, 22 million insured people can't afford it to get care?

I am sick of Democrat Chavez lies!
Capitalism in on drugs now Bernie.
@SenSanders, maybe get a real job before you tell people what to do!
No those people will not buy insurance because they won't be forced to.
How's that bank fraud going?
No.  It gives them choices.  Lower premiums and deficit.   Lies!
Bernie get a good lawyer your gonna need one!
Instead of just complaining bring a solution that is why we pay your salary
You need to worry about your own problems bank fraud
That 22 million people are they the illegals on welfare. The ones we are tired of supporting
There's already 20 + mil that don't have ins. Your pt is
burn baby bern
Ask them to take the same health plan
Liar. Once people are free to choose many will opt for what they want, not what you want. It eliminates the mandate, not insurance. Freedom!
What about the damage Obama Care has caused
The unConstitutional democrat plan took AFFORDABLE healthcare & CHOICE away from people.  Start obeying your oath to the #Constitution
How exactly did people have insurance less than 10 years ago? Oh ya, it was cheaper and offered more coverage pre ACA.
Create fed reserve style board,regional offices,independent,health funding bank.darpa style pro for advancements in med tech
CARE ACT, Cover everybody At Reasonable Expense. 1/3import tax,1/3fed retail sales tax,1/3 withhold. Bring cost to 10%gdp
Lie lie lie only 12.7 million on the horrible plan the other numbers is the people who just don't want to pay for insurance u know CHOICE
it bullshit Bernie Assad isn't the 1 using chemical attacks on his people,it is the U.S.oil greed and isis they work together
I always knew you were a crook and a fraud
Insurance that no doctors will accept. Like sleeves off their vests.
CBO reports Senate health care bill would leave 22 million uninsured, lower premiums, and cut deficit by $321 billion
In other words;

 "lying about things I don't understand again."

There. Fixed it for you.

You're welcome...
I would like to hear more from you on how single payer health insurance is funded, feel the bern ! @realDonaldTrump
Will you and your wife go to jail?
Don't you think you should be more concerned about your wife's prison sentence?
Obamacare impending doom would have cost everyone of their coverage. #Fraud
Why don't you talk about your wife fraudulently receiving millions of dollars?
But taking it away from individuals that had it before ACA is ok?
why was it named Obamacare when Obama never cared for the American people ? the only people Obamacare covered was Illegals & non working
Bernie, stop the talk! Let's get to the REAL NEWS, your wife and yourself are thieves!! Bernie can't be bought because he just steals it!!
Хилари украла у Берни Сандерса президентскую победу в США!
Insurance doesn't mean "access"  600% increase out of pocket for seniors on PPOs. Shame on you!
Millionaire under investigation for bank fraud.
Oh the irony.
#you are best Bernie!#
Your wife is being investigated for bank fraud by the FBI...read the real news!!
Until your bank fraud issue is resolved, you need to zip it.
dont you have a fraud case to be preparing for?
#Fraud
If you got rid of the illegals that number would be halfed.
More like a devious scheme than a "plan". #trumpdoesntcare
There aren't 22 mil American's on Obamacare.  The premiums are too high; you have to take a mortgage on your house to meet the deductibles.
#GoAwayBernieSandersSocialistParty
How's your wife holding up from those embezzlement charges!
Fuck the elite 1% and all the political pawns who bow  in worship over their agenda!! We will not go silently into the night. #revolution
You know that's a complete lie don't you?
Please explain how it takes away insurance?
But it save billions on Medicare/Medicaid.
U need to be worried about that FBI investigation there been
@SenSanders you and your fraud wife are right up there with @HillaryClinton ...CRIMINALS!
Who are the 22? People who wouldn't buy it but for the mandate? They're not buying it anyway buddy.
Hey question over here, how's the @FBI investigation going?
Shouldn't you be speaking with your defense attorney #BernieBankFraud
It's amazing what people do you each other in the name of profits.
@RealJamesWoods and i like the death of #aca. we r more interested in why u blew off @FoxNews questions concerning #BernieBankFraud w/ mrs!
Bernie, you are so full of it. You care not about this nation, only your ideology. SHAME.
Fraud.
Why is it so hard not to read this in the Bern voice? Maybe his voice is inherently socialist.
Obamacare took that choice away from 380 million Americans.
How's that Bank fraud investigation going? Maybe it's time to take a vacation to Venezuela. Nothing but free. Healthcare there.
It's another fake scandal propagated by the Republicans. They want a Benghazi that'll stick, and this isn't it.
Using your office to gain favors is a crime.
Why you lie #BernieBankFraud  #ShadySanders ?
busted , swamp getting drained, show me the money  another crook
Again, you blatantly LIE. Removing a penalty doesn't take insurance from anyone
Stop watching fake news bernie.  You of all people should know that doesn't end well...
if the time go back and you become America POTUS instead of  that  ,I am sure world would be peaceful and America is Healthy and great Again
Rolfl
Curious if you have a mental health disorder that prevents you from actually telling the truth?
Go away, mushmouth.
Fraudulent mushmouth, no less.
"Deathcare" = genocide for elderly, disabled, and poor.
Good luck with your FBI investigation for bank fraud.
Stop spreading these lies. You are so full of yourself it is just sickening. Hey Bernie, nice job with Goddard College. You must be so proud
The GOP plan started at 26 million now it's 22 million and Obamacare there's 28 million without Healthcare so the GOP plan helps 6 million
Lock the socialist up!! Lol #BernieForPrison
Bullshit ! And by the way Bernie, as long as your under FBI investigation for fraud and thefts, maybe you should stay off twitter and the tv
Then you can give each one about a half dollar from the fraudulent loan you & Jane COLLUDED on together... #jailhousebuttBern
CBO says rates will drop by 30%.

Why did you need Medicaid if you had Obamacare?

Why do you need Medicaid if you have AHCA?

Says the bank fraud. All lawyered up
Such a hypocrite..Bernie Bank Fraud Sanders
Why can't the ACA plan be fixed??? Why can't congress work together on this? We all know it can be fixed. Need to get the insurance co. in.
They got to have it to take it, you damn fool! Hows that fraud case going??
I think one of the outcomes would be that the Democrates could gain many millions of votes in the next election.
please get your numbers right Bernie, make up your mind is it 22, 24, or 28 million??
FAKE NEWS. Most of these are people who will choose not to get crappy insurance with high deductibles.
how about the other side of it that takes money from 100 million working people?
Better than destroying the quality of care.Not to mention it destroying middle class families savings
Does that have anything to do with scamming a college
When i run for supreme ruler you may be one of my vp's.  #MedicareForAll  #decriminalize #IPayMine
Feds looking into Bernie Sanders, wife over real estate deal http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/89ae8247abe8493fae24405546e9a1aa/Article_2017-06-26-US--Bernie%20Sanders-Wife-Investigation/id-aeabb68c09ac45dfbba33fa4ea294a4e … #MondayMotivation #MAGA
Republican healthcare plan:  be rich or don't get sick
The problem with relying on others, like the government, to provide everything for you is that it can be taken away.
