Nice ads on Breitbart,  btw. Traitor.
What better way to reach the unreachable?
1 They ARE unreachable 2 He's giving $$$ to a powerful enemy 3 smdh
So you think Bernie has some ulterior motive? smdh? I'm learning on a curve here.
If you don't realize he does your not paying attention
He voted against Russia sanctions. My guess he is the mole outlined in the Steele dossier
A little more research might be good. I think you might find it valuable.
Bernie, shut up and listen. Learn to be an ally to poc and women. Stop campaigning and start mentoring. Or continue to lose relevance.
His favorability is higher with POC than whites, higher w women than men.
"Continue to lose relevance"? He's literally most pop pol fig n US
Blah blah blah Bernie blah blah.
No facts to support blah blah
Here's the link to those stats:
Extra News Feed? Are you serious right now?
Here maybe this 1 will be more "credible" for u:
http://resistancereport.com/politics/harvard-poll-bernie-supporters/ …
Since hrc supporters seem to love anything that says "resistance".
Nope
Eloquently said
Like your wife demonstrated when she defrauded that college and caused it to close?  You are a liar and a hypocrite!
Go back to the balcony, Bernie
Bernie stop sounding like you care about the common man your personal interests won't buy the presidency
Like your Mango Musolini piece if trash?
Awww another but hurt socialist
No, democratic socialist. Go back to school to learn the differences, you trumpfuckers have tje IQ of a fucking hot dog.
This country should look in the mirror before we talk about other countries.
Socialist Sanders advocating democracy is like Cosmo mag advocating chastity.
And if we are the richest country in the world we need to provide medical care to all citizens.
45 only values himself and padding his pocket! I would love nothing better than Bernie Sanders running for Pres. in 2020. He really cares!

Have you ever been to any WESTERN EUROPEAN  countries   BRIAN ?  I'd guess: NO.
So I take it you're for socialism.
Also donot forget that forcing democracy on peoples throats wich are not used to it is dangerous.
Would you please ask the the DOJ to start looking into the crimes of the Clintons! Every day a new law broken is exposure is shown to us.

So, when did you start caring for people abroad Mr. Lockheed Martin? Killing babies doesn't allow you to speak about diplomacy.
How does the idea of America First coexist with sticking our nose into other countries business. American democracy always means $$$$$.
Yes so shut up
This is for the trumpfuckerd

That's right Bernie, let them know how they stole the election from you
Our values here at home r what? Abortion to begin with? Wow what values.
Amen.
Like unmasking your political opponents?
The problem is: ObamaCare benefited Ins. Comp's. Yours goes to the other extreme (Gov. only), but No One offers a MIXED SYSTEM so ppl chose.
Beginning with establishing spending priorities for America's basic needs...not Corporate Imperialism
Ummm...far........Beyond that. We never were a good example. That is just propaganda. Others know the U.S. better than U.S. citizens do.
Clinton stole the delegates & primary from you. Are those the virtues of justice you want expounded on?  Dems lie cheat & steal.
Peace, Bernie. I love you! #stillsanders
I wouldn't count on the R's being participants,as they did decades ago.
Feel the Bern! #HerpesHillary PS ever read an economics book while laxing in one of your mansions?... you silly socialist dementia patient
Then please stop extolling the virtues of socialism-nothing is FREE-not education not healthcare-tell your followers the truth-someone pays
Bernie show facts that we are not practicing the values at home what we are expounding. Otherwise stop all the rhetoric.
Thank you, Bernie.
So why is government so corrupt. Did you order a tap on anyones phone.
Didn't you endorse Hillary after she cheated you in the primary?
May take heed.

#Complicit #ComplicitGOP #TraitorTrump #goptreason #TrumpTreason #TrumpCrimeFamily #CorruptGOPTraitors #moneylaundering #kleptocrats #MAGA
Like what steal from the people so you can have million dollar homes? Spread some wealth like stop taxation. #Visforvolunteerism
Why start now you all filled the USA people and Veterans for 8 yrs You are about follow the dollar You so sad Money talks and Bullshit Walks
You slammed Hillary Clinton on the debate you losted then was all for her So sad Now you are against the President You so sad work together
This is about the USA people and Veterans Not how much my state is going to loose if you all pass it. Stop following the dollar People first
Absolutely, though "democracy and Justice" can end up being things you don't agree with.
PREACH!
And punish criminals like... well can you see where I'm going with this?
The very first step, senator, would be for you to be quiet & stop promoting fear & devisivness.
leave people abroad alone Bernie and lead by example.
Also, we're a constitutional republic, NOT a democracy. Maybe Bernie Sanders needs a political history lesson.
How's about opening that million dollar home to the homeless. YOU can be the one to show your values.
Agreed. Get rid of caucuses first. Then have it all be closed primaries. Join the party if you want a say in it.
U think 2 private corporations should choose our choices for leading our country? Democracy?
When they admit n court no need 4 fair primary?
That was sufficiently vague.
Your daily bag of wind from Bernie Sanders
You can only "lean left" when you're sitting on the fence, Marianna. Call yourself a centrist and be honest with your readers.
step 1:  leave the Dem party.
Yes! Communism (Democracy is what we Commies call it!) has proven its value to the world!! Up to 200 Million dead in 100 years! Success!
Say "Amen" Brother Bernie.
Says the guy in the party who keeps arguing the last election didn't count because they lost.
עכשיו הנאום של ברני סנדרס על מדיניות חוץ. ככה נשיא אמריקאי צריך להשמע. @NadavEyalDesk  @erancherpak  #BernieFP
#BernieWillWin2020
Corruption of gov't involment with healthcare and pharma hurts working and poor Americans. Ethics in govt is never a issue. I got the Burn!
Yes...we have all seen your foreign values...overthrowing Latin American countries with drug money. You Yanks can't lecture anyone Sanders
Like Obama and Voter ID laws in Nigeria. No ID no Vote?
blue sky for everyone ... reap what you sow ... be kind to others ... do you ever actually do anything?
Your the problem freebie sanders all you support is welfare and take from the working man your garbage ways will never work comrade
You hate democracy and capitalism... who are you again?
Then #Google, #Twitter, #Facebook & the ENTIRE #MSM need to begin practicing immediately...#BernieFP #UraniumOne #PodestaEmails #DNCLeaks
Maybe you need to tell Hillary
Why? Which office in govt does she hold?
#BernieFP @POTUS We are a Republic & then democratic ideals are good but individual rights are immutable & then all equal under rule of law
that would start with not supporting hillary. Good job with tainting your reputation
Start with you Bernie 40 years all you have done is nothing ! but fill your pockets "
Nothing to tout about...it's these countries that should be emulating our capitalist  ways...we are the shining city on the hill.
: You are correct. NOW READ THE CONSTITUTION !
By focusing on family support for education.
yeah...that ended in the 60s....

As veterans of the so called war on terror we agree  .@BernieSanders is the Comander in Chief we need. #Vets4Bernie http://www.thedailybeast.com/bernie-sanders-the-war-on-terror-has-been-a-disaster-for-the-american-people …
Where in the constitution is the word "democracy"? Republic. Stop "THE BIG LIE". Best 2 out 3 by vote not rule of law for then slavery rules
We need to mind our own damned business for awhile and I'm saying America first.
I write about America's future in http://www.berniesavestheworld.com 
Most of the sovereign countries consist of old world dynasties, dictatorships, and  socialists governments who ignore the will of their ppl.
The same goes for India sir. We can't even accept people from our own states in mainstream society. I think Americans do a better job.
So when are you getting out of my paycheck.
#economicjustice
Right!!  Get your own house in order before you lecture your neighbors.
Bernie 2020!!!!
Welfare freebie comrade sanders never vote un American trump 2020
AgreeTrump in prison 2020

Hypocrisy is our largest American export though.
And, when will you start?
Indeed. Astute statement
OMG.The single greatest example of that the world has EVER SEEN (tho flawed like all humanness) and you have to continuously bitch about it?
lol that's not happening and hasn't been happening for a long time. It's not really the people's fault that the system is rigged
So when are you impeaching the problem?
The House handles impeachment. Senators convict after the fact. And House won't do it until a million ppl march on Washington demanding it.
As James Baldwin once said, how much time do you need to make things right ? It's been too long already, #racism must die !!
Guess you better drop Marxism, then.
Too bad you were sidelined in the 2016 election.

You literally extoll the virtues of an economic system that starves people spreads poverty
your vision of Democracy and Justice Bernie?  Is that what you mean?  Give it a rest, you have done nothing but folded like a cardboard box
That seems to be in short supply right now.
BERNIE THE RIGHTEOUS TRUMP THE FICTITIOUS!!
We need a real democracy then.  Fight to end the electoral college and #Gerrymandering .  Keep up the the good work @SenSanders!
No thanks we do not need large population centers deciding everything for all of us.
If we are going to expound the virtues of democracy abroad, first we need a democracy here at home.
Damm that's some shady presidential speak
You support black lives matter and antifa thugs and the establishment that colluded with the media to destroy you! You're a hypocrite
Good luck! The GOP stopped practicing years ago.  Revolution now.
I don't see how bombing other countries spreads democracy.
Preach it man
@realDonaldTrump    No War for #Israel in #Syria and #Iran 
#MondayMotivation @DrDavidDuke  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pI7KcDffotc&feature=youtu.be …
Can someone ask Trump how he keeps his orange complexion with skin that thin? #TrumpleThinSkin #RetweetAndFollow!
I'm gonna poop my pants!!!
Team Trump has more Scandal than a divorcée's DVR...
