Is Bernie still driving that white van around town?
#FakeNews
Lol damn lady you put him in his place.
Only politicians will have stupid notions of bad healthcare in public system. I have been in a private healthcare for last 33 years in USA & before that in a country where both private & public options were available but I don’t see a difference in quality of care including wait!
Preach! The doctor that performed live saving open heart surgery on my new born granddaughter was from John Hopkins - he said he couldn't love in a country where he had to say no to parent's of sick children because they couldn't afford it - my children are duel citizens thankful
Talkin bout their bad information, generation...who?  Blame Canada, HA!
the look on this buffoon’s face. What’s the matter, guy, can’t ya understand what the little doctor lady is telling you?
He looks like he's more shocked that there IS a doctor lady in the first place 

Rachel Maddow 1st aired this video 3 years ago. Way to go, Doc!
Great video! This 4 posting @ Dustin Baldwin
Go Bernie (@SenSanders) #AmericaIsBroken Let’sbeing so ego-centric & look to other models
You're a f__king idiot Bernie. Their healthcare sucks, that's why so many of them come down here. Communist dickhead.
If you hurry up and get in your healthcare you can shut me up by stopping my cancer treatments.
why does she know facts about America but not Canada healthcare?
This is good reason and good model for US system
Why don't u also show the patients https://www.fraserinstitute.org/sites/default/files/leaving-canada-for-medical-care-2017.pdf …
Hey Bernie, it's called the Google, give it a shot.  Wait times and everything you need posted.  But those real stats won't fit ur narrative
Americans don't get the power of single payer 
First you dump profit insurance and save money there and then negotiate drug prices
she's sharp
Globalist propagandist...did u note she didn't deny Politican came 2 America4 operation, only spun it.o
We will learn to deal with wait times.  We will.
Very intelligent lady !
And who fits a single payer system?
I im it it it looks,
Brilliant!!!
The canada health care system us good at addressing colds and setting broken bones.  Beyond that, get in line.
Nice people  in Canada very friendly
Why aren't you in prison Bernie?
Didn't it fail miserably in Vermont?
Drs can't "exit the public system" in Canada, unless they go to a private "wellness clinic", where there is big $. Gov controls all else.
Also the huge numbers of Americans who by they're drugs in Canada because by some miracle, Drug dealer/corp.s can't gouge as bad here.

She eviscerated him
what the senator is not saying, is how many from Canada come to America for health care. Especially those who have cancer.
How can human beings enjoy a BS from scammers like @SenSanders without vetting a single word out of his mouth. Like a cult leader. Sad.
Single payer will not work in America only because we don't want get taxes at 80%. It's unsustainable with normal marginal taxes.
Never in my lifetime heard of a single doctor leaving USA for Canada. 1 doctor went to Santo Domingo bcs of Obamacare. Total BS
That's TOTAL BS. Who's she kidding here? My best friend lives in Canada and she tells me the opposite. Progressives are lunatics
45000 murdered every year by USA regime.
Give him hell, Dr.
Bam!
Everyone should be demanding Medicare for all the system is already in place we just need to ship out the cards!
Bravo!
We need a single payer system!!!
Just say no to socialized medicine
Brilliant, thank you!!!
She did us proud.
OMG! That was awesome! She kicked his ass!
I have the freedom to NOT pay for a quadruple bypass surgery of someone else as much as they have the freedom to NOT destroy their bodies.
Then why do only affluent canadian fly to the US to get medical treatment while the poor camadians wait years fot a simple procedure?
Insurance has nothing to do with care - you cannot be refused treatment at any hospital in America. Stop with the obtuse silliness.
Education vs. Actual power politics for the sake of profits
Canadian health system take care of people not the insurance companies. I'm a Canadian. 
I know the system. Go for single payer.
The answer 2 health care in America is universal healthcare. Extreme wait times is a myth
Amazingly clear statement!
O CANADA OUR HOME AND NATIVE LAND! GREATEST COUNTRY ON EARTH!!!
@jimmy_dore please Jimmy a clip on this!!
Single payor is the only way to go.
Eie
U.S. Congress only wants to hear what U.S. medical lobbyists and u.s. For Profit Healthcare CEO's have to say... not U.S. paying for this !
U.S. medical industry COSTS for the average American citizen - almost Twice as much as the civilized world ... U.S. twice as healthy ???
Love you Bernie!! Don't forget about us in 2020!
#TouchDown
I love this doctor she is on fire
Can we make her president ?
Inter sting video.  since you like Amazon prime comedies, check out ours. We're now on Amazon. Follow us on twitter. @laura_edgerton
Schooled Canadian Style
Unlike @GOP vampires she knows her facts and doesn't lie
Wait times for a MRI in BC worse ever http://vancouversun.com/storyline/wait-times-for-mri-in-bc-longest-in-canada-fraser-institute …
I had a stroke in '10 I had Cat Scan in 2 hrs, I had MRI in 4 days
The waiting list in Canada is long but you dog can get a MRI or CatScan on the same machine next day but you have to pay
Boom! Love her!
Based on the smug look on @senatorburr's face, I'd say the chances of reasoning him to a new position on single payer is between 0 and none.
An "angel organizing society for us".  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPADFNKDhGM …  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWsx1X8PV_A …
Thanks for giving us trump, Senator. What happened to your promise to become a Democrat after the election? You're a liar and a traitor! sir
Her final statement said it all. We all know, if you're broke you don't matter.
so im not up to speed on the kids slang these days but this seems like that dude got 'owned' am i saying that correctly? 
I guess she told him !
only have to look this up to realize the lies coming out of her mouth! Single pay and socialized medicine is asking for horrible healthcare!
Burr is NOT a medical expert, NOT a doctor. when it comes to healthcare he is NOT qualified to speak about it. We NEED #SinglePayer
Snap!
Even if I won $7 million (tax free) in the Canadian lottery here, I wouldn't move to Malibu, CA. One broken arm & I'm a million $ poorer! 
Damn! The Canadian doctor really knows her stuff! Thanks for sharing this.
Progressive Marxists do same as Obama/Democrats did about ACA
Lie - you can keep your doctor, plan, hosp vs truth
Lost all/denied treatment
That was worthy of a RT
Thank you, Senator Sanders! Now please focus on Congressionally mandated climate report:
Senator Burr.. condescending.. not learning.. not really caring. His money comes from special interest, not from truth. Paid for by...Repubs
So why in the world would Stronach (who Newmarket named the Canadian cancer-care facility after HER family) come to CA, USA for TREATMENT?!?
I know right???
Uncle--orthopedic surgeon for Can. Olympic Team. Still practicing, not enough pull 4 wife to be TIMELY seen. Came to US. 
Socialized Med=
Socialized med is not good for anything more than the common cold
Look at the woman over her left shoulder smile
Canadian healthcare: Nothing to be proud of https://youtu.be/tE_n1xBJYwU 
The elephant in the (waiting) room https://www.therebel.media/canadian_health_care_the_elephant_in_the_waiting_room …
@TucsonBlonde people in Canada do not die because of waiting lists... the US however, must wait for insurance. @CNN
It's just insane. If people looked at facts instead of propaganda, we would have had Universal care years ago. But big Pharma & Ins $ talks
Yep... it's a classic case of the tail wagging the dog as they say. Can't tell me there aren't enough smart ppl in US to figure it out !!!

Once again Trump is against Vulnerable American people abd The Working Poor Exposed in TrumpCare @JohnKasich @lisamurkowski @PattyMurray
6 months for MRI
it's actually about 11.1 weeks but also as opposed to what? no MRI?
No my son is waiting 6 months for a MRI.  A lot of services can be privately like mri. Ontario is squeezing the doctor.
Everybody ought to retweet that. Yes Bernie. Keep fighting.
Smacking down a smirking GOP (really any) lawmaker who are willfully ignorant of single payer is so satisfying. Want to see the whole thing
Have some respect for the facts, Senator. And wipe that shit-eating grin off your face. You're making us look bad
As a Canadian I think Bernie is a good chap who may have been a good President had he not commuted bank frauds. I invite him to Canada.
GOV run health care is subject to budget cuts.  GOV run health care delays treatment.
Love her answer 
@POTUS
Excellent! Thank you for bringing this to us!
Thug life

I really enjoyed the video and your an amazing lady. This is what the U.S. needs.
She was so impressive and put smug Burr in his place .
She said you can get faster treatment from a multipayer system and they have better doctors yet people choose to use a multipayer system.
Love this! #single.payer
Wow!!! Not just people who can afford to pay???
@SenSanders, thank you for sharing this kick-ass doctor's testimony!! Yes!!
Everyone should listen to her. She has data and evidence
Everyone should listen to this doctor!!!
https://www.xn--lmbngihc-zya80cn99xnfa6n.vnlàmbằngđạihọc.vn 
waitig lists suck,waiting 3 to 4 weeks for test results suck, begging 4 tests like x rays suck, having procedures declined happens due to ££
I live in a country w. national health care, let me tell people whove never experienced it & are touting it as the end all & be all, its not
#TookHimToSchool
#TaughtUsALesson
#TheMoreYouKnow
Without all that visceral talk,good healthcare for all people, explained under 3minutes..
SOCIALISM. A DISEASE. COMMUNISM.
Daaammmnnn 
J
Wonderful response.
Grateful to you Bernie
Thanks 4 showing America that Insurance Companies R actually causing more problems in their Health Care by highlighting Canadian Dr. Martin.
Could Senator Burr have been more condescending?

I guess when you're paid to do it, it comes easy.
You go girl!  Thanks Bernie Sanders!
She hit the nail on the head
I can watch this ALL day! But how is it That I agree w her if im a "bernie-land sexist" ???
 
#SethRich #DraftBernie #Divest #DNCFraudLawsuit #Wikileaks #Jaffe4Congress #Medicare4All #BlackLivesMatter #NoTPP #DemExit #NEVERHillary
Welcome to health care in Canada
Sometimes you may pay s little more this is a fact!!! But we 95 percent of the time get what we pay for.....
I was lucky to be trained in Canada, the bottom line, the health care system is solid and smart.
I spent two years in Canada, and believe me, I meet many who were on waiting list... For MRIs!
Ok
Seems like a simple preceder but not in Canada. #TANSTAAFL
What have done to cause you to feel that way?
BERNIE, I NOTICE YOU ARE ASK WHO WILL PAY FOR SINGLE-PAYER? THE TAXPAYERS WHO PAY FOR ALL THESE POLITICIANS WHO LIKE TO ASK STUPID QUESTIONS
Bernie. Most Americans don't want socialism and single payer healthcare system. Maybe you are in the wrong country for your ideas

Actually Australia still single payer. We just allow ppl 2 take private ins too n give a rebt but ppl r aband it n gng public in droves.
@AbbyKepler 
Oh SNAP!!! The senator may want to take a few minutes to wipe that egg off his face
I don't objection to #SinglePayer. But #GermanBismarckModel is great compromise for Private, Nonprofit insurance to get #UniversalCoverage.
Hillary pushed for single payer in 1993 while you were taking money from the NRA. YOU DO NOT OWN THIS!! Shame on you for stealing credit!
That was 1993

We All "Own" This Issue
& We All Need to
Work Together
To Have Any Chance of
Single Payer

#HealthCareIsAHumanRight
This should definitely be watched in order to put an end to Republican myths about our (Canadian) Health Care!
Well said!!!
... traffic to get back north, that's a VERY do-able solution.
LOVE you Bernie.  Do you know, can US citizens also have Mexican citizenship? Mexico is an hour south - except for the FIVE hour wait in -

I'm a Canadian & very proud of how Canada is providing health care to its citizens. They'll work out bugs. Every system has a few. 
@Paulhaider74  
Oww, Burn!
Great response
Well that's him told! what a woman!
She better just put him in line!!
5. The main difference is, when you go private, you can choose your doctor, and have less wait time for elective surgery.
4. The public system is free. To go private, even with health insurance you have to pay a gap.
3. Why would having the additional option of private health insurance for the private system increase wait times in the public system?
2. We have an additional private system which you can purchase insurance for. You can choose to go public or private.
1. I don't think what she is saying is correct about the Australian system. We still have a single payer public system.
This is stupidest country on earth now, thanks to the clown shitting up the White House
Thank you for sharing this, Bernie! If every American listened to it there would be a landslide of support for single payer
And while those of us recognize the need for single payer, the GOP & Democrats are working together to salvage ACA ignoring what we want.
This was great. I hope they listen.
We should take note! Maybe she can assist the US with the healthcare disaster
Wow!
He's still not cured!!
love your work B. #auspol
The waiting list/time in Australia is much longer than private health but you pay no "gap fees" which can be $20k for cancer treatment
In Australia people are dropping their private health cover. I've just had an elective procedure through public health &it was top notch
Who is the doctor?
Ask the 14% of Canadians without a family doctor what they think.  They pay their share without full benefits.  http://www.statcan.gc.ca/pub/82-625-x/2015001/article/14177-eng.htm …
We need more testimony like that. Keep the faith Bernie
Here's what would happen here if @Jeremy_Hunt was asked the right questions about his plans to privatise the NHS.
What I love about this, is the Doctor's example of the queue into the building - Well done Doc.!!
US Republicans like the UK tories begrudge evety penny dpent on universal healthcare. In the UK the NHS is well established despite tories
Drs/Nurses r leaving our NHS, not cos they've no faith in the single payer system but cos they've no faith in UK Con Govt's commitment 2 it!
