Why isn’t this man is the president of the United States?
Because he is a socialist.
The USA is a socialist country. Every country with elected government is. Only question is how the sharing is managed.
Please find a credible source that says the USA is a socialist country. .
The system of this government is socialist. The system is actually very similar to the National socialism of Germany in the 1930s
Not even close.
a political/economic government that advocates that the means of production, distribution, and exchange regulated by the community.
You you can't pick and choose the parts you want. "Owned by the community as a whole" is the reason socialism does not work.
When you live in a hurricane Zone you have hurricanes. Those areas are really nice when there isn't a hurricane though.
Yea we saw how Your bid for US PRESIDENT WAS BLOWN AWAY
80 percent of the country's population was not allowed to vote in the Dems primary. Independents would have sealed his victory easily.
Congratulations to @SenSanders for blaming the hurricanes on climate change. Last time I check It’s the rainy season in Africa. #IBeenThere
Please tell me your joking balls...
Not it at dear boy! The song  “ #Africa” by #TOTO was on to something.
LIAR:  Fewer USA Landfalling Hurricanes Now, per NOAA DATA
Nothing to do with the natural climate change cooling and heating.Get real if valcano's produce more CO2 then humans let's ban valcano's
You just use people to have the illusion of relevancy while you enjoy the life of wealth and privilege. Phoney.
You need an injection of actual facts
Who oversees the charity donations to verify they are delivered? Can a charity be defined as 98% delivered compensation by law? Who benefits
Bernie also want you damn Democrats help some but all the money you waste
There goes Bernie rattling off the mouth again and don't know what he's talking about.
I love Bernie Sanders cuz he keeps on going and caring about us
You'll use anything to gain more control, won't you? #Tyrant
Awakening against #ClimateControl by #SRM #TAI.
http://geoarchitektur.blogspot.com/2015/04/awakening-against-srm-chemtrails.html …
#fracking #desert #farming #water #chemtrails #FightClimateControl
Just because you own a company doesn't give you the right to harm the people around you. Regulate them!
A confused old man shows up?
REALLY WHAT THE HELL DOES BERNIE ,HILLARY, WARREN ,RYAN KNOW ABOUT THE MILITARY VA ZERO THEY NEVER SERVED

Let's see pictures of cities after the devastation of time under your policies. Cesspools like Detroit. Lunatic!
Stay out of Texas you socialist!
There were more hurricanes in 2005 then this year. It's not global warming. The earth goes through cycles.
Climate change is a natural occurance.  You can't change it.  Hurricanes aren't going away
#NationalTacoDay #WalktoSchoolDay
Why does @BernieSanders not meet with whites?  Weird
When it’s not on the TV News, the masses think it’s all OK!
Just remember it took Homestead, FL 10 years to just get back to normal from Hurricane Andrew. It will take PR longer.
what should happen is the people take up the fight, social media and cameras have pussyfied America.. tax payers are not mommy and daddy
I think I just threw up in my mouth a little bit. I love watching Bernie pretend that he cares. Come on Bernie!
Let’s hope for action on climate change...
Bernie, I voted on a third party candidate and that candidate was you.
Get rid of the oil industry if you value your life
Yeah, I lived in one.  SIx years later and people still are not back in their homes.
Love you Bernie!
The senator could have taken one photo without the tie and suit but it is always easier to quarterback from couch...uhm conference table
fukishima is poisoning the ocean. electric cars are poisoning the planet by manufacture of batteries. vote career politicians out!
Thank you Bernie and Team, for actually giving a damn. For educating yourselves and us about the reality. For caring about POC & vulnerable
Yet ur on camera!! Ur so sad Bernie
In Collier County FL we still have people in shelters and landlords who do nothing about uninhabitable properties since Irma.
Love the double switch from Hurricane Relief to Climate ChangeNice try but nobodies buying it.
this shit needs to end real fast.Trump is being pig headed about climate change even though there is a huge amount of evidence
Ty ladies + Senator Sanders.  
#climatechange
There is still no proof that climate change is man made.The climate has been constantly changing for 4 billion years
Bernie profits?
There is no credible scientific research that shows hurricanes getting worse ... this is nothing but anti-science propaganda
this also happened in 1000 ad, it is an earthly cycle, that is destined to repeat itself
More of Bernie's pandering bullshit. Don't believe a word this man says.
Bernie give it a rest where Leo you live I bet no where near a city
Cherry picked to be supportive of you. Talk to real people.
Save us Mr Sanders
Powerful.   We must help

You are washed up Burnster
Read the book of Revelation if you want to know more about how it turns out. There is nothing more we can do to reverse what we started!
You're a hack Bernie.
No such thing as Climate Change. Please stop blaming hurricanes on climate change.
I’m so tired hearing people blaming hurricanes on CLIMATE CHANGE. I think if you look at history hurricanes happen every year
Wach us plese.
Why aren’t you working on your bank fraud defense?
Why isn't Congress acting? Could it be because it thinks America's asleep to their indifference to climate change & its social consequences?
Because Satan is running the show and Congress is sucking up to him
This is bull shit.  America was under ice 10000 hrs ago!  Globe warms and cools PERIOD.  Nothing to do with people. Climate chg always here!
Nice try....pushing the global warming narrative by using actresses.
But the cameras a clearly still there
Why don’t you visit cities devastated by liberal policies plenty of them out there
You and your staff get off your assets and get out and do something. Ladle up some soup, direct traffic grab holt some downed power lines
Your out of touch and ur too old to continue talking because your views are ancient. Go home, play grandpa , play with the dog. Your right about nothing so lock those lips
We also need to do our part: to turn off the lights & computers when now using them, drink the milk in our cereals, paper towel spills...
Cheap trick to use hurricane to push climate agenda. No scientific evidence connects these storms to  CO2 emissions. None. Katrina and Harvey were preceeded by severe electomagnetic solar storms.
I can help, senator.  Allow me to tell you about Resolution H2O.  Believe me, this is well worth your time.
@SenSanders when are you going to visit us – at San Juan, Puerto Rico
When his handlers see an opportunity to be had. We hope you get the needed help, and have donated. It's been some rough years for you.
What a bunch of political crap.
Wow. What a scientific assessment of the impact. 4 women and 1 socialist.
how much did you pay these girls Bernie and where did the money come from
this video is full of complete nonsense. we have a 600 million year record of carbon dioxide and it has never correlated to temperature.
When the cameras leave. Only we are watching a video filmed by cameras. "Hey, look at me!"
Hurricane recovery segues into climate change. Thats pretty low!
I wonder if he will let ppl stay in one of his three homes
@SenSanders, I love the way you care and reach out to talk to people and the different advisors you have. I so wish you were our President!
Wow Bernie, you're so important. Please everyone, depend on the government
But Trumps giving away a twelve pack of Bounty & a bakers dozen flashlights since he touched down on the island of PR-crisis averted A+
Every congressman and woman should be strapped to their seat and forced to give their opinions without platitudes or generalizations.
this is what a true leader does, he empowers and amplifies the voices of regular people, lets them tell their story
Or just uses them as props to get his message out.
WHO WILL REPORT THE TRUTH? LESS TIME ON POLITICS, MORE TIME ON REAL PEOPLE IN ALL THESE AREAS! AMERICA DESERVES THE TRUTH!
Is this a surprise? America hit by 2 record setting Hurricanes. Did amazing damage. Will take years to fix. Of course people are hurting.
Just like Venezuela. He is a crack pot!
Red cross Disaster relief just gives survivors $1,000 checks for food thats not help its just a bandaid
Thank you senator Sanders for making known the lasting impact these disasters have. People affected will have a long road ahead.
This is what a real leader looks like. Thank you Sen Sanders for being a beacon of light in these dark times. We appreciate your efforts.
Bernie, please help my island. My heart is broken how the president is intentionally excusing himself from not sending more help.
BLA BLA BLA
We got to see after Katrina left ... boys and there toys from top gear
Tell us about the cities devastated by socialism
Here is the link...
The job of a politician is to ride the wave of calamities. The job of a statesman/woman is to rebuild a broken nation, when cameras R gone.
Unfortunately, we are low on the number of statesmen/women. Anger is inhibiting the needed conversations.
Why do we not talk about what Methane is doing to add to the problem? You're not afraid to take on #bigAg..?!?! Right?
Lol
Talk about using victims for political gain??? #fail Then these politicians wonder why they loose an election. #WeRemember
... and yes climate change is real. /2
And people are a part of the problem: global warming.  And @POTUS still denimg it.
Bernieeeeee #comeback
Thank you for continuing to advocate for flood victims @SenSanders. Where is corporate media now, well after landfall?
You mean when the Clinton s fleeced Americans after Haiti and left the poor people with none of their ill got millions?
Burnie please stop and think what have you ever done to help anyone?
The camera is still there, you crazy old coot
Bernie, you want to talk abt Sandy and the Jersey impact? that was a real clusterfuk  the democrats pulled led by lilrat(obama)
Maybe you forgot but Christ got aid from Obama.
2 day later Obama was in NJ.  How many weeks has PR been waiting...
Is that what happened to Baltimore & Detroit?
Start with  china ,north KOREA we can't do it alone maybe Bernie open his eye we are not ATM NO MORE
This is a bunch of garbage!!!
We have always had devastating tornadoes where I come from!!!!
God bless you Sen.Sanders
Didn't hear Bernie sneeze...
Show them what happens to cities like Detroit when liberals refuse to leave!!!!
Don't worry Bernie, you will be able to find a great deal on that 4th in one of those cities.
Bernie, what are your thoughts on Venezuela? Just wondering.
I live here in Houston. This is a lie, straight up lie!


NEW DONALD TRUMP! https://twitter.com/themrdawgmedia/status/915026543289741312 …
