The dimRat (demonic) leaders ARE autocrats and authoritarians.  You're a fool, just like most of your party.
And you're more comfortable with bank fraud.
Lol
I think he just feels more comfortable with common-sense people!  Try being one for once.  BTW, are you and your wife in legal trouble?
What's more strange is that you and Hillary think you are still relevant. You lost, now go away... PLEASE
LOL dude, he's a still a Senator.
Bernie dear, Obama was an Autocrat. Look it up 
This whole thing is a mess and I blame the DNC, and now we have this mess for 4 years. Yippy!
How's that financial problem going, Bernie? Feeling a little heat?
What's strange is that this deranged fake POTUS was allowed in the Primaries.Why wasn't he stopped then? He's a Con man. Impeach him.
He's your President if you are an American citizen. Like it or not. Tissues available on the next post.
Wrong
Because he is one
Awww, Bernie doesn't realize America is NOT a Democracy. Odd for a guy who's been collecting salary from tax for decades.
#Demagogue
BANK FRAUD BERNIE
Democratic leaders r obstructionist.
that's cause most of you are crooks well huh and the rest couldn't lead a parade
He hangs out with the people he admires most and criticizes the people that represent democracy
President??!  The man is a crook!
Strange. I haven't seen President Trump hanging around with you lately. Guess you're wrong again, Bernie.
You're insane! President Trump has reached out to Dimms they RESIST-just like you! Oh, 4 got u have FBI investigation 4 bank fraud. Ur busy
Better than dealing with a Socialist.
These are qualified real world experienced noncareer politicians threatening to take power from lifeime politicians like you. #draintheswamp
It was that way prior to the election Senator. Perhaps the Democrat party backed a bad candidate while handicapping another? your thoughts?
The @DNC has no honest candidates. #BankFraudBernie #CROOKEDHILLARY
Apparently the GOP is challenged in that area as well
He has no interest in democracy, Bernie.  He is all about Trump, and only Trump. This is the way he's been all his life.
He treats his workers the same way he treats the media - with scorn and disdain.
The boy is in a schoolyard he never left.. A total reactionary.. reacts to what he thinks others mean.. Peace Tony
It seems rather strange that your more comfortable with socialists and lobbyists than small business owners
It's VERY SCARY! I've lived through the Cuban missile crisis, Watergate and NEVER BEFORE has anything scared me as much as now! TERRIFYING!
I found it rather strange that you are under FBI investigation for #Fraud
It's rather strange a so called socialist is a multi millionaire and his family is now under fbi investigation for fraud.  #hypocrite
Trump promised the Americans he will do everything in his power to keep our country safe from radical Islamic terrorists- let him do his job
Seems odd that you handed over the Dem nomination from day one to a crook. Oh wait, looks like your a crook too! #BankFraudBernie
@SharylAttkisson you're right #BankFraudBernie! He likes the people of our country not the democratic leaders! We vote you know?
@SharylAttkisson no #BankFraudBernie why would he?  Corrupt ones!
I think it's rather strange that you continue to pop off while under federal investigation. #bankfraudbernie
Democratic leaders.LMFAO
Hey Bernie guess you better get comfortable with your attorney.
Please Bernie the dem leaders are more dangerous to this country than anyone else. Not even trying to earn their pay checks anymore. Useless
#Trump is a #control #freak!
Referring to YOUR Pres BHO, of course
Typical millionaire complaining about other millionaires. I hope you and your wife are found guilty of bank fraud you muppets
It's not only strange it is scary.
Like your wife ran her college?
True! But @SenSanders that's a bit like the pot calling the kettle black.
Dems and socialists are hypocrites. ACA forced people to buy insurance. Thst is a dictate. Socialism never works democratically. Venezuela
It's a little odd, Senator, that you seem more comfortable with communists than capitalists. Just sayin'.
Quit repeating yourself.
In ref to your remarks, Trump reaches hearts of common Americans. Our current so-called Dem leaders are phonies/the Swamp.
Authoritarians only represent themselves. When confronted by someone elected by a majority, Trump retreats to his supporters.
With your love of socialism, leave the US & find it (or has your passport been taken away yet?). God speed!
Bernie wants this for all! Socialism is for the socialist not the people
I ALWAYS TELL THE TRUTH, EVEN WHEN I LIE...!... @realDonaldTrump
Didn't you honeymoon in USSR?
It's also strange. You have never had a real job but have 3 houses and a pretty red sports car. A real champion of the common man. 
I think your time would be better spent getting your lies straight for the FBI interrogation instead of sending pointless tweets.
He needs a psycho evaluation. It's so sad
Strange that frauds like Bernie call themselves leaders. Very funny
Well since America is not a Democracy I guess it shouldn't bother you.
It's not strange, that's the way the man is, driven by greed.
1/3  Which democrat leaders you talkin about: those that passed & signed a sure to fail healthcare bill into law without reading it, or
2/3 those who, when the aforementioned sure to fail law began to implode did absolutely nothing to try to fix it, or
Oh yeah? Just ask Assad, Castro, Kim... and give him more time... only on the job < 6 months. Butthead!
Why are you under investigation by the FBI?
Doesn't seem strange to me to stay as far away as possible fromSWAMP CREATURES like you
Like your comfort with Marxists and your honeymoon haven, communist U.S.S.R.?
Can't be any stranger than someone who's under FBI investigation and preaches.  Like you
You are always better in your own home than in your own home, why?
You're a hypocrite
http://www.thedailybeast.com/when-bernie-sanders-thought-castro-and-the-sandinistas-could-teach-america-a-lesson …
Aren't you under investigation?
They don't keep calling him a murderer
Demorat leaders ARE Autocrats&Haters.Its why they lose
No one is fooled any more
Voters understand alpha males protect from the anarchists
How's that FBI investigation coming along?
How you feeling now that you are under FBI investigation along with your crooked wife? Didn't know you are crazy AND crooked.
#CrazyUncleBernie
Well when Democratic leaders do anything and everything they can to attack, investigate and obstruct, ...he INVITED Dems to participate! LIE
How comfortable are you about perhaps going to prison?
It's hard to escape your environment. Kind of like politicians and unethical activities.
Shouldn't you be meeting with your lawyers to stay out of jail or is the lake house too good for them?
Sharyl you are well on the way to Megan Kellying yourself.
wasn't it he who invited Dem Black Caucus and they who turned him down?  Dems  were more than happy to hang with him before he became Pres.
Bernie, your ideas didn't sell during the election, you LOST & your ideas lost! Stop trying to TELL us what to do!
It is rather strange you champion middle class, condemn 1% and yet you're under investigation for #bankfraud
Coming from the man who vacationed in the USSR? Blaming others, projecting one's self on others, being an elite leach, Mr socialist Bernie
Hey @SenSanders, time to #lawyerup . #BankFraudBernie
Hey Barry, you couldn't even beat Hillary and she lost in the biggest upset ever.  Move on 
It is rather strange that Progressives have a desire of wishing death towards their political opponents lately, just like authoritarians
bernie, didn't your attorney tell you to lie low? be careful of public statements? aren't you being investigated?
@SharylAttkisson #BankFraudBernie
@SharylAttkisson - BANK FRAUD BERNIE ON THE LAMB after buying new house and cars ! @foxnation @CNNPolitics
@SharylAttkisson didn't you honeymoon in the Soviet Union under its ruthless communist dictators?
@SharylAttkisson - it's strange to hear about people up for Bank Fraud after they buy new houses & cars !
.It's rather odd that you bent over and let the corrupt authoritarians of Hillary, the DNC & CNN manipulate the #2016election
Like the Castros?
Bc Dems hv become the Communist Party of Obstruction y don't u tell us how u spent that $10 Mill Burnie the Hypocrite...y Sharyl?
I'm bored. Can we talk about Jane Sanders now? Did you collude with her to get low rate loans?
You do understand that Hillary rigged the democratic nomination against u but cool keep defending till ur blue in the face..
Are you going to jail? Where is the Clinton hush money? Thanks, I'll listen.
Bank Fraud Bernie!
How's the FBI treating you, Bern? 
I've seen reports that you and spouse are being investigated for bank fraud , do you wish to comment on that ? #POSSIBLEFELON
says the person who thinks bankers use power/influence to better themselves; yet used HIS power and influence over a bank to better himself
Go back to Vermont!!!! Ohio doesn't want you here. How dare you come here and try to influence us stay in Vermont with communist hippies!!!!
It's even stranger that you are under investigation for bank fraud and the MSM doesn't cover it
@SharylAttkisson 

And Bernie seems more comfortable filling out loan applications...
Says the elitist, authoritarian.
That should tell you something about our democratic leaders
I find it strange that Marxists are comfortable with an ideology hellbent on killing everyone who doesn't submit #DeathCult #BanIslam
#BanLiberalTerrorists
So was the last one.
Coming from a Socialist    LAUGHABLE
OMG! The irony is off-the-charts! :-D
I find it strange you want to destroy democracy and capitalism and turn our country into socialism
How's that Socialist thing of  yours working out in Venezuela ?  They finally ran out of spending other people's money and are broke
It is amazing sen sanders is ok with wife's bank fraud, inciting violence & masterminding assassination attempt of Republicans
Possibly he is more comfortable with Decision Makers rather than the Gridlock Swamp known as Washington..
You mean like dictators like his "best friend" Erdogan or Raul Castro? 
Oh wait, that was Obama!!!!!
Yup. It was also rather strange that Obama's best world leader pal was Erdogan. Seems like Trump is maintaining a trend.
Awesome. Now do Barack Obama.
You mean with socialists.
You cant even tell us what a "Democratic leader" is... 
lol considering all the dem leaders say is RUSSIA...IMPEACH
Says the socialist (aka totalitarian) himself.  Pot meet kettle??
Bernie, Bernie, Bernie. The Dem. Black caucus refuses to meet with the President.
So says the guy who vacationed in the USSR
cuckoo
KIDDING!!??
Says the guy who thinks Christians shouldn't be allowed to hold office.
Crazy Bernie Sanders doesn't understand that socialism is authoritarian by nature.  P.S. Bank Fraud #LockHimUp
get back to preparing your defense in Burlington fraud suit. We don't care what you think.
How's your wife fraud investigation going
Because you'll call anyone that doesnt agree with your regime autocrats and authoritarians. You are afraid of true leaders.
Can you say "Bank Fraud"
Yeh Bernie can you
I find it strange that dems only offer critcism instead of solutions. Your're like a rabid barking dog.
How's your wife's investigation going.
You committed bank fraud, hypocrite.
The swamp is full of fraud and lies which is very sad
Amen to that. People making a career out of being a politician is the problem.
Bernie......wait a minute. You're describing your own Socialist Party and your allied bolsheviks, castroists and chinese communist goons.
Not really.  But it does seem strange that you are more comfortable with communists than actual Americans.
So Sen. Sanders, those who have earned their way to prominent positions in business and industry should be vilified as autocrats nor experts
Our @POTUS isn't a criminal and crook like you - bank fraud is a crime Bernie
At least he's not under the FBI investigation like you actually are.
Yesss I would've voted for u
Bernie you have gone quiet since news dropped your other half is being investigated by FBI? Huh must be why you conceded to HC so easily
Bernie, you are not a Democrat, you are a totalitarian Communist. Just sayin. He should ask a guy like U who has NEVER had a JOB
Because you are psychos
Because he is one himself good luck America you need it!
But you follow the ideology of people like Castro who cause rampant poverty and death in millions with no benefit. Socialism doesn't work.
Back at ya!
Also rather strange to see you lawyering up over allegations of bank fraud. Kind of one percenty, isn't it?
There are no Democratic leaders...Pelosi is lost in space, Schumer the liar is more involved with Russia than McCain. You are going to jail.
It's rather strange that the so called man of the people knows how to pimp out his office.
