We should be doing the opposite. I think we should go pre-Reagan tax cuts & end every loophole the wealthy have carved out for themselves.
Trump Is Right About One Thing: 'The Economy Does Better Under The Democrats' via @forbes
Great economic analysis, thanks for joining in the conversation.
From an architect of your supply side adoration.
Tax cut fever: Republican trickle-down theory is lies https://usat.ly/2xAUIkX  via @USATODAY
Just think Bernie goes into politics and becomes a millionaire. Just keep us working class believing everyone is equal .total socialism bern
Bernie's wife got $1000 in salary from every student enrolled at college she was president of, before it went bankrupt
You don't like women earning wages?
Like women and men earning good wages the honest way. Funny how the elite politicians like the Bern seem to get special treatment
Please, tell me all about this "special treatment".
retirement nest egg could be worth close to $2 million. (August the Sanders family paid about $600,000 for the lakefront home. Socialist
Is that all you have for your "special treatment" accusation? 2 hard workers in their 70s are able to finally buy a camp in home state? smdh
School goes bankrupt . Jane gets 200000 severance. Under investigation for 20 million dollar land deal maybe that why she resigned
Top earners used to give 50% in taxes, in the early 80s (way more before that) but then trickle down economics came and it's now 35%. =(
Top earners never, ever have enough money.  They need 2 more houses, a boat, 5 cars...But they don't want the average American to get ahead.
or they think the average American should build their own wealth
Very few American's cannot build their own wealth - that's not the problem - being financial mature adults is the problem - & blaming others
Really? Because Trump is a Billionaire who has filed for bankruptcy 6x. Oh, this is one of those do as I say, not as I do leader moves.
That has nothing to do with the average Americans ability to build wealth
Doesn't it? If you have a Billionaire who won't pay workers (average Americans) what is owed them... how are they supposed to build $?
So one asshole makes the whole system broken?  Also means that everyone has been cheated?
That seems quite obvious.
You take all the money away from the rich so they leave the country and it's only full of the poor, like god intended
Hear the Israel Firster..

And yet, this sound logic alludes some people..... *cough cough * Trump *cough*
This logic also alludes Clinton as well.
Clinton would not have been able to give such massive tax breaks to the rich, that Trump wants to, but she will have been even more more aligned with the financial elite.

Trump is deplorable, but Hillary is controlled by the same ethos.
I'm glad you have psychic powers to know exactly what Clinton would have done but I'm more concerned with the actual President and this garbage tax plan that will screw me, a small business owner just trying to make 40k and feed my kids. Moot point, that you can't even prove
I don't have "psychic" powers. Telling the future is not needed, to see where Hillary's loyalties really lied.

Hillary's true constituency are her big money donors, who will also benefit from Trump's insane tax plan.

Fight Trump's tax plan, but have no illusions about Hillary.
She's not the president so I really don't give a shit! Why are we still so concerned about Hillary??
Hillary has not gone away & the corporate establishment Democrats, are changing absolutely nothing.

The Third Way Corporate Democratic side of the Party must go & be replaced by real progressive Democrats.

Bill & Hillary are ideological leaders & need to still need be opposed.
You never say how was rigged
Bernie has been telling people for years how the billionaires have rigged the economy.

Bernie has said continually that corporate deregulation, pro-corporate trade deals & tax breaks as pay back for political donations, rigged the economy for the wealthy.

Bernie has been clear.

Tsk. You've fallen WAY behind.
Thank you, Sen Sanders!
Meh
And you sure don't fix it by giving the money (taxes) to the govt to redistribute. Your a financial idiot
Bernie for President
Make no mistake about it - tax cuts (for the wealthy) are the MAIN goal of republicans in congress. The wall, immigration, health dnt matter
Well if the wealthy, who ever they r, has more money they will spend more & that will help create more job. U can't b so dumb about econ
Stop with the lying looser. The leftist communist still regurgitating propaganda
You know who really pays corporate taxes? You and other consumers. Cut the crazy commie claptrap. I pray to God for your repentance
Neoliberal policies have destroyed the middle class.
No, the housing bubble, trickle down economics, and Raeganomics destroyed the middle class.
Wrong this is a liberal disaster.
Yeah, no.  Turn of the Fox News and take a few classes, namely in economics and history, because you have no clue what you're talking about.
You're still wrong.
So I'm wrong, even when you have no proof I'm wrong, and no argument FOR me being wrong?  Keep telling yourself that.
I will. You keep telling yourself.
So, I take you're either a child or an adult with the mental capacity of a child?
It will help more jobs come in and then money flow.
that's what they said about the bush tax cuts and it was far and away the opposite.
Gotta say this LOUDER, Bernie!!! This needs to be HEARD!!!

Sadly that isn’t how #Conservatives apply the #ChristianValues they claim to follow.
If you give everybody the same percentage of a tax break, of course the rich will be getting more money back. That's basic mathematics!
Yes, but that's not what was proposed. Taking away state tax deduction will hurt the middle class more than the ultra-rich.
That is up to each state, not the federal gov't.
His proposed bill will mean that state/local taxes paid are not deductible on your FEDERAL return. BAD!
D E M O C R A T I C S O C I A L I S M
How is that working out in Venezuela?
@SenSanders
In #India our government helps billionaires by letting them pile up the #NonPerformingAssets & loot the economy OFFICIALLY.
Well u could mimic Venezuela where everyone is poor with no hope of getting out
You tweet the same nonsense every time man
And you certainly don’t pay a blind tax to a government that can’t balance a check book. And hope they fix it.
Huh. You politicians made the laws and blame the rich? Obviously you do not like rich people!
So relevant to us in India.
I can't believe he has followers still. It is nice too see more and more waking up to his lies!
It doesn't sink into that thick head of yours. Corporations and wealthy created jobs. Poor people don't  only create government jobs
I'd like to RT this hundreds of times!
And then have a fit when entitlement programs are hacked so the debt is not increased!
It's obviously better to redistribute money evenly like the Nazis did. Socialism doesn't work Bernie. You should know this. You are a Jew.
@JaneBro04571593 Benefits  small business and makes OUR country more competitive in the global market. U R A POLITICIAN BERN!
don't you and your wife have another bank to rip off? Which of your homes are you writing this at?
Very well spoken sir!
So your not giving a tax cut to the poor an working class poor, because less than 1% of wealthy might benefit also....Your Fired
Says the #ChampagneSocialist, #BankFraudBernie.
Ignoramus

We will not rest until Bernie Sanders denounces Trump's 'tax cuts for the rich' from each and every one of his three mansions.

The Tories in the UK do the same thing  every time they get in power. LOOK AT US NOW. Owned by the rest of Europe.
You are 1 of the best examples of the "you work, I eat" ideology having taken full advantage of the crony rigging. U r a fraud!
You talking bout yourself you old rich turd?
Unless you are Bernie Madoff

Liar.There are no huge tax cuts for those people. Stop lying. You know your supporters can't or won't read the tax bill so u r lying to them
LIAR. Try reading the tax plan BEFORE you spread your communist lies.
@realDonaldTrump doesnt want to fix it. Its a smash and grab for his own corporation. His whole presidency is just a heist.
You don’t by taxing them to much they move their pay packets so u can’t tax them
The sad theme of this election was the victimization of so many Americans. "Rigged" used similarly by @BernieSanders and @realDonaldTrump
http://www.travelbhoom.blogspot.com 
Thats right you should give all your Socialist money to the needy  guess your standards for everyone else doesnt apply to you ?
You don't give tax breaks to billionaires while there are people with no water, food, electricity, medicines, proper storage facilities.
That’s not true we all need a tax break and you know it
Got news for you about who rigged the economy, comrade.
Exactly. You don't give huge tax breaks to billionaires when there are hurricane-ravaged areas that need to be rebuilt.
Could you please relay that to Mrs May
Exactly what you & Hillary would have done, had either of you been in the position that our Greatest POTUS currently holds. #PrezTrump #MAGA
Bernie would not have given massive tax breaks to the billionaires & multinational corporations. Otherwise they would have supported him.

The fact is that Bernie wants to help the working class, obviously Hillary was totally sold out to her big money donors & for the rich.
Stop, Bernie. Just stop.
Why should he stop telling the truth?
If he is not a dem, he should run as an independent. He rites the fence.
fault of the corrupt two party system, not his. Don't pretend third party candidates have any chance. It's disingenuous.
If he were true to his beliefs, he would have run independent.
He chose to run as a d. to have a chance at getting his ideas to the public. I applaud that.
Then he played a game.
Gary Cohen had the audacity to call the #Trump tax plan a "middle class tax cut." He stated the average family will save $1,000 (& then...
...went on to list the things they could do w/ the $: renovate a kitchen, buy a car). Gary: it's 2017; not 1955. And when higher income...
...families will save tens of thousands with the last bracket dropping from 39.5% to 35% (& pass thru income taxed at far lower rates)...
...you're being far from honest about who benefits from this ill conceived plan.
Maybe, but Small Businesses navigating the rigged system could use a tax cut. Plus—fact remains that millionaires/billionaires employ folks.
They prefer to hire low wage foreign workers. GOP wants US workers to be just as poor and desperate.
it's not about GOP v. Democrat—it's about jobs...And to your point, it's why a secure border & an orderly immigration process is important.
To your point, I'm thankful for immigrants who pick my vegetables, but I have lost jobs to H1B visa workers brought in "legally" by big co.
So your point is what? Respectfully.
if you had a better plan we would have elected you but HRC and @DWStweets made sure that didn't happen
maybe u don’t..,but trump does.
Also a family with two children earning under 79k would end up paying more with this tax plan. How I this good for The majority of Americans
Show me in the tax plan where you come up with that?
No state tax deduction, for one.
Our “leaders” better start working for the American people,instead of the oligarchs, or we will replace them all.
Term limits Bernie
Your right Don't fix McCainCare &PartD Medicare -- then don't eliminate medical deductions --- Not Fair to seniors and McCainCarers !!
How do you unravel debt derivatives based on overvalued assets?
Enjoying your 3 homes? Evr had a job in the private sector? Then how would you know? Just curious. How's the wife's FBI investigation going?
You do realize corporations essentially don't pay taxes cause they pass those costs on to the consumer. So higher taxes hurt the consumer.
Yes you do. The more money the wealthy has the easier and more likely it will be that they will hire more people at thier companies.
You know how many people work for the government?
So true Bernie. Look at what the Tory's do here
Trump’s plan isn’t to fix the economy. His plan is to cut taxes for his friends and sanctions for the Russians, before he gets impeached.
You do understand American companies hold billions outside the country due to the tax rate of brining it back ?
If they could bring it back maybe your pay would go up
Uh that’s how it got rigged in the first place. Bernie. Remember? You were there! #FirmGraspOfTheObvious #DrainTheSwamp
Says the guy who makes millions while paying less in taxes than the average fast food manager 
Should have voted for Hillary.I bet she would have lowered the taxes
A socialist blames the capitalists for being capitalists but they're not the problem. If the economy is "rigged" the congress did it. Fix the unethical congress & you fix the country.
Fixing congress can begin with you. When they lie, YOU call them liars; when they play stupid partisan games with our lives YOU call them out - by name. You want it fixed, fix it.
And you don't fix election integrity by ignoring the Russia problem!
No but you can rig a fix that way
You're just mad you won't have all that tax money to waste anymore. #SocialismSucks
, the poverty rate will increase again because consertives greed caused blindness & denie the history trickle down.
And you don't let someone who won't show his tax returns have anything to do with it period!
.@SenSanders and consolidating
all  power and control in society and turning it over to bureaucrats(i.e. socialism) will fix things?
Bernie 2020!!
@lisamcd152 NO BERNIE
you also don't tax the citizens to poverty so you can control their lives thru ... http://tmi.me/1fjJxp 
Rigged economy doesn't even mean anything. Just the typical appeal to class warfare.
You know Americans work more hours already than any other industrialized nation?
Stop talking about taxes. You and your wife is corrupt.
I fought for you to beat @HillaryClinton .
Thank God she cheated you and then lost because now you’re a nutcase. We need reform. 
Once again, you show your ignorance, which is why you were NOT elected.
Actually yes you do
You have THREE fucking houses, man.
You don't fix it by giving away everything for free either #timeyouretire
Oh but give it to you so "YOU" can distribute it? Dotard 
Bernie, become a democrat and comb your hair.  People might listen.
They are on a mission to take full advantage of this drump   person while he's in the White House.
Or lying to get millions of dollars of loans for a failed school
Bernie Bernie Bernie, finances are not you and your crooked wife's thing! No freebies for all! Come on man?
Ru u on repeat
You people do understand American companies hold billions outside the country due to the tax rate of brining it back to the USA 
Why do you support the theft of hard working Americans?
Sen. Socialist the big dumb a__.
I agree
YOU DO IF YOU ARE TRUMP AND CONSIDERED A "FAKE" BILLIONAIRE 
Exactly!
Bern, if you had your way corps and rich would just give ALL their $'s away! Lets take away any incentive for Americans to work! Get a grip!
#BANKFRAUDBERNIE
#MindlessDrone
#delusional #liberal
#RightwingSlave
Nor do you fix health care by forcing people that can't afford it to pay for other people that really can't afford it Senator
"lies my Econ 101 teacher told me" #1- trickle down effect!
... who ship med to high % of jobs overseas. Jobs, not trade for products.  3. provide tax breaks to corps who invest in building in US. 2/
#uselessSadiq #ubergate #HughHefner #torycorruption
Does that include bank fraud
Your right it's better to tax the job creators and drive them out of the country!We could all benefit from the Venezuela diet. Poverty 4 all
He's not!!  Quit lying!  It's for the middle class.
U mean job creators who are living American dream Bernie ? Why do y want to punish success while u hide money in wife's name ?

Oh, but the GOP does. #TaxcutsForTheRich
Unbelievable state of America right now
SENATOR THEY SAID IN WW3 THE ISRAELI ARE INVOLVED WHY DID THE POPE VISIT ISREAL; AND A MONTH AFTER THEY ATTACKED PALESTINIAN PEOPLE!
#KingofClassWarfare  Top 1% collectively pay more federal income tax than bottom 90%
You should focus on things that were actually rigged. The primary you lost. 
Do you really think he is thinking of anyone else but his own interests on this one?
He is all we got
It's rigged because of socialist programs that are funded by taxes. Get it stupid! Socialism is the "rig" in "rigged system!
Given the plethora of jobs you've created in your lifetime, you are not a credible subject matter expert.
Tell lies enough times and fools will start to believe you.
The only ones rigging the system are the corrupt politicians in Congress! How can they go into Congress with little money and have millions!
You’re right Bernie. Because Venezuela did it the right way!!
And you don’t become socialists a la Bernie Sanders
No you start by eliminating giving money to those who do not take care of themselves.  IT IS BASIC.
Depends on who you fixing to for...
@GOP should be with the ppl and DEMAND @realDonaldTrump release his tax returns before any hearings
Yes you do.
There's no way middle and lower incomes can drive growth by having more money to spend.
Wait

What?
I suggest you take a moment to look at her profile.
We also have to know what DT and family have done with taxes!!!
Fixed economy? Define that? If people work their ass off make money that's not good? U seem to not trust talent. I guess U never made money!
No

It's rigged because people DO work their asses off and hardly make anything
the legislative insider trading folks rigged it
Congress rigged our economy. You are all crooks. The ponzi scheme is over. The people have spoken and you arent the leader of the free world
Please help break thru the HC nonsense Faux news is serving its gullible sheep w/ crazy talk on single payer- US must get 1 plan for all
Bernie you want socialism/communism you will be snuffed out #MAGA
You worded that as though you have done something for us working class Americans
Hey Bernie how much richer have you become since you became a politician?
Exactly. They will get richer and for the poor nothing changes. Thieves on the power.
But it's ok to spend trillions on single payer healthcare? Politicians could care less about what's best for all,only for their agenda!!
The way to fix it is to make government so small that there is no influence to be bought. Can't give breaks for something that doesnt exist.
BERNIE it seems to me you think you know it all
Just stop, Bernie. Go back home and comfort your wife. I think she needs your advice more than we do.
Nor do they ditch supporters 4 a bribe, a new house &aircraft from Clinton's! Yr feeble Bernie  stop embarrassing yourself ..
Know why those corporations are so big? Because it's impossible for smaller business to compete with neverending bailouts by Demunists.
No, you defraud banks, bankrupt schools, and throw special needs individuals out of their homes #BankFraudBernie
No Bernie it's not rigging is freedom of thief from government. But what you know you are a leach that depends of the thief.
How much freedom do socialist countries have?#askVenezuela
What have you or any Dems made any attempt to fix lately????  Seems you keep voting to keep a failed and broken health care system in place!
Should have stopped after first six words. I dispise the new twitter format.
Who do you think pays over 70% of all taxes and hire the largest number of middleclass workers? Taxpayers First 
Thank u
Feeling the bern!
Right on Bernie
Or give it to a government that is equally corrupt and does t know what a budget is.
Fix corp tax codes? Fine. Heres some ideas: 1. close every loophole corps use to avoid paying fair tax. 2. Create addtl taxes on corps  1/
Crazy Bernie
Really?
50 percent pay nothing Bernie.
You don't fix a rigged election/undermine our democracy by sabotaging the one person who could have saved it. Your words are as empty as 45s
Meh. Not quite. There's a difference between believing too much in your ideals, like the bern- refusing to compromise, and then being evil
You do if you don't give a sh*t about the poor
Its like a riggled ruolette wheel only for the billionaires and corporations to benefit by prior fixing of the rigged wheel in their favor
It's a smash and grab we are seeing. That's what happens when no one is minding the store. Do something .
@HuffPost @politico Are you referring to the rigged economy that helped you buy your three homes, and got your daughter a $500k job?
You would fix it with breadlines wouldn’t you?
You're in the Senate.......you HELPED them rig the economy!!!!!
This administration is exhausting to say the least... has the suicide risen. I know I'm at the end of my rope with the republicans
Just stop. Despite the fact that estate taxes are for those with a lot of money, it's still a ridiculous double taxation. Bernie loves taxes
No, you don't. I am surprised that they think they can sell this dog!
