Isn't him n his wife under investigation for FRAUD.
Too late..you and jane have been exposed. Perhaps you can go kneel before your queen Hillary and a rash of suicides can keep you out of jail
Kind of like your wife's loan?
You are a hypocrite.
Ur just saying that now bc your wife made a back room deal that may finish her Career & Bernie's Daughter demanded 500k for a little work
You mean like your deals with the DNC when they cheated and you got paid? #fraud
You should have thought of Let's End Backroom deals when you and Obama passed Health Care.
Bernie that's the smartest thing you ever sad. You should have told people of back room deals years ago.
I hope you go to jail for stealing money. You blame Wall Street yet you act just like a Wall Street banker, stealing from students.
Think that's an insult to Wall Street bankers
True sorry Wall Street Bernie is a thief
Bernie takes NO spec interest $, NO "Dialing for Dollars",NO underground deals. Try again..
Hmmmm, and who's under investigation? Who's trying to cover and deflect. Hahahaha, I think a Cat scan is in order.
You have been vocal about Citizens United. Why not propose a Constitutional amendment for campaign finance reform?
Bernie, why did your daughter get paid 500K for teaching a woodworking class? Seriously? No wonder you are under investigation
@BernieSanders Interesting. Was yr wife's deal a backroom deal. FBI investigation! Bank Fraud !

Is that Bernie at 6pm
Ageism is awesome.
You and Jane are full of backroom deals.  That is all you know.
Wow that tweet must have come out before that investigation stuff huh!
No no let's wait til we have dems in charge
Says the one UNDER FBI CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION FOR FRAUD!
#NotMeUs Will Not Settle For Less Than #SinglePayer—We Cannot Afford 28M people remain uninsured Under #PublicOption
You mean like the one you and your wife took?
#SethRich #DraftBernie #Divest #DNCFraudLawsuit #Wikileaks #Jaffe4Congress #Medicare4All #BlackLivesMatter #NoTPP #DemExit #JulianAssange
Yeah lets..like how you distracted millions of people just to bow out to Hilary Goblin Clinton
Anyone who thinks a bill shld be put thru w/out hearings n in secrecy needs to be careful what they wish for. Not a right or left issue
I don't remember you protesting backroom deals during debate for the ACA @SenSanders
????Says the guy whose wife's back room deals tanked a university, bilked students and taxpayers--yet some how came away richer. #hypocrites
Start with your wife, first.
So shouldn't you go to jail for talking to suros and your wife for what she did
Let's end falsely taking money from banks and colleges...
Good idea Bernie, like the ones your family made to scam money on that fake college deal. Stealing money from kids...despicable.
Your daughter must be a master at woodworking....conveniently making a $500,000 salary at your wife's bankrupt college? I say, hang you ALL!
You will have more credibility requesting transparency of others whn you are transparent & answer questions abt yr wife's FBI investigation
Like the one you cut with Clinton and the DNC last July.. that kind?
Bernie Still Playing "DODGEBALL" Over Questions on his FBI Investigation http://truthfeed.com/bernie-still-playing-dodgeball-over-questions-on-his-fbi-investigation/87010/ … via @truthfeednews
hahaha , really Bernie , guilty as charged dude
Like fraudulent loans to a college your wife was the president of that went bankrupt?  Or how you paid only 13% in taxes?
Lets end bank fraud! Lets end socialism, the leftist KoolAid crusade! Let's get gov out of our bedrooms,bathrooms,churches & schools! Natzi

Like the deals your wife did?
Hmm should have given your wife that advice, don't you think?
LOL, this is hilarious: http://dailycaller.com/2017/06/14/claims-of-nepotism-swirl-around-sweetheart-deal-for-bernie-sanders-step-daughter/ … #FeelTheBern

!MAGA STFU #CrazyBernie
Back alley is more profitable. #bankfraudbernie
Says the guy that did the back room deal to steal what was it 10 million?
Like your $600k 3rd house paid cash with your profits from the Revolution?  #BankFraudBernie
BREAKING : Both Bernie and Jane Sanders Under FBI Investigation for Bank Fraud
HEARTLESS Jane Sanders Tried EVICTING Disabled Residents http://truthfeed.com/heartless-jane-sanders-tried-evicting-disabled-residents/86932/ … via @truthfeednews
How about if we start with Bank Loans and Grants/Loans going to colleges. Care to comment on the process? Bet you have 10 million ideas
Burlington College: the last backroom deal before we end them.

Sellout FAKE Socialist Sanders paid $500K to teach WOODWORKING @ wife's college. Wonder why it went Bankrupt? https://twitter.com/jessiejaneduff/status/881285958364278784 … 
So tell us about the bank deal...
Let's end backroom deals where there's dirt on you by hillary and you were a puppet candidate. Christian hating Bernie the bigot. #fraud
Yes, please do. How about the sweet deal u and your wife got from banks,both of u should go to jail for bank fraud. UR wife defraud students
hahaha! New beach house? What deal did you make to get that money? Hypocrite!!
Amen.
How else are they supposed to accept their marching orders and bribes?
Yes , and also deals on the tarmac ... Let's end them too.
Then how will DC run then?
Hi my name is Kody Smith I have an idea to add a CB radio  and more to FB messenger
#LetsEndBankFraud
Let's end backroom politics selecting candidates, politicians, POTUS, judges.... End U$ Greedy One Percent @GOP's ownership of @DNC & @RNC.
The Citizens of the USA want to be "In the Room where it Happens"!
Bernie, Bernie, Bernie, haven't you noticed that no one is listening?
You're a Rebel Without a cause Bernie. You have zero respect for democracy.
Dems DON'T EVEN HAVE OBAMA CARE so they are fine with it. People really are DYING on OBAMA CARE!
Says the Dems who get something for Not Supporting The Americans Safe from Criminal Illegals! You care more about VOTES! Vote Dems OUT!
Like what @dnc did to you?
Like your wife's?
ok
NO SPECIAL BACK ROOM BANK LOANS.....!
But but muh bank frauds exposed
like CNN and DNC
We need you to run in 2020. Please, Please, Please
It just occurred to me you may have grown a backbone. Are you finally angry cause you got had by @HillaryClinton , @DNC @DWStweets
Like the one with your wife? Or are you talking about Obamacare
When are the Democrats going to reveal the corrections to help the current healthcare, job, environmental, immigration and terrorism plans?
This is what I hope and pray you guys are doing instead of spinning your wheels criticizing Trump, which is why we lost.
Isn't that what you and your wife got caught doing.
Sanders investigation: Bernie's wife attempted to evict disabled group home residents, report claims
Backroom deals?? Your spouse has down that, and Obamacare was a backroom deal,get in the now, weekend at  Bernies is over!
Explain how obamacare was
Umm remember they had to pass it to see what was in it,i.e.; Pelosi, that's backroom if even they didn't know what it was!!
I dont know if pelosi if confusing people or you managed to do it yourself
No most Bernie fans are dazed and confused! But hey nice try!
#moneyoutofpolitics
That's a novelty coming from you Bernie Liberal Losing Hypocrite. Why do you want to end. How many have you made over the last 100 yrs
nEwS: sAnDeRs tO SeN. aLeXaNdEr: “lEt's eNd bAcKrOoM DeAlS” hTtPs://t.cO/V6CfYdGqTj
Let's also end Presidential candidates who are afraid to release their tax returns...
We must do this with open doors so our americsn people have full sight of and therefore control of our/their own fate.
"Sanders investigation:Bernie's wife attempted to evict disabled group home residents,report claims."@FoxNews
This is who #BernieSanders is.
One thing 2016 election did for @SenSanders: gave him power of his #VoiceOfReason & #Humanity aftr 25+ yrs being maligned by Congress elites
One thing 2016 election did 4 ordinary Americans: gave us @SenSanders> #VoiceOfReason & #Humanity. No longer ignored by MSM, Congress elites
Lets end elitests that pretend to care about poor & commit bank fraud, bankrupt schools & attempt to evict disabled! https://twitter.com/realjameswoods/status/880846829331427328 …
Sources
Bernie Sanders Daughter Paid $500K To Teach WoodWorking At Wife’s Bankrupt College http://investmentwatchblog.com/?p=704918 
That is a diy website made out of an unmodified template , whoose ads are typical of an untrustworthy website
What a creeped out pic!  Looks like you're one of the Walking Dead meandering in a crowd of unbeknownst victims!
We can only hope
Gotta love all the paid Brock bots trying to change the subject/deflect w the "fraud" nonsense.
Not exactly the best look for a homie facing fraud charges bc of his own alleged "backroom deals"
Aren't you & your wife the specialists in back room deals?  Your hypocrisy grows tiresome.
Pay back the $$ you strong armed the bank for and lost.
Except in the case of bankfraud or using political influence for personal gain
Anen , bernie , Lamars days r numbered around TN , hes an ass kisser of the biggest kind !
And all that smoke!
Do you hear the one about the Communist who walks into a bank and asks for a $10 million dollar loan!
He says that but drives this
You have a lot of nerve!
how about DNC deals and collusion. give back you 3rd house and shut up...
1% (up to 10%) & GOP money sources demand tax cuts since #39. US is a welfare state for the wealthy & delusional “wannabes” vote GOP
My Dad once told me that anything that you have to do in secret is something you should not be doing.
Bye, bye dear Bernie. You are a disappointment. And a hypocrite
Ahem...You should probably read this:
Court Transcript 
#DNCFraudLawsuit
http://jampac.us/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/042517cw2.pdf …
But bank fraud is still ok right?
Great idea. STOP WORKING FOR THEM! BECOME THE PUBLIC SERVANTS YOU WERE ELECTED TO BE!
Like the backroom bank fraud
Yea..until Dems are back in power again .
Thank you for sending this letter Sen. Sanders. You're a much needed voice of reason in today's Senate.
back room deals? hysterical! how were u able to buy 3 homes after loosing election? guess u really won.
Is that why your wife is being investigated?
Try shutting your mouth for a minute.
"Lock Step Lamar" is no Sen Baker. Too bad for those of us from the Great State of Tennessee @SenAlexander
No you didn't....
When you're not involved in the backroom deals then you're upset. Like your backroom deals to push your wife's illegal loan
Except #BankFraud
Give em hell. No one here likes him anyway. #Tennessee needs a new leader.
Aren't you and your wife working on a back room deal with the FBI?
How about you end your sheepdogging for the failed and corrupt two-party system?
Let's end rigged elections #BernieWon #DNCFraudLawsuit
Let's end corrupt politicians like bank fraud
Bernie everything you say needs changing are things your party has been doing for decades..  please give us a break,u are part of the pblm
You are full of
Like the one your wife cut with your influence? Old socialist hypocrit
So what, the government of the Americans has turned into a mafia operation?
If you put a end to them, you might not get your fourth house! 
Do us all a favor and GO AWAY!
@HuffPost @politico Isn't that what bank fraud amounts to?
After the sellout to corporate office runner Clinton, you lost all credibility dear Bernie
Won't happen. @SenAlexander is as sleazy as they come.

-Tennessean who regretfully voted for Alexander.
How did u afford house #3?  Backdoor deal with Clinton to pay u off
Unless it involves fraudulent loans #BankFraudBernie
Dies that include assisting his to commit bank fraud?
Backroom deals never benefit the ppl. It further divides, and only lines the pockets of the elites involved with such dealings. #Valles2020
While we're at it, can we actually have debates on the Senate floor, instead of endless fake quorum calls?
Please leave the Democratic party for the good of the nation. Partisanship is what keeps us divided and hypocrites..
No keep him no one else wants him
You've been asked for months by the GOP to help, don't act like all of a sudden this is your idea, you knew all along Ocare wouldn't work
Didn't you have a seat when Republicans were locked out of the secret, backroom ACA deals?
You should know about back room deals. 
That's a good idea. Why don't you start by offering some #PositiveSolutions to help the #FailingObamacare, #KillingDebtCrisis
Loving the honesty out of these progressives! Now they want to stop back room deals hmmmmm
Lamar Alexander is a tool of his donors
dems will never get anything done then!
How bout bank fraud? Huh, Bern? Can we end bank fraud, and throw lying, scheming couples in the hooscow? Can we do that, Bern?
@ElinaBeauchamp @OgreUasshole ok deal! lets start with unraveling Mrs. Sanders college fundraising & severance deal!
You mean like the shady back room deals that you & your wife used?  You're a typical liberal fraud & hypocrite. #MAGA
Now that your wife, Shady Lady Jane, cut HER backroom deals you want to get rid of them? Now that "you got yours", huh?
That's what said when you and your wife got involved in the 10 million bank fraud!
#BankFraudBernie
Now Trump wants all the voter records from all the states! Concerning!
I want to see them and I voted Trump let's see them
Thank god you're not the president
Did you say this to Obama?, you creep
I guess it's okay for you to end the backroom deal since you have your three homes bought and paid for by corporate lobbyist
u mean stop the lying killing oil greed that as infected r government
Can I trade? I want Bernie instead of Lamar.
You mean like the backroom deals you used to pressure the bank to give your wife that "small" ten million dollar loan.

LETS LOCK YOU UP!
Backroom politics is just my buddies and I playing XBox while we let the nerds figure everything out #DontTell
Then how will you dems and socialist ever get anything through?
Backroom deals are only for Bernie, his wife and the banks.
Too bad you didn't say this when the DNC was screwing you.
Let's put up a candidate for 2020
...until the dems take control of the senate of course
Good luck fighting the good fight. The world cannot be saved. Even this planet can become yet another hellish wasteland devoid of life. :)
Ironic, as you did a backroom deal for your crook of a wife to get her the $10,000,000.00 loan.
Is that like someone's wife getting a grant for a college she's administor of
BERNIE2020
Then you will end too. That is all you do is make backroom deals!
Let's in the bank fraud
Well then next election dont sell your soul to @DNC
