Black “family”, you mean what’s left of it since the great society,black family is reduced to 73% fatherless households.
How many times were you dropped on your head as an infant, Shawn?
Don't pay attention much, do you, Jack?
No. 1 problem--BY FAR--for blacks is NOT Trump, racist cops, confederate statues, inequality or "micro-aggressions"--it's FATHERLESS HOMES!
Oh it’s a statistical fact the numbers are upside down almost exactly since the inception of the “great society”
Lmfao u have background in stats, Shawnee? Methinks not. Keep talking out your ass, it’s better than your singing
You backed off your ‘muh  stats’ argument pretty quick there, Shawnee. Nice

No surprise. RWNJs always cry when you destroy their narrative.
normally I debate somebody, an through crafted responses I reveal a persons ignorance,I don’t have to do that with you,you do it by yourself
Let's #FightFor15 so there is a barrier for young Latinx and Blacks to get into workforce. That'll perpetuate #incomeinequality ad Infiniti
I'm so sorry for working hard for my money, should I give all the money I worked incredibly hard for to black and Latino families??
No. You should give the $$ to the central government (people like Bernie) and let them distribute it (to those who behave) as they see fit.
"White people don't know what it's like to be poor" possibly the single most absurd statement ever made by a politician
Before $1 goes to illegals or asylum frauds we should fully fund veteran welfare.
The problem is, veterans don't vote democrat on average, so that probably will never happen
This is rich coming from a man who couch-surfed well into his 40's. Your warped definition of wealth must include white people's bank-owned assets... i.e. mortgaged homes and car notes. Idiot.
How about stop running up credit card debt  rather than asking for more gigs
You dumb lying socialist dope.
So give up your money!
Wow...but there are surely confounding variables at work here. Also, what about us Asians or Indians? What do the nums look like for us?
its because of life choices. not because whites are screwing the colored.
Median is $100,000?
https://www.facebook.com/smashdatopicbreakingnews/videos/123017858370161/ …
Put the asian and indian median in we ball hard
Ssshhh that doesn’t further the self-hating, race baiting racist narrative
People do realize there's a difference between median and average, right? Median is in the middle, average is all numbers divided by the...
Amount of numbers
These people are brainless, so no they don't. "I DONT MAKE THAT MUCH THIS IS A LIE" = typical reply to this tweet
What utter horse  Bernie. Go away.
Socialist spreading hate and division
I must be one of the poor white people then.  100'000+?? Wooooottt?
Me too bro... And I live in NJ!
Not sure what you mean by skew. The numbers are tracked and are consistent. http://Dol.gov . 80% of Americans make less than $100k
71% of American workers made less than $50,000 last year
I don't know ANYONE who has that kind of loot! Signed: middle class working white woman- not hungry, but little to no savings!
So what's your solution? Take white peoples money and give it to other people based on race?
Thanks Obama
And this is bc of racism? Explain to me why 75% of NFL & NBA athletes file for bankruptcy after they retire. Seems like other factors here.
Yes, they come from a background of not-having and don't know how to manage their money
What a bunch of crap!!
The Democratic party has done absolutely nothing but divide America since they killed JFK someone better wake the f****** oh and MLK
Complete control started with the assassination of JFK MLK and even Malcolm X. The silence from everyone knowing what really happened
My family has been working and accumulating wealth in America for 250 years. Of COURSE we should have more.
What about Asians? They are higher than ALL?
Miami, don't believe any shit that that kook Sanders writes...I
I don't. Not at all. He is a HYPOCRITE and a FRAUD!
Anybody who listens to this and believe Bernie is for you look at his bank account look at his houses his cars he is the problem ha ha ha ha
That asshole is way richer than most of his followers. He’s a phony.
Then you’re following someone who really doesn’t represent you. Dumbass.
You’re a phony yourself. Your profile says “give love” but you sure didn’t give that to me. Fake beliefs.
I'm white but nowhere near the median...top 2% got my share and want even more with the sh*tty GOP tax plan!
Your share? What do you mean by your share?
Of the reported median income earned by whites.
So are you saying you deserve more pay than what you're getting now? I don't understand what you mean.
Trump is, he will never actually affect change for the middle class... follow? He is shifting wealth up to himself and his rich pals.
Where can I get me some of that white median wealth??
You're right of course but short of forced redistribution of wealth ala communism requires fundamental changes in society. Not easy Bernie.
Educational reform is a great place to start.
And that's who's fault? 
Weird. You probably got these numbers from the two coasts. Not middle America. 
Where the hell is my white family wealth? #communist
The racial wealth gap did not improve under Obama. It is time to stop voting for Democrats and start voting for Socialists.

#socialism
Why so people who don't want to work can have their free benefits oh wait not free tax payers cover the cost
You’re actually talking about the 1%. They take more from taxpayers than the poor do.
Exactly but they're okay with that but they'd rather watch the top 1% profit off of our misery and watch people die from lack of healthcare
Not seeing a lot of people dieing from lack of health insurance. Hospitals don't turn people away
Yes we do. Stabilize them and give em the boot.
Yeah I'm not part of that median, or is any white person I know. Let's try again.
My own net worth is negative. I don’t even qualify for the minority’s level of wealth. 
I didn't even know I had a net worth.
Whites steal our hard earned money!
Are you enjoying that welfare?
Women uber drivers make less than men uber drivers.
.
(Uber pays by time and distance)
.
FREE EDUCATION.

Its the only tool to reduce social gaps.

Its the only way you can be born poor, and become a lawyer.
WHO is GOING TO PAY 4THAT? ME? I don't think So! There is NO SUCH THING AS FREE EDUCATION. Look at VZLA I was born there!My Dad is now poor
Taxes pays for it.
Look at a better example than corruption drowning Venezuela. 

Look at the the leading countries in the world.
OKAY.. and WHO PAY taxes in this country?
Its inhabitants, like any other country.
They will pay, in high taxes after getting a job, so in a sense, it's a government loan paid back in taxes,,, no free lunch
You can’t accumulate assets if you spend every dollar you make as fast as you make it.
How about Jews??
Saweet when do I get my 116K?
Let's keep focus. This isn't about you. It's about how folks who aren't white have been and continue to be disproportionately disadvantaged.
So Whites have 100x the wealth per family.
1. Is that a problem?
2. How do we fix it?
3. Should blacks get richer, or whites poorer?
Focus.
1. It is.
2. Bernie and others articulate potential paths forward.
3. Discrepancies should be dramatically reduced.

Focused.
Either extreme I pointed out is a racist assumption to make. I see no empirical evidence either way, just anecdotal examples.
How accurate are these numbers Bernie? Am I really doing that bad?
I’m calling bullshit on these numbers Bernie. If those are the real numbers it is because blacks and Hispanics do not want to work
bernie is just a full blown sjw now.
Why does he stop at whites?  Kinda misleading.  There are other ethnic groups that make more money on average than whites.  I'll let you guess which ones.
What's yours? 3 houses and a sports car can't be cheap!
#MistreatmentofPeople
Where is Bernie getting those numbers from
Ok Bernie....give your salary to the blacks....thatcwould raise their income alot.
Look at the usual white denial
Average Jew family wealth?...
Wrong.
Show the Asian stats you hack. You know there are plenty of Asians in the US, right? And that theyre doing real good? Yes, you know, but you choose to ignore them to further your racist agenda.
Possible ways to build your "wealth":
1.) Complete highschool.
2.) Obtain a job and learn more skills, eventually move to a career.
3.) Do not have a child out of marriage.

Feel free to give your wealth away
.@SenSanders Curious what the median family wealth for Jewish families are? Why didn't you add that? Hmm... #JWOKE #thegoyimknow
It’s not about race
It absolutely is about race.  If it wasn't don't you think the distribution would be a little more equal?
So how much does personal responsibility for the poor choices you make in life count? Stop blaming other people for your own failings.
So you're trying to say that enough black and brown make such terrible choices to skew the avg that much?  Dude.
Again nobody home. I have done section 8 housing in DC, Baltimore and the metro area. I have seen THOUSANDS of families taking advantage
Minoritys lose wealth because of socialist policies that require welfare families to have no assets. You’re incentivizing poverty
Of course he is - wants socialism. Keep ppl poor-dependent on Gov't. POS
Making people "poorer" won't make you richer.
Hahaha.  Segregation is back I see. Awesome
Must be really hard to get anything done, considering we're more than half the population.  ;-)
We fought to end things like segregation only to have kids bring back --- Segregation. WWII Vets didn't fight for things like this.
MLK would be rolling over in his grave.
We are LATINOS. You have no right to mess with our language and culture with this “Latinx” nonsense.
Dear @SenSanders

It’s “Latino.” There’s no such thing as “Latinx.” Don’t poison my culture with your PC-Gringo nonsense.…
I'm sorry I just don't see this as a problem of any kind of magnitude. Maybe I'm missing something?
GO TO SCHOOL. GET AN EDUCATION. COMPETE. THAT'S EQUALITY.
Besides ppl like Paris Hilton and @deray, most get their wealth by working and SAVING. Takes a lot of patience & delayed gratification
Minority asians don't seem to have a problem Bernie. Explain that one
Now control for full-time workers and two-parent households
You should donate one of your vacation houses to disenfranchised poc
Bernie doesn't know shit about white median wealth but he certainly knows the other 2 families wealth,he uses them against the other 1..
Bernie Sanders millionaire share your personal wealth and stop talking about sharing other people’s. What’s wrong with you?
Bernie Sanders is white, he has a big account, a big family, a big account, a big mouth, he s richer & richer, should give money to war vets
Tell me, what's the median Asian American family wealth? Come on, tell.

Or are you afraid of painting a more accurate picture?
Nice Audi R8, which is well over 116k
How are you getting rich in Congress? Wifey ripping off colleges and you making stock deals? You're a closet Capitalist, Bernie!
@SenSanders I busted my ass to get where I'm at but I'm broke. you still want me to give my $ away, that's unacceptable #Hypocrite
Uneducated people, Who choose not to be educated! We do have public schools! Fail to manage their finances, not my problem. Not US problem.
And the people who earn the $116,000 should be punished? Then sell the house you bought with your voters money and give it 2theBlackcommty.

That's funny there Bernie. My husband lost his job of 32 yrs because of Obama. Knock off fake facts
Bernie wants another housing crisis
"Latinx" is aids.

Latino/a 

There was it that hard?
Damn. Latinos need to step it up. Making me look poor. My family's net worth ~$350,000 (Property equity + tangible assets - combined debts)
BULLSHIT!
How about comparing education, intact family, no arrest record? Then, you'll get a fair picture of what's going on.
U ain't fooling nobody,COMMIE! Under SOCIALISM they wouldn't even have that!U would take it ALL!&Give it 2 a wetback!U care more 4 illegals!
Why haven't you helped the Black family? Why do you continue to lie to them? Have you no shame?
So go and distribute your millions among the blacks and latinos. BTW it's racist of you that you excluded asians.

Before Johnson’s”war on poverty” black family wealth was much closer the white “wealth”
You blame everything but the root cause because race-baiting pays your bills. Black culture that glorifies thugs & black on black violence.

Didn't your party (we all know your a Democrat) have power the past 8 years? You've been in Congress for 100! Why haven't u done anything?
This is bullshit...  where i live there are a lot of black and latino's in nicer homes than me...
Being a minority gives you all kinds of advantages. Grants for schools, first bids on gov jobs, free medical, housing, food and so on
u described ur wealth Bernie  and Congress so why don't u give away ur houses and money
If it's unacceptable, you should have been working to create JOBS, rather than race TARGETED welfare (unwillingly enclaved voter) rolls.
Its a sickness of the brain. Some call it liberalism, some call it stupidity.
Why is this socialist disgusting TRAITOR to my country on my Twitter? Did NOT and would NEVER FOLLOW this SMUCK! BLOCKED !
Lucky for you your in the Top 3% or higher. Ever consider, there is more unemployment in some & that throws off averages drastically?
Bull Shit! Quit your belly aching and do something productive.
.Wait wait Bernie what is the Azn family wealth margin???? Is that unaccepatable too?
Hypocrite in the biggest way.This crook& his criminal wife embezzled & stole millions from a school &lectures others on what’s unacceptable
minorities are learning in school that whitey owes them and white supremacy must be crushed because politicians are trying to destroy USA
It's disgusting what your party has done to minorities. The war on poverty has destroyed inner cities & rewarded those who don't seek work
This says it all. Thank you Dr. Sowell.
Where on earth are you getting those figures ? Most all the white people I know have no savings and live on 35,000 a year. Your privileged !
(((White Family)))
Why not tell us median Jewish household income?
Well i certainly dont fit in the white one. No one I know does and I thought some of us white.... Guess not
Imran Awan and his family aren’t white, they were getting paid over $150,000 each, part time, as a spy ring in Dem caucus. Get serious.
Was this unacceptable BEFORE HILLARY PAID YOU OFF W/LAKEHOUSE? OR ATER YOUACCEPTED  THE LAKEHOUSE FROM HILLARY? As always HYPOCRITE
No way white families make over hundred thousand dollars I know I have no savings and I make probably a year 12,000 and I am a white family
One can’t report wealth but u can report income- In 2014, the median household income for whites was $71,300 compared to $43,300 for blacks.
U can C bernie sanders Manipulates facts- and correlating income in the absence of skill, intellectual data and preparation is stupid
#Breaking:#BernieSanders s one of top 1%.He should donate entire salarycharity like #Trump/#Ivanka/#Jared are doing
What’s unacceptable is that your corrupt lying wife Jane, whose under FBI federal investigation, isn’t in prison yet. You’re next muppet.
Haha haha, the only time ill have $116,800.00 is if you give me back the taxes you have stolen for doing NOTHING in congress.
I didn't buy a 300$ pair of sneakers.. Stayed true and spent 10$.. So since I saved 290$ you want to give it to others.. FO
And we had a Black pres for 8 hrs. What the hell did you do then?
Sanders family wealth: Unreal Size of Sanders' hypocrisy: Ditto
Race baiting hypocrite. your answer is to take all from, except you and your buddies, and give to the poor. Socialism doesn’t work!
You gotta be joking me.  I'm white, 61 and dirt poor.  I earned a decent living but took care of kids not my own.  Nothing left.  Bite me!
Maybe you could help them out by hosting a free seminar on bank fraud.
WTH where’s my cut thats ridiculous where do you get these #’s Our 1st year married we made 3k we make 80k together with 4 damn jobs!
Young black men don't think it's cool to study, get good grades, get a job, work hard or even speak proper English. They doom themselves.
You cannot give the Scandinavian socialism example bcos Scandinavia does not have our diversity &also not leader of the free world
Bernie not true. Those on welfare get about 45000 a year which includes housing,education, a food.
Bank foreclosures were caused by Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac and BHO caused it then put the money in Obamacare! Please research it for yourself
Bernie, screw u!  I was in poverty as a kid. I worked a full time job from age of 16 and put myself thru college. I changed my life. Govt didn't do it for me!
I'm offended by white median.... 50000 median more like it
Oh I forgot sanders you and your family bankrupt one of the college and your militia burning and destroying the colleges as well .
Ouch
Maybe you should check what the difference between "average" and "median" is?  You seem to have them confused.  Median is the midpoint.
Then stop giving government handouts. A 65 year old I know had his food stamps dropped from $198.00 to $60 White btw. Working grosses more.
If the those lowest in IQ would stop out breeding everyone else that would help.
and you keep telling them the dole is okay

is there a # i can call? 
to complain that you don't have any answers
vocational schools, speaking english, not voting for 'socialism', knowing when 'democrats' are idiots

IS THE ANSWER 

#effinahole
Have someone who understands math, ie not a socialist, explain to you how averages work.
which house are you keeping?
I am part African-American,,,but that does not get in the way of me achieving wealth! It's the fact that I choose to overachieve and not be lazy that's what is determining my wealth. Get your heads out of your asses people,,,and achieve/earn wealth!
No
No mention of Asian families. Why not?
I just lost brain cells listening to this total bullshit.
Well, we're still running on the Obama economy,  so...
But yet you can buy a $600000 beach house, hypocrite!
Elite hypocrites, sitting there with multiple homes, talking about racial wealth disparity? Why not donate a couple homes or that car, Bern?
You pulled those numbers RIGHT OUT OF YOUR ASS!
Present a solution with a plan. Senators requiring health care coverage they are exempt from is unacceptable. Fix that Bernie.
That’s because all the Dems keep those voters depressed so they can promise a better life by lie. It’s the Dems fault

And remember Bernie. You have inly worked as a public servant in your life. You are disgustingly rich somehow
Cool, so let's have the GOV take 100K from every white family and split it to the others.  Right?  SOLVED!
So how much of my wealth are you going to take and give to someone else? I'd like a percentage please.
Hey Bernie, I guess buying even more mansions won't make any black or latino family any richer. Stop stealing!!!
You'd be homeless and destitute too if you hd to get a real job.
Commie
You did to many drugs in your early days. Go stfu
Its also untrue. Selective with the info much
I don't know where your statistics are from, but I find it intriguing you forgot to include "asians" in your example.
But guess what you DEMS are the ones running the inner cities into the ground! You provide nothing for blk ppl yet want to protect illegals!
Not true
Median income for Nigerian Americans is TWICE that of African Americans. Let THAT sink in!
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ethnic_groups_in_the_United_States_by_household_income …
Bernie Sanders PROVING that progressive policies are just thinly disguised apartheid.
Why did you leave the Asian family out?
Isn't it important to point out - government policy directed this result? Otherwise alt-right strict father idiots will justify it away...
#Fake #Fake #Fake.
It's called focusing forward, education and hard work! Forget the racism crap!
Obama was in office for the past eight years. He left office a millionaire I guess he forgot the minorities thar he promised to lift up
This has been the line for over 50 years...your life sucks and these other people caused it and WE will fix it yet it NEVER gets fixed..WHY?
What's truly and totally unacceptable is the source of Bernie Sanders wealth.....
Bernie, you failed to list all the cars and houses you own along with your bank accounts
And your plan is to... do what exactly?
What’s your wealth?
Whatever Robin Hood. Catering again Bernie to the poor, lazy, and undocumented.  How about truly try help the less fortunate- education/jobs
White ppl go to college on student loans also. In fact blk college are sponsored by govt funds and minorities can go to college for free!!
Please go peddle your marxist hate speech to those who wouldn't mind hundreds of millions murdered in the name of the communist state!
Yeah, unacceptable. Looks like whites out perform and work harder than both. Hands in my pocket=broken fingers #SocialismSucks
Donate your  houses and bank account
