Another lie, there are so many grant and scholarships for low income students if they have the grades.
Amen !!!
The library is already free.
You would think that Sanders at least have the courtesy to tell the American people where the money would come from. Socialism does not work
It works just fine here in Scotland where our residents can attend college and/or University without having to pay fees. It DOES WORK!
Come on our populations have nothing in common with Scotland. Socialism always runs out of the wealthy's money then what cannibalism.
Not just low income families. We are a middle income family and I am seriously questioning whether it is in my 3 teens' futures.
Start in Community college and get the grades for scholarship when they transfer. Worked for my son
That's the way I did it.
Or just go to a trade school, those who say that you can't get money without a college degree have clearly never done a decent hardlabor job
There's nothing wrong with trade school. I'm sorry if it came across that way.
Not saying you don't like trade school, just sayin' that most people say that college is the ONLY way to make serious money.
We are exploring all kinds of options that we wouldn't have even 10 years ago.
Still think a license in aircraft maintenance is more useful than a degree in social engineering, gender studies or Liberal Arts.
Even more tragic is that after graduating, these kids find that jobs are offshored or they are losing to #OPT or #H1B visa scam. Disaster.
Igen katasztrófa de csak felháborodás telik tőlünk?
This livestream was amazing!  Time to face facts folks.  Making America great again means educating the masses. 
Not through so called free college where they teach radicalism
How bout "where they teach," let's start with that, shall we? Have you googled US world standing in education recently?
Free is not equal to or greater then quality education. #JustSayin
I am not paying MORE for some jackass to waste on a useless College degree, I pay enough as is. You want free college? Join the Military.
You are a white millionaire with 3 houses. Seriously, why don't you give away your homes and money and lead by example? What's stopping you?
Igen így van és mi teszünk valamit,hogy más legyen?
Yet you said nothing about low income kids HEALTHCARE? You let CHIP expire without objection while you wasted time on MC4A political stunt.
I wonder what is embedded in college tuition? Salaries, taxes, union dues....let's cut those and make it school affordable again
Yeah, let's make it to where the teachers never wanna work...
College is still the best path to the middle class, the best path out of poverty.
Did they have kook-aid at that meeting?
#RussianBot
#CommieCunt
make college affordable then
Higher education is a privilege. You are not entitled to other people's wealth and labor. You are entitled only to what you can afford.
Who going to pay for this? Me the American tax payer? I pay too much in taxes now. Less government, cut government spending, cut taxes
#RussianBot
#ClintonDrone #CommieCunt
It’s more tragic if you force others to pay for them.
So you are so self-centered that you aren't willing to throw a few $ in the kitty to educate future teachers or Doctors to benefit society?
Where do you draw the line?  I want to give to institutions or people I want to support.  No one should be forced to pay for other's educ.
Youre forced 2 pay for the HUGE tax cuts the big corporations r given youre forced 2 pay for military and their actions even if u dont agree
Corps and small businesses HIRE people...get them jobs. BTW, our gov't IS supposed to protect us, not make us dependent on social progs.
We clearly can't see eye to eye on this. All I can say is America is very insular, it would do them good to live in Europe for a few years!
The GOP loves the uneducated.
How Tragic it is the poor cannot afford 2 or 3 homes & $ 200,000.00 cars @Sensanders
Nothing is stopping Universities from taking as many students from low-income families as they want. Why don't they?
Universities over paid as is and have you seen their teachers and their political agenda!
Are there not grant s
What a waste! Get a frickin job. All Bernie wants is for folks to suck on the gov tit forever.
We also need a major increase in trade schools.
It happen all around the world
Drive through Baltimore city at 10 am in the morning. You will see why Some of these kids aren't going to college.

Both of my college educated sons are from a low-income single mother family! And neither one has a criminal record!
Do they have good jobs?
In CA, you have Cal Grants, scholarships, & student loans. Low income students have the easy route to free college, if their GPA is decent.
Actually you're fake news. Kids don't attend college. Young adults do. If they have decent grades there are state funded programs & loans.
Try tech schools. They teach a real trade with out all the liberal views. Any American can make their own way. Don't let govt hold you back
Poor children, regardless of race, have access to generous loans for college tuition. I am poor. I use loans. I attend college. Impossible?
Africa countries are worse than you can imagine
I agree.  I didn't know much about scholarships so I worked full time and went to school at night and that is very hard to carry a full load
Bullshit! I came from a low income family. It's called student loans.
And those that do end up at their dream school like my daughter end up with thousands of dollars in debt before the end of there first year!
And don't get me started on the cost of graduate programs as well as teaching credential programs!
Why don't you work for it instead of having shit handed down to you.

This guy is one crazy as communist! !!!!!!
Free doesn’t mean freedom
At one time, only people with money could send their children to college. Then it changed. It was hard, but we did it. 1/
2/ Of course they had loans that took yrs. to pay, but they did. Apparently we are going back & only upper class can go.
Grew up poor got an education finished my MA & now drowning in debt & worse off than my parents by far at least they could afford a sm house
Guess you could use tax cut and more job opportunities!
Tax cuts for the poor tax increases for the rich that's how this should go!! No one making millions needs ANY tax cuts they won't reinvest!
I'm pretty sure that low income kids CAN attend college already. Expecting EVERYTHING to be FREE does not create a responsible society.
It's not about middle class, inflation, or poor people. The cost of goods in 2017 is affordable. College is a bloated waste of money is all.
Kids from low income families have the same opportunity to succeed. They have to apply themselves and work for what they want in life.
Helping young people who are motivated to learn to attend college would be a good help to our financial base as a country
How tragic a career politician is a millionaire with 3 homes? You are why we need term limits. Give some of you millions away. Never happen!
Bernie currently students loans amount to over 1 trillion $. Did all these loans go to the rich. Explain this but then you never do.
An educated population only helps society. We pay taxes for weapons to kill people. So why cant we pay taxes to educate people?
School's not free working taxpayers pay the bill
Fix higher ed first before offering college to all. Too many people with BAs cheat their way through, and too much administration bloat.
Paying student loans 16 years later. How can US progress if we don't educate our citizens? Need to think of it as an investment not a burden
As the saying goes ,get off your ass and earn it
This ok but how will this be funded and from where???
This country wants to be about merit. However, it is much more about privilege.
No it's about socialism now! Or at lest some would insist! Trouble is  rich should not have to support people that don't help their self!
its not very hard to get a scholarship these days.. ROTC also offers a way through college.. If you want to be there, there are ways...
Who pays for that? Isn't the poor youth of Vermont on heroin?
There he goes again waving those purple hands around.
Not tragic because it is not true
yes yes yes yes yes, and and and and, let's have free homes and food and electricity and  and and  and , , , go live in a communist country

Didn't your wife run a college into the ground & commit bank fraud! Tragic wonder what those degrees are worth?
Who would clean our toilets and vote for trumpian fascists if not uneducated po folk?
You are wrong buddy so wrong!

What bullshit stats are you looking at?
Send those kids to learn a trade, not more government indoctrination.
I worked hard, saved money, and put two kids through college. Thank you, Bernie, but I don't need government assistance.
Thank. You. I worked hard, saved money, lived on rice and beans, and put myself thru college.
Canada does it right. So do many other countries. It’s not that it can’t be done in the US, it’s that the will to do it must prevail. #Hope
Provide details
Hi. What would you like to know? How it works / our experience of using the system over decades in vs. what we use in the US?  #dialogue
So you come to Us to get educated?
I came for the sun.  I love this place. I would just love to see it get even better than it already is. That ok?
Absolutely. Let's make all kids stupid on the the taxpayers dime. We need more electricians, not snowflakes.
College?
Who's got $ to have kids?
Educating society enriches society
"Elites" scared of losing power over dumb poverty stricken slave class
Bernie you pay for it with your millions
Two years free at community college, all you have to do is turn in your FAFSA paperwork on time. Paid for books and classes.
The Education Establishment; a study in mediocrity
How tragic is it that kids from any level income families can't go to Vermont College? Was this addressed in the talk tonight? #TermLimits
It's very sad-but I'm not poor & none of my kids could afford college. There is no middle class anymore
#TuitionFreeCollege #Bernie2020
Yes, I am the same.
I agree !!! This tragic needs to end as soon as possible.
M a y be Stop SUBSIDIZINg thAt SHIeT??¿
What the fuck are pell grants for then

How tragic is it that 4,000 kids lost their education when your wife's corruption cussed their school to close?
False
Respect  
I recently paid a plumber $200 for less than 2 hrs work . He is self employed and loan free
Idiot burn
The middle class families cannot afford college for their kids! Tweet that! @sensanders you don't care about us!
They can. I’m from one of the poorest towns in the country there is plenty of opportunity for additional education
The problems is college isn’t worth the massive debt it costs to go, lower that and people can get in! Or go to the military get a free ride
Stop thinkng college is not the only way! I hav a son in law who does Landscaping and does very well! Car cleaner ng even brings a great check Grandson travels the world!
BS Pelli grant are free tuition any one that is poor can easily go to college. It's the middle class that has to get student loans!
Wonderful, to have someone with ethics, and morals rfighting to do good.
Just a quick question. In socialism is everyone poor, middle class or rich?
we are considered middle or lower income and we do without many things for our child to attend. It is possible.

It's wasted talent that translates to an economic loss
Remember #Medicareforall? That bill that doesn’t exist? Yeah, @SenSanders doesn’t have the best record when it comes to honesty
How tragic is it that you think you can steal my money and give it to someone else.
How traffic is it that middle income families can't afford to send their kids to college without becoming impoverished?
traffic=tragic


Barriers to the edcation nd health shud b removed at all level. it is the rspnsbility of the state to provide affrdable srvices to all.
Just gonna leave this here....
Hey Bernie give it a rest and stop spending other people's money
#RussianBot
Free tuition works really really well for votes but does little to further ambition and education. Make it affordable
BERNIE2020
Poor kids should be able to not get a job after graduating JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE
Well put well spoken!!
Tuition needs to be modified but not for free. No skin in the game, no commitment to study.
Fuck college
Who pays for those professors, the heat, the buildings.   You Bernie? You gonna pay
How tragic we let banks loan kids thousands of dollars so they can be in debt half their life
Many kids drop out of HS & its free education.For low income there are grants and scholarships;I was one of them. Free is not the answer.
There are programs for low income students to get it practically free. The real problem is the 60 grand/yr families that don't get a thing
But they can.
No ok jobs 4 non-college-grads, so young ppl are in debt!! which they could b saving 4 their future. College should b free & mostly online
“College should b free”?  That’s a joke, right?  Have you ever been to a college and seen all the buildings, teachers, land, infrastructure?
Wow really !? What America do u live in!? Really its that low income families don't instill the drive in their children to attend a college
That is false. Many low income families work very hard to understand the system and maximize all grants, scholarships and loans.
False?! Lol Do u even know any low-income families? I speak from experience

They can't even attend private schools as Democrats have squelched vouchers. Liberal professors are overpaid. You never talk about cost.
This is what Bernie Sanders want America too look like...
Why can't they? I grew up dirt poor and worked my way thru college. No one gave me anything for free. By the way, free means others pay.
#bankfraudbernie
And you? What qualifies you to judge those of us who understand we live in a society, not an individuality.
we do, we just end up enslaved/dammed by student debt precluding us from employment or small business ownership
I agree, if we could eliminate 157 billion a year it cost in free healthcare, food stamps, housing, education Etc, for illegals we could?
We are hemorrhaging intellectual capital with the status quo.
This is the point. Set morals aside, logic requires a society values it's youth and their educations, or fall into poverty.
Ben Carson was from low income family,so quit crying and do it yourself
Bernie Sanders can't get 'college for all' in his own state Vermont so he runs to President Trump to do it for him.

#RussianBot
nah mate I work for the Samoans not the Russians
What is stopping them? I was poor, got a student loan. Nothing prevented me from acquiring said loan. Go away Bernie
How tragic is it that you elitist think they can’t get loans like everyone else.
You tell them Bernie. Stay healthy we will need you in 2020, if not before.
Didn't Bernie betrayed you by joining with Hillary?
Liar!!! I grew up in a block house with an outhouse. 5 brothers and sisters. Commodities to eat. Worked my way thru college. Go to hell Bern
Student loans and looking into trade profession programs. Electrician, Milwright. All great professions that eventually pay well
The poor can go. It's the middleclass that suffers. The poor get grants and loans while middleclass doesn't qualify
You go Bernie!! #feelthebern #TheResistance #BERNIE2020
And my middle class son has huge loans. It's got to better!
Free college is great, but I hope Bernie is going to mention how to help those of us enslaved by Student Loans.
Govt tries to make college "accessible", tuitions skyrocket. Govt tries to make healthcare ins "accessible", premiums skyrocket,see a trend?
There's no tuition @BurlingtonEdu !
Pls. #Bernie stop. Just stop.
Why?
AT LEAST IT WILL NOT BE BURDENSOME FOR EITHER THE FAMILY OR THE GOVERNMENT!
THERE IS A WAY TO MEET THEM HALF WAY! SET UP LEGISLATION WHERE THEIR PARENTS CO SIGN FOR HALF THE LOAN !AND THE GOVERNMENT PUTS UP 50%!
How tragic that Bernie and his likes are preying on youth and brainwashing them with socialistic ideology 
Say NO TO SOCIALISM
Student loans  My son is still paying his off. Bunch of crap.
I don't know where this information is coming from but I am a single father with custody. Our income $19,368/yr. And she is in college.
Create more scholarships then - don't make it FREE!
We've made community college free in San Francisco.  There's still books (tho I think some help on that), housing, transportation etc.
Try community college and working like millions of kids do.
I suppose that he is paying for it?
Thank you Bernie for always focusing on the real issues throughout the decades regardless of the chaos out there esp in current admin.
Snowflake. Be self reliant.
Everyone in this country needs access to education. Period.
If free, there are no consequences for failure. However, it needs to be afordable.
When I started college in the 70’s, tuition at LSU was $160 a semester. That made it@affordable for me.
A lot of people get loans or work through school. Bigger Govt is not the answer.
Well we know that the s election proved we have the dumbing down of America.  A society is only as good as it educates itself
College does not mean you are smart !
U don't have to be low income to not afford. We have a goodone We have so much debt from my brain cancer diagnosis in 2009, we can't.
Its time we stop that
Low income can at least get significant financial aid. Middle class kids are truly screwed.

The American system was designed for only one group of people to succeed to make others believe that they weren't enough, but its time we st
Well more blacks go to college than whites so guess they are taking advantage of grants!
Take out loans, major in a field that will get you a job and pay back your loans!
And they need the opportunity most, to do better than their parents before them.
I love this man.
Student loans like the rest of us. Please.
Trump: "fuck kids from low-income families."
Bernie: “fuck everyone else for actually doing well in school to get a scholarship and let’s take all their money”
Who pays for it?    This is so idiotic.
Of course they can...
They can.. loans or work through college..just like everyone else.. nothing is ever free..
In here Turkey and all over Europe (except England), it is free.
By letting people continue to strive for what they want! That gives you purpose , morals, and goal! Look what Berkley College is turning out!
To celebrate our public launch, .boats #domainnames are 50% off for a limited time only from Dominion Domains registrar. Don't get left in the wake, get yours today! https://dominion.domains/boats 
