Right? Schools, fire/police departments, public roads, infrastructure, worker protections should all b privatized.
Every American shld have the right 2 work for $2 an hour & pay 4 private schools, security, private planes & helicopters. That’ll work!
So who is going to ensure that corporations don’t become too powerful? Who is going 2 enforce restrictions against monopolies?
I agree w most of ur statement. However “mandating the purchase of a third party product”...were u referring 2 education, police/Fire Dept?
If you're reading this, you don't know anyone affected by the estate tax.
You mean if you don't have an estate there's nothing to tax? So it's mostly people who don't pay taxes complaining? Ah they want more stuff!
In order to b affected by the estate tax, ur estate has to b worth more than $5 million
Say you are right, that's still a farm or small business so what's your point?
Maybe this will help: https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/ten-facts-you-should-know-about-the-federal-estate-tax?fa=view&id=2655 …


I wish you’d remind people the Estate Tax is a PATRIOTIC TAX that prevents growth of democracy-destroying intergenerational aristocracy
My landlord is lamd rich &cattle rich but if somethin happened 2him his children one of whom is i
n the military would have 2 sell 4taxes
You must have a very wealthy landlord. Only estates valued over $5.49 million are taxed. https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/estate-tax …
He owns about 80k acres so yep he's land rich. He has cows that are breeding cows and valuable so yes but not cash rich hes a farmer

Of a farmer isn't cash rich and their kids aren't it must b sold or forfeited to cover the value of the taxes
Try reading the article, my deluded, knee-jerk, Republican-scam supporting friend.
Bernie is clueless yet again. Marxism tends to rob you of your ability to think for yourself I guess.
 You guys really don’t know anything about Marxism. I personally know several full blown commie’s and Sanders is not one.
If you don't know the diff between Marxist and Commie you don't know what you're talking about.
lol communism is in the Marxist spectrum. 
Well just gimnie all your money and I will choose how much you get back and who needs the rest more. Call it whatever you want.
I’ll get it out of the way and tell you I’m not a communist. I do believe in certain types of socialism
I can respect that but chances are you favor a purported goal and we just disagree on how to get there.
The us is not going to stop being a capitalist society until 65% or more of all jobs are automated. That’s something nobody can stop.
Cruz should rate porn movies, he is good at it.
Reality lost you a long time ago Bernie. #StayOnTheMeds
Says the man that preaches allegiance to a mythical being depicted within a 2000 year old dessert scribbling.
Bernie why should bureaucrats like you think they are entitled to take anyone's money  and put some of it in  their pocket and call it social justice. Look at the debt you are partly responsible for.
Tired of your socialist dog & pony show Bern.
What does the 88 stand for?
Their IQ
88 a neo Nazi slogan since H is the eighth letter. Or it could be birth year.
Oh I'm well aware of what it means and what a piece of shit that dude is, just wanna hear him admit it. #FuckNazis
Maybe in the few cases some 1 does inherit farm/small business they shouldnt pay tax while they own it, just tax them if (when) they sell it
The estate tax only affect estates greater than 5.4 million. It has NOTHING TO DO EITH small farms. That is just a LIE.
I know it's 99.99% a lie but it does effect 30 farms and small businesses per year,they could delay the tax on those 30 & still tax the rest
USDA estimate last year only .4% of farms owe estate taxes. Those average a net worth of over $11.5 million.
it's a tiny #,that's why the Dems should come up with a bill that excludes the 30+ farms & small business & shut the GOP up once and for all
Of course when the 30+ farms and small business are eventually sold they'd have to pay the tax on it then.
So you're okay with perpetuating dynasties. THat's what gives us Trumps and Kochs. They can afford to pay the tax. And WOULDN'T shut them up
I doubt the GOP really cares about the 30 farms and small businesses that pay the tax, that's just an excuse to end the tax on all the rich.
really wish more elected democrats were as good as debating policies we wouldn't be in as many wars if we had more progressives in power
Senator Cruz, if u gonna sell an idea, u should at least do ur homework...Being proven wrong on national tv does not help u with the sale...
From a farm family, we never pay estate tax
Smart business people don't, they keep way too many write off to pay any taxes and itemize everything. If it can be written off, there's are reciepts for them.
It's not smart people, it's crooked politicians 
The rich man shouldn't be able to write off yachts while the poor man pays taxes on food
I agree with you that a yacht should not be a write off, unless that is actually the business. Not sure where you are from, but I've never seen food taxed.
Not on your Tax form but when you pay at check out over 8% in Missouri now
And the Rich don't want us to get to write off our mortgage taxes
8% on food?
Yes 8 % basic tax liquor higher 
Right to much money
Damn, even though I own just over 9.75 acres free and clear in MO, I'm glad I decided not to move there when I retired.
Nothing Senator Cruz talks about has much to do with reality with 90% of the American population.  Cruz & GOP has been bought by the top 10%
WE ARE ALL, ON THIS PLANET TOGETHER, WHY CAN'T WE ALL GET ALONG AND DO FOR EACH OTHER? ? ...OMG
@SenSanders you’re a fool. You don’t practice what you preach. Thanks @SenTedCruz
Right. It has to Do with double taxation.  You ass.  You’re a thief
many large estates contain stocks, which are not taxed on gains until sold.  When inherited the cost basis is adjusted.  Gain is not taxed.
Taxing gains is ok.  Every stock sold eventually gets taxed. That’s not applicable to estate tax in relation to what I am stating
But the gain in value will not be taxed.  Kids don't pay on the gains their parents made.  The cost basis is reset at parents' death.
Parents pay if they collect on gains. Parents pay on value when they die if they pass it to their kids.  Kids pay if they use the funds
Corporate control will CERTAINLY look out for the “little guy”!
I agree....and who should set the standards that keep corporate power in check? Who should enforce protections against monopolies?
maybe because the government has already taxed the money remember the estate tax affects all not just the wealth you love riding that lie
It doesn't apply to the first 5.5 million dollars. So yes, it does only affect the rich.
doesn't matter who pays an estate tax is wrong you should not have to pay for something you inherit especially from a family member
That's a large move of the goal posts sir. But you have the right to that opinion. But the overwhelming majority disagree with you.
If you became filthy rich tomorrow why should I expect you to pay more just because you have more everyone should pay the same percentage
Cruz advocates 10% “flat tax.”If u earn $20,000/year,how much will u miss $2,000?4 some1 w income of $100mil,how can they survive on $90mil?
Well maybe the $20,000 should try to better themselves instead of depending on constant Handouts maybe that $100 million was once poor
Still hanging onto the myth of the “American Dream,” eh?
in other words, if the number is small enough, we can fuck them over. Go big government!  YEAH!
@GOP members and koolaid-drinking republicans think that rich pay the most taxes. The rich own our government, why would they pay taxes?
Why do politicians seem to become rich and I want to tell us what we should do with our money or inheritance sad
this man is a human being at the static it's just surroundings FatWallet has the nerve to worry about tax free money and parents that pay
Why indeed. Ithought the Constitution titles of noblity?  Seems we have them.
Bernie kills it.
Like any miserable person Cruz laughs at Sanders. Meanwhile, Sanders makes mincemeat of Cruz's point.
I'm sorry, but I work hard to provide for my family. I pay my taxes. If I want to leave my $ to my kids, that's my prerogative. Hands off.
You have the unfortunate position of having to defend neolibs when you are not actually one of them. Thank you for fighting to defeat this .
Classic
Busting Europe's wait times in healthcare was classi
Ted Cruz is the zodiac killer lol, but really the Republican party is killing our country
infuriating
Estate Tax only deals with those on estates worth more than $5.45 million. Very small slice of the 1% ERS
Yeah, but fake facts.
Everything Cruz said was just more of the old worn out lies of the GOP
Bern baby Bern! Thank you for your clarity and succinctness. 
#TrumpTaxReturns #TrumpFoundation #TrumpUniversity #TrumpCare
#25amendment
Bernie has gotten wealthier being a career politician them most of us will ever have.
Tell that to families that have had to liquidate there family farms to pay the death tax. If u had your way the govt would own everything.
Expand the inheritance tax to diminish the wealth divide.
Cut the aristocracy off at the knees.
#OrTheNeck
Can't believe some of the dumbass republicans beliefs and logic of giving corporations tax cuts
Who didn’t know Ted is a spokesmodel for Texas morons
Ted lives some other place than realality who knows where that could be !
Often times those that support or benefit from low taxes on generational wealth are the best case studies on why wealth should not just pass
Cruz is a despicable liar.
stop pushing the trickle down"taxes kill jobs" lie you freaking weasel . (4)
you want to help family farms Zodiac? Give them tax and debt relief. Not tax breaks for billionaires! (3)
not debt because of estate tax but by @MonsantoCo and legally unfixable farm equipment.(2)
kids sell the family farm because they see the ball and chain it placed on their parents due to debt.(1)
The real issue here is why is the government entitled to people's wealth over their children? This country was founded on liberty and property comrade.
the Zodiac had large amounts of fun reiterating the same lies all over again
That's the only example th republicans can come up with. Pathetic.
Ted Cruz: Don't spoil this debate by bringing up all these facts, Bernie.
ALL Americans
They shouldn’t pay taxes on inherited money because taxes have already been paid on that money.
Money that was taxed once should not be taxed twice. Socialists want to get their grubby hands on other people's money. LOSER
You forgot 2 things. 1) those earnings have already been taxed multiple times, and 2) it's not your money!!!
GO AWAY. BERNIE SANDERS IS NO FRIEND TO DEMOCRATS.
Many MN farmers have over $5m in land assets alone. Let's break up what's left of the family farms as they cant afford the death tax.
Bernie must be the ultimate multi-tasker.  He is debating on TV and tweeting at the same time.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
This should be on billboards and television commercials across the country. Buncha shysters running the country, robbing it blind.
To bad there wasn't any Democrat that could be part of the discussion
#CNNDebateNight Why does Ted Cruz does this to himself... 
Well, @SenTedCruz makes a great speech about farmers paying the estate tax. Unfortunately, it has nothing to do with reality. 
Bc Ted has over inflated confidence in his debating abilities.
Did you bring your taxes to this debate about taxes?

Asking for a friend.
Get you friend to ask for themselves. Are they chicken?
Did you bring your taxes to this debate about taxes? Better yet, when are you going to pay your taxes Bernie?
BERNIE2020.   CRUZ/LIAR!!!
Ummm, yeah, about that, Bernie will just roll over and play dead like he did for Hillary.
It is the "entitlement" Bernie, Most  of them white, privileged,  powerful and make their own laws

THERE SHOULD BE NO MORE TALK ABOUT TAX REFORM UNTIL TRUMP PRODUCES HIS OWN TAX RETURNS. END OF STORY.
How is that going to help you or me?
We are almost there now, gas, property, income, death, durable goods, tax
Those taxes mostly affect ppl who don’t have $5 million estates to leave to their children.
@therealkennyest
How many homes do you have Bernie and how did you get the money to buy them
I see Ted has said nothing...hmmm reminds me of last time he debated anyone.
Nothing to do with reality, just like Cruz himself!
Great job Sen. Sanders, you kept his feet to the fire and it was showing on his face too.
What u think is wealthy, is really hard work. A subject ur uncomfortable with.80% of millionaires made less than 100K/yr their whole lives
Way less.
Its a common assertion that all millionaires are donald trumps. Most make their money by saving & being frugal. About 10% inherit their $$
Cruz has no answer and he hides behind his "charming" delivery of the line!
Why doesn't the GOP ever manage to come up with actual farmers and business owners who are adversely affected by the estate tax?
How about having to close your small business of 2 years and liquidate the assets to pay estate taxes?
Estate taxes don’t kick in until the estate is worth at least $5 mil.
"Worth" is the key word, it is also only an opinion of a value. Take a a 1879 Carson City (mint mark CC) with  grade of Mint Srate 66. PCGS Grading Service has it worth $120,000. To a numismatic coin collector, that's the value. To a bullion coin collector, the value is the only
What the silver content is worth that day, which could be  $17.50. So, what is the taxes based on? The $120,000 appraisal or what it could actually sell for? The appraised value. Now, are there any liens or loans on that $120,000? Yes? So, now, you have an item that is "worth
What u r describing is a small business that doesn’t sound like it could b valued at $5.5 million by any stretch of the imagination.
You would be surprised, there's quite a few coins with high numismatic value. A Flowing Hair Large Cent - Type 2, Wreath Cent (1793) MSRD in MS 68 has a value of $1,750,000 alone. Between the two coins mentioned, the numismatic value is  $2m. It is possible to have  $5.5m.
You want a kinder society?  Hey Duffus, government is NOT KIND. They cannot run my life and my family better than I can!  #CNNDebateNight
If you can't spell "doofus" while making a completely unrelated point to OP, maybe you'd be better off with *anyone* else running your life.
You’re a liar sir
Increasing taxes is the biggest scam ever pulled on US citizens.  The role of govt. is to provide protection, not spread the wealth.
What exactly do you mean by spread the wealth? Have you been brainwashed or what?
The points the GOP makes lately has nothing to do with the truth.  I feel like I woke up in the Twilight Zone!
How many do you know?
Compromise, make it just for farmers
Ofc Ted is doing a straw man argument
$30 billion dollars savings for Koch? And we only get $1000? Repeal and replace Ted Cruz and GOP policies.
Why should ever things I have worked for be taxed again why r u trying to hold Americans down u Hitler wana be
Sorry to break it to you but America elected these buffoons...
Conservatives are always ranting about 'entitlements'. What about people inheriting millions of dollars that they did nothing to earn?
So if my parents start a business and work hand and be successful.  I don't deserve that money but the government does?
Why are you entitled to it? You didn't do anything for it.
Trump had one thing right lying Ted
And this too:
It seems like only yesterday that the NYT’s was vehemently arguing that income inequality wasn’t a “thing.”
Bernie ur still a goof and a commie
@SenTedCruz looks like a real weasel grinning while Bernie delivers real Facts! LyinTed keep grinning!
Who cares what the Zodiac Killer thinks about taxes?
Why not keep the estate tax and have a carve out to exempt legitimate family farms?  If this is REALLY about those poor Farmers over 5 mil
Bahahahaha
You know that's literally America in all those pictures correct?
Which are far from socialists....
Sen. Sanders great job which it was showing on Sen. Cruz face. When truth speaks; it uncovers facial expressions of guilt.

Thats Bernie politics, always ready to steal what others worked for.
You have to have a net worth of $5.5 million to pay an estate tax. It's exclusively for very wealthy people.
Ending the Estate Tax= guaranteed contributions and job security to the Republicans.  No other sensible logic otherwise.
I am not rich but it seems to me that those dollars, no matter the amount, have already been taxed
Everything is taxed when money changes hands. Sales tax isn't a one time thing if it's resold. Inheritance is income.
What does #TedCruz know about farmers?
He murdered one and left a cryptic note.
Bernie  has  the  receipts 
Reframe the numbers.

the 2 out of 1000

aka

the ROYALTY CLASS
Bankrupt Bernie is at it again, want to be like Greece/BANKRUPT!! A vote for Bern is a vote for financial perils !
Please vote for @BetoORourke & send Cruz home!
Says the Wizard of Oz
Go Bernie 
You are lying Bernie.
Cruz reminds me of Danny Devtio as The Penguin.
someone make a fact checking app already... sync I up to live political events so all the voters stop buying this bulls*t.
Literally, just a few hours ago, I had to explain to my parents that what they knew about "the death tax" was a lie, and they still wouldn't believe me after I showed them the wikipedia page that proved the law only affected inheritances of over 5 million dollars
It applies to farms worth $5.7 million.
Well lets see combine 1/2mill.    Tractor 200K.  Land 6-10k. How long do you think it takes to get to 6 million?
Considering only 70 farms in the whole us get there id say quite a bit
I hate to burst your bubble but there are a lot of farmers who have over 6 million of assets in their farming operation.
Considering a lot of farms are owned by businesses and not personally, not subject to the estate tax. It's 70 total family farms last year
Just because you don't like a number doesn't make it less true
Must live next to a lot of them because I know 5 of them personally.  As for them being corporate farms many families incorporate themselves
Considering it's closed 0 farms that anyone can find, and it's around 50 farms a year that pay anything, highly doubt you do.
Farmers that make 5.4 million do
Those poor 80 farms are so important that the remaining hundreds, thousands of other RICH people who have nothing to do with farms benefit?
Why would anyone watch two 2016 runners up debating what they would do if they could make it past 1st cuts of an election? We already voted.
LOVE to see Cruz humiliated by facts.
When will there be a tweet ending in -B ?

But wait Ted Cruz’s Brannon’s favorite #SatansLittleBrother
I tried to watch, but Cruz is so horrible. Not only a liar, but a smarmy liar. The villain in a '60s sticom.
Cruz only talks in the first few seconds. The rest is Bernie kicking his ass with facts and citations.
free college free healthcare at a low low cost of 10 trillion to the American taxpayer
Useless wars at the low cost to American taxpayers of trillions more....and millions dead. We CAN’T AFFORD IT!!!!

BERNIE DONT OWN SHIT..DONT HIRE NO ONE...HE GETS PAID FROM OUR TAX MONEY TO TELL US TO BEG FOR WELFARE
Has anyone seen their houses
enjoyed your #FindingYourRoots episode. I beat you I'm 99.7% AJ.
Bad ass dude!
Those aren't family farms you lying piece of Republican crud. It is corporate farming, protecting the richest of rich
@SenSanders should be president, 2020!
Once when I was a single mom of one I worked full time head of non foods in a market 8.00 job no car no bus no college in our town had sec 8
I am a home owner now my kids are grown and I will never forget how sec 8 helped! My son is a firefighter thanks to pel grant thank you!
Hopefully he will make better life decisions than you did. Where was the father?
BERNIE DONT WANT THIS TAX CUT..BECAUSE YOU WILL NOT BE BEGGING FOR WELFARE AND FREE..AND HIS JOB HE GETS PAID FOR IS OVER..
Lies.... lies.... lies. You have no conscious or self respect. HRC & the DNC bent you over, drove it home, and you are still their b#%^*!
Reality?  Bernie u've spent 30+ years in the 'system' u claim to be railing against. You've passed nothing! U are a political hack & fraud!
It has everything to do with reality. But let's face it Bernie, you believe that the govt should have the unfettered right to tax ppl.
*Ron Howard voice* it does
Yes it does. Thanks for the belly laugh.
Please get some hoses. Ted is spewing
This from you... and whatever underpaid inter is sending your tweets...
Is bernie that dumb..to say people paying tax dont make a difference....ooo i forgot he dont pay it
That's going to hurt #hemp farmers!
Tax is already paid on earnings by their parents.
And taxes are paid when money changes hands. Inheritance should be like any other income
If you have 10 million dollar n u spend with Ur kids u won't pay tax. But if Ur kids inherit n spend they pay additional income tax?
If you spend that money, whoever gets it as income pays income taxes. Inheritance is just income.
I can also spend inherited money. Income is earned. What's the transaction here by simply passing money?
So earned income should b taxed, but inherited (unearned income) should NOT b taxed?
Ted Cruz is a fraud
Republicans are a fraud.
Donate to Cruz's 2018 opponent, Beto O'Rourke, here:

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
Bernie, please run for president in 2020! Much love from the UK
Joe, you really need to stick to worrying about the UK instead of the US... but we will give you this loon any day
Kind of like you, pony pusher.
Farmers don't pay the estate tax. Stupid Ted
HE  RAFA  CRUZ   A  NU  NAME?




Wth is going on when they can lie cheat and steal openly?
He has heard of farmers... maybe
single-payer has nothing to do with reality neither..
It does for every other major country in the world.

