I think more effort, investment and invovation needs to be put in the recycling processing. Especially for plastics and paper.
Australia had to shut down processing plants do to extreme increases electricity prices due to renewables
How did renewables drive up electricity prices? Run on solar, hydro, wind or gas? Processing of recycling deffinatly needs revamping
Here's an article that explains the increase
The rise in AU energy prices is due to gas lobbying and elimination of coal mining.
Looks like the fossil fuel industry is still at it, trying to lobby and defend their precarious grip still.
So, when gas started to get more expensive, they diverted attention towards the emerging renewables like solar and wind. A common tactic.
Did you discuss how the @DNC stole your nomination and gave it to @HillaryClinton ? Or you ok w just taking it like a coward
@20committee @JohnWDean Are you OK with this POS BOGUS POTUS colluding with RUSSIA to get the USA ELECTION & DIRTY $$$$ in TRUMPS hands ?
Well let's just see what we have here. You better get some popcorn with that KOOL AID and a box of KLEENEX for your soon to be crying eyes.
Memory is good when comes to ALL infact Reagan lost his when it came to IRAN-CONTRA & LEBANON when 241 Marines were killed on 10/23/83.
Hmm so they called for assistance like in Benghazi? No they were sent as a peacekeeping force and where killed by a VBIED.
Reagan sent troops to stabilize Syria, Israel, PLO conflict. However, he & Haig both new that Beirut was hot spot.
https://history.state.gov/milestones/1981-1988/lebanon …
@20committee @DanRather Great new documentary you have to see.
Please!!!!! There is not a single scientific fact.
When blind lead the blind it's hard to see facts. But even when a blind person can not see they sill have more senses than RUS-PUBLICAN'S
Al Gore @algore  is uniting the Democratic Party. There are not 2, 3 or 4 wings, like Al, it supports climate action and single payer
Poor Canada, despite decades of free healthcare keeps its population from escaping with a huge bigly wall.
Oh I see. Sure, sure ok. Uh huh, right. Not a crazy comparison at all.
Yeah slaves. Sure. OK good one.

*sigh*

He has to start first!!
Why because hes doing everything liberals are against or your just following your fellow snowflakes wake up
BERRNIE I would say @HillaryClinton crimes far worse then your wife's but the 2 tear justice system let Hillary walk and ur wife NOT.
@CherieMortice @algore Please @BernieSanders Empower every US citizen to do MORE & cut Regulations that curb Wind & Solar!?!!!
What about the new @NextGenAmerica can we fight back on Regulations that curb wind & solar?
Only one solution. Replacing destructive polluting capitalism with genuine socialism.
Smh...
If Al Gore cares about climate change why does he drive around in a gas guzzling SUV, private jet and own 3 houses wasting energy ?
Don't look behind the curtain
He promotes all this solar and green energy shit because it will make him rich. He doesn't care about the environment he wants money.
Climate Change is a Doomsday Cult and you might be in it.

full vid on YT: http://bit.ly/2tS9vUI 
like the wife loosing millions
And for bringing us the internet,  and selling his channel to al jazeer...loser hack
Climate change is happening now
While @algore flys around in a private jet scamming people out of money running a con game
And thanks to Trump for implementing the best solution.
You mean fracking?
Stealing taxpayer money doesnt "fix" climate.   Sure enlarges elitist wallets though.

you forget to mention inventing the Internet...
you're like a virtue signaling robot aren't you know, you sweet little old man.
I always believed Gore would have been a great president. Voted for him every time he ran
McMaster has been a DC Swamp-mole all along and needs to be fired. Jim Webb, a Democrat who shares the worldview Trump a good replacement:
How much money has Al Gore and his cronies made off of "climate change "?
Al Gore - an inconvenient fraud who has made MILLIONS off of this and still jets around the world, whose home's electricity cud lite blocks.
In the 1970s scientists were screaming & warning about the COMING ICE AGE. None of us know what the future holds.Stupidity reigns.
Algore is a liar, albeit a darned rich liar.
Yea and he makes millions off of this bs propiganda
You dunderheads.    CO2 hoax:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cxdzm2fnA4 …
Fossil fuel companies are investing in obsolete technology and will decline in value. There is a god
Bernie, hope you understand that climate change is not caused by humans. Facts & majority scientists see climate cycles not human impact.
If he really believes what he preaches the first step would be to live like the masses
What solutions has he proposed. The elite could downscale that might help but no only us plebes should pay the price
Many people still haven't seen the movie Inconvenient Truth, and it's a great film.
Al Gore, like Sen Sanders, had Presidencies stolen from them under a convoluted system of chronyism. Election Reform, One Vote For Everyone.
Hey Bernie .. The earth has always gone through climate change.. and we should take care of our home .  But not so some get rich on it
I'll take people getting rich off of saving the world over the people getting rich off destroying it.
I think bottom line is personal responsibility.. right .. and corporate responsibility not profit that does nothing for earth
You mean thanks for @algore for putting out all those "inconvenient truth" predictions that proved to be false????  And only fake solutions?

Now pay him 15 trillion dollars and he'll fix it real good!
Clue: "Solutions" = $.... Lots & lots of $$$$.
Why in the world wouldn't he? He's made MILLIONS from the climate change lobby, I doubt he'd forget his bread & butter.
Schemers and scammers abound.
@algore predicted New York would be under water by now
Yet another lie supported by you and democrats.
Dear Bernie, I Love You and everything you stand for! Climate change is real! I live in Nebraska and it has NEVER been this hot in my 45 yrs
And for inventing the internet.
And he @algore thanks you for all the $$$ #ManBearPig
Too bad he had to give back his pulitzer prize for not having any scientific proof. Correct me if I'm wrong...
Bernie, Why do you support elitist power grabs for CO2 abatement as opposed to a carbon tax that would actually work?
the solutions are clear? Are they? Really? Pretty simple stuff eh? Stop the demography.
Wake up Snow White!  People are STARVING in the world (not you and your wife), yet you keep focusing that is not an IMMEDIATE problem. Why?
Yes, and he will continue to seek solutions while he flies on his private jet. Another hypocrite.
And for raking in TONS of money by peddling hysteria.
And making millions and millions off people in the process!
He's super cereal.
Sanders/Gore 2020!!!
Climate Change is a HOAX! NONE of Al's Scare Tactic predictions have come true! Fake Science from a Lying Thief Mr. Gore
Considering Trump's view on climate change. Does Pence have the same view point?  He's our next prez unless a complete removal of the admin
Okay. 
#politicalgeniusthemomenthillarylost
Why did the Obama administration manipulate scientific data?  Agenda, that is why
CHECK HIS UTILITY BILL!
Didnt al gore say we were gonna have disaster  long before this due to climate change
Another completely daft individual getting wealthy at the expense of the  people
he's made $220,000,000 with fear mongering. none of his predictions have come true.
FBI Opened An Investigation Into Jane Sanders At Burlington College

SANDERS LAWYERED UP IN FEDERAL PROBE OF BURLINGTON COLLEGE
Sure comrade Bernie Sanders
Yeah then heads but to his 20 room mansion which uses 20 times more energy that an average home. Fkin hypocrit!
And what about Gore's sexual harassment history? If he were a Republican, he would be attacked by the Left. Another double standard!!!
Al Gore has a conflict of interest.  He bangs the GW pots and pans, and then he sells carbon credits. Like a snake oil salesman.
You mean using a false narrative to earn millions?  Yeah, way to go @algore!
Fakenews#makingmoneyoffclimatechangeunetgucal
MIT CLIMATE SCIENTIST SAYS BOGUS AND LIES TO BRING ABOUT THE NWO
If they have the solutions, then why is it suck a crisis???
Is old Al Gore back spouting his BS GWing again? How many factual errors was in his "Inconvenient Truth" movie? How many of his predictions
Have come to pass? Zero!
Our world cannot wait for the next election. If our leaders won't fix it we will because we've run out of time
I don't trust Al or any other democrats anymore the always say one thing and do what ever the billionaires who own them instead
Progressives/Dems are very good at devising solutions for non-existent problems...then those "solutions" CREATE real problems.
How is Al gore a expert on climate? He's still mad about the 2000 election.
Climate change has and is going to happen. The US has cleaned up 98% emmisions, see images 50 yrs ago: to tax us is just wrong
Bern focus on staying out of jail... instead of bad tweets the few who can't admit you sold out care about
Didn't you mean to say * Thanks to Al for coning gullible people out of their money???
And still we don't have 3 auto-less days per week written into law.
NANCY PELOSI OFF HER MEDS AGAIN: The Republican Budget “Stirs” Up Violence [Video] http://ow.ly/K79k100K0jP   @3lectric5heep
If you liberals would shut up and quit whining global warming would stop! It's all you guys hot air doing it!!
Al who?
When you avoid the jet set life. When you stop driving in cars. Let me know. We will follow.
Democracy is nearly Dead! I hope @POTUS @TheJusticeDept #Unmasks YOU and your #Tresonous ties w @DemSocialists
Nearly all of the "warming" can be explained by adjustments  https://thsresearch.files.wordpress.com/2017/05/ef-gast-data-research-report-062717.pdf …  #fakeclimate
Isn't New York already supposed to be under water?
Are you on drugs?
The Waltons have amassed a 130 Billion $ fortune.  If they had paid their employees a living wage, they would still have a mountain of $.
#fakeclimatechange
@monicasloves @algore  ..and presumably clocking up loads of air miles in the process
Bernie! It's time to hibernate !
2 shoe salesman together trying to steal everyones money you really can't fix stupid
Protecting our planet is the same as protecting our own house, it's well known the roll of Mr Algore in relation of this important objective
Funny how scientists that support climate change will not show up to live debates on tv with scientists who DO NOT SUPPORT. CC is a THEORY.
The comments in this post is exactly why the USA needs better education.
@realDonaldTrump take notes 
Thanks @algore for the Internet too!  Oh wait it's Al Gore!
Manbearpig must be stopped
Climate change?  Is that even still a thing?
And for making millions of $ while flying around on private jets.  He cares...
Solution seems to be to make al gore super rich
Affordable renewable energy is the solution. We need to quit lining the Green Quacks pockets
Did he do this from his coal electric run 5 million dollar house or from his private jet
while traveling around theworld
When you  get  rich  selling  snake  oil , you have to keep  selling
@TracyHepler maybe you hang with both Al Gore & Bernie someday. Dreamy 
Climate change is in your head
LOL Al Gore??? The guy who scolds us on climate change but emits more CO2 with his mansion and private jets?  HE NEEDS TO BE IN A LOCKBOX
Tell me, we're wooly mammoths & saber tooth tigers emitting fossil fuels that caused the climate to change & kill them climatesalwayschange
Did they pump massive amounts of CO2 into the air? It's almost like humans are accelerating the process.
Bahahaha Gore really??  Go back to bed Bernie
Yeah and we thought He was the devil at one time! At least his watching over his earth!
And for making numerous 'scientific' claims that have proven to be scientifically wrong.
Where's he flying off to in his personal jet next?
Bernie was did Obama pay 3$ billion, commit the USA to pay 3$ trillion taxpayers money for Pairs Climate Accord?
yeah let's have a rally! that'll fix everything. a big beautiful rally!
Biggest issue on the planet and gets so little attention.
Oprah Winfrey & Al Gore for president in 2020
sounds good dont you agree
But he was wrong...
Everything Al predicted 11 years ago never came true!  FAKE PHONY FRAUD
Thanks to @SenSanders for helping the most hostile president to the environment in our history get elected.
I'm sure Al making millions in the process had nothing to do with it.
Solutions like fewer homes for the two of you?
Are you vegan?
The answer to Climate Change does not require more tax dollars.  It's called "weather"!  
Sorry Bernie! You and Gores delusional CC has been proven to be a sham by the greatest scientist!
Looney birds stick together!
I've got my AC on full blast!
Battle Climate Change by letting poor people die off without insurance.  Population control
Give your donor list to the DNC
He used to leave the lemo running so it would be cold after getting back from meeting or speech, hahaha, climate control yes set at 60 
DID YOU KNOW RUSSIA WAS HELPING YOUR CAMPAIGN? Oh, right, you admitted it this week. But accepted their help last year. #AltLeft #Traitor
Rich climate phony joins rich socialist phony to discuss wacko theories that made both wealthy on the backs of gullible followers
Didn't he believe in manbearpig

#ilovealgore
And making millions of this falsehood. Way to go Al.....
People should have listened when #InconvenientTruth first came out. Instead the US doubled down on more pipelines, drilling & fracking.
Yes!
@KeepsinItRealz Did he fly in from his 10k square foot house on his private jet funded by climate change cult members?
Your FB live was an epic fail.  Please say you recorded it separately for YouTube.
Did you ask him about his silly statement about fish in the streets?
Al Gore believes so much in climate change that he hasn't sold his beachfront mansion yet
Was it the loser convention. Was Hillary there too
Bullshit, bullshit, bullshit
Mr. Sanders, I'm a supporter. But, maybe you should bow out and allow some younger blood to step up. Like, Kamala Harris.
We know Bernie ... Trying to take credit for that as well?  Please go home and rest on your millions.
How is he trying to take credit? I'm genuinely curious how you can make such assumptions.
And his bio says editor, reading comprehension F-. Thanks for retiring.
Speaking of change Bernie.  Go change your diaper
I'm sure he did it for the greater good and not for the huge profit he just happened to make. #conartist
Watch "what the Health" there's yiur solution. Fix the cause. Stop treating the problem.
Chicken Little made more realistic predictions.
good one
That's what real politicians do, they are successful of rallying the troops
In short, the sky is falling let progressives of control everything and make ourselves and our friends Rich.
Instead let's keep deregulating oil and coal while we slowly kill the earth. I wonder who profits from that.
They're all about profits for their pals and both sides supporters are gullible enough to believe they'll make a difference.
So let's keep polluting the earth because both sides want money? The move to clean energy is a smart one regardless of climate change.
Al Gore has been proved wrong on many levels. Then buys a FL ocean front home, odd for someone saying coast would be under water by now.
Yeah thanks Gore for exploiting Morher Nature:
This is nonsense.
True Climate Change is nonsense
THANK YOU.... I was nice to hear some intelligent folks who a true public servants 
#thirdwaysellout
Thank god  gore wasn't around when glaciers started receeding  we would all be eskimos    who warmed the earth back then   hmmm
And becoming a multimillionaire with a massive carbon footprint in the process!  Ain't being a leftist just so cool?
All while producing more pollution than 200 average Americans (commoners) combined! Hooray Gore
Use to leave lemosin running while in meetings to cool off. 
There's some "rallying" alright. DNC lawsuit? "Crickets"
And becoming a fabulously wealthy 1%er w 3 or more mansions.

#amiright 
#SpreadTheWealth
#feelthebern

Talk about Russia more!
thank you for sharing your incredible insights with the rest of us, some of us know but its always good to get the refresher
He's a fine example to us all.  We should all tool around in SUV's and private jets while owning beach houses so we can watch the sea rise
Man bear-pig
Climate Change is a fraud & attempt to steal more of your hard earned tax dollars. Do not trust your crooked politicians. Bernie is the 1%
The government could say North Korea has a nuke that could hit the USA and increase taxes based on that. They don't need climate change.
Europe will be destroyed by Muslim immigration long before climate change. America's population will will be half after Civil War 2.0
Well you can start off by using solar panels
Thanks For All of those Chemtrails BerniePANDERS #SprayMe
I think you might be literally insane. Keep drinking the alex Jones kool aid
Ditto
Where I come from we call it "weather."
Thanks to conservative news sources for not only calling attn to your wifes bank fraud but also calling attention 2 your religious tests
Are you getting rich on global warming like your buddy Al?
Thanks for the Internet @algore!
