It’s a pretty simple Google search to see that the deficit balloons under GOP administrations. #fact
People who don’t have healthcare and experience an emergency go to the ER and we end up paying anyway. A healthy society saves money.
If your payments and deductible is $36,000 a year. Cheaper to pay out of pocket for 90% of us.
Hey Dumbsanders what did your buddy Obummer do to the deficit?  More than all the presidents before him!
Thats because racked up the deficit before hand, Obama decreased it.
You must be smoking weed. Wake up and read the facts!
IL liberal you can't argue with him. He'll deny the 50,000 murders per month in his state also
Since when do murders have to do with the debt, don’t put fucking words in my mouth
Whhhhhaaaa I want Hillary
What are you talking about?
1/ When R’s say D’s want to give govt more power or want big govt, response should be: “The question should not be how big or small govt is.
2/ The question should be who does the govt serve, who does the govt work for.  And D’s believe govt should work for the millions of working
3/ families all across America.  We believe we should be by their side, in order to expand their economic security and opportunity.
4/ R’s, on the other hand, believe govt should work for the elite and for corporations, which we couldn’t disagree with more.”
Liberal cuck
Leftists defend leftists no matter what
Revenues doubled so congress tripled spendig.  State all the facts.
Infrastructure is essential yet nothing has been done. How did they expect to create a budget and tax plan without accounting for this cost?
God forbid we should actually learn the lessons of history.  Nope, just keep banging your head on that same damn wall.
There is good spending and there is bad spending. A healthy nation is good spending however the war machine is not.
That's nonsense and wrong
You can't comprehend. You could get help for that but you probably can't afford it.
Shocking, the @GOP isn't sincerely interested in bettering Americans' lives?  
Many Economic Professors stated in the 80's, "Reaganomics" would "look good" Only Short Term & Deeply Affect $$$ Problems for the Future!!
THE REAGAN YEARS WERE INCREDIBLY TRANSFORMATIVE FOR AMERICA, EMPOWERMENT AND PROSPERITY ALL ACROSS THE BOARD.
urnuts
So many people don’t report that!!!!
#NeverDJTHRC Clinton calls for corporate tax cut http://politi.co/2yB6ChG  Corp Rate “uncompetitive”—should cut to 25% or whatever competitive
And since that day in 1986, the 1% has made out like BANDITS
#LivingHistory
#QuestionMore
Bernie is correct. Lower taxes have no affect in growth. They only redistribute wealth and increase the deficit. We need investments
are you kidding..look deeper..we had to pay more welfare thats one reason and paying for free loafers
Deficit didn't increase because of tax cuts.  #defensespending
Wasn’t there a deep recession in the US after Reagan’s plan?
There was before. There was low unemployment and high inflation. That's why people gave his voodoo economics a chance.
I think there was a brief spike in economic growth. It brought inflation under control. But longterm,Reagonimics has led to where we are now
Keynesian economics assumed 'corporate humans' won't do things that are detrimental to ruin the very corporation itself, just for greed.
explain. I don't follow.
FI The whole economy/housing market crash, humans were too greedy to stop before economy failed. (e.g.) @thenation
This random article explains a lot. The whole thing balanced on companies not greedily killing themselves tomorrow for a quick buck today.
Started way back with (before) Reagan, but that's when his "Trickle Down Economics" BS started. GHW Bush called it "VooDoo Economics".
Reagan also raised taxes on the rest of us, 11 times. Tripled the deficit. Denied AIDS. Iran Contra...etc...
How can you be debating about taxes when you still haven't released your tax returns? Hadn't @janeosanders had plenty of time to find them?
Tell your cult leader Donald Trump to release his.
Great job Bernie!! We love you 
Bernnie is not for America .you do know that dont you?
Question. What's the math around raising taxes, providing universal services, while still lowering the debt?
Easy, we pay double per capita for healthcare and get less. Cut out lazy insurance fat cats and spend less
Trickle down humponomics!
But, as @tedcruz pointed out, revenues went up. Is ignoring spending as the driver willful ignorance? Plain intellectual dishonesty?
Why In 2016 U had no problem with Trickle Down but viciously attacked DEMS & Hillary who focused on countering the same w GOP MAGA.
That was a BURN moment lol....
AND ECONOMY CRASHED IN 1987
He couldn’t get congress to quit giving our money away!
Quit attacking success in our country.
bb
It is a different mask but the same face every 8 years
Trickle down never trickled down. Reaganomics failed
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow#maga
Only because greedy politicians have the budget skills of a kindergartner.
Come on Bernie you know what happened. Dems agreed to cut spending but never did !!!
what would have happened if you where a elected  everything would have  been free
READ THIS ONE  this Might happen If Bernie Won. http://thelocal.se/20130327/46910 .  This is the right healthcare for US !!!!!
Funny people prefer to pay super high interest to others and cut taxes that benefit everybody in the long run
George W. Bush cut taxes on the rich and tanked the economy, along with paying for two wars.
Bernie gov. Is not entitled to take money from the people of this country,no matter how much a person makes . You make me sick
Spot on
Did Moses cut taxes you should remember
Let's take a look at what Obama did you put us deeper in the hole
Tax receipts increased after the cuts, spending just increased faster!
It was called the largest tax increase in history by Ronald Reagan
And the tax cut had little to do with the economic results. That came from Reagan's massive military spending increase.
#BlackMonday 1987 recession + every 10 years since. @tedcruz 
#Reaganomics #TrickleDown are a farce + a #TransferOfWealth fm middle-class.
On the middle class. 
The moron
And the same will happen again. You can't cut tax without an offset. It will bankrupt us. Nothing new to Trump. 

Michael Frend for Congress
The GOP always forgets the rest of the story. It never worked and wont now
But not on the rich, on everyone else.  He actually slashed the top tax bracket once more to 28%.
I remember that
Ever heard of JFK? He supported a "Top to bottom cut for corporate and personal income taxes." https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aEdXrfIMdiU …
#Liar #BernieSanders
@BeepsOkay there ya go! What you were saying last night!
And inflation didn't sky rocket or budge...
The deficit has been climbing steadily since Reagan and middle class has been failing steadily, but hey the filthy rich are getting filthier
Including an increase in the SS tax. With one hand he cut taxes for the wealthy, and with the other raised taxes on workers.
Bernie, why would any smart person actually believe a sellout like you!
bernie goes reagan… could be worse
Well if you want to cut taxes Bernie that got to stop spending but you rather just spend
so much for the touted trickle down theory, huh?
Why not add a tax bracket in the $2billion range at ~90percent that won't sunset until 2100. How many people could possibly be affected?
Keep hitting the extreme right with facts! They hate it!!!
I appreciated your dialogue last night.  Thank you.
legalize marijuana dude
Reagan's tax policies also set into motion 40 yrs of stagnant wages.
And he also set in motion the poverty we see today that was never able to get under control.
@tedcruz ... has been lowered several times
Source: http://n.pr/1Oatia8 
@tedcruz ... highest rate is 39.6 percent. Cutting the top tax bracket now would not have the same impact because it already
@tedcruz ...  when the top marginal tax rate was 91 percent. The Kennedy-backed tax cuts took down that rate to 70 percent. Today, the
@tedcruz ... revenues.
But liberals say conservatives' interpretation is misleading because conditions were so different in the early 1960s
How soon forgotten "trickle down economics" ... Disaster!
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
RT
@tedcruz Regarding JFK Tax Cuts: "To this day, conservatives point to that robust period as evidence that cutting taxes will lead to higher
Didn't they call that Reaganomics where are there farmers got screwed Royal
And wages went down.
Don’t be stating facts te gop is not interested in facts they never have
Every time you tell the truth, Bernie, a Troll gets a finger cramp typing bullshit to refute it. So keep up the good work!
Bush had to raise taxes also.
Exactly. And interest rates on loans went through the roof.
Why does no one want to pay taxes? you give $1 and it equals $350,000,000 that we can really do something with as a country.
You lost Bernie, you let #DNC and Hillary cheat you, use you. Your power is none
BAM!
it took Bush Sr to claim it was VooDoo economics to start to reverse the sad trend, and he raised taxes, then under Clinton bipartisan work
Saw that simpleton at the PA debate with Cruz. Thinks billionaires need a tax break. Lol.
You tell em Bernie!  You slayed Cruz last night - your passion is contagious!
81 top tax rate70%, Reagan dropped it to 50%, then 28% in '86 Tax rev increased from 517B in '80 to 904B in '88. Lower rates increase rev.
But I thought all Reagan did was slash taxes for the rich? You just admitted that your precious little claim about "voodoo econ" was a lie.
There was a 90% tax rate on rich during Eisenhower. We had huge job growth. Rec KS gop redu tax rates & econ tankd: CA raised tax Econ booms
18% int On mortgages Autos were 20%. Wages stagnant as was jobs growth. It was terrible. No1 afford home/autos or sell either.


#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
Go ahead and bash Reagan. Good luck in growing your brand that way.
Proving once again that tax breaks for the wealthy help no one and move the country closer to bankruptcy
It jumpstarted the economy and we had growth for 20 years! Now we have trillions overseas,we need tax relief now !
Because congress wouldn't cut spending.  Just follow the constitution and we wouldn't have 18 trillion in debt
Obviously you didn't listen to @StephanieKelton or you're lying about the debt and deficits!
Reagan shifted the tax burden to the working class--as in, people who actually do work for their money.
followed by Bush. Sr., who famously campaigned on "Read my lips: no new taxes!" #WeAreLivingInThePast.  Rich will find ways to bypass it.
That's why I never really thought he was great.. nice guy, sure. But GOPer, seems rich helping rich get more
#FACTSMATTER Reject this presidents lies, lack of compassion and greed.
Then Big Recession in 87 cause of crazy deficits!  
Same will happen this time with Trump's Plan! 
Sad!
But, Trump won't care about that as long as his billionaire friends keep telling him he's doing a good job.
Shouldn't tax cuts also come w/ gov't spending cuts? If the gov't keeps spending more & more deficit will increase. What do u want 2 cut?
Why use fake new to make your point? What else was going on in the world that could have impacted the deficit?
You didn't mention Tip O'Neill going on a Congressional Spending Spree.... Agenda Much Bernie?  You should be channeling Jack Kennedy
And we slipped into a recession. Trickle down doesn't work. Anywhere. Never.
Going to inject a little reality here. This might hurt a little. http://stats.areppim.com/stats/stats_usxbudget_history.htm …
And even THERE, many of the gains were attributed to spending on infrastructure.
Love this fake image ppl have about Reagan never raising taxes. #FantasyReagan is not supported by evidence
Bernie, how much did the deficit go up under Obama, with no growth?  Wake up, and take 2 Geritol. 
Lies. Another history re-write.
#math #history #UnfitToBePresident
.@SenTedCruz here you go #LyingTed - the real information!
So weird! It’s almost like the trickle down theory doesn’t work! Has someone told the rich white assholes that run our government?
Gov't deficit is the non-governmental sector's profit. You & I are part of the non-governmental sector. Common sense, People!
Revenue to the gov't increased b/c of economic growth.  The debt grew b/c Cong. increased spending even more.
He absolutely did. When I tell people that their God did This...they absolutely refuse to believe this.
Bernie, Nothing like Obama’s increased deficits without any tax cuts. Do your math Bernie! Stop spending!
Not entitled to your own facts
Really?? Then maybe you can produce proof when trickle down economics ever worked in the history of the US economy. Facts only.
We are talking tax cuts.  From Kennedy thru Reagan each resulted in economic growth. If u have more money you spend more. Pretty simple
Look at the tax raises in the 90s between 08 and present really
Do Republicans repress things they don't like to remember?  Why repeat the past admit something doesn't work. Try something else.
My taxes went up because he took away many deductions. Health insurance & HC costs, interest on CC & auto loans, union dues, etc.
Waiting in line for toilet paper, food and medicine while paying thousands more in taxes sounds like fun
He had to.  Tip O'neill reneged on his promise to cut spending.
lets spend tax $ on ppl not on big corps and 1%!
Bernie supporters are excited that Bernie is going to take money from rich people and buy birth control, abortions, and unicorns for all!
Reagan also slashed social security disability benefits for families like mine. I was 10. It was devastating and I remember it clearly.
*cough*spending not revenue*cough*
Sen. Sanders. You know better. Federal taxes DO NOT fund spending. We can afford free health care now. #CNNDebateNight
The problem lies with a POTUS whose only way to get out of dept is to claim bankruptcy. Who’s going to bail US out of this one
#CruzGotBERNED 
#CNNDebateNight #FeelTheBern 
.Nice try Bern...tell the rest of the facts!
Why not just move to a commie country. There's alot of them. Leave us freedom lovers alone please.
You lost all credibility,  when you signed on with Clinton,  sit down fool !

You can have either:
-low taxes or low deficits; not both
-low welfare or low wages; not both
-more wars or more allies; not both
There is #trickledown of greedy man at dinner table who grabs all the food at the table and says there will be bits in his shit for others.

Remember "READ MY LIPS NO NEW TAXES?" after failed tax breaks had to raise 4 times to catch back up! Remenber? It dont work
And Congress
Yep so much for trickle down economics
Hey, Sanders: Where are YOUR taxes? Jane's had plenty of time to find 'em.
Where are Trumps? After all, HE'S the prez, not Bernie. Focus!
Smart man with the capability of also using common sense. It’s such a shame so many other politicians are blind to this.
I wish you wouldn't have endorsed Hillary and I wish you weren't in cahoots with the DemonicRat's. Both ruined it for this voter.
Same here.But,I understand what he's trying to accomplish.
#TedCruz half truth
Thank you, Senator
The proposed tax reform by trump isn't trickle down economics.
Yeah he raised taxes on the middle class and poor.
Obama increased the taxes and both the deficit and debt increased. What’s your point?
Politicians who look at the US Debt and don't see a spending problem are the problem.
Shame on you - $3 trillion in 1987 to $20 trillion now. You think none of your so called supporters can research?  Free opioids for everyone
Didn't he raise taxes on the middle class a total of 11 times in the 80's???
And JFK cut the top rate down from the 90% bracket after all that Cold War, Korea spending. Elvis was one who was heavily taxed.
We don't have a taxation problem, we have a spending problem. Time for bed Grandpa
U know he changed he changed the tax system to give rich people the advantage.  He is protecting his kids when he dies
He raised taxes on the middle class.
@SenSanders Reagan raised taxes 11 times
Dems have increased taxes and the deficit has doubled. What's your point commie
at the time the party line was "the tide will lift all boats" I'm middle class and my boat was nailed squarely to the bottom
he also began taxing Social Security and unemployment....punishing 2 groups that can least afford it...repeal those please
Because he fought the Cold War. And *won*.
Exactly. Had he not cut taxes, the deficit would have been even higher. But he also made the world safer. I guess Dems put a price on that.
So the world would be safer with the USSR in existence? lol And yeah, that is how you win a COLD WAR.
The USSR backed our enemies in several wars. It was definitely more than just ideological differences.
Crash of '82 and the S&L crap killed edu for the GLOBAL class of ''83!
@HouseGOP SNORTED and DRANK up our TRUST!
Should have brought up Kansas, home of the Koch Bros. The GOP is trying to expand the Brownback cuts across the nation & it's hurt KS a lot.
get all rich people out of our elections and legislatures
Also helped sink his successor since after promising "No New! Taxes!" Bush Sr. conceded to necessity & raised #taxes closer to 1981 rates
Kind disingenuous
Because Democrats refused to follow through on promised spending cuts. Even after those increases taxes when from 71% to 28%
That's why the press badgered Bush until he said read my lips. A promis he broke. Why? Because it was reasonable to do so.
Cutting spending when it has been cut to the bone already. To whom do you wish to cut, military, medicine, highways, education pensions what
You did good tonight Bernie, you told both sides, why we tax and what taxes pay for. Better argument would be that gvt spending creates jobs
Ted Cruz is a lier with his 1980 charts it’s 2017 Ted it didn’t work then it’s a scam. Let’s ask how many Ft.500 will increase wages?None
Ok well Obama raised taxes and the deficit doubled so.....
Reagan did so much damage to the middle class in so many ways; we’re still suffering from his decisions.
" BUY ME A NEW PICKUP TRUCK BERN KNEE AND I'M NOT GOING TO PAY YOU BACK. WHY WOULD I?
The National Debt was 8 Trillion Dollars for the first 43 Presidents, it doubled under the 44th pResident. Who do you blame for that?
80 is also know as the murder decade.....hhhmmmm
That's right!!!

Ahhh, the times of the Reagan Administration no Republicans like to talk about...
