That's an estimated 28000 deaths from lack of insurance extra each year
So what. That doesn't justify the taxpayers paying the tab.
how about we save money for taxpayers while helping our fellow americans and providing better quality?
Just how many people is each taxpayer responsible to support?
himself, and everyone else. its an insurance people. when we are young and healthy we pay for the sick and the old
There's no law that disallows you to purchase health insurance for your fellow citizens, if you're so concerned.
the only way health insurance companies make money is if they deny people coverage. cause sick people are costy
Funny how people under investigation find God...REAL QUICK!!!...

3 houses and counting...nice porsche...
Funny how people fall for smear stories without checking up facts

read this one
LMAO, hearsay...so what?! WTF you think is going on w/ the #Russiahoax !...besides, I like this one...from the hill
the man who started all of this is known for political attacks on vermont politicians. i rather if people attack him on his policies
Fair enough he's a socialist and his policies lean that way...bigger gov't? I don't TRUST the gov't...do you? But, you have a RIGHT to ur o
its not about big government its about having government in the right sectors. to me healthcare is a one.
How about the millions of us that lost excellent healthcare insurance as a result of Obamacare. You don't seem to care abou that.
yes he does, thats why he proposes a medicaire for all single payer system. he will introduce a bill next week
A socialist package that makes everyone dependent on the government. No thank you.
it is socialist. the question is should we cover everyone and not deny people heakthcare or should we continue to have 40000 deaths a year
You're going to end up with the UK system where beaurocrats will say whether or not your life is worth saving. #CharlieGard I don't trust em
we have 40000 dying each year from lack of coverage. who are we to lecture the UK.

Thank you both for your leadership in advocating for justice and equity for all.
Here is a message to the religious leaders... GET A JOB.  GO TO WORK.  TAKE CARE OF YOUR OWN KIDS.  STOP DEMANDING HANDOUTS

A meme using a Islamist figure does not prove a point.
It is not the duty of taxpayers to pay for health care for everyone else! Taking from my pay for social programs is forced charity, theft!
Here's and idea Bernie,havethese folks start paying for their insurance/healthcare instead of placing on the backs of hardworking Americans
Bernie, you wouldn't http://understand.You  have a special Senate deal. Until you can start paying for your own, you don't have clear view
Furthermore, until Americans like you realize that you must work to get, let me slow that down(woooorrrrkkk tooo reeecccceivvve) new concept
These fake Christian Republicans, seem to be the the Wolves in Sheep clothing the Bible speaks of, Unfortunate alot of Americans are blind.
AND THEIR MESSAGE IS THAT BERNIE SANDERS SUPPORTS KILLING UNBORN BABIES... IGNORE ANYTHING BERNIE SAYSKILLING IS NOT HEALTHCARE
Not being able to afford healthcare is not healthcare either, pilgrim.
I'm not a pilgrim and you are allowed to move its a free country. Earn it or are you maybe lazy.
I've been working the same place for da last 34 years. I work more days or hours than u ever will. Who's lazy-now, chicken hawk? 
I WILL NEVER OR SUPPORT KILLING BABIES AS HEALTHCARE OR MEDICAL SERVICES... I WHOLEHEARTEDLY SUPPORT MEDICAL CARE FOR ANYONE IN NEED
What's with all the caps dude?
I'M SCREAMING 
@SenSanders was A no vote on tougher sanctions against #Russiansanctions
Maybe they should get jobs??? What about those who cant afford the costs of Obamacare? (what an oxymoron that is), Mr free everything?
Lol
Your comments does not include all religious leaders.  Don't exergerate Mr. Sanders.
You could convert one of your three estates into a caregiving facility.
Like yer poor and live under a bridge. Why don't u tell the prez 2 com up wit a good health care plan & quit acting like an arse hat.
I've got more money than I know what to do with, but I don't run around telling everyone else they're evil unless they hand it to gov't
Rich Americans paid 94-92% tax for decades and the country flourished. Now they want to pay less than 15% and say jobs will come back. 
But guys like Tony don't want to pay anything. He feels entitled. 
Your very good at talking at not producing any bills, why, because you can't support your words !! Snake Oil Salesman !!!
@RepRichHudson you need to listen to these folks. I walked away from the church because they were not living the tenants of faith.
I have been saying for years that you carry the words of Jesus more than any other politician and yes I know the irony.
"I like your Christ.  I do not like your Christians.  Your Christians are so unlike your Christ." -Ghandi
Nothing drives me crazier than "Christians" quoting Ghandi or Buddha
They could care less about actual people. They use religion to help themselves feel superior to others.
What about the millions that lost theirs due to ACA and government regulation.  Where were these "religious leaders" then ?
You can't take away a free gift that has not yet been given. But you can decide not to give it away anymore.
Do they understand that Obama isn't part of their religion? Have they forgotten the separation of church & state? And you're a Marxist! 
Damn.......Trump is fuckin up
You do realize Jesus didn't take from 1 to give to another. He gave himself
She destroyed herself #IAmNotASuperPredator #FrackingQueen #250kspeeches
No, it happened, but yes, times were different when she said it.
of course they are black lol
Instead of all this emotional crap, why not bring forward your bill for single payer, and how you will pay for it, the CBO will end that lie
Tax payers should not be paying for others to have full health care why they work to have nothing!!
you do realize the poor had the same health pre Obamacare don't you?
nope, medicaid got expanded with 14 million more insured under that. what we now need is medicaire for all
to bad Bernie dropped out after the Obama visit. your are pro socialism?
i am a social democrat. yes. i want to cover every single american and save money sure. i am for medicaire for all
Bernie -socialized medicine doesn't work. #SinglePayerNow
Ah the athiest plays the religious card...time to block your desperately grasping feed
Yes, all of these people like to spend other people's money
actually we all do thats insurance you pool resources together to avoid risk. the young and healthy pay for the old and the sick.
We don't all pay taxes that goes to pay for that
under medicaire for all thats the plan. we pay taxes instead of premiums. and we end up saving money. covering all. and get better quality
Bull
would you like some stats?
UK medical establishment closed ranks on #CharlieGard's parents & the state took away their rights. Change requiredNigel
its a one case. mainly caused by a 20% to the NHS by the tories
"...easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle..."
What is the eye of a needle look it up it isn't impossible
My comment was a dig on the people who believe in the prosperity Bible.
Have you heard of taking responsibilities of your loses and mistakes
Obama care is causing premiums to rise and forcing people to pay a mandated tax. We should insure out poor, but we should make it fair.
I read about that in "Understanding Trump", I know.
God is a nebula. We are all star dust.
Hmm can't answer can you! Have to get the religious leaders to talk for you!
"It is time to stop cloaking greed in religious language." 
I think there is a commandment about this somewhere.. It seems like it's in a list of about ten.
God is watching and will remember each and every one of you..shame shame shame shame shame
Its a right!!!
I think this is the dumbest thing I've seen all day

The Senate chamber broke out into laughter as the vote ended when a Bernie Sanders/John McCain hug turned into something resembling a waltz




Heres a thought Crazy Bernie. Repeal & REMOVE govt!!! Wait, no healthcare slush fund.. Youll NEVER give that bank up huh?
Your audience? Lol

Think youve said enough! Now where's the money that was stolen?
Your one to speak about religion!
How is Janes investigation progressing?
Burnie, why arent you talking about the $100.00 co-pays and the $4,000.00 deductibles under Obamacare?

Guess you musta forgot
Leftist theologians have no hermeneutics. What ever justifies the times is acceptable to them. There no utility as a liberal minister.
You trust you government more than you trust God. Government is the god of the Democratic Party.
1 Timothy 2:12 does not permit a woman to teach over men. They need to read their Bible instead of giving their bibles away.
You're a typical liberal bern #BankFraudBernie
This sounds more like Christian leaders then religious leaders to me, which I don't know about you seems pretty non inclusive  towards the-
-dozens of other religions that are in our country
Hey fake progressives, did you call your Senator today. Or did you get in your Sanders hero worship circle jerks on Twitter instead.
The Bible says socialism is the answer? HAH!
If you consider her a religious  leader your sadely mistaken
Let's get this woman in front of a CROWD. A BIG CROWD. @maddow @Lin_Manuel #Hamallusion #Hamilallusion
Amen to that!
Down with the disastrous ACA, the copay and deductibles and penalties are killing the people!!
#berniebankfraud
You don't care about religious people. They are just your props. We all know you despise them, especially after the Vought hearing
This video is just SAD they hold the Bible up high n then they lie Our Heavenly Father is LOVE n this is no reflection of that
"Obama was not a black, healthcare loving socialist who gave everyone free food. That was jesus." I still love that sticker.
Religiously this but Barney you've always said you were an atheist stick to college and real estate loans bro.
EVERYDAY!!! We must ban together as Americans in every state and push for total IMPEACHMENT and removal of Republican senators in your state
How about encouraging your people to work hard like every american so that we don't have to keep supporting them forever through subsidies
Wow this is powerful stuff! "If you're willing to turn your backs on 22 million ppl then don't tell me you're pro-life" Amen to that!
God preserves life, and health, but murder of children is very different. Neglect is not the same as murder. If it is even called neglect.
"Religious" leaders.
Healthcare needs to be fixed for many states.why not start with insurance and drug companies.

the people did not elect religious leaders to fight and bring us single payer tell the rest of congress and governors get off their asses
You can have your healthcare...I ain't gonna effin' pay for it you socialist, entitled un-Americans.
What religion you belong ?
I got a message for the religious leaders. Tell your people to get a job and earn their way. Nothing's free in this world.
Maybe the loser Dimms should try having a message that appeals to more than marxists #electionshaveconsequences
Religious leaders also want to ban abortions and gay marriage. Funny how you pick and choose.
Wearing a religious collar and shouting doesn't equate to the truth either secularly or a Godly stance.
Only a unanimous cry for Justice and the shedding of much blood will end this present crisis in the government's of the earth. Be prepared.
How cute.  You found ideologically crazy people that you can at least share that train with.
Bull
@the_bernie_bro the do. Check out Chuck Schumer's tweets
Wait a sec, I thought you said there should be a separation of church and state?  When are you sitting down with RTL religious leaders?
Get off it!!!!!  Don't you have a lawsuit to worry about!
Where were they when Obamacare took it away from me twice. I also lost my doctor.
1900: USA spent 2.7% of its GDP. 2012: spent 24%. Stop the BS. All Big Govts run out of someone else's money. Socialism = Dumb
Where's all the white male religious leaders 
Let's take congresses health care away.
It isn't just poor ppl or those on Medicaid who will suffer from this bill. Every American will again be at mercy of insurance panels.
@bulldoghill You have a lot of nerve using NC Bishop Barber in ur tweet.Earn it first. Apologize for dismissing AA in south.
Amen to that message!!!
The Affordable Care Act was neither affordable nor provided coverage for those who needed it.
Very powerful and truthful video. Well done Bernie
If only Jesus would be as helpful with healthcare as he was in the gospel stories.
It's sad that a certain demographic of blacks are not in the electoral process
Well there is no such thing as a woman priest so her ecclesiastical authority is null.
Bernie knock it off!! You're still trying to create chaos
Haha oh they won't have to do anything. Your failed attempt at semi-socialized medicine is doing the trick for em!
and your party's health care plan is?? don't say Obamacare, and for the thousand time what health care plan do you have? Obamacare?  not
Bank Fraud Bernie it's time to stop lying. The CBO's estimate of 22 million losing their insurance is 16 mil or 73% because they aren't
Forced to by it anymore. M among the government can't force people to buy something they don't want. 73% Bank Fraud Bernie
Religious Leaders. Hmmmm. I'm confused by both words. The first one in particular. Are you trying to sell me land ?
@HelenBrosnan are American Bishops  demanding this repeal stop right now and if not why not?
Our rep. leaders claim to be good Christians but their actions to take away healthcare, and in writing a mean spirited- bill show otherwise.
First those leaders are not called of God and a woman has no place in a pulpit  those women need to read the bible themselves
These are real religious people and children of God.
Featured in this video is @RevDrBarber.
You've have no idea who these ppl really are. You ignored PoC, women, ran for white guys. 
Why did you vote AGAINST Russia/Iran sanctions?
You said Christianity does not line up with what the USA is supposed to be, and now you lecture us on our views on government involvement?
That's true Mr Sanders, religious people don't go along with capitalism.
Expel Bernie Sanders from the senate then arrest him for fraud
Why are people just pussyfooting around an not doing anything to impeach Trump things are going to get worse if the lunatic stay
GOP pro life just don't give a shit about you once your here . Unless theirs financial gain from you
This is why you lost. We don't need a preacher we need a leader.
Stop lying to ppl! #ObamaCare ONLY covered 14M ppl of that 11.4M were put on Medicare! Democrats already took healthcare away from millions!
Amen
You, them and organized "religion" can piss off.
Hurrah to these moral leaders who are speaking up for the sick & poor, and those who have no voice. Proverbs 31:8-9.
"If you can turn your backs on 22 million people, don't tell me you are pro-life."  YAY, YAY, YAY for that idea!
As a pastor i am ashamed of these felow Christians behavior. We are like minded in the doctrine we are under. Unless money is involved. Sad!
He also has a bible that says a man who lies down with a man shall not enter the kingdom of God. These are not prechers of the word.

Indeed!
Jesus gave 'health care' OF himself, not FROM everyone else.  Maybe if you actually read the #Bible, you would know this.
Thought shalt not steal.
Though shalt not covet.
Pretty simple.
My sentiments exactly about so called pro life. They don't care what happens once that child lives & gets sick while alive...to the wolves!
You will use anyone to push your false statements. You should go back to Vermont and continuing living in your fantasy land.
Jesus was not a bandit stealing money and service from some to give to others. He gave of himself under his own free will. Don't Steal.
Here's a message for socialists trying to royally screw up this country by forcing socialism down our throats.... Bite me.
Bernie clueless as ever - repeal Ocare let free market work get the govmnt out of the way - stop single payer unless you like Venezuela;
you know that's a lie! Stop with the fear mongering.
Hallelujah&Amen!! These prosperity gospel charlatans, false Christians, need2 B rebuked by followers of Jesus  They need 2B xposed as snakes
Aint it time you told the truth?  The numbers you are using are people who would drop insurance only because it is no longer mandatory.
Thank you Bernie for pleading R Case
Jesus didn't heal under the authority of the state. He did it as a private individual. Health care should not be handled by the state.
#Happy #sunrise @SenSanders @aplsmith5 ROLL CALL #World #People vs Republicans EXPERT liars #EnoughIsENough We #Americans #VoteNo #Trumpcare
Totally agree with all of this Gloria; peace & love; God bless, Andy :-) x
#Happy Tuesday afternoon w/ #sunrise #sunshine @aplsmith5 @SenSanders #Thanks a lot. 
I #Wholeheartedly appreciate for totally agreed w/ me.
Thank you Gloria, peace to you  :-) x
The Highest ranking ministers of #Jesus has been revelling in the AntiDoctrine of  #capitalism Forever.  BTW #Gods name is not god
Totally agree MlD, but by no means all; some of us believe life should be way more equal and fair than capitalism as is allows; God bless 
I love u Bernie God should keep u alive for vision 2020
@SocialIssueNews Amany religious leaders voted for these corrupt sewer rats
so much anger... I should have written that in CAPS!
Pull their Exempt status.  Fine have Obama Careless but WITHOUT MY $ Bernie your still a Liberal losing Hypocrite and this lady has your Mic
Using religion now Bernie
What a wonderful hroup of religious! I especially love the quote about being "pro-life" but killing 22 million poor folks. Jesus say Amen
Complete Stupidity. Learn facts
Total bullsh*t.
Working taxpayers can't afford Obama care anymore, do u even care Bernie?

Check out @NancyHSTi's Tweet:
I am. My RA meds co-pay rose from $100/Mo. To $833/Mo. I had to quit taking them. #NotALie
insurance is a sin...if you want to get technical about Christians
sanders doesn't like Christians
Great points by all speakers in this...
When I read bible,I see Jesus a revolutionary,cared fir poor broken & the unloved,he wasn't a flag wavin republican,capitalist or elitist
Not all Religious leaders are Godly Bernie! Why don't you champion HC for working people who can no longer afford it?



DNC lawsuit. Crickets. Democrats blame Russia not the corruption/lack of leadership within their own party. Crickets. What do you believe B?
"Religious Leaders" had Jesus crucified. Check out the New Testament sometime.
Stop speaking for all religious leaders.
Real religious leaders - not "alternative" religious leaders.
7000 catholic nuns unite against gop healthcare bill.
U R right Bernie, the GOP should leave it be. It's so great doesn't need Fed subsidy it will run like Euro+Canadian social medicine.
