That's pretty rich, considering that Obama never even submitted budgets and you crammed through Omnibus spending instead of regular order.
You may want to look up easily verifiable facts before making that statement.

Turns out, Prez Obama submitted a budget every year.
When did he ban llama emperor offer. I just see #20TrillionBebt. Was 9 trillion in 2008
huh?
When did Obama get the budget. He just got the taxpayers in deeper shit. Doubled the debt. Destroyed the middle class. Just for #VoteBank
The point wasn't what happened with the budget, it was whether or not President Obama submitted a budget at all.
And he did, every year.
Defeated 99-0
Defeated 414-0
https://www.google.com/search?q=Not%20even%20dems%20support%20obama%20budget …
ROFLMFAO.
Not sure why you're laughing.
You just proved my point that Prez Obama submitted budgets.
If he didn't, Congress couldn't vote on it.
Even John McCain says that it won't pass
And apparently even Melania is pissed off at him.
She put up with the orangutan for the billion! Too bad he didn't have it!
Bernie, we all know what you know about Trump. He is totally dishonest and cares not about the hard working people but about the rich.
Bernie is absolutely right!  No tax breaks for the top 1% of tax payers in America.  I call on Congress to reject this disastrous budget!
No tax breaks--says a guy who owns multiple estates and pays 13% in taxes (while I pay nearly 30% at 60k a year).
It's hilarious to watch a guy who just made bank with a big movie and a politician who owns multiple estates preach about money.
How much extra R U willing to contribute in your tax bill to fund all of the things @POTUS proposes to cut
Money has to come from somewhere
For health and well being? All of it.
And do you think your's will cover all the cost.
I work to feed, house, educate my kids and bring them up in a Christian home. Charity 2nd
Should I be forced to pay for your kids' education? Or their protection? We have a 2nd amendment, I don't need to be robbed for my defense.
The top three families get a half billion dollar cut....You don't think they should pay more?
They do pay a lot more...a lot more than U, me & millions of others. What'd they do wrong that we should punish them with paying even more?
That's like saying an elephant drinks more than me. Duh. They should.
I don't disagree they will pay more and should. However, ppl are calling for them to support the entire government. They shouldn't have to pay a higher percentage and definitely shouldn't be forced to support other citizens. Government isn't supposed to be Robin-hood.
Ok let's go back to the great Obama who did no wrong how many lies keep you plan keep your doctor pay less better coverage 1 word increase
Thank you for continuing the fight. Guide us on how to fight this administration.
The corporations work diligently to pay as little as possible because they also either are owned or own sources of credit that they will provide for another revenue stream. Getting ahead by own work used to be almost assured, today those who live off others have the best chance.
There can be wealthy people, even those with enormous wealth, and wages actually pay wages that reflect the Equality the Constitution gives all citizens. There can also be universal healthcare. The problem is the GREED among the Plutos, not among those who are poor.
I agree that it is immoral --Whatever happened to the American ideal that we care about people in the world -- Aren't we the biggest givers?
weird he was lying this whole time? OMG WHAT A SHOCK!
The last thing we need is more defense spending and more tax breaks for the wealthy!! This is a slap to the face even to his voters!!
And this coming from you Bernie the person that accepted a buyout for a new home. 
Proof??
please...You must be simple in the head
I really don't know why people has to be so rude.  I don't know what happened to our Democratic Party. So pathetic
I am weary of willful ignorance. Somebody said something and you regurgitated unchecked nonsense. 
Source the truth!
Pretend it matters!

The notion that a Jewish state can be created out of Palestinian land is inherently racist and an unjust and illegal proposition. Agreed?
GOP tax scam increases taxes, increases premiums and guts healthcare.   Call your Congressman now to say KILL THE BILL!
The only immoral person is u who wants to institute communism in to ensure only people in Gov can forever control & syphonfrom the people
Liar.  Trump is cutting WASTE and FRAUD. You people. geez. Poor, elderly and needy will NOT be cut.
Much respect and love to you sir from Elaine in Canada.
We must take our Country back from these Multinational Elites Vote this Republican and Democrats that vote with them out of Office
The RealProgressiveFront would be more honest if they called themselves the Real CommunistFront, u are not fooling anyone. Dems are commies.
#looser
#SpellItRightFirst #Who'sTheLoserNow?
He is not comedian #clown/big difference
#AtLeastIWentToSchool #ThisIsWhyOutWorldIsGoingToShit
Showing 1 years incomplete tax return is a joke. Trump Bragged that he didnt pay taxes. Lets see all his returns.
GOP tax scam increases taxes, increases premiums and guts healthcare.   Call your Congressman now to say KILL THE BILL!
Do you care about #WorkingPeople? Or just about #VoteBank #LazyBum #Libtards? Why do you promote 'If I Work I Lose My Benefits'. #ExplainWhy
You go old man! Isn't it about time for your afternoon nappy? Have you changer your big boy depends recently? Don't want a diapy rash!
Calling someone a "stupid ass" is a little peculiar for a "rideshare driver", Gary Boy.
Everyone gets down on their luck sometimes, but you wouldn't know about that, would you, Mr. Perfect? Try having some struggles, then talk.
Obamas outlandish budgets were passed with pork belly spending that got us farther in debt. Cuts in spending is what Trump's been doing
Those were the outlandish budgets the republicans held out for until Obama had no choice but to sign
The house was ruled by Democrats then.
Not during the entire time, and let's get real, they r all politicians.
Shut up. How long have you been doing nothing in politics?
thank you
Instead of "draining the swamp" he has flooded it with a swarm of predators.  God help us all!  We MUST IMPEACH HIM NOW!
He is absolutely correct. Trump and his "Legion of Doom" have no interest in helping anyone but themselves.  Go Bernie!!!
@realDonaldTrump I really hope that you do not delete my retorts and give us an answer on the part where you were not going to cut Medicaid!
Lies, left lies.
Best deal. No need med for Workman's Comp. VA service connected only. Billions saved.  Almost self funded if Congress does not drain funds.
@POTUS budget is immoral & @HillaryClinton is moral ?? You loose much support as you speak like this. Nothing else.
YOU ARE RUNNING IN 2020 or NOT ???
Trump did not campaign for president. Putin did.  #realdonaldtrump was only acting as Putin's surrogate.
Resist Trump!
Stop taking all our money
Party of Trump is attempting to legislate a transfer of Peoples' taxes into wealth elite bank accounts Unconscionable pillage. #SinglePayer
Thank you Bernie. Please keep up the fight for the 90%.
Your socialist nonsense must not see the light of day in any forum or any time.
They will love to get rid of all the poor and minoritys Hitler is their roll model
What else can you spect from a bunch of rich racist  corrupt greedy white mostly old man?
your party had a chance they choose hillary. What do you know of #SethRichMurder  ?
technically Sanders conceded the nomination from an insurmountable position...go figure
#JusticeForSethRich
(UBI)(UHC) - QE tax, debt, int. free - no strings attached! The only downfall would be greed. People will want more! but 1st things 1st
How you gonna pay for it Bernie? w/ / your 92% tax rate? I have a better idea! PRINT IT - (UBI)(UHC)&(K-16 merit based) Quantitative Easing
Well, you didn't have to sugar coat it, Bernie!
Nice to see Bernie using his visibility to do GOOD vs. his now long history of denigrating & dividing the Democratic party. Good on you BS.
The United States on Chinese welfare is immoral-people need to go to work and contribute.
Your judgement is warped on what is moral or not. You are one of the biggest hypocrites in politics. Stop trying to crush the middle & lower
Since when do ever support the President?
You said the same things, then became a Clinton clone. SHAME
Taxation is theft Bernie...
Theft is paying 1000X more for health car than any other free nation.
You have been bent over for so long you don't know any different
O-care you paid for it on the front end and you pay on the back end hidden taxes all throughout ocair read up young man
Lmfao, if you had it your way Bernie we would have 70 to 80% taxation, and the Youth of today would never see prosperity
That budget is his walking papers
@JeffJoshers this muppet makes a point
U mean ole Trumper said whatever he thought ppl wanted to hear and had no intention of following through? Sounds like a real outsider to me
Watch your mouth sir!
TERM LIMITS FLAT TAXES
The GOP agenda  is immoral.  Keep up the great work Bernie! We are with you all the way to 2020!!!
Stop preaching and start doing. Typical Bernie..do as I say not as I do. The American people want 'no work, but pay me'?#GotToHaveAJob #maga
Preach the Word , Bernie!
Wish u had the courage to say, "That tiny percentage of our citizens that won so much cash in the Capitalist Game now have to give it back."
Wow, big surprise. Lying liars tell yuuge lies.
How do you feel about this Madman now, that false faith must be tearing you down, ,, turn it around & fight for your country its values now,
The greatest immortality is social democracy without subsidiarity! You must stay quite for the good of the nation!
And urs would be  better...really all u liberals want to do is give give give. People need to get a job and earn, not take take take
tired same old rhetoric; Washington is killing middle class w/ taxes; tired of failing social programs; when is enough; "enough"
House and Senate Republicans are colluding with Trump to conceal http://Treason.Vote  them out
Immoral? Coming from you that's a compliment. You're a fraud, a liar, & the reason why someone like Trump won. We're sick DNC hypocrisy.
I know that's right
I hope it passes. The last 8 yrs under Obama has been a disaster! Give President Trump a chance.
I love it when liberals, who celebrate butchering helpless babies and selling body parts for $$, preach about morality.
Someone washed people brain told them how beautifull will be ,, someone use the people house to get richer and families use as same for them
@HuffPost @politico You, and yours, created the unsustainable deficits, and debt, that this budget begins to address.
Funny coming from a socialist that owns 3 houses.
Reality check. A presidents budget means nothing. Before you all lose it wait for the Congressional budget. Enough with the faux outrage.
Please be Strong and Stop "trump 's poverty  plans "!!! Vatican visit  intervention on trump 's soul !!!
Berninhell,this budget needed this cut from the obama giveawy programs that are killing the middle class tired of paying to lazy people
And yes,more money to the military so that our enemies are afraid of us and you  can enjoy the privilege of being a  very bad senator!!!
#VoteTheBudgetDownOrWeVoteYouOut!  #2018
Absolutelycutting everything that matters to PEOPLE-so they can live a decent life-upper 1% or even 10% will make out due to their wealth
Your immoral presence in Congress shouldn't either.
Your alarmist bullshit is wearing thin. Be square with people, please. #November2016
THANK YOU BERNIE...
We all must vote and see that these thieves all lose there seats with the power of the vote, we must clean the swamp now
What are you running for now?
When is the last time you met anyone in opposition half way? Never I bet when you disagree. All or nothing
It's funny, you are complaining on Twitter, instead of telling Congress bc I know he can't do anything without Congress' approval
Please do all citizens of the US as favor and retire.  You are out of touch and out of your mind.   
trump's budget should be shredded, doused in gasoline and thrown down a sinkhole.
Time to be a part of history. Help defend the Nation & stop those who only care about personal wealth over the cost of your health. #resist.
What is immoral with requiring ppl to work and removing incentives to not work?


We are still here with you Bernie Sanders you tall angry truthful Lighthouse 
The budget cuts here reflect poor consideration for the middle class and others struggling for a good life!
Bernie you need not see the light of day
Point blank, we spend more then we take in.  Many programs need to be cut to balance it out.  Simple math.
And you are immoral w/your third house and your luxury car-it's laughable, that you think you are in touch with the working people
Democrats who fail to address overspending are morally bankrupt.
what are you going to do about the espionage against Americans as reveled by FISA COURT DOCUMENTS? DISBAND THE CIA, DOMESTIC SPY
People are really scared @SenSanders -I'm sure you hear this daily. We will keep fighting against his (and the GOP's) horrid agenda
CUT OUT MEDICAID FRAUD AND MONEY SPENT ON PHONY INVESTIGATION AND MEDICAID WILL BE FINE! I wk. in medical and FRAUD OUT OF CONTROL!
Two questions: how is this man not president and how is the sorry excuse of an orange we have a president at all?
Lmao  your guess is as good as mine. ???
NO OTHER WAY 2 SAY IT.
TRUMPSTERS  WILL HURT THEMSELVES OUT OF RACIST BIGOTRY TO TRY AND HURT BLACKS AN PEOPLE OF COLOR.
You are nothing but a disappointment.  Do you NOT see what is going on in the world and THIS is your focus TODAY?  Seriously. Shut up!
Go Bernie
Right back at you professor
BERNIE'S SIDE=SPEND-SPEND-SPEND.???
Aww...so sorry...already seen by congress. No wonder you lost
What's immoral is your creating government dependent sub classes you fraud
You mean the budget that gives parents paid mat/paternity leave? I thought you said that was a good idea.
"Yeah,there's a monster on the loose" Steppenwolf
US @uscongress00 NEVER helps the poor they help the rich use the poor always 1 penny to poor bal. to corrupt administration. WE SEE NOW

Lets make America .......Venezuela Again!  -Bat-Shit-Bernie
Well spoken @SenSanders 
Well cut it . . . it is time we reduce the size and expenditures of the Federal Government.
Go home Bernieeeeee
Trump is Robin Hood in Reverse! He steels from the poor to give to the rich! Whats the word he uses after a tweet ...oh yeah "Sick"
AS S --- AS@S ZZZ ZŹZZZ ZZZ@-zs4s--3 wss was wss was wss wss s w was 44w4a3a wss 44 wss 44w4a3a wss w 3aas awwas
We must hold 2 our values&defend the right of Americans n need.DJT,Freedom(Tyranny)Caucus,hardcore GOP cherish $ over compassion
Yes Bernie! Still support you 100%
Get em
TRUMP SUPPORTERS: Didn't I tell many of U that TRUMP didn't care abt me or U either? Check out his new budget proposal, WE ARE ALL SCREWED!!
You go Bernie!!!! Yes!!!!
For all the poor,who have absolutely nothing. U voted for a rich man who doesn't even begin to know your struggle.He lives in a bubble.#rich
Invalidate Trump.
Yes
http://www.gutenberg.org/files/1080/1080-h/1080-h.htm …
Hey Bernie how come you've been completely silent on the murder of Seth Rich, who was a supporter of yours????????  #coverup
that Bern is so incensed that so many will come off govt dependency (slavery) says a lot about his character. "I want to own these people!!"
Fight him & his moronic plans!

We get it, you want to enslave us. You want us to work to provide and for every policy you want while you profit off the top.  #slavery
U must not c the light of day! Go away so tired of u wanting to giv everything away! Giv 1 of ur houses away! Giv ur savings not ours! MAGA
Totally agree
Help us maintain dignity for the poor &the vulnerable, Bernie. Rescue us from the GOP's immorality.
This travesty of a budget is the fast track to creating home grown TERRORISM. Desperate people will descend into despicable acts.
Says the old coot who pays a 13% tax rate and owns three homes 
I love you Bernie
Much like your presidential bid, however we had to put up w/ that so we can surely put up w/ this...PS...YOU'RE A HACK!
Hope it does soon
Cutting waste in the budget is not making the rich richer, stop your lying.
Still want you for MY president!
I want all of your income.
THANK GOD ur not r POTUS!!!
do something about it!!!
Too bad you aren't as open-minded and for The People as you pretended to be...all you want is conformity to liberal socialist agenda period
I agree. I knew early on that he used nothing but glittering generalities. I don't understand why more people didn't see it.
Bernie, you are my president in my parallel reality! The real world needs you!
Budget is for all tax payers including middle class!
The most immoral and corrupt person in USA is @POTUS And a real jerk @realDonaldTrump #RESISTANCE #ResistTrump #resist on to impeachment
the only inmoral here is you!!!
