BREAKING: Congressional Budget Office sees 22 million more uninsured by 2026 under Senate health bill in latest hurdle for GOP.
Hey Bernie! The working class is tired of paying for the dead beats that don't work.
Also, as was mentioned it includes nursing home care for people who worked hard all their lives. Most cultures take care of the elders.
I don't mind paying for the handicapped & elderly. I'm tired of paying for ghetto families with 6 children.
Shouldn't that bother everyone n the middle class that the poor, that we pay for, have 2X more children then we do?
Site your source.
FOR WHAT?
Your statistics of poor people having 6 kids and the other things you have been saying.
Bernie, what about the millions of Americans who will no longer be forced to pay a penalty for insurance they didn't want? They're happy! 
But most Americans want to join our peer counties and have affordable healthcare and Rx though Single Payer healthcare.
Affordable healthcare and Rx no mattet how it gets accomplished. Single-payer isn't an option countrywide; states can do that.
That's funny bc our peer counties do it just fine. Oh wait, r u going 2 tell us tht the US is exceptional? Bc sorry, that's a RW taking pt.
I just said the states can handle single-payer. BTW, the snarkiness to people offering solutions is why the left keeps losing seats. 
And Shame on hrc.
Agreed.
It's a real shame because most Americans want to join our peer counties and have affordable healthcare and Rx though Single Payer healthcare
Most of those 22 million are by choice.
How so??
Can Dems also get out the word that people with employer-based insurance are impacted by this?  Not much attention on that, but it's impt.
How so? I'm really trying to understand this more.
Employers will have decision making over whether they want to provide you with health care - no one is exempt from this debacle
Many employers keep people at part time so they don't have to pay benefits.
Exactly

Try to follow along with the actual conversation.   Not that hard I promise
Ok manawench
Aaawwww....hes resorted to making fun and name calling.  Such a big bad man.  Maybe I'll cry.....from laughing, maybe
That's what Schumer Libs do! Hope you find a Job! Good Luck
Have one....oddly enough, working with kids.   Thanks for support.  Hub's 22 years active duty fighting for you right to be dick..worth it

Your weakness is showing
Stick to Audi driving bank robbing and fat cat politics bernie.
Does anyone have a problem with 3 generations of families being on assistance?  When does the middle class WORKERS GET A brake.my back hurts
Based on this plan, don't expect any care for that hurt back.
We won't visit the US again with this hideous person in power.
Great, good, best news all year, you have us confused that we care what your thoughts are
You and your wife depend on BANK FRAUD. You're not one of us.
It's horrendous . 15 million more people will be off healthcare next year..
Obamacare is dying. So whatever number can only afford Obamacare will be uninsured in a few years.
Because only unhealthy old people can catch the flu or break an arm....derp.
If you go to a doc for the flu @ 26.....you're part of the problem.
Didnt the average life of an American go down under Obama?  Can u explain that Bernie?  Plz explain why we die earlier?
How come never heard of Bernie Sanders until 2016? What was your motivation? Just asking for a friend
If politicians really care about healthcare, then give us what is needed. Pre-existing low cost, preventative, eye and dental. Do it !!!
I'm so disgusted with the creeps and ghouls in the GOP.
Absolutely disgrace and despicable!
Now you know the horror we faced for the 8 years
Hey @SenSanders, you know what's also immoral? Bank fraud.
Committing bank fraud is also immoral as is judging someone by their religion
We should stop using Medicaid to survive... It's AID, Not life support, Bernie. I work every day to make a better life for my family. WORK.
Free college to you means a bankrupt college. #Priceless
You are thinking democrat and criticize every thing instead of thinking American and suggest. Help not obstruct. All you do is talk & talk!!
You are using people's weaknesses and fears for your own political needs.Why democrats refuse to sit down&think about a dem/rep common plan?
So is bank fraud?

#OpiumakaOpioid: Reached our shores @ & epidemic level. Becoming the choice of drug for most Caucasian brothers & sisters. Care is health! 
Come on Bernie,  who's immoral, you and your wife.
Your morality, sir, has been brought to the fore and been found lacking. #BernieBankFraud
as immoral as defrauding banks with your wife?
All American People should be on the Same #HealthcareBill Plan as all Politicians' in Washington. They pay > $500.00 per yr.4 full coverage.
GOP wants to Kill Millions of its own People for Dollars. Get the Carpet-Beggars OUT! #HealthcareBill

Can't people still purchase their own health insurance?
Bernie. Watch yourself bc you are about to be investigated.#lawbreakers.
it's all about the money....Koch Brothers $300 to $400 million
It's immoral to steal from banks like you and your wife did.  If you pull wool over their eyes we see what you are doing to American ppl

You are immoral! Show us the money Bernard
What's immoral is your wife committing fraud and bankrupting a university. Now that's immoral
That makes 50 plus millions
Don't you have a fraud case to be working on
Mr. Sanders, explain to your followers what you mean but "cut."  It just doesn't grow the expenditure as much as you want.
REALLY!? Because the bill leaves over 95% of 0bama"care" in place. It's not #FullRepeal which is why we oppose it. You're a liar, Bernie.
Fraudulently securing financing and bankrupting a college is immoral. #BankFraudBernie
I've called @SenatorIsakson and @sendavidperdue to voice my opposition. Active GA voter who won't let these clowns ruin GA and USA!
keep at it Bernie
Pay your taxes!
Blah blah blah, did anyone hear anything differently, think not
Bernie Sanders Bank Fraud!
Amoral just like @GOP has become.
Cut Medicaid
Immoral to say the least.  It's legalized genocide
Yes! We trust you. Please do not lose your passion!
Bernie, rather than planning to run 2020, tell the president your proposal rather than preaching. You will be in your 80s by 2020.
There was another leader in history who wanted to get rid of the sick and handicapped and those of other races...all of this scares me.
Bank fraud is not?
Some Republicans pulling out after CBO report! Don't give up!
Jobs creation breaks the endless cycle of medicaid among many. More housing more free stuff etc brings more of the same dependants.
Please keep fighting!
More BS from bernie, Medicaid is actually inc by 20% over the next decade, just the growth is slowed-Vary Fake liberal facts @POTUS @TEN_GOP
You're under investigation by the FBI. Just reminding you
No one cares what #BankFraudBernie has to say.
No Christian or person who believes in God with a good conscience could vote for or endorse this bill
You're not fooling anyone with your stupid BS. Refraining from REQUIRING people to purchase insurance is not 'throwing them off'.
Lie lie lie nobody is changing Medicaid the money will still be there Choice of state where it goes but it's that way now!! Lies lies lies
can we just see this fucking monster of a bill? why so secret. Also, WE PAY YOUR FUCKING SALARY @realDonaldTrump  You work for US!!!!!
Everything about socialism is immoral.
Yes senator, we all know how accurate the CBO is.
Is bank fraud immoral you scumbag.   Even if you aren't guilty, you pushing your crap makes you a scumbag.  Complete fraud.
A friend of mine in Morgantown WV. with 35yrs selling health insurance tells me no sane insurers will ever support the AHCA as it is. AWFUL!
Liberal Democrats are working behind scene to bring Bernie Sanders down politically.
They can't play God! Sue all of them and not class action, 22 million lawsuits
Why do the GOPs hate the poor American people?
So is Bank Fraud Senator 3 houses
When are people going to wake up to the fact that our government DOES NOT CARE ABOUT THE PEOPLE OF THIS COUNTRY? #BigCorpsBigPharnaBigBanks
How about talking about you & your wife's morality?  How's the investigation into your wife's bank fraud case going?
Let's compare the plan that covers congress with the one they want  to pass on to their constituents
It's a big tax break for the rich. If congress had to live with the same health care plan , we'd have the best plan on earth
Go Mr Sanders.  We need help for the poor and elderly. Affordable health care is critical for all.  Not just for members of congress
Sadly is not going to work. we hope for things to go our way before and here we are today, dark days ahead, Sir
How many people are going without coverage now because they cannot afford ACA nor can they find any coverage thru provider in their state ?
At this point let that Obamacare blow up
Demanding someone else pay for Your healthcare is immoral. Using the influence of an elected office for personal gain is immoral
Again, libertarianism is a cult
as @brithume pointed out- many r people fleaing govt imposed #aca style health care that CHOOSE not2 purchase insurance. YES~ @Gino_8686
Health care is a right,once this is accepted then the work on how to manage escalating costs will begin in earnest. Pro life=pro healthcare
Bank fraud.
U know when u say it, u seem less crazy. What did u do with the real Bernie Sanders?
#GOPWarOnThePoor
Obamacare was immoral. It was basically theft
My premiums are twice what they used to be and deductibles are almost five times higher so now I have less money and can't afford to use it.
Repeal it and don't replace it.
You're immoral!
Bernie, surely Turtle and the Tadpoles wouldn't send us an immoral tax cut, er health care bill.
Let's not kid ourselves. No terrorist is more dangerous to the American people than the current people in power.
If you hate it so bad get out, remember the travel band will not prevent you leaving even to the Middle East
Bank fraud committed by a fraud.
Let's get your single payer plan up for a vote! Thanks for speaking the truth about this.
Pony up a few million to help out #BankFraudBernie. The banks won't miss it. ;)
@AP_Politics Trump deceived his voters who trusted his words,"No cuts to Medicaid." Medicare next? Winning?
If there is a shred of decency left among those in power they would. When it passes we will confirm what we already knew. #DraftBernie
Thank you for your service bernie. I am forever grateful to have witnessed your truths.
His truths? Lmao! Both he and his wife are under investigation for fraud. They just bought a $600,00 house and a $170,000 car. #WAKEUP

Even I know how to make a better health care than the republicans
I bet you can't name one single FACT about the republican plan.
Maybe so, but I at least know how to create a plan that doesn't cause 22 million Americans to lose their healthcare
They're counting the one's who will drop off because it is no longer a mandate to have it. There are no cuts, the plan freezes expansion.
As long as you brought it up how's that little FBI matter coming along?
1: uninsured # boosted by the removal of required ins. Some won't buy any.
2: Medicaid spending still increases; just less than o-care rate.
@AP_Politics The system that the GOP has constructed is rigged against the US citizen and their well-being. #Resist
@AP_Politics They don't fear their constituency b/c their districts are carved out so safely. The system is rigged.
@AP_Politics No shit Sherlock, so why is GOP awilling accomplice? It is not good for America. But they persist. They don't fear.
LEAVE Dem Party and get their numbers BELOW 15% so they can't be in the 2020 Debates!
Run Indie with Tulsi or team up with Greens for 2020.....no more Dems! signed, a Bernie/Green Voter
Being Bernie Sanders and a supporter is the definition of being immoral!
If you're under investigation for fraud you probably shouldn't be preaching about morals.
More demagoguery. Just what's wrong with politics, I'm so disappointed Bernie.
Fraud 
It's immoral for elitists to force the purchase of health care with premiums & deductables so high the care is unaffordable & useless.
Is it time for laws that prevent a privileged minority from introducing legislation that is of direct personal profit?
Republican Death Panel
Demanding others buy a product they don't want & can't afford is immoral. Confiscation of personal property to give others is immoral.
What is immoral is a guy who didn't hold a full time job until turning 40, telling everyone how to run the economy. Keep making it happen
You are immoral! You scammed all your followers! 3 houses & an audi youre the 1% Retire #BankFraudBernie #crazyberniesanders
We want universal health care please !!
Please listen, GOP. The health care bill does not reflect American values
It may be immoral, but it's not like they defrauded a bank #BankFraudBernie
Somis bank fraud Boynie!
Why weren't you worried when ObamaCare was killing people.  YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE AND A LIAR.
Hopefully @GOP will vote conscience over their wallets and blind party loyalty this time
.Why does the #GOP think that #Medicaid is for people who don't want to work?  Don't they know how destitute one has to be for benefit?
Bank fraud is cool though right Bern?
Nobody should have to depend on the government to survive. You gave control of healthcare to the government, this is your fault
DONE hearing about #Obamacare or #Trumpcare who gives my money to wealthy donors, just increase taxes for #MedicareForAll. #mondaymotivation
No #BankFraudBernie, this is immoral...You're being investigated while Hill & Bill $$$ Pass through w US Tax $$$ isn't!!!
How many will be uninsured when Obamacare collapses?
#BankFraudBernie
God forbid some people would have to pay  or get a job
You must want ppl DIE since won't HELP FIX-so must be a lie
Killing #singlepayer by the democrats was immoral but they did it anyway
You lie about health care and your wife lies about college doners..  must run in family..
#BankFraudBernie that rich coming from you and your scam artist wife
#bankfraud
@AP_Politics  hey Bernie. How does a democratic socialist justify 4 homes and an Audi R8?. 2 classes right. Right and poor.
Says the guy who pressured a bank to loan $10 million to his ethically challenged, college bankrupting wife. Go back to writing porn Bernie.
Are fraudulent loans immoral?
Hi Bernie. An orange jumpsuit would look greT on your bogus con man's bod.
Crook
Aren't you incarcerated yet?
It's not about healthcare it's about making ins co rich & giving tax breaks 2 wealthy so they become even richer! Let's get it straight pls!

Looks like selfish Americans don't care.
More immoral than bank fraud?  #PhonySocialist  #LiberalHack
Immoral? Let's wait till your investigation by the FBI is over before we throw titles out you may resemble.
The GOP is the new NAZI SS they don't have hearts, souls or conscious' hopefully they will pay the same price as NAZIs
BREAKING NEWS: #MitchMcConnell  #Obama  & a #Trumpster  explain #Trumpcare.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UkkTJ9vHA8 …
#ACHA #satire #ACA #Obamacare
Why won't you comment on the criminal investigation you're involved in?
THE CBO IS ANOTHER PROPAGANDA ARM OF THE LEFT ...HOW DID THEY SCORE OBAMACARE?
It really looks like a planned Apocalypse to me.
Next Year: I am ready to vote some people out!
Interesting, the last CBO report said only 9 million were signed up and only half of that were actually paying the premiums, hmmmmmmm
#FearMongering #BankFraudBernie #ResignBernie
Bernie, you're losing it! Still hysterical over President Trump walloping Hillary.
Resign you thief
Well at least you expect someone to work.....
Bernie, how's that fraud case going? Need donation?
Wrong! This bill is what Americans want! We don't want to be paying to provide health insurance to deadbeats and illegals. Not our job!!
And pursue #singlepayer #MedicareForAll
Bank fraud and bankrupting colleges seems immoral too.
