If all u have is complaints and offer no solutions you're part of the problem
Except none of those 3 were socialist you fool. I guess being a "proud conservative" makes you allergic to facts.
You're arguing that they were socialists because of their party names when you know full and well that the name means nothing.
I'm sure your $15 minimum wage will keep even more youths unemployed.  You claim to help but you are the people's worse enemy
If min wage increased w cost of living, we'd be up to approx $23+ per hr
70% of the GDP comes from people spending.
The fact remains $15 an hour will cause serious youth unemployment.  Rationalize it however you want.  It hurts so many people
The greed is far too great to not raise min wage to an at least decent wage.
It's not greed.  It's simple math
The greed of corporations
What does that have to do with small businesses or youth unemployment?  How many youths work for corporations? Your ideas hurt the youth
Thanks for all you do Bernie!
Starts w quality primary education. Dems have left kids trapped in failed schools w/o choice for 40+ yrs for 1 reason - Teachers Union $$$
That is redicules, teachers are way underpaid. For what they do. Just spend an afternoon in a third grade classroom.
That's the biggest line of bullshit that spewed out there continuously in America

Do some damn research they are well-paid
I suppose 66-76/yr may be considered "well pd"" by some. It is not for what they put up with. My homework is done.
Yes when the average income in America is below $55,000 and they're making 66 to 76,000 you just won the point for me
They deserve it and more at my neighborhood school.
Nobody's stopping you from personally writing each one of them a personal check but people like you never put your own money directly up
So, why r u not a teacher? Sounds like you think it's easy and good $
Its all over the world problem all countries should consider that problem seriously....

Local Sch Brds should pay teachers on performance, not tenure Local brds should run the ed system not govt. plz pay for my knitting class 
FDR combated unemployment w/WPA, PWA, CWA, CCC, all of which helped save the 99%~
did u just ignore this message from @SenSanders  n this Oligarchy era he gets push back, ridiculed for basic former FDR DNC platforms~
Why don't u pay for itThey don't want to work.
I agree.let's increase taxes on those rich people&corporations,raise minimum wage,more govt regs! & more carbon emission taxes!
UN sanctions are not working and what we need is DIALOGUE , we are triggering reactionary KIM. Trump bullying will lead to WAR 111
Sanctions don't work, we need to have dialogue and work out a compromise, The Kim regime / need nukes 2 preserve dynasty, We need to talk!
Good Idea Bernie!!  Good thing we have @POTUS who has created more private sector jobs than any other politician in US History! #MAGA #Trump
Let's get rid of youth unemployment by raising the minimum wage.. that will totally work.
Go back to sleep
that's right time for u to step down for some yo
Bernie,what is wrong with you?
I think if you want to invest in young people, taxing THE SHIT out of them is a great place to start. Oh im sorry, thats already ur plan!
Bernie you your Russian LIES against POTUS will cause the NEXT Civil War if you Swampers DARE REMOVE our President TRUMP he is here to STAY!
As a past Vermonter YOU stuck Vermonters and Americans up the butt, How much did you and your wife STEAL, STOP the BS against POTUS!
Luckily, young people can still get jobs; you know why ? Because your plan is still your dream !
time to step down Bernie for some young blood!!!!!!!!
we don't give them an inch on what they feel they need , we need talks and compromise , Trump and team are pushing us into war
Well thank you to @realDonaldTrump for reaching 1 million jobs for the young an middle class Americans! !!
Bernie likes to spend other ppls money for his social programs.
Jail time and we need an  investigation like you put POTUS through along with your buddy Hillary, you made us out to be FOOLS believing in U
They need to do something on their own.  Giving them everything dies not help them.  They all expect to be CEOs 1st job.  Stop helping
While I wholeheartedly agree it's also time to start planning for automation and robotics outpacing job creation
What we need to do is focus kids into the labor industry, not just the tech industry. Every trade is hurting from lack of workers.
Like Mike Rowe says....
.or free bus rides to rallies and pretend they will vote for you. Got $27?
The time is long over due for you to get the he'll out of the way and let somebody else do the job right. That God for all politicians!
Can we have a U.S.A. drivers license. instead of state ones 4 us seniors who want to travel the country!
And this is coming from the old fart who screwed us out of the money we donated to him,
Banks invest in young people with good ideas to start businesses. That is when they aren't being conned by universities and mayors, right?
Right lets just give them a job, because you just deserve one! I wanted a job I went out and got one.
Behold!
Evil will come in a blinding flash of light...
I will come unto you as a thief in the night...
Will you see me?
Hell Yes! #MAGA
Ummmm...
Great education, shutting down colleges...
You don't care about our youth. You enable them to not take personal responsibility!
The time is long overdue for our young people to stand on their own two feet, earn their education, and contribute more than they take.
I guess you are too damned stupid to realize that all the illegals and Middle Eastern replacements are taking those jobs.
Holy crap you're starting to sound like a republican, good for you @sensanders
But hey lets push for unlimited entry of immigrants with a 3rd grade education no english skills and no skills at all beyond 3rd grade
Then you democrats need to stop resisting and grow up start working with POTUS
Were you asleep for 8 years under Obama?
End NAFTA = Problem Solved.
Your so outta touch
These high rates of unemployment were brought to you by the democrat party.

While yipping about no jobs..this loon wants $15hr pay...that makes no sense 2 anyone but a communist or 15 yr old..STHU

 @mic
Ok Bernie the bug mouth...what's your big plan. We all want to know..there is no bernie plan
How long have you been in Politics & what have you done to remedy that problem stop your lies no one believes your lies anymore traitor!
Go to bed
They are getting the education they need and jobs are now available for them when they come out of college no thanks to you Bernie!!#TRUMP
https://m.gofund.me/aaron-and-tammy-wedding-fund …
@BernieSanders you praise ruthless dictators and failed socialist states while bashing America.  We will not accept your insidious ideology
I'm not certain but it seems the 'young people' have dumb down considerably in the last 25 years?
If u really want free colleg plz, tell me what u would do for ppl like me who r finishing college with huge debt?! @ninaturner
BREAKING: IT IS TIME THAT PEOPLE AND FAMILIES HOLD THEMSELVES ACCOUNTABLE IN LIFE. DO NOT RELY ON BIG GOV FOR HELP. EDUCATE YOURSELVES.
Remember the last socialist who wanted to help in education his name is Adolf Hitler
Sense when did socialism provide jobs look at your history bernie
Bernie, socialism will destroy any hope children have here in America 2 be successful in life.Colleges should be 4 American citizens first!
Might be time for you to back to school and learn that it's not good to sell out your people for a summer home.
Bernie, what about the 6 million adult jobs Obama took away? Think Demwits are lies!
Well that's what happens when you wanna make everything free. No matter how hard parents work, it kills kids urgency for responsibility....
Meaningless unrealistic pandering,as usual
Words are not cheap, they're FREE Bern!
Yes, one thing to teach somebody how to be an adult is to do everything for them.
You can't feel sorry for someone who has student loans and ends up with a Liberal Arts degree.  PT Barnum would be proud! @seanhannity
Why does your party keep allowing a flood of low cost illegal labor into this country to take their jobs?
Here's a thought..... STOP FLOODING THE COUNTRY WITH ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS!
What happened to cutting grass, cleaning gutters, shoveling snow? These jobs are everywhere. Young people have to develop a work ethic.
Seriously, Did you make that up just now?
A socialist talking about investing, jobs, and education is a funny thing to watch...
You're the cause. Get out of the way!
Bernie you KNOW what the DNC did to US Right They cheated US out of the Presidency & We Got Trump THIS in 2020 Larry http://GoJnn.com 
Oh do you mean like teach them vocations? Instead of telling everyone to go to college? Because thats what the economy needs right now.
Perhaps Bernie will take his five million, combine it with @NancyPelosi hundred million and invest it all in young people.
How's the new beach house Bernie?
Why not the parents investing & not government if u can't prepare ur kids for the future don't have them
Best place to start is the overbearing excess weight of Higher ED tuition.  They come out uneducated, and in debt.
I thought Barry from Honolulu created all kinds of jobs...
Shut up ya old deli man...you are a farce of the highest order...
Gov can't and doesn't create jobs.  This is worse than your free college fantasy.
Illegal aliens are taking the entry level jobs young people use to do.
I put 3 thru College in marketable degrees while Libs study Social Justice.  My kids got real jobs.  I call it #RightPrivilege
Bank Fraud   Bernie
Maybe your wife can teach them how to commit fraud. Fraud education 101. The socialist way.
Crackpot @SenSanders , thats not your job nor the roll of the gov. Go back to passing out permits and leave the rest alone
yea I wish I had free college. Then I would not have to drop out come 8-20-2017 due to lack of money. https://www.gofundme.com/92rpg7-undergraduate-college-fund … Any Help !!
Start with teaching them #CriticalThinking right now all they do is mimic  what they hear. They have no voice of their own!
There's plenty of work your supporters just don't want it.
How is the fraud case coming along?
Wow that's a groundbreaking idea after a lifetime in politics. You did way to much dope in College.
There are plenty of jobs for young people who want to work.
Maybe we should quit sending them to college and graduating them with mountains of debt. Yeah maybe that's the ticket
It's time our youth stop demanding the free shit that Bernie will give them instead having to work for it
If you wouldn't have jacked the minimum wage up so high ppl might be able to hire them
You and your mrs are runners up in America's corruption contest, the Clintons taking first place.
By education,  you mean indoctrination into Neo-Marxism which in turn makes them wothless to employers.  #sellout #hypocrite
What planet do you live on? As if USA has never invested in helping the young get educated and get jobs. #alternateuniverse
Their coming out of college demanding outrageous salaries and getting them-no experience sell this sh!t elsewhere!
And who do u think is now creating those jobs?  @realDonaldTrump...that's who.
Directly caused by minimum wage laws. Eliminate them & watch unemployment vanish. Of course you won't do that. that would solve the problem.
That's what President Trump is doing. All you're doing is being an obstruction, standing in the way of our progress.
Well in that case you should stop supporting Democrat policies that have destroyed cities like Detroit.
I'm pretty sure bank fraud has a bigger impact.
Do you mean to tell us that Obama didn't fix that?
Problem is in your own tweet - U got it backwards Bernie, education comes 1st THEN jobs in entry level positions 2 gain exp #FeelTheProcess
Your wife did a great job at the college that went under and your programs would bury our nation. Smarten up Bernie
Great, What kind of Business do you have and how many positions do you have ooen?
My company is hiring. It's manufacturing and we will train them how to do it. Just need to know how to show up every day. Over $15/hr too
Maybe if the last president - a socialist at heart - had been a capitalist, there would be a lot more higher paying jobs.
Let's finish the investigation on your wife first
#BankFraudBernie, go back to helping your wife weasel out of her charges. We're sick of your Free, Free, Free on the backs of the taxpayers.
Like your wife did?  Lol
They took our jobs!
So cut the grass at one of your mansions or wash and shine your new sportscar?
"Investing" is leftist code speak for government wasting tax dollars of welfare projects.
Or young people could just take responsibility for themselves and go out and learn a new skill and start their own small business. Not hard.
liberals had been investing in our youth for decades by poisoning their minds in colleges and universities,to create massive leftist voters
Maybe if more people got engineering degrees rather than liberal arts degrees they wouldn't need help getting a job
Your wife bankrupt the university
Maybe your wife should stop ripping off colleges?
more worthless empty rants by the king of bullshit
Love this idea that we have been totally neglecting our youth who are now the most entitled, over-indulged, whiny brats on the planet. 
Only a foolish society does not see the value in educating its young. The US needs to improve in this area.
The time is long overdue for colleges and universities to make higher education affordable, rather ripping students / parents off.
The young people today need to learn hard work personal accountability is all they need to succeed. No need for handouts.
Anytime a Democrat says "invest(ing)", they really mean TAX(ING).No thanks Bernie, the kids will find their way, just like we all did.
It's because they are lazy. They want free stuff and that's the way they will always be until you make them work fornit
Well Bernie - your beloved illegals pretty much took all the youths jobs. They network and have them locked.
Screwing a school out of $$ (like ur wife did) is the opposite of what you just said, Bernie.
Maybe as staff for one of your three mansions...
Liberal economic policy have people trying to raise family on what used to be jobs for our youth...fast food workers.
I liked Venezuelan Socialism before it was cool
You sir, are in a position of influence to make this a reality.
Communism doesn't work Bernie... except as a tool for you to enrich yourself by preaching this crap.....
We do need to do something. How about a system like Germany? Your blustering about free education isn't the answer. Control rising costs
Practice what you preach Hack
You & your Den buddies sent good jobs overseas. Now you want to bring in more foreign workers to fill vacancies.
Nothing says 'jobs creation' like increasing taxes on the actual employers...
Maybe your wife could teach a class on loans and finance. Or perhaps as a travel agent: Honeymooning in Russia for less.
This is because so many older adults can't retire and must work or starve. Middle aged need to work two jobs to raise a family. Thus no jobs
* now many arms will share the idea.

"investing."  Or, as I like to call it, "spending more of my tax dollars."
Bernie's wife needs to go to the pen!
LET'S GET REAL HERE!!
Hmm....I wonder why young ppl of previous generations did not face this issue?
That's what the young folks in Venezuela were told too!!  Socialism sucks! So does your sorry old message.
Youth are lazy,entitled. Coddled and told they're so special,used to getting everything they ask for. No wonder they fail in the real world.
CoachHughFreezeMoralTurpitudeFrmrHSathlete “HumiliatedHeDidn’tHaveFemaleInRoom" #HR160 #SchoolPaddlingSexualViolence
Strange poor economy/lack of jobs was due 2what?, Humm "get use 2it jobs not coming back",closing of coal mines,harsh regulations,etc tks BO
Im 25 now, i've been employed every year since i was 16. Sometimes it takes a little effort..
....to read it yet?
Your colleague, Sen Sasse, has written a great primer for parents on how 2 get their children prepared for the real world.  Have u bothered
Like Vermont College perhaps?
Strange but all those who pursue education more than they require end up being enslaved sometimes to themselves of not trying out of box
Maybe those same young people should take their education more seriously during their first 12 years when it's free
Hey Bernie, the wife in handcuffs yet?
So Bernie how is that socialism doing in Venezuela? This is what you try and peddle in this country. Shame on you!
Days the commi, socialist who soul his soul too the Clintons, and Satan
Says the Socialist thief, con man.
Maybe you should ask the old and decrepit senators stand down and allow younger people in?
Stop youth unemployment: End all the SJW courses! End gender studies. End ethnic studies. End women's studies. Eliminate sociology!
Leave town Bernie and NEVER come back.  Your views are why America is in the condition it us. Pres Trump will fix it
"JOBS"?...don't use big words... you never hold a job in your life!
Use the $ ur wife stole from bank fraud & hire them to take care of the 3 mansions u have. maids/cooks/gardeners/etc. Wifey can afford it
Yup, that's why we elected President Trump.

Rhetoric. You're the outrageous one, wealthy hoarder.
Once young people stop begging for government handouts and do things for themselves they will be more fulfilled and happier. Socialism sucks
Does leaving them with a huge mountain of debt the same as 'investing' in them?
Tell them to Quit getting useless fine arts degrees.
How's 'bout they get trained for jobs that actually exist?
They are too lazy and they love living off the system so why work SMH
Continue teaching youth that there's no reason to work hard when all they need to do is stck their hands out - is not the answer!!
What the children really need is a heavily leveraged lakeside campus.  You know... so they can learn better.
There is no youth unemployment, our youth just doesn't want 2 work because Mommy and Daddy spoil them #MAGA we are raising entitled children
People like Bernie have been saying the same thing for their whole lives and never did anything about it. He's just virtue signaling again.
Sanders brain is Swamp with his radical ideological thoughts. He's got to go. Wake up voters!
Dear Bernie,
This level WAS SKY high last 8 years & you were silent. You don't care about "kids" & their unemployment! You haven't for 8 yrs
need to take jobs like we did until we could get what we wanted plus voc tech is better than college, junk degrees leads to no skills
