Because we love Muslims???
Only yemen,it is not a secret that saudiarabia buisness mens support IS inklusive Kuwait and the Emirates buisness mens
1 thinks Bernie may b reading  EINSTEIN "real problem is n the minds & hearts of men Change tht by changing r own hearts & speaking bravely"
After you finish your speech please report to FBI for your bank fraud case. If you make your wife work as barmaid What will you give to US?
Oil. $$$
Because Empire. And if you would stop protecting Empire, i.e. Russia, Russia, Russia, that would be really great.
business is business. Bernie just wishes it was him.   its nothing Israel cant handle anyways. that's all that  matters.
Mr Sanders... YOU know why!
BERNIE, GET LOST YOU SOCIALIST!!!!! COMMIE!!!
the answer is included in the question...(hint:Billions)
'Cause Trump don't care as long as he can brag to his tiny base he made a big manly guns deal?
Lets not pretend like Obama didn't sell more weapons to Saudis than any other POTUS. And GW Bush more than any before him...
And Bernie has always been against it.
Don't agree. He's a politician, he also doesn't want to be destroyed.
Coz the head-chopping king of #SaudiaArabia & the killing machinery lobbies are so generous w/ the POTUS and other "decision makers"
Hey Bernie, Hillary and Obama and Bush were all Saudi lovers, too :-)
Root of the problem
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/886339428477743108 … #HRCratline #AwanBrothers
For #Peace , #Justice and #HumanRight !!!!!!!!!
barniebe vareh ney. can come be mordiss president pls. #Maldives
when he's right, he's right
b/c the military industrial complex has brain-washed Americans to live in fear in order to profit from it
Nothing but the true, see honest man talking
I totally agree with you. I just wonder, though; if Hillary had won, would her administration have done anything differently?
They're the same
That's a good question. Here's another one: Why do we give billions to Israel when they have universal health care & we do not. The US...
....seems to need foreign aid worse than most of the countries to whom we send money.
You forgott Trump said "America first" and not "American first" that diference open your eyes.I say Earth first
You can blame Hillary and Obama.
How do you come to that conclusion??? TRUMPTY is the one that did it... watch less Fox"News"...
I gather my news from many sources. And then, unlike you, come to my own, well informed conclusions. THAT IS.. GOP=COLLUSION
Why do you continue to support Israel and make inflammatory remarks about the Syrian President?
Why is it such a bad thing to be supportive of Israel? Not that his statement suggested that anyways.
It's ridiculous. Israel is a stable democracy and our lose allies. We should support them.
Ask this reporter how he felt about Gaza and how Israel is treating them. Are there any morals left in the World?
Tell that to Hamas.
Oil & HSBC?
Because we sell arms to a lot of people/countries everyday, if you only knew what is sold. We sell them our outdated surplus, to make money
Here's an idea.Go to Yemen and tell them ur an atheist and a jew and see what happens.They shoot you, like your supporters shoot Republicans
What about Israel senator?
I don't care how much balls he has, no American politician will ever dare to criticize Israel or tax payers money that funds Israel
Then there is no one worth supporting.
But her emails
But her arms deal with Saudi Arabia.
I mean isn't it odd the Russians are trolling for Bernie now
#Canada guilty too! http://tgam.ca/2wKxxXA  Stop #weapons sales 2 #SaudiaArabia #WarCrimes #HumanRights #YemensChildren @CanadianPM
Bernie, you are an incomprehensibly reprehensible shill for the Democrats. This is Obama's war continued!!! Call all of them out by name!
For #Peace , #Justice and #HumanRight !!!
It's jok when you say stop #war on #yemen
isn't different between your opinion and #Donald_Trump
I heard of stay close to UR enemy,But we take it 2 the next level! #NoMoreWars!!!
Bernie gets it right, but  Trump dances with them at the palace As ususal Democrats don't give a damn what Bernie says. #DemExit & lead us!
to create jobs for weapon manufacturer
Thank you. People commenting should note that both Obama AND Trump destroyed #Yemen with US weapons, intelligence & refueling. We must stop!
But they can't install their central banks if we don't. We've started fighting FOR the very families we fought the Revolution AGAINST.
Which families? I don't follow.
Watch the movies "All wats are bankers wars" on YouTube free.
Thanks.
Dubious Donald says he made the greatest deal in American history. He would've sold the airplanes to Bin Laden if it put money in his pocket
Bush did that
America wouldn't be great without its allies. Saudi Arabia's the most important ally in ME,and losing it means losing other Arab countries.
That's anorher question, why a terrorist supporting country is US's ally!?
...same reason U.S. hired Nazi's after WW II....because they were needed to accomplish an agenda.
You're the only one who sees the bigger picture, smartass?! Fooled by media thinks he's smarter!
While American's are clueless that woman can vote, drive and are in #Assad's Cabinet. They only know what the TV tells them. Mind Control
True, all the women that Assad hasn't gassed can drive they just might get blown up while doing that!!!!!!
Keep believing what your TV tells you Kim, The Elite's need you to for their Agenda's
@SenSanders!
Nothing left of american values except greed
#Saudi kills with US weapons under US support
This will have harsh consequences
I wonder what I would do as president. If I blocked the sale,  they would buy from Russians. Also not good. Might as well take money.
This is one of many stomach-churning, morally ambiguous decisions presidents have to make.
To be safe in longterm you have to be morally correct
Supporting mass killers, mother of ISIS and killers of 911 is the opposite & will hurt
politics? the same way you enter public service poor and leave rich with 3 houses
Any normal person with a normal IQ can have 3 houses in US at 70 years old, if you don't move your ass alittle and use your brain some
or, you could do it Bernie's way
What makes America beautiful - choices
You act like decades as an elected official is a shitty job or something, or like you don't pay those you elected the same amount
have you always had comprehension problems?
And Obamacare is failing!  $1500 Monthly premium & $4000 deductibles  not workin. millions uninsured!  Democrats own it!  28 taxes stop!
We're not kidding when we question trust in our institutions w/in Gov & elite forces selling out votes #QandA @QandA #politics #power #money
Just keep spreading your hatred, many more terrorists bear your name! Shameful. Give up your life of riches, 3 houses,&live as you preadh!
Our POTUS does not like Muslims so why is he giving taxpayer money to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia instead of our $s going to our children!
All this distraction is paid for by our tax paying money our dollars that is for our children,healthcare & not a Muslim kingdom Saudi Arabia
The damage you see is done by our tax paying money these wars are supported by our bombs made here & sold to muslim kingdom of Saudi Arabia
The billions of dollars given to Saudi Arabia is our tax paying money this money needs to be spent on healthcare & infrastructure not murder
$110B in American taxpayer money was given MUSLIM Saudi Arabia with the promise of $350B more they behead citizens in our name & our money!
Mr.Sanders is correct. US needs to rethink it's foreign policy before selling arms to nations who r known for misusing it
USA has huge potential for agriculture production & export. Surplus products can be bombed on the countries starving
You stand a good chance to win in 2020. Don't let it go
sales of war weapons is backbone of US economy. It hardly matters who is customer, motive is business @realDonaldTrump
I totally agree with Mr Sanders. Soudi Arabia has been promoting Religious Fundamentalism which is leading to Terrorist activities.
Saudi Arab me Saffron terror RSS ko ban kardo! Duniya se atankvad khatam ho jayega!
You would do the same if you had not sold your president candidature. Thats how it is, because the rothschilds want depopulation and wars
Silly Bernie. Its obvious. Because SA monarchy enjoys staying at the DC hotel and populating its skyline with Trump towers.
What a relief to actually hear the truth I have studied them & its really bad https://youtu.be/FBbfpmsGQrc    https://youtu.be/gNtaxX9gHns 
including the George W., The Clintons and the Donald.
It's because for years our Executive Leaders have been in financial bed with the Saudis, going back to Bush Sr.
And treats women like dogs
But IRANIAN DEAL.....No comment huh
I completely fucking agree with your video explanation!
If the Saudis didn't resist the Shia uprising, Iran would effectively gain a foothold on the Arabian Peninsula.  That is bad for all.
COME ON BERN, easy answer.  Because the USA has taken a side, w/ both the Saudis & Israelis, that Iran is the real issue.  Not Wahhabism....
why did obama give billions to uran to take Israel without going through house and senate in the middle of the night in cash?
What aboat when Obama gave arms to the Cartels and ISIS?..
Saudi gave Hillary 25 million for favors. Again, you supported Hillary, remember? YOU'RE SENILE.
My compliments !
PUTIN WOULDN'T TOLERATE THESES CRAY DEMS! Why are we USA ?
You mean a devastating war on Yemen the nation that harbors and protects terrorists?  Have u lost your mind?
We need to stop selling guns to other countries. It has been known that other countries come back to shoot us.
Plus Arabia is in an economic downturn; while they are trying to get their economy back in order, they can overboil into terrorist land.
you dont 'sell' the #Apartheid State billions do you? Actually you GIVE #Israel $Billions in arms
Why isnt this guy president? Get him in! At least he's got a clue. Smart man.
Because 3 Democratic Senators voted with Publi-cons
It's for making some a lot of money
Why do you continue to sell arms to Israel, Bernie? blind spot? Stop selling arms to the middle-east, period.
Because we love to fund terrorism, it's good for business.
Please help to free @JulianAssange safel. In a world with so few willing to speak Truth to power, Julian is a rare & precious Human Being...
because we re the majority, our leaders are greedy want money and power. the rest is ideologically brain-damaged. You brought  the change!xo
Commie pig
My question is why does anyone continue to listen to you
I guess we could keep giving billions to Iran and not get anything in return except terrorists attacks funded by the $ we gave.
Been awhile since I said this but.. 
FEEL THE BERN OLIGARCHS!
Saudi's support terrorism all over the world.  Vote NO to arms sale purposed by
Trump!! NO NO NO
Did you think #civil .... on you! #by the way ask Hillary
IT speaks volumes that you chose a conflict in Yemen instead of their oppressive treatment of women. Says a lot Bernie.
Why remain in the Democratic party? I was Dem 40 years. No resemblance to today's party. If you go Indy, Bernie, your FOLLOWERS will FOLLOW.
Because money is the American Dream? :/
#BernieCARES about All People~All Religions.
#BernieCARES about America and the World.
#NoMoreWar
#BernieCARES Always has Always Will!
Why do we pay any attention  to anything  that you say, windbag?
Dear @SenSanders ... was this deal with Saudi not signed 50+ years ago, for 50+ years?  Hard one to crack. I agree with you 1000% but ...
and that disenfranchises & abuses women with a seat on the UN Women's Council. What a travesty.
US politics is controlled by Arms manufacturers which oils the Parties to win election and rule. It is pure business
True but what about which USA done in Afghanistan and Iraq
Ask your friends in Israel.
....trump is a businessman, you know that
excuse me you understand what's say sir ?
One reason...cha-ching......
It promotes religious wars in the old biblio-quranic region and keeps the martyrs busy.
Money, money, money the neoliberal god. Plus callousness and selfishness. The UK the same.
Petrodollar
Because they support us in our war against Iran. Duh. Have you been asleep? Do you not see the war in Syria? Do you want Yemen to get worse?
Would you have acted otherwise? I don't think so, because none of you can, you are all slaves to the military industrial complex...
Why do we continue to supply billions to Israel who violates all UN resolutions & International law & human rights?
Yes, why do we continue to do that?
But not with your other ally? 
Dear Sen. Sanders I hope that all politicians in US congress as brave as you in calling out the atrocities perpetuated by us & friends.
Excellent question, Bernie. More money.
Why wasn't it a problem when Obama did it??!
Did you wait for the Senate to empty out before speaking to no one?
The very nation that Trump's voters rail against when touting their islamophobia is the one their president is cozying up to. Y'all are dumb
how it works: Saudis/Israelis hedgefunds invest in USMIC - they buy weapons which move public funds into private pockets.figure the rest out
Look Bernie supporter if u REALLY want to stop the wars,secede. BONUS u also stop the bankers. in ur new country make war profits illegal
.@saneprogressive Sane Progressive #Live Coverage NationalAnti War Conference Richmond Virginia...
people were asking u the same question when u funded the wars n gave weapons to Israel - but u didn't like those questions, er.. #hypocrites
Because no American President  has the testicular fortitude to say NO to a blood thirsty medieval cult. Short and sweet answer.
wraith of god will take them down even at this holy month of Ramadan they are blocking those poor people, Iran will not stand by idle.
#SethRich #DraftBernie #Divest #DNCFraudLawsuit  #Jaffe4Congress #Medicare4All #BlackLivesMatter #Wikileaks #NoTPP #DemExit #JulianAssange
Barack Obama sold more arms to the Saudis than any other POTUS. Did you ask him that question, Bernie?
the Houti resistance is coming for you #Saudi despots .. may they wipe you SOB' out
Britain does exactly the same - British people starve while billions are sent to the evil #Saudi ruling scum to attack #yemen
Excellent question, Bernie. Ask your DNC cronies & their little helpers in the media.
We work with SA because it's in Israel's interest we do so. It's a complex game of intentional destabilizing and fear to keep power.
Why did Obama give billions to Iran? And on the same day they chanting death to America?
u wud HV done the same if u were in hot seat
Sad  that you missed being President of USA, your thoughts are profound and reflect American values..
Dommage qu'il ne soit pas président
Money. 

Money makes the world go round.
How about the $140M obama sneaked out to IRAN!
Why did you support a woman who took millions of dollars from Saudi Arabia?
Because money doesn't smell. U.S.A. is ready to trade weapons with terrorists, assassins and even with Satan, if it supports the MIC.
Why do we continue to sell billions of arms to Saudi Arabia and give a pass to a...  @realDonaldTrump
Why do you call yourself a socialist and yet you own 3 homes, have millions in the bank and barely pay taxes?
sarsour, the darling of the Dems wouldn't agree with "harsh rhetoric" bec. she praises the Saudis, just saying
Do you think if Sanders was elected he would have walked the talk? Reality is deep state & $millions lobbying would have changed his views
because Africa and Middle East are not on the list.
I'm ashamed to say our High Court, which heard a judicial review of UK arms sales to #Saudis on 10 February, hasn't announced any decision
The Berner also rolled over and kissed Killary's butt for her. I lost all respect for the man after that.
Did Qatar & Yemen donate to you too, Bernie?
We know Hillary accepted $5 million from Qatar, sponsor of terrorists!
It was OK when it was going in2 the DNC,Hillary & Obama coffers,where were U then Senator?Where R U now while DJT getting railroaded?
Bernie has radicalized Americans to cause political terrorism.  This loon should step aside
Bernie you the man !
This nigga should been prezzy but nooooo Hillary and her corrupted soul and corrupt lackeys fucked that up
Uuhhh, money? Just a wild guess.
Dear @SenSanders  Please HELP and Free Julian Assange Now

Free Julian  Now 
Agree. War is much more profitable than peace. No doubt.
More anti-Trump dribble. Does anyone believe "no balls" Bernie would stand up to military industrlal complex when he caved to the DNC cabal

Bernie needs to stop asking questions and show his values in legislation.
Why ask the same questions over and over? 
He knows why.
Why did you sell your chance at being president for an extra house, knowing how dirty Hillary was and is?
Why did you vote for more sanctions on Iran?
Is there anyone in that room with you?
Sis you ask the same question when Obama was in office ?
I'm with you here Bernie.
I still think someone needs to buy this man a comb and send him to a real barber.
@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @BarackObama that's right Bernie, who did it? USA wants worthless politics & it's damages even its not good 2
I have decided I want to be a career politician. Plently of paid vacay and lots of money, houses cars and hot men.
We don't sell, the military-industrial-complex does.
I-r-a-n. Read my lips, Bernie. I-r-a-n.

Bernie wants Trump to do nothing about anything. Israel supported the Saudi deal but not the Iran deal.They know the ME better than Bernie
Some call it a monarchy, others call it a dictatorship. Tomato/Tomato #WordsMatter
It's long past time for you to revise your thinking about the foreign power #Israel and the #genocide you supported with your Senate votes.
How about those billions GIVEN to #Israel each year for the 50 year genocide of illegally occupied #Palestine? Please give that some thought
Because the US & Saudi Arabia don't want Iran to gain ANY type of foothold on the Arabia Peninsula ... is that confusing?
because you are supporting almost all wars on this planets; why are you so suprised?
Maybe same answer to:
Why isn't your wife in jail for fraud?
Why do you pretend you're not a 1%?
Why won't you explain the $10million?
Don't be a hater Marcia

Bernie, you quit. Enough is enough.
Why did Obama give Iran 1.3 billion dollars?  U kept ur mouth shut about it.  #GarbagePolitics
You finally got one right, Bernie.  The US needs to stop funding and arming terrorists.
Why did you agree to allow Obama sell arms more weapons than any other American president since World War II.
