Canadian band leader is expert on health care? Looking for "Arcadia Fire" free music downloads...
Because not getting "free music" is the same as 40k deaths per year due to lack of healthcare of course! In single payer countries it's 0.
Really? Tell that to Charlie Gard!
Conservatives exploit the death of Charlie Gard without knowing the disease hes suffering from is a rare geneticdisorder impossible to cure.
So a liberal judge gets to decide who lives and who dies.
Because his body has been under treatment for 11 months to do anything, and the therapy they came to US for couldn't save his life either.
As advised by the Doctors and legal experts, it would be better to euthanise Charlie had he been suffering for far too long. It's really sad
#Euthanize #BankruptBernie Supporters! Blockheads get #Blocked!
Australia's universal healthcare is pretty amazing as well. A Healthy nation is an economically powerful nation
As long as most people are young & healthy, & do not use the Governemnt controlled socialized health care much. Then it might actually work.
It's works very well
Comparing universal healthcare for Canada with 30 million people vs America population of 330 mill is apples vs oranges
Nobody disagrees that people should have access to affordable care-the debate is who runs the program!!!  Large government is the sh*t show!
Health care is not a right; it's an insurance like any other insurance with the exception that we take care of our poor and elderly.
That supplimental health care is what we call Medicaid; Medicare is also for the elderly, but we elderly pay for that Government coverage.
Those programs are the only place where Government should get involved, but not dictate to us what health care plan we want or not want.
The Government controlled ACA, that the Democrats pushed down our throats, is failing, and my premiums are increasing.
I couldn't care less what he or any select people have to say against a better health care plan that would replace the failing ACA.
Not even the CBO has a clue what the real long term affects will be for any replacement. But, the present ACA we already know is a failure.
The present ACA is already like the wild west, and the new proposal will be a vast improvement.
Is it ok to make a political statement after u win a big trophy?
Yes, before I determine how I vote, I too find it useful to ask what irrelevant musicians think. Hmm how do the Baja Men feel about this...

Might have to check out that band now
could probably pay for it if gov't fired its unnecessary workers. It just keeps getting fatter & fatter!
First of all I like to thank the newscaster for drawing the line that a sporting event is not a political platform. 2nd single pay is bad
@luketaylor17
If only we could get rid of the fine for those in the US who don't want health insurance. That'd be great.
I believe that's what I'm referring to yes. The law that says I must have health insurance or be fined. Doesn't sound like freedom to me.
Diagnosed /w Neurofibromatosis (NF) in 81 DCFS told mom 2 give me up 2 State b/c of caps! Mom's Canadian we moved 2  where I get med care! Had 41 Surgeries abt 1/2 Gen Anesthetic & 1/2 Freezing. 35 Due to NF! 6 = tonsils, ACL, compound fracture, wize-teeth, carpel tunnel X2!
that s a silly hat.
Poor people with AWEFUL teeth. I'm scared to ask, but #1 healthcare cover dental? #2 what's the problem US????
Bernie sanders getting down with the kids!
People would not have to be afraid of Ebola epidemic if all Ebola patients had free health care.
It's not free.  Medicare has monthly premiums.  It has deductibles and copays.  Bernie doesn't tell you that.  Read the m educate book
You're right. I was thinking of Europe. If people can get treatment, diseases won't spread.Good for all
Thank you for this! My favorite band and my favorite politician! What a dream team! 
Gotta be good if the Federal Government runs it
I sure don’t want healthcare to be like the DMV, but that’s exactly what it will be like under universal
"Why should we have to die from something silly?" Only in America or some 3rd World Country.  ENOUGH OF #SELFISHPRICKS WITH #PLATINUMHEALTHCARE & WADS OF DOUGH DECIDING WHO SHOULD LIVE!!!!! Isn't that a "Death Panel"?
Thank you Win!  Can we shoot hoops soon?
I thought that that was Rick from The Young Ones!
Medicare for all USA citizens! It's a matter of decency and a humans right! Wake up USA!
Medicare for all USA citizens! It is a mater of decency and a humans right! Wake up USA!
"Team Sanders", so I guess we will be seeing more Bernie2020 bumper stickers. 
 for the WIN
Mr Sanders, the govt of Bahrain charges 1 dinar from local residents nd two from foreign workers. They give full treatment.
We see that the thing that went to the baseball field&shot House representatives he came &saw u. Humm! Fishy what does a commie say?
Seriously, I'm supposed to trust a guy that wears that hat? Nothx.
Oh, so musical artists are experts on healthcare. And nighttime television hosts. hmm. OKAY.
Great points made as always. Especially love the celebrity politics part.
Another celeb who doesn't have to worry about money or health care trying to tell others what to do. #keepmakingmusic #stayoutofpolitics

Also, shout out to the lady in the background at 1:50. She was like where... are my fries.
Canadian actors again 
That's cool and all, but can you tell him that Everything Now sucked?
Congratulations @SenSanders you are the intellectual equivalent of a B-list Canadian celebrity whose claim to fame is a celebrity ASG cameo.
Uh nothing!
Canada  an all white country with no national defense spending....we should start shunting migrants and see how well it works
Hey Bernie, want to know the only difference between you and Obama ? You will never be president...
no thanks....
Find me a country with universal healthcare that are voting to get rid of it. I’ll wait.
Who cares. He's not really qualified outside of a personal opinion. Trying to use celebrities to convince the youth
Thanks for these interviews w/people on the Canadian health system.  Very informative! If only MSM did these. 
Thanks man this really was awesome & it super pissed my Dad off which is always entertaining! You da bomb @DJWindows98
Progressive all the way 
Found out by accident that this works much better than what USA has! @USAgov
Well...birds if a feather...commie together.
Um, you sat down w/ this dude?

Well, listen to HIS message on universal healthcare...
go to Canada please
Who?

born without money? where is your parents?
U.S. universal healthcare would be great if it’s instituted with cost controls and forsaking the the lobbyist bribes. Check out Germany.
I listened to this and it's the stupidest thing I've ever heard. Is he your offspring Bernie 
We are a free America. U socialist types are trying to force us to but something and telling us it's a right. Americans can't be that dumb?
Just had cataract surgery under Medicare $1400 out of pocket cost, laser knife would be $2000 more. Congress has subsidised h/c. It's FREE!
Leaders lead
Who the hell is Win Butler and who cares
There are other interviews on YouTube from Canadians who discuss the downside of their healthcare system. Theirs is not a panacea.
Will someone speak up about a Soc SEC COLA?  We are tired of being ignored by both Dems & Rep!
Healthcare SHOULD Not Be politics; is a birthright.
Health insurers profit from human suffering and yet somehow we don't equate that to a human rights violation.
They profit from non use & healthy that pay into pool of money that covers the sick.
Sam Walton started very small and through honest hard WORK built the Wal-Mart stores: this is America, not a whining socialist society.
Nothing says credibility and expertise like a rock musician.
So tell us Bernie how you're exempt from Obamacare & will be exempt from single payer Bernie-care too
So shut up Canada already!
only reason Canada can take care of their people is because we foot the bill that protects them. How’bout they start ponying up 4 defense
3 you still need to pay a lot of money just because the prices have gone up to high you just think twice about going to see the doc
2 you don't know if you can afford to pay for the medical bill now days is crazy how much you pay for a doctor visit if you have insurance
1Instead of looking at who's taking a knee we should pay more attention to things like this where you are afraid of going to the doctor bcs
Having money or a State paying health care is not enough: doctors must not lie and must not mistreat.
Is it possible to get Sen. Sanders to speak at a benefit show if we throw one?
For $400k, he needs another vacation home.
So sad why would anyone want to have below avg health care. Let's start by having congress get there own ins and pay for it out of there poc
No thanks, I am immune to the virtue signaling

Win who?....Arcade what?
Gov. Should tie in free healthcare with the forgiveness of student loans. There are plenty of interns that would work pro bono for this.
Thanks for your voice @arcadefire
SPAM,SPAM,SPAM,SPAM,SPAM!
That's why Canadiens come to U.S. for advanced surgeries.
Senator, I wish to thank you for your leadership on the health care issue. I'm behind you 100%. Keep speaking up!
We won in avoiding the wealthcare from our healthcare now we have to stop our taxes into becoming wealthfare for the rich their greedy asses
Yep. He said it - the US is all about the $$$. The #1 God that the US worships.
“Politics is a reality celebrity tv show”??? Aren’t you anti-Trump? Bernie going senile. Win Butler doesn’t get politics.
Stop confusing fame with competence or importance.
100% agree. It’s that sort of thinking that leads to Donald Trump becoming President.
Here's the unique perspective Win+his brother/bandmate Will bring: they were born+grew up US+now live in Canada as adults; see both sides.
Who?? What?? 
Let's take the best of healthcare ideas from Canada, Germany and Switzerland und bring it to USA 
Switzerland is one of the richest countries in the world and has a middle of the way health care system 
is he a witch?
look this is great and everything but could you have at least asked him NOT to dress like a fucking bloodborne character honestly
To be fair, this guy is a complete bourgeois toolbag that has no clue of the struggles of common people.. but sure he's a socialist.

Bernie , you lying coward , SHOW YOUR TAX RETURNS , you know , the way you promised to A YEAR AGO
US expat living in Canada. I have been offering to share my story. Im still willing. I was unemployed and very sick. No bankruptcy.
Food does grow on trees. Money doesn't; it comes from them
And finally, there's no force field between the scalpel and the patient #itsagame
Thank you
Is that one of the guys from U2?!?
This is your argument?
Trump Train kids must be bored today-They piled on this tweet like flies on .....
If you want to get dumber, read their replies
Butler alluded to what we live, the facade of government.
Wow what an expert you have there bernie
More propaganda from a virtue signaling millionaire living in Canada's system who likely pays for private medical for quality & speed.
the other thing this points out?#ESPN IS NOT LIBERAL MEDIA! Just anti controversial !
Health care is not simply what's right morally, it's what works best for everyone. I do better if my neighbor's healthy.
It's like what Paul Wellstone used to say: "We all do better when we all do better." RIP Sen Wellstone
The VA is the PERFECT example of how socialized medicine would work in America...BADLY
Trying to keep up we're on to tax reform
Who cares???
Wow, a new content rivalry is born: Bernie Sanders vs. The Ringer NBA Show. I'm always Team Bernie, but not today. 
Solid clickbait 8/10
Finally! I've been wondering what Win Fucking Butler thinks about *health care* 

Not really HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Will we be following Europe's lead in socialized medicine?  You know, eugenics for Down Syndrome and euthanasia for the Mentally ill?
Bernie is a great guy. he'll give you the shirt right off someone elses back.
One of my favorite bands @arcadefire kicking ass for all!!!!
We certainly have the money.Shave a bit of the military budget,expand medicareand presto ,universal health care.Easy Peary
The constitution says that the Government must provide for the common defense, not health care. We already know that the ACA doesn't work.
It doesn't say pay for the common defense 3X over while letting people you are supposed to be protecting die because they can't afford care.
Love the way you tweet and you are spot on sugar!!!!
He studied photography and creative writing at Sarah Lawrence for one year. Certainly sounds qualified to advise on nat health care policy.
Well, look at the dumb ass advisers the Democrats have: Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, Elizabeth Warren, and Bernie Sanders.
@SenSanders ... And what does a member of @arcadefire know about healthcare reform??? About as much as you bern...go back to the home
omg
@CassandraRules @willchamberlain 
knew we should have skipped the concert
Hey Bernie, who cares what this guy says.  Don't you get it?
Why should we care what he has to say who is he?
Great team! Great band, great human. Wish we had #Canadian HC here in the USA. #singlepayer now.
So move to Canada.  Leave the rest of us alone
Who are the rest of "us"?
really? 1 guy and now we are all terrorists? white supremacists are terrorists and they all support Trump.
Let me guess - he wanted everything now?
Looking for signs of universal life support.
