ALERT We don't have any Social Security Zero Gone Zip
GOP counting on their supporters being terrible at grade school math.
Only from Illegal Immigrants!
The numbers show the & going up every year. What cuts are you talking about?
Is this what Trump ran his campaign on? We knew that what he really meant. Liar in chief.
The effects of attempts to repeal the ACA are already apparent in Medicare. If I keep the same MC Advantage Insurance for 2018, my premium and deductible will increase, and my coverage will decrease with higher co-pays across the board.
You must be on Obamacare cause mine went down $3.00 a month. - and I have 100% with no co pay on anything Looks like you make bad choices
Americans worked to get Medicare insurance. Stop hand outs to billionaires. There the first with their hand out more, more, more.
GOP is evil, they want to destroy america, ISIS should just sit back and hope GOP get votes
Over 10 yrs for a 5% cut. Untwist your panties, and I say that gender-neutral.
;)
Scumbag Republican Party they will not get away with this!
Bernie, where can we learn more about this?
It's there dream come true to end Medicare!
Their dream is to end the New Deal and the Great Society programs.
That would be awesome. Our dream is for everyone to be self-reliant and responsible for the decisions they make. How terrible that is.
It it won’t be spent on Medicare where would that money go?
And to fund th TAX CUTS for the rich. They have to make it up somewhere.
Mr. Bernie we need more people like. We appreciate all your hard work. May God give you more strength to keep you going. Thank you!
yeah! More socialists trying to destroy our country.
So important. In Puerto Rico they can't charge phones. Trying to get solar chargers there. GoFundMe The link is  https://www.gofundme.com/Power2PuertoRico …
A cut like that will cost lives. Why does GOP hate Seniors??? We will not let them kill us via limited services. Ain't happening - period!
Fake News everyone knows you by now Bernie
Nfw
Yeah in 5 years.  However most baby boomers will be done by about 40%.  So cutting it to population size is about right.  Oh, forgot that?
Cut?  Or gut?
Obama never took from Medicare. Google and find the truth. Don't look at the lies the heritage foundation spits out.
This is never ending.
It’s a continue fight don’t give up! The other side doesn’t.
Wait - don't I pay into Medicare with my withholdings from work?   How can they cut MY money?
You pay in and your employer pays in. Government DOES NOT pay in. This is NOT an entitlement and the government has been using our money!!!!
I believe that According to the law the government is suppose to pay it back - unless they plan to call it in default and sunset Medicare!
Once again, they are looking out for themselves and the other 1%. The budget would cut from those that need to give to those that don't.
Quick, R's break it faster b4 they fully realize how good it would work 4 every one 2 have Medicare. #MedicareForAll #Medicare4All
Wake up America!! We're being robbed!!!
When I take my final breath I'll do it on the Whitehouse steps.
In next 20 years the death toll from uninsured will surpass the wartime death toll
Absolutely No!!!
This is bad and they are trying to pass it with that stupid reconciliation crap only using 51 votes and not 60. I can't stand them assholes.
@SenSanders @GOP Promises promises! #hypocrisy
The blood sacrifice bleeds on. C'mon, take those reversed pentagrams on their elephant logo SERIOUSLY!
Wow, let's move now. Name a country.
Give the money back that Obama stole from Medicare to grow the Medicaid population.
How do you think they are going to pay for the rich people's tax break , you know how bad they are hurting
Looks like it's still going up to me.
The only reason their doing it is to slow down medicare for all
Your own table shows it would increase from $586B in 2018 to $1066B (almost double) in 2027. If that's a cut, we need bigger cuts.
We need more people working & less on Medicare.
People aren't on Medicare until they are 65. We pay for Medicare insurance all our lives through payroll deductions.
Yeah, I read it as Medicaid.
Didn’t obama cut Medicare to help pay for government health care?
No, Obama didn't cut Medicare at all. The ACA eliminated the "donut hole" for pharmacy items n made Medicare more financially strong.
You’re bad at math. A 5% slower rate of growth over 10 years is not a “cut”
Thanks for sharing this Josh Miller-Lewis!
Slowing an unsustainable rate of growth is not a “cut”
ACTUAL spending increases by 480 Billion (baseline spending is a projection) only in DC is increasing spending by less than projected a cut
Don't you GOP guys ever quit? Are you Americans? Whose side are you on? You call yourselves fiscal hawks but fiscal goes only to the rich.
Sorry seniors, somebody has to pay for tax cuts for wealthy. Like Ryan says"the last time we cut senior benefits I was listening to 8 track"
The ACA cut Medicaid by 550 million,many Doctors no longer accept Medicaid. Medicaid not allowed to negotiate drug prices!Total incompetence
It's Fake Bernie Sanders jist like fake News
Just because it makes you uncomfortable and you don't like it, doesn't make it fake. Those are the real numbers. And it's boomers (more)
Like you who will suffer first

It'd be great to see anticipated pop. growth of senior citizens against the numbers making the 5.5%/450 billion reduction more insightful
Um....good
Here ya go middle class.
Medicare is bankrupt what is ur plan to fix it
Trumps is to defund it. Maybe the opposite of that?
What
The opposite of defunding something is giving it money.
Awesome
@SenSanders #BreadLineBernie
THIS PISSES ME OFF TO A NEW LEVEL
"cut the growth of Medicare"

Increases by 80% over 10 years instead of by 100% - not exactly what most people consider "cuts".
They tried to do it with the healthcare bill and failed.  Now they're trying to do it this way.  Their intentions are transparent and despicable.
Your a communist sellout

That is sick. Who in their right mind would propose such a thing. Fuck Donnie.
@SenSanders @jmillerlewis reducing the amount of increase is not the same as a cut. Stop lying Berntard.
The baby boomers are reaching retirement age and some already past it.  Medical inflation is faster than general inflation.

