You know if you join the military or qualify for scholarships, you can get school for free.
So you think that joining the military to get an education is a good idea? Imagine if everyone thought that way. You'd have a generation...
... Of soldiers adhering to orders given by their superiors, passed down by the highest authority. Basically, an authoritarian society.
Which is what America is well on it's way to becoming anyway.
Just saying there is options fella. Don’t get into your doomsday theories quite yet.
Well I'm just saying that military is a bad choice. Many people suffer psychologically from joining military rendering their education usles
Mark I get what you’re saying but there are so many more options to the military then being in the front lines.
if you can't afford to pay back loans don't take them simple no college here couldn't afford it got a job doing just fine and that's after being a landscaper for 10 yrs kept applying found a good job pay my own way
So only rich people should have access to higher education?
No that’s what student loans are for. You pay them off and you learn the feeling of having a personal responsibility
Or crushing life-long debt. It ruins people's lives. Not a good way to "teach" anything..
So just absolving debt fixes it? The quality of education will decrease b/c schools cant keep up with growing costs.
Invest debt free college = invest in USA, edu/vocational training -> better $ jobs -> more tax revenue -> invest in USA  & compete globally
But what happens when the colleges become overcrowded and those that were hired start taking pay cuts?
The quality of edu at public schools will decrease dramatically. I agree that there are some costs that should be covered -
In Switzerland and Germany higher education is practically FREE. University students only pay a token 'fee' of about $300 per term!
What Swiss or German college is top 10 in any ranking based on any metric? Top 20?
Moreover, since WW1, and especially WW2, some of the best academics left Europe to join American academia. That trend continues till today.
You are making my point. They are leaving to better schools. You can choose the metric. Not all rankings are hoax.
This video explains how college rankings are a hoax.
https://www.timeshighereducation.com/features/top-10-universities-producing-nobel-prizewinners-2016 … just a sample
I've seen it and that's great. I want US to be top but, I doubt it's because college is so expensive. These were top when tuition was 8k.
That's $20,000 today. Harvard's tuition is $43,000 now.
OHThan we could pay off the bankrupt college in Burlington, VermontWhat a idea
Forward
$70 bill is waaaay overboard. Could be used to help US citizens!
Nope
@SenSanders I’m ready to vote for you again in the Primaries...let’s finish what we started. #WeCanDoSoMuchBetter
I hope he runs and splits Dems again.  Expose them as the socialists they are.
Um no. I make ~23k a year. I deal with more bullshit than half these commie liberal kids do because they don't wanna work for their edu
They don’t want to work period
You right. They want to be handed everything on a silver spoon, and go out to parties and get drunk underage every weekend.
No we work (I make like triple you) but we also want those who don't have it, to have a fair chance. Not hard logic
Fair chance? Everyone has a fair chance. Its up to those individuals to better themselves and work for their education.
When our parents were younger they "worked" for it and the entire cost was less than a few month's rent. Now ITS A DOWNPAYMENT ON A HOUSE
You can still have student debt and pay it off, 40-50k debt isn't that bad for your education. If you're still paying off student loans at
They live with their parents or in subsidized housing, stretch every dollar, eat poorly...and most importantly can't stimulate the economy.
Except there is no money in that for #DeVos or those candidates who get kickbacks for putting students in debt.
Military is big business.  Education isnt.
education shouldn't be big business, it should be education
But that is how the Republicans see it.  If it doesnt make a few wealthy wealthier it isnt a priority
Liz Warren got paid $400k to teach one class. Yup nothing to see here.
that's capitalism nothing to do with student loans or public schools.  they hired her.
Great loads of over educated, debt free students versus no defence for the country they live in..... you're delusional
Somehow I don’t think he is saying ‘cut’ the biggest military force in the world.... you’re the one that seems to be delusional.
If money is repositioned how do we keep the military going, or r u willing to fight for ur country 4 nothing & with nothing ??
1/2 Severe cuts r already being made .. to lose any more funding for the military is ridiculous, yes students are entitled to an education
2/2 but not at a loss for our military
Drop the free college crap.
I believe in this however if you drop out then the bill falls on you!
Also you should meet a predetermined gpa! Not much to ask
Instead of falling behind other countries in STEM we could lead. But no, some fools think higher ed is pointless.
Hahaha!b4
Hell freezes
Let me hold a mil'
Please!!? I've got 5 kids
Nothing is free dumb butt, somebody has to pay
Without question, that tweet sir is the dumbest most moronic tweet in history!  What in life is free in a true market place that also has value??  Nothing!!
It's called working for what you want. Where's the motivation
There are many ways to get a good college education without going $400,000 in debt. If I can't afford to pay back a loan I don't take it!
That which is free holds no value. We should instead focus on lowering tuition costs at the same time build a better educational system
4:44pm EST
“Just checked @Twitter and @SenSanders is still #savage as ever. #politics #TrumpIsAMoron #TakeAKnee
Communist
You make me SICK
bernie, when college is free and businesses then requires a masters instead of just a degree, what will u do then?
Lets get out of Afghanistan, we are wasting money there.
Hell yeah, Bernie. Educate kids, don't send them to murder and be murdered for pointless wars!!
Yeah send em off to the re education camps to learn who they should hate!
No, teach them to think for themselves. 
About who is oppressing them yeah!
That’s the problem with permissible debt. If you can’t pay as you go, then you shouldn’t go. Who benefits from loans? money lenders!
Yeah because you only need to be half a doctor, or half a lawyer if your money drys up.
Why not become a plumber? How about a police officer? Maybe a janitor at the local college? Save your $$$ >>then become a whole doctor!
Everything you mentioned involves getting some sort of expensive education except for being a janitor.
Expensive perhaps. Nowhere near the astronomical expense of a college degree but could provide similar if not better earning capability.
No id say being a police officer and a 4 year state school are about equalivent
Or helping the PEOPLE DYING OF THIRST AND STARVATION IN PUERTO RICO!!
Bingo!
NOBODY GETS A PENNY UNTIL I GET A FULL REFUND FOR THE TUITION I ALREADY PAID!!
#Progressives! Slaves don't need education EUROPE bought that argument now thier daughters are tortured sex slaves!
GOP wants to take us way back to a time when only the rich can consider higher education.
That is falling apart .  Military has equipment falling apart.  FIX OUR first defense Military.  Pay YOUR OWN education
9) if your response is that in some European countries they provide this, yes, but have you looked at the restrictions and limitations?
I think that they personally respondsible for signing on the dotted line when they applied and accepted these loans. It's not our problem.
She was stupid. I went 2 cheapest college & medical school & worked whole way through keeping loans less $ 60 k then USAR paid $30K. B smart
Can we do both??
Give it up Bernie!! Your philosophy preys on those who work for a living!! Paying off the national debt is more important!!
We already pay off the national debt, every day.
We are 20 trillion in dept. That needs to be addressed and payed off first! Who in their right mind spends money they don't have??
Bernie does
Drain the GOP and vote for Dems. to see our dreams take hold !
Yeah, you can elect the next Maduro.
Free college for who? Not my kids. Somebody's paying for it and I have 2 of my own to put thru college.
No. That’s retarded
Talk about "devaluing" the value of an education.  It wasn't enough that you and wife blew up one university, now you want to do it to the entire system.  And in the process eliminate personal responsibility.  SMH.
really ???????????????????????????????????????????
or stop funding illegal aliens
The government don't want to educate because educated people make independent thought out decisions and they don't vote Trump.
College can be free for them by joining the military.  Something for nothing? Work for it! Stop socialism!
Are you really serious, get a LIFE>
then we would have no defense and a bunch of whiny brats expecting trophies and gold stars for every minute thing
Oh, we can go to the U in VT free? Oh wait, no we can't! Your wife bankrupted it, with your help!
Yes and all those students will gladly volunteer to provide protection against North Korea and the Muslim terror groups.
The good jobs in the military are not given to just high school graduates
Give $70 Billion so they can be indoctrinated into your way of thinking?  No thanks.  Besides, not a ton of work for people with a masters degrees in Gender Studies
I agree but what are we going to do about those poor billionaires who need tax relief? How will they survive.
Why do you expect someone else to pay for you? They shouldn't have to pay for what you elect to do. You are not their responsibility. Man up
Maybe taxpayers should man up. I don't want to live in a society of stupid people w/no reasoning skills. Take my tax money and help them!
Taxpayers pay all the taxes! lol! They do man up! Do you have any idea how much we pay in taxes? property taxes, sales taxes, school taxes,
Well then stop whining that some taxpayers want to improve things for ourselves/others instead of bombing brown people all the time.
Who the hell is bombing brown people? We like improvements but we need to get rid of the government waste before adding more taxes.
You are the next US president sir !!
Hillary will never allow that to happen.
How could USA fight any wars if the military has no funding ?
These colleges have become huge country clubs, reduce infrastructure , reduced cost, problem solved!
Pay for education you want, cost will come down. Need market sanity.
You’re losing it, Bernie! Why don’t you pony up a couple million and pay off some grad’s loans? PUT UP OR SHUT UP, YOU HYPOCRITE!
It's funny you mention a politician trying to 'waste' millions on convenient education while Trump is blowing $80 million on golf trips.
Like Obama did
No. A paid for college education is available to all military personnel. It is “Earned not Given”, which makes it far more valuable! MAGA !
I didn't know that Irish and German degrees were lesser *facepalm do you hear yourself lol
So, people who are against this basically feel that US doesn't need people with higher degrees? Most innovation happens in research programs
Most innovation happens in the private sector.
It starts in research universities & then those people take it to the private sector and work on projects.
Without those grant-funded researchers the private sector would be lacking the highly skilled workers it needs for further innovation.
Bad idea we made grade school and high school free and got liberal fascist morons. Better we close government schools, end student loans
$70B on top of $640B on top of $40B for homeland sec? Why do we need to spend nearly a third of bud on def, more than next 10 countries.
Maybe because like it or not this country has gone around the world spending blood and treasure to help people. Should we stop this?
25% def budget is nothing but public paid jobs program for military indust complex.Do we need a new B21 bomber to replace B2? F35 can't fly?
Focus on healthcare. College isn't for everyone and if you make it free you're taking the inherent value away.
I agree. So many students in debt that hinders their education opportunity
I agree that std debt is a problem, but absolving us of all debt thru free education isn’t the right step either. Quality of edu will drop
My son/his wife have been married 2 years & they're moving in with us 2 pay off large student loans. With degrees not enough 2 pay + rent
They made bad decisions.  That is their problem not mine. Should I pay for the worthless degrees they borrowed for?
Unless you're a wall St speculator, a big bank or large financial institution don't think you'll have to pay for it:
I’m an investor and a tax payer.  I pay for the defaults.  Don’t get an education you can’t pay for.
Then most Americans won't get one. I'm  a nurse & my husband a machinist. We've worked hard all our lives. Some just aren't wealthy like u
My responsibility is to my own children. I paid tuition K-12 and college.  Try a local JC and loans.
Free no. Reasonable tuition and low interest rates yes.
Yeah well without a military we won't need to worry about an education.
Another *$700 Billion

Fixed it!  

#antiwar #solarpower
Completely ridiculous.
Yea, the snowflakes will defend our liberty. The military is just a right wing war monger machine!
Most of these I am entitled students should learn a trade because they are not critical thinkers, learn a trade & pay your own way thru life
Apparently Bernie Hood, it is clear that you do live in an alternate universe. Have you seen the world around us? How's Europe doing?
You post is dishonest. No student nd incur $400K in loans. Community colleges $1500-1800. State colleges $5000. Lots of financial aide
Anyone who decides to spend $50K/yr on college & finance it makes tht decision & owns it. Its called personal responsibility
You can join the military or learn a skill. Stop thinking everyone is college material. Some kids just don’t have the aptitude or the drive.
Instead of giving away school for “free”, imagine what kids would gain if they actually would have “work” for it ... responsibility, an understanding that things aren’t just handed to them and an accomplishment that they “figured it out” without handouts.
At least SOME SKIN in the game
& would FORCE them to consider HIRABILITY

SOME people=UNHIRABLE at any Educ Level 

ATTITUDE
Entitlement
What about us that couldn't get student loans because we were too poor?
The US spends circa 25% of federal budget for inner&outer security. 
T.military industrial complex is out o proportion.Ordinary taxpay. m-y
We have enuff Brain Dead college students now that can't get a job cuz they're programmed to be idiots! Education Reform needed!
Would college really help those who won't go because they don't want to borrow to pay for it? Having skin in the game is important.
It’s sad but thank your campaign for helping @realDonaldTrump get elected. You helped make this worse
Military comes first Bernie.....O!! I forgot you are a socialist
Agree. Same thing goes for health care and doctors and nurses. NOTHING IS FREE. Communism doesn't work!
Taxpayers will be in poverty supporting all the ppl wanting their free HC & Edu. Standing of living will plummet. Venezuela here we come.
Do NOT Try to talk REAL ECONOMICS, Tax Burden, Sustainability & Behavioral SCIENCE to  Liberals.

WASTE of TIME
I wonder how much impact it wld have if ppl not only had to prove their identity, but that they paid their taxes to vote. 
These clowns have been living on student loans.   To stupid to relize they have to be paid back.   They should have gotten a job.
10) Have you compared the size of our two countries? Have you compared our immigration policies? And have you compared the roles we play in
Classic Bernie. Maybe the 7 billion Obama gave Iran could have been spent on tuition.


Don't Worry,  D.Me

There's 150 Million of us who WILL DEFEND USA
& Against  IDIOTIC Liberals who wanna DISARM
That is a very good idea. On one condition. That they give up the right to vote for presidency for the next 20 years!
Better make foreign languages the only subject. When they take over we'll need to speak their language, because they won't change for us.
Here's an idea. Learn a trade that's desirable and go to work. Stupid libs take on massive debt for worthless degrees
So basically you want to devalue higher education. How about supporting vocational training.
Or these students could get a job
BuT wHo's GoNNa PAy FoR tHaT????
College IS NOT FREE!!! #ufn
That’s fucking dumb. I’d rather have soldiers than another 5000 liberal arts majors.
We could stop illegal immigration that costs the US $135 billion a year and use that towards education and still spend $$ on the military!
Now THAT WE would SUPPORT!

GREAT idea.

AMERICA FIRST

#MAGA

Education is over-priced!!   Fuck free tuition I paid my own way!
Great idea! NOT! So protecting Americans is not a priority for you?
Bern, I’m not sure you know what free means.
So 13 years for free isn’t enough? Yeah...ok. Maybe you should sell one of your houses and send a kid or two or three to college.
The first college reform we need is a repeal of racist Affirmative Action
Here's a happy compromise #BreadLineBernie if your lazy little entitled followers want FREE college, have them join the MILITARY
she would be better off going to a trade school.  college is a rip-off, in alot of cases
Spot on Bernie.

We must all demand that our military does less with less.
Ur insane
You bankrupted a University.  Not on solid ground here Bernard
OMG this #loonySocialist should retire. Students are learning nothing at the leftist run schools.
I have $40,000 in student loan debt.  This profit off of students crap needs to come to an end.  Thank you for working towards this!
Who profiting?
What if after spending huge tax payers $, some fail to graduate from college! There must be some responsibility towards consumers!! Downpmt!
You have study points when you start. If you fail you loose them and have to pay more yourself. Works fine in Belgium 
That sounds like an alternate solution.
Didn't ur wife embezzle millions from some college. How many tuitions  cud that pay for?
Yes let’s please ignore the evolving world security Issues that directly impact the United States and international stability. Apparently
An aggressive Russia, China meddling in the international waters which will directly impact international shipping are no big deal. You
Can’t expect continued success if you can’t guarantee the free flow of goods to and from the United States as money comes from commerce
Liberals MAY have to reread that a couple of times to get it, IF they EVER do

https://youtu.be/1P8aCCYuXgE 
Over $28,000 in student debts and currently unemployed & living in a shelter.  Thanks America
Who fault is that ? Worthless degree!
College is not for everyone.
Think college is expensive now if using tax money tuition will double and triple and your taxes will also

The colleges are turning our youth into idiots! Better they go into the military instead of college.
ㅡseoul korea 고학력 실업률  대학생의
ㅡ눈의 하늘만큼 높고 일자리는 턱없의
ㅡ부족하 그래서 쉰다.~
People, you can  RIGHT CLICK to  TRANSLATE !

This Guy in South Korea is SMART !
an ENGINEER
has EVIDENCE
Yes, so they can be killed by NK and Iran before graduation. I think u r one the old dreamers
Sure, just what we need , a country full of useless sjw degreed morons that think they’re owed a living.
How about ur kids get out of tax money and u pay 100 % of there collage
Most corporations will reimburse most of you bachelors, masters and some cases doctorates
How about spending some of the money on #PuertoRico
Why so PR government can squander it again how do you think they got in this mess to begin with? They’ve been waiting on a hurricane 4this
So it's better to let them die? No water? No basic necessities? I'm not saying build them palaces. Just don't let them die.
No one is letting them die but San Juan mayor who held the USA supplies so she could add her political rhetoric
Puerto Rico is more than just San Juan.
All the mayors of the other cities & Governor said our Prez was doing a good job only SJM complained yet y’all running w her rhetoric?
I am going with what my friends' family says.
Well I’m going with what my client who has family in PR says!
No free lunch
LOL

Spoken like 1 of our NO NONSENSE Followers

Most of those look UNHIREABLE under ANY Circumstance/Education

ENTITLEMENT Mentality
How about setting up a vehicle to allow people to make payment on college loans pre-tax through employers...like FSA accounts?
Are you going to offer them jobs as well? You never ran anything other than your campaign.
So the little snots can run to safe spaces while we're under attack? No thanks, Bern.
I didn't think it was possible but Sanders is dumber than Hillary Clinton. Being a democrat causes brain drain in a massive way!
Let's start with the two million your wife's stoled..lol
Nothing is free. Taxpayers will have to pay for it.
BS/your a socialist/period/your ideas are BS/Let people make their own decisions/leave gov.out of it/make college more affordable
Other countries are so eager to try and diamanté us
@SenatorBernieSanders ! About  you  and your Socialist buddies, pay your salaries to cover this "Noble cause"  !
making college free is the easy solution and will result in teachers pay getting cut even more
WE NEED TO MAKE THEM PAY BACK WHAT THEY OWE! NO MORE MONEY TO LIBERAL COLLEGES
Lower costs instead of making someone else pay...this leads to increasing costs like the current system of easy loans...colleges charge...
What they want not what the piblic can afford
Bernie you are beating the free colleges to death....jump on another subject please.
Why don't you tell us how you're going to fund free college for everyone rather than just repeating that statement over & over  again?
Hey Bernie, it's called the #ROTC. Kill 2 birds with one stone. O and by the way, it already exists
I don't mind helping to contribute to the cost of my education but the ridiculous interest rates for FEDERAL loans are practically criminal!
Rates are high because high default rates make them risky.
When I first applied to college in 99 they were 1-1.25%. Now they're 5.8-9%. Default or no, that increase is unacceptable for a fed loan.
Interest rates were over 10% in early 80s.  I borrowed a little and paid it back.
Ummmm, we're $20 TRILLION in debt. How about we not spend it on anything.
I’d ask if you and your followers are retarded but the science is settled on that.... there is a differing opinion then there is retard...
What? So college is free but America gets beat down by our enemies because we have no military to stop them. Hear that North Korea, bring it
Lead by example, have ur wife find the money she is indicted 4 & donate it, then give 1 of your houses up to start a scholarship endowment
How about developing some balls and stand up to that mess in the White House
1) I'm all for not spending more money on the military. But making public universities free is a pipe dream and would destroy them. Why?
We should look at the cost of collage to make it affordable a better solution. 2.7 trillion raided from SS trust fund. Honor our obligations
and leave the country defenseless to attack from those who intend us harm? Kinda stupid don’t you think?
Get a job I didint get free school I had to work my ass off to survive Healthcare for all is more important
College isn't all that helpful. I just had to RT Bernie today ;)
Who's gonna pay for it?    Not me
Increased Welfare Grants for College Professors?  @SenSanders thinks they need it, does he?
Here in Quebec university costs around $3,500/year and some graduate studies can be free if supported by the local job center. #dumpTrump
and you pay 40% on taxes.   NOTHING is free, ever!!
"Theirs no money to feed the poor, but theirs money for war" #2pac
If someone wants to attend college....either their parents pay for it ....the student could also pay for it....but no free college..
Stay in state at public university. If parents can’t afford. Work part time jobs. Student loan. Pell grant. Same opportunity for all.
Bernie NOTHING in the real world is free!  Having never held a job I am assuming that concept eludes you. #DrainTheSwamp
Don’t run in 2020
Definitely run in 2020
He’s a loser.
4) whether it be administrative or professors would seek employees elsewhere (private university). And I suspect you would see a an uptick
How about healthcare?
Why should the government have to pay for everything under the sun?
Only in Bernies' world is $70 billion free.
Maybe we can bring back some of the 1.7 billion Obama paid Iran in cash and that can go towards relieving some of the student loan burden?!
Go away old man, we are so sick of you!!!!  #StillWithHer
The only way we can afford what you're suggesting, is if we start limiting who can go to college. Is that what you want?
A) pay for your own college B) we need more craftsmen not witless unskilled collegians
Perhaps spending money on the defense of our country enables people to attend college?
Hey BERNIE... what PLANET do u live on where u think EVERYTHING should be FREE? TAKE UR SOCIALISM AND STICK IT WHERE THE SUN DON'T SHINE!!
Common sense dictates to reduce the military spending just enough to reduce post secondary tuition by 50%. Free might create some cruisers.
maybe college shouldn't cost so much since information is free. Gov. ruins everything it touches
Sure @SenSanders, let’s make the country less safe. Great idea!
So... entitle Americans and weaken our military defense? Wow! Great plan! Your family is dead but your tuition is free if we ever rebuild.
Are you kidding me? Ya let’s just get rid of the military and make everything free. #idiot
