By making us all poor and by making you and your friends more elite...? Yep, pretty much the plan, huh #BreadLineBernie ?? USUCK
I assume you voted for Trump, but if you didn't, ignore the following tirade and I apologise. If you did, infact, vote for Trump and you say
that Bernie is trying to make his friends wealthier, you are a sad, one-sided, easily persuaded, gullible sheep, as Trump's estate tax
repeal would DIRECTLY make him and his family richer, whereas I can see no way that Bernie is accumulating wealth other than doing his job,
considering that a universal health care system would, in no way, make him richer.
No, it wouldn't make him richer... just us more poor. You want elitists in charge of your life and I don't.
We don't have to agree on everything but having the government (no matter whos in charge) get more power -is stupid
Do you really trust the government?? Be serious... you act educated.. you don't think govt's can become tyrannical?
Your poor grammar and assumedly small vocabulary shows your low intelligence. Your opinion holds little water, as you make no points and
just make an accusation.
I apologise for the typo at the beginning.
1st we consign the Democratic party to the ash heap of history. The Republicans, DSA & Greens will not be far behind.
A partyless system would be AMAZING, as the electoral college would fall with it, and with that, gerrymandering and pre-decided votes.
Not party-less, silly, We'll need a communist party or something very much like one in order to express the will & necessity of the working class.
Or at least some parties that make sense, ifwe can't get a serious communist party. Also more than 2 major parties would be great.
Why don't you just move to Venezuela and help them enact "real" Communism?
He's not a communist, which is why he's not in Venezuela.
You can't build people by dragging others down to their level, and that's what you Socialists do
Bernie is a socialist and we expect nothing less than this from him.
You seem to forget ALL Americans can become anything they want to be. But it takes work. Oppression is self inflicted. You can rise above it
Problem, socialists only believe you can rise when a socialist government does it for you.

How's Socialism Doing in Venezuela? https://youtu.be/CCIdm3cM6zQ  via @YouTube  @SenSanders
what a joke
How is it ever equal?  You first. Have your wife give away the millions she stole from the university then you give your salary away then call the rest of us. Easy to spend our money. It gets a little harder when it’s your own
Ok lefty come defend her.  It’s on every news feed.  Both side are crazy corrupt.  You are either pointing a finger or defending.
How we can create a more equal society? 
It's been tried Bernie, many spectacularly failing, genocidal times. #IgnorantOfHistory
But but the democrats will do socialism correctly this time cause they know all.
Bernie. Let's stop talking & start doing. Forget collecting  People have the power. Let's come together & make shit happen. Like now.
It's easy Bernie, take all our Income and all our wealth. Give us each equal shares. Like they do in all the successful Communist Countries.
Straw man fallacy
Equality is not the main issue. It's education in morality and being a productive member of the human race though not like anyone else.
Leave people alone you #Tyrant
Tackle global inequality and poverty by a return to ethical practise in leadership.
You are a communist and do not belong in our government. Can’t wait for you to be voted out.
how about by creating jobs like President Trump has done?
Or his own
Prosecute you politicians that believe you are above our laws,WE THE PEOPLE want to see corruption in DC end.Begin by resigning
How odd that you see corruption in Bernie and assumedly not in Trump.
It is a known fact Bernie and his wife have stolen ,misappropriated funds on several occasions.Look when he bought the new 600k plus house.
Socialist like Cuba or Venezuela?lol
U can start making a personal  sacrifice and   live like the rest of us
there has NEVER been such a concept as TRUE equality.  you pay your money, and you take your chances

MIRE SOCIALIST CRAP BERNARD.  WHO IS THE INSTITUDE FOR POLICY STUDIES? LET ME GUESS... MIRE SOCIALISM.. EVERYTHING FREE IN AMERICA ???

The way it would be Bernie if you move to Europe everybody would be happy
burn it all down?
Get rid of you would be a great start.
You could start by stopping the killing in Chicago!
First step, declare liberalism is a lie. It promotes so many untruths as to be dangerous. Look at Venezuela.
Retire old man before you hear your fired
Hey Bernie,you first.sell your 100k corvette,then your 650k lake house you bought last year and then if Mrs. stays out of jail , we'll talk

Equally miserable society
I don’t want a equal society!! My work ethic deserves more than someone collecting unemployment, food stamps, & so on.
Equal for whom?
You could start actually doing your job rather than obstruct everything or simply hold your breath for an hour or 2 :)
Well if you only had one house, we would be more equal

Already have one. Everyone has equal opportunity. You're talking about equal outcomes. Please see Venezuela.
Bernie Sanders head of national socialist party of America. There was a national socialist party in Germany around 1939.
Cuba has a more equal society, China, Russia....but in America you and I are equal individuals!
So what are you calling equal society?  I don't believe it involves distribution of wealth.  We work hard for our money and pay our taxes.
Let's see, some of your socialist liberal ideas.whites give their money to blacks.Allow everyone into America.Then give them all well-fair!
We already are
More equal is when we are all pounded down by government with a hammer we paid for. Bernie gets to swing the hammer.
Hammer and Sickle baby lol
How do yo spell Yogoslavia
Hint: tell the deadbeat liberals to study, work, and take a few risks to achieve what they want: don't whine to a government.
Now that we're rebuilding PR. Can you talk about how you can create a more equal infraustracture and hold some people accountable down there
Not long ago, welfare people in the US were better off than 80% in the world: socialists have trying to put everyone there.
2 Old, White, Rich guys talking about a more equal society.  Huh??? Seems about right.
If you have a completely equal society then no one want to pick up the garbage
Get lost phony .
You won't get there by ignoring black and hispanic crime statistics.
You mean a more socialistic society that kills democracy and capitalism!
Long Overdue Senate.Sanders
The government should not be creating anything
Uhh, more unfettered opportunity, more capitalism!
I'll take your summer home for starters & please pass your accountant info, 12%? I'll take it!!!
People who dont work as hard as I do shouldn't be equal to me.  I shouldn't be equal to those who work harder than I do.
It's a simple concept that Bern can't grasp.
Mr. Sanders, will I hear how you will redistribute your wealth to the cause? Sell your 3 houses and spread around? #NoSocialism #TermLimits
Yes, and equal society of shared misery.
Get rid of laws giving advantages based on race!
By eliminating minority privilege and entitlements, equal doesnt mean guaranteed success means equal failure as well
' Isn't it amazing that The U.S. and Russia have 2 different ' interpretations ' of equality ?
Or am I wrong on thinking that?
" Bernie Pampers "
Once more renaissance in world for equilty .
you can get out of politics
Who funds the institute for policy studies?? I'd like to know. Sounds very benign. I always worry when I here Senators meeting with these.
I thought that single payer medicare system proposal was the solution to creating a 'more equal society'
Go full-blown communist Bernie. Then everyone will be equal. Equally miserable and poor.
You will never be President
Societies are never "equal" They never will be. If you're game then you be the first to give over all to equalize. C'mon sell an estate or 2
Socialism Is Dying Everywhere from Europe to South America #Failure
How so? As I see it, the problems are arising from terrorism and other mass violence, whereas UHC and free education are working as intended

WaPo fact checker on Rubio's claim that no recent mass shootings would have been prevented by gun laws -- CORRECT http://wapo.st/1NHyXmU?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.005d6a0e8aa7 …
YA KEEP YOU AWAY FROM POLITICS WERE ALL GOOD!!!!!

Equality starts with you! Lead by example! Distribute your things and wealth first. Others will follow your lead and example!
3 houses owned by this socialist
hey Bernie, you'll never be 25 again. lay off the eagle eye for the easy chicken.
The Crypt-Keeper Lesson of the day: How to steal Money from poor College Students and Tax Payers! Featuring Bernie's thieving wife!
Bernie always...
Jesus, just retire already

Sorry Senator. I don't use Facebook.
A good start would be for congress to stick to infrastructure & defense. Capitalism does a much better job of allowing citizens to prosper!
no it doesn't
Hats off to you @SenSanders - it must have been an exhausting Summer rotating between your THREE houses. #EqualityforAll
Bernie Panders.
A CROOKED liberal communist
The president of the country now calls Las vegas shooting a "miracle"
That's funny. A Socialist talking about equality.
Hey Bernie, it's called Jobs

Everybody needs one
Right on Bernie! You always fight the good fight!
No he is a retard.  Pushing a failed agenda
don't go for equal - focus on EQUITY. This speaks to broader concept - who owns America? If it belongs to us all, then we have equal stake.
Hate to break it to you. Life quits being equal in kindergarten
Team Trump has more Russian ties than a Nordstrom in Moscow
Republicans have the standards of a limbo contest. Keep lowering the bar and praise what gets under. Sad!
Trump has thinner skin than Trojan Bareskin Condoms.... And that’s thin. Ask my 3 month old... #TrumpleThinSkin
Trump calling for “National Unity” is like Jared Fogle calling for better child protection laws

Sea Monsters and ROCKET MAN! 
General Kelly must have to carry a cooler for all the beer Trump keeps asking him to hold...
