
Fake Info Meme. He taught at Harvard, fool, has worked 40+ hrs for 30+yrs on Congress. Net Worth now over $1mil. (book sales)
He lectured at Harvard.  That is fact.
All of my Profs lectured.  Don't tell them that isn't teaching.
cite your source.
This troll is not even American^^
whatever Russian troll^ NY never voted for Trump. LMAO
Why are you attacking #bernie when he wants to BASH Trump then?This GOP is one of the "only honest" ones they have. He fights against #trump
Got it! The quote was hard to see.
Bernie would have won. WILL win in 2020
No one wants a socialist government....definitely not I. And by 2020, this old bastard will be way too old to run. Thank goodness.
Socialism gave you the internet you are using to defame it. The roads you drive on, and more. FDR, Kennedy, Carter, Obama - dem socialists.
why is this on senate democrats twitter that man is not a democrat nor a friend to the democrats
Here's the .gov site for the leadership of the Senate Dems https://democrats.senate.gov/leadership/#.WeFvWVtSwUE …
Look at that! Bernie Sanders picture is right on it
that!! doesn't !!! mean!!! shit!!!
Actually party registration is the thing that doesn't mean shit. One could be a registered Dem but vote for/with republicans every chance.
he's toxic for the party but thanks for your input
Maybe you should try to get a position of power within the party then, because the people who have them seem to disagree with you
that's the plan
Bernie I wish you were president
Anyone but trump I’ll even take Bush back. I bit my tongue 

I quote @SenSanders "A man goes home & masturbates his typical fantasy. A woman on her knees. A woman tied up. A woman abused." #Weinstein https://twitter.com/CruzaderGal/status/919739226488496128 …
He's not a Dem. Don't promote him. He had his day. He needs to bow out, if his huge ego will let him.
He is more of a true FDR Dem than any other wearing a big D on their chest.
You must be a Russian operative. Where is Bernie's taxes?
Pretty funny. I think you'll find them closer to the Whitehouse.
http://amzn.to/2yjd5eH 
So not about Hillary losing. It’s about 99% of Americans losing everything. Focus on this budget which is a giveaway to the super rich.
all in fun brother..i don't care about politics.

Boy u guys are out in force today. Its hilarious that this is the best dirt u can come up w/ on a 76 year old man. OMG he wrote an essay! 
When the press ignores something, people twill fill the vacuum. If Trump wrote that you can bet on him never being able to live it down.
It was creative writing. Nothing more, nothing less. It wasn't a biography ffs. Trump admitted assaulting women on tape - he's now president
What a way to downplay and distort. If you don't know what happens with rock stars on a tour bus after the show, you are clueless.
The only one distorting anything here is you. Trying to take a quote from an essay out of context in an attempt to smear Bernie. Disgusting.
If nothing else, it just shows what a sick mind looks like. Not surprising coming from a dandruff-riddled commie.
The sick mind is yours. The fact u had to use a 40 yr old essay quote & try to twist it into something it's not, says more about u than him
I dont even know what you're talking about i just like it cause its Bernie Sanders! our next President!
Bernie likes the word "Incalculable" because he sucks at math.
Or because it is not yet known how bad this will effect people in the lowest income brackets...
Still the most popular politician in America.  That's why he's chosen to speak most often.  For everything.
Not only that,but he is the most honest and truthful 
Not I, not the middle class, but you, sir, I hope it does.  You have become rich on the backs of we the people.
Hasn’t everyone?
so are we closer to SP, free college, unicorn steaks & the bloodless revolution you promised? @SenateDems @miamidecor
Many people are not interested in you @SenSanders. You are a known backstabber.
WHY is sanders speaking for Dems?  He isn’t a democrat
I'd say he's close enough. Definitely wouldn't consider his views libertarian, conservative or independent (don't care what he ran as)
Sorry, close enough isn’t good enough for me. I guess I carry grudges
Fair enough. Everybody is entitled to their own opinion.
Trump doesn't care how many he hurts. He just wants to "win" & get his own way. In his ivory castle, he is out of touch with reality.

Bernie the LIAR!

I thought he was an Independent...
#trump thinks he won the GOD title.
Government produces nothing of value. Just takes our money and overspends
No roads no school no hospital no police force no.... Putz
Maybe move to Mogadishu then
The Trumpanzees better realize this will affect them also, not just Dems and liberals.
As a lifelong Dem, I’m sick of this man, who’s not a Dem, being forced down my throat. If he’s your candidate in 2020, I will vote Indy.
The reverse was Sheriff of Nottingham took from the poor never telling anyone how much he really had
@SenSchumer WTF ARE U GUYS DOING.  Keep this crap show up with this clown and say goodbye to your leadership.  !!!
Put a sock in it Bernie , you have to be the MOST fiscal illiterate POS in the Senate! @SpeakerRyan @POTUS
I'm tired of working for everyone else but me.  Tired of companies leaving our states or country.  I want security, but no one offers this.
The problem is Bernie, I know many people who have gotten braces on their teeth, stomach band surgeries, breast implants, breast reductions, nose jobs, etc cosmetic surgeries..all on medicaid- while everyone else can't even afford insurance.  Medicaid NEEDS TO BE OVERHAULED!
So that's why you didn't have a chance at becoming pres. Go home
Stop explaining, reach across the aisle, build a veto proof coalition, carry out the people's agenda, & override 45s veto
The other side of the aisle isn't and hasn't been interested in talking about anything in a long time
Don't usually defend repubs but democrats could've admitted to flaws in Obamacare and reached across isle to fix it or compromise on new 1
There can be no dispute on which party is now driving up premiums & making American healthcare unaffordable for the masses
You're still not acknowledging your side lol conservatives are wrong. So are the liberals for not fixing the system failing in rural areas.
Many companies will not be matching your 401k.  Many are struggling because of the insurance hikes in premiums.
Trump is a real threat to the US. Every destructive policy and every dishonest speech brings us closer to the end of democracy.
Preach and then pray. You’re so right
Why haven’t the Dems banded together to get that racist mysoginist lying mentally ill thief out of that most prized office. Impeach his ass.
Absolutely Bernie! We stand united with you and always have! You’re our light in Congress!
The light of socialism. Check out Venezuela to see how it ends. Get real
Yeah but that country needs some serious help. Haha prob like me. Got no money and haven’t used what we had wisely
As a member of the middle class, I'm tired of paying for food, shelter and healthcare of people who won't get their lives together
Sad. When one gives, the universe will always respond with kindness.
Agreed.....but when the government isn't allowed to legislate karma. True kindness is voluntary, not forced. That is plain old theft
He is not a Democrat.
His credentials say so.
No they do not. His credentials, straight from his mouth, say democratic socialist. He is an Independent, not a Democrat.
Okay, but couldn't you find an actual Democrat to say it? It would certainly have been more credible.
You misunderstand, while it's obvious at this point that Bernie, the leadership must adopt some of his policies.
I hear you and I don't blame you. Really.
STOP SABOTAGING GRANDPA!
Get Bernie away from our party. Tell him to make his own bills since democrats suck, leave our bills alone
@ABC @CBSEveningNews @abcnews @NBCNews  THIS is what dems are doing and what we are for since you want to pretend we’re not talking about it
Bernie!!!! 
NOW IS THE TIME FOR SENATE  DEMS TO PUT FORWARD THEIR PLAN PAYING FOR IT WITH TAXES ON MACHINES THAT TAKE JOBS.
Communist afraid you will loose your Health care
Kick the GOP out, Nov 6 2018! https://www.facebook.com/events/258223401286347 …
Bernie how come you are not posting vids from the CNN debate?
Dem leadership must always remember, " its the economy stupid"
Apb call to action time to fight!!!!!!!! They have the wealth but we have the numbers time to decide if you are sheep or you are a citizen!
That's the orange clown and the Repugs for you, immoral, inhumane, unAmerican, unEthical, cold-hearted bastards.
Someone needs to stop the dictator now!  His assaults on HC, P-R & free press not gud. Soon we’ll be in WWIII. PLEASE invoke 25th Amendment.
Really? Why? Because it's not giving free shit to everyone
Bernie get off the talking points oh how is the FBI investigation going
This coming from a person who has lived off the tax payers all his life....
The concern is not the election but the lose of healthcare for millions of Americans.
thank you
Check out Chris Murphy talking about healthcare on FOXNews. We need all the Democrats to do the same to combat the misinformation!
1/2  Bernie, with a GDP of 19.57T and a Debt at  20T, where will you get these billions for grants & abortions?  Borrow more from China?
Bernie Sanders' 1972 Essay on Rape...
3/3  Death tax does not just pass from rich to rich.  Plenty of poorer Americans can inherit too.  Gov will not get first dibs.  All earned!
2/3   Small businesses will get the greatest tax cuts since 1931.  Small business hires locally and reinvests in community & themselves.
1/3  Tax Reform give tax relief to 50% of Americas poorest.  Median income is 50K or less, those ppl get 1st, 12K-24K tax free.  That's huge
To clarify just one point: 0.2% is 2 people out of 1000 who would benefit from repeal of the estate tax. And those 2 are the richest people
Bernie you have already done damage to the ppl
of America, by running this country into 20 trillion in debt!!!!
SAY IT!!! Senator Sanders #DNCFraudLawsuit
If you get the opportunity, Please ask the President why we cant have Health insurance like Isreal does.
......... THANK YOU BERNIE!!! IM WITH YOU!!!!!!
“A man goes home and masturbates his typical fantasy,” wrote Sanders. “A woman on her knees.  A woman tied up.  A woman abused.”
Remember this one Bernie?..
Thank you Bernie for standing up for the forgotten people who don't matter to the rich and greedy.
Very Good Plane Of USA Govt.
Thanks for the real breakdown of the republican lies

@CNNPolitics @nytimes @MSNBC why Bernie because we wouldn't have to pay for illegal aliens anymore
No statement on Weinstein?
#GOP #Russiagate 
It’s Time for World Leaders to Help the USA with its Trump Problem
https://englishcode.wordpress.com/2017/10/13/getting-off-the-ww3-path/ …
They want us poor and dumb.
Democrats are out of high office for 24 yrs, at least. WE do not want your vision of America. Your vision will NEVER work. Go away.
Bernie, don't you have a court case to focus on? You make ZERO sense in ALL comments. Socialism will NEVER work in America. Ever. Go away.
Bernie is a socialist
His understanding of budget is "give it all to me, I'll spend it for you."
Just look at the executive order. I'm by no means A "TrumpTard", I bash him when warranted and praise when necessary. I'm praising this move
The Democratic leaders say you should. Not everyone he does is perfect but see past the person passing the legislation and
*Everything
Up instance purchasing across state lines INCREASES competition which also lowers cost. 
Stop fighting everything Trump just because
*insurance
This means that the low cost you see through your employer can happen with private citizens as well. Not to mention that opening
The Trump executive order costs tax payers ZERO. It also allows group purchasing by PRIVATE citizens, doesn't even have to be through a job!


This man is not a truth teller! He is a vote getter
But you just authorized more wasteful military spending, more than Trump even wanted! Think of how that money could have been better spent.
Go away Bernie, We will never allow socialism to take over America.
LOL.  What a dope he is. Hey bernie,  @draintheswamp includes you. Maybe you should have given your wife financial advise.  Or did you ;-)
@SenSanders only wants to give away other people’s money while him & his wife embezzle and seek bribes for their wealth.
Pushing the Communist agenda. My God, never thought I would see a Commie openly advertising for supporters in my life time
@vietrandy It's mind boggling that people believe a lie. They attack Trump over socialist Russian and the Election. Yet these same folks would vote in a Socialist.
Because liberals imported millions of illegals who worked for low wages and displaced disadvantaged Americans. You did it, Bernie
Listening 2these two insist middle class wealth 4blacks/Latinos will come from more GOV handouts...they just ensured black poverty 4ever
He's a Democrat Communist and Communists leaders live very well.
Next up for Bernie - taking the "Plastic Bag Challenge"!
you're whining about possible cuts to Medicare but ignore 0bamaKare taking billions to pay for it
Your death tax will take my family farm away.
But you prattle on about 'the rich'.
What about the other 300 million that cannot afford to pay for 0bamaKare?
Doubled my monthly premiums & now $5K of deductions.
Old lie old man with f --- up hair  .
Democrats should replace you next election
#ButHesNotADem ? Anyone? No? Anybody?
Dear senator Sanders about those replacement prosthetic limbs we some to you about for wounded warriors see enclosed
Ya... coming from comrade burn... not believable
Bernie, give away all your wealth and your 3 houses then talk to us about white privilege.
You are a selfish person Bernie, socialized, hillary/obamanevercared took my health care away and I can not get any.  I am not alone.
No it would not
Don't you have better things to do like retire to your 600k house in white river junction ?
You are a liar a hypocrite a thief and a all round piece of shit Mr sanders
Talk to your wife about a budget Bernie... remember what she did when she ran Burlington College.. remember the fraud Bernie???
sit down and hush!  YOU ARE NOT A DEM! Do not speak for my party you old fraud!
I http://sware.you  dems.are all the same  crying  baby's  everything you excuse Trump of doing  you people are freaking guilty
It worked great for Reagan it worked great for John Kennedy. So where is your evidence? Oh there is any that’s right
The Black, the Red and the Yellow people of this country and than the White people of America, plus Trump they see us as the walking Dead.
Suck on that already. #MAGA #Trump


This tweet just proves @SenateDems and @SenSanders are dumb as rocks, instead of this BS why don't you ask @HouseDemocrats about #ImranAwan
Thank you
#congressimpeachpotusnow
Middle Class American here. 50K yr, 5 kids, can't afford ANY premiums to use HC since Obamacare came to exist. Socialism is a FAIL!
#Impeach @realDonaldTrump
@HillaryClinton you need to move on from ego and help reunite our Democratic Party!
The real harm are people like you who mislead the American people. You are the danger. Preach falsehoods.
Obamanation care didn't
And what will you do @SenSanders. Tell us how YOU will stop it.  I hope you do
Yes Bernie
Yes Burny What? Take more money n buy more houses... preach socialism? Lie to your sheep? Burny yes what?
So no Dem could give the Dem address??
I call on Senator Sanders 2 put his $ where his mouth is & follow the example set by POTUS who as a public SERVANT is donating his salary!
So u want Bernie to milk us taxpayers for millions by playing golf all the time & staying at his properties? & private jets for his cabinet
Says the man who thinks everything is or should be free. Which would have to be paid for by the working families. No socialism in America
Would not expect anything less. Sad Socialist Dems do not want strong economy - just want to keep chains on. Sad Bernie
A tax cut where I get to keep more of the money I have earned. How is that a bad thing?
Thanks Bernie
Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Thanks burny... Ha ha ha. For what. Taking your money n selling out? Ha ha ha
Just think, that's a fraction of number murdered under communist leadership like you worship
LIES!
it only would do damage to the democrats who will have to now spend their own money, you r nuts, please go away
I want to thank you Bernie for all the things you have done and for all that you can do to shine a light on those hidden things in Congress
#ada another dumb American Anthony
Yo I'm sure the budget is a threat but North Korea might take priority here. He gotta get someone other than Trump to deal with it.
What do you expect from him? He cares less about this country. We need him removed
Democrats refuse to read the US Constitution. Fattening up Corporate Profits of Insurance Cos. is DNC get rich quick ZeroCare Scandal.
My income is down 50% compared to pre-dem control. Higer taxes means less jobs, less income. Solve that Senator.
So basic terrorism 101. You go you angry little man
Still pretending your an angry little socialist. #dramaqueenbernie
Not only a president Such as he but more politicians like him as well pay attention Democrats
Good ol Bernie telling it like it is as always, Good man there, That is the kind of man thi country needs as a President,
THE PRESIDENT INVITED YOU TO COME AND TALK .ARE YOU WILLING TO TALK OR IS YOUR MIND MADE UP ?
You need to go home, old man.
It irks the hell otta me that he once again uses the democrats for his stage.
My gosh you guys are so bitter.  Did you even bother to listen to what he had to say?

He's a man we don't needhalf the countryto help us win
You’re silly Bernie! Like @POTUS would EVER do ANYTHING to harm the working man (or woman) that’s just crazy talk you silly little man
Trump doesn't care. He just thinks he can manipulate the @DemWarRoom and @Senate dems . Democrats should have went with Bernie
#45 needs to go b/4 he does more damage to our country.
Would you like some cheese with your whine?
Start impeachment
Bernie isn't a democrat
Is Bernie a Dem?
@GeoffMiami @SenSanders "Bernie's not a Democrat." Funny how theres never a video of a Democrat saying these things. Users.
Love you Bernie you make the most sense
You talk in about Bernie's budget?
Dear people involved in this fractal of tweets,
Click and Scroll:
For further information on the sorceries of the antichrist's end times kingdom of Mystery Babylon, see this informative and easy to understand website. The man of lawlessness was given a large sword to take peace from the earth and decieve its inhabitants: https://twitter.com/ChrisDownsBooks/status/918495392269942785 …
Finally a new twitter profile pic! Looks much better
#Bernie you helped get him elected, now you have a problem with him.
Fear mongering... again! Someone needs to tell the Senator the sky is not falling and never will (at least in his lifetime).
Reread Robin Hood dumbasses
He took tax dollars collected by the government gave it back to the people end of story
#abolishIRS
