Old Bernie is so generous with other people's money.
Hey you. Why don't you go live in Somalia. Perfect example of how things would be if your glibertarian world view carried the day!
or you could move to socialist Venezuela and take old Bernie with you
Of you could move to Somalia.

Millennials are the future, and millennials love socialism.
hahaha - millennials like socialism bc they don't have to pay for it yet.
Or you could move to Guatemala who I hear has an awesome capitalistic system!
no thanks, we have an awesome capitalistic system right here in America.
Yes it's so awesome that millenials are the first generation to make less than their parents. So awesome Canada middle class is richer! 
Bernie - you do know that if you give away something free, that you are taking it from someone else?  Bernienomics
Trump loves the poorly educated. Hillary wants us to tweet emojis about student debt. Props to Bernie for actually fighting for a solution.
I'm sorry Bernie hasn't used his time in congress to erode our freedoms like the rest of them. Also this:
He voted for the ACA. We have the 2nd amendment. "Real job"? What r u, an astronaut rockstar? So anti porn, go back to Saudi Arabia.
Voted against Brady Bill actually, but ok. So being a safety manager is more impressive than being a senator?  you might be alone there bud
We're with you, Senator.
You paying for it?
We all will be. So yes, I am paying for it.
Nope we won’t be. Take that socialism elsewhere
Oh okay, definitely. Good luck stopping millennials.
You’re clearly one of the clueless ones so all the best
People have no respect for given material goods. They then take for granted a privilege. Somehow earn the “free” education.
Why should we pay for someone else's kids to go to college.
I have a need for a new car to be free. *Poof* DAMMIT! It didn't work. I guess I have to go to work tomorrow and earn a living :(
Without unions and regulations, your new car would cost twice as much
Actually w/o unions and regs it would cost half as much
I can’t, I need a free tv and a free cable service. Why aren’t those rights too? #hackpolitician
Say no more, we got you :)
LOL. The People's Fool. 

What else should be "free"? Houses? Yeah, why not?

#Nutcase
I'm guessing you didn't invite Ted Cruz to represent the other side.
Free? Somebody has to pay
Im a tax payer, I don’t think it would be free for me.
How about start by changing whole socialistic curriculum and firing tenured Alinsky professors to begin lowering the cost?

Nothing is free pal. Don’t be a schmuck. Provide scholarships, provide credits for service, work related education and apprenticeships.
NOTHING IS FREE!! You put it on the backs of taxpayers to pick up the tab. Quit distorting the truth. Typical Socialist!
I heard its done in Germany and have a higher literacy rate .
Please make BMWs free too. I really want one. And houses. Mine is almost paid for but a 2nd one at the beach would be nice.
DemocRATS and Communists love to spend other people's money. Ol Bernie took HilLIARy's and the DNC to walk away from the 16 election.
LoL
Need? Over 240 years of world leadership, and along comes Bernie...
It's not free.
You mean, “make other people pay for your tuition against their will?”
How's the wifey, Senator??? She looking good in orange these days?
Can't say enough! YES, yes, yes. We Need EDUCATION And hesalthcare for all.
Sure all staff work for free, kids grow food. It'll be great!
Delusional fool.
There is no such thing....my tax dollars will be paying for it
govt shouldn't be in health care or higher education, make both unaffordable
Hey! Bernie you lost!
Nothing is free other people will be over taxed to pay for some to have it free, most likely all non whites!!
Free for who? Get the colleges to stop charging tuition altogether otherwise it ain't free.
Will you start by selling one of your homes to help pay for it?
Don't need free tuition. We need Gov 2get off backs of biz. So we can get jobs out of college. Stop meddling it was fine b4 caps were lifted
 Shouldn't you be at home helping your wife with her defense?
Bernie Sanders as Mayor of Burlington Vt, hung a Russian Flag on his wall, honeymooned in Russia loves Cuba, hates capitalism & is a Marxist
Bernie, nothing is free.  I have already paid for my children's college education and I am not about to pay for someone else.
Who is going to pay for it really!!!! MAGA go 45 build the wall, cut taxes, rebuild the military,repeal the ACA,and more American jobs go 45
Bernie, your socialism would be more believable if you weren't a millionaire with 3 homes, and you wife wasn't a thief!
This is the worst idea ever. The last two things we need are more people in college and more debt.
Did you read what happened when England did this?  Disadvantaged poor, payed better offs.
Clarifying my previous reply, “Bernie” is the idiot”.  
As someone who sent 4 kids t college-lets make EVERYTHING free We can all turn in our paychecks on Fri. night-and let Gov't take care of us.
Ya that's only if we sign every one of them over to being government run and we all know how that will go.
This is ridiculous and not needed and devalues education
Ur an idiot.
They call that High School
Who buys the toilet paper for the bathrooms & paints the buildings??
‘Free’ college tuition ISN’T free!  We’ll be paying it in higher taxes over the course of our working lives.
Bernie Sanders; proving Trump right 24/7. Hi Bernie! #FeedTheBots
So they can brainwash more kids with communism?
For non US citizens?
and you and your wife are putting the private ones out of business, 1 down
@SharylAttkisson when colleges award posthumously degrees to bad boys..Treyvon Martin.. lost value..no one entitled to free educ
rethinking...maybe military vets deserve free education...even w/vs benefits we had to pay..
Tell me when you find professors willing to work for “free”.  Old and senile people shouldn’t hold positions of leadership.  #commoncore sux
Please hold a town hall on bank fraud -how to.
Racist! White supremacist, woman hater! Ok just wanted to see what it would be like to be a Liberal. Nothing is free Bern, taxpayers pay
only need is for you to defect to Venezuela
hey cuz , busy makin Chickey, PLEASE don't suggest Free Chickey
#commie comedy night
#socialist social 
#marxist matinee 
#fascist fest
#libtards #America laughs at you all
Your wife bankrupt a college after lying in a loan app. Then in the spirit of full disclosure , lawyered up. Nice but u do you
Have you always gotten everything in your life, #FREE? You must know that is #not #HowitReallyWorks. Unless you are #stupid?
Hey Bernie are YOU paying for The free college because I sure as hell am not . Got my own kids to pay for
Did someone forget 20 trillion fiscal operating deficit? Or that 213 trillion dollars in unfunded liabilities? #marxismSUCKSforever
Its not free, someone has to pay for it…government does not generate it’s own money
Trying to keep the college kids still routing for you Bernie? U sold Ur soul 2 the devil @HillaryClinton ,U r done, go 2 one of Ur 3 houses.
Nothing is free. No charge to the recipient cheapens & weakens and makes work a disincentive. 
DOSOMEMATH
Good luck getting professors and staff to work for free. Oh, you don't mean that... oh, I see, I'm supposed to work harder to pay? FU!
who's gonna pay for it? oh, me, the taxpayer.....
I'm impressed with how you convinced public university staff to work for free.
Nothing is free, who are you trying to kid #givemeabreak
You idiot.  Sell your homes and give the money to some poor kids.
Are you paying Bernie????
And who's paying for this?  Socialism doesn't work Bern!
where is the money to pay for this coming from?
Nothing is "free" dude.  Will you figure that out before you croak?  #socialist
Who's going to pay for lt you Communist.
There's that word "FREE" again
 Bernie I don't want to pay for someone else's kid to learn all things liberal. #nomore governmentinmylife
Nothing is free, Bernie.
Public colleges free tuition would be for some but there are many rich people who send their kids to college that should pay
And who is going to pay for them.?
Nothing is free socialist dolt. Venezuela awaits you.
The $405 billion in interest on Fed debt could make colleges 'free'. Colleges are admin heavy just like DC. Tuition goes to pensions.
Yes and pay off all open student loans for all past students all the way back to 1994
What about impeaching Trump??!
Finally doing something worthwhile. Good for you
I'm gonna want to see some grades if I'm paying.
There's that word again... "free". I do not think it means what you think it means.
At who's expense?
What about the billions in interest still being charged by predatory lending by government?
Ummm.  That's the cheapest debt available.  Try again.  Remedial Econ 101 for you
When you say free I hear "I am paying for someone else's kid to go to college".  Stop stealing from me.
Bernie, the shill for the man.:
https://grrrgraphics.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/jackass-clowns-ben-garrison-cartoon-1024x693.jpg …
Town hall meeting on how to bankrupt the country to get your vote with lies. Sad!
"Free" translated means let's increase the debt past already record levels.
Burnie, why would you want to make pubic collages free? Money to be made! #winning #presidential

The Plutocracy knows the good, what makes them against this is that they are against educated People as a whole Its true Knowledge IS Power
This is one idea that will pay far more than it costs. The better jobs lead to more spending & taxes paid. it's an investment in our People.
Its not free, somebody is paying for it. Why not cancel all student loans?  You need to help everybody
Bernie everything to you is free. You throw that word round like you believe everything dosent have a cost to someone. Are the teachers free
Keep up the fight, Senator. We're behind you.
Sounds great
You are such a typical lib-tard. You know absolutely nothing about economics and want nothing more than to spend everyone else’s money
Can you do something where all of the people in attendance do not have their hands out? Give them some of your money. You have plenty!
And it will be full of bad ideas.... Please stop.
It's. Not. Free.
are you going to explain how its going o be paid and by who
more free things hooray. who pays for this?
Hey Bernie how about fixing our FREE HIGH SCHOOLS first!
Clearly you don't have a kid in high school. Nothing free about it... lol
Please help Sen. Sanders! In Puerto Rico they can't charge phones. Trying to get solar chargers there. GoFundMe  https://www.gofundme.com/Power2PuertoRico …
Hopefully @tedcruz won’t be there to embarrass you with #Facts.
I have an idea, why don’t you run for President of Venezuela? Perfect opportunity to hone your socialist skills.
Free yes everything free like ur 3 homes and cars none of which you earned doing anything useful
THANK you #Bernie for having PLANS that can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#Dems #Resisatnce #BernieCrats #maga pies.
Again Bernie nothing's free. I'll pay for my own child to go to college but I don't want to pay for someone else's.
I paid for my son's college and it was hard and you want me to pay for others Bernie you talk about being fair a joke
Yes! Please focus on and talk about the economics of what it means to get a highly skilled workforce for the country and what it means for salaries, tax revenues and the effect of large debd on young people when they are starting a family.
And where is the money coming from Bernie nothing's free tell the truth to people please
@SenSanders father of antifa
Dont count on democrats to support that. Too much like leading for them.
BERNIE WHAT RIGHT ARE YOU TO HAVE A TOWN HALL MEETING ON COLLEGE WHEN YOUR WIFE TUITION WHEN AWAITING CHARGES ON FRAUD ON HER COLLEGE
Let's make everything free!!!
How about technical schools. Our country is being ruined by liberal schools while our country is running out of competent workers
Bernie, you are a US Senator. Start thinking like one. Not an early 20th century Bolshevik.
Don’t wast your time! Tell these lazy shit kids to get jobs and pay there own dam tuition! Enough of your socialist liberals free stuff shit
But I saved my whole life to have these self-important professors preach their political nonsense to my kid. Try trade school instead kids.
You can't keep insurance for children, but you're going to get free tuition?
It's not our money...it's Bernies money ...until he decides how much you get to keep

What should we do with the 60% of college graduates that are currently unemployed and have unpaid loans?  Why don't we do something crazy & spend military/nasa money on improvements rather than destruction & ridiculous shrimp on treadmill studies.

Bernard, nothing is FREE! Someone ALWAYS has to pay for it........
Need 2 BE holding hearings on how dangerous TRUMP is 4 OUR COUNTRY and the world !!!
An important issue the well-heeled media ignored. Where's the TV coverage? Oh, you aren't Trump.
You keep using this word "free" someobody has to pay, so it's not free
Feel the Bern.  No good or SERVICE is f3 brother. I thought we went through this ? 
'Labor credits' fund it. You propose tax payers again?
where is the money going to come from colleges cannot operate without money
Sanders I thought you were a smart guy I guess you're not very smart

Will u b explaining how your wife pocketed millions from the government that was suppose to go to a college
Bernie, are you going to capture and enslave the college professors that will teach at you college? Or are you going to take our earnings?
who’s going to pay for it?
Will this cover Technical Schools/Colleges?
Boring
There you go again Sen. Sanders. Talking about issues when U should be talking about the Trump-Corker Twitter feud. Where R your priorities?
won't matter if your pack doesn't stop Top Dog's wrecking ball to democracy world peace environment women's rights cyberbullying etc
That's why burlington college went under and his wife is being investigated.  Bernie knows college!  Lol. Bernie wants money.
Somebody pays for it.  Who Bernie?
Just in case you thought that only Republicans were racist The democrats have shine by there silence on what is going on in the Caribbean
You going to pay for it ... or are we going to pay for it ... ?
Hear ye, hear ye! Commissar Sanders is handing out someone else's money so he gets the credit for doing so!  He loves spending others $!
Are you going to tell them how and who will be paying for it?
Bernie is the boss, why can't he be king of the WORLD!
Could you maybe do something about those of us losing basic rights?
Make sure you speak loud for the 3 losers who show up.
How about you resign instead?
Why should I pay my tax dollars for whack-job liberal professors to teach my kids to hate their parents and their country?!!
Free education paid for by a tax on Wall Street speculation...their time to give back.
Numbers don't lie. Please show this country germanys example
NO. This is a horrible idea. It will encourage students to get useless degrees and linger in college.
You must have deep pockets.
Its not free!
Does this mean you will pay my college loans off Bernie and reimburse past payments. God I love this country. You should run for POTUS.
I HAVE A 18YRS OLD SON THAT GO TO COLLEGE  STUDYING  BENNIESS  WHO COULD HE GET INVOLVED

how about instead of free college we get free guns for the homeless
You funding it Sanders?

@SenSanders do you have a plan to keep private colleges in the mix for free tuition?
all the freeloaders will love that one.
Free? How are the teachers, professors, and rest of college staff getting paid? Did they decide to work for free?
Feelin' the Bern
So nobody pays?  It’s FREE?  Nothing is FREE @SenSanders
