Why is it more important to take my middle class income to feed, house and educate the lazy than to let me keep it and provide more to my
It isn't your money in the first place. Everything we have is a culmination of the productive efforts of the whole, past and present.
If that were true able bodied Americans wouldn't need food stamps because they would have a job
??? Off topic but we can discuss that if you want
It's not off topic. Try to keep up
I'm talking about how societies are structured and you respond with something about food stamps
I know its hard to see the link for a socialist
Why is it the government's job to feed, house, and educate?
(2) what do YOU think gov should fund in the course of issuing our national currency?
Nowhere does it say anything about feeding housing or educating. Go ahead and read the Constitution maybe.
The gov gets dollars from public sector into private sector when it buys stuff from private sector.  What do U think gov should buy?
Please at least read the bill of rights. The government has plenty of obligations, but the three I mentioned are not among them.
Most Enlightenment thinkers thought gov should fund ed at all levels in the course of issuing the currency - for many reasons
Is that what you consider yourself? Fed government should be funded to keep us safe and keep us free. Local governments can get creative.
We don't fund the federal government.  The fed gov issues the dollars we use to buy stuff, record a net income & pay fed tax.
To those three people it's important
Vicente Fox hit the nail on the head.
=> Vicente Fox consistently speaks more sense, more reason, and more intellect than Trump's entire entourage . . . a great American tragedy.
Bunny fox is an a hole and was WORST pres ever in mex
=> Yeah, sounds like the one we have here, now . . . in spades . . .
Nothing fox said was really true though.
What portion was an "alternative fact?;" what wasn't true?
Point out any given part and I'll prove  it wrong.
I'm with you Bernie!
I have a concept.  Get a job and stop thinking working people owe you a free ride! pay your own way through life.
But why help feed people who just don't want to work
Priscilla Allen
You'd be more credible if you didn't own 3 houses, drive a $200K sports car, & your wife wasn't accused of fraud #BernardGotBought #MAGA 
You're fucking Canadian
Yes a very #Conservative one! The hypocrisy of the left crosses borders! Our #leftwing #kooks are as corrupt as #CrookedBernie #MAGA #Trump
You're an interloper with socialized healthcare. 
Sure sure and you're a #leftwingnut ,go away little boy! #MAGA #Trump #Canada1st 
Says the guy who sold out his supporters and owns 3 mansions
hardcore exaggeration
Maybe but that dose not make the point less valid owns three properties above average size and millions of not trillions of dollars where is
Does he really have 3? I thought he traded  2 for another?
I might be slow on my facts but still
I tried looking it up and couldn't find anything accurate
Accuracy is a premium in today's world get used to acting in bad info and backpedaling
sucks, huh
Why do you want to take my money?
Bernie why did Trump pay a higher tax rate than you?
You are a hypocrite!
Where's his taxes?
This dude claimed trump payed more taxes yet he hasn't even released them cuz we all know he got around paying them.
Trump supporters will defend anything trump does. Even if it fucks them over.
Trump works for us silly... we aren't his supporters. We are his employers... and we knew it would take a bad ass to take back our country!!
If you look at the cost of corporate welfare are they schlubs too. Don't worry in 3 generations trickle down will make everyone rich
Because they weren't bought a beach house as part of the deal to walk away from the election. Beach houses for All!
#TaxationIsTheft
I love reading tweets in bernies voice. Just add a period after every word.
Maybe they can stay at one your houses! BTW I might need to crash there this weekend, lmk if it's cool

How much money did they have to invest in our country to earn a 100 billion dollar tax break!? Can you thank them please?
The American people love and respect Bernie!
Dems DESPISE Bernie Sanders
Trump has left it up to the press to decide where his salary will go. I vote for Planned Parenthood! Retweet!
Neat.
You*
Because it is their money....it's simple.

Winning!!!! We are WINNING!!! That's all that matters to this MORON
Exactly, why is it? We the People need to stand up and let government know we do not approve of the job they are doing!
Republicans are lucky Trump's "hands" are small...At least it's easier to bend over for him without a spine. Sad!
Its not. GOP priorities are pure evil and destructive to America. We need a straight talker like Bernie to get us back on path to greatness.
.@SenSanders you're in the top 6% of US income but use itemized deductions to reduce your own tax rate to 13.5%! Pay your fair share!
You forgot to mention that Trump made 730 times more than Sanders
Throw more spin on it #BankFraudBernie "23 million people are going to die" no Mr. Sanders that's the 23 million FORCED to buy Obamacare!
Because Trump wants to be accepted by the billionaire group...a group that has laughed at him for years.
Sort of a belated abortion.
It isn't!!!
Not you....only the wealthiest would reap the millions through killing off our social programs that help the poorest, sickest, seniors.
Why is taking people's hard earned money and giving it to schlubs a hobby highlight of yours?
#impeachtheSchlubs
So we're talking about Mars, Walton & Koch families. All who spend fortunes lobbying for their best interests.
Shut up - stop misrepresenting everything
Can you explain how this is a misrepresentation?
The democraps have done it for YEARS . Now you know how we FEEL ASS )0( .
Welp, Bernie, the self-proclaimed income inequality watchdog, finally has something to bark at. Never mind, Russia. #TheResistance has that.
And now, it's time to talk about Russia, not income inequality.
Interesting how you see people talk about how we need to talk about Russia. But rarely do you see them say much about it. No new evidence
"No new evidence." Do you by any chance live in a cave? If so, how are you tweeting? Do you come out once a day to say something stupid?
What would you say is the single biggest thing to come out since Flynn resigned?
I think we can set aside the cover up and focus on the crime itself, too, because we know Trump lies about the inauguration crowd size etc.
Allow me to recommend the @maddow show on @MSNBC. Perhaps she can help. There's soooo much evidence, I just don't have that kind of time.
Sounds like you agree that discussing Trump Russia evidence is a distraction from other things we could talk about
Republicans set standards like a limbo contest. Keep lowering the bar and praise what gets under...
Good one... Are you 12?
That is the ultimate question, not just for this bill, but for the future of the world. The future holds staggering poverty for most people
With changing climate patterns, artificial intelligence, and increased use robotics, we are on the verge of worldwide deprivations for most
That requires the same logic used to justify body-slamming a reporter for asking a question.
nope but some places you still have to be polite or risk being called on the carpet for bad manners
Because as @POTUS he TRUMP feels he has a right to! He should  along with his paid lying cabinet should be out of our WH like YESTERDAY!
let's talk about this over drinks babe
Government of the wealthy, by the wealthy, for the wealthy.
because govt by homeless dudes just wouldnt work...dont ya agree?  Who you want managing your $$ - a rich man or a dumbass
A kind man
@potus has a long history of being a kind man...he's helped so many f he does it w/his own money - not everyone else's
So they can provide jobs to people! Duh..
Why is it important for you to have 4 houses?
Cuz. That's all we peons need to know.  Poor Uncle Bernie. One of us. NOT
Normal citizens don't have 3 houses
We ask the same question in Australia. Tax cuts for the rich (most don't pay tax anyways) funding cuts for poor.
UK another shining example of neolib largesse to the rich - austerity to everyone else.
Why was it more important for @BarackObama to secretly give pallets of cash to Iran and Palestine that could have fed hungry people here?
Do you know what year this is?
2017. The 1st of 8 years of Making America Great Again. Ur point?
You must be happy paying for unlimited golf and corruption to no end. Of course you are 
Avoid the question? Did that the last 8 yrs.
Question: How many of the golf courses @BarackObama went to were personally owned by @BarackObama and thus ended up laundering tax dollars?
How many owners of golf courses do u know that actually pay for rounds on their own courses?
Do you think their golf courses are free?? Do you seriously think someone who owns a golf course pays absolutely nothing for it??
Bernie instead of tweeting, do something to stop this. You talk a big game but do nothing. You're exactly the same as Trump.
A single Senator can't change things alone. It takes a majority vote.
Sanders hasn't accomplished anything in all his years in Congress.
How could he? Congress is controlled by Republicans. That needs to change.
http://www.politico.com/story/2016/03/bernies-record-220508 …
Because those 3 wealthiest families provide jobs for hundreds of thousands of Americans. We need them to provide more jobs.
Yeah, like that's going to happen. 
Dude you crack me up.
People that think the government generates jobs and income crack me up.
people who think those 3 families give a flying fuck about the rest of america crack me up.
They have to care enough to create jobs. That's how they got rich. They shouldn't care whether or not you do something with your life.
You don't take from the rich to give too the poor. They'll miss-spend it.
Why is it fair people who don't work have health insurance and people who work can't afford it  gtfo
You play video games for a living so maybe tone it down just a tad? Some ppl work 80 hours for less than 15$ an hour, is that fair?
Tone what down? I'm talking about affording health insurance. Not sure why we're comparing job titles now
Everyone should have health insurance. You guys could build a social infrastructure and give healthcare and ed to all, but instead u low tax
I agree everyone should have it. But I don't. Even tho I make money trying to grow a small business I can't afford it & get penalized for it
Well the answer prob isnt to help billionaires save 100 billion more is it?
Because their wealth makes them inherently more worthy of love and belonging. Jeez, Bernie! Don't you know anything... 
because the GOP has no morality. nothing matters  to them anymore except their tax cut for the wealthy.  they are bankrupt of ideas.
well better check out south America that bernie kind of govt
Because that money will trickle down to them!! That's their lame excuse anyways.. What's $100 billion  divided by 15 million??
Good question. I gave the answer. "It's not." Please Remember the poor
It's not important.  I've called every zoo in the country and overseas.  Nobody will take our Trump
Bernie could sit around his houses living large but instead he keeps up a grueling pace fighting for the 99%.
Bernie you know the answer. Greed & Power!

It's not. Keep up the good work.
Can you name those families
I do applaud the spirit behind this tweet, but it's flawed. can't lift 15 mil people out of poverty. help them.
Regardless of this guy's assets: He's championing the lower classes. Stop criticizing that - If nobody does it, then what will you do?
Because Trump needs to buy dye for his hair. Gray is coming in on a phony @POTUS. We need to fix healthcare not destroy it.
Why...? Because there isn't enough money to ever satisfy those families and because they don't give a s**t about anything or anyone else.
Will you share your houses with all of us? How much did your wife scam while working at the school?
It's literally because the three wealthiest families donate way more money to your fellow senators than the poorest 15 mil ppl combined
Maybe they can live in one of your many homes
This has been done for every government since JFK
There he goes again being brainless. Class warfare is the new rebellion? Attack those who worked to be mega successful when you own 3 homes?
Because we are dealing with a group of pure devils! America's values were swept under the rug when that baboon became 44. GOP IS no better!
45 I meant. SO MANY PEOPLE ARE FURIOUS! A Civil War would not surprise me one bit! THESE LOW LIFES BELONG ON PRISON.Destroying our Country

We must Never forget 911..Those who are responsible + Those who supply the responsible with more Weapons 4Death.. #FactsMatter
Sure. With the same math they used doing the budget.
How many people could the "socialist" @SenSanders  house in his 3 mansions? @POTUS @_Makada_ @LatinaforTrump @hapa_girl33 @cvpayne @MSNBC
Good question...we'll wait for you to get back to us Mr. Senator with 3 mansions and millions of $$.

It isn't
Putin had 3 ponies, Trump Bernie and Jill.
Trump is Satin, Bernie is Jesus. There's no middle ground.
It is possible to tax the rich enough that they leave. But when you give a tax break, it allows people to spend more and spur the economy
Trump has thinner skin than Trojan Bareskin Condoms....And that's thin. Ask my 3 month old... #TrumpleThinSkin
Continue your good work Mr.Sanders.We Americans appreciate your dedication and hard work to the people.Continue to call out there bullshit.
Bernie could you have a chat with @TurnbullMalcolm his plans are similar to the debacle you described. #auspol #notsofairdinkum
Mr. Brexit you are ignorant!
BECAUSE THOSE MOTHERFKRS SAY SO
Would that this were a setup for a joke...
BECAUSE THOSE 3 FAMILIES GIVE JOBS TO THOSE 15 MILLION PEOPLE
dear god, stop trolling the man. No one is always right. No one is perfect. But if Bernie were POTUS we wouldn't be in this mess
Umm..so you can keep up with your 3 multi million mortgages?
Never understood this. I get the rich have more power but what about the people who need to eat and be educated. Ya know basic necessities.
It seem to be that you can't get elected without those three wealthy families.
#SethRich was killed for supporting you. Why is that you don't care about that?
#SethRich
Like I said, quit pretending the tax break affects only your political opponents. It will benefit many, many more than just them
These ppl are idiots. Don't listen to them Bernie. They are blind Republicans that know nothing. They follow blindly.
@rockguitarist89 b/c only the wealthy&powerful are good&deserving.Thats WHY they're wealthy&powerful
did taxes help her fans from dying from Isis?!
Yes?
Because Jesus. Obviously
Bernie, why don't you just take all of our money and spend it how YOU see fit??
Cutting ALL the tax rates for ALL Americans and you zero in on a small % to make socialist point. What does tax break for next group yield?
@Potus wants to close military bases and make NATO countries pay their fair share. I hope you back him on these Treasury-saving measures
Greed 
@andrealiane because he's president... I can't think of no other reason that is not rude.
Really. What's wrong with this picture? Everything. Trump don't want to help anyone but the rich & elite who put him in office.
"However beautiful the strategy, you shld occasionally look at the results." - Winston Churchill
Because most seem to believe that money will trickle down to them, it's ingrained in them from past generations, yet they are still poor.
keep quiet
Emails.
Healthcare and Education lead to higher employment which equals more taxes paid and less welfare in the future. A smart investment.
You have 3 houses...
Who are the three families?
Why are you retweeting 3 homes sanders. Oh the irony.
Because those people won't get off their ass and get a job!! #America #getajob
Because of the way campaigns  are funded. You of all people should get that.
All the billions of dollars that you and your buddy Obama gave the Iranians would've helped the poor don't you think?
Good question for Betty DeBos
Say it louder for the kids in the back my man
Because it's all about #GREEDOVERPEOPLE
How's your 3rd house ??600k
Love this dude
Because one of the 3 is making the decision? The other two are financing him? Don't know, for sure, but that might be it.
All you hard working blue collar workers who still believe in trump are in for such a shocking realization
Just try to find "Rubicon" complete episodes anywhere on the internet-great pic of the shadow govt. poufffff!
Why does it matter now it hasn't mattered in the past 8 years
I don't know, why do you have multiple million dollar homes instead of feeding the poor with just one of the home's cost?
It will never change the 3 families give a ton of money to politicians to protect themselves it's always been this way no one can stop it
It won't trickle down to the poor maybe owner of a yacht co, it would take 10 yr's before a poor person saw a dime of it
Because they don't count in the eyes of the rich.
Amen
Why do I automatically owe an education to 15 million people I've never met?
Because money sucks ass for the people who don't have it.
Which house did you write this from?
You should have been president Berni
Because they have 3 houses just like you.
Because our government is run by sociopaths who work for corporations. #hth
Because capitalism is way only  for rich to keep richness and poor to stay in poverty till real freedom take over USA
Because people are immoral and money talks.
They filthy rich get away with it because they have conditioned the majority to accept this theft. Wake up America you're being robbed
What could you have provided with that new lake house ?
It's not!
$100 billion #taxbreak to 3 wealthy families = job done! 

#Feed #house #educate 15 million people would take decades = a lot of work!

Sad!
It's like Robinhood stealing from poor & giving it to the rich! What guarantees corporations creating American jobs, becoming more wealthy?
Does anything more really need to be said?
Because you have to know who butters your bread
Truly f#%d up!
The issues are apple and oranges. The estate tax's broken; it had to go. The other issues can be met with innovation. You're hurting people.
Bernie, u just don't get it.  U keep mouthing the most obvious platitudes. With no solutions & no track record u gave the Dems only defeat.
It's not. But it's easy to do, it's fun, and it's not as much work.
The families will use that money to hire a million nannies and chauffeurs and *definitely not* just park it in foreign real estate projects
Ayn Rand explains that in her book                       (sarcasm)
Pretty sure that woman gave birth to all the shitheads replying to this post.  #MuhJerbCreators
Bernie, another big lie and you know it.  The big lie theory is only working with liberals, not the rest of America.
Go get'em Bernie.   You rock!
#preach
1) Explain the $300 billion that was going towards expired programs, per trumps new budget! You constantly drivel about the 1% screwing the
Republicans are only interested in Saving insurance companies not Healthcare if you don't know the difference you must be a Republican
That is a great question that @realDonaldTrump should answer. 
Because hes a self centered horses ass.
it's not and no one said it was
If you don't understand the plot, you will never know the secrets of the Matrix
You can't take things from people just because a some people really want them. That's how you get Venezuela. If you'd had a job you'd get it
No, when you take a repressive autocrat who has controls over the media and kills free press, you get Venezuela.
Taxation isn't the government taking your money. Taxation is you paying 4 the institutions and societal benefits of the country you live in.
Yes, and if they were all the protections from externalities and infrastructure we use in common that'd be fine. They're aren't and it isn't
Then as I just recently posted, if you don't like taxes, go live in a country free of government intervention and taxation, like Somalia.
Regardless of your views on taxes, that is what they're for, and they are necessary.
And, also regardless of your view, cutting taxes on those who don't need the cut and raising them on those that do makes absolutely no sense
Just because your not president. Doesn't mean u still can't provide for those 15 Million.....
oh sorry its cuz ur a billionaire dictator
because the greedy cannot get enough.
That way Trump's companies that he owns will rake in millions!!
Because poor, uneducated people don't vote. Better to redraw a district map. They're pro fetus, not pro child.
.@SenSanders The elimination of the Scrooge-McDuck-Hoarder Tax (i.e., estate tax) really deserves more attention (and approbation).
Why is it more important to pay for the lazy people using the low income people's paychecks? ANSWER THAT BERNIE!
Why does a couple need three houses??
My parents owned 5--1 we lived in, 3 we rented year-round, and 1 shore house we rented seasonally.
Well Bernie, that argument is a dud, you always start that idea of socialism and it never works, to many people with common sense.
@FranBarreraReal @DrMaxE @homefreeee  
  #maga #pjnet #ccot  #deplorables  #AmericaFirst  #Rednationrising  #tlot  #TrumpTrain
LOL
Because stealing is wrong?
well BERNIE as you well know it all has to do with POLITICAL DONATIONS dirty money
Because that's precisely who they work for. You know the problem. Question is--How far you'll go to try and solve it.
This is y u should  President right now! We need politicians with a brain & heart. Thank u 4 ing a True American. We need u more than ever
@anarchynoww any R credibility long gone
@mkellyom When priorities have absolutely nothing to do with The People.
Because that's not the government's job
What then is the government's job?
Because Donald Trump is president, the morons, the corrupt, the immoral and the extremely arrogant is now running the show
We knew the Repugnants would rape us blind! It was there to see if your eyes were open!
