Yeah like keep up poor so we don't have the means to rise up when the tyranny arrives. That goes for both parties
*us*
TAXES should go towards education and healthcare. Not the military.
Or just both within reason?
We r litrally pying the military 2 go bother othr countries 4 little reason. The country is LOSING $ unnecessarily.
I agree completely, our taxes are grossly misused but that doesn't mean we should just completely stop funding our military.
#NeverDJTHRC Clinton calls for corporate tax cut http://politi.co/2yB6ChG  Corp Rate “uncompetitive”—should cut to 25% or whatever competitive
And they raise taxes and doubled that to 20 trillion!!!
Quiet your exasperating with no clue in your fake rhetoric on taxes. Just resign ole goat
My man.....
If we would all pay a 65% tax on income with no deductions, we could have everything free but choice.
YEAH BERNIE!!!
This is exactly why @SenBernie has such a massive following of the american people. He cares for the people more than the dollar bill.
Tax Fraud. Bernie is incapable of submitting basic, required documents describing his personal finances! TELLS America everything
Make us poorer, I don’t want you to decide how to spend my money, I want you to help save my money.

Lmao..bernie is kinda off the hook. Poor old guy...
So right, Bernie!!
@tedcruz looks so inspired...too bad the love of money overpowers it...
Bernie you should move to Europe for all the Socialists live
and what taxes (corporate AND personal) ...being held offshore can do for the American people
Our taxes go to pay for government programs that don't work
Taxes control inflation.  Fed taxes for revenue is obsolete. Ruml knew that back in 1946. Time to catch up, don't you think?
I REALLY object to ANY of my tax dollars going into our bloated gross defense spending. Education, enviro, health, all fine w/me.
Yes,taxes cost us Money that we could be spending  our families.
81 top tax rate70%, Reagan dropped it to 50%, then 28% in '86 Tax rev increased from 517B in '80 to 904B in '88. Lower rates increase rev.
Reagan dropped the corporate tax rate. But raised taxes after that, at least 4x, to make up for the increasing deficit.
Sadly you are misinformed
No sir, you are mistaken http://money.cnn.com/2010/09/08/news/economy/reagan_years_taxes/index.htm …
I love it! The comparison you picked was based on GDP, during Reagan GDP grew massively. Real $ tax revenue up 90%!
Americans like me are taxed to death Bernie! End AMT especially in California! End the death tax! How is it right to tax me again for dying!
Would also love to see Elizabeth Warren up there debating some Republican senators!
These are good debates! Would like to see more of them on other channels too.
Yes!

Give Bernie all your money he will take care of you

Bernie you believe that you know the best way to spend taxpayers money. Most Americans disagree with you.
Give Bernie all your money, he wants to give you free stuff!
Take away a third of my income and puts me nearer the poverty level.

Thanks.
@SenSanders #BernieForPresident2020
You are so correct Senator Sanders. There is a need for government in some matters and other areas for individuals to handle.
Exactly. It is suppose to help us not hurt us.
Ted looks like he would very much like to go back to debating Donald Trump.
Taxes are not supposed to be wealth redistribution. Plain and simple.
We do know around 250 billion a year is wasted and no democrat would help pass any bill or amendment to clean it up.

Bernie, kind regards from Australia, if only history went a different way at the end of 2016.
Was it your wife who bankrupted a college? So now you want to bankrupt the country.
#lookattedcruzfacelikedawn his ideas are great
Extremely great primer/educatn/teaching tool on what civilized society is like. prolly avail on YouTube,this U.K.show called "Scandimania."
“Words have meaning” and Ted Lied about “Ponzi Scheme =Social Security” tonight- and you called it Bernie- https://youtu.be/r2ylrHG8DnM 
the government taketh and then taketh some more, because bureaucrats know how to spend your money better than you do!
I pledge to spend taxpayer money as fast as it comes in. We are tired of budgets and it will be nice to increase everyone's taxes sky high!
Bernie Sanders 
Hindsight in 2020.
Every cut in benefits is a tax increase on the tax payer who lost it. Every deduction taken away is a tax increase.
I love the intent, but taxes don't do a damn think for Americans, spending does. Ms. Kelton is shaking her head at you... :-)
You do realize that MMT will never gain any traction. It's an utter fallacy. You will pay taxes. Learn it, live it, love it.
Take all our Money  Bernie. Then we can all be equal. 
If the U.S. stopped defending White Supremacy in the world they'll have money 4 society and not spend so much on the military
It's not how big it is, it's how you use it! ;)
If that were true Bernie, we never would have left English rule.
Taxes don't do nothing for us cause you guys are spending it on stuff that we don't need
Did u pay your fair share? Hell no 13%. Fraudster!!
Career politician never worked in the real world - out of touch - we need tax reform - personal and corporate - #TermLimits
What would we do without big government?
And how much gets put in senate and congressional pockets.
Tax money is to help the people of this nation. Not jet riding by privileged cabinet scum.
Keep the few that pay broke until no one is left to pause Venezuela
You lost Sanders
Yes-we should not be so bold as to say we don't need all tax $$ -need to help improve lives of poor and disadvantaged
I'm fine paying 30+ k in taxes. As long as it goes to building the country. Which it isn't.
That’s because the 1% hijacked government and congress.
It goes to military industrial complex to kill more brown people. Don't lie
BERNIE2020.
Agree with sentiment, but we all know how much inefficiency and waste is in government.  Why can’t we rearrange instead of raising taxes?
Corporations currently "earn" unprecedented  $. Why not readjust? If not taxing, maybe raise wages?
how about we stop shoveling more and more and more and more and more and more money into a defense department that leaks it like a sieve
ThnxBernie for fighting resisting and pushing back at the front http://line.You 're my and our hero. you should've been our president
Lyin' Ted vs Crazy Bernie.

I'm not going to lie, I think liars decimate crazy people.
Pathetic Bernie
He’s right.   Thank god for Bernie.
@LibertyIsALady Please work for the COUNTRY and your state . Please Get out of the PRESIDENTIAL race. You are hurting USA.
Senator Sanders, would you please send me $1000? My family could use it right now.
Bankruptcy is what it will do. Resign and actually get a job.. U milked the public purse for years or had ur wife steal the rest
Hang in there Bernie. We are better off with you in our government.
Infrastructure
It's troublesome that a public member of the senate needs to use proprietary software made by billionaires to get his point across. #EndDRM
Everyone bitches about taxes but not the $200 BILLION spent annually on #GunViolence! Isn't there better ways to spend $200 BILLION a year?
Great Wednesday evening @SSWorks We, Americans applaud @SenSanders for continuous care, concern, support w/ genuine #love for us #Americans.
Bernie Sanders = BS
Says the guy with a fake profile. Ha!
Love ya @SenSanders  Keep fighting for us brother
MR CRUZ KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT MEDICARE IN OTHER COUNTRIES? DON’T TALK ABOUT WHAT U DONKT KNOW? U HAVE NEVER BEEN THERE? COME TO CANADA?
Why is niether one of them talking about the lifetime retirement for one term. Talk about ridiculous. Babbling fools.

BERNIE PASS THIS ON TO MR CTUZ? TELL HIM TO VISIT THE COUTRIES THAT HAVE MEDICARE! HE KNOWS NOTHING! NOTHING ABOUT IT? ALLHE SAID ON TV?
The taxs paid are forst to benifit american citiczens or to protect our nation. This does not include the handouts the dem's use 2 buy votes
What people fail to remember that Social security money is our money we worked for it no go government handout!
Capitalistic Greed is Burying America & Healthcare is the #1 problem! #RichGetRicher or #HealthcareForEveryone you choose
Seriously, Bernie is delusional !!
Ask Scandinavian countries if they're getting their money's worth. 

Oh yeah, they're always at the top of the "happiest countries" list.
¡indeed! they r a miraculousinvention thatkeeps giving #noseasmalagradecido taxes work
#institutions forthe betterment of life as we know it
Then there's Trump take more away from middle-class give to the rich.  Free for all corp with no liability   if a worker is hurt.
Bernie doesn’t lie, Ted Cruz @tedcruz did call Social Security a Ponzi scheme. Watch!!
It's about what government is enumerated to do, not your personal agenda.
Does no one understand that promoting healthy, well educated Americans will produce people who pay taxes!! This is so stupid!
You mean what taxes will do for your pocket? The average joe will see a 5 dollar savings.
Bernie doesn’t lie, Ted Cruz did call Social Security a Ponzi scheme. Watch!!
Señores la única salida que tiene Venezuela de ser libre y vivir en PAZ Y DEMOCRACIA es un intervención MILITAR
If Ted likes Reagan's policies so much you need to remind him of the deregulation of the S&L industry. How did that work out?
Step aside, sir.
As a single person with no kids at home, earning $60k I already pay a lot in taxes. My HC is already free thru work. How does this help me?
That’s beautiful for you but there is a majority of Americans who don’t have that luxury.
I sacrifice a lot for that luxury. I live on the road in the cab of a truck the size of a jail cell and I work 70-100 hrs/wk.
And I love Bernie Sanders. I love his ideas and his honesty. I just don't want to pay thousands more in taxes than I already do.
I can understand that but that is why I believe in tax cuts for the middle class.
Me, too. But for all, not just those with kids. My # 1 priority is saving for retirement. I save 60%. Reducing my taxes wld make it easier.
" ASK BERN KNEE SANDERS HOW MUCH THE TOP 10% PAY IN TAXES NOW?.....WHAT %...?  GO ON, "AINTYA GONNA ANSWER THE QUESTION ( SCOFIELD KID)

A bit of a US Historical Tax perspective for @SenTedCruz on behalf of @BernieSanders #CNNDebateNight 
If we raise taxes for the wealthy they can pay their fair share meaning that they can help pay for health care as well as education.
They send jobs over seas, Why? Taxes and the minimum wage system has all but removed the USA from the competitive job market.
Yes, let's go back to the days of child labor and indentured servitude!
What makes civilization? Taxation. Our gov't works perfectly for the billionaires/100 millionaires. Our gov't fails the middle class.
Ted Cruz looks like someone I'd cross the street to avoid. *Creepy*
Republicans, apparently, have lost sight of that part. Koch brothers can retreat into their money, but most of us don't have that luxury.
Ted has 15 million reasons- plus some-
You won this debate great job Senator!
They walk among us
Teds facial expressions were golden.
How about letting me keep more of my money & see what I can do for myself?!?!? We don’t need more government “programs” Bernard!!!!!!!

Going out on a limb, Bernie thinks government should do more

Which means more spending

Which means higher taxes

#math
We need politicians like this in Australia Bernie you are what the hard working lower to middle class need, AUS not perfect but USA # BROKEN
#BankFraudBernie made over $800,000 this past year.  Decided to keep it all. “Socialism for thee but not for me” is the hypocrite’s motto
What does his personal income have to do with it?

We don't get the America we want unless we are ready to fight for it.

We spend $5,000,000,000,000 each yr. Schools suck, healthcare sucks, roads suck. Levies break, bridges fail, fires rage. How much do u need?
What he's saying is the money we are spending is going to the wrong places, and he's right.
Yeah. It is. We,should stopnentrusting the govt with so much money. They obviously don't know how to use it
yes, do for all American people, not for some. and before this, democrats should repay the debt they.borrowed.
VERY well said. 
#News @SenSanders @HuffPost #FeelTheBern #greenparty 

Bernie needs to:
How about you take your ideas to your good friends killarys favorite country Russia had help her # 1 man Putin  out
we waist Billion$ upon Bullion$ invading countries...and now building walls. Time to invest in Education and Healthcare
Yeah, judging from your spell, grammar, and misuse of the '$' sign you could use some free education.
Deeper corruption, more Government involvement n the lives of families Haven't U taken enough children from families, killed enough children
What? I thought you were invited to talk about the #TaxReform , no?
It’s what taxes do to the American people.
@CNN I love these debates but can we get Gillibrand v Murkowski, more woman voices, more moderate voices.
Bolshevik three house Bernie Love's taxes. Every paycheck he ever received was composed of taxes. $ocialism has been very good to Bernie.
You say that as if every politician doesn't get paid by taxpayers. So, what exactly is your point?


@SenTedCruz is getting owned in this debate.
Not particularly difficult. 
Lol yall keep logging me out
Yes! Like do studies on how fast shrimp can run on a treadmill or how much monkeys  can drink.


No it is not . Ted is a ruthless paid off cardboard senator
Tell em Bernie!!
BERNIE HAS RIGHT IDEAS! HE IS FIT 2 MAKE DECISIONS 4 AMERICANS NOT TED CRUZ! TED IS A NUT! HE WENT AGAINST GOD & SUPPORTS TRUMP!

The only thing a tax has ever done. Is the govt takes it from me and gives it to someone else
Bernie, as Ted said, there are NO Libs leaving the USA to go to Socialist countries. There’s your answer. #SocialismSucks
Lolli, That might be the dumbest arguement I’ve ever heard
Neither seems willing to admit that the impact of adding to the debt has proven to be over dramatized. 1, 10, 20 trillion hasn't broken us..
That's a pretty irresponsible way of looking at it in my opinion, especially considering that we're the ones on the hook for that debt.
Why are senators paid so much?
Their big money are from lobbiest that do not have Americans best interest at heart.
It’s what people can do with THEIR OWN MONEY not funneled thru corrupt BIG Government
Love u, Bernie, but my HC is already free thru work. Not in college, no kids at home. So paying xtra  $8k in taxes sound pretty bad to me.
8k? Where do you get that number?
Well. Since my youngest is 38 I think I loose out.   Lol
Go take your meds and go to bed grandpa...
You fund illegals with it.

Ted Cruz cares more about tax breaks to wealthy than to single moms.

I am a trump supporter. I hate colored Folks and love Jesus. I only kneel for trump and Russia. Get a life.
The Koch brothers should have hired the fx crew that made chucky he was a must more believable puppet. #CNNDebateNight
We need restricted government account that we can you put money into to be used.
NOT TAXING AMERICANS puts more money in the pockets of THE AMERICAN PEOPLE then govt does.
Rob them them to empower an overpriced middleman? Because that's what taxation does to the American people. #TaxationIsTheft
The Bern's on fire!
Yeah, it makes them BROKE!
why are you so hellbent on taking my money. I can't afford many of the luxuries you have yet you want to take more? really?
Bernie doesn't want YOU to pay more; he wants you to get something for the taxes you're paying now.
Thank you for at least admitting you want to raise taxes on middle class. We'll make an honest ex-politician out of you yet.
It is what the Taxes do for the people not want the senators allocate it for that’s !
Bernie is smart and spot on.  Cruz is an idiot
Go back to Russia!
Pretty...pretty.....pretty good.

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 


FBI uncovered Russian bribery plot before Obama administration approved controversial nuclear deal with Moscow http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration …
YES BERNIE. 
You mean waste by the American government


FBI uncovered Russian bribery plot before Obama administration approved controversial nuclear deal with Moscow http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration …
