I personally had to go to USA to have knee surgery because canadian health care fully failed me. So do tell how it is a good system ?
That makes no sense, my father just had an MRI and hip replacement,it was a 1.5 month turn around time, cost him nothing.Do you have OHIP
Here in Ont surgeons have generally been delaying knee repacement surgery as long as possible. US will do what you're willing to pay for.
They delay becuz replacement only lasts 10-15 years. If you have it at 55 and dont really need it, have to be redone again.
Yes indeed, any replacements have only short time span plusba few other factors
Sounds like a perfect storm of awful situations. Sorry you had to go through that.  Friend had similar sit at 28, can't walk at 40.
Thanks, yes life happens sometimes. The system is good and bad I wish Canada would allow both systems that way you have better chances
If Canadian healthcare is so great why do Canadians come here for care?
Oh but your insurance does gender changes for free?
Joke in Canada is who is your primary care physician in the United States! Can't wait to die in Canadian health care system!
Very odd cause average life span in Canada is 82.  In US it's 78.  Ya live longer with universal health care cause you have health care.
Canada only has 30 million people while US has 330 million with lots of dead beat sick Mexicans and sickies! Canada has few immigrants!
Funny, Canadians that can afford it pay for similar healthcare as Americans! Canadians hate their system.
Why do Americans insist  they are the experts on health care!Stop it!Ask us!Most know nothing about Canada!(except,igloos,hockey,manners!)
It is just a section of Americans who are brainwashed by the Hannity's and the Rush Limbaugh's of our society they are vile tricksters
A section of 65 million. Want to really learn something that will surprise you? Read the 14th amendment. If someone made it, it isn't free!
Hannity doesn't have that kind of ratings and more people everyday realizing what a propagandist liar he is paid by the Koch brothers
Bernie don't you have a Bank to Defraud or a Lakehouse to go to?
Trump supporter tries to call out anyone on fraud or expensive properties, okay...
No calling out someone who pretends he's something he isn't!I actually liked Bernie until he took a hard left and CUCKED up to Killary!
You should know that the lake house was bought from proceeds of the sale of a house his wife inherited
OK, that is a small part of the bigger problem, he's become everything he said he was against, at least Trump IS NOT a politician
The joke is insulting to Canadians #canada
Lower case "C" in your hashtag is insulting to Canadians #Canada
That has to wait 3 months to see a doctor according to my friends who winter in Phoenix
You don't qualify to say "we".   I am Canadian and have never this stupid joke of yours.  Now, go back to sullying your own country.
Look to Norway.. it works great for everyone that need is. And for an affordable price, no mather if your rich or poor.
This joke is in poor taste & is insulting. Canadians have their own identity. They aren’t Americans plus or minus USA attributes.

@SenSanders "there's a joke WE tell in Canada"? Are you Canadian? If not, I suggest you move there.
1/ When touting the Canadian system, be forthright. Choices are limited. Example: Which knee replacement device can be used is
2/ pre-determined by region. One region, one device choice. Prefer another device and will pay out of pocket? Not allowed,
3/ nor is any out of pocket payments for care. And Canada is running out of money to pay for free care. They can’t raise taxes any
4/ higher so plans include disallowing individuals to form PCs (common in the US) to capture more of that money.
5/ Not saying it can’t (or shouldn’t) happen here. But it’s not a panacea, not without cost, and not without sacrifice on all levels. And
6/ everyone should DEFINITELY read your suggestions for paying for it, esp the 7.5 employer tax increase and the 4.5% individual tax hike.
These aren't heavy tax hikes considering how little Americans are taxed currently. Some pay 0 state tax.
Agree, but even our max rate of 39.5% is viewed by many as exorbitant.
Explains alot about Bernie, "...a joke WE sometimes tell in Canada..." He identifies as a Canadian @24runner @Lrihendry @angelijka8
Healthcare or not we don't want dirty stealing politicians in our lives !! Loan master puppet lake house Bernie !!
Below average and or lazy doctors love single payer health care as it eliminates competition and choice and guarantees payment.
Wrong. We can still choose doctors. Don't a lot of insurers use network doctors?
Most people in the United States under the old Healthcare System use ppos which was choice of doctor
Bernie you should run for president
Everyone who thinks Canadian health care is great emigrate to Canada simple if you are so unhappy in USA.
Well universal healthcare does not work simply because there are less contributors vs users therefore once run out of funding =fails
Sorry, but now that I know more about your background & passions for finance, insurance, free markets, I deem @docdanielle more objective.
The last part is there are many great doctors in Canada but they are capped and find alternatives to make additional funds
Canadians also deport people in bulk and very respect restrictive when it comes to immigration. That's why they can afford single payer.
We accept 1% of our total population each year in immigration, too. In the US, hardly 0,5% (legal and illegal alike).
*child soldier unlegally tortured
Zing! That is a real funny joke. 
We don't apologize for who we are, we apologize when we bump into someone. Americans should give up talking about Canadians -not good at it.
It works very well for urgent and emergent problems but is progressively failing in the provision of care for elective diagnoses
Canadian healthcare is mediocre at best. Poor compared to many other countries with private/public systems.
An UNARMED American ... :)
Bernie stop using Canada in your big fat lies. we love our health care system and fight to make it better, we don't need you. 
I don't know how ppl do it there as I've had a couple of surgeries from wear and tear and I'm sure they were expensive. I can walk into
Wait, so Bernie want us to be more like the Canadians?  80% are white.  Sounds pretty racist ....
Go away.
Why am I going away? And where are you sending me? Not an island I hope. They’re a mess.
Oh, not you. Bernie.
Phew. Thought I was going on a trip. I haven’t packed. ;)
Packing is the worst!
Which shoes should I take? Omg I can’t do this.

Bf: you only need 1 pair. Come on.

Me: GET OUT!!! #takealltheshoes
I'm going to Cali for 4 days in October and I plan on just taking a tote bag so I don't have to worry about luggage. Should be interesting 
Only things in the bag will be makeup and underwear...just the necessities.
I'm Canadian and I've never heard that stupid joke.  #speakforyourself
As a Canadian, we say this often. We also like to get our feelings checked for free.
What do you mean?
It’s a joke. We laugh sometimes that when Americans try to bash single payer and hurt our feelings that we are going to go get our feelings
I'm all for #SinglePayer. Unfortunately, the USA being one of the youngest countries, it's not very mature in its decisions yet...
That’s the truth. I have a lot of family there and I live in a border city so we see it a lot. It’s sad. It could solve so many issues.
BULLSHIT!!

Nobody says that. 

Signed,
A Canadian thankful to have American health care. …
The "apology" thing to stereotype Canadians is getting old.
In the Canadian version of Breaking Bad, the guy gets cancer and his treatment is covered - no crime needed to get the $.
The joke in CAN is we have the best health care in the world, as long as you don't have to use it.
Actually Senator, Canadians are proud enough on our own. No need to be an ANYTHING else.
No it's not....
Trust me no 1 in Canada wants to be associated with anything American The only joke I see is the disgraceful state of the
Shut up Bernie !
Says the guy with three houses and healthcare paid by the the rest of us.
Get educated on this topic. This isn't even true.
No pretty sure, we say we are Canadians with affordable healthcare.
As a proud Canadian I want to tell you nope, we are way more than that. Apologetic american! Ha and Pffff. Looked at your country lately?
You have reason to be proud - your country is great and so is your prime minister.  Our president sucks.
Ever hopeful about the upcoming elections for you all. Local, state and federal - push for those elections.
Nope. #fakenews #fakejoke
I'm Canadian Mr. Saunders.  We don't actually tell that joke.   Ever.
liar
Guess that makes me Canadian, eh?
NOpe. Never heard that up here in Canada. Thats something Americans say about us.  Why don't you go back to talking about Sweden and Norway?
This joke is never told in Canada, we do not compare ourselves to Americans
It's a good joke tho josh
FYI, this is never said in Canada. No one wants to compare ourselves to America.
Sorry Bernie...we are Canadians never Americans. That is not a joke but wishful thinking. You all need more Canadians in the US.
no Canadian has ever said this, ever. keep on pushing for single-payer though, it's worth it.
what nonsense.
Canadian health care may be free and available to all citizens, but never forgot the age old saying "you get what you pay for."
yeah, we pay for it with a thing called "taxes". our HC system is great.
A Canadian  
is "like an American but without a gun," right @DaveSFoley ?
Never heard that one but you've got a potus that confirms an American stereotype and opinion the rest of the world shares
Bernie, no.
I'm pretty sure they call themselves Canadians, Bernie. 
#proud to be #Canadian #glad we are not #American but we can be friends eh
Sorry Bernie I'm Canadian and never hear that joke before. Americans like to bash our system but most don't know what they're talking about.
Haha, cute, but completely false, no one in Canada tells this “joke.”
nope. we do not
Walking down a street in Detroit one morning, a police officer in a patrol car pull over, he said, You must be a Canadian.
@SenSanders says "we" about Canadians, but not about Democrats. Trust me,  wouldn't welcome such a fool.
There's also a joke in the U.K.  "You're cheaper dead." True story.
Why do you have ads on Breitbart?
Cute joke but a real Canadian, of which I am one, would never refer to him/herself as American in any way.
You get a referral to a specialist from your doctor, you make an appt, you go, you get treated. No bill, no pmt. just excellent healthcare.
You got it wrong, Bernie! A Canadian is someone with health care who doesn't own a gun! We aren't apologetic for it, either.
You should move up there.
Who tells this joke? As a Canadian I've never heard it. Not surprisingly.
A lot of trolling by insurance companies and/or people too stupid to know what's good for them.
Bernie is such a card.  Socialists make the best jokes ...
Faults/fake news. Canada's health care is a joke. IF U Bernie Sanders love it so much go up there and live.
Canadian healthcare, so great you die waiting to see a doctor #socialismsucks #SinglePayerNowsucks
I remember purchasing items in Canada, the receipt showed two different taxes. Believe one tax was for healthcare. Healthcare is not free.
That's bs.. you don't get a receipt stating that
There were two taxes on the receipt. Why then?
Provincial sales tax(PST) then the federal sales tax(GST).. some provinces have harmonized taxes(HST)..
Well, that explains the two taxes on the receipt. But not how those taxes are used. Thanks.
Those taxes are put into general revenue..
Still wonder how Canada affords free health care. Something about 30% is from supplemental insurance? Maybe a tax on pay check?
Yes income taxes corporate taxes sales taxes all pay a portion for Healthcare..
