why didn't you do anything the past 8 years Bernie? now you have ideas?  LOL
Look up his history. Don't just spurt out nonsense...
really, tell me how Bernie reduced our taxes, created jobs. the reason the Dems were voted out was bc of the economy.
Vermont seemed to be doing pretty well with him as senator. Again your on the Internet use google..
Haha - he's a senator, not the governor. he doesn't run the state. Google "governor"
Yes...and he has put forth many bills as a senator (from vermont) that the GOP don't like cause the don't make $ off em. Use google please
more vague references to nothing
False dichotomy, give as much of a tax break as possible to everyone possible.
Yea, screw the debt. Let people who have more money than I'll make in my lifetime have more money they won't even spend.
What will they do with it if they don't spend it? Leave it in their mattress?
Maybe into hedge fund that use computer algorithms to suck money out of the stock market from people's 401k's. Sounds great.
Explain tk me how a hedge fund sucks money out of peoples 401k
There is a finite amount of money in the stock market. If a hedge fund is taking money out where do you think it is coming from?
This shows a serious lack of understanding about how the stock market works, but also fails to explain question asked.
No I cannot explain the stock market to you in 140 characters. Go read a book.
Government doesn't create jobs from nothing, it inefficiently contracts jobs to the private sector with stolen money.
If you relieve taxes from the lower class they have more spending money, which means companies have more money to hire more people.
I want to relieve taxes for everyone. That's how you get real growth & govt doesn't pick winners/losers.
Billionaires don't need tax relief. They're billionaires. Just the tax reliefs they're getting this year would pay for universal tuition.
Billionaires r taxed at over 50%. Meaning they spend money to find ways out of paying taxes, instead of spending on value creation & growth
There are multiple people making over $10 billion per year, and the government is relieving their estate tax. That helps no one but bnaires.
Giving people money they own is not a break, it's reduced theft!
So is that what ALL your tax money is? Theft? You don't believe in government? How about NASA? Police departments? Fire dept? FDA?
This might be news to someone employed by the state his whole life but govco doesn't create anything.
No but they provide needed services.  Like roads and bridges
Which constitutes a miniscule portion of the budget.
donate your other 2 houses. if so i will believe you
What is difficult to believe about his statement? They don’t need tax breaks, we need to fix our infrastructure
what's difficult is that he's been saying that his entire adult life and never made it happen. Doesn't look like he ever will.
BOTH parties have failed the working classes, that’s a fact.
I think it makes more sense for the government to not steal from any of us.
You seem to be ok with this "theft" if applied to corp welfare and military contractors, but not if applied to public health & education.
Incorrect assumption. I’m not okay with any gov spending if it was stolen from me. I worked for my money, leave it alone. That’s all I want
Why is it theft if u receive critical and necessary services in return? Eg rds you drive on, emergency/rescue srvcs, our national parks etc
If I were to come to your house, put a gun to you, and demand you give me your money so I can give to others, woundnt that still be theft?
Ha, the dramatics! 1st, I guess u may not like ur ansr to my Q. 2nd, there's fundamental falsehood in your Q: u benefit from taxes too.
The taxes I pay benefit you, me, everyone else. Problem we face is what the taxes go towards and are used for, not whether we pay taxes.
Well they may benefit some, but not everybody. It’s disproportionate. If I want to take care of others I’ll do it on my own, and I do
So, you want tax payers to grow the economy?
makes way more sense for you to stop promoting Nothing Until We Get Everything. Jesus why are you on there?
Sit down and shut up please!  Your thoughts and ideas are irrelevant, we will not succumb to Socialism. Stop trying to destroy the US
Thanks for being the voice of honesty and reason.
Success is not a punishable offense. We can't care for everyone and their 5 Medicaid dependent kids AND fix infrastructure.
Where in this statement does it say they need to be punished? He’s wanting them to pay their fair share..period
A huge percentage while some pay none is hardly fair. Have you freaks lost all ability to think?! My god you're so dumb it's scary.
You’re all mad at the wrong people. The poor aren’t the reason we’re in this mess.. it’s the greedy rich
Greedy rich like those in Hollywood and the NFL but we don't call them out do we? Just corporations who employ & insure ppl. Get a life.
Never mind The uranium deal with Russia 
Bernie is the people’s champ!

Everything you say makes more sense
FDR 2.0
Retire already
I don’t believe it is your responsibility, as one of the top 1%, to rebuild infrastructure, that is all Americans responsibility
@BToughts124  first time in 7yrs negative growth in jobs with this idiot Trump it may have been slow growth because of GOP but its growth
Right Wingers gonna come and hate, spout out how much BLM and stuff are whats wrong with this country, the 1% just loving us low income people fighting amoungst ourselves, they adore the GOP voters because they have them convinced brown people cause their problems.
I'm going with Door No. 2....
U kno all of those r possible simultaneously, right? Of course u do, but u have to present it so ur followers become polarized on the issue.
You are extreme to a fault. Full of great ideas that will never work in the real world.
US definitely needs money to rebuild old infrastructure.
Bernie yes it does
Did it make sense when Obama relented on Bush tx cuts he said would go?
Of course the one % and their corporations should be taxed higher!
WTF do you know about creating wealth for middle America?  You've been sucking the government tit forever, loser! @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
It makes sense, however there hasn't been a president that cares for its citizens,more than they care about taking contributions,from the rich,so they can be also.this includes Obama.It isnt only republicans
#MakeTaxationTheftAgain
Watch out for republican trolls. They act like they know nothing about what Bernie's been doing, but we know. They are so easy to spot.
BOTH!  Unfortunately, that requires voodoo magic
your a millionaire you don't speak for the rest of us who work for a living.Your lying on the tax break to the wealthy
Bernie, go have a nap.
And watch out for people with fraud in their name.
Of course not!
neither
Depends on who you ask, Lil' Lyin Donny and his ilk want their tax cuts, the rest of us want jobs and infrastructure b/c we're not selfish.
To a lot of voters we are just tax and spend democrats, so more info is needed.
I want a tax break! It’s not just for the 1%
Middle cls gets few million, pennies each.  1% gets over 1.4 trillion.  Guess who pays for debt incurred?  Guess whose Medicare cut?  READ
Who is paying for this? Taxpayers?
The latter would be preferable and best for all, including the 1%.
If the @GOP really believes taxes are evil and wants to cut them, they should start at the bottom and work up. More people helped that way.
Isn't building or maintaining #thewall part of our #infrastructure??? :P
how much tax did you pay on the $795k book advance you got Bernie? IF ur book sells like hotcakes ur 2mill networth may rise to top 1% lol
Absolutely infrastructure, but let's get it right this time and move to solar wind, etc, not the same ol' crap!!!!
Give off the 1% bullshit. Just a talking point. Mr 12%
Interesting republicans put tax cuts for wealthy above creating jobs and fixing broken infrastucture. Priorities.
That which trickles down is yellow.
REBUILD!!! 
Does it make sense for 50% of America pays nothing? Why do you want to punish people that prosper?
Bam! I'm with you Bernie! Thanks for caring about the 99%! Let's do this America! NO TAX BREAKS FOR THE 1%! WE DON'T NEED 45'S FAKE XMASGIFT
Anyone remember the billion dollars project that was supposed to create shovel ready jobs. Are we going to buy that lie again
Bernie you want to raise taxes to pay for all your free shit.
http://Jobs.jobs.jobs .
No. Make the 1% pay for the rebuilding of infrastructure in the USA, plus Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, etc. Then keep taxing them.
Corporate America is already sitting on trillions of $$$$$.  Why don't they pay their employees more.  Bigger salary = more tax revenue.
Not how it works.  Greed rules
Sense is it true W W 1 happened because of financial industry & BANKS have manipulated$markets for 500 years or better ?
This LIE of a TAX PLAN, is a Mockery of the Middle Class.The plan is so disgraceful that not even the GOP themselves can't sell it.
Their sales pitch " to us fools " is that the plan simplify the Tax System. Which is disgusting Lie.
As a tax research analyst, I an here to tell you that a an American Tax Plan cannot be SIMPLE. This tax plan is a GOP hoax.
The Tax plàn by NATURE, cannot be simple. Because ir Services the largest Economy in the world.
A Tsx plan for a Population of Approximately 350 Million people, by NATURE, cannot be SIMPLE, Its a BIG FAT LIE. Don't be fooled.
Nope. It has Never worked. #beendonebefore The rich are trying to keep the status quo.
How about we stop stealing everyone’s damn money and shrink government?
Why create jobs with open borders and 1 million immigrants a year.
...um... THATS a TOUGH one Bernie.. I'm not sure...I don't know.. um... I asked Jeff but he could't really say..but he knew what he was ...

So your hate for the rich will penalize our opportunity of tax breaks too...
Exactly my thoughts too.
Roll Tide
Roll Tide. 
If the gov is so effective at producing jobs how come the gov doesn't build factories but the 1% does?
Gov only cups its hand.
False dilemma. Assumes only two choices. What happened to the trillion dollar stimulas? Pissed away on nothing.  Cut taxes.
Tax breaks. And you're so full of it on "creating" 15 million jobs. That's a lie and you know it, #moonbat
You're think if you create a plan to rebuild every crumbling bridge,outdated water treatment plant,build up levys and dams, nobody's hired?
Lots of union jobs. Unions pay Dems. And when the road is fixed? No more jobs. Besides, states and feds already do this stuff.
Giving a tax break to small business will help & you know that is where the money is going as well. A lie of omission is still a lie.
Rebuild infrastructure! Invest in power that preserves our environment!
Dich gehören zu den 1 Prozent!
Senator,it does not work that way,+giving the government a whacking big slice of another's earnings encourages gov't growth
The ruling party wants to enrich themselves and others in their tax bracket
Run for president god damn it!!!!
Poor people don't create jobs.
#No #CurbYourEnthusiasm
If you're in the 1%, then its highly likely that more is never enough.
Sweet false choice
Why stop at 15 million jobs?  Lets give all of our money to the government and create even more jobs!!!  #CNNDebateNight
how does taking more money from people create jobs? lol
I know u want to tax rich. But u won’t  in reality.. ur idea will just screw middle income ones..
As long as i get a tax break too; i could care the fuck less bernie. I just graduated with my masters degree i have loans to pay back.
Is this a trick question? Because we all know your 1% wife could have created hundreds of jobs but instead she chose to commit fraud.
Idk B, billionaires are clearly struggling and need tax cuts. Just eliminate the income tax for anybody making 1M+ a year.
Hahahaha. First, false dichotomy. Second, we have money for infrastructure. Where is it, Bernie? Third, government created jobs? No, thanks!
These cronies are all the same.
You are saying we target the wealthy and use force to take their money and create jobs?  What jobs? How does stealing money create jobs.
1% !!!
I never got a job from a poor man
The people, in every tax bracket, know how to Siena their money better than the government ever will.
How much did that's obamacare website cost us?
You are the top 1% with 3 houses!
You claimed the tax cuts are paid for by medicaid cuts & higher middle class taxes.
Now you want to keep those to pay for infrastructure?
Sheesh, I'm in the 1% and I know the answer is that we need to infrastructure and deficit reduction. GOP is sooo shortsighted
those two things aren't mutually exclusive bro
It makes sense that you should retire...
Easy. $$$$$$$
Bernie Sanders > Trump ...enough said
YOU TELL US SINCE YOU'RE IN THAT 1%, YOU CRABAPHOBE!
People when you give tax breaks to people who already have everything they want, the money will not trickle down. We've tried that already.
I don't like idea of giving tax break to the rich, but I do think encouraging them to spend via tax fixed tax exemptions might help economy
Wow that's not a leading question at all. You totally don't sound like a snake oil salesman.
I often wonder when I listen to you....do you really believe the BS you are shoveling?
You'd think that would be a no-brainer, especially appealing to brainless Republicans.
you shouldnt talk taxes so much...not your strongest subject sir
just a suggestion
For example.. talk abt how it will impact their everyday checks
oh Bernie.....you sold out on all the folks that supported you......
Maybe you shld try giving e.g to the avg joe who doesn’t follow politics and explain how it will impact their lives.
If you don't "follow politics," you are giving up all your power as a citizen who pays taxes whether the policies help you or hurt you.
The reality, not every one does. So with that being said ,@SenSanders needs to reach those ppl and break it down in layman’s terms
those ppl only  listen to a familiar name or go with a party but aren’t aware of what’s going on
Just move to a Socialist shithole instead of ruining this country.
So whats your plan you socialist fraud. Print more money?
I choose the latter option it serves the nation as a whole, not a very few who possess of disproportionate wealth & do not need tax relief
no but neither does socialism so im calling it lesser of 2 evils xD
Infrastructure all the way. These ppl for tax cuts need to visit nyc and see our crumbling roads. Bridges. Trains. It’s a mess #gobernie
Hmm...NY among the highest taxed n the country. If you're not smart enough to ask yourself, I'll ask for you: What happen to all THAT tax $?
They r the ones hiring us!! I know u never held a job but that’s how it works!! They expand & hire more etc
GO AWAY! You are #complicit
It's not the governments money, quit treating it like it is...and start paying your fair share loser
No es 
I wonder @realDonaldTrump
the problem with that, is that’s not what congress will do with the money.  You lie! And you know it.
Do you have anything but false dichotomies comrade?
But Bernie
Too simple for LibTARDS to understand
Hey Bernie, what about all the money Obama spent on infrastructure. That money did'nt last long. Not a lot of jobs from that.
1% pay almost half of the taxes which go to greedy gov's pockets, not tax payers. Fix that FIRST.
Bernie, you gotta start telling people about the socialist programs they already have that they don't realize: fire, police, schools, roads
It depends on who you ask.  #infrastructureplease #bridgesroadsoverpassesohmy
Your way has failed. We are gonna give this a try and see if it doesn't get results.
Absolutely not.
Apparently, most Republicans choose a. while most everyone else b.
You don't tax a nation into prosperity. If we reduce burdensome corporate taxes we can compete with other nations and create more jobs.
Are you asking me or the GOP??
I’ll take 15 million jobs, thank you.
It's so ez 4 u 2 spend OUR $$. Rebuild, ONLY when & where it's imperative. CAPITALISM made us the worlds wealthiest, most charitable nation.
poor man never hired anyone
These are mutually exclusive?  Ever heard of the Laffer curve?  It is possible to bring in more tax revenue at lower rates.
Is this a trick question?
Isn't it past your bedtime?
I stand by and for Bernie
Bernie bankrupting America idea:

Does it make more sense to pay for college or for it to be free for everyone? #insane
Does anyone care about uranium one
It's a no brainer, but when money's involved don't look for common sense to get in the way.
Which house of yours are you tweeting from?
You don't get to ask that question, it's not your money. They earned it, they keep it. And "15M jobs"...pls, that's a load of garbage
Idk, but continuing to spend 50 billion in Afghanistan every year is insane!
How about giving tax breaks to the job creators who will in turn create jobs?

#duh
Quite taxing America into poverty with Socialism
#RecallSenatorSanders
#ENdDemocraticSocialism
Wow, you are seriously clueless. Please read "Economics in One Lesson" by Henry Hazlitt.
The second thing.
you have 3 expensive houses and have never had a real job, you've gotten rich far beyond your salary while in public office, let's clean you and those like you out of politics once and for all
It makes sense to give tax breaks to every class, which is fair.
When has Trump ever done anything that makes sense?
Forever gi bill he passed, rolling back regulations allowing jobs to grow 17yr low unemployment, pulling out of tpp & Iran deal. #MAGA
Yeah, that worked great for Obama.  The $$$ were wasted for “green” and “shovel ready” make work jobs but they never materialized
Is this a trick question?
Same old song from this socialist, DRONE.
We want to do both....but #libnazis would rather see usa burn than 45 to have success...your exactly what we don't need...
*you're
Ty
Rebuild.
You would have more credibility if you refused SSI payments as well as paid your effective tax rate without ANY deductions.
try US getting 4 trillion dollars from off shore accounts that is not going to be taxed until it gets back to our country.  #truth
#bankfraudbernie
GOP doesn't do things that make sense & real people know that question is rhetorical
U have never
WE arent going to rebuild our infrastructure.Govt is going to parcel out the projects & award them 2 lowest bidder. Will the workers be USA?
10% of Americans pay 70% of the taxes.....but you can't win elections with 10% of the vote... solution, make all tax cuts seem for the rich.
Comrade Bernie! Explain 2 him how we will pay for healthcare, rebuild infrastructure, create communist Utopia! This time it will work! 
Tax breaks
Ask your crooked wife
I love priming the pump policies. American is not ready for you for President. Candidate needs to be white, male, christian, moderate, 50-60
Yes, and bring back the CCC!
