At least 99 bills to restrict access to registration and voting have been introduced in 31 states. http://bit.ly/2lCDy2r  
Voter ID does not equal suppression. If you can get out to vote, you can get a free state ID. If you're illegal, you simply can't vote
Here's the problem: many states schedule the times you can get IDs during work hours, so voters can't get them. And many can't afford them.
They are free! If you are working, you already have an ID.There are folks in the community carrying folks to vote. Go get ID. Simple.
https://www.aclu.org/other/oppose-voter-id-legislation-fact-sheet … They aren't free. And we are wasting millions to stop a problem that doesn't exist. Voter fraud doesn't happen.
Yes they are in my state. Problem Obama justice department says we can't do it. Glad his worthless self and company is gone. Put in place
There is no evidence to support your claim that voter fraud exists.
Sure there is. It usually takes several years to charge and convict. There were cases from 2012. And before that. Change your name 2 Ostrich
Maybe a few dozen. It isn't a problem. Source please.
Voter suppression is irrelevant in a system of election fraud. What good are votes if the DNC, GOP and electoral college ignore them?
Ok. You are right to an extent. Electoral college did its job correctly. Voted just as it's state was determined. Sorry CA and NY
Democracy's principle is one person one vote. With electoral college, it's one North Dakotan 3x the vote of average American.
We aren't a pure democracy. We are a representative republic. Bad schooling on your end. Sorry. Founders set up EC to prevent urban control
Times have changed...  and when it comes to a Federal election, states shouldn't matter as much as the entire population.
Easiest way to explain. Do you understand why the EC is needed? If gray votes A and blue vote B using popular vote B wins. Not fair is it
Mass of open land means nothing! It's about one person, one vote!
Guess you need a civics class. It's NEVER been about one man one vote. We have NEVER elected a President that way. EVER.
Dems should concentrate on Florida and Georgia in 2020. I know Bernie can win those states!
Bernie is done for. Hillary punked him. Now he is old, white, bought and paid for AND he can't decide whether he is Dem or not!! 
Bernie is and always will be an independent. He ran of the dem ticket as best chance to win. He will be back!
That should tell you he's a sellout. Sold out to DNC, they screwed him then he screwed his supporters to be good Democrat. Rethink that
After the FBI investigation and Bernies wife's in jail it won't matter, he will be a sick old man eating prunes in a wheelchair all day.
She will not be in jail.
Amazing how that works, if it were anyone else who did what she did they would be in jail right now awaiting trial.
She did nothing. Hillary and trump are the guilty ones!
So your 'reason' for wanting voter IDs is because 'other places requre me to have an ID'??  LMAO!!
That's not what you said. You said you need one for work, taxes, the bank and the library, so that somehow means you should have a voter ID.
Fraud is almost non-existent.  Poor turnout is rampant.

Your solution exacerbates one problem to solve one that does almost nothing.
I don't even know what country I live in anymore.  America is being stolen from its' people and handed over to the rich and powerful.
Democrat and republican states.

Poll of Socialists...

61% live with their parents.…
Why do they keep suppressing our votes, ITS A FORM OF CHEATING
You gotta show photo ID to buy smokes, cash a check, use a debit card, enter Democrats functions, so what's the problem to show to vote?
No it is you and your cronies Buuuurrrnie
We just don't really want the dead voting Bernie.... forgive us.
The REAL crisis is living in the confines of socio-political Orwellian 'narrative' & the eroding of responsibility for one's own actions.
In the UK the Labour Party know all about election fraud,  students voting twice. Ask your pal Corbyn....
Sure thing......
Bernie. There are 3.5 million more registered voters than there are eligible voters in the USA  can you say democratic fraud
If votes mattered YOU would have been the Democratic nominee.
The Democrats took it away from #Bernie don't get me started on this! In Nevada the stole it from him cheated lied at state convention
Always a CRISIS! Bernie, calm down. You may want to look up the word, "crisis"
Saying this as a New Mexican when I write and call my elected reps, I ACTUALLY receive a response from them.
WRONG and you know it. The real crisis we face is the corrupt candidates are hand picked before a ballot is even cast!
@RisePDX @SenSanders
3 PC O' Neill Bratton Ray Kelly Protecting NYPD IA Crimes See NYPD Det Andrew Dwyer, John Vergona DD5s video audios 
http://suzannahbtroy.blogspot.com/2017/08/nypd-pc-o-neill-nypd-ia-crimes-see-nypd.html?m=1 …
You are so wrong on this like you are on most issues. Have you ever read anything that Judicial Watch put out?
You can't vote innocent people out of prison and chemicals out of a lakes. We need leaders who make substantial changes in the system, now.
But equally important is voters who are registered must get out and vote
I would say more important...this country doesn't have a voter fraud problem but it has a BIG voter turnout problem.
Ok, I agree it's more important
Every vote counts that is why voter suppression is a tactic that must be thwarted where ever it is attempted..
Constant vigilance is key 
Some votes are counted twice, some 10 times
Seriously Bernie? You need ID for almost anything in the United States
Driving a car is not a right protected by the constitution.  Voting is. Until I see evidence of significant voter fraud
I'm unable to retweet Bernie. As the numbers from the election reveal how many Bernie supporters voted Trump or did not vote,I just can't.
We know this, we participated in the primaries. Just blink twice.
Come on B, that's just trying to clean up voter (Dems) fraud! You should welcome that!
You're parents must be awful proud of you Bernard ! You're a leech on the ass of workers. How's your wife's felony charge coming ?
I don't think our greatest problem is voter suppression, it's Donald Trump.
Is this the 50's? There is NO reason to Restrict Voting, other than to Interfere with our Ability to VOTE our Conscience. GOP VoterTampering
Damn Bernie, if only you had Won. We needed a POTUS who would bring this Country together. President for Democrats AND Republicans.ALL OF US
Now we have a Polarized Country with a President who likes it that way. President of RED States ONLY. Bernie, keep your messages comingToAll
Not gonna happen Obama was worse I don't agree on everything trump has done but Obama did worse
You need an ID to board a plane, open a bank account and adopt a pet. Why not have one to vote?
We need a national ID, issued at birth to all Americans.
You mean birth certificates? Or social security? We've got them.
I mean a number, card, something assigned at birth so that no state could restrict your voting privileges. Bye, bye voter ID laws.
How's your wife's criminal investigation going?
And election fraud!!! PLEASE BERNIE, JOIN THE PEOPLE'S PARTY!! They will NEVER allow you to win! You are sleeping with the enemy!
If he goes 3rd party it will only help the conservatives more
It didn't work in the last election. If he runs as a Dem again, he will not win the nomination. And Trump will win again.
Why wouldn't he be able to win this time? His problem in 2016 was noone heard of him. Not a problem anymore.
He filled stadiums!!! The problem is the Dem Party is a crime syndicate and they will not allow him to win. They will cheat again
Ron Paul also filled stadiums. The # of people to fill a stadium is tiny next to total voters. Just highly energized group.
Of you need a ID to get library card you should have ID to vote
False analogy: a library card isn't a fundamental right protected by the Constitution.  It's called common sense.  Try it out.
Why do you think you shouldn't have to display an ID to vote?
why do you need one in the first place
To prove you are an American citizen...
what about LPRs? or us citizens w/o ID cards, are they just SOL?
You should work to get some from of photo identification
sounds like a way to punish/disenfranchise the poor to me...almost like they have to pay a tax...to get to the polls... 
The real crisis is not draining the swamp of you Communist yet.. But that days coming.
Is this a threat? @FBI
FBI is already investigating the Communist..
Bernie, you should focus on getting your supporters who CAN vote to actually get out and vote. That seemed to be your dilemma in 2016.
In the primary, independents not allowed, that hurt him, not his fault. In general, HRC uninspiring and boring to most.
I agree. HRC was boring...so people didn't come out to vote, particularly Millennials.
Exactly!
No election fraud! Paper ballots now!
Amen, brother!!!
Wrong!!!!!
One, nationwide, free, independent labor union, of people from all walks of life. Then, WE THE PEOPLE, will have our voice back.

Excatly but they still need to check the voting machines in certain states for Mal-ware
You let Hillary Clinton schlong the crap out of you.  Wasserman-Schultz helped her.  It was a tag team marathon event.  #Loser
Who can function without some basic form of ID? Many states an ID is free and yet very few even bothered getting one
Voter ID is essential!!!
Yes we should have automatic voter registration. We as a country should be making it EASIER to vote, not harder.
Well you're in power let's here you talk about it more
Stupid. If u vote u shld have ID to make sure it's u. Just like schools, work, etc they require ID. You just want someone to commit fraud.
No the real problem is people still falsely equate Democrats and Republicans as being the same and not voting.
Especially by Dem operatives in delegate-rich states! Did U know in St Clara County ROV instructed poll workers not to inform independents?!
Well do something about gerrymandering.
Is being a Democrat automatically make people habitual Liars. Or was you one before you became a Democrat.
Yeah..... you follow the constitution duh!!!! Don't like it? There are ways to amendment it. HOP ON IT!!!

Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch is helping funnel money into @realDonaldTrump's pocket. http://wapo.st/2vXrEDB 

You mean by requiring votet ID's?  Don't you want only qualified voters determining our issues?
there shouldn't be all these restrictions so the gop can continue to cheat, in order to win.  are we still living in the USA or what?
Or bank fraud
The crisis is the number of bills looking to make voting easier...and less regulated. Making sure someone is who they say is not suppression
Is that why you didn't speak up when the DNC stole the election from you?
Wrong.
BOT
Yes. The country is being taken over by millions of bots. Go back to bed.
Another juvenile tweet from a Trump supporter.  So expected and typical.
True!! They need to do something about it
LESS FREQUENT THAN LIGHTNING STRIKES is #VoterFraud MUCH MORE DANGEROUS is #VoterSuppression  “@SenSanders https://twitter.com/BrennanCenter/status/900140030114615298 …”
At least 99 bills to restrict access to registration and voting have been introduced in 31 states. http://bit.ly/2lCDy2r  
Voter IDs are necessary when we live in a world where voter fraud is so easy to accomplish. You want honest election results, correct?
The main problem is how our party forced in Hillary over you. Imagine if you would have had the full backing from the start!
Yeah Bernie wants every illegal, every felon, to have a vote because they will support the evil, leftist, anti American,  anarchist drubs.
I need an ID to drive a car, see a doctor, buy alcohol, tobacco, a firearm,  to rent/purchase a home, or to rent a hotel room.
What's your point?
Boy you Commies. So afraid of being exposed brainwashed bunch of bafoons.
#Liar
Says the Leftist who is helped by voter fraud.  LOL!
Ur still here?? Not everything is free burner!! Ur dirty politics give  the non working class a say..get a job. Then u can speak ur views
And election fraud! The DNC uses tactics so does the RNC and we also have voting MACHINES! We have no democracy!
Quit trying to legalize votes for illegals and felons.
I'm not aware of any gov't run program not fraught with fraud.  Voter fraud needs to be investigated once and for all.  Voter IDs can help.
It's for this reason that we need to eliminate the antiquated electoral college system. One citizen one vote!
Qué peligroso es para la Democracia
Stop it bern  the people have spoken solely it go
IF you are a legally registered voter, showing VOTER ID should not be an issue in any state. Registering to vote is  simple process. crisis?
And it's not "Russian interference" either, but that's what Dems are focused on instead of voter suppression. Sad.
Yes, we making harder for illegals to vote. If that's a crisis, you should move to Pakistan.
Shout t from the rooftops!  We have to fight to register everyone & help them get to the polls.
Let's work to get these suppressed voters to the polls then!! #Vote
Both are considerable threats that must be addressed before 2018 and 2020 elections.
You are spinning "Voter ID" as voter suppression? Of course we should check if voters are American citizens before they vote, duh
Really Senator? The #DNCLAWSUIT was dismissed and this is all u got?
Legal voters are not suppressed
Says the guy screwed by Hillary Clinton and the Democrats
The unreality of Bern, these not to suppress voters but to ensure voter validity, Berns hopes ride on illegal voters
In other words bills making it harder to bus around people to different polling stations voting for dead people.  Right.
No evidence for that. And please don't bother posting a project veritas video....
Theres no evidence because every time republicans want to investigate, dems scream bloody murder saying no evidence before its investigated
Lol trump made an entire committee to find voter fraud. He found none...
Because blue states refuse to cooperate with the damn committee and are witholding data.  Thats where the fraud is at lol
Sure.... the only fraud is in democratic states....
Give it more than the month its had, fraud will be found and dealt with accordingly
Work to give them all "free" ID's.
How much more easier can we make it?,,,show some effort if u want to vote
Get back out there Bernie Sanders give the children trump and family that game we call the game of life
To all who see this please make sure everyone you know registers to vote and votes. Your life does depend on it. Exhibit A #45.
That would include the nut jobs in @NCGOP in legislature. Luckily we have a sane governor @GovRoyCooper. #historyiswatchingyou
North Carolina Socialist Republic. Y'all tax taxes there!!! Awesome. Taxing your way to ???
.Pay your bills Bernie Sanders. You dead beat. 
National City Proceeds With Lawsuit Against Bernie Sanders Campaign For Payment | NBC 7 San Diego http://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/local/National-City-Proceeds-With-Lawsuit-Against-Bernie-Sanders-Campaign-For-Payment--441461583.html … via @nbcsandiego
The real crisis is DNC who commits fraud & abuse. You were the biggest victim of DNC's, Hillary's, fraud! Wake up Bernie! They screwed you!
And I love that u call yourself a socialist when u make 175,000+ a year and redistribute none of it... thankfully u'll be gone soon
That's Rich coming from you...integrity lost.
Wish you were our President.
How is proving you are who you say you are as suppression?
The real crisis is a president and Congress who have abdicated their responsibilities.
Bull, political rhetoric doesn't work. A true vote is an American right. Clean voter rolls & voter ID insure honesty, the left's nemesis.
No it's voter right with no qualifying standards...dumbest people in AMERICA (that's real dumb) affect societies organization...good plan
That's crazy. In MD? Hadn't heard of that.
Yeah, idk, maybe some Republican proposed for  & , but that would hardly be worth mentioning in a Dem supermajority state..
Do you sit all night thinking up these type statements
Wow smart man
...or  something else to be thought up at a later date.
You're the only fraud in this tweet.  How's Jane's FBI FRAUD investigation going?
The whole Russia excuse is no longer working I guess?
What are you talking about, Bernie? It is voter fraud, and there was lots of it. The only people who are being suppressed are non-citizens.
We have to have a drivers license to drive. How hard is it to get a simple ID card if you are a valid citizen?
No Bernie, It's election fraud, and you need to abandon the dems to sink on their own or they will do it to you again. Or to Tulsi, Or Nina
When everyone is able to vote with the pleasure of casting their vote, we have the beginnings of democracy
Bernie always peddling your "poor minority" bullshit ,how about the millions of poor whites?
Omg. You sound like a broken record. Stop. Talk about what we can do about it.
#DNCfraudProtest #SeeyouinDC #IamSethRich http://www.facebook.com/events/1371382702975167 …
No it's DT!
I pay my taxes and work my butt off daily!  As a tax paying citizen I demand those citizens receiving any government support show voter ID!
Omg stop
And your proof is what Bumbling Bernie?
You must be a citizen to vote. Proving your identity is not discriminatory.
Please Mr Sanders help USA from Trump he is very dangerous please please
And voter apathy!
I have never seen, anyplace, someone attempting to do such. Lies. Get it right, fraud happens when you remove rules and oversight.
Remember. There are NO rights without voting rights
Voter suppression happened to my mom in Harris County, Texas. #impeachtrumpnow
Maybe you should look to the DNC in regards to cheating.  Democrats have a history of voter fraud.
Bernie, as voters we have THE RIGHT to ensure that ALL VOTERS are LEGITIMATE CONSTITUENTS and NOT Illegitimate or Fradulent-Good for GOP&DEM
We get it; you, the @GOP, and @TheDemocrats believe a lot of people voting left are too stupid or incompetent to figure out how to get ID.
Wouldn't it be as easy as lying on the census to stop gerrymandering?
"Look... everyone is black what do we do?"
 #lieonthecensus
Impeach! Keep fighting Bernie!!
A particular crisis for seniors who have difficulty getting I.D.'s
Prove you're eligible to vote, you'll vote. Like driving a car. Easy peasy
The real crises you have is a crazy president! Get rid of him!
Your right Bernie  showing an I'd is a vile and racist act. White ppl r so eeeevil
Gerrymandering,  huge $, citizens united. All of it
If your not a citizen legally you dont get to vote, if you can't prove who you are and where you live you dont get to vote period
The real crisis is the army of the dead. #WinterIsHere
And ballot box hacking, gerrymandering, Citizens United, and propaganda. We need mandatory paper ballots & feds should pay for it.
I checked your profile. Fellow Green Party guy here.
Sick. Not to mention illegal. UnAmerican. Immoral. Pray for the USA
Are we watching the death by strangulation of democracy?
Lol at Bernie.  Has anyone ever wondered why he didn't challenge the fact his own party cheated to defeat him as the Dem Candidate?
And voter deception like you pulled in 2016
As long as candidates can manipulate machines, our votes can be stolen, until that changes, nothing changes!!
I moved to Texas just before the election. They would not take my valid ID; they did take my expired passport. I was registered, as well.
To explain, my valid ID was from Utah, but I was registered in my county in Texas. Still would not accept it.
Voter Suppression Is Election Fraud
We Register ILLEGALS IN @CalWGolf Trump’s shutdown threat raises stakes for lawmakers in looming funding battle
Wrong AGAIN.
Yup we should allow illegal aliens and dead people to vote as long as they vote Democrat right?
i never voted for Obama! Bernie Sanders and the Dem.s had all the dead people in the USA vote Obama that is fraud and voter suppression!
What is it that a bill would do to suppress voters?
If they cannot win...they CHEAT...IT'S THE GOP'S WAY
Are you sure? I'm not. Actually states without voter ID laws are Democrat states. Why? To rig voting. Proven. Go look
This statement is false.  You should be following @mikefarb1   Voter suppression is bad but please dig in and see that votes were changed.
The real crisis we face are the republicans and the hate groups who represent them
Thx for helping trump the way you did.
The gig is up. Don't fight it Bernie.  Earn votes the correct way. Have some integrity.
Is it racist not to check ID on a plane? No! Same for voting.  No id=no vote
GTFOH
@ksgovernment tf y'all doing 
Fr
Fake outrage - Democrats, liberal, socialist and snowflakes need to wake up.
Top bad tour own party pulled the rug out from under you... It's a shame how you were backdoored
Bernie, You do realize the #DNC committed #VoterSuppression during the #Primary which in turn fractured the Dem party!
1 reason for #DemExit
Bernie. Only citizens of a. Country shoul vote in its elections. Not allowing non citizens to vote is not supredsion
Wrong Bernie There really IS a problem with non Americans voting,people voting more than once being bused to many places to vote STOPLYING!
Valerie, you've been propagandized. Where's the evidence that points to that?
NO , YOU'VE BEEN PROPAGANDIZED. THERE IS PROOF BUT YOU ARE LOOKING AT ONLY THE SOROS FUNDED SITES.
We should also make it easier to buy guns. Shouldn't need an Id for either
This ought to anger everyone !
So much for the FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY you all brag about.  If you are a citizen you have a right to vote period
Equality vote in Oz has young enrolling Govt realising too late they have mobilised the millennial. Kicking own goals.
Bernie DNC cheated you
Do you consider voter ID "suppression?"
There are only two sides to this. Every person must be either for the United States or against it. There can only be patriots and traitors
Because getting an id is that difficult. Stop making excuses for those too lazy or too stupid to get a govt id. It's not that hard.
https://www.gofundme.com/p-needs-school-clothes …
It would be ironic if republican voters ended up being the voters suppressed.  Karma is a bitch.
