Bernie if you go through with this debate so many deaths will be your fault. Plain and simple.
Now is not the time to push single payer. Easy concept.
Why not exactly?
If you push the GOP into an either or situation with single payer, they will strike it down. Single payer's time is coming just not now.
The People want universal coverage. That's established. We must refuse to leave our lives in the hands of fascists. It's high time we demand
The kind of accountability from elected reps that our democracy is predicated upon. We show up. We march. We occupy. We vote. If it's an
Either or choice, put to the people, we choose universal coverage. It must stop being a radical notion that our politicians LISTEN TO US
Your health care advisors also want a socialist program like Canada, England, and Venezuela. We want real coverage not Berniecare.
And if it was so great then why do many come to America for health care procedures?? Because it is not covered. Person is to old.
We need open market insurance that allows each and every State to set their own rules and pricing to make affordable for all.
Having a Gov tell and force the citizens to do as they say and not as they do is a Socialist run Gov. You want that. Then move to one
Stop GrahamCassidy first...! 
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy 
are presenting a DeathCare Plan. 
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenKamalaHarris
Bernie has said that. He's out there speaking out to stop it.
He should be not doing this debate! If he does it, he should only be debating how bad this bill is! Not pushing his own agenda!
"His own agenda?" Health care for all? That's my agenda too.
Yes, his agenda! He isn't a Democrat and will take down the party with this!
No, WE will save the party with this!
3) while the doctors who take private will be able to provide better care! I have three preexisting conditions and I am against this
I also have 3 pre-existing conditions, but "#Medicareforall is hard" is not a good reason not to do the right thing.
Good detail now be quiet about Single Payer till Oct 1. Don't kick the sleeping dogs.
He will never be quiet about something that ppl support, now you be quiet.
Strategy Ms. Emotional. Single payer yes but don't kick the R until 10/1/17. The idea is to win not just talk trash.
Bernie the Bolshevik just won't let up. This is America Bernie. Private sector will provide.
Provide us a bill that we can't afford and no preexistent conditions! Wake up! What planet are u on?
I can assure you it would NOT be controlled by the federal government.
The REAL REASON: Koch network 'piggy banks' closed until Republicans pass health and tax reform
U dont care fo the people just.the money.
As a Canadian who grew up poor I would like to say some days I worried about food and heat in the winter BUT never health care.
Cool starve to death eh!!
Nope I lived but way to miss the point
I knew your point but wondering why you even care what we do. You never had that rotten Obamacare did you??
I care about all people poor or rich and every country. I like knowing that no person no matter their financial status has healthcare
Caring and having are two different things. Our Government took our SS and spent it and they take money from me to pay for some people!
My government takes my money to. I'm taxed 30% and that's fine. I have a sense of community. I'm here to help my fellow man
You haven't a clue of what this country is like. Help your fellow man right, here they sit on their ass with free phones etc.
If Obamacare is so good why don't you have it? Why isn't the Senate bound by what they force on citizens?
They have single payer.
Oh, but it wasn't immoral to lie to us and say that we could keep our doctor and our premiums would go down. I despise you bernie
There's so many people now who can hardly afford their insurance because the gov just couldn't keep their hands out of it.
We know why they're wrong. Please let this thing fail on its own. Do not give Lindsey Graham a platform. Do not let them make this about U
Nigga they aren’t trying to get rid of Obamacare for moral reasons. They’re trying to get rid of it for economic reasons stupid socialist.
Hope to see more of your staff @SenSanders.  You have good people behind you.
Note to congress: Stop the fight over health care! Put all Americans on the insurance plan you have! Easy fix!
Bernie nothing is free #retire 8 years of ACA and cost keep raising for the middle class families you say you represent #youareafool
You should improve your advisory staff.
See ed xxxzttc
Let's break down Your Health Care Shall we, Hmmm. Bernie.
Why can't all legal Americans have the same healthcare as you Bernie?
Please defeat Trumpcare BEFORE you debate single payer!
Nope, he can do both.
Please Stop! Haven't you done enough damage already? This is a team and you're not the captain. #Democrats!
And who is on the side of the people?  Senator Sanders is.
He's for himself and socialism. None of that is good.
..where they fit without risking a slippery slope to a dictatorial communist state.  Police and Fire services are socialist.
lol. No Police and firefighters aren’t any sort of example of socialism just like the military isn’t either.
Why don’t you give some of your money to pay for the healthcare
Because trump doesn’t support free healthcare so why should he pay for it and it sounds like Bernie does so he should pay for it
Are you from Canada?
you have a citizenship in canada. Why are you in the US. WHEN YOU CAN CLEARLY GET OUT OF IT. you just wanna start shit.
What's immoral is gov't taking from one person and giving to another. #liberty
No, that's not even close on how it works...ignorant libertarian talking http://point.lol 
Is it immoral to lie to a bank?
Please make it clear during debate that the upcoming Sen vote  is about repealing #ACA.This debate is a dangerous distraction. Defend ACA.
Give me a break.
For some arcane reason, Bernie, you've got the mistaken idea that I want a single payer plan or that I would tolerate paying for that misery
Obamacare was the worst so many of my family and friends have no healthcare we need change!!!!
Have you become a Democrat yet? 
If not, you do not represent us. 
You said you would, what happened?
My feelings exactly.
Your health care advisory? You and your SOCIALIST IDIUMS ARE IMMORAL. Remember, you said single payor will bankrupt the country.  REMMEMBER?
I'm curious what your "advisors" would have said about Obamacare, before it was passed. I'm guessing they'd give this a failing grade too.
I find it immoral to forcefully take money from one person and use it to benefit another.  It is also irresponsible to put up a 32T bill
I m Repub fm TX ;but i donot suport repeal Obamacare.I hav  preexisting condition.B4 OBC cam in Insurence denined my Preexist con.#LUVACA
oh they won't be biased or anything
Please watch to understand the importance contacting your Congress person today
You suck Bernie
Go home to Russia
I want all Insurance Companies Broken up and sold off and then Individual Providers of Actual Care and Services make the cost cutting.
I will flip that, Bernie. Why was the failing ACA so immoral that it was pushed onto us by the Democrats without further debate?
Please don't go on CNN on Monday to debate this.  The GOP will use you as a weapon against us all AGAIN. #learnfromyourpast
I say take away all the golden health care packages our legislators get no let THEM experience what our citizens have to deal with
It’s sad that low-brow government thugs think it’s okay to get whatever they want by stealing it from people first.
Immoral? Taking money from me, an amount I have NO choice in giving, and spending it without my say. That’s called theft.
This bill gives money to states so every state can have different coverage.We are the UNITED states of America. We need EQUAL protections.
Let me break down socialism. Eating zoo animals is such a small part of it; see Venezuela
How do we know these ladies are acurate with their assessment?
Unbelievable from France
Thank you for an honest discussion.  Sen. Murkowski are you listening ?

Graham-Cassidy Bill is the WORST!! They seek money to fund tax cuts for wealthy.Immoral & unethical. 
Whats immoral is taxation.
Please talk to Maine and Alaska!
No state plan is a good plan. Let us be free from ur robbery, gamesmanship, cronyism. U'v done enough to make the affordable, unaffordable
funny how 700 billion is the exact number for the military budget. so life-giving cost or death-dealing spending
Grahm-Cassidy buys yes votes from Senators of Alaska,Montana by allowing their states to keep the Affordable Care Act(Obama Care)no one else
Graham-Cassidy exempts Alaska, Montana from having to particapate. They will get to keep,and stay on Obama Care(A.C.A.)if Senator's vote yes
PLEASE Senator's Mccain,Murkowsik,and Collins would you give this Zombie bill a good Double Tap this time...so it won't come back again!!!
You know what's immoral? Taking others compensation without consent and giving it to others.
Thank you!
#MoreCareNotLess #healthcarebill #GrahamCasiddy #NoGrahamCassidy
#Article25 #HealthCareIsAHumanRight #MedicareForAll
http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ …
Pure evil.
Obama care is 500% more than you said it would be...the problem with socialism is you run out out of tax payer $$
Far less immoral than your tacit support of fascist, violent Antifa, Senator Sanders.  You need to disavow these leftist brown-shirts ASAP.

You tell em Mr Sanders any chance I can help let me know
Support you 100%
Thank you ladies for explaining this
What a load of BS
Shut up Bernie
I am happy his advisers are women. history has most advisers being men.
But I am sad that people think free healthcare is so terrible.
Because nothing is "free": There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free Lunch -- TANSTAAFL.  In this case it would enslave healthcare workers.
Hey Bernie, my Obamacare went from 45/month to 850/month. Are YOU going to pay it? Obamacare is DEAD. Let it die.
Only thing I know for sure is the bill won't be what the left says it is and won't be what the right says it is
Senators Cruz and Cornyn are among the corrupt Republicans who want to repeal the ACA just for political and economic benefits
wtf, taunting bernie and laughing about screwing over the american people.. seriously disturbing 
Why are we listening to Bernie  he never had a job till he was 40 and that was in government  He's never had to worry  and now millionaire ?
It's immoral to make me pay for healthcare for lazy bums who don't work. Way too many freeloaders taking advantage!!!
You want free stuff.... you need free stuff... you deserve free sruff... if they get rid of your free stuff... they are evil Nazi bastards.
Everyone wants my money to pay for your health care.  Why don't you take care of your own situation it's time for personal responsibility
Bernie.... I'm going to debunk this. Be prepared
Thank You!
How about (red) states that want this can have their money taken away and doled back to them in grants and we will keep our Healthcare.
Your propaganda doesnt work either..
Time to get rid of all the corruption.   The states should not be responsible and they aren't
Republicans would sell their own children and mothers for a million $ tax cut! They don't believe ppl should help ppl eat or get healthcare.
Sir, I think they are trying to kill off elderly and disabled, like Nazis! Call it Nazicare. Draining swamps makes water problem elsewhere.
ACA has other crap in it which America doesn't need!
We don't care what your irrelevant self says
Alaska & Montana would get no cap on Medicaid Spending, plus Red States would get more money towards healthcare!
what? Where defrauding a bank or something like you?
Get like me!
NOTHING BUT LIES AND PLATITUDES
Only immoral ppl goes to Washington...including @BarackObama who have overt $400m cash tip Iran &u who accepted defeat from @hillaryClinton
The Republicans care about their selves. Not about Americans. 
Let's vote they out in the next elections!
Which advisor; Lenin or Marx?
So your bill stripping 143m people of health care is ok
SPAM,SPAM,SPAM,SPAM,SPAM!
Has the greta Bernie ever measured the damage done by the Obama/democrap care package?
I’m not sure why twenty-something year olds are explaining this, but they do a decent job. I sure don’t want NC in charge of my health care.
Sen. Lindsey Graham "A small band of brothers looking for a sister, hahahahahaha" What a dick!! 
It is enlightening Republican Party is about their profits ($) regardless of millions of lives could be loss
I'm disappointed in Graham.
Population control. Without insurance they die off. Smh.
Thank u very much for caring and fighting for us who have less than the rich.
All Americans shoul have affordable health care.

You are a dotard.
Bernie you are the immortal one for pushing you socialist agenda.
The problem would miraculously get solved if you TAKE AWAY politicians 100% Gov't Handout Care and lump them in with 99% of Americans.
Bernie, did you know Voters in CA, CO & ME already said NO to single-payer HC once they saw how much they'd pay in taxes 4 it? Nothings FREE
so you  want working folks like me to continue pay obscene healthcare cost and rates while you give it away to those that refuse 2 work
What's immoral is your hand in my pockets to pay for other people's stuff
Single payer health care is a nightmare for profit motivated drug and insurance companies; not for Americans!
Excellent, clear analysis of the latest Republican "health care" plan, and the well-informed popular opposition which is going to stop it
The total lack of compassion of these so called christians, blocking by any means possible affordable healh care for those who require such.
Bernie , thank you once again for standing up against soulless and heartless Senators who don't have our best interest at heart.
They wish to take money from blue states and provide money to Red states, then not provide the required health care.
Universal health care: the epitome of IMMORALITY. Taking away my freedom. Taking away my children's future to give 2 others
Senator. By any chance do you have any advisor who tell you putting your hand in pocket of next generation is immoral too?
....cuz the $hitcare legislation you signed into law 7yrs ago is so wonderful!  Wake up Bernie, we're on to your BS. LIAR! LIAR!
Couldn't have said it better myself.  Bait and switch leaving states to make very hard choices when the grants end! #CongressionalCowards
Sen Graham seemed like a good guy a mere few weeks ago;  now he's a bad guy promoting Anti-Health Care again. It's so hard to keep up
These sleezy, corrupt, souless monsters want no coverage for anyone, but want to retain their full coverage, which WE pay for.
Your "advisors" are grossly misrepresenting this bill. They are young and accustomed to someone else making choices for them.
The devil is alive and well in America..the greed and inhumanity are gobsmacking to those of us in countries with universal healthcare
We do not want a single payer system. Fix the root causes of healthcare and get all the political hacks out of it.
Someone who is so immoral that he wants to steal money from people and redistribute it but himself has 3 houses should rather stay quiet.
Bernie, keep kicking ass for the middle class!

We love you!
Don't let them stop you
Agree with all of those who fear the Monday debate will HURT our efforts to defeat Graham-Cassidy. Please, please CANCEL IT!
It's the worst one from GOP. It will have a huge negative impact and create chaos in the health care market
GOP is the capitalist party. They will stop at nothing to canibalize the economy
I think republicans worry about Bernie, because his integrity and knowledge of government finance, means he has a real healthplan for all
Who wants to hear Bernie CRONYS
Morality is the tool used by Democrats to dehumanize the people and achieve totalitarian rule.
What's immoral about the health care bill? Please be specific, if you can. Most Americans are for a smaller government aren't You?
Why that stupid manipulative background music? This is about real life and death, not a f…… trailer for a movie.
Politicans should get the same coverage as everyone else. They are not special, only greedy and corrupt.
This is capitalism eating itself. It is not sustainable in any way, let alone moral or humane
Because this administration does not care about us. It's evident!!!!
Then maybe work to #saveaca instead of SP right now???
Why such hurry Cassidy,Graham,GOPs? Cause;
Trump wants a Win?
Trump Bullying?
Plan going from frying pan jumping into fire.
Not 4 Ppl,SUCKS
I have a child with autism. This healthcare bill is scary as fuck! My son needs healthcare in order to move forward, and have a good life!
THIS COUNTRY IS IMMORAL
Here we go, experts verse experts. They are all self defined. Why not bring in some more Canadians to say how great it is up there again?

The worst enemy Americans have is not North Korea it's Republicans in Congress.
#Agree100 %
if you want health care we need to say NO to the GOP REP new health care bill as it will take your care from you REP STOP YOUR LIES
Your socialist Obama care is immoral. You take from working-class and give to illegals and freeloaders.
I'm so happy to be Canadian! This is really not good for the American people. They make it sound like they're selling you a car.
Gotta get ginned up, one last time!
Don't push Medicare for all on Monday! Defend the ACA! Or when Graham Cassidy passes! We will blame YOU!
