@tomahawkchoppin What's wrong with taking care of those who are unable to help themselves?
Shut Up & Retire #SellOutSanders
So glad that I no longer watch this dopey show @realDonaldTrump
Joe you play that guitar and ask Bernie to sing ..
I'll BE watching!!!

Sigh..... guess I'll have to watch CNN.
There's a lot of Bernie bashing going on.Sure disagree with him if you like but It's crazy to do anything that divides us.Eyes on the prize!
I'm not bashing Bernie.  He simply doesn't speak for me.  And I sincerely wish he would quit criticizing Dems.
I'm a Dem & I voted for HRC. If what BS says helps the DNC to win, then I'm for it. We need to united against the cruel, greedy GOP policies
Not understanding how his constantly running down Dems unites us??  Anyway, never gonna be a Bern fan.  We just disagree.
Hilarious, talking to ol' Bernie about how someone else is a fraud! Just classic. You really need a total care facility.
2peas in a pod////lol
Joe,you looked in awe of Socialist Bernie. Mika- "Joe is that your pen poking my leg, or are you getting a hard-on for the Bern!"
This is your fault Bernie. Your 15 mind of fame got to your head and you divided our Democratic party.
No, that was you dividing the party. I voted for her after Bernie convinced me it was the best option.
Socialist!!!
Nothing wrong with that, but Bernie is no socialist
That's right Democratic socialist... My bad
Pls....what is wrong with that?
Remember Joe wanted to be Trumps running mate. Now he cries about not joining the club
miserable old man
ask him what him and his wife did with the money
Bernie don't forget to talk about the AGE TAXES 4 HEALTHCARE! #SICKGOP
What did the three people think that watched it?
The bank fraud family
Waste of tv time dumb and dumber and crazy women
So what do you get when three clowns get together? Beavus (Mika), Butthead (Joe), and Bozo (Sanders). Am I right???
same thing he did with all his votes. He sold them to Hillary
Why do you pander to this hypocrite?????
You've got my attention.
Going to drill him on his FBI matter
Ahh. Crazy hosting more crazy.
Are we discussing Burlington College?
Are you talking about Joe Stalin ?
Ask about screwing the Catholic church out of 3 million in his scam!

morning JOKE
You talk about a psycho,this guy has not had a new thought since he was mayor of Burlington. Just another public srvnt millionaire.
Hey Bernie, how is the bank fraud investigation going? Go Away you nothing to offer. Cheater!
Full disclosure on wife's land deal to be discussed no doubt..
No questions to Bernie regarding his wife being under FBI investigation - hypocrites
I would like to hire your wife
To run my school.   Sir
Socialist let Bernie go to Venezuela and see what happens to them
Amazing to me all the @MSNBC watchers here banning @BernieSanders who is the most popular politician in our country. This is why Dems lose.
All Americans should have the same health care program as Congress: Senate & House of Representatives.
Is all of this attention on Russia a redirect scheme concerning what China & India may have done to influence out elections & economy?
Huge profits = Health monopolies = finance GOP campaigns. Obama "Mitt" Care = competition at the state level. GOP will do anything for $$$.
The largest obstacle was/is the GOP politics not implementing/funding Health Care is corporate & 1% tax cuts were in the way!
Very fake news
The GOP has had a long-standing reputation of being organized, professional & Resourceful. Well, it is now the lowest common denominator!
Trump's inconsistent temperament & policy tweets/rants; his complete reversal on policies & issues. Bad things will continue to happen!
MIKA DID WHAT SHE DOES BEST--SUCKING UP TO bernie n joe n rest of msnbc liberal bosses. mika immoral u know what.
Contractors that financed GOP campaigns want and other regional war for profit & Korea is one of the possibilities, lives & billions lost!
The “rugged individualist” myth results in a few billionaires accumulating wealth & power controlling the US's political system & economy.
SANDERS BELONGS ON THIS LEFT WING PUPPET SHOW. least he isnt a puppet FOR MSNBC unlike redfaced puppet joe n FWB CHEATING MIKA--2 IMMORALS
The GOP's (the Reds) elected representatives are the puppets of the corporations that are considered a person/citizen & the 1%.
Congressional healthcare needs to be dissolved &choose a plan that is offered under the Affordable Healthcare: public service& leadership.
hey Bernie, get out! Start your own party. Dems let you in and now you just diminish us w/ your bs! U lost. Move on
That is a terrible idea!  Even if he siphoned off a minuscule percentage of votes, it would wreck our chances in 2020.  Think shit through.
Wow who watches your show?

Why don't you ask him about his 3 houses on a government salarie.Can we all use his beach house? Ask him about his wife fraud investigation.
Marxist.
probably the biggest jack in the country
4 some reason Media still doesn't understand Trumps are bizness people and bizness takes the mtg. Trumps have no ethics whatsoever...
Liars talking with liars
Ask him about the federal investigation of his wife and if he influenced the bank into lending her money
Better get Herbal Life. It helps that and a personal trainer. Contact POTUS.

No questions at al about his wife's land deal and the college?  Are you kidding me???
23 million aren't being thrown off ins. When the penalty is removed they will CHOOSE not to have ins. Stop the fear mongering.
WHY?? he'll say same old thing and that is: The should Government should control everything and ration everything equally. Sick of his BS
Why are you saying Democrats have been "talking about de-regulating wall street"? That is a lie & you should know that!  Shame on you!
You said the wealthy should pay their "fair" share ? Don't you mean the wealthy should pay more than their "Fair share".  Fair is $for$ same
omg! WWC will never vote democrat! Bernie become a Republican. @SenSchumer please remove him from dem leadership
I'm sorry, these ppl Bernie speaks of, esp KY, elect candidates that will never do what Bernie says these ppl want them to do.
You're a good guy Bernie.  Keep it up.
Wow. Instead of giving ANY democratic senators credit 4 anything, SAINT Bernie takes credit 4 being only Senator who spoke outside his state
Get off your cross Bernie. Give others credit. Stop taking every opportunity to denigrate the Democratic Party. It's tearing us apart.
Will you be discussing how the DNC subverted democracy by rigging the primary? #DemExit #DraftBernie
Hey, it's #CrazyBernie. After the show head to that famous Russian restaurant #Oligarchen for a tasty #NothingBurger & make some #YugeNews!
Bernie...how is that wife doing with all her stolen money ..? Joe, how about you and your husband asking him..
Bernie Barker put yall back in chains! Slavery title: TAX PAYER
Explain this Senator to everyone
Problem is Gov't doesn't make revenue they DEMAND Tribute!
Wonder how much change Pop's Pothead put in his pocket after election! Giver or taker you decide
Bank Fraud Bernie! Ask him about the college land deal or his new house in NY he paid cash for, or his daughters $500K wood course deal.
Sol Alinsky Sanders fear mongering Grandpa/potpop's
Holy cow, the Bern coming to the tin-foil Russia show.  Pass out the pills at the door, anybody that watches this will need them.
Healthcare/loss of health insurance is what will affect most Americans in devastating way. Focus on this please!! It's tax cut for wealthy!
You will use your scare tactics to try to get socialized medicine in this country.  Go live somewhere that has socialized medicine
Yes, let him go to Cuba, it's all set there already. 
Did you ask how the FBI investigation of his wife for bank fraud was going?
Ask him about his lying wife
HE CAN RUN BUT AGAIN WILL NOT BE THE NOMINEE,
NOBODY SAID THE WH WAS A NURSING HOME
You think they'll talk about Trump?
If it were a drinking game, I would be trashed before the 1st commercial break.
If HilLIARy's name is even mentioned I would be shocked.
SCREW THIS RUSSIAN AGENT UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION
Going down Joe. Sen.BS, no kidding. 
I'll be switching channels now.Too many important issues.Do NOT give Bernie Sanders a platform to feed his ego. Where are his tax returns??
Hillbot. Put your head back in the sand. You're wasting good air.
CALL FOR SPECIAL PROSECUTOR. Let's get this done. DEM party met with Ukraine 4 dirt on Trump. Joe, ask why his wife is under investigation
@realDonaldTrump Watcha this show. Maybe he'll get a couple good ideas from Bernie.
Best reason ever to switch to @CNN
Bwahhhhhaaaaaa m
Gee if only you'd done this a lot more during the primaries instead of making all that time for @realDonaldTrump SAD
Accept that corruption runs deep within govt (both parties) 
Independents CAN get ahead of it! 
Start 2018 Emergency Pres Electn NOW
@JoeNBC
Drag them left Bernie
It's very strange for DOJ to settle a huge international $ laundering case for just 2.6% of fraud days B4 trial
With these two idiots
 I don't think so
I assume @BernieSanders is there to give tips on making $500,000 a year teaching woodworking.
Ask about his  crooked  wife
Nope.

He's awesome. Except he thinks he knows black people but he only knows those five black people in Vermont.
As much as MJ represents the owned Media and my concern that Joe believes he's qualified to run in 2020 I'll RT to hear u regardless.
I wouldn't watch Morning Joe without Bernie there is no chance watching with Bernie
Ask him about the investigation on his wife since Chuck Todd forgot to ask lmao
JOINING DA BANGING OF @morningmika DA GOULACH WIT WIFEY JOANIE
Corrupt wife and college,bank fraud and nothing will be said right? Because Democrats are never dirty?
y'all are like parrots.
Thanks for the warning

@morningmika @Morning_Joe @JoeNBC please ask @SenSanders about fake russian robots facebook pgs that supported him & bashed @HillaryClinton!
After you were attacked by @realDonaldTrump the really @Morning_Joe that I have always liked came back. Thanks, I enjoy a lot!
Very appropriate guest for a ultra liberal show
Are you going to obsess over the Jane Sanders FBI investigation?
.....Those Damn Emails Prove #DNC Russian Hoax to Destroy Bernie Trump American Elections!
#WhiteRabbit
#DOJ #Mueller 
#indictHillary
#Leaks
Studio will smell like urine and death for weeks....
One thing you can say about Moron Joe he likes hanging out with bigger Moron's
yep, your true colors, shining through. Joe isn't no republican, at all.
Socialist hour meets liberal wacko's. Sorry can't watch any longer.
I think you should join the BERNIE MOVEMENT and you and MIKA go after the PRESIDENCY...YOU ARE NOW A MAVERICK...LOST..MSNBC can launch YOU.
A failure everywhere it's been tried. The poor suffer most under Socialist systems. #CrazyBernie #BasementDewlers
Crazy old fool ask him how his wife's college is doing.
bots be bottin today!
Feel the Bern!
got up at 3 a.m. to watch Morning Joe. Don't need to watch Bernie Sanders. We'll switch to New Day
WHY???
R  U going to be transparent on shady bank deals?
I bet Joe doesnt ask Bernie about his wife being investigated by FBI over multi million $ land deal
Really....this guy's as curropt as @HillaryClinton. C'mon @JoeNBC .....click...new channel!
No need to tune in to see him. Have Russell brand back on.
It's not fair Bernie has more then others?
Look like Joe chose His political affiliation affiliation
Can Americans afford not to pay attention to the Russia scandal...this POTUS, his family & cronies r tearing our country apart.
Oh, god. No
Whatever you do, don't let reporting on 20+ million Africans at risk of famine steal spotlight from Russia story.
Time to start looking at younger Dems. This guy is too old.
Ill bet Commy Bernie agrees w/King:)
@joenbc @morningmika  @WillieGeist  please remind @SenSanders that he is not a Democrat & does not speak for the @TheDemocrats
Hes a commy and so are they
Ask him how the FBI investigation is going. Which one of his three houses will he be calling from?
#BankFraudBernie still in denial 
Ask him how long he'd wait to have #CharlieGard killed under his totalitarian socialized medicine plan. One week? Ten days?
Enough of this clown already!
That's Millionaire Bernie Sanders..
Good ole Bernie , that's my man , wonderful gentleman !
Hey Joe-Blow! Ask Sanders about his wife's fraud investigation! I dare you! #MAGA
deflect much...watch POTUS & his family go down. tic toc tic toc
Again, no Republicans. Bias
Like why?
https://www.facebook.com/joseph.esteves.3/posts/1419943994757404 …
