Bernie worry about you and your wife's FBi investigation for bank fraud started under the Obama Administration. 
Source?
Its a smear campaign a republican opponent started.
Yet the mainstream media fake news reports it . And it's a republicans fault,yett the obama admistration authorized the investigation. 

Hi robot.   How are you today?  Nice to see that you defend your master mindlessly like a true cyborg.  #newsisfakewhenidontagreewithit
I am sure you would do the same thing for Hillary.
Try again, I voted Libertarian.Hillary and the Donald can both go to jail and rot for all that I care.  I knew better than to believe either
Why weren't you standing with Dems this morning?
The real question is... why haven't the dems stood with us? We want single payer healthcare. Not this Russia shit show.
I'm not being pulled that far left....
It's not far left. It's what's best for the working class and small business owners. Single payer will stimulate enormous job growth
Not even close, if you want the results of the Sanders  kool aid, take a vacation to Venezuela. Nothing is free, somebody must pay for it.
When the 1% (aka corporations) own the majority of the wealth that is not an even playing field and is NOT Adam Smith's brand of capitalism
Were you closer to center left (Hillary) or far left (Bernie)?
Are you asking me?
You talk about income inequality yet you have three houses ,since you were cheated by the DNC. Did you fight back ? No Amazing
By the way, Trump lives in a gold plated penthouse and grabs women because he's a celebrity.
How about you pay attention to what Trump does vs what he says . We have no proof of this. But we have plenty of proof Bill Clinton did.
Um ... Does his not saying it constitute proof?  Pretty sure it does. It's on tape.
Nope possession is 9 10th's of the law. Their is no evidence until some is found.  Nice Try
the man is doing so much damage and now the threat of nuclear attack is real. May not happen but never the less the threat is there.
Have you and Schumer been canoodling & smoking weed again? Please Kindly pull your cranium free from your rectum, m'kay, Bernie?
I'm more worried about the old dude that wants socialism, pays only 13% tax, owns 3 homes, a luxury car, and the people blindly follow him.
Are you that gullible?
Do not worry about us, help repeal Obamacare Thx
Bernie the type of guy to lose the primary and still act like the president
Hillary, wins the primary and then disappears to leave the assholes who voted for her to fend for themselves
For real. True leader never gives up. Thats why hillary went M.I.A. and bernie never stopped
Bros keep telling her to go away, then criticize her for not doing enough. And Bernie cares about nobody but himself. #realtalk
Yeah because theres nobody telling Bernie to go away......
Even if that were true and he did disappear, I wouldn't complain about it and somehow implicate his absence in current problems.
A true leader wouldnt be absent in a time a crisis. Unlike hillary
Read my previous tweet. You can't have it both ways.
You helped elect him. Hope your happy. Please go away now.
Give it up, Bernie. We will never be a socialist country. Never. My only advice to you? Do NOT drop the soap. 
Whu would bernie even goto jail? And you kind of are a socialist.

Love you Bernie!!
It is possible to do both.
Socialism is not good for citizens of any country, Cuba & Venesuala. Capitalism lifts people out of poverty & promotes upward class mobility
America's poorest still have a higher quality of life than most of the world.
We will worry about both.  Thank you!
#SharkWeek
Thank God for you Bernie ! Keep up the good fight - we need you !!!
Dems - what were you thinking of? Screwing this decent man over? 
Just remember he bent over and took it
tbf, what was he supposed to do?
Call them out! Instead he stands up at the DNC supports her w a smile on his face.
That's why he's a better person that most 
Actually, it has been that time for a long while. Sorry you're just seeing that now.
Uh...

He has been talking policy the whole goddamned time.  Sorry you are just sound biting now.
His tweet was about speaking up against Trump & Republicans. Sorry  you are just catching up now.
You must be on Mars.  Bernie and progressives have been speaking up since he Don tinyhands was elected.  *Eyeroll*
I was specifically responding to the rhetoric he used in his tweet. Move on and don't be stupid. #PearlsBeforeSwine
Yeah... Right.  Awesome ad hominem bro!
You don't know what that means. I know because it wasn't present in my response. Bro.
You are correct from a socialist point of view
How about from a human point of view?
This
I'll worry about both.
I love Bernie, and the two things are related.
Likewise and agree.
The only time you'll see me retweet Bernie Sanders.
#democRATS just keep on losing
Student: The left turned me into a Trump supporter. http://bit.ly/2trWHW3  
Bernie we ha e to worry about this jack asses tweets.He will run his mouth and get us in a war
If in CA, call State Senator, Assembly, & @JerryBrownGov 2 take action/do work on #SB562 #HealthyCA #Medicare4CA bill!

#RecallRendon
Yeah please run in 2020 so you can help out on Trumps 2nd term.
Dangerous Republican legislation?  But your socialism push is not dangerous in your eyes?  Socialism has not worked in any country yet.
So you want government to regulate distribution and production?
It's not easy cleaning up after you.
You can thank Trump & the GOP for this! They have been sabotaging the ACA from the beginning. Plan these people lost was likely substandard.
Dude, its time you learn to walk and chew gum.
Seriously, Trump is a threat to EVERYTHING, AND we've been fighting their bad bills all along
While Bernie Quioxte is running around tilting at windmills so he can be heir apparent to Trump's #MAGA army after we get rid of Trump.
that's exactly what he's doing...he cares nothing about the Democratic agenda
Prob because he's an Independent. He ran as a dem. bc third parties don't get fair access in elections.
he should have run as an Independent...he used the Dems
I don't get all the anger. He's been in politics since the 70's and a civil rights warrior for longer. Dems need 3rd party votes.
Bernie was never a civil rights warrior but he has some pretty unique views on rape and child marriage.
Just googled it. Wow. I'm not a supporter and have no party affiliation. I do hate to see the smarter party infighting,though.
Have been frighten aince he taken office. It horrifying it not getting any better #remove trump and cabinet
I wish there's a impeachment soon. Greetings from Spain!
If we impeach Trump, we get Mike Pence. What then?
Ok, because the big Obamacare LIE (that was passed because of American, "stupidity," according to Gruber..one of the crafters!) is wonderful
Trump tweets r a distraction from what his party is really doing... Creating more evil in the world. Watch them closer, pls.
Make your proposal for Medicare4All to the public for our input! That's more than the GOP has done w/no input from any of us. DO IT BERNIE.
Every one of us with loving women and girls  in our lives , make a donation to Planned Parenthood  to  show unity against hate.
The ACA makes Planned Parenthood unnecessary.
.Better if you cared enough about that when it mattered, before you worked hard to discredit the only person who had a hope of beating him
Bernie was the only candidate that could've beat Trump. Everyone knew it except, apparently, HRC supporters. 
Easy to say but since he couldn't even win the support of like minded people, unlikely. NTM repubs OPPO wld b brutal



Weak message my ass. Look at her web page, look at the word frequency of her speeches. White men couldn't stand to vote 4 a woman.
@maddow @jaketapper Agree with Rachel - Trump is a master at diversion, deception, deceit, debasement, debauchery & dotardism. #WorldResist
Don't tell me what to worry about, and in what order.
why is Trump allowed to continue in light of conclusive evidence of collusion? has he bribed so many?
Dept of Justice is no match for scorned #metoo   
DC's depraved & debauched, regardless of criminal association, I mean political party, are going out in McCarthyistic-style.
Obama almost destroyed US (scary deals) where were You. Hillary should be jailed Where are you? .I hate when I have to advocate for trump.
Bernie has been fighting the corporatists for many years
tell me a victory. please i am not anti Bernie but since his meeting w/Obama he put the brakes on Hillary........ now that's a big target
Hes not gonna go after hillary since it will divide the party and hurt everyone. Its hard for him to be victorious when hes basically
that why the party collapsed......... blind eye justice  keep in mind my Heart is 100% democratic but my head knows the party is tainted
It is tainted and bernie is only 1 man. He cant do it by himself and hes been busy since 2015 running for president so he can do more
& Obama visted him and her gave upI can't even explaine how thankful I am the Hillary is not the country's Prez.
Ya she would of been bad too but donald trump  doesnt know how to lead and knows nothing about legislation. Hes clueless
Says the man who helped to put him in office.
This thinking is why she lost.

Why should someone concede before they are officially beaten?
Because it's her turn!
Aren't they both ridiculous and hurtful to our country?
Death will come before 2020,  sorry Commies. Trumps will be in the WH the rest of our lives #Ivanka2024 #Eric2032 #Donjr2040
Sure Bern. Look where a government controlled healthcare system got poor Charlie Gard's parents in the U.K.! Government over-reach!Not here!
Yes Bernie! lets just give the whole fricking country away, speaking of away, why don't you go away!
Maybe if people stopped over-reacting to his tweets, he'd stopped tweeting?
Unlikely.
Yea, he'd probably just tweet even more outrageous stuff just to get the attention back.
Keep dragging them left Bernie.
Yep. Do it Bernie. My centrist dem friends are joining us on the right. Dem friends that make six figures and realize the future disaster
Why don't you worry about the FBI investigation against you and Jane? #LockHerUp
I'd be more worried about Trump's investigation (where there's actual evidence) rather than a fake one started from hearsay.
Yeah, the hearsay of her former co-workers who all lost their jobs thanks to her. Nope nope nope.
The prrson who leveled the accusations admits it is heresay.  Hillary partisans are basically republicans
These same people were upset that the GOP & Russia spread fake BS about Hillary, yet here they are doing the exact same thing to Bernie. 
You've been making your media rounds, and I've heard nothing but you bashing the Democratic party. Why weren't you with with the Dems today?
Umm... maybe because he was with the NAACP?
Bernie Sanders addresses the NAACP convention 
Umm! He could've attended both events.

And? I don't have time. Bernie's namby pamby speech is the same regurgitated talking points. Just a different day, and different audience.
His speech was from yesterday (u asked where he was). As u can see he was very busy: he was with NAACP & then this speech fighting for u
But at least you admit he's consistent. He doesn't flip flop like other politicians when it's politically convenient.
I also said he couldve attended both events. Consistency doesn't always =progress. Consistently eating without a bm results in constipation.
Go draft a bill Bernie
Like literally do anything. ANYTHING.
Pay attention, then.
Ain't none of us friends. Go @ Bernie on your own time
Wrong user; you replied to me by mistake.
Comrade Bernie shd worry about not stealing neighbor's Wash. Post. Dre, what happens when ppl do that in the Bronx?!
They get the shit beat out of them
LMAO trying to picture what would happen to @SenSanders if he tried that just a few blocks from where the #Yankees play. Neighbor: "WTF?!" ?
Only it would be in Spanish like “Marícon que pasa carbrón” 
Google Translate is busting my balls. What does  “Marícon que pasa carbrón” mean? @jrsygrrl, you're family is from the DR. Help!
And I imagine not meant in a friendly way.
Nope....you know its gritty here in the Bx.
You should concentrate on your wife's legal problems she's a fraud you're a fraud and you are both Liars
I think it's time for you to go and have your lunch Mr Sanders, and remember, don't over excite yourself.
You and warren tweet more than The Don... how's it feel to be behind the curve?
like the healthcare bill? The NoT conservative bill?
POTUS just threatened GOP.  Better get this guy impeached,  GOP cannot deliver cheaper, better HC 4 all.
Just shut up
It is your dumb tweets & Socialist agenda of gov't dependency that worries thinking Americans.
You'll find that most of us started that a LONG time ago! The real question is where the fuck have you and yours been?!
Substitute "lunatic" for "absurd," and I'm with ya!

And my question what we can do about it? Democrats lost more sits
By "dangerous" you mean Pro-America/American policies. Where as you and the DNC choose illegals over citizens & bums over productive ppl.
Amen Bernie. Please keep on keeping on
And time to see what the rest of you actually propose instead.  #dosomethinginsteadofbitch
What's more dangerous than Socialism?
Perspective!
I am concerned about his mental health.
oh ok
Bernie, time to get off the Russia excuse. Get the   tax cut moving.
And actually, it's time to stop worrying all the time! It's tearing peoples hearts out! We deserve better. Mark Cuban for president! 
Way way way ahead of you, Bernie
"Dangerous legislation"
You are still free to voluntarily pay  someone's medical bills. Show U care with your wallet not mine 
,Why would anyone push a worry-based agenda?!

Please.

Trust in God already!

Peace be with you.
We wouldn't be in this position of it weren't for you Magoo! Thanks for Trump Magoo!
why can't Americans write a list of demands why do they get to have the last say
You are right!  We are counting on you and others!
You are right
wasn’t it always that time?
and the absurd russian "hack".
Stop stealing your neighbors copy of the @washingtonpost and then get back to us ya dirty socialist.
Yes!!  The only reason CongressGOP allows this man with serious challenges still rule is because they are able to pass their sinister agenda
I've been saying it for months Bernie - he's a puppet of distraction while the real damage to our environment and social svcs are decimated.
Well Mr Banders, it's  been time for a while. Has that just occurred to you.
What say you about ur lil friends sponsoring a bill to criminalize free speech dissent against crimes of Apartheid Israel?!?
The media should refuse to cover his tweets and only quote him in interviews and televised press conferences!
Yes Bernie. I'm worried we are witnessing the fall of our democracy. I never believed this could happen here. WE are scared.
Are you just now realizing this? Many of us have been worried about his agenda since Jun 15 2015.
First, tell me why I shouldn't support #BDS of #Israel #AIPAC #Genocide I love Jews & #FreeSpeech equally. Get $ out of politics! Remember?!
Ignorant people #AIPAC is pro Israel. Please oppose it while I laugh at your ignorance.

We can worry about both, sir
And attack corrupt Dems who are killing #SinglePayer in CA despite a supermajority #SB562. Don't pretend for a minute Dems are 4 the people
Lobbyists  + $$ + Pols = laws like this in CA. CA lawyers legalized malpractice; cheat&betray clients with impunity.
Give us a little credit, Bernie. We CAN walk and chew gum at the same time.
@AnitaNelson isn't it all the same?
Not only the legislation is dangerous, so are the absurd and inappropriate nominations for cabinet positions.
or how i stopped worrying and learned to love the tweets
They are one in the same he tweets all about his stupid ideas Well if one could even call them ideas, they are more like a drunk boob rants
Better than pushing socialism like Czar Sanders
Way PAST TIME
Maybe if you and your all of the democrats actually tried to work with them we could come up with a reasonable solution
Thank you Bernie! Dems need to educate public of all Trump's efforts to tear down our great democracy. Education is key. Knowledge is power!
Agree. Hopefully corporate  media gets on board as well. Not going hold breath on that.
AND/OR DUH! Einstein.
It's time to stop pushing socialism. It's a system that has killed over 100 million people in the last century. #Dem-socialismissocialism
It's time for you to get hard, Bernie, & choose. Wise mentor in background, or openly harsh #Resistance warrior, risking your #POTUS dreams.
#BERNIE2020
No, we need to worry about both. POTUS mental state is also dangerous. But so is your attempt to "Tea Party" Dems, weakening the #Resistance
If anyone can make that happen, it's you! 
https://www.usa.gov/elected-officials …  This link includes a list of Government Elected Officials.
#endTRUMPTYRANNY #UnfitForOffice #25thAmendmentNow tRUMP is the #1 Threat and Enemy of The American People Defend Your RightsUSA
Democrats need to unite and Impeach this man.
Oh the bs You DEMS are blocking from the American people let @POTUS MAGA AND GET OUT OF THE WAY
I only look at his tweets for comic value.   He is a sick twisted freak who needs to go away.
Gee, thanks, Senator. Any more pearls you want to throw out Here?
Nah! Let's hit bottom... too many things to worry bout on a daily basis with this clown. Not worth another minute of stress in this country
How about you get some balls & address the #DNCFraudLawsuit. The Becks are receiving death threats from DWS. More dangerous than legislation
STICK WITH THE ISSUES FOCUS
NOT THE TEMPEST IN A CAN DT SHOW
You should have thought about that when you were knifing Hillary in the back.
Surrender to the flow (and don't forget to be a good person).  See you at the Phish?
Worry abt ur wife first!
A very dangerous man.not only to world peace but the welfare of the same people that voted him in.his body language not unlike mussolini
Bernie shut up
He is destroying the so called legacy of the black stain everyday while you idiots cry Russia Russia RussiaPlease keep it up
It's time to give up Bernie. He won my brother, acceptance is the first step to recovery 
Democrats might be the problem but Republicans are on the answer!
@HealHealthcare True but I'm honestly more worried about getting shot in the street by capitalist enforcers.
Not half as dangerous as your socialist garbage.
I'm more worried that there's a madman in office who has access to classified information and his finger on a big red button.
Hey dummy #electionshaveconsequences , try winning one
Coming from someone who was kicked out of a hippy commune for being too lazy, your words are just that, words.
exactly, exactly!
How can we stop this evil nightmare?
It's also time to start worrying about having a good Dem candidate for 2020 & stop worrying about Russia & Putin.
Impeach!
It's called fraud --> That's what you should be worrying about! ... Mr & Mrs Honest nothing to see here..so funny!
Donut worry, be happy.
Take CARE of your own problems at home (legal that is) and stop worrying about the PRESIDENT'S tweets!
keep the focus OFF Russia, Bernie ..... what is up with that?
Why not both? His "absurd tweets" are written statements from the President of the United States.
I'm more worried about the old dude that wants socialism, pays only 13% tax, owns 3 homes, a luxury car, and the people blindly follow him.
TRUMP WON BY STEALING YOUR TALKING POINTS AND BLASTING IT THROUGH A MEGAPHONE.. AND IS STILL DOING IT THAT IS HIS SECRET TECHNIQUE STEALING.

I've long believed his tweets are just distractions for GOP's behind the curtain antics
Hey, Bernie, YAWN !   The dangerous ones, are the far Left idiots !  Socialist medicine ?  Where the Govt decides what's good for you? NO
Tell us about all the dangerous legislation they have passed? Only ideas voters want, politicians too crooked to pass what voters demand.
Unfortunately we like to be entertained. We foolishly follow him. We are sheep; stupid & easily distracted.
Ah, you are catching on
Quit deflecting from Russia.  I'm beginning to think they got to you too.

Maybe consider retirement?  We don't need a left version of 45.
Sometimes focusing on issues at home that we can physically grasp are more pressing than issues yet to fully form.
He is making America great again .
Oh if we only picked sanders to lead the democrats then we wouldn't be in this mess
Troof de la troofs.
What dangerous legislation is Dr. Trump pushing?
Go away Bernie. You knew what the DNC did and you did nothing! You are a traitor to all who supported you! Your voice is meaningless now!
I see you're tweeting.  I'm with you AC.  Let's start talking healthcare.
Like this bill to gut consumer protections.
Read up on the #consumer protection that #Republicans in #Congress want to repeal. #RipoffClause #CRA #RulesAtRisk http://rulesatrisk.org/arbitration-rule/ …
Bye bye Bernie
We need a third party. If we start now, democrats might flip. But trusting Dems party is equal 2 trusting a snake that talks.
Bernie, do the Country a Favor.
Tell them that Election is Over. Tell them that Hillary vs. Bernie is over. We have to UNITE for 2018!!
What about the violence you promote to force your agenda thru fear. I more concerned for the safety of the people while spew your hate!
Right on, Bernie. Give DT's tweets no air time.
I actually think we can worry about both Senator. Mean that with the highest possible respect.

What legislation are you pushing???
Your socialist agenda that will have America in a shambles is what is dangerous!
Bernie stop spreading lies
It's time to put you in office.  The majority wanted you to begin with.
I'm afraid this is what Republicans want- to take our eyes off of them long enough for them to slide unjust bills by us. Be watchdogs!
Twitter should consider banning #Trump altogether 4 the good of the country. He can contradict himself elsewhere! @LeeCamp @jimmy_dore
Amen
When he can muster 51 votes I'll be worried. Right now he is 1000+ angry tweets v 0 bills past in 6 months with both chambers GOP run
