2 fatally stabbed on Portland train after trying to stop man's anti-Muslim rants, police say https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2017/05/27/man-fatally-stabs-2-on-portland-ore-train-after-they-interrupted-his-anti-muslim-rants-police-say/?utm_term=.87789111871a …
How could you possibly make such a logical leap?
Hillary made this happen because she had every advantage and still lost.
She had high unfavorability which depressed the vote all her fault.
Gerymadering affected Pennsylvania and Wisconsin and Ohio?
I'll send $27 if you go away!!
Send it to Hillary's dark money pac she needs it for resisting.
He's worked hard his whole life deserves it better than Clinton million dollar homes.
Sanders never had a full time job until he was 40. How is that "working hard his whole life?,
Was a teacher carpenter writer worked for bread and law task force and Vermont department of taxes.
He was one of your followers! you should read his Facebook and talk with his friends!
https://heatst.com/culture-wars/why-is-the-media-branding-this-portland-hate-crime-murder-suspect-a-trump-supporter-hes-not/ …
hate??? the hate comes from you "white supremacy" the only excuse you have for everything!
you are a wait of time
The perpetrator was a Bernie Sanders supporter. Ouch!
About as true as believing that trump cares about u.
Ahhhh precious. I am self reliant and don't need anyone in the government to care about me.
That's what makes u so ignorant police officers, firefighters, military all risk their lives for u because they care about u.
And by the way using u for you makes you ignorant and lazy
Bernie, you will be 78 in 2020. Please stay quiet and take your Geritol! @GOP
Wasn't he one of your people?

I appreciate your words.

Are you ready to work to eradicate the atmosphere that spawned the attack?
To my understanding, he already does. Do you feel he misses the mark?
I do. Think in his desire 2 avoid ID politics, he misses opportunities to work agst racism. In economic justice, bypasses intersectionalism.
He has spoken out against islamophbia and white supremacy, but I get what you're saying. Fair enough.
I think 45 and Evil have been best friends for many many years now
Em you shouldn't judge someone by there followers, Bernie does not controller this guys mind.
We need to start calling them what they are...  
White Christian Terrorists.
Of course you meant condolences to the victims of Islamic extremist hate crimes. Only a psychopath would side with them.
Really? You Liberals actually care about our troops? I don't believe a word of it. We see right thru your crap.
Amazing those same condolences are never offered for the brave soldiers that serve & die protecting your right to spew socialistic agenda
They fought against leaders with socialistic views.
They fought against leaders with nazi fascist views.
What was the party name?
What was his party name. What was his party platform. His action s came to achieve his platform. Look up his platform.
Quit ignoring the question. Fascism happens at either extreme.
Also condolences for 
#SethRich #ShawnLucas #BerantonWhisenantJr They too are heros and deserve justice
Your Zionist Headquarters has really gone off in the deep-end huh?
#RememberTheLiberty ?
I'll be collecting my medals very soon as well.

You should see how many I have now on my uniform.

Elevens Up Buddy....
My Deepest Condolences
The Portland killer is one of your supporters.  Will you disavow him right now?   Will your campaign reject his support?
Obummer caused racial division in this country.  Did nothing in 8 yrs. Dems a party that is corrupt and for the rich. HRC is an example.
When will hatred stop taking lives?
Criminal was Your Supporter!
Your condolences don't mean shit unless you do something to stop it but you and other dems are trying to cause this to happen more.
What took you so long to say something? #portlandstabbing #Portlandheroes
Still, wars should be avoided if possible, and most of the time they are avoidable in a sustainable environment, not one of greed and hate.
Bless them all
I am so sad at the results of these men's bravery and humankindness. They will be remembered for this.
And if this was a Trump supporter , what would be your response?

I agree fully that these are the heroes and good samaritans of our lives. So sad though!


Guess who the attacker voted for?
Thank you for saying what @realDonaldTrump won't. Our @POTUS is not a leader.
"supposed to be about"?  Bernie's a real patriot.
I'm so sorry that people doing the right thing paid the ultimate sacrifice

Supposed to be about? Shame on you for demeaning their sacrifice.
Racists stabbing people on public transportation. That's the real terrorists.
Bernie Sanders is a globalist communist who wants nothing than to destroy our country to set up one world government without the US in power
We are in an enormous battle with Evil. May the Love that motivated their sacrifice prevail.
It's incredibly important to mention that they were standing up for Muslims who were being abused by a white supremacist terrorist. (1/2)
(2/2) All while our President tries to ban Muslims and visits a country that funds terrorism.
The crazy was a Bernie supporter.... Telling people there will be blood shed to surpress free speech ..... Again ?? Dems are pathetic
Fear is the friend of tyranny. Fight with all your might its purveyors.
If we had you for President, there'd be fewer of us dying "in action."
Not just America, lessons of daily vigilance against bullying, abuse, corruption, degradation of humanity, self sacrifice will be remembered
You mean the men and women who died to prevent us from being socialist?
And this, is what a president does.  If you want your people to love you... just say in'.
And women
The killer was a supporter of yours. Another brilliant socialist mind at work
Чувак, твоё время ушло, только вляпался в Историю США как и Клинтонша. Трамп вошёл в Историю на всех парусах, как Клиппер.
it wasn't anti Islam...it was anti every religion, but the reporting is inaccurate..
Like you even care! This is just a political rant!
Oh shit "supposed to be". Bernie, I was worried you were still too naive, now I see there's some other plan.
You brain washed the fella to kill now you want to send condolences 
Bernie, you need to publish a policy manifesto to take forward. Chucking stones from the side is not going to be enough.
Oh for FFS, mentally ill person stabs some people. That's the story. It's horrible but isn't the new Isis and has zero larger meaning.
True Heros!
My President Sanders is much better than 45 ;)
how many times did you get a draft deferment mr america hater??
wait.... someone tried to stop free speech? that'll get you stabbed quick in USA.
Nobody talks about the white terrorists. But you're more likely to be killed by one of them.
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge. #ignorance  is a real message for disaster
Go stop the Racist ISIS, protect the Christians.
It is irrational to blame @SenSanders for something he had no control over.
We honor these two heroes who stood up for Right on the Home front and now they are with the Angels!
I'm so sorry to hear this. I want Us to be free and we cannot be free with this level of bigotry and vitriol.
You dumbass, stupid mellinialls that listen to this freaking dipshit really are dumb as hell...  think about it.....
At least they're not trolling and they can spell.
Lier.
hahahha the guy was a Bernie supporter! read the news hahahaha asshats!
This is an example of why hateful xenophobic tirades by our President are so dangerous. It gives people license to openly attack others
the guy was a Bernie supporter, check your news again 
Say radical Islam when the Islam attacks and I'll start believing you give a shit about terrorism in any circumstance
My condolences to the friends and families of these brave people who tried to peacefully diffuse a violent situation.
I was disappointed that there was no "-B" on the tweet about these men. - From an Oregonian.
 PROUD TO BE AMERICAN #HEROES. TRUE HEROES STAND UP FOR THE WEAK.  NOT MAKE THEM WEAK Give us your weak your poor your huddled masses.
Guy who did the stabbin' was a Bernie Bro.. The fucking irony.
Tje assailant was one of your supporters. You sellout
I wish you were president.
#SethRich is a hero too!
thank everything good for bernie sanders
Key words "supposed to"...
Can you come to UK in solidarity with @jeremycorbyn?
Why is there a question about charging the killer with a hate crime?
On this day of remembering heroes, these two men embody the American spirit
So sad that hate rhetoric has been given new life with the current views of the SCROTUS!  Poor families are going to need  much support!
Why are you waiting until Monday to make this statement?
@amybwang @washingtonpost supposed to be about? It IS what we're about. You live in a fantasy world.
May angels lead them in...#heroes #stophate
I get te sentiments but American is not about standing up for Muslim religion. If anything it is about standing up for Christianity. No?
And all the people dead in terrorists attacks would have been saved if cowardly men like you stood up and opposed Islamism/mass migration.
But you adore all of America's enemies. You are a socialist. You worship Marx & Lenin. So, your condolence tweet is a typical leftist lie.
My Condolences to the families. Why are YOU SO POLITICAL??? When Muslim Islamic Terrorist ATTACK INNOCENT   AMERICANS YOU SAY NOTHING
This is a tragedy, but why is everything you say politically motivated?
I'm sorry they died but had it been me, i would have let him just keep ranting.
Freedom of speech even when we don't like what is said.
bernie, step up and condemn white supremacists for this terrorism, ACT against any more Americans losing their lives to these terrorists
no statement condemning the white supremacist who committed this acts of terrorism. no condemming the ONGOING racist attacks by these people
BRRARD.. YOU ARE DISPICABLE. YOU ARE NOT A PATRIOT YET YOU HIDE BEHIND THIS CLOAK.  AMERICA IS JUST FINE... YOU SICIALISTS ARE MELTING.
very TRUE!! thank u bernie! :)
And @realDonaldTrump once again curiously silent in his racist, nationalistic manner.
Well said Bernie. Very Presidential.
Finally a good bernie tweet
https://heatst.com/culture-wars/why-is-the-media-branding-this-portland-hate-crime-murder-suspect-a-trump-supporter-hes-not/ …

Men were not the only ones who stood. There were brave women also, who stood and gave their lives too!!
Yes they did stand for what America is about. Not for your socialist agenda. God Bless Them!!!!!!!!
Um, brave men AND women.
Agree, and let's also salute the young man with autism who stood up and survived, despite being wounded.
True heros
I don't understand people who want to blame this on @SenSanders.  He has only tried to keep the peace.
When's the last time you tweeted your condolences to the families of fallen cops? Cherry picking tragedies for your political narrative huh.
Jesus Christ, what other profession requires 24/7 ball sucking like cops do?
Women stood up for America, too.
Perhaps we need to build a permanent memorial for these cherished heroes.
Indeed. Courageous examples of real humanity and also the amazing paradox that is USA.
Thank you Mr Sanders! Why hasn't our POTUS said something? I'm ashamed to be an American right now. We are a laughing stock worldwide!
Being condemned in Mississippi as 'argumentative'. 

Staggers anymore.
Yes, America is not about Socialism, Communism, Islam, Fascism. We are about freedom religion, a free market, capitalist economic system
They weren't laying down their lives for socialism and hypocritical politicians like you, that's for god damn sure!
Another #WhiteSupremacist #terrorist attack. Man arrested for machete stabbing #black man, following standoff
Neo-Nazis Announce Nationwide Anti-Muslim March Just Days After Horrific Hate Crime
Hero. Another over used word to describe stupidity.
Thanks @SenSanders @BernieSanders for recognizing bravery & that they stood up against bigotry. You said what our President forgot to say.
THESE COMMERCIALS SHOULD HAVE BEEN PAID FOR&PUT ON EVERY NETWORK ACROSS COUNTRY TODAYDUMB MOVE!BUT NOT TO LATE!USE YOUR BRAINS DEMS
Bernie the pied piper of pot heads is a fraud.
BERNIE,TODAY OF ALL MOST IMPORTANT DAYS!DO DEMOCRATES NOT SHOW(PAST) COMMERCIALS OF TRUMPS DISREGARDING A PURPLE HEART/HANDICAPPED/WOMEN
So true, confronting racists, tragic
Mine too. But you won't acknowledge a massive terrorist attack that happened days ago in London? 
RIP Bernie Sanders. You died on the campaign trail. A doppelganger working for Hillary has taken your place. We will never forget. /salute
You are a good man, sir.
Wrong!!! They SACRIFICED THEIR LIVES for what America IS ABOUT. Bernie it's time for you to go away. # Resist
And the 8 in Mississippi?
My condolences go to your supporters that now know what a true 'cuck' you are.
Prime example of the crazies who support you
Bernie - maybe you should protect the constitution with the same brace vigor - oh wait you prefer one world government with open borders
Lmao no he doesn't. Hes anti trade deals. There's a reason globalists sabotaged his campaign.
Not agnst trade deals, just ones that r bad for workers & environment, which's been all of them so far since they're written by corporations
Instead of talking only about the heroes (even if they are), we need to start talking on how to end war.
The racist was one of your supporters!
@Marina_Sirtis This would be the rant of a Bernie Sanders supporter.
Thank you to the men and their families for standing up for values of what the democratic and free world is about.
Indeed,  my condolences to the families of these true heroes
Men AND Women, Senator.
The murderer was an ardent Bernie Sanders supporter. Disgusting how he learned to hate at your rallies.
Brave WOMEN too!
But will you condemn the Bernie Support that did the deed?  Condemn the violence fueled by your rhetoric.
Bernie 
stole 200m from his Berners
now has real power in @DNC
3rd house-VT

was one biggest winners of 2016
by 
losing

I admire him BIGLY
Even though a bunch of self centered power mongering politicians have sent them to unnecessary wars.
Yes they r ... thank u  ....
Just another crazy Bernie supporter.
Agree. I especially loved your tweet on the veterans of this country this Memorial Day....nice job Senator.
Since when is it okay to have violent Nazis on the street?
Seems not to be as alt right as the fake media states, voted for jill, likes bernie, thrown out of Trump's meeting.
Today's about Memorial Day
Many racially motivated attacks go unreported.  We only hear about the extreme acts.  Trump's America is not good for minorities.
Says the Socialist who's ideals they fought to defend against. You people are something.
He was a Bernie supporter
@realDonaldTrump U haven't said a word about this, this is why you're not my president. Btw why haven't U nixed nafta & citizens united yet
May the Spirit of God give comfort to the families
Do you disavow???
