Sensible gun control is not disarmament.

Roger please tell me the use of a citizen owning an assault weapon?
But tell me the use of an assault weapon?
"We the People" demand #policychangenow
I didnt know we would be here when I made this.
Writing words on a piece of paper and calling it law is not a solution. Murder is illegal & he didn't obey that or any other laws.
what can be done is to make mass murder more difficult through the law.
Not much if you want to live in a free society. 

Even with this incident, the US is homicide what they had in the late 50's or early 60's.
(2) I spoke of mass murder, I said nothing about homicide rates. discuss/argue/whatever  with what I actually say, please.
1--With Twitter you have to read btwn the lines bc of char. limits. These events r extremely rare. There r limits to what anyone can do.
So, you are shot at by homicidal maniacs regularly. Sell your thrilling story to Hollywood now.
Imagine if he had a silencer.
No such thing as a "silencer".
Silencers really don't work that way. 

This isn't the movies... it doesn't turn gun shots into whispers like in films.
Of course 
But 1 of the comments said it would reduce muzzle flash - n make it inaudible than the music being played to an extent - and
It would have been harder to trace from where he was shooting - looks like he kept shooting till the smoke alarm went off  it gave away
At that rate of fire a suppressor would be ineffective.
I see 
And regarding muzzle flashes ?
And you don’t need a bump stock to simulate fully auto, just need something to use physics to pull the trigger for you on the gun rebound.
What's so sad; is our Congress and Senate does not want to call it by it's real name, HOME GROWN TERRORISM.  Do we put ourselves on watch?.
Less gun control produces less violence.
So all the crooks got guns if you get attacked what do you fight with harsh words. Come to the real world .
àà I l
Violence is the key here not the tool that the criminal uses! What would you say if he used a large truck and crushed them ?
It would be twisted that all white men republicans drive big trucks therefore, they should be banned.
Thank God for a NRA member who took down the shooter in Texas. You can't make a law on morals , not working in Chicago with strict gun laws.
Come to the real world . You can't save your family with harsh word
There was no way of preventing this man from getting weapons. Look @ his background numb nuts. Stop using this event for ur political agenda
Maybe there should be a national data base for weapons and ammo to track excessive purchases.
I live in england we dont need guns to be free.
Your criminals have them
I don't own a gun, but understand hanging on to our rights.  As liberals, we understand that, yet people have rights; manufacturers don't.
Well tell what law if passed would have stopped this crazed individual, Bernie
Senator Socialist it is your agenda that promotes weapon ownership
We should outlaw all violence! The government needs to get on top of that.
Let @DanielDefense know how you feel...
When will you people realize that gun laws don't apply to criminals.
So you're saying nothing can be done to prevent people from becoming criminals?
Actually that's not what I'm saying at all. My point was criminals will still be able to acquire firearms regardless of their legality.
But by that logic all laws trying to prevent criminals from being criminals are redundant
Please explain to me how gun laws "prevent criminals from being criminals." A criminal can still actually be a criminal without a gun.
But then he at least won't kill people
IF you truly are concerned why do you jump only to the random acts of terror?
So senator why don't you do something about Chicago? Not high enough profile for your time? You sir are an embarrassment.
Bernie, do you own a firearm!    If so please turn it in !
STOP taking donations from the NRA, bernee. Then we can talk.
The majority of gun deaths in U.S. Are in sanctuary cities with the strictest gun laws.We really need term limits
Not trying to disarm but to make it safer for people so things like #Vegas are less likely to happen!
If only the gun lovers were killed during these attacks, I wouldn’t feel so bad.
Don't try to empower yourself by wishing bad on others. Drink beer like an average person you hipo critical snob.
No body needs an auto or semiautomatic weapon.  The second amendment was put in place at a time of single shot weapons.
So did the government. Your point sir is blown.
If Washington wasn't owned by the NRA, you would follow Australia's lead and make it basically illegal for any private citizen to own a gun
Hitler had Gun controle to.So did the Wright  so calles slave owners . I think   if the opresed of that day had Guns. Thay  wold not have ben http://opresed.you  are not thinking .
We should ban violent video games and violent children's cartoons.
@SenSanders don't you understand America and the courts say no to gun control? Perhaps you are failing to uphold your oath. #Resign #MAGA
Not to be mean but I do not care how you feel because our rights do not end at your feelings. #SorryNotSorry #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA
We need much less gun control.It will reduce crime!

Letting the government decide which Constitution rights are right or wrong is gonna end in no rights.
What do you recommend? Quit just flapping your gums
Can we tackle mental health issues as well? Counselling for at risk kids (gang violence)? All contributes to these events.
That's makes more  sense than gun control,  how about mental illness  why aren't we addressing that. The apple doesn't fall far from the 
They said his father was a loony, he was Americans top 10 wanted list. Like father like son,  let's face it his rubber band snapped.
Why does it have to be one or the other? They are capable of doing both.
Ok Bernie, you and the Dems can start on Chicago and LA anytime!  We've all been waiting
Yeah, Bernie, let's just turn our guns and be completely helpless

Bernie, maybe you should be asking the Mayor of Chicago what he is doing about people being shot. Oh, no talking about that subject.
Really Just how do you think you can do that ?  Take away more of our rights while coddling the babies who do nothing but snivel and whine
No new gun laws.. no compromise.
I agree. We should arm every non-criminal citizen. Gun-free zones have been the catalyst for Mass murders time & time again.
#SandyHook should have been the last #toolate sick of the @GOP @NRA #AltRight agenda. #GunControlNow
Should we ban alcohol because of deaths caused by do you want? Bernie should run for office in Communist Russia.
It is deplorable that the left uses this horrible incident to try to further their agenda to take away our rights as Americans.
Taking away guns will not stop things like this. there is always a way where there is a will to do harm
I am sick and tired of congress not doing anything or doing it wrong.  We have bread to many stupid people in America.
That's what we need is more government.     Not
You and dems say the same old crap, blame the guns, it's not the guns but it's who's holding it, don't blame the people who want guns
How do you suggest we get registered weapons out of the hands of people that have no record of violence or mental illness- like LV shooter?
RIP
Yes, by incorporating therapy into universal healthcare, by survellience of gun owners, by ending destructive pharmaceutical industries.
to dream the impossible dream. too many men on the hill are beholden to NRA- corruption rules the US Congress and Top Dog biggest alligator
Or Iranians
It's not gun violence!!  It's hate and a GODLESS society!!  You're not taking my gun Bernie!!
Preach 
We already have laws in place shut up and go away.
How is the murder daily in Chicago doing?  New Orleans?  It's called evil and NO amount of more laws .  Morals
CONFISCATE YOUR BODY GUARDS GUNS BERNARD. MIRE BULLSHIT FROM YOU YOU OLD F#$%... A PLATFIRM IF ZERO, NADA, NILL, SOLUTIONS. MR. B. ZERO U R
We need improvement in mental health services in America. Since everything is partisan and no one can agree nothing will change #gridlock
Bernie im a fan but u cant say that .What you CAN say is "its not too late to REDUCE the death count in the next mass shooting".
We gotta problem Sir  needs to change gun control now
Or victims of bomb violence, truck violence, planes crashing into building violence, chemical poison violence. It's not about the object.
Truth and integrity thank you Bernie

You shoulda thought about that when you were writing the constitution
Guns are not the issue. If you think they are then I'm sure you blame your pen for spelling errors and yell at your spoon for your weight..
What about the victims of abortion? Shouldn't we stop that?
What's next on the "banned" list, Barney? Automobiles? Knives? Baseball bats?
Its also not too late to counter this anti-gun argument by pointing out that none of these proposed gun regulations will stop this...
I’m behind you sir.
Get rid of those signs that say, no guns allowed here!
Mr Sanders there are too many uninformed people who make sensible gun regulations nearly impossible. But we must keep trying
If every person in that crowd had a machine gun, it would have been diff... oh wait that would have made things so much worse. NM
I wish you were right senator. But you’re not. Decades of production ensure that more tragedies will follow.
Too bad you didn't vote for the Brady Bill
Bernie, you're saying a new law on guns would make criminals not murder. Why don't they obey the current laws on murder? Murder is illegal.
I'm totally right.
Ur moral ineptitude never fails to amaze me.People have not even said farewell to their loved ones and you are politicizing their deaths
Do you think it needs a new idea? After "Sandy Hook = nothing" I'm pretty sure conventional changes are doomed (so a price of living in US).
Ban democrats from buying scary killing machines
What about alcohol use? We need to save 88k lives per year! Do you really care about saving lives?
The guns aren't violent, the people are.  Are you really this ignorant, Bernie?
You actually think more laws will stop criminals.. more laws will make it harder for law abiding citizens to protect themselves
You mean liberal violence.

#savelivessilenceliberals.
What exactly are you saying? During your campaign you said it was a States issue.  Now you have a new plan or is this just lip service?
Shut up Bernie
It's evil, godless people, Bernie, not guns. Communist control only works for the privileged few.
No more bump stocks!
Bernie. ...nothing you do will stop white males from the privilege of NOT  being suspects until after the fact. Dude had bomb material.
Cant legislate hate and/or crazy. Legislating guns is fruitless, pointless, and reckless. Like an obese man saying his thumb is too fat.
Take that fancy talk to Chicago.  I'm sure they'll listen to you there.
Make illegal guns more illegal now!!!! Just make all guns illegal so the black market will thrive. Something needs to replace marijuana!!!
Opioid deaths in 2016 over 66,000.  Gun related deaths just over 11,000.  Wanna guess who pads Dems pockets???
To many laws protecting criminals. Law enforcement can't stop gangs,or punks with illegal guns. And you won't let them arrest illegals why?
Oh the sweet agenda pushed by Dems but 8 years obama nothing accomplished but the theft of Trillions of OUR MONEY ,support of terror/IRAN.
We have groups in our societies that only care about the crimes they can get away with
Without conscience or remorse,what law will help that
Guns aren't problem. People who have no respect for human lives is the problem. You can't make a law that makes people care about lives.
Why have you not spoken out on chicago? #1 in gun control, #1 in gun/gang deaths. Where is your outrage on this?
Protection from govt violence is needed. This is Clinton era law enforcement not foreign armies.
you need to share your tweets with on gun control with kellyanne Conway and the Trump Administration
The killer was a RABID DEMOCRAT . . . . BAN DEMOCRATS !
if you're so hell bent on banning guns, start with taking away the guns of those protecting you.
Don’t talk about it, Be about it!
This is not the times for politics. We all know the problem. People
There is no need for Semi-automatic  & Automatic guns except for police & military as they are made only for KILLING PEOPLE
Then how are we to protect our selves from those who use them for wrong, huh?
How? Go to it!
Shame you aren't on the side of victims but side with the gun lobby. You were even against the parents of murdered children in Sandy Hook.
Way to go Mr Sanders making a difference I hope they listen.
It's also not to late for Bernie to retire and shut

And Canadians
You should've been our president
We need a #DivestFromGunManufacturers movement & a #NameShame major shareholders in Gun Industries. Who Profits from these American deaths?
What's the plan, Senator?
If we ban all things that may become dangerous to Americans, why have you been free to flap your communism crap around the country for the past 40 years?     #BanBolshevikBernie
Once again our American rights are be attacked by misguided swamp people like Bernie here.
The police is sometimes not fast enough to prevrnt such massacres.
Keep guns from crazy liberals
Murder and guns are already illegal in Chicago. Hasn't stopped a one Las Vegas shooting per month death toll.
Say something about Chicago old man. 28k under Onamad watch ... I dare you
Unless you count a firing squad, or a pistol to the back of the head in a remote Gulag, Soviet style. I'll keep my rights, thank you.
Shut up or put up. SHOW ME A LAW THAT WOULD PREVENT THIS TYPE OF TRADEGY. That's all I ask as a gun owner and at this moment I'm not w/NRA!
Thank you Senator Sanders for being so very strong and a leader on this topic sadly the other side is bought by the N.R.A no changes coming!
Well you could always return to being a part of the British empire. Our laws are pretty sweet.

So are all of the criminals going to throw away their guns and volunteer to go to jail now?
First step of the communist playbook, disarm the populace
"Any nation who would exchange liberty, for security deserves neither, and will lose both". You are no Thomas Jefferson. Kindly shut up!
No other civilized country spreads death by guns like that. And every other civilized country offers social security and health.
Sadly, "other" may now be a word better left out of this otherwise correct assertion
Too bad you are not a democrat. They are still too eager to add NRA $ to their coffers.
This is addressing an effect, not a cause. Addressing #Mentalhealth first might be a better deterrent.
Other countries have mental health problems too - but we don't have gun massacres every week like the USA!
Mental Health must be addressed before laws
It is too late to prevent more victims. America is on the verge of destroying herself from within. It'll only get worse from here. REPENT
Enforcement of existing laws will take care of that.
We should arm everybody I think you're onto something here
Bernie for President
You re right
Start with Chicago.
No. I think he wants to outlaw liberalism or Islam.
Hoe come the Dems did nothing about gun violence when Obama was in office for 8 years.
Yes Bernie ...I agree...but how do we help others to understand
How about illegal guns that kills so many young black people in the inner cities?
Made incredibly easy to get thanks to the NRA and the GOP.
Yep - we need more laws to make criminals follow the other ones. Maybe we should just add "super-duper" in front of "illegal" and "unlawful"

u knw, murder is against the law, that hasn't stopped ne1b4. My point, making a law to restrict ppl from having a gun won't stop them
Ur not trying 2 stop "gun violence" ur trying to make law-abiding citizens defenceless against criminals that will still have guns illegally
Why no alarm bells by ATF when 33 guns purchased in 9 months? Congress let us down with Firearms Protection Act of 1986. Repeal it NOW!
Ban bump fire stocks.
Repeal the Firearms Protection Act of 1986! We need a searchable computer database of gun purchases
Regan said communism would come in the form of liberalism and disarming the country is the first step
400,000 Americans die every year from tobacco-related diseases...
For Christs sake, if elect the right people and do away with the #NRA 's influence in the US Govt, there won't ever be a need to play #rambo

Alex Jones agrees that this isn't the time to point out that 598 actors are now unemployed, but he sends his thoughts and prayers. 
Way to not politicize the event you old fool, you or any other clown in the Senate will not take our 2nd amendment right away
Why not introduce legislation treating guns like cars? Require training, licensing, registration, liability insurance?
https://twitter.com/anonalexthegr8/status/915433766428053505 …
I am not sure who you mean by we the people, but a majority of we the people are sick and tired of being the victims of mass shootings.
Gun control won't do shit against a criminal. Criminals don't follow laws. There's a law against stealing things, but do people still steal?
I mean, it's ridiculous taking defense from innocents to let them be killed off by the lawless and mentally deranged.
Bernie, how you going to do that? Hmmmm? Your tweet is just leftist pandering. Symbolism over substance. As usual.
Chicago?????????????
So I would like to know how many of these guns were purchased legally and had legal modifications. laws only prevent citizens not criminals
Thank you.
Then why did you vote against the Brady Bill 5 times? You’re a fraud!
Q: What else but a gun could the Vegas terrorist have used to kill those people from a hotel window? A: Nothing legal.
A country that doesn't learn from avoidable tragedies is... a tragedy
Changed our position, have we?
Still, there is a problem in the minds of people. Want fame too much? Motives for Bonnie & Clyde were money & fame & revenge.
Stop taking money from the NRA.
Since when did a gun get up and start killing?...I guess we need tobacco control to hell it kills more people than a gun...hell ban cancer 2

How about trucks? Knives? Oh alcohol? You won't say nothing about alcohol because taxes you get right? Thief! Bank fraud!
When's last time you commented on the gun violence in Chicago
If there's a remote chance#America still believes N #WeThePeople as A#power, we #CANNOT #ignore  #treatment & #pain of our #fellowAmericans.
The only way to stop mass shootings is to confiscate or buy back everyone’s guns. Unfortunately, Americans will not let this happen.
STFU
I'm sorry sir, I believe bloodshed will continue, the politicians have sold their souls to the NRA
As an outsider with no dog in this race. When is talking about this okay? If it’s not when it’s in the public consciousness, when is it?
As in I totally understand the timing. Eg why is it that so many people discuss security policy and border controls after terror attacks?
He basically said “yeah they’re dead, that sucks. let’s make it about my agenda now” his tweet is very heartless in it’s wording.
From a less politically charged standpoint I’d read it as “we failed these people by not preventing this. Let’s prevent the next one!”
What are you proposing? Need specifics , before it's too late.
You mean like the victims of the democrats strong hold in Chicago - talk about those weekly victims
