#BREAKING: CBO: Senate repeal would leave 32 million more uninsured  http://politi.co/2uKjrow  

Obamacare did help alot of people its just it was still a sellout deal
Didn't help me, I've had no insurance and paid a penalty for 3 years.
Didnt help me either im sick and cant get any attention..but it did help lots of others
ACA was a gift to insurance companies at the expense of the middle class, their stock prices prove it, it's a total scam.
it absolutely was youre 100% right...except most middle class ppl didnt see much of a difference 

But it helped a lot of people as well
I don't give af, I have to pay 3% tax on my gross income this year unless the ACA is repealed, it's crushing small bussinss & middle class.
LOL

thats what im talking about #KeepFighting
thank you bernie for all you do. Jane too. I want to be just like you both. #admire #empathy
Only way that will happen is if they rename the repeal "Bernie Sanders". Then surely no one would for it.
Typical Republican running their mouth bashing the other party rather than discussing the actual issue.
You misspelled "Democrat".
Again you cant even talk about the issue
(1) Interesting how you are concerned with how I'm not talking about the issues on a response from a Bernie tweet...
(2) ... when 99% of his tweets are exactly that, bashing the Republican party vs actually discussing the issues and offering solutions.
You still have yet to mention the issue
This issue is Obama Care is a massive failure. The end.
I told them, don't mess with that many voters. They'll vote those block heads out.
What about the Bill both parties have proposed making it Ilegal to Boycott ??
Please Bernie.. many Americans count on you and beg you to STOP the new healthcare plan!  Retain the current plan for now!  Thank you!
Yet you gave is obamacare, it's a financial burden to those who have it and to those who don't and this fact is met with no compassion
There is no common ground, why don't they just listen to their common sense? We need more republicans listeining to their conscience!
Of course you want even more government control oh health care--you are a socialist--more government means worse care...
Pathetic indeed... 
http://www.burlingtonfreepress.com/story/news/local/2017/07/21/unraveling-jane-sanders-burlington-college-legacy/486054001/ … 
#saturdaymorning
didn't less than 10M sign up for Obamacare?

WHICH ONE ARE YOU CRYING ABOUT NOW? OR IS THAT JUST A GENERAL STOCK RESPONSE TO ALL GOP LEGISLATION. YOUR CRYING IS GETTING OLD, LIKE YOU.
Everyone should watch What the Health and spend their money on preventative health care from alternative doctors vs. paying pricey copays.
This turkey is done.  Get over it and start working on a plan to improve obamacare.  Be big kids and play nice together.
You're so fake we all know You're so fake we all know it!
I agree
Everybody should. It's destroying the system and that number probably includes the people who never wanted insurance.

This GOP healthcare bill discriminate people with pre-existing conditions and increases the premiums to  percent.
They should have NEVER voted for the disaster unaffordable health care act either. FORCED it right down our throats.
Deny the insurance companies for their preexisting condition of acute greed
REPETE AFTER ME !    TERM LIMITS! TERM LIMITS, WOULD MALE PPL MORE ACCOUNTABLE FIR THIER VOTES
Not Medicare for all, but Supermedicare!
and just what health care plan do you have???? is it Obamacare?????
what is pathetic is Obamacare and all you guys do is at how bad Trump care will be then get off your asses and work together for us
You need learn about economics
a simple answer;    healthcare plan used by congressmen should be used for all USA.  they don't think it is expensive
You have to create a problem, before you can use it to your advantage, Bernie. You of all people should know this. Straight out of handbook.
Keep shouting --- I hear the FBI knocking...
I lost mine when premiums went up 116% and I make to much for government health care. .......... thanks obama
Why do people think health care is a right? Will you force a doctor to do what you want?
Stop babbling and get back to work.
Not sure how it could be worse. Really. 32 million losing their healthcare and rates going up.
CBOs analysis of the latest healthcare plan. It's not pretty.
Thanks for helping to make this such a real possibility, Bernie.
Democrats were particularly deceptive to the People in the manner they passed Obamacare and have been deceptive about it since.
No body should of voted for Obamacare to start with.  The 32 million off insurance are those who were mandated but don't want. No sympathy.
.What about this anti-BDS bill?
My family's premiums doubled and coverage eroded under ACA.broke middle class
You should stop flapping your gums or typing your tweets and all of you @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand @SenWarren @NancyPelosi etc work to fix
@politico I believe that all politicians should be forced to use the ACA healthcare. Then the deal will be better
But willing to vote for obamacare without reading first how does that work crazy bernie?
It has my vote.
So was Obamacare.  It didn't magically fix everything for everyone either. How about a solution instead of complaints.
If you say something Bernie, does that make it true? You seem to believe that.
Repeal and replace.
Is this tweet coming from your 2nd or 3rd house?
#GOP u need 2 work with Dems 2 develop a bill for all the ppl a & get rid of the tax cuts
The right and neo-libs do not care. They are only protecting their donors' right & will fuck everyone without campaign cash in the ass.

How did all these monsters get into power?
I've asked everyone from POTUS to Shawn Hannity to meet with you for an answer that will fix healthcare plan. Single pay is best for the 98%
32 million who would not be able to afford cancer treatments Senator McCain is benefitting from?  Everyone should have congress' #healthcare
Yep. Only supporters of Russia and enemies of America would vote for it.
@SenSanders  @TuesdaysToomey
Indeed!  Thanks for speaking out again for the citizens of the USA
I guess Bernie doesn't get any Koch money. None.
Which means less money for the government
Mccain is damn lucky he's got that special tax payer funded healthcare.
@politico  Bernie, you are pathetic! How did anyone vote for you?
Correct The Record troll, you are pathetic! 
#bernie2020
same ole song
Vote for a bill that you are REQUIRED to use. I think something might get fixed.
Someone please explain how 32 million more would be to uninsured when there are only 10.4 million enrolled in Obamacare?
@GOP GENOCIDE BILL KILLS people & must never happen.
And from the man who voted for ObamaCare
ACA is unaffordable, high deductibles isn't healthcare!  ACA destroyed lives & economy by turning good jobs reduced to part time jobs ACA
Here's #Pathetic ~ Bernie Sanders’ Platform May Cost USA  $40T, Add Trillions in Taxes Over 10Yrs
How about that anti BDS bill?
Sorry to say. Many of the US Senate would vote for it. Those ignorant folks who think that Slump is a human being.  Future unemployed. Bye.
You are beyond pathetic!  Please leave now!  You and your wife are criminals, just like HRC.  Hopefully you can all be cell mates together.
Trump's hatred of his predecessor is the main driving force behind his every action.   That's the simple truth. It's simple.  He's simple.
Trump is singleminded when it comes hating Obama.
Says Bernie the Phonie.
I will go a step further. EACH MEMBER OF THE U.S. SENATE WHO VOTES FOR THIS BILL IS PATHETIC.  P A T H E T I C.
The VA is a good example of what NOT to do!
I hope and pray every day you will retire. You're so old and crotchety.  Socialized medicine has NOT worked well in other countries.
#PublicOption @SenateGOP @POTUS @HouseDemocrats  @WhiteHouse @business  @HouseGOP @CNN @FoxNews @CNBC
Americans need to take legal action against GOP congress n trump for killing millions of Americans. GOP has no morals.
 Dems don't give a SHIT about us
Breaking POTUS doesn't give a rats ass about people, only thing that matters is how to get more taxpayer money into his phony empire.
Remember folks Bernie is a BOUGHT AND PAID FOR RICH ELITEST TROLL ...that gets free healthcare for life on your dime.
if they do vote yes they need to be voted out of office and that goes for anyone I find it sad that the GOP would even try it 
Wall St is so outta control, their Republican terrorists shoot Americans with intent to kill. Throw moneyed terrorists outta US politics.
Ya think?
This coming from a fraud!
Com'n Bernie, be a little more vicious in your tweets, dude!
STOP, Candy Coating your responses.
How can you vote for or against something if you haven't read it and don't understand it?
WE THE REAL PEOPLE DONT EVEN KNOW TRUTH ON WHATS IN IT
Why does this guy open his yap soo wide? It's time for him to take his wife's money and retire.
You're pathetic.
Hey voice I guess everyone in Canada and Great Britain are pathetic.
You had no problem with the ACA, which is also pathetic.
Hey matt the earth is flat and we faked the moon landing too.
Seriously nobody talks about income inequality at all. Rich call it class warfare Funny how class warfare is ok as if it's against the poor
Not pathetic... evil!!
I'm with you Bernie
A lot of republican scumbags were prepared to vote for this bill happy to take healthcare away from millions to please there donors
Were you this upset when millions lost healthcare when Obamacare went into effect?
How many people actually have to die so they can say they "won." There's no teams, just Americans.  Folk in Washington should act like it.
Where u get those numbers?
Comrade: What's ur response more Ocare or ur failed Vermont single payer. Both are turds.
2 Days ago it was repeal and replace of Obamacare, then just repealing it, then allowing it to fail, before reverting to repeal and replace
Bernie, your supporters are pathetic for falling for your fraud. He's Money Bernie. He loves the money. Money Bernie.
How about that bank fraud? Any answer to that
I'm worried about it softening the blow of the previous "replace" bill. Stay focused on that one!
Agreed. They should instead vote for a #fullrepeal of #Obamacare.
@politico Yeah, lets go on socialized HC while you continue with your free HC for life which still allows you to choose.
@politico please Sen Sanders Please assist the Rep find their spines before the vote next week.
If they pass it they should be bound by law to use it.
And Obama Care is a Dems dream, Billions of $ floating around just ripe for the picking!
And I would be one of them.
32 million more,  more than what
Communist where is the 10 million dollars your CROOKED wife borrowed
What's your plan to help the middle class afford Healthcare?
Sorry Obamacare is pathetic, this new bill is less pathetic!  REPEAL WITHOUT REPLACING! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL!
Won't pass. Not in Trump's wildest dreams.
Go away...please.#BernieSanders
If you hate it, we should love it. I don't buy into anything you say anymore. You have become so predictably cliché.
Yet your socialist, democratic single payer plan is better? NOOOOOoooooooo
Is that 32 million that aren't forced to buy the $hit you have been selling for 7 years? Go away dikhead. Take ur lemmings with you.
Trump has a real problem with anything that says or refers to Obama.
And rightfully so. Just about everything Obama did was a disaster.
Be quiet Bernie. Better use your valuable time getting you and your crooked wife thru the investigation. Killary didn't pay u enough?
no ObamaCare is pathetic and super expensive for working people
The logical fallacy employed here is assuming the republicans give a shit about Americans.
The bill is egregious and disastrous
@politico Just let it fail.
I am so disgusted. I cannot believe Republicans are even considering such a devastating option.

Stop your silliness.  You should be ashamed.  America's only Socialist with 3 houses.
Bernie, what gives you the idea that any Republican will?
What were the #'s the CBO put up about Obamacare? Oh, yeah. Find a credible source.
We are watching to see who votes for it. All eyes are on the Senate.
Your beyond pathetic as a person and part of Congress
http://www.politifact.com/personalities/bernie-s/statements/byruling/false/ …
Nice audi!!
Pathetic is really the only thing these guys have actually nailed down.
Please fix what does not work with the ACA! Fix that which doesn't work and add that which does work. Work together. Healthcare is a right!
All Americans should have the same healthcare Congress has. No more, no less.
That would be an excellent way for it to be!But I would love to see Congress try to get along with what MANY people have,or have not, yeah!
Talk about pathetic. Bernie takes 1st place for that. Still has the nerve to show his crooked face. Steal form banks & campaigns.RESIGN NOW
Please GOP, come to your senses and drop your egos.
Still waiting on an answer as to why we can't have the same healthcare as you Senator?
How do U have a worthwhile disc. toward a solution when #'s R misrepresented? ACA was passed w lies.U intend to defend it w lies?!
Only the most evil & selfish among them would vote for it.
Those motherfucker Republicans should be charged as mass murderers
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @SenSanders @PreetBharara @AynRandPaulRyan @paladine APROVE THIS TRUMP DONT CARE BILL AND BE READY FOR THE TOWNHALLS
Oh they will!  Hope you and your followers are enjoying the disaster we are in for at least 4 years
Repeal it before it crashes. And no more gov. Subsidies.  Right? Or should we say no drug companies but bail out ins.?
Social democracy is unfair to all hard working ppl who attain success & who strive for a better life rather than depend on govt 4 handouts
Total BS and you know it, Bernie.  All this phony concern you and @TheDemocrats try to show when you're all exempt from participation in ACA
Unlike Obamacare which isn't falling apart or anything. You had your turn SIT DOWN!!
Why not try for universal care? Seems to work everywhere else
Charlie Gard
Uhhh leading cause of bankruptcy in the US is medical bills dude. I hope youre not serious
It is a terrorist attack on American families and on the economy.
But the Trump people would be making billions and billions of dollars in pure profits, daily. They need the money. It's the bread, Fred. $$$
They have no souls
My insurance went up 111% since Obamacare care. This is not right!  Go after insurance companies and Dr's. only solution!!!!!!
Oh that's worse than 22nillion
We need to push together to #VoteThemOut #2018
Do Dr's really need to make hundreds of dollars an hour?  Killing the middle class!!  Does insurance company's need to make 20%profit yr?
Bernie the American people need you to retire
I only wish the media would push GOP to tell the truth, their death bill would kill millions. They're done in 2018
if Obamacare is so good then why do good doctors not accept it  you should stick to committing bank fraud you old back
I want your bill for universal coverage. If my current senators won't support it, I'll run in 2022
Uninsured without the penalty would be a blessing for the 6.5 million people currently being fined by obamacare.
Uninsured would be a blessing for the 20% of private insurance purchases not receiving subsidies paying on average $14,000 per year.
We need cheaper insurance. This is killing families. Stop Dr.s and insurance companies from gauging us!!!!!  This is the only solution.
Another example of the rich taking from the middle class and poor!  Rather die than leave family bankrupt!!!!!!!!  Not right!!!!!!!!!
No American should vote for any member of the US Senate who does vote for it.
FUCKIN TELL IT LIKE IT IS, MY DUDE
Print the entire headline. These numbers are based on no fix over 9 years. Enough with the scare tactics.
U know what's beyond pathetic? @keithellison won't speak out against Islam's practice of female genitalia mutilation. He is a fraud!
Ya done Bunny, ya done. Ya hea mah Bunny. #Fraud #Liar
When I applied for insurance I got rejected, they literally sent me recruitment papers for the military, I just wanted to go to the dentist
Are you not in the senate? Don't you know how immoral the GOP has become? Surely most GOP will vote for it and then blame Dems as always.
The only thing that is definite is that the CBO number r always off
