Bernie is a millionaire thanks to his supporters who filled his coffers. He sold out to the highest bidder, Hillary Clinton.
a millionaire who fights for poor people! wow ! amazing! thought those ppl were extinct in usa!
Bernie Sanders is not fighting for poor people, or anyone else. If he were, he and other elected officials would work with President Trump.
okay "fighting" is too strong, but "speaking" in political culture where "poor"+"poverty" talk is taboo
Venezuela comes to mind, socialism is not working out to well for them.
Venezuela=petrodollar interference problem:what politicl model they use will do better w.o usa meddling
The people there are starving, anyone who thinks socialism is a good thing, needs to move there.
lol i am there you are barking up the wrong tree. when is the last time YOU lived outside the usa?
This administration makes me sick
Well u might be racist
No but you're definitely trolling. Serious replies only please.
You're the type of person making it difficult for Americans to discuss what's going on with your alternative facts. Watch the video.
What do u mean I am the type of person? That sounds racist, see how the right can turn that bs around on u shows u how we feel listening to
...it's a great museum and it just might teach you a thing or two about what racism really is so that maybe you will be more respectful...
Being responsible 4 their actions and stop making excuses 4 not getting ahead in life
You could have voted for Russian sanctions Bernie!
Russian and Iran sanctions for what? So more civilians can suffer? Glad he's not a bully
But it's ok to be bullied by Russia? America will not be bullied by Russia! I choose America over Russia everyday!
Russia put out fake news stories that some Americans chose to believe. 45 was elected bc of stupidity. No one was forced to believe the lies
45 was elected because of the liars on both sides of the aisle
That contributed, sure. However; from comments I read all over the internet, there are plenty of USA ppl who STILL believe the other lies
Like HRC is deathly sick, pizzagate, HRC committing murder with her own hands, etc. It's ridiculous but some ppl believe it 100%
It's ridiculous that u can't see it
Surprise Surprise....ho hum not.
@realDonaldTrump is a backwards man. His campaign promises were baloney, and Dept. Heads are unfit for those depts!
No shit. Pardon the irony.
Frauds and liars all. Look @ how arrogant & self-confident they are as they knowingly cover their immoral complicity. We've got to STOP them
Is that the smell of Donald Trump's pants on fire?
When did anyone believe what Trump campaigned on. They were all lies. He told America what he thought they wanted to hear. Typical con man
Go down the list of things he said he was going to do and has done. More than obama did in 8 yrs
hater #dembot
Bernie you totally got schooled by mnuchin,what do you know about business bernie, zip,zilch,he owned you
There os tax payer risk and risk yo a Market Meltdown same people and situation but worse under The Trump admistration in the future unless
So only BS er's like you can change your mind?
But who believed him in the first place?? Some of us knew better from outset.
Thank you Sen. Sanders for always pressing on for the truth.
And like his BOTS who shoot people
Billionaires be friends with Billionaires & work for the good of other Billionaires. Don't let lying Billionaires tell you any different.
@TammyKosiancic
Thank you Comrade Sanders.  Now back to your responsibility for yesterday's attacks on Republican house and Senate members.
How is Sanders responsible?  Maybe GOP needs to clean up their act & stop  hurting ppl w/ EO's, AHCA, leaving Paris etc. Blame your prez.
You and crazy media own it. Have been inciting violence for more than a year.
Tone down all the rhetoric. Until then live with it.
How terrible of the media 2tell the truth! The TRUTH of what GOP is doing out there 4 all to see, including crazies with guns. Live with it
Dream on. You're in fairyland. Clueless.  I bet your sources are MSNBC, CNN, WAPO, NYT,  CBS, ABC.
None of you is talking about what happens to the children of Yemen who are dying because of Saudi aggression
Some of us are awake to the terrible things the evil people "in charge" of this tyrannical govt do.  They need to go.
I really wish we could change things now. These evil idiots will eventually implode this country.  Horrible psychopaths with no conscience.
You can try. You will not like the outcome...
OH WELL SHIT HAPPENS...
He's a worthless liar.
They are clueless.
hater #dembot
Everything he campaigned on was a lie! I think he only wanted in office for the perks! He's using it 4 his business, that's all! He's slimy!
Detail those lies please.
Obama was born in Kenya. That was a lie.
Cute kid!
Thank you! He's my world!
nice
Lies and more lies. What did you expect?
It's President Trump. #DBAP
Says it all right here.
Thank you for standing up to @stevenmnuchin1 He is clearly one of the slimyest scumbags on the Trumpenfuhrers team. #RepealandReplaceTrump
Politics and Businesses cannot be combine. Too bad he is in the oval office.
2001 last time we had a clueless POTUS led around by the nose who couldn't complete a thought or sentence and whose strings were pulled
He campaigned he will lock Hillary up and there will be time limits for senators like you who have spent decades in the house, im waiting
Instead of carrying water 4 the Democrats, PLEASE get your sassafras 2 the #WhiteHouse & talk 2 @POTUS; voters were promised #GlassSteagall!
Not a Bernie fan from a presidential standpoint but I do like when he goes at after them like this.
He's a Goober.
Talk about a  contradiction
G-S should be restored, so that taxpayer & depositors won't have to bail out the banks again. Just a thought, but what do I know?
Somebody tell those idiots WE ARE IN THE 21st CENTURY & "a 21st century Glass-Steagall act" means "a Glass-Steagall act in the 21st century"
I am glad that Glass-Steagall is really being taken seriously and that hopefully it will pass and be law again to regulate the banks.
Steve Munchkin  is a crook ...he's been a Banker for years and bankrupted thousands during the 2008 crash .... don't trust that bas....d  
This clown is a big crook also, like his buddy @realDonaldTrump
All due respect, Bernie, ALL the politicians campaign on things they will never actually follow thorough with
What issue has Trump not flipped on and usually to a much more country crushing stance. Sad 
All money flowing into banks are diverted into the stock market artificially lifting stock prices. It is going to pull back, so is my money
I pulled my money from the stock market and put in the bank for safety. Now it is being risked,
Wall street financiers will make billions by risking our money in the bank.
Trump is encouraging the banks to re-engage in the reckless conduct that led to the 2008 financial crisis.
Who can I trust, Democrats or Republicans? Neither!
Remember it was Bill Clinton who eliminated Glass-Steagall. It was a BIG mistake.
Bernie, time for @tomhanks + Sally Fields to reprise Alt-Forrest Gump

Momma always said
Mafia-Leech-Trump is
what Mafia-Leech-Trump does
Get him B! Love how you go after hucksters and story changers...
A bed of lies.
Get 'em, Bernie!
Obama campaigned on transparency and reducing the budget....how'd that work out?
Unfortunate coincidence??? These 3 white men have no soul--they're dead inside.What they're up to is inflictg another finan crisis we pay 4.
Good job keep inciting your small minded followers to be hateful.
Bernie you sold your soul to the devil. Enjoy the 1.8 million you took in last year
No short-haired, yellow-bellied
Son of tricky dicky's Gonna mother hubbard soft soap me With just a pocket full of hopes
By John Lennon
I'm referring to mnuchin of course,  bernie is shelter from the storm of American/global neoliberalism
Thank you for respect iran 
Thank you
Bernie you are making your point by showing how you get interupted.... Thats a rare talent...
Donald doesnt care about telling the truth he just wanted to get the votes and the money.
why would vote nay on Russian sanctions?!
This is the Fox watching the hen house, Trump didn't drain the swamp and this guy swam over to the treasury.
Shocked that the Wall Street cabinet doesn't want to regulate their former and future colleagues.
GOP Liars LIars Pants on Fire!
WTF
Not surprised. Trump's role is to cut economys operating costs  by deregulation, low wages, reducing social expenses, incressed efficiencies
You gotta' love it - Mnuchin says that using the phrase "21st Century Glass Steagall" is an "unfortunate coincidence" instead of "he lied".
Trump is a joke.
Those who intend to destroy what others try to build will later realized how they are destroying themselves!
This is the fox watching the hen house!He is bad for America.Trump didn't drain the pool and this guy swam over to the treasury.
If Kamala Harris would have locked Mnuchin up for being CA foreclosure king, then maybe Mnuchin wouldn't be in his current position.
Poor Bernie. Is your "feelings" hurt now? Want some coloring books and a "quiet place"?
I have to ask Burnie, what happened to Venezuela, YOUR "model of socialism " and how great it is? Please answer!
Repressed,poor socialist/communist countries like Cuba,Venzuela,Russia,China ppl r suffering. Why do u believe socialism is good
Your under investigation for fraud...your whole family is corrupt....Time to shut up Bernie.
Now the idiot will restrict travel to Cuba! Boy what a jerk!!
Lies and broken promises. Creature from the swamp?
I was a Bernie bro.. Why did you attack a man's faith? Also I voted for Clinton which was a mistake. We would have seen WW3.
Liars! They dont think they'll get called out for their blatant bold lies.
Bernie u quit on your supporters, give them their money back,Americans don't like quitters Bernie
Old man, you sold out to Hillary, u have no more respect from ur supporters
Trump is a liar!
Safe & Prudent kinda like Fair & Balanced
BS!
Hold them ALL Accountable. Thank you S Sanders!
I feel like I am in a dimensional shift.
This Mnuchin is one slimey piece o' work. They're all so vile.
THE most arrogant cabinet member w/ an agenda along with Tom Price.
When is @SenSanders going to get his violent, criminal, thug supporters under control?
Another lie!
I don't remember trump ever mentioning glass-steagall. Bernie is hearing voices again.
As his BOTS shoot people
Have you ever once heard Sanders condone any sort of violence against anyone? Because I've heard PLENTY come out of 45's mouth.
Trump campaigned on increasing onerous regulations? You sure you got that right Senator?
There's a lot you said during the campaign that you would have had to change too. You guys are politicians, nobody takes you for your word!
Kamala let Mnuchin off the hook after he donated to her campn. Not writing her off but Dems r part of the prob when they cd be the solution
I don't understand. Clear evidence that she can be (and is) bought and paid for, but you're not writing her off? Why?
Does Soros like it?
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!  For being strong. For fighting for us little guys.
Now we know why Rubio is playing ball!
Life as narrated by observer Bernie Sanders. Corruption as participated in by Bernie Sanders & his wife. BTW Bernie when w/u drop misogyny?
Trump contradicts himself mid-sentence. Ex: 'I never touched that under age girl, btw she was terrible in bed, terrible!'
You could have voted for Russian sanctions Bernie!
Trump's DC is run by the banks that caused the great recession, Russian oligarchies, polluters, wall street scammers & pseudo Christians
Man, are you smoking another BIG FAT ONE???
Sounds like Mark is sniffing glue or meth again. That crap is going to make you as moronic & useless as Trump
More regulations is not what the economy needs.
It doesn't matter what century, Glass-Stegall means separation!
It's amazing how you BOTs show up on certain liberal Tweeter feeds just to spread lies and spit utterly ridiculous bullshit.
Again with the #alternatefacts
It takes a lot of courage and stupidity for @realDonaldTrump n his people to get in front of the cameras day in n day out...and lie
#Trump is a fraud. Plain & simple. Pathological liar. Will say anything to 'win'. And the Republican has enabled him. They're just as guilty
And democrats don't?
You and Rand Paul make a fine bromance. No good excuse for voting against Russia sanctions.
They are all liars!
Perspectives change. Unlike Socialism that doesn't recognize when its failing, something needs to change example Venezuela.
Everyone lies when they're campaigning Bernie. So did you. A lot of folks are angry at you. You let HRC take the prize for the $$.
Idiots.... Plain and simple....@realDonaldTrump and his people can't ever keep their stories straight! Liars.. SAD!
They are all Wall Street whores. Time to see the truth. Bernie is a fraud. I use to respect him.
I will never forgive or never forget. The worst election year in history.
So many states were cheated but we they dare claim russia did it. They tried at the last second bcuz we were wide open due to our own breach
Anyone who supports the lies n cheats is in big denial about this cover up n witch hunt going on now. Its not democracy. Deception.
He promised to contest the convention. He lied. He could have beat Trump but he dropd n supported HER.
It was horrible how he deceived ppl only for the very ppl who cheated the primaries with fake votes and cheated states. Shame on them.
It's not only about him n campaign contributions. Its the way he went about it. People need to sue for those contributions.
Why they want to break up big banks? They all get rich off the backs of middle/pov class. Screwed the ppl, got their bailouts. #FuckBigbanks
Why have you been so silent Bernie? Where is your voice when it's needed the most right now? @flottfitness be leader you say u ran as
Mnuchin lie, cheat and steal !!!
Love you! Keep up the great work. Fond memories of your visit to SoDak!
Just another broken campaign promise. @realDonaldTrump never planned to do anything but line his pockets and those of the 1%.  Really GOP??
To call American politics a muppet show would be an unforgivable insult to the muppets!!!
Once again NOTHING MATTERS. please all Voting Americans.Huge Wealth Xfer happening now to Richest 1%.How does that Help You? VOTE2018 HelpU!
How does Voting for Grand Old Party help you? Vote to:Keep Medicaid, SS, our Schools, HEALTHCARE, Democracy, Civility, Constitutional Rights
Trump will wear a Truckers Hat for you as long as it keeps followers believing he's one of us. Really now, is he one of us?You know he's not
Their version is restricting everyone else, not them.
Because he's a liar. Everybody's ignoring the big cheeto in the room.
Schmuck.
@MADDOW WHO DO WE BELIEVE IN THIS #TRUMPSWAMP JUST LIKE #TRUMPCARE AND #TRUMPCLIMATE LOOKING MORE LIKE #RUNAWAYTRAIN TO #TRUMPGATE
Good Job Bernie!
Yet another example of trump throwing his admin under the bus. Go fig.

.Never was the case...never intended to actually do it...just campaign rhetoric to seem like a populists to get votes.
Love is people iranian
Bernie you expected otherwise? Trump conned you like he did all of us and America.
#Trumpsters always have to defend their mistake ! Sad
Steve "Foreclosure King" Mnuchin? Who woulda thunk he would do the right thing? 
Oh Lord, these guys are playing fool to benefit their corrupt friends. They think US people can be fooled just like that. STOP THEM, PLEASE!
What has 45 done that he said he was going to do when he campaigned? #TRUMPTHELIAR!
You liar!
You campaigned on winning the Presidency... that is now not the case.
You are a BOSS! Keep up the good work @SenSanders!
I listened to a lot of this hearing with Sen Sanders & Sen Warren. Mnuchin has NO clue & he is arrogant with the Senators.
He's a liar. Trump's reneging. trump's a liar. They're setting us up to crash the economy again. They think they can get away with it again.
Obama spent 9 Trillion in 8 years, for what more welfare and food stamps.
Bernie, I love you sir but FIRE the people editing your videos. They are TERRIBLE AND UNWATCHABLE.   That said. I love you. Keep fighting!
No Honor Among Thieves
#UnfitGroupOfSuits #HighOnKoch
It's not a Republican platform, because Donald Trump was  Democrat for most of his life. Lol.

BS and ALL of his BOTS
BS Bot shooter is ALL YOU FAULT, YOU COMMUNIST SOCIALIST DOG
What do you care? Until you overthrow Democracy for wealth "distribution", what do you care? If you start Civil War II, we'll end your plan.
Imagine electing a (putative) billionaire to defend the interests of the worker, and instead he defends those of billionaires. Gobsmacking.
The US needs proper, broadly understood, class analysis now.
Hmm, what you thought you heard was not really what you heard . . .
A Bernie Sanders supporter is a failure in life with a need to share in the success of others. Socialism has not and does not work.
45 has broken every promise so far. He's not going to change now is he!
Bull!
