When you force me to buy health insurance even though I don't want it, am I free?
You are forced to buy auto insurance but I don't hear anyone complaing about freedom.
A. That is a state law, not fed. Different powers. B. My car can hurt you. If I have cancer, it doesn't hurt you. Get it??!
We are not bees in a hive or Borg in a cube.
No but humans rise and gall in societies we can't exist without each other. If we can stop some from dying the society will do better.
You need to learn the difference between mutual cooperation & government coercion. Yes. Community matters but forced cooperation is tyranny.
Forgive me I'm not in favor of forcing people to buy insurance only leting the government to provide an option. If i was unclear I apologize
How much healthcare must you have to be free? What quality of healthcare? Prevention or only emergency? Does healthcare have to be equal?
Is the person who has their financial property taken from them against their will to redistribute to another free?
If your "right" is guaranteed only by a governmental force infringing on the rights of others, is that freedom?
The goverment keeps me from driving a car drunk to help society giving everybody healthcare will allow us all to rise together.
One causes harm. The other doesn't.
So you don't want to see all citizens have health care? Only people with the enough money to pay exorbitant fees to insurance corporations?
I am not in favor of the government forcing you to buy insurance. Only for it providing a public option which would be cheaper and better.
You can't be truly free when you're dependent on government coercion to supply your needs. Liberty is freedom from coercion.
Nice.
Demanding positive rights like this guarantees bondage, Bernie, not freedom. Liberty is hard with no guarantees of health or economic ease.
Thank you and welcome. :)
Government should not dictate health insurance.  This is not healthcare
Any comment? https://twitter.com/judicialwatch/status/881150398651928580 … #BankFraudBernie
"The wife of Sen. Bernie Sanders reportedly attempted to evict disabled group home residents..." via @BreitbartNews
http://bit.ly/2t0ZcAF 
Or a good attorney. When's  Jane's trial?
U can't B free when Americans R FORCED E pay a mandate when they cannot afford Ocare AND Democrats continue 2 block freedom from mandate 
WRONG. If government controls those things then I really won't have choice!!! #remembercharlie
The biggest freedoms require inequality and the ability to overcome adversity.
No. Hell no. No more winners and losers. Everyone deserves basic rights if we can afford them. Spoiler, we can.
Rights are things money can't buy my friend. Egalitarianism is a tyranny imposed by the weak willed unto those who feel the need to help.
Imo it's wrong to 'get yours' and screw everyone else. Why wouldn't we want to help one another? Pride? Ego? Nonsense! If can afford. Do it.
Where were you when your party leader was setting 50 year Poverty Records @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump SUDDENLY you have conscience?

Where were you when he put 13 MILLION on food stamp program!
So lets just sit on our asses and push socialism instead of basic American values like free market and hard work. Socialism promotes poverty
How's that FBI INVESTIGATION going? And how's that third house? You really need three when some people can't even afford ONE?
No need to include me in your remarks to Senator Sanders. THX.
You retweeted his tweet...
Oh but Bernie u can with all ur millions BTW hows that fraud case comin that u & ur wife are involved in?Lots of money there she took& u got
When Republicans talk about freedom it seems to be about freedom not to help others if they don't want to...
Govt isn't 2dictate who should help who or how, ppl are 2b charitable.Freedom is the Opty 2help whomever you can, not b so regulated u can't
Why don’t you guys ever complain about car insurance? I think the right just doesn’t like seeing the less fortunate get help.
Why would we complain about car insurance? Health insurance should be the same! My Car insurance doesn't cover your oil changes!
But you pay into it even if you never use it, so you’re paying for some dude to fix his car. I don’t mind paying a little to help others.
Cut military budget by 1/3 and put it towards healthcare. 

FYI: I am an OIF vet.
A third? We need to cut it in half.
And where in the Constitution does it say health care, food or medicine is part of our freedom? @JamesOKeefeIII @Cernovich @PrisonPlanet
It says gun owners must be part of a well regulated militia. Pick and choose.
That's why we need #FullRepeal & let true #FreeMarkets take over & prices will lower via competition & quality will increase. Not #socialism
In your wildest dreams
Okay miss not and your 44 followers 
Bravo

But you support socialism which makes it's people completely dependent on the government. How is that freedom?
Been there, Libya, Iraq,  Afghanistan...
Then create a system that is conducive to allowing people to afford these things. Doesn't mean you have to hand out everything free
Go away
Why can't we stop being Republicans or Democrats and just start being people who care about other people in all aspects of life
Time to develop community care programs - money that would usually go for insurance premiums could underwrite these local health programs.
Time for #SinglePayer or better yet a government run national healthcare system like the one operated by the U.K. at a fraction of the cost
I think a bottom up (i.e. local - all healthcare is local) set of programs (which already exist in many cities) is a viable course of action
Nope. A few free clinics won't solve it. UK national healthcare best b/c it takes profit motive out of the healthcare equation.
Agreed fella. That's why we must oppose socialism.
Tsk. You think that in social democracies like Norway, the Netherlands, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, etc., they don't have freedom?
The success of the Nordic Model hinges on its embrace of free-market capitalism https://capx.co/scandinavia-is-no-socialist-valhalla/ … via @Madz_Grant
Also North Sea Oil in Norway which pays for Norwegian freebies
Socialism doesn't work. For those who want it should move to Venezuela and see how they like it there
I'm looking around and capitalism doesn't work either. Ask Americans how they like it here. Not your friends. The 99%
How can you be free if a totalitarian government forces you to buy things from a monopoly?
"Grow up & support mass theft at the hands of an immoral monopoly on violence which produces an inefficient/ineffective means of production"
Guess you'd rather be directed by corporations who never have your best interests in mind, and you never have a say in the structure.
Thats the system we have now, I advocate a system where they are subjected to the demands of the consumer aka us.

Let's not forget housing.  Minimum workers can't afford a 2 bdrm apt anywhere.
minimum wage jobs are not intended to be a career path to raise a family on
True.  But many do.
you can use the er with out health care coverage and pay add little as $10 a month to pay off your bill. anyone can afford that.
... and will the average hospital do heart bypass surgery or cancer treatment on that basis .  A broken is one thing, but ...
Medicaid For people to live in Didnity @kylegriffin1 @tribelaw @billmaher @ASlavitt @JamesBrienComey @RWPUSA
And it’s my freedom of choice not to have to pay for others who don’t,won’t of can’t
For sure!!!
@civilrightsDC nor can you be free if the GOVERNMENT CONTROLS YOUR NEEDS! Evidence.....inner cities
Yeah well you can believe the politicians have the best Healthcare and buy non-GMO foods. We are like sheep. Young people -  get with it!
Receiving table scraps from politicians is not freedom, Bern.
Thats what we said about the Obamacare debacle which was Absolutely NOT AFFORDABLE. For Many of us, premiums went up
And now your pay less with the added bonus of the US being less populated. What a win for you alone.
Can you truly be free if you're forced to buy things for other people under a threat of violence if you don't comply?
BREAKING : Both Bernie and Jane Sanders Under FBI Investigation for Bank Fraud
But you can't be free either if the gov't seizes 50% of the fruits of your labor to pay for its pet projects
It's not 50% of your salary.
How am I supposed to eat if you take 90% of my money? Maybe I should ask the people of Venezuela
You cannot be free if other people can take your stuff to pay for their health care or food or medicine. #BankFraudBernie #SocialismSucks
We would rather these people be living.. even when we are a little less free
NOBODY with govt sponsored medical care is truly free.  Socialized medicine is the opposite of freedom.
Care to opine about the disabled?  As for freedom and choice, I've always chosen to work and live within my means.  It's a dying art.
Hahaha! Your profile indicates you're a pretty confused person.
I cannot be free if I'm forced to pay insane taxes for healthcare services I don't want from companies I don't like.
But just wait until you're the slave. You understand there aren't enough wealthy people enslave forever. Next it will be smart people.
If you do that, I'd encourage you to donate it to a charity, not the government, though. Unless you feel compassion for administrators.
What you're describing is an oxymoron. You can't have both freedom and a state.

Democrats talk a lot about freedom and choice. But you cannot truly be free if the government FORCES you to buy something you don't want!
Lets talk about your fraud investigation. Tax payers paying for the lawyers? Or nah?
Actually the investigation is on his wife. Not all spouses are going to share with their spouse if they're doing something wrong. Good try!

Brady Toensing, man responsible 4 the claims filed to the U.S. attorney for Vermont, was a chairman for the Trump campaign in his state.
Ahhh, yes, but Jane and Bernie Sanders are responsible for their behavior.
I wouldn't go so far as to call her a witch.
That's among the dumbest things I've ever heard in my life.
Free men don't have govt meddling in their lives, you socialist.
Maybe you should review this time when Milton Friedman schooled you :
Don't tell me what freedom means according to your own political definition. Freedom means exactly what it means regardless of my income
Or three houses or a wife that gets congressional (wink wink) help with bank loan approvals or loses na corrupt DNC primary & cowers to HRC
How much of my income will you be satisfied with taking through taxation? 25% 50% 75% 90% 100% Please give us a number. Thx. #tcot #tlot
Penalization by the government if you don't participate is straight up fascism.  The only thing govt should punish citizens for is a crime.
So your idea of freedom is using the govts monopoly on the the use of force to confiscate my personal property to give to someone else
You also can't be free if you are killed before being born 
Oh boy
Ugh. Bernie.. u r so wrong in so many ways..
Not true! Many times in my life I had trouble affording food or went without med or health insurance and I always felt free
Not the party of pro life only forced birth. Party of hate led by a maniac.
Can I borrow $10,000,000?
How free is it if one owns 3 luxury homes and says one is a socialist?
So get government OUT and let COMPETITION drive UP quality and DOWN prices.
With all your money you and your wife raked in, why not put it toward healthcare for others since u want it so badly
That's not freedom! Freedom is having choice! Socialize med does not work! Then get out of the way and out of health care u screwed it up!
Bernie! Bernie! Have u noted Venezuela? They had what u want and now they have NOTHING. Hmmmmm.
Exactly what has happened to those paying for their families & everyone else. Your right. No freedom in #Obamacare. Plus taxed if don't buy!
Yes Obamacare is so wonderful... Arizona's premiums up 117% ... Anthem pulling out of Ohio ...A growing list have one health insurer
If you are truly poor, you get healthcare & food stamps in America.
Yo Bernie we celebrate #Independenceday2017 not dependence day on #big government @slone @Cernovich @PrisonPlanet @PrisonPlanet @AllenWest
Bernie let me point out something U deny...U can't have freedom or choice unless U have LIFE. something U & the dems deny 2 babies Aborted.
Bernie have you gone out in the community to ask and see why they can't afford these things? How much is self imposed by bad behavior?
You wanna tax our asses of and throw us on government cheese and health care. No thanks
Seem to be talking about something different here.  Your Frankenstein monster raised deductibles and premiums ridiculously. You are the con.
Or if your party rigs its primaries.
How much did Jane pay her daughter to teach a woodworking class?  $500,000?  How many poor could be fed & treated?
Republicans talk a lot about freedom and choice. But you cannot truly be free if you can't afford health care or food or medicine.
There is a difference in healthcare and health insurance. Neither of which have anything to do with Freedom! Shut. Up.
more  from #1 er! #FraudBernie
No freedom unless government tells you what to do.
Please send me a check for $100,000 to cover my medical care for the next few years. If you don't, you are a liar and a hypocrite.
How are you MORE free if the government forces you to pay for my dinner?
Free me from the bonds of your terrible ideas & policies.
It must be nice to go through life spouting about "fairness", with no regard for consequences of creating it.
Freedom in the Republican sense (i.e. correct sense) means you're free from force.  It does not mean you're free from bad circumstances.
This is openly fucking delusional
sell all your homes Bernie and give your money to those people
Bernie, didn't you forget housing, transportation, telephone, internet service, etc.. forget about being self-sufficient, taxpayers will pay
Hey @SenSanders I used to have health care and be able to afford my medicines before #Obamacare, I no longer can. So now what?
You can't be free if the govt controls your life. Land of the free to solve our own problems. Please let us!
You're not very smart. The govt redistributing everything isn't freedom. Ps, bank fraud
If they want free choice, why do they restrict my options???
I can't afford Obamacare. Even if I could, I couldn't use it due to extraordinary high premiums.  Your answer is?
Free Market Economy Mr Sanders... 
Economics 101
How "free" can you be if the state takes half your income without your consent?
@FoxNews what's the matter. No guts to do a show on how they managed to acquire their fortunes.
But how can the productive people be free if they are force to provide stuff for the non-producers ?
How's the FBI investigation?
Yes you can.  Being able to afford something has absolutely nothing to do with freedom
But ur not free if government pays for that ur a slave
Where is this socialist utopia and why haven't you moved there?
Socialists talk a lot about freedom and choice but you cannot truly be free if you can't afford at least three homes #Trump2020
Kinda like the ones you & your wife deceived?
Right! He has not changed a damn thing.the standard of living goes on up but jobs pay the same! The president does not even address a plan!
Whether we like it or not,economics of this nation R hurting everyone but millionaires. We can't even fire bad fed contractors! @BarackObama
¿Esto es en los EEUU y cacarean de Venezuela? xD en EEUU pagan hasta por ir al baño.
Be the Adult. Stop misrepresenting to youth. U know US cannot afford anymore entitlements.  US over extended on existing obligations. Shame
Maybe if all the socialist countries u speak so highly of didn't have socialized medicine we'd have more affordable care in the US
yes were free, free to work and make our own choices....and free to do right. I know falling on deaf FRAUD ears. ur corrupt dude.
Maybe stop doing things that raise the cost of good and services.  Thanks.
You said we have too many choices for deodorant
Are you really free if someone else is providing food and healthcare for you ???
Spoken like a true Socialist millionaire hypocrite. Enjoy jail.
Bernie maybe you should give up your mansions or 172,000 audi to help pay for health care. After all politicians only make 160,000 a year.
Under socialism you can’t be free.
Or if you have too choose between the 3, because that isn't really a choice. When will corps realize a healthy worker is more productive.
You know you always point the finger at every one else. How about looking at Congress's performance. Pretty pathetic & non productive.
Ironically, I only started not being able to afford my health plan after ObamaCare was enacted.
How are those fraud charges going?
Bernie, Your party and some so called republicans are destroying our Country right before our eyes.   Enough! will fight
I had health insurance till obamascare took effect. Became unaffordable and resulted in receiving fines so GFUS
You can't truly be free if you work your ass off and all the money you make is going to pay for McDonalds employee's free shit
Uou should worry more on the investigations you and your wife is involved in.
My parents, siblings lived fine w/o gov aid, both my parents worked hard 2 provide us with the bare necessities & taught us 2B self reliant
you can't truly be free if you are ripped from your mother's womb before birth! To the tune of 900,000 a year!  #AllLivesMatter
I agree. A government-regulated market for health care that subsidizes large insurers and medical groups will never allow affordable choice.
Anyone who looks to gov to provide food, healthcare & meds will never be free.
And getting food and medicine is easier if you sell your soul to Hillary and have your wife commit bank fraud

You have a design flaw in your version of freedom, socialism is not it
No one will ever APPRECIATE something that is given to them FREE over and over. Everyone needs to pay something.
Freedom... at the point of a gun is hardly freedom Senator. What house are you tweeting this from anyway?
Thank you Bernie Sanders for standing up and pointing that out! Resist!
#FUD #FakeNews #SocialismIsForRetards
Free doesn't mean well taken care of by others.  It means free to succeed or fail.
Since there is no such thing as 'enough' healthcare, this rationale allows to complain endlessly doesn't it Bernie?
You're free 2 buy health insurance or free 2 do without it. 2 b free means 2 keep government out of my life.
You're free to get a job and EARN those things. What you advocate is more free benefits for the lazy.
then move to a free country like Bravos
Why pretend you care? You tried evicting disabled ppl from their group home!!
Your word crimes are the same as the serpent's in Garden of Eden-redefine and reinterpret terms (like freedom)--Old lies cloaked by 'caring'
Why you senator keep on speaking this nonsense why do not you move to a communist country like Cuba or Valenzuela u can be a king there
So until ObamaCare no one was ever Free?? Did Freedom on this planet begin with ObamaCare? Were Slaves trying to overcome HealthCare issues?
Like Venezuela you crook?
I know this is difficult for you. I think you need some practice. It's you're.
Hey Bernie you made a ton of money last year how about selling some of your many homes and give it to a vet
Да
You can't be free if the Government controls food or healthcare, want to be free get a job, work your ass off and be really good at it.
I can't be truly free unless I have you're BEACH HOUSE!!I'mm DM you my address send the keys!
You make zero sense
You took away my parents health insurance. You made insurance more expensive. U made the problem go from bad to worse.
Wow Bernie sounds like socialism would solve your problem. But your habits show your a capitalist.  How's your Clinton house on the lake.
When you and your comrades confiscate my money and redistribute it to those you deem worthy of it, am I truly free?
How's that investigation going, you old crook?
You can't be free if you have to depend on government handouts all your life.
So you are apologizing for giving us the ACA then. As it has made everything listed unaffordable.
Freedom is Liberty something you know nothing about. Free food and medicine is called socialism, progressivism, German idealism from Europe.
Exactly Bernie, it's why we kicked you, Killary, & Barry to the curb..Americans could not afford HC premiums, food & medicine under the Dems
That is a ridiculous statement.
It's good to know you're doing your part. You're so wonderful!
#njshutdown
We see what you did there.  Equating healthcare as a necessity to life like food is ridiculous.  How on earth did people live before HMOs?
You talk to much!  Perhaps you need to spend time with your wife before you both go to prison
I know just ask Venezuela, I could afford Healthcare before ACA, which you voted for and don't want repealed. $6,500 deductible.
So what your saying is Socialism is the answer. We all know how that turned out.
HEARTLESS Jane Sanders Tried EVICTING Disabled Residents http://truthfeed.com/heartless-jane-sanders-tried-evicting-disabled-residents/86932/ … via @truthfeednews
BS , true socialist
How does it feel to be under FBI investigation for fraud?How r we going to afford entitlement we have on books? Explain how? Like Venezuela
Then stop taking our hard earned income and wasting it on your failed ideology.
Let's start a new party, the patriots.  Trump is destroying our democracy and no one is aware. Can't we get that message out.
"cant afford healthcare" How do you get the right 2 ruin my family's health care in order to "help" another? Is my famliy not as important?
So if you give it to them by stealing from others then they are free? Therefore, the people who paid for these services are not free?
