We must pass it, to know what's in it.  Sound familiar
I already lost my healthcare thanks to the ACA!! #RepealAndReplace
Like Obamacare did
What can you do to stop it?
Vote. And not only in presidential elections.
I think the health care bill is going to be voted on(without public hearings) before the next national election, so that doesn’t really help
Yes. Still it wouldn't have gotten to this point if people would take the time to educate themselves and vote is all elections.
@LisaMcCormickNJ Are you talking about the millions that cost me $800 a month with a $12.5k ded for a family of 4...?!?!?!
Liar!
Because Obamacare must DIE!
Thank you for always standing up for the American people!
Sorry I don't like Scamsurance. And I don't want to be forced to pay for it. And taxing me for others healthcare as well as my own ..no
Under the word "tenacious" in the dictionary there should be a picture of yuo!
Why won't Democrats hold hearings on Hillary, Lynch, and Obama? Most hard working Americans will withdraw from Obamacare if they can.
Sell a couple of your homes and you can send it to me.  I promise I'll use it for healthcare.
Keep it up!! Bernaste. I'm gathering up the people of the People's Summit and I have a feeling we will be a force. We the people
ACA went through multiple committee hearings, votes, markups... all sorts of hoops. This bill is going to be pushed to CBO then voted on.
Point is... if this bill is worth passing it shouldn't be done in complete and total secrecy... which is exactly what they are doing with it
Pelosi said you have to pass the bill to find out what's in it. Look at video you libtards. Why does a socialist have 3 houses?
Shameless GOP . Crimes against humanity.
All Americans should have the privilege to Way in on "Any" health care bill.
I appreciate your fighter spirit, love it! Thank you bernie. Thank you for puting your fight and put it in the light to us
Youre asking questions that should have been answered when ACA was passed before reading it,according to Pelosi. I can keep my dr, yes?
Because greedy Democrats like Bernie Sanders will simply load up the healthcare Bill with #ObamaCare amendments… @TheDemocrats
I don't remember any hearingson obamacare
Didn't Obama do the same thing?  You're such a hypocrite Bernie.
You didn't cry when Obama did but you'll cry about Trump doing it. 
It's like the democrats in 2009 all over again.
Bernie why didn't the dems hold meetings instead of shoving down our throats
Hold hearing is all you do. It is not healthcare it is healthcare insurance and you can get that by showing up to any hospital or ER.
Better question yet, why you pushed ACA knowing many would lose their plans due to higher premiums? Blame yourselves, fool.
just go away with your communistic ideas , nobody's listening , oh right maybe your supporters like the Alexandria shooter? but he is dead
Keep up the good fight! You for president, Joe Kennedy for vp and groom him for president. We need new blood and old wisdom BOTH! Go Bernie!
Yes because Venezuela is such a nice place to live
Yes, Venezuela is lovely. So is Russia...and, fortunately, if we give this lunatic enough rope, he'll have us living just like folks there do...and won't that just be wonderful, wonderful.
@repdonyoung @lisamurkowski @AKSenateDems @AKCoalition @AKSenMajority @AKCoalition @AKIndDems I beg you all protect Alaskans vote this down!
In all seriousness, I truly and really believe that they want the sick, poor and elderly to just go die so they don't have to deal with us.
..and why they take millions from the "healthcare insurance" industry... ^..^
, sir, I have come up with a nickname for you. I hope you like it. "Brooklyn Bulldog!"
To take away Healthcare for so many people who need it is unethical and inhumane on so many levels
Healthcare is something everyone should have to pay for. I don't want to pay for lazy ass Laquisha and Tyrone because they wont find work
Well he is actually culpable according to many judges in this country...
thus shooting targeted at GOP. They are pure cruel... blood on their hands.
My daughter lost healthcare under Obamacare you fool!! Why don't you car about us!!!
What kind of country doesn't even give basic healthcare to its citizens?
Hypocrit - you didn't
Why is mainstream media not reporting this? #BoycottMSM #BernieCare
bs bernie you voted for ahca, are you using ahca for you and your family?  If not, you are the biggest hypocrite on earth!!!
They took the #TrumpLoyaltyPledge
Why don't you talk about that essay you wrote on how women fantasize about being raped by 3 men at once? FACT
Because, like their maggot leader, clandestine meetings are easier to facilitate their murderous programs than facing Congress or the public
If they push this through....
they're not "taking h/c from millions" - most of those ppl would ELECT not to have ins once they're no longer required to have it.
You know very well that those millions are the same people who did not have and do not want to pay for medical insurance.
? No health care taken as yet!  What r u smoking in ur pipe, bs bernie?
It's going to fail, it's already in a death spiral.  We're sick of your inflammatory rhetoric.
They won't hold hearings because they can't defend of justify #Trumpcare
Shut up old fool.  You pay for your zombies medical insurance cause I sure don't want to support anyone.
They are mean spirited! They enjoy living off our tax money, but they want to make sure Americans don't receive the same benefits.
Ya Bernie?! What about the millions that can afford obumer care? And even if they buy it they can't afford to use it. What about them Bernie
#TrumpRepublicanCreatedThisEnvironment: SecurityLaxUnderTrump:
#RepublicanConsciousBeTheirGuide:Trump estray leadership along with his yes boss choir, created a intra aggressive attitudes on both sides. 
8 years senator
...
Prove you deserve time...
WHY DIDNT THE DEMOCRATS HOLD HEARINGS???? Hell the son of a bitches didn't even read it themselves before passing it!!! Then they opted out
Bernie I'm not happy you voted for stupid Iran and Russia sanctions.  This is stupid shit you should distance yourself from. Be more Corbyn.
Ty Sen Sanders. What is going on behind closed doors in re: to healthcare will affect everyone. So 25 million American lives R expendable? 
@GeoffMiami  your republican colleagues today got prompt medical attention. If their healthcare isn't broke, what do they care?
Right here, the lies you fill your angry fans with that drives them to insanity & violence!
You mean like democrats who shoved their disaster of a bill down America's throat before they even read I'd it.
caps on.with sum young ones gowing up and down prom in blackpool looking for couples at it
looks exactly like sum pervs on the promenade on female bikes ages 60s! cycling of the speed of a 30 yr old! with Captain Birdseye.truth
Maybe for the same reason the Dems jammed Obama Disaster Care down our throats in the middle of the night before holidays. Fixed is in?
Your a fraud, a hypocrite and you pander to your followers. If you're so hell bent on a socialist society, distribute your wealth equally.
Question? Do u have body guards?
The people of this country are fed up with politicians not working for what's best for all we the people are the government
President Trump will take care of all people under the new healthcare plan. We don't need to waste taxpayers money on mindless hearings.
The NWO will not be in effect for another 12yrs at the very least. You may stop implementing the #AlinskyRulesForRadicals effect #MAGA #love
I read Obamacare. It was intended to hoodwink the masses when the NWO took effect in 2017. But God interrupted the globalists plans.
Did the democrats do that with that farce Obamacare
Flood the house and senate
Kind of like what the left did to the whole country when they forced the ACA on us.
If you had any type of intelligence you'd realize when u don't mandate ur going 2 have adults choosing not to pay 4 healthcare. Catch a clue
STOP LYING!! Obamacare is a complete failure!! We were fine until govt stuck its nose in where it doesn't belong! No govt healthcare system
Their ONLY concern is tax breaks for the wealthy. One thing good out of this is that ppl finally realize universal is the only solution.
Why don't you seem to care about those who lost health care,  jobs,  businesses under the ACA @SenSanders
You mean the millions that would not buy it if they weren't penalized?!
I have little faith in what they can come up with.
Like Obamacare did? And you made yourself exempt. Hipocrite.
Sick'em Bernie!!!!
We love you Bernie.  Good to know you care about ALL Americans. #Healthcare #StopGOP
Paul Ryan stated we are all united I think he meant to tell McConnell to invite Democrats to the healthcare panel can't wait to see him lead
Just tell your boys to whack'em,that's how socialism is
Always a gun at the back of the agenda
Standing in bread lines,good grunted an idiot
They should just pass it and see wants in it later
I'm not understanding why the AHCA can't be fixed or improved, rather than scrapped and replaced with something that excludes so many? 
Because your side will try to destroy anything that isn't a step toward forcing all 325 million Americans into the same insurance pool
Why didn't yall eight years ago? You're probably the biggest hypocrite in Congress
Maybe they just don't want any obstruction! It's all the democrats appear to be good for these days. No ideas or positive direction. Denial!
This bill is if passed will destroy lives of millions of americans.  The republicans dont care though as long as there is big profit.
Bernie why did the Dems have to pass the obamacare before everyone could see what was in it? Such hypocrits!
Trump is like a Simpson's Show in real life
Bernie Sanders would make a great President rather than to Donald Trump. Bernie Sanders is a great man who understands Americans
Amen
I think they need to hold hearings on the hate speech of @BernieSanders @SenSchumer sens& @NancyPelosi and end the violence they spread.
You didn't shed one socialist tear when oboma broke the laws of the United States constitution by making insurance a government tool!
Probably for the same reason that @NancyPelosi  told us that we had to " pass the bill to see what's in it" with the Obama care.
My wife had her gall bladder removed last week. Operating theatre had 3 doctors and 3 nurses. Total cost? $10 parking.
Mike, Canada.
All the Democrats contribute is to say no. They're mad that Obamacare was such a failure.
Under Obamacare I lost my insurance so I could pay for illegals and lazy jobless people. Anything is a step up #socialismsucks #maga
A policy that pays something after you pay the first 10-15k is not a healthcare policy.
why didn't Obama? Why did he ram it through on Christmas on Christmas eve? Hypocrite dem
Your "brown shirt" followers should find a job & learn to respect our Constitution. Then Congress would have time for REAL business.
people are angry being lied too time after time; GOP needs to ease american's pains and consent worries, restoring back any dignity
Repeal is easy. Replacing it with cost effective system is the challenge.
No politician, right, left or media talks about cutting COST. Why?
Rush to it without a vote? sound familiar?
Criminal. They must be stopped despite their efforts to hide their corruption.
John Cassidy of @NewYorker:  "Enacting the American Health Care Act would deplete the Medicare Trust Fund."  It's even worse than you think.
Russipublicans are not interested in transparency and being honest with the people. The only ones they are interested in is satisfying corps
What about YOU? What the he'll are you doing for me?  Not a Damn thing - retire!
Why won't you quit whining your dribble? You're 2 for 2 and your lying media said the 1st one was a Trump Supporter but he LOVED U 2
what do you have to say to the MILLIONS of Americans that lost healthcare because of Obamacare!  You are a joke! Get a new plan
If truly against violence, pols should look at violence by bill. Jerrymandering democracy away is violence. So's legislating in darkness.
Sir in all fairness you all had to pass Obama's insurance plan in order just to find out what was in it, get together make this work somehow
Another blank statments 
You know why. What positive thing
Would happen???

The mighty pervert speaks and he thinks we forgot about his pornographic writing history what a fool what a perverse Man who thinks of this 
#ObamaCare--took health care away from millions! And overly burdened those who had it with high costs--which were not present before.
Repubs don't want want hearings as that would expose their "health" plan as the latest big tax cut fit the already wealthy.
This is the truth.
BS. Obamacare took it it from millions and FORCED them onto Obamacare. You point fingers at everyone else for lying, yet you exclude truth.
they should hold a hearing on you
Why did democrats have to pass it before we could read it?
Like the transparency the Democrats had with their bill? We just need to pass it so you can find out what is in it.
HERE IS THE REASON WHY #VAShooting - LIES!!!  
MILLIONS of AMERICANS are NOT GOING TO DIE!!!!!!!
KNOCK IT OFF WITH HATE & LIES!!
STOP IT!!!!
Why won't your supporters stop killing people?
Same question we had about Obamacare before it was forced on us all
What have u done to help there burn
Bernie
why sow so much hate and take away people's health care
Why don't the House & Senate have to be on ObamaCare like everyday Americans!
#transparency
Sounds familiar.  Obamacare ring a bell, anyone?
This stuff needs to stop! Look what happened this morning. Your followers are taking this literally
Because the Democrats keep stirring the pot of distraction.
nancy pelosi's famous last words
#TheMoneyMen do NOT enjoy #CloseScrutiny. They do THEIR "Work" in #DarkPlaces, inside your walls, cracks in your foundations, your #FEAR!
Stop inciting it!
Violence doesn't come only in the form of guns.
Being honest, I mostly watch to hear Bernie say "outrageous." Gets me everytime.

The victims of Obamacare insurance companies fleeing states, premiums sky high! Obama/Dems/you are to blame, not GOP. This is on you!
Because of the tax cuts they don't want the public to know they're gonna lose their healthcare. This is very personal
Bernie again controlled by DNC saying what he's told a bought and paid for person,dishonest etc . Needs 2get out go live in his Clinton home
Why have you not denounced your supporter who just tried to kill dozens of elected officials after listening to your revolution hate speech?
The new TRANSPARENCY in the swamp!
The Obama administration set the example. Speaking for myself Obamacare put me into Obamapoverty
.@RoyBlunt -R, care to respond? You are one of my Senators. Try answering your phone while we're at it. #Trumpcare is cruel.
Many of us with pre-existing conditions can NOT afford Obamacare or earn about $100 too much for medicaid. Our programs need reformed!
You're going to be worse off under this plan I guarantee you that much.
Perhaps they can't explain why every damn thing they do favors corporate interests over the people. I imagine it's a hard pitch to sell.
Because they want us to die?
They don't have time Bernie. Too busy attending witch hunt hearings brought on by your party.
please stop all the criticism.  This shooting is the last straw.  It's time to work together and do your job.
14 hours ago was your last tweet. The tragedy this morning and you have no words for those injured at the GOP softball practice? Really?!
Because this Russian witch hunt brought to you by your friends, is sucking everyones time and energy!
Spent yest trying to get Auth for my delusional dad for SNF. We shouldn't have to worry $ when our family is in trouble. #worstdayofmylife
Clown show
Vs forcing people to buy bad policies they don't want? Police state is your goal
I have to buy my Medications in Canada or in the Caribbean (Dutch) islands in bulk. I can afford to be robbed by the large Drug Companies.
Bernie  you are right. All heath care needs to be TRANSPARENT including the piece or trash we have now.
