The @BernieSanders of 2003 sounds exactly like the Bernie Sanders of today 
Exactly. So stop dividing democrats. Just stop. I voted for you once, but you are now dividing the left.
Nope. The Dems have joined the Repubs to try to divide us up —and they just succeeded with you.  @jimmy_dore
Nope. Trump is the only one who has succeeded, because we are divided.
Obama was the Divider in Chief. Socialists like Sanders thrive on division as they foment class warfare that matches their political agenda
Where you get that from
Just listen to socialists. They demonize high income people as if they did something wrong to be successful.
Yeah, most high income people probably did do something wrong along the way.
That's a loser mentality that smacks of sour grapes.
Why was that not a rule when U encouraged your Berniebots to say terrible things about Hillary? U divided us.
Give me a quote in which he expressly encouraged his supporters "to say terrible things about Hillary."
We all begged him over & over to tell them to stop.His response was to say that Hillary's ideas were weaker than his.Tacit approval of them.
So you have NO quote. Nice sidestep. BYE!
Yes he does ... a socialist that believes in magic dust
Huh? You think social democracies like Finland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Netherlands are thriving so well on… "magic dust"?
Most of those countries do not describe themselves as "socialist"
And they are mostly white, so they don't have to deal with racial bias.
Y'think? And yet multiple tweeps have indundated this thread to point out the many problems they're having because of muslims.
He has never wavered from his truth in all these year-Nor sold out to the Money-Men
Except for the beach house and his wife swindling a college.
The beach house he got with $$ from the sale of his wife's family home. That beach house?
Prove it! Lets see more tan 1 year taxes oh and BTW he still has not turned it his last campaign FEC
PDX- Perhaps you should focus on current events & be useful. Here is a great place to start. Have a great day!
And that People's Platform is great— great website too: https://summerforprogress.com/platform  
PDX- Your anger would be put to better use in actually doing than spouting off twitter hate. I am no fan of HRC but I still act & not hate
Oh, I act. I do ,my part and if you want to see hate go to a Bernie board like http://www.jackpineradicals.com 
You shouldn't talk about yourself like that people might think your nuts wait you are
Wait, didn't @HillaryClinton do that to you?

This is the most hypocritical crazy bernie tweet of all time
Like you?
Well we have a particular politician trying to get us killed at the moment
You are dividing us, Bernie. If you do not want to support the principles of our constitution, LEAVE.  #lovemypresident
The old man who quit on his supporters then kept their money, typical trash
Bernie, your entire twitter feed is dividing us against our President! You're a fraudulent career politician! We need term limits now!

The king of identity politics lectures on dividing ... that's just funny
He brought a large number of voters back to the political process. A fraudulent process too but grateful to have more awake ppl to talk with
I give Bernie credit for being honest about his socialism. He's wrong on how things would work out like all other places have proven.
For me, Senator Sanders has discussed more relevant issues in 3 yrs than Obama's or Clinton's did during combined total of 16 yrs in the WH
I can't disagree with that. It's his socialist resolve that he's wrong on. It won't work. Never has. It's a pipe dream that only looks good
Capitalism and compassion can co-exist
what? you said that? you are a divider
Speaking as a coward you should know
SATAN TRIES TO DEVIDE US GOD BRINGS US TOGETHER!
GOD http://HAS.SAY.IN  EVERYTHING!'REMEMBER THAT!
NO FAITH IN OTHERS! AND NO FAITH IN MYSELF !GOD HAD FAITH IN ME !AND CHANGED ME!
AFTER EATING PIZZA THAT'S HOW I WAS ABLE TO DO 40  DAYS
Stronger Together? Feel like I've heard that somewhere before......
the difference is, bernie stands for actual policy to back it up, he doesn't just say vague platitudes.
And what actual policy has he enacted? I'll wait
Yes, let's remember how hard it is for a white male, from New England, who's been in government for 40 years 
I see you casually ignored my reply. He has accomplished more than anyone else. He was dubbed the Amendment King for god sakes.
Love you Bernie
Thank you Bernie for consistency in message and integrity
Tell me again how he wasn't elected for president?!  I voted for him in my state. I was so mad tons of my friends were too lazy to vote!
Dismantle the heavy burden that is bureaucracy. 

There is s reason why D.C. overwhelmingly rejected Trump....

Self preservation!
Be genuine Bernie. Support our democratically elected POTUS each day. U can promote your own agenda during your next campaign
What about dumb politicians trying to turn us into Venezuela?
That's nice. What you don't realize is we're not on that road. Not even remotely close. 

Single payer is not socialism.  Get a clue.
You think the only govt control Bernie advocates is healthcare? And you think I need a clue? Hmmm
I have no issue with regulations. They keep corporate greed in check. 

People over corporations. Sorry you don't agree.

Ayn Rand shit? No thanks!

Alt-right nutjob fodder there. 

Tin hats abound!

Whatever!!!  Are you a prepper, too??
Bernie's cool but Nobel laureate represents nutjob thinking?
calling bernie a communist is probably the stupidest thing you could do politically.
Sad that the people who would most gain from single payer don't understand it.
Run again please. 
Exactly. So stop working against our president, and work with him. We are stronger when we stand together
It's not merely politicians dividing us, Sen Sanders. It's also social justice and identity politics divvying us by race, sex & orientation.
I think he is too radical for words!
And, how's that been working so far? I guess the millions of voices from U.S. citizens in opposition of trump just go unheard.
Brockbots out there say, "I regret voting Bernie. He's changed." I've listened to him since '92, and he hasn't changed a bit in that time.
YOU are trying to divide us up!! Stop criticizing democrats, and start your own party.
Dems deserve criticism.  They are Republicans in sheep's clothing.  When was the last time they actually delivered on a major issue?
Oh brother. When's the last time sanders delivered on anything? He is a shark in sheep's clothing and brought a bunch of sheep with him.
At least he stands for something!

When he introduces Single Payer, maybe you'll see the light.
Stands for basking in the limelight of sheep shouting his name just like trump. Got rich, wrote a book & criticizes endlessly. No thanks.
Guess the content doesn't mean anything, only the delivery. 

Facts, anyone?

Sad.
Certainly you are brave. I wouldn't have the guts to promote income redistribution while owning 3 homes.
LOVE YOU BERNIE! KEEP UP  THE WISDOM BRO!
The GOP does not want us united - they want us divisive so they can move more toward authoritarian state
Ah 2003 brings back so many good memories
True. So why don't you say this to Pelosi and Waters face to face?
Take an economics class and I might just listen to you.
#StillSanders #StillPissed #DNCFraudLawsuit
Amen Bernie!
You talking about yourself Bernie?
U didn't watch it
You divide us... I wish you would really take and honest look at yourself... I want to like you...but
Goodbye!  Enjoy your family.
Or some self-centered bigot that never grew up possibly making us all sound like illiterate Hillbillies for having
Elected somebody who never grow up
Yeah stand together for Socialism but the Dems hate America, People unless subjects. You cretons are absolute devils
Cowarly politician u are one to talk. Ban bernie sanders term limits. 20 years is long enough and ur still there. Just wait term limits come
He's the most popular politician n america & broke records n his home state so he is democracy at its finest.Popular is supposed 2win & stay
Wow! That's how the Republicans won the votes of those poor white kids I went to elementary with - on one topic anti-abortion
Then how do u stand yourself
Well BS, you are one of those cowardly politicians we call liberals who spend your days on Twitter trying to do exactly that. So now what?
Like dividing us by class?  Against "millionaires and billionaires".  LOL!  #hypocrite
Voice of reason amidst all the turmoil
Your rhetoric of stealing from the rich to give to the poor has not changed. That's why you provide no solution for jobs.
All you want is for more illegals to flood this country to get more votes instead of lowering taxes to stimulate this economy.
Don't run in 2020
Said the guy who lambasted anyone who mistook him for a Democrat, before he ran as a Democrat, then left the Democratic party after losing.
The working class would be stronger if we relied only on our own organizations and parties—and the Dems aren't a workers' party. #DemExit
That's right. Be quiet.
Like obama divided everyone by race, religion, gender and economic standing? The great divide is the progressives foothold on the US.
Which is why you didn’t even win your primary. Wifey couldn’t fraud that away from a bigger fraud in Hillary.
Thank you Senator Sanders
Mister @SenSanders i'm so sorry for your #country ! I would prefer you to become the #President of the United States of #America. #Peace
You are a wise man Bernie!
You mean like you are?
Since YOU are the best example ever of "cowardly politician", you know all too well.
#Resign #BankFraudBernie
Like your self, Bernardo?  How u enjoying your "selling your soul to Hillary- your master money"?
Thanks for the warning about you
Love it and will share Wiz my Kenyan neighbors
Says the guy that sold his base out for a beach house
Thanks for the cliche..
@BernieSanders you use division. Everything you said goes both ways. The Dems divide just as much as the  republicans. .
Hillary always has said and did it first. #StrongerTogether
You are a true hero Bernie.
Fucking Ghost of Christmas Past, Present, and Future all rolled up into one here.
Cowardly like those who bend to the Clinton machine?  Got you a vacay manse out of it, at least
I've said it before & I'll say it again.....
You were robbed Bernie.
Divide us up?  Like how?  Perpetuating envy and class warfare and selling communism...I mean..."SOCIALISM" as a viable answer?
Isn't that what you and Killery tried and you both got your ass handed to you. We are United #MAGA

That was Hillary Clinton's campaign motto. "Stronger Together". You could have tried harder to follow that during and after the campaign.
That is an inane statement coming from a cowardly 'politician' whose sole purpose is to divide us up into 2 classes & drive a 1% hate wedge
hes been there for decades. and nothing
Bernie when are you going to tell the truth about Hillary Clinton
Divide us up? Like taking the earnings of ppl with a job and giving those earnings to snowflakes pursuing an education in restroom identity?
Crooked bernie sold out for a house while his wife robbed a college!
Bernie knows something about dividing us.
Erm...you do realize you pretty much just ironically described your career, right?
Our American Party ( OAP ) http:// http://www.ouramericanparty.org  is needed badly to change our politics.
Awesome clip!
you are the cowardly politician trying to divide us. So you should be resigning. Thank you 
Hippocratic BS
Says the man who caved to Hillary and bought himself a summer house. Riiiiight
WTH! Obama and the Dems have been dividing this Country for years. And you think after that we'd put a socialist in office? No.
Looks identical too. What wizardry is this, #Merlin?
The first true statement you've ever said about yourself.
Wasn't that a Sol Alynsky tactic?
Agreed! Thank God Obama is no longer POTUS
Good Sir Vermont you brought this rot onto us with u an ur minions and now the world is going to die bc of it. Now you need to do something
You should be a Republican then...because all Democrats do is divide everybody into segments.  #fuckinghypocrite
That's exactly what you do Bernie with your class warfare. Get off your high horse hypocrite!
LMAO And both are tremendous fools.
So in other words kids.....when people have different opinions other than mine .... it's anti woman , minorities and racist!!! Thank you.
you're a swamp creature go away bern.
You're right. STOP DIVIDING US!
Cowardly, that's urparty, as wl as crooks, creeps, thieves, Antifa, Commis, Athiest, Flag Burners w peeps i.e.  Waters, Clinton, Pelosi Schu
We're a stronger country when we call out election fraud by 1 of our own political parties, rather than endorsing cheaters.U should try it
Projection alert.
Bank Fraud
@nowthisnews @BernieSanders we are stronger without you !
You're one of those politicians.
@nowthisnews @BernieSanders I think that would b you Bernie, a cowardly politician and a huge fraud!
Yeah, Bernie, so get the hell out of the way and let real representatives take your seat and stand for the American people.
You mean when Maxine Waters says she's ready for a black political party
Or corrupt ones that rig primarys and share classified material on private servers. Those people are just deplorable types
But but you are politician...
Bernie we are seriously divided.  Conservatives value the complete opposite of liberals, liberal value the very things I despise.
That is true Bernie......so sit down. Please
Milton Friedman put you in your place.  Stay in it.
So which of your numerous houses is your favorite. #DoAsISayNotAsIDo
Bern, you divided 'us' up when you bought your $600K beach house after you threw your election bit ~ i can't make it into your neighborhood!
" A Bunch Of Certified Cowards "!
But that's just what Hillary did.
This is the real #BankFraudBernie
Coming from a fraud that owns three homes and preaches socialism
Oh like you do #crazyunckebernie
You are the coward Bernie and I definitely will not let you divide anything up because you'll always keep the bigger half.
So take your own advice and shut up #BankFraudBernie
Does this idiot not know everything can't be given to you for free
Cowardly politicians like YOU Bernie... Afraid to stand up to #CrookedHillary corruption... Obama's incompetence
Do you even know what you're saying I think senility has set in!
So says a very crooked Communist / Socialist!
If you're trying to slyly separate yourself from cowardly politicians, it won't work
Well Bernie, stop being a coward and stand by the elected President!
Hard to stay focused, Bernie.  I'm wearing down.  Getting so cynical.  Please keep fighting the good fight!
Division is exactly what the democrats do !
so then shut up and it won't keep happening
To bad your for open borders amnesty for the invaders free health care for all and education.
Repeat this over and over to yourself #BankFraudBernie
Your party, starting with Obama, divided us. I'm assuming that's the politicians you're speaking of. Ha!
Stronger Together eh?  Gonna rerun that losing message.  Jobs jobs jobs baby!
Says the cowardly politician that tries to divide us.
Then why are you dividing the country with your innuendos.
Speaking about your liberal cronies I'm sure
Then are you finally going to tell the truth about who was hacking? #AwanBrothers #DNCFraudLawsuit #ProtectTheBecks
Like #Barry did!
But you continue to caucus with the very party that divides us into as small of a group as possible. SO your words are meaningless.
Love u so much
We are stronger when we defeat liberals.
Really as you stand there as one of those politicians
Are you kidding? Hypocrite! Sell 2 houses & get a Chevy like avg Americans!
I'll never stand with communists or liberal hate machines harbouring illegals, nor globalists that want our sovereignty. Never.
Well than WHY DO YOU KEEP TRYING TO DIVIDE?  #BANKFRAUDBERNIE
Bernie, do you read this shit before you post it? Dude, you are very divisive. I would never vote for you. Go away!
Cowardly, you talking about Obama again? You know he hates when you talk mean about him. Looking for another house?
Venezuela
It seems like you've only divided the country even more with your hyperbole righteous indignation on your social politics. Stop the divide
Oh like u??
Ur full of s___t
U were bought off by Hillary after she screwed U
...
Everything a leader should be, ask not what your country can do for you....
The youth easy to convince that socialism is the way to go!
They don't even know what socialism means!  Looks great on paper, does not work
Bernie Sanders, professional grifter.
More government telling us how to live, eat, sleep, healthcare, what doc to see, how to breath! Bernie and men like him love the youth.
Ironic since most of your tweets are divisive.
Agreed! Start by getting rid of that racist Maxine Waters.
Una lección extraordinaria que revela tácticas conocidas y usadas en todo el orbe.
Bernie. Shut. Up. You are the divider.
Don;t you have a bank to defraud?
Hey Bern, speaking of cowardly, how is that investigation into you and your wife's bank fraud? It takes balls to tell the truth.
So true Bernie , our next POTUS
Grandpa!!!
Like the way you divide rich and poor?!
Is Bernie bringing people together when he says "Blame the 1% for all your problems"?
@HuffPost @politico  Has been socialists don't change their heir tune
Then stop trying to primary Democrats who don't believe 100% of what you do.


