I can walk into a clinic or hospital as fast as I can type this tweet.And walk out with no bill. You’ve been lied to.Or u refuse to believe
My mom went to her doctor with hearing issues; saw an audiologist within a week and had her hearing aid a week later....
I will stay with the “flawed” Canadian system. Thank u very much.
And we like NOT having to choose between bankruptcy and dying....
My taxes will be unaffordable, I will be poor on begging for money on the street.
I broke a toe in Florida. Paid $700 for an x ray and bandage. Waited 3 hours for a doctor to see me. Wished I was home

nobody wants free stuff, medicare for all is funded by taxation instead of paying insurance premiums.
Uh, the video says "no cost for medical care in Canada." You just said there's a cost through taxation. Which is it?
And we spend less per patient than USA does because of our system.
Are you honestly this ignorant?
It's a fact
Your ignorance? Oh, don't worry...I believe you.
Do you want links to see healthcare spending per capita, or you can just google it
I cry tears of joy when I realize Justin Trudeau is not my leader. Every morning.
Better than having Trump as your leader. Hes ruining our country.
In what manner do tell.
#wherewereyouduringobama
Getting rid of DACA. His Tax reform is awful. Hes gotten rid of regulations that help the middle class. And much more.
DACA is full of frauds. Those regulations were actually hurting production. 
#stopthepropaganda
How can something built to keep people here that grew up here be full of fruads? Seems kinda counter productive. Lpl

Were supposed to be the greatest country ! Our Health Insurance should be the same !!!
Not really interested in what Americans think about our health care. I never had a problem. Long waits are for elective surgeries only. 
It's my bet this is false information. In Canada Canadians pay tax. Out of Country People don't & will pay! Guaranteed.
Britain’s NHS Proposes Suspending Surgeries for Smokers and Obese Patients . See a trend?
Who pays for this wonderful care?
Already answered. LONG ago. Similar to how ALL other major nations pay for it. https://www.sanders.senate.gov/download/options-to-finance-medicare-for-all?inline=file …
I support it, but when it takes 9.7 weeks to see a specialist, it needs reform. - A dual US/Canadian citizen. @JustinTrudeau @SenSanders
USA should be ashamed to not have a health system like this.
#Canada is THE best! Right up there with #Norway! .@cafreeland @drgigiosler @DrMarthaGulati @janephilpott @NorwayUS @canada150th @stgert
Wow, totally not propaganda.
It has its pitfalls, long waits, rundown facilities, doctor shortage - little or no private pay options.
England always had robust private-pay option with "HARLEY STREET DOCTORS"
if you are rich &/or aristocrt / celebrity you go to one of them
Nothing is for free, ever. Let that sink in. Canadian "health care" is just as bad as American health care. It's all "treatments" vs "cures"
"Just as bad?" No - Canadian health care is worse
evidence? I had Canadian friend. She would rather go from NYC home to Canada if she needed medical attention.
Evidence? There is a cmaj study that shows mortality from heart attacks and cancer are higher in Canada, in part due to longer wait times
U can find some bs study for any argument u prefer... I’m a Canadian. I walk in, walk out. No bill. Healthy. 
The "bill" goes somewhere, it always has and it always will.
Just depends how many ppl have their hands out, and how big those hands are, between the patient and the doctor.
maybe the Nevada kook GOP lady candidate was RIGHT: is she the one who said we used to pay the doctor with chickens?
Nothing is free. We will pay.

But if we work as a country we can get much better prices for ourselves instead of lining insurances’ pockets
U don’t have to pay any more than u already do in taxes.... shift that tax money around... that’s what they don’t wanna discus.
They don’t want to talk about how having larger groups spreads risk and lowers cost. So why not a group of 330 million?
Knock it off Bernie They are paying for medical care with a high rate of taxes.Sheesh Bernie what's it gonna take for you to figure this out
It's astonishing how the wealthiest country in the world still doesn't have healthcare and pharmacare when they can afford both.
It doesn't work
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expectancy …
People (in first world counties) are living into their 90s and even hundreds on average.
This is only true in some instances. Used to be true man years ago but now if you're not Canadian you have to pay, unless you're a refugee.
I am not Canadian and I do no have to pay. I am a legal immigrant who pays taxes.
Right. but if u came across the border from the US & got sick you'd have 2 pay. Used 2 b people didn't, but they do now & have for a while.
True, but you'd still be treated. I know because it happened to me. Whats more is I am now covered with an existing condition.
Yes, but you still have to pay and it's not discounted. I know, as my son visited from the US & was hospitalized. Thousands of $$ in bills.
Not sure what this has to do with the over all point.
Then look at the video again. There aren't people who come over from abroad willy-nilly getting free med care.
She is talking about new immigrants not people visiting or crossing the border. It’s fair. If u don’t pay taxes, no free HC.
Ask them how high their taxes are ?   Nothing is free Bernie!
Na shut up!
They don't pay taxes either, right? Oh wait
Yes we pay taxes, as do u. Ours simply pay for health. Yours pays for bombs.
Bombs aren't free either!
Yes, Canada rations care so some have to wait.

America rations care also and those without the money wait forever.
Canada spends $4600 USD per person on health care (2016).  America spends $9800, including the millions without any coverage.
Imagine if Canada spent $9800 per person on our health care. We could build hospitals out of gold & serve champagne with patient meals.
You could get doctor choice and no waiting for surgery or care
So the Canadians reached post-scarcity!? Nonsense. Someone pays.
Yep, that's all this is. A lack of caring. And government cares the most. I mean they did a wonderful job with the VA a few years back.
The blokes across the pond don't have it figured out. The NHS starting to crack.
I don't put my faith in politicians. I tend to base my understanding on Economics, rather.
Bernie I bet your salivating over something like that, but the money must come from somewhere, taxes maybe,you sly 
Maybe that's the place to be, if you want I'll help you pack
do you know this is America ?
https://townhall.com/tipsheet/guybenson/2017/10/18/single-payer-nhs-va-n2396576?amp=true …

You gotta pay for it somehow.
In fact they're so happy about it that they come down to the border states to do all of their shopping as to avoid paying over 15% sales tax
Talk to the Canadian citizen's they will tell you a different story. Nothing is free, Venezuela Bernie, stop pushing your BS
I think they cry because they find out that they'll be put on a waiting list for treatment.
Look, the truth is we would have to pay for it. With our taxes. But I spent over $25,000 in health care costs last yr. Let's do it.
That's if they don't die waiting 6 hrs for emergency care
Either  we r more like #Canada or #move there or to #Germany. #American's will be #Immigrants again. The American #Indian is not!
I tweeted you that Canada has a good health care system. US  should try something like Canada's system. WHO says one of the best systems.
Lie! No cost in Canada? Taxpayers paying up to 53% in taxes fund Canadian health system. Don’t lie Bernie
Trudeau/Canada confiscating Canadian MD’s pensions through new taxes. Thousands of MD’s want to go to US. Canada has lousy Health system
Everyone has insurance.
Who pays for it? The cost doesn’t just disappear like people with dirt on the Clintons.
Save the date: Jan, 20th 2018. Stand in solidarity to peacefully march in cities, coast to coast demanding Medicare4All
This is an out right LIE! No healthcare in canada its cash up front or F%$k off! and I AM CANADIAN!
WHAT ABOUT LOCAL, STATE, PROVINCIAL TAXES YOU OLD COOT? TRYING TO FEED US MORE BULLCRAP? LOOK AT YOUR OWN STATE.
Except it's not free. We would still be paying taxes towards it. I'd be all for it if the obese had to pay extra. Fat people are leeches
Just keep using people's emotions to get votes. That's all you've got anywayz
There is no better feeling after a health emergency than knowing you can leave the hospital w/o having to sell your house to pay for it.
We deserve a rationing list! Why can’t we have equality for being equally miserable in government run healthcare. #iLoveTheDMV
SO WHY ARE SO MANY CANADIANS COMMING TO US FOR MEDICAL TREATMENT BERNARD! CAUSE THE WAIT IS FOREVER! STOP THE LIES
Then go live in Canada
someone has to pay you birdbrain!
But the Fraser Institute says the average wait time is 5 months... so what if it's "free" if you die waiting to be treated? 
And tbe ones that waited for 2 months are already dead...move to China Sanders
It's time to petition our government for free healthcare We American citizens can vote for what we need & want fron now On
In Spain it is unbelievable how the most powerful country of the world can live without a public medical care. Mind-blowing!!
Tears quickly went to anguish once they realized how waiting for treatment will kill them
If they live long enough to get treatment.
Happy happy freebie mullas now they will collectively take Canada into big beggar gutter
Free Healthcare? Who's Paying For It?! Taxpayers! Do you really think We;re THAT STUPID? Bernie, Take ur Socialist Ideas & Go Live In Canada
YOU Sell The Biggest LIE To Young People..NOTHING IS FREE..NOTHING IS FREE....NOTHING IS FREE! Someone is ALWAYS Paying...Like Us, Taxpayers
Paying for services and able to see a doctor immediately are two different things.
Bernie why don't you move to Europe where the Socialist rule
Lets look at that, Bernie. What quality care are they getting? How long do they have to wait for any care? Free also comes with a price.
If she’s not paying then who is?!?!  The costs don’t simply disappear because you say it’s free. #Obamacare is a shell game and you telling people it should be free is ridiculous.

Socialist lies. One would think that with all the information available that the people could see the truth. 
#socialistsuck
Why do infants in the US get cleft palates repaired, whereas Canadian children have to wait until age 5?
Thank you
Please invade us Canada, and force us to adopt Medicare for All.
Bernie won’t take Obamacare because he knows it’s trash. Why would you ? Open your eyes people. He’s a liar !
Most people leave Canada and come to the states for care beyond routine dr visits. Bernie and the dems are lying to you about this.
Why don’t you tell people what the mortality rate is for cancers in the UK and Canada where single payer is used ? Worst in the world.
Til they have to pay their taxes   L o L
This isn't true. We pay high monthly premiums in BC 4 Medicare {tho nothing like USA!}. AB is premium free,but Not other provinces. Check.
What a crock.. even the ambulance rides is billed
Someone has to pay. There is no FREE medical care.
That's good for you GOD BLESS YOU BY THE WAY SANDERS HOW THE FBI INVESTIGATIONS GOING?
Become a citizen of Canada, please.  I'm sure your family has enough pull to get their ankle bracelets removed you crooks.
My dad 63 needed surgery cuz he fell in the garage. Now he's afraid bills will cost him his home and retirement #HealthCareReform
It would be like being told that kindergarten is free.  Or is that billed to people in America too?
No one here in Canada is surprised to tears by this kind of information.  It is just how we live and what we expect.
We have long wait times for surgery, some treatments are simply not available in Canada
I wonder if we spent tax revenue on health care for all instead of creating terrorists, would we be healthier as a whole?
Move to Canada. Problems all solved..
Just not true. No cost? So Dr’s don’t make any money at all? Medical School great idea!
Hey Bernie ! Didn't she say she's a resident ? NOT A DOCTOR !: Why didn't she talk about the unberarable wait times ?
You honestly don't think they pay? You have heard of a little thing called taxes, right?
Too have free healthcare it has too be funded.... by taxes...
What sort of immigration laws do they have in Canada, Comrade?
Canadians pay for prescriptions unless they have add'l insurance; dental & eye care aren't part of our Nat'l Health. Otherwise excellent
My son spent 3 weeks in NICU.  Cannot imagine cost in US.  Even w/ insurance it would have been 10s of thousands.
More left wing c*ap!
There government paid 4 their education.   This is America.  We defeated the British.   Remember. .  American history. ..????

It also takes an outrageous amount of time to receive care.
We pay for this with our taxes. Health care is not free!
Perfect...simple solution!  Move to Canada!
LOL.  “No cost” doesn’t mean what you think it means.
Horrendous waiting lists for care in Canada.
She is the head of C F M S.  Thry deal directly with the Federal Govt.
Rally your troops the milinals and March fort free health Care
Our medical care is not free, premiums are taken from our paychecks & in Ont. we don't get to see that as a deduction on the pay slip.
We pay dearly for medical care, if we survive the long wait lists, thru our taxes. Refugees and wealthy ride free on middle-class slaves.
They also have to wait several weeks...for BASIC treatment, let alone severe treatment.
And we want to pay more taxes because?
I have many friends and family in Canada, and they appreciate their healthcare system very much. So many try to claim they hate it. LIES
If not single payer now when ?  How many children have to die because of TrumpCarr #mostdangerousmanintheworld
In  THIS respect , CANADA is Sooo far ahead of the US...! POTUS should be DEEPLY ASHAMEDof himself.!!
Been thinking it's doubtful I'd live a long life w/out healthcare. Just last night - contemplated the practicality of moving to Canada.
Yes bernie and you get crap care and long wait time - MOVE THERE
Please let Sanders have a coronary
Omg! Sanders is such an idiot! There is no such thing as free health care! 80 dollars for cigs, 11 dollars for milk, 3.99 for a can of veg.
You get something you lose something. Wait times are long strenuous in Canada.
We need single payer. Only real solution to America’s health care mess.
Canadians approval @ 90% for Canadian universal health care. 31 other countries have universal health care 4 ALL. When will US catch up?
NOTHING IS FREE!  Somebody HAS TO PAY!!!
I live in Canada. She is 1000% right. No co-pays. No bills EVER even for hospital. BUT u MUST B Canadian. Our slightly higher taxes pay all
Move there then jackass
CANADA!! BE CAREFUL. 
SHUT THE HELL UP
about how great you are.
We AGREE!!!  BUT you are gonna get your borders flooded with
Trump resisters
BAN VACCINES AND ANTIDEPRESSANTS BOTH ARE KILLING OUR CHILDREN AND ADULTS WHO ARE FORCED TO INJECT VACCINES CONTAINING CANCER, BABY PARTS !!
As an indigent clinic provider in the USA I have heart breaking situations almost every day that can’t be solved here in America. So Bitter!
This is a powerful statement by a Canadian physician all folks would benefit listening to here in the states 
So many comments say it's free healthcare.  They use taxes to pay for it.  Who the hell do think pays the taxes!
This woman is incorrect. Canadian healthcare system does not cover tourists or undocumented immigrants.
Some countries know how to do this better than us. We need to take some lessons from others!
RT
This is one of your more ignorant tweets, Bernie.  You should try just a little bit harder.
sssshhh Senator...if too many USA patients find this out, I will have to line up for my free CDN healthcare.. ;)
More bullshit from bernsie the blow hard bullshivik- forget the thousands who've cried tears on their deathbeds and poor houses you fraud
I'd cry happy tears if you graciously bowed out of the #WomensConvention
American leaders preachs praudlly to export democracy to other countries where the health care is a right no a privilege. Who believe it?
We DO pay for health care in Canada, but it's through our tax system. We DON'T have to worry about paying for it when we need it.
Companies pay politicians big money to make people sick then make big money selling the cure .
Yea ... because they've spent all their money making themselves sick .
BS, nothing is free. High taxes pay
THEN WHY NOT HERE @SenSanders I HAVE A WORKABLE PLAN http://www.bauerforpreseident2020.com  and a new party for america
https://www.facebook.com/The-centrist-alliance-party …
I tried to finish watching this video but i started crying bc i cant help but think about all the american children w/out healthcare :((
We actually end up paying less if you look at the premiums and deductibles Americans pay.
Who makes these films, #Goebbels Productions?
For profit healthcare or non profit? I'm a proud Canadian and we don't have a healthcare debate.  Because we are all covered.  Period!!!
She has no understanding of what health costs are. Telling in itself.
It's funny how Americans believe they know our Canadian health system.  Sure we pay more taxes, but we never worry about our health.
My healthcare insurance in Spain.I pay 155euros/mo. It is excellent. They have a gov. funded careWhy is Bernie in love with the Canadian sys
Yeah?  Do those tears balance those of the generations of Americans forced to pay for something we can't afford?
Keep on going strong bernie, you are the onely one with common sence. Not that raging bull you call preci.... poor man
I’m pretty sure they knew it was free when they went to the doctor
Bernie, we need your help to bring Democrats together to fight this assault on the American people. We can only do this together!
No Fees, but there are costs.
I saw an elderly woman crying at the Publix pharmacy because she did not have enough money for her medication ($158.75). I paid it for her.
10 months on the waiting list for a doctor. That's why they come to the states for health care!!
Then move to Canada and let us keep America the way it is!
While the people whose taxes pay for this doctor's patients cry sad tears as they tell junior no, they can't afford a vacation this year.
I have a Canadian friend who had to wait 6 months for critical surgery.  Also, pays 50% in tax.  I suggest you move to Canada.  You should do well on your ill-gotten millions.  Your wife should be indicted also.
"No cost"

That's Sanders mathematics there! (hint: there's a cost, it's just that somebody else has to pay for it...)
Aren't they crying because they finally saw a Doctor after a 9 week wait?
And how many cry over dead loved ones where the Gov wouldn’t cover ‘optional’ services?  Remember Charlie in UK having court decide death
My son got pink eye when visiting the states. After a 4 hour visit, he received two drops and a $1600 bill (insurance covered)Canada please
Thank you doctor
Please Senator think about retiring honestly helps
Canada? Try pretty much every country in the world...apart from the US of course
Propaganda. Something you learned on your honeymoon to Moscow?
The USA is the ONLY industrialised nation in the world that has NO NATIONAL HEALTH program-until ACA-& now, NONE AGAIN. blame Trump/Sessions
America is behind. Check Australian & French Medicare. Developed countries keep citizens healthy. Healthy people can work harder & pay taxes
You got that straight, we are the only developed nation who places their peoples lives on a credit card and if they don't have credit, their children die and republicans and trump are okay with that...protecting Americans my ASS! Only if it means adding $$$ to the Military budget
And their pockets and/or luxury living. Most corrupt administration. #LockThemUp
I think all Germans should be grateful of our system as well!!! But sadly they are not! There are so many people threatening the system!!
More importantly who is she and is she dtf?
The rest of the world dosn't care if you Americans want to pay for your health care thought private compaies thats up to you.
Only stupid fools think Canadian’s pay nothing for health care! They pay for it in much higher taxes, longer waiting times to see doctors!
Health ist an universal rigth
Look want free health care. Eat right, exercise, read and socialize. And keep your BMI under 28.
It comes at a price  it's not free and it's a heavy burden on the system.  Contrary to cherry picking the parts you like   Just tell it all
Any chance   Crazypants has seen this? Oh! I forgot he can't read!
>be me in canadian emergency waiting room
>waiting for my turn for free care
>nurse says the wait will be at least 4 more hours
>tfw i die
I live in the Uk, as a low earner I have access to the same healthcare as everyone else. National insurance is a small worthwhile deduction
A. Somebody pays for it
B. She has no sense of cost, which means she is potentially wasteful
OK, so is she a pediatric resident or a doctor?  But this is where I call B.S., u do NOT give payment 2 a doctor. That is done @ reception
UBER PROPOGANDA. Far too many errors.Makes fake news feel likeca ray of sunlight on my face quite frankly.

FYI. There is no Medicare in Canada. Each Province manages health. Ontario, has OHIP which covers everything! Taxes cover health, roads etc.
PLEASE HELP US BERNIE
And this Canadian who is diabetic say BS.
It is a shame tha America has the world's most horrible health coverage. Even Cuba, China provides much better basic coverage. Disgusting
