I didn't see you standing up for folks when we lost OUR health insurance under Obamacare. You're a hypocrite.
That's why he wanted to move to a single payer system like in many eu countries so you wouldn't lose your insurance
We don't want socialized medicine here. Most people go to the US for their healthcare because single payer is so awful.
Ppl in England have to wait 6 mths or more for appts or surgery!
That is a very general statement, if u have emergency they don't wait & ppl have the option to buy addional health insurance.
Cat-  respectfully, you have no idea what you're talking about.
You would pick the one republican that can't get over his presidential Loss. From now on Quote Rand Paul.
Y'mean Rand Paul's quotes in this exchange? I hope he does!
Doesn't matter what he said here. I don't believe the Feds should interfere in what I believe should be a state issue.
Feds? I thought we had a gov't "OF the people, BY the people, FOR the people." WE are the gov't and can work together for the greater good.
Here's the point I made.
Very poor logic, why not different cities, then? Los Angeles isn't like Chico; SLC isn't Moab; NYC isn't Champlain; Houston isn't Pecos.
the logic is on point. One shoe doesn't fit all.
Yet if the shoe store is large enough, the chances are greater it'll have a sufficient variety of shoe sizes to fit different customers.
Maybe you shouldn't have worked so hard to get tRump elected.

Good Job on the blowing up of the Democratic Party though 
Wha…? You're blaming Sanders for tRump's win instead of the Democratics themselves? Must've missed the memo.
He is still working to divide the party.

Bernie is Not NOW, NOR has he ~ever~ been a Democrat - EVEN when he was running as one.
Thank GAWD! Dems can only blame themselves for losing not only the House, Senate, Presidency, governorships & state legislatures.
Thank GAWD Me and mine will be fine ... but I will be sad even as YOU sink in the tRumpian world.
Wha…? You're in a different sinking ship?
And wealth babe ... the wealthier one is, the longer we float, doll.
Yeah… I think I've heard that somewhere before.
Bernie instead of criticizing GOP why didn't the Liberals in Congress meet with the Republicans and Discuss  the best health plan !
They didn't want us to. They didn't even want each other to.  Where have you been?
That's true. They met in secret even from their own party and come up empty handed as usual.
you must have your head up Sanders Butt . Because you don't listen to the truth
You smell O2 yet or you still have your head up trumps butt?  You conservatives  dont have a better idea so you lie!  Sad!
Poor poor Bernie....all these years in politics and you still don't get it
Y'think? Even though he's now the most favored politician in the country…?
I saw this same graph for Oreo Cookies
Uh... so? Are you saying most Americans are so friggin' stupid they can't tell the difference between a politician and a cookie?
No...you just said that
Bernie this level of dishonestly is why you're being investigated by the FBI and your followers are knifing and shooting people.
Bernie's not being investigated by the FBI..his wife is for bank fraud.  Read up.
You are incorrect, follower.
Kasich isn't a Republican, so.
trump is Democrat. Hes said several times over the years he was and helped the Clinton family! Its strange
Trump has voted Rep and registered Rep for years. He was the typical businessman and donated to politicians. How is that strange?
he admitted on Oprah that he was Democrat i heard him and seen it in the 90 he also helped the Clinton foundation!
The 90's. I'm well aware. He basically said the same thing back then as he does now. Just shows Dems loved him then.
constitutionalist dont like him thats for sure #unitedforfreedom #accountability
Constitutionalist helped get Trump elected.
no true constitutionalist wouldn't elect a fake republican 4 president#unitedforfreedom#accountability
Why would Todd focus on an allegation filed with the FBI in 01/16 by tRump's campaign chair in VT, Brady Toensing? Just dirty politics.
NO. I —and you, and anybody else— would be sitting in prison if found GUILTY —NOT for an unproven allegation. You're judge and jury?
Brady Toensing was NOT "involved working with the Sanders." He was tRump's campaign chair in VT. Let's see the PROOF of his allegation.
They'll say we are saving money, people will have options and people will not be penalized! #squirrellybernie
Yeah…! And I'm sure the resulting tax break for the billionaires will trickle down to you someday. Wait for it. Any minute now. On it's way.
When my I can buy the coverage I need & not what the gment says I need and don't have to subsidize you....I would call that a win
That's too bad. I am happy to pay taxes for healthcare to cover you and your family if tragedy struck. Sorry it's not reciprocal.
I think we both view diff which of the two elements is a right; beging able to have access to health insurance and the need to pay for it.
OK. We'll agree to disagree. You seem to view people's circumstances as more dispositional than situational. But… I'd still cover you.
Get it right Bernie!  Tell the whole truth, not just the slimy bits u like the best. Oh, how's that FBI investigation going for you?
Snipe.
Not a snipe hunt like Russia Collusion, no sir!  This is a REAL Fbi investigation and Bernie Sanders is a communist pig
Communist…!?! You think socialism = communism? Countries like Finland, Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Denmark would deem that insulting.
Yeah, look at some of those countries and the challenges they face as a result of socialism. They are overrun with refugess
Yes, they've agreed to help more refugees than the USA. But if socialism causes problems, wish we were so lucky:
Of the 22 million how many are legal and not scaming the taxpayers?
Yes.  Because it is a piece of crap.
Will you respond?  How many will lose insurance when the ACA implodes?  Already people are losing insurance!
Because DT and co. Killed it
Thanks Governor John Kasich You're Honestly Us Refreshing Sir @tribelaw @LisaBloom @tedlieu @SenatorCollins @SenDeanHeller
Only 17% of Americans support the #Trumpcare proposal.  'Nough said! Equal access to #healthcare  for US.
The largest transfer of wealth from the poor to the rich reverse Robin in action thanks to incompetent illegitimate Trump
You got that right Paul!  So much for draining the swamp. They just put bigger gators in it!  What a joke!!!
22 mill won't lose insurance! They'll have a FREE CHOICE to purchase insurance, NOT be FORCED to. Responsible people will, slackers won't
Wowza. You win the blue ribbon for Fundamental Attribution Error. People's circumstances are all just dispositional, never situational…?
Self responsibility, individual choice plays no role in a persons "situation"? Irresponsible people become the  governments responsibility?
It was always part of ACA for Federal govt to reduce subsidies to the states for expanded Medicaid rolls - not a new proposal
Kasich & other governors want to rob Peter to pay Paul - they want to spend more but make Federal govt pick up the tab
The CBO said Obamacare was affordable and a panacea. Now we know the exact opposite is true. Worst legislation passed in US history!
It's a peace of shit bill.. Bring back obamacare
@constitutionsue 
They don't care
Vote yes = loose your job!
Bernie I don't have health insurance now I couldn't see paying for crap I couldn't afford to use and then the password price went up.
Not adequate? Right! That´s what their wives are saying about them!!
Nobody looses anything! !
They CHOOSE not to participate. 
That is compared to the guess of difference to ACA. which has not been accurate
Bernie, is your haircut a pre-existing condition?
Don't you ever say John Kasich is a fucking republican again! He tricked us in Ohio. You and he are the same. Birds of a shitfeather......
But I thought Trump's little star Paul Ryan , wrote a lot of it...Now I see we have a few decent Republicans, a few is not enough but thanks
#mitchmcconell #PaulRyan, #mikePense and #DonaldTrump won't stop until they pass a #GOP legislative #deathbill. You can bet on that!
me Sanders. I have been a Democrat since Reagan years. You are no Democrat.
At least the bill was read before it is passed. Open debate must be allowed. ACA was hidden and passed before anyone was allowed read.
People dont understand the waste of Emergency medicine and the cost to the community for those uninsured. We pay dearly!!!
Tell the rich his shit plan/AHCA just backfired & no money/tax break 2 kill the poor! God is truly watching over them.
Keep calling, they're slippery
It's not losing it if you choose not to buy it. Which should be my right in a free and capitalist society.
Love you Bernie x
Bernie & FRIENDS CRIME CARTEL...
We will say you and that 22 million figure are a fraud.
After 8 years this is the garbage you give the American people???? Sad day to be a Republican....

Don't care what you say Bernie fraud and don't care what Ohio governor thinks or says  he went back on his word, lefty
Burnie don't worry you and your wife will be getting free healthcare   Also again how many people LOST their healthcare with Obamacare start
Direct primarily care check it out.
I really pray more will come to their senses once they see that actual human beings, vulnerable, disabled, elderly, babies, will be affected
Your twitter bot has the tweet shits Bernie. You're not fooling anyone.
Democrats said they were honest, so why did you commit bank fraud?
#BankFraudBernie
To Republicans, having Concerns is one thing, Voting No and standing up to Trump is TOALLY different. Put your action to work when it counts
Can you mention how much the deficit will be cut please for the love of God ...
22 mil. or 2 mil. or 32 mil? How can the public be sure with so much inaccuracy coming from partisan reporting of any type. Trust is gone.
Wah!!!!!!
Stand up for what's right
Not what you can get for your vote
Remember you are representing USA  CITIZENS
Bernie, STOP. That 22 million figure is a misrepresentation at best, and you KNOW it. Stop with the lies. We see through you.
What's that, #BernieBankFraud? Or do you prefer #BankFraudBernie ? Either way, #PizzaGate #PedoGate is real. Enjoy your day, sir.
I don't think they'll say anything...they don't care cause they won't be one of the 22 million
What can be done to introduce Single-payer heath care when GOP plan fails vote?
all these republicans are worried about re-election.  Distancing themselves from @POTUS
Shouldn't Bernie be more worried about his fraud case?
Shouldn't you be in a deposition?
What will people say about your bank fraud case. You should probably be praying you don't get tossed in jail
Obama Health Care is already killing people. Health care is not about forcing people to pay premiums and undermine doctors. Ignorant liberal
We demand single payer system for all!
Bernie, what about the 20+million that still do not have healthcare under Obamacare now? About those who can't afford the premiums?
Health insurance and healthcare care are two different topics.
ridiculous statement
Bernie you should be worried about your own problems #bankfraud
Maybe you sell 2 of your 3 houses and pay for their health care then? I vote you do that! #DemocraticSocialism!
Please explain.  Are you joking?
There is no satisfied health care in a country with ridiculous prices in health services. Big ripoff where it hurts. Poor health paying off
Put your vote were your mouth is Nov elections are coming
22 mill lose because 18-33 won't buy it because 97% of the time their healthy? So force them into insurance or face tax fines
Politicians are liars and they deserve a place in hell next to lawyers..
If you know how much will be "saved" by this bill, simple math will give you the price given for each of those 22 million lives by the rep.
They will say "Call Bernie! He will get you a bank loan!"  #fraud #FeelTheBern #AHCA #AHCAKills #AHCAisIMMORAL
Why are you speaking about the DEAD SB562 ??????? IN CALIFORNIA
Man I do not respect your tactics Bernie. Weak and.
Bernie is under investigation by the FBI for fraud along with his crooked wife!
they don't believe they'll face free and fair elections in 2018
Let's talk #BANKFRAUD Bernie and your 13% Tax Rate for millionaires
It's not 22 mil more like 5 mil regardless no one is being dropped those ppl are not forced to accept now have a choice To stay or go
Even more will loose coverage (like me) because of this bullshit. Government sucks.  You suck!!!!!
Probably 22M people who shouldn't have or have been given health insurance.
FIX ACA IT'S A LAW REMEMBER
Thank you for sharing 
THANK YOU TO THOSE REPUBLICANS putting America first and voting NO on this WealthyCare
At least there are a few smart Republicans!  I'm still curious why the House just rolled over 
How can Trumpcare throw more people off healthcare that are enrolled in obamacare?
#BankFraudBernie time to retire in North Korea      TERM LIMITS 
Not all Republicans are bad, same with Democratics. Stop the partisan BS
Hey Bernie, do your research about healthcare in federal prison! It looks like you are going to be using it with yr wife pretty soon !
Doesn't matter what the Republicans say. As a American citizen and one of the 22 M. I say what good is having insurance if you can't use it
#BankFraudBernie
They'll say "damn, I didn't get reelected, how'd that happen?"
Will see!
Hey Bernie, the hypocrite! These folk were on the path to losing it anyways thru the Dems ObamaCare! #GetYourLyingWaysGone
Some: oops. Others cheer. The ones saying Oops. Meant to screw everyone over
I have ,am losing sleep over this Healthcare/non-healthcare bill,I live w/Chronic Lyme and am getting older.Mass
Repeal Obamacare
#BernieBankFraud
lets see who really has the balls to thumb down this
The bill is an abomination against citizens in order to feed a huge tax cut to the wealthy
If they vote for this bill blood will be on their hands!!!
I have very serious concerns about your bank fraud.
Bernie: good points but w/ history & current personal studs best to ease up and invest in mentoring a top notch up and coming civil servant
#BERNIE, YOU TALK LIKE YOU NEVER DID ANY LABOR IN YOUR LIFE! , I WOULD GUESS THAT IS TRUE.
Coward/thief
HEALTHCARE not WEALTHCARE!
If you think we don't have to wait in the US for healthcare you have not needed much care
Hmmm, if do nothing....People will loose insurance when ACA collapses, not a good alternative. DEMs can't fix ACA, it was designed to fail.
Sometimes I wonder if Trump is secretly trying to destroy the GOP from the inside out. It's hard to imagine he could do better if he tried.
An act of cowardice
You Democrats and Socialists sound like a broken record.
Thank you, senator.
Did it ever occur to you that since it is mandatory,some people bought in not bc they wanted it, but bc they HAD TO?
get the corrupt DEms in line before u start tweeting about the corrupt Repbs SIr!
What did the CBO say about the ACA? Anyone remember?
@ColsBols they ll continue lying coz that is the only skill they have.
Huge tax cuts 4 rich is the heart of  Republican bill.
Medicaid devastated / loss of basic essential coverage &
Opt out provisions 4 states
Bernie and his wife will receive "free health care" in jail. FBI investigation against Bernie / Wife heating up!

I would have voted for kasich had he gotten the nomination
Well, are you going to President Trump and express your concerns with him?
They Don't care their Insurance package is good! No harm to them!

Being looked at by bank fraud and media quiet,10 billion.
You didn't say anything when your plan took insurance away from millions in the middle class.
Where is your source. If your going to bring up an argument like that provide a source.
Day 1, 7 million lost coverage I was one Now with premiums up 50-165% &insurers leaving, the number grows In 2016 27 million were ininsured
Still no source
Omg, it's everywhere if you've been.paying attention even Sanders just mentioned the 27 million do your own research. U liberals r so lazy.
It's lazy that you're not trying to back up your claim. This is why nobody believes republicans when they don't back up their claims.
You know how to read so I would hope you can also research instead of listening to MSN. In a few comments before this read Bernies own words
Like #Trump, #Republicans are big time LIARS & deceivers.
It's a sad and disgusting truth--a price on the head of Americans only to put money into the GOP's true constituency: the 1%.
Most of them by choice...poor people will still get Medicaid you commie hypocrite...ceaucescu would be proud

Kasich doesn't kount. No vote for  failed candidates!  Good thing too.
Bernie, we really need you to stop bashing the DNC. Saying they're the same as trump administration is so wrong and irresponsible.
How many couldn't afford Obama care there bern how many had shit coverage with Obama care bern
They're gonna blame Obama and pass this bill anyway, and then blame Obama again when people figure out this bill is horrible.
Do these idiots have parents or family that need healthcare? They have no souls for one day they will feel the wrath of God.
How many people already don't have insurance because they can't afford it?
#BankFraudBernie knows no such thing! #CBOSCORE is rarely accurate! And millions already can't afford Ocare
What will they do? What the donor puppets in Congress tell them to do? We'll see.
Ted Cruz wants all of the ACA gutted he's on a mission to see it happens.
They will all cave, sadly.
that fbi investigation thooooooooooooooo
The death panel has spoken. Next subject please.
Loser Bernie.
Dumb that these people cant figure out how to tax the super wealthy and give the money to those in need! We need a modern day Robin Hood
They will congratulate one another on (directly or indirectly) killing off every last poor (sucker) American there is...ˢᵐᵒᵒᶜʰ~ᶫᵒᵛᵉ ~ᴹᵃʳᶦᵉ~
Ur under FBI investigation u should be embarrassed
What has our country become? The GOP should change the bill's initials to TTHA: "Thin The Herd Act."

We have a Gov't filled with morons. Amazing how they are all millionaires! #VoteThemAllOut
I hate to say this.  Their plan is far better than what Obamacare offered and the Democrats have offered zero alternatives, just obstruction
It destroys the hard working blue collar right along with the very poor Americans. Look what republicans did with their coal miners
It doesn't improve cost access or quality. Just the opposite. It destroys working blue collarAmericans right along with the very poor
Maybe 22m might not want to be forced by state!
Number includes people who CHOOSE not to purchase their ins through govt.  UnACA has driven up health costs, decreased choice, & inc taxes
Kasich for president.
They will say the same as last time, the CBO is a partisan hack who never gets it right. They simply don't care, it's all about the lobbyist
Bernie and his wife think  their above the law.needs to give back the millions he keep from the election
