They are literally protesting people wanting to keep more of their OWN money. Let that sink in 

Fuc*ing leeches...
I'm sorry that I don't have the money to get super expensive surgery.
Also, a true christian would support Single-payer Healthcare.
We will NEVER have socialized medicine. Never. Too many hardworking Americans will prevent it.

Yes you are correct. This is where govt has gotten too big and we the people elected Trump to defund a bunch of this garbage
#MAGA
You realise most of those things HELP people? Private prisons result in more crimes because the prisons fund useless laws.
It takes real courage to protest being responsible for their own healthcare. If govt doesn't pay for my healthcare, then who will?
Most of the people protesting are those who would not be able to get healthcare, because "insurance companies" Don't like to insure the sick
Does that go for all 177 million people that the Fed govt is paying for? A truly free mkt would lead to competition that would benefit those
If you paid attention in history class, you'd know that truly free markets abuse people horrendously.
Yea... it's not like the healthcare insurance industry has a direct incentive to monopolize & cut corners ie. Healthcare for bigger profits
Competition improved almost product & service. Lack of comp. I'm HC is due to govt regs preventing innovative ideas & companies from entry.
You're confusing healthcare & healthcare insurance. There is nearly no innovation in insurance, just the incentive to monopolize.
We are discussing who pays for HC & how. Fed govt shouldn't. Govt regs have prevented Competition fr bringing new ideas & products to mkt.
No one is cutting shit. That is a lie. there will be invcreases in all of it.  The only thing cut is the increase and not by much
No it's not, as you would know if you had disabled friends who got covered thanks to ACA. I didn't need it, because PA covers disabled kids
It's simple logic. People weren't dying in mass before Obamacare thus won't die after it's gone.
Your logic's flawed. It wrongly assumes people weren't dying & actively discouraged from seeing the doctor via debt & stuff before ACA.
Where do you have the moral high ground to tell a healthy person to pay for some alcoholic with bad health?
Where's your moral high ground to let a few for-profit CEOs make that decision, causing extra deaths as they line their pockets?
Obamacare has already made many rich. Record profits for some while many others suffer which is why ACA needs repealed asap
cite your information?
Nn9
Very Powerful!
My grandmother died from cancer I don't want any one to suffer the pain I did
As someone who is blind I really appreciate what they're doing for our country we need to be heard
So you went to work today for a change?
Bernie is the hardest working politician ever elected. He's been fighting this shit for over 30 years. Can you say the same?
He's part of the problem then isn't he? These career politicians all need to go.
I'm not disagreeing with that, but all these death wishes upon him? Not cool.
I don't wish any if them to die. But I'd throw out 95% of both houses. Right now. No problem. They are all corrupt. Both sides.
eventually you run out of money. maybe if Dems didn't raid all of the coffers and give hand outs to non citizens there would be money to spend.
We need to b equally aggressive on Climate, Safety Net, Cuts, Prisons, Wall, Planned Parenthood.@SenSanders @a1wildkatracing @NationalADAPT
Trump says that is the way it is going to be. Because he said so. No more thinking on anybody's part. They will do as he says. You got it?
Yes, Bernie, they certainly are
THANKS A BILLION TIMES BERNIE FROM A DISABLED PERSON WHO IS PROUD OF YOU.
At least you'll get treatment in jail. Disgraceful.
People are going to die no matter what healthcare they have. So dramatic Bernie.
He didn't organize the rally, the people who are disabled did.
Never said he did.
you said he was "So Dramatic" The ACA helps people with disabilities because most insurance companies don't want to insure sick people.
That's funny because as I understand it, Obamacare covers pre-existing conditions. Big selling point. So explain.
People w/ Asthma, Autism, etc, were not being able 2 b covered under certain ins. plans cause the companies didn't want 2 fork out $ 2 help
Trumps trying to keep that. What's your point? I can't even follow this conversation anymore. Jeez!!
Premiums will rise for many! Seniors' can rise up to 5x! Saw a post from daughter of a woman w same cancer as McCain. No ins = dead n 6 mos!
BERNIE YOUBETRAYED THEBELIEVERS YOU SOLDOUT TO. ISLAMICLOBBYIST AND YOU PAID Less TAXES THAN TRUMP 
Low life dirtbags. The leech off of productive people then sit on their asses all day!
I'm on free health care u would rather go to jail than die with out medacare
The bravest, most courageous, and patriotic people in D.C. right now.
Ppl are protesting something that won't even affect them should it pass. It will slow down rate of increase 2 new med. cases. Tell the truth
You don't know how Medicaid works, do you?
Well yes I do actually.
Actually you don't or you'd know it's administered differently in different states and not all necessary costs covered. 1/
Good Idea
Quite right Sen Sanders. The Republicans were cowards & voted just to please Trump! I hope soon they'll grow a spine to stand up for people!
Go Bernie go m'y reason and heart are with you
Remove the legal immigrants from Medicaid and we would have a surplus. Humm now that's an interesting thought. Non Citizens on medicaid humm
Legal immigrants that become residents aren't allowed benefits for ten years.
And they don't vote. Even those Obama told them to vote and said we do anything about it. Are you really that........ well anyway.
I am a pre existing condition(cancer survivor)how the fuck does government expect a 19 year old to pay for all health care with no insurance
Not alone. Survived cancer too...
And you're playing nice with their oppressors. So. Stop that please.
He isn't
The crook is Trump.
Patriotic right wing pigs destroying America.
they are not for the American people. They are only for the wealthy and privileged. Hurting kids and disabled. It's unconscionable.
There R a lot of kids hurting whose parents R forced 2 pay unreasonable premiums cuz they "make 2 much," meaning they make just ovr min Wage
So give them nothing. Your logic makes no sense. Gtfoh
Most ppl like urself who result 2 illogical rhetoric like "gtfoh" usually cant come up w/ facts 2 supprt ur argument. Its cool Im used 2 it
U first

What about the middle class? We pay for everything with taxes but get ZERO benefits
Who in hell did you vote for?
And that's because of tax cuts for the wealthy-reinstate taxes from forty years, middle class taxes can be cut.
Always tax cut for rich n never for middle class. Anyone who says otherwise is a lier. While giving all benefits to poor.
something you know absolutely NOTHING about, bernard.
These people who are disabled should be on Medicaid not Obamacare. Expand Medicaid and increase the SS tax ceiling to fund it like you said
This will send thousands of Americans into the streets - we will not tolerate having our vulnerable citizens left high and dry.
No, after you, sir...
Awww they need their government handouts. Adorable
Berniecrats: Primary any Dem who claps even once for McCain!

*Bernie waltzes with McCain on Senate floor*

Berniecrats: That's different!
Yes. Let's ostracize the man for sympathizing with another human being that has brain cancer because their political views are different.
Did u read the first part? A bunch of crazies wanted any dems who clapped at all primaried.  Nuts.
Advocates? Really Bernie, is that what you call them...

They are paid #Soros goons squad...PERIOD
I'd go if I had a way to get there.
Its still America....stick out thy thumb!
The proposed bill is absolutely unamerican. I've never seen bills so cruel. #KillTheBill #filibuster.
That's because they won't release it.
Republicans are shameful! Ask them to give up their health coverage.We pay their salaries!
GO FOR IT FOLKS, WISH I COULD JOIN YOU!
It doesn't take courage to believe a lie.
Unamed sources claim Berne is head of a pedophile ring. He is a communist satanist according to reliable sources
Of course they did. Somebody is always crying about whatever Trump does.
Thank you for your bravery. You are fighting the good fight.
We want free shit! Give us our free shit!
Each governor should run his state not the fucking country. Got that Bernie?
That's because they're ignorant & gullible. They believe the bullshit. Cuts in Medicaid will weed out freeloaders. Cut back entitlements.
Drop all government officials healthcare & they must get on OBAMACARE. There should B no reason why dems wouldn't. #obamacare #draintheswamp
I hope your happy with the way you COMPLETELY F%CKED over the country. You need to GO AWAY NOW! #screwbernie #bernersaretheworst
Bahqhahwhahahqhaha courage thats a good one bern
It's reality for them and all of us kniwnkniwnmillions will DIE due to this repeal of any kind. #shameOnGOP
@IronStache @NationalADAPT Since when did peaceful demonstrating become illegal? That's what I'd like to know

There are no cuts. Stop altering the truth. It is a slowing of the continued growth. More than last year but less than the dems want.
I guess they weren't too disabled to protest.  Good for them. Handicapable isn't just some politically correct euphemism now, is it?
Republicans will never listen to what the people want.Its all for the party not america.
Only because they have been misinformed by socialists like you who think the government should control more of our lives.
The right to live a fulfilling and productive life regardless of health or mobility should not be a #bigpharma financial optional extra
Would you be willing to propose a bill that defunds healthcare for Congress?
You uxu u
Tell the whole truth bern, no cuts!  Cuts to increases!
Courage? It has nothing to do with courage, but everything to do with survival. You don't understand that Bernie Sanders.
I would prefer it if PWD didn't need medicaid and had equal opportunity.  We are too comfortable with disability and poor being intertwined.
Y vosotros,los Senadores que os oponéis también.Una gran Resistencia
Fuck the Republicans.
That's because it's providing more than half the country medical care at the expense of the remaining half, who are shrinking rapidly
Wish we felt that you were with our cause Bernie.......
totally behind you.  We need a single payer solution like all the other industrialized nations
Bernie,I'm afraid disabelled are going to be in a very bad place. I'm one
disability needs to be redefined
We have a voice and we demand to treated as people and not animals. 
In 2018 we will vote across the nation to put an end to this injustice.
We have to show them that the American people are not lambs to be lead for slaughter.
We have to remind people of this day because there are those in our govwho believe that we will fall for anything and stand for nothing
We the people, climate changers of the world across the globe is proud.
This is simply beautiful!
Is Bernie the only Senator who paid attention to THE PEOPLE in the courtyard today?
I don't know but I bet you non of the R's posted this
Please tell me where I can come help protest?
Dude. Why did you vote against Russian sanctions?!
IT'S ON YOUTUBE EXPOSING PENSE AS A MAJOR PEDOPHILE KILLING KIDS. WENT WOULD HE CARE IF DISABLED FOLKS DIED.
All you do is run your mouth. Do something besides run your mouth!
There is a poem by Dylan Thomas that all parties should read tonight. It's pretty well known, and it begins, "Do not go gentle..."
Most of them probably belong in work you communist.
Yes screaming like children takes courage. If only society did this more, then nothing would get done.
No, real courage is admitting you made a mistake and there is better than the ACA for America. Let's find that thing. Don't be afraid, admit
If you are disabled A you are not getting curt off. Of you are just lazy you are. Don't listen to lying democrats anymore. Fearmongers
That doesn't even make sense.
There will still be enough in Medicaid after all the Fraud & Gov Waste gets rooted out of the system!
What healthcare plan does your family have @SenSanders ? I will have what you and your family has.
I keep saying politicians need to see numbers (people out in the streets) to believe they could loose their seats!
I'm disabled & I am with them! These rich guys with NO CLUE what the poor & the ill endure have no right to increase our suffering.
What they are doing Senator is saying their lives do not matter
We are an abomination before the world. 
Really really wish you hadn't preached for so damn long that Hillary was just as bad as trump.
And our special needs family thanks you for advocating for us! We are stressed and scared 
Stop promoting #Division and #hate. Def, sup't 1A but time to focus on #MAGA. #AmericaFirst Be a #ProudAmerican. stop #obstructionofjustice
Every Republican right now*
Listen .
yes let #dumptrump
Hey voted to open a discussion on healthcare.   Do you even understand your own job?
*They
FO Bernie
Obamacare saved my daughter's 2 yrs ago. She is disabled now, but alive. If the #orangeterrorist ends it she will not be. NO #TrumpKill EVER
Mr Sanders,  no matter what we do , the Republicans r going to do what they want . The American people don't matter to Trump & his Republica
So unbelievably disingenuous. There are no cuts in Medicaid. Just slowed expansion
Elections matter  sit down hypocrite
This is like Underwood in House of Cards!
OK not all of Congress needs to be drug tested and screened for cognitive impairment. I'm pissed you didn't run for President. Stay healthy.
REMEMBER IN NOVEMBER!
How many have they handcuffed and arrested?  Sigh, if only we had freedom of speech..........oh wait.
Pathetic
Do they understand that these aren't really cuts and involve a Medicaide expansion that hasn't even taken effect yet?
They only understand what CNN tells them.
A lot more courageous than dancing with McCain right after he cast his shameful vote, that's for sure.
Applause is in order.
Wow
Boo
You look kind of old,don't worry soon will be sick,
 we paid for all in our dying bed,soon McCain will be in that situation
Instead of doing your job now you're inciting riots. What are you doing for the people who are going to die? Where are your amendments?
Liar
STOP THIS LYING TO AMERICA BERNIE!
Breaks my heart this is happening in this country to these people!
Bernie the story teller.  Medicaid was always paid for by the state. You just want bigger government to control and keep under your thumb
Why does this take more courage than day-to-day activities people with disabilities do? It's all courageous.
What cuts to Medicaid?  In every proposal I've seen, Medicaid spending continues to balloon as far as the eye can see?
They're all fat lazy lunatic
No one has a problem with Medicaid for the disabled. It's Medicaid for 25 yr old lazy mutts that give people agita.
The republicans were right. The death panels are coming.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR TRUMP!!!! YOU SHOULD HAVE DROPPED OUT OF THE PRIMARY ON 3-15-16. YOU HAVE DONE MORE DAMAGE TO THE LEFT THAN GOP!
REMOVE TRUMP FROM WHITE HOUSE!!!!!!!
More courage that takes for a "war hero" to kiss the butt that insulted him
Fake news. There are no cuts.
All 12 of them.
Courage?  Absolutely not. What do you think was so courageous about that? What did you expect to happen?
Do a survey with these people. I'll bet most of them are obese and many are pregnant. None of which is my fault. Why should I support?
There is evidence that obesity isn't always the persons fault either, but can be situational. I go on diets but I barely ever lose lbs
True. But I have known lots of overweight people. None of them had health issues that caused it. It was ALWAYS over-eating & poor diet.
If they go to jail they will probably get free health care.
Focus on the problem is insurance companirs and pharms, and FDA,  theres corruption, anti-trust. Who knows are you guys this trying to kid?
This Ability*
When will we see you protesting with them?
As per the famous Britsh expression: USA became the "Alright Jack"  Society = Never giving a fuck about the others.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alright_Jack …
The PEOPLE WILL BE HEARD

Only in DC is slowing an increase in spending viewed as a cut.
I want the same healthcare government gets. We deserve the same care
For what they achieve, your damn right we should all have it. Fact is the majority of Congress doesn't care about the people who hire them.
Not really...
I want the same healthcare everyone in the government gets
Losers
Everybody knows medicaid want leave them high & dry as long as their paperwork is right.
You guys should get the same medical coverage as the republicans want to give to the hard working U.S Citizens
There are so many ways to supply the care we need within the constraints of the sum of all the money now going to various medical expenses.
Real courage is standing up to a domestic abuser even when the law, the government, the senators, and the judicial system won't.
You don't get arrested and pulled out of your wheelchair, ect, when that happens. Also, they may have jobs.
This is one of the saddest days I can remember, wish I could be there with them.
Rich white Republican men decided to vote "yes" today. This country hasn't changed as much as I thought.
Lol. 
WE WILL PREVAIL!!
Would Obamacare and Medicade as it exists today, satisfy the needs of people with disabilities?
It's better than it was.
Do you have a disability?
MAybe if you had voted Sanders instead of an establishment democrat who leans conservative and takes big money.
What a useless job you did over this.
The GOP looks at them and sees money wasted. Not good for the master race.
You know, when you say stupid things like this, it makes us look like a bunch of lunatics
Wall street Trump serving his rich masters.

Same shit sir as before
Yes it does
The GOP people that created this need to be hounded from government and ostracized
Explain to me how you were going to get Congress to pass legislation for free college if you couldn't get 1 senator to vote no?
All democrats vote no=48 we have no more,stupids vote Republican

Why don't we just ask for impeach Trump and replace him later
Bernie is Anti-violence. I suggest you read his books!
Also, if you're pro-autism support, I suggest you switch from the "Puzzle" image.
I suggest you learn sarcasm. And stay out of my autism. You really wouldn't like some of my focused friends.
BTW... there is no such thing as "mild autism" you should lay off the LSD.
It's called "High Functioning" you poser.
I was diagnosed b4 the DSM changed with Asperger's Disorder, which was merged w/ Autism. I oppose the puzzle because I oppose Autism speaks.
