Why haven't consumers been involved in creating the Republican legislation. Why weren't there hearings to garner input? Sad!!!!
Republicans dont hold hearings.  Hearings would expose their lies.
#NFL 
#NFLBoycott 
#nflprotests 
#TakeAKnee 
#takeAKneeAmerica 
#TakeAKneechallenge
That's it more fighting that ought to solve it.
Why is this debate still happening? With Collins,McCain,Murkowski and Paul off the table the BILL IS DEAD sanity has already won
Because Repubs need to have their noses rubbed in their mess. They need to be held accountable for this bill because they WILL try again.
They absolutely will & it will be EVEN worse than the shit basket they just TRIED TO PASS & the past ones 24,26,16,...36M what’s next? #sad
#AsLongAsWeHaveAForProfitSytemItAintHralthcare
You should have Asked Senator Graham if he's so worried about the National Debt how come we give 11.8 Billion dollars To Israel ??
Love Bernie but can't listen to another lie out of Cassidy! It second hand for Graham.
I monitored fed block grants received by Ohio in 70's & it was a disaster - massive wasteful spending & no accountability by state or feds
How exactly are these block grant dollars spent in each state? What do we hope our state is smart enough to do it well?
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
Hillary should be at this debate NOT Senator Sanders! The vast far left conspiracy to shut Hillary out of these events wreaks of misogyny

I hope people listen+learn. ACA is collapsing, this is a decent plan! Not perfect, but a huge step in the right direction. Send to states!
none of this is true lol
I want to ask a question. My deductible before obama care was 400 dollars now it’s 3,200.
Btw, who won the debate? I watched some in between Monday Night Football commercials.
Bernie wants socialized medicine .. he wants us to be Venezuela ..  socialism is not "who we are" .. get healthcare affordable key
Man that Cassidy is a slimy guy
Bernie needs to knock their teeth out!
Bernie can afford his health care.
Sanders does not represent the Democratic Party....why are there two GOP's and one Dem!
Yes he does.
He doesn't represent me!
What about DACA.
I have to see this!!
Cassidy: "We want to take away your guaranteed health care and replace it options at the whim of your state.
MMT economics needs 2 b discussed. We can afford #MedicareForAll . taxes don't need 2 go up.
Why do Democrats and Independents never fight back against the lie Obamacare is failing? #CNN
LINDSEY GRAHAM JUST BROUGHT UP THE PROVEN BOGUS PLANNED PARENTHOOD "BABY BODY PARTS" VIDEO!!!!! WTF?
So proud of Sen. Amy Klobuchar, Minnesota strong!
Looking Graham-Cassidy reminds me of a sneaky used car salesman tryng to make u buy a defective car breaking down 3 feet away from the lot.
Wish Dems had sent out more  articulate peoples to debate   Healthcare   than Sanders n Klobucher.
Any plan that doesn't protect us against pre-existing & lifetime caps isn't worth our time & disrespects hard working Americans!
Healthcare can not be a business in most richest nation , it should be a right of each individual
Most of the Europe has better healthcare than usa
Go Bernie! The slick Dr. doesn't seem able to answer Bernies question directly.
Cassidy should know that drug inventions does not only happens in usa and all these big drug companies do sell same drugs cheaper elsewhere
Republicans want every state to have own healthcare as if health is a different issue in every state
Adults vs Toddlers...
look to Canada, Brittan, France and Switzerland and meld those systems to fit UHC for your country
@BillCassidy appears to be the 'Devil In Carnate'. This man should be ashamed. He does NOT care about people. HE WANTS TO WIN! PERIOD!
Cassidy "thinks" they have it in their bill .  Wouldn't You Know what is in that bill?  #preexistingconditions
Bill Cassidy is like a creepy televangelist...
TY
Senator Cassidy is a Lying sac of shit and so is Lindsey Graham. Do they really believe ppl are stupid enough to believe them
Oh wow thank you !!
@LindseyGrahamSC turning it to the states doesn’t help. My representative refuses to meet with those he disagrees with. Abbott won’t either.
Ask Sen Graham and Cassidy what the GOP has done the past 8 years to help ACA succeed.  All they've said is it's failing!
Graham and Cassidy should have their healthcare rights denied
Congress should be required to use whatever heath care they pass OR give Americans whatever they currently have
also classic @CNN dramatizing something for the clicks, the eyeballs, the attention 
is anyone periscoping this? i want to watch but don’t want to pay to watch
The GOP had all the time in the world to come up with a better plan and failed.

This is not a failure that we will take lightly in 2018
Politicians are incapable of understanding the ramifications of their healthcare laws. Stick to speaking w/insurance professionals friends
Go Bernie!!
Or how about the ACA's HIT tax (health insurance sales tax) about to hit in everyone on Jan 1st?
Why don't you talk about the huge rate hikes on individual & small group plans beginning on Jan 1st on children's rates?!
We know it's a SAD! day for you, Senator. You won't be famous for killing us. But hey! There's still the coal ash & air pollution that will!
Your moderators for the evening
Sen Sanders and Democrats should not give up Senate floor for debate and fall into traps of Republicans. Debate belongs in Senate Floor.
What's the point, Lindz?
You lost!!! 
Hey CNN  ask trump why it's ok for Trump to tweet the NFL  and not the white supremacist for using the Confederate flag and not the American
Go to http://progressivearmy.com  for live blog coverage and reactions
I'll be there!  Every American should be.  We don't have to agree on everything.  We have to educate ourselves & debate.
#Trump has done absolutely nothing in office other than try to tweak what #Obama set in place so he can call it his own #NotMyPresident
#WeThePeople DEMAND, by a majority, #MedicareForAll. 16 other industrialized countries have some form of UHC. Stop saying it can't be done!
No debate left! Check AP's CBO report!  Fake news gets f..ked by CBO! Hahaha
He is the evil of evil. But even Hitler had a healtcare for everybody....man we should do better
WHy is it so hard? Look at Switzerland, Germany and France.....we are not socialism or communicsm. I fact we make mor $$ than u
Does not make sense to me. Sanders is not a democrat and his views are not representing th DEMs
Isn't this all a waste of air time now?  Miss Collins said "no" to trickery.
Or your dumery
Is this canceled yet? The bill is dead now, right? @SenSanders should just sell his single payer bill now and ignore the GOP fools.
Fight all they do Congress dementia gang Fire them all States Can Run America Better Cheaper need No President
Interesting
I wanna see Sanders give Graham a wedgie and wrap it around his neck.
That might be fun...
You should NOT be doing this debate at this time. The right wants to demonize you.  Wait until after Graham/Cassidy vote.  Pissed at you
30 YEARS OF NHS MURDER NHS POLICE CORONERS LAWYERS DOCTORS COVERUP FREEMASONRY LIKE TIBERIOUS UNSAFEGUARDING  NCA CRIMINAL
SHIPMAN NEVER ENDED ASSET STRIPPING CORONERS POLICE DOCTORS LAWYERS MIDSTAFF FARCE TREASON
Anyone wanna bet @SenSanders already has the debate questions?
The fight over health care: Lindsey Graham, Bill Cassidy debate Bernie Sanders, Amy Klobuchar 9pET http://cnn.it/2yoFZJe  #HealthCareDebate 
drama queens..just use your spine and get it done
In 1987, Bernie said single payer wld bankrupt America. Either he was lying then or he's lying now. Take your pick. #bankfraudbernie
UKGOV CORRUPTION BIG CORPS SABOTAGE D NHS GREED KLEPTOMANIACS POISONED MURDER SHOULD B ON INTERPOL FBI DR GEDDES EX CMO CMO LANSLEY CRONIES
FUCK EM UP BERNIE

Knock em out Bernie!
Go Bernie!
Important debate in the middle of Monday Night Football, ensuring the majority of people that need to hear this - wont. Like primary debates
go look up bernie sanders crying about how medicaid for all would bankrupt the nation. #VoteDemsOut2018
are they still going to have it with collins out they have no chance why waste air time we could be watching nascar instead   NOT
@SenSanders the news media needs to quit calling it obamacare. Call it by it's name affordable care act. Polls show it is divisive
This will be interesting to watch...!
#FakenewsCNN
I really object to the way this "debate" is billed. We need a respectful debate not a boxing match. Or maybe just have a boxing match.
This nonsense is a big part of the reason we ended up in this mess in the first place.

I'm not sure this debate is worth it now that Sen. Collins is out. Instead, why not debate the concept of healthcare as a right or privilege
McCain won't vote for Repeal because Obama took care of him in Vietnam.
Thanks for publishing smear piece on #MedicareForAll prior to debate, including fear mongering stats on wait times. SenSanders pls correct
Put the senate and congress on social security and the same health care plan as those they are supposed to serve.
the debate is over... the bill can't pass 

doesn't have the votes

never did

never will

now

#MedicareForAll 
#berniewouldhavewon
Boy lies will be deep nasty gram and butcher cassidy Bill said feds can't do it let the states feds need to shut down States can run gov.
Devote this time into shedding light and urging action on Puerto Rico.
Thank you @SenatorCollins for making this the most awkwardly timed debate ever.
Senator Collins opposes Graham-Cassidy health care bills http://bit.ly/2wPKVKP 
The Collins no vote makes this  debate moot.
This is a stupid way to frame health care. Not a prize fight, but a lifeline for most Americans.
Exactly. We are playing into Trump's TV mentality. This is a joke.
What's the point of this now?
Breast cancer survivor saves over $200,000 with Obamacare. POTUS WANTS TO TAKE THIS AWAY.  Long live Obama Care!!
Sanders?  He is just a tired old Marxist/communist dressed in a U.S. Senator's costume. Snake oil salesman to the left.
It should not be a fight. This is silly. Probably followed by some online polling blowing stuff out of proportion for days. Focus on fixing
Why waste your time on a debate of  Graham-Cassidy's dead bill. The GOP will have a new position tomorrow.
Well this ought to be interesting.  Maybe float some bi-partisan ideas since Graham's bill just shat itself to death.
#BernieWouldHaveWon
Why do we forget that if Obamacare wasn’t such a failure than we wouldn’t be at this point!
GRAHAM-CASSEDY is dead but @realDonaldTrump still on NFL. Policy failures mean things don't change much and Obama's up trend keeps going 
He's running.
There is no fight the. Aca  stays put
I'd like woman
How's it even a fight?  Bernie's just gonna drop both Cass and Graham with a Stone Cold Stunner and Klobuchar's gonna hit the People's Elbow
If we can get a 3rd definite "no" can we cancel this silly debate?  @lisamurkowski save us from this debate, we already know how bad it is.


There is NOTHING to debate about Bernie's HC plan! Sign it and all this HC BS will go away!
The fight appears to have ended by TKO. How about a good movie instead?
.@CNN CANCEL debate w/ Bernie, Amy, Lindsey, Cassidy. Susan Collins is now 3rd NO vote #GrahamCassidy Talk about Puerto Rico instead.
This!
Let the Republican bullshit and exaggerations begin !
Oh snap... its on tonight
3rd strike...I believe this means they're OUT!  #Healthcare
Ru going to ask about the cornhusker kickback Graham energetically decried and now has piled into his bill to buy votes?
Why do they have to do this on tv? Why can't they do it in the senate? Isn't that their job?
Are you going to Fact Check real time so they have to answer what is on the bill vs what they deny/say is in the bill?
If not It’s a useless waste of my time and I’ll just change the channel to MSNBC
#CNN...Did you give Bernie the debate questions ahead of time like you did for Hillary?
Why even have this debate?  This bill is dead!  No for Collins and McCain.  Waste of time.   Move on to something else like infrastructure.
Why Sanders
He is the most popular politician in the country and is leading a HC revolution that will save millions of lives and trillions of dollars
Kamala Harris for POTUS
LOL...Sarcasm?
I dont know if you been paying attention to the news lately, but I think that fight is over
Who won? Obamacare is unsustainable and failing and no one wants to support any feasible solution... seems to me like no end in sight
Far removed from the so called "fake news" that Trump is espousing. Good on you, CNN.
damn i wish i had cable
You tube live girl

It's still happening? For sure?
Why    .
I Thought They Admitted Defeat? ???
President Bernie Sanders. It can't happen soon enough.
As opposed to Nambia?
Thanks. Just had it cleaned.
Tough crowd tonight.
Watching this!!!
M4A
