Obamacare had roundtables, walkthroughs, consideration of over 300 amendments, and 53 hearings in the Finance committee.
We spent 25 consecutive days in session on health reform debating Obamacare. That was the second longest session in Senate history.
And oddly enough, many of my Republican colleagues said that it was so important and would impact so many people that we needed more time!
Here’s what Senator Alexander said back then:
And here is what Senator Hatch had to say:
The same Republicans now think it's fine for their health care bill to be written behind closed doors without a single committee hearing.
I can understand why Republicans don’t want open discussion. The bill they are working on would do incalculable harm to Americans all over.
How is it a "health care" bill when it throws 23 million people off insurance? Cuts $834 billion from Medicaid? Defunds Planned Parenthood?
Republicans' process is shameful. It is unacceptable. They owe Americans more. Their plan must never become law.
He was not allowed to run as an independent once began as a dem.
Yea, let's take a look back to 2010.
Also, that quote is referring to the fact that we wouldn't know what hte FINAL version looked like till the Senate passed their version.
And the massive book was published. 
What are you talking about? Do you even know how legislation passage works?
They passed owawacare then published a massive book not even dems had read because it had a million pages.
Time to put the Republican party on the extinction list delete delete delete GOP investigate all there stocks related to insurance companies
God, how did you dare to talk about health care! I am not able to have my drugs# having8years! #Republicans step down!
there was no debate.Not One republican signed your socialist medical plan that has ruined middle class healthcare
government, creating problems then claiming to be the so called "solution"
Maybe if the conservs would get their heads out their asses, we might have a functioning healthcare system... maybe.
actually if government would get the hell out of the market place and stop meddling to buy votes we'd be in great shape
I agree, less government is good, Social Security, is dumb as fuck, why the fuck I need them saving for my retirement?...
you couldnt not have invested your money worse, if you had kept it and TRIED to screw up saving it.
"You could have invested your money worse, if you had kept it and tried to screw up saving it" Double negative, lol. Shouldn't it be...
You could have invested your money better, if you had kept it and TRIED to screw up saving it"? Maybe? Idk what you were going for.
Sen Sanders what is wrong? How theirs colors are showing. Now Obama didn't do enough but Trump drop the sanctions on Russian? ???REALLY! !!!
#ACA  at least had public discourse unlike the secretive #TrumpCare bill that only "discussion points" have been shared. Democracy blurred.
Why, Dems passed an unwritten bill taking over 1/6th if the economy useing tricks and ex orders. NOT ONE GOP VOTE. Now stunts aren't fair?
"We'll never know what's in it, unless we pass it"

                          Crazy Cat Lady
Nah, let's not. Senility old communist.
Sen.Sanders What do we need to do to IMPEACH this man. He & some of his associates already shown they have ties with Russia. waiting for ?
the poor get Medicaid, it's the middle class working people that Obama care hurts!

Maybe we should stop calling out Republicans (1/2 the country) & identify indiv. by name instead of party. I want you president. #NotMeUs
I'm thinking if we stop grouping them all as a herd, they might be inclined to stop voting like one. ??
Most people don't even know who their reps are - much less the party.
Yes!  Let's--where Republicans were cut out and it was only passed, unread by Pelosi, because Scott Brown broke the filibuster.
How were Republicans cut out when 160 of their amendments were included? & fact check Pelosi. That's not what she said.
They don't care. These people's ignorance is on full display. Feel bad for the trolls on this thread who aren't being paid.
Not one Republican voted in favor, and once the senate seat was lost, it was "screw you, this is it." Learn history.
And why did no Republicans vote for it when it was originally their plan?
Because they knew it was flawed and not finished.  They were right.  Obamacare has been a disaster.
That disaster saved the lives of 2 people I love very much. I'm not a fan of watching people die b/c no one will insure them.
That disaster caused millions of people to have worse healthcare.  There has to be a better way.
This is what I would call a false bill. Health care? Bs it's a way to move money from health care to tax breaks for rich and insurance com.
Single payer only option
Mr.Sanders,I think u should worry about bring more power balance,back into the congress and house for equal policy implement4Dem
PUBLIC OPTION HEALTH INSC./CARE."IS A HUMAN RIGHT"S ISSUE--NOT TO BE PUT IN THE HAND'S OF FOR PROFIT ORGANIZATION'S/NO HEALTH=NO GOOD WORKER
The GOP is the definition of hypocrite
And @SenSanders isn't? He sold us all out to Hillary when he could have run independant and won.
I wonder if Bernie spending 18 months attacking the ACA made people think the ACA wasnt important to protect.
Don't underestimate the damage done by exactly that rhetoric.
cause hurting one is helping the other 2/2
You did the same thing with Obamacare jackass?!
Not even close. Fact checking is easy.
......obqmacare..and what passed was nothing close to what was advertised.. to see whats in it we have to pass it @NancyPelosi ... evil
What ever happened to the democratic process of making new laws and reforms?
Democratic process or what passes 4 1 has been hijacked by corporate America to ensure that THEIR interests become law, not the peoples'!
Stop!!
You opposed ACA. Sit down.
Source please
He only supported ACA when promised $10mil for healthcare centers in VT.
SOURCE please
ObamaCare's a disaster, 1/3 of US counties only have 1 insurer to buy from, and its cost shifting mechanism nails the middle-class.
Obamacare needs aborted.  No point in laboring over it with the obstruction party.
Killers are coming!
We need Spartacus to lead us against the 1% scum of the world
You folks royally screwed our Healthcare system up, left a big mess for the GOP.
 You've done enough damage, let the GOP fix your mess
Why would any competent person vote on something they know nothing about
Reps keep saying dems were not transparent with O care , but they obstructed legislation for 8 years during Pres O.  Reps did see it.
Bernie if you want to see the bill you need to pass the bill you know how to do that you did before you disgrace
And you guys still messed it up!
Cry baby
BERNIE, YOU INSPIRE MANY PEOPLE IF THE MEDIA GAVE YOU THE SAME TV TIME AND MORE PPL UNDERSTOOD "THE WHOLE VOTING PROCESS" YOU'D B PRESIDENT
Thank you, Bernie!
....and even after all that '09-10 debate, the Obamacare plan still failed.  Excessive debate & compromising doesn't guarantee success.
Quit lying , My and most others recollection is that Pelosi and Obama rammed it down  the GOPs throat .
Remember when Nancy P said "we have to pass it,  before we can see what's in it". U don't like when the shoes on the other foot.. Huh?
The Democrats did the same thing. "We have to pass it to see what's in it." Will you remember that or just pretend it didn't happen?
Corn husker kick back $1M bribe er campaign donation to max bacus promises to stupid stupac broken. Bernie showing old timers desease
What debate? You shoved it down our throats. Despite 70 percent of the country not wanting it. #getaclue

That is not even remotely accurate. Do some research.
GOP doesn't care about sick poor people. Simple.
I remember the last minute back door deals, rush to vote, gotta pass it to see what's in it, Boehners tears bullshit on cspan.
And look how that worked out.
Sir, it is a known FACT that democrats DON'T want to negotiate health care bill with the Republicans...RESISTANCE  > You are misleading ppl.
exactly. dems were fine w secrecy then. now say the opposite. always talking out both sides of ur mouth bs bernie
Instead of negotiating, Obama should have pushed through single payer. He was a feckless facilitator instead of a change agent.
SHUT UP U  TRAITOR WORKING FOR  PUTIN KREMLIN BOUGHT  BY ILLEGITIMATE THIEVE,  VOTED  WITH RAND AGAINST. CROOK FRAUD  RESIGN
Let's look forward... Let's take care of the taxpayers not JUST the wealthy. Pull on you decades of experience & SHUT. THIS. DOWN.
We may be confused with Republicans but another one was voted into office tonight.
When hear things like this I can only shake my head and think of only a banana republic.
You spent 25 days debating that crap u called Obamacare. That was 25 days to long. I'm sorry  but tha insurance is crap in plain English
SENATOR SANDERS I'M SURE IN 2009  THAT YEAR THEY WANTED THEIR SAY ;WHAT 300  AMENDMENT AND HOW MANY HEARINGS!
Obama care has good and bad aspects, improve it so it encompasses more people. Any healthcare bill that loses people is a loss
I work in healthcare & I completely agree. It has helped so many people, even when some of them don't realize it. Fixing it would be best.
I support the idea of universal healthcare, I feel as if Obama care was rushed to be provided before fine details were worked out.
Let's not, let's move on!
You lose; work with the president or lose your state.
Look at the debate- then what actually occurred- you're a fraud and hypocrite and you passed a pos legislation that is destroying US hc
I like your very expensive red sports car.
Rep. r losers..blockin & cussing obamacare...but presenting no better alternative.after so many years of complaining..the should have a plan
I agree. I may not be a fan of Obamacare, but this bill needs to be openly discussed.
He's really trying hard to bend reality. Nobody saw the damn bill, why else did Pelosi sat you'd have to pass it to see what's in it?
Form your own committee and get your ideas together...still pointing fingers and doing NOTHING!
Why. That's nothing but a nightmare past. Should have done far better planning total joke of healthcare bankrupted households
And look at what we got. My deductible is 3,200.
Democrats must do something fast. How can we stop them? #HewillNotDivideUs #UniteAmerica
Maybe you should've read all 4000 pages before passing that hot mess and calling it healthcare. Huge failure!
Mr. Sanders people would be more pronged to look to 2020 IMHO.
You mean the one where they wouldn't let you read the bill before passing it?
They need to leave the Obama Care alone it sure helps me
You would have to look pretty hard. Let's look at Obama shutting down the government until the bill was passed.Holding America hostage.
What? You just make stuff up in your head. The GOP was responsible for the gov shut down. They don't even contest that.
you are looking at the healthcare debate all wrong.  With just 3 GOP Senators you can control the legislation and conversation.
Yes we all remember "If you like your plan, you can keep it," and "families will save $2500." They were lovely meetings.
The difference is @HouseDemocrats & @SenateDems believe in an ethical and legitamate democracy, but @GOP care only for themselves,corps& 1%!
$2000 per month premiums and $15000 deductibles is not healthcare, shit can Obamacare now.
http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2015/10/08/Obama-signs-bill-preventing-healthcare-cost-increase/6511444314298/ …
But scrutiny over their actions is the last thing they want.
They know 10s of 1000s people will die. Why not call it what it is? It's mass murder plain and simple.
#Sit4Something Take your seat and look forward. No point in staring at the back row. There is work to be done. Skip Aug Recess and legislate
Everything you said about OBAMA CARE is true,but it doesn't prove it's good for the country "NOW". IT FAILED HAS TO CHANGED.
The GOP are cowards!
I would just like to know how this is legal or lawful or anything remotely resembling democracy. How can you keep a bill a secret? And why?
this Trump Care-less
If argument "they working in secret" won't let you see it, how can you honestly claim 23 million will lose, and cuts to Medicaid? R u lying?
GO BACK TO THE SOVIET UNION COMRADE!
lol a) I'm not socialist b) I'm at work c) Trump has more ties to Russia than Bernie ever will
Was replying to bernie and soviet union is very different than russia
lmao true. Current Russia is definitely veering more towards Fascism than Socialism
If you're all so concerned about our healthcare, why don't you just put us all on the same plan you have?
By all means!!!
All unconstitutional.
Obamacare was a fail
Let's do! Tweet this image to all GOP SENATORS! Call them!
@jameslankford @JimInhofe   WE WANT TO SEE THE HEALTHCARE BILL!!!  QUIT HIDING LIKE THIEVES AND CROOKS!!!
Speak up! #America is PISSED - Lets focus on #Healthcare! Let's @Twitter #Bomb @WhiteHouse or @POTUS or @SpeakerRyan or @SenateMajLdr
Why do we want government running health care in the first place.
These GOP cowards are not interested in anything fair or helpful. It's all about serving their corporate masters.
Yes let's recall all the promises made that were not kept. And those who lost QUALITY health care because of it.
Yes, let's look at the debate over Municipal Medical Departments in 2009:
http://popular-capitalist.org/PopCapView/PopCapView-EconomicsOfMedicine.pdf …
Maybe their plan will outrage enough folks to build even more momentum for single payer
Everywhere these neo-Libs and conservatives keep talks secret, while asking everyone else to be open! What hypocrites!
ROFL. Sour Grapes and still failing, Obamacare spiraling...your idea 100% and you had your chance.
You mean when the dems forced it through despite massive public opposition, and zero Republican votes
Make sure that TOXIC Tax cut does not see the light of day! Grind the Senate to a halt! Except for whatever needs to be done to remove Trump
#UniversalHealthCare
The GOP hypocrisy is sickening & I can't believe that people still buy their lies
"You have to sign it to see what's in it and you can keep your doctor and plan while saving over $2600 annually". The DNC. 
Yep Democrat Pelosi said you have to pass it to see what is in it. Obamcare took all my money.
USE YOUR GREAT HEALTH CARE YOU WILL NEVER LOOSE TO FIX THOSE RATCHET TEETH-COMB THAT MOP @RealAlexJones @DewsNewz @Rambobiggs @joerogan
yes let's do and it was all lies by the democrats
We are the laughing stock of the Industrial World
Obozo care has abandoned 30 million plus people.
DEBATE? You passed #Obamacare without a single republican vote...democracy or dictatorship?
Yes because "we have to pass the bill so you can see what's inside it" is such democratic transparency.
Put a sock in it Bernie! You are so irrelevant!
"No" to Republican-I-Don't-Care!
@SenateGOP, if you can't stomach the pill you're being asked to swallow, then gee, perhaps it's time to stop drinking the #Kool-aid!
I drink Kool aid. I love it. Perhaps you should consider not drinking the bourbon.
Alan Dershowitz should run for president he's a very intelligent man
Bernie has all the best coverage for him and his family it a big joke to him
do you mean when HE could have had filibuster proof congress & have passed single-payer & instead got paid 2 inflict obama insurance reward
.@TheDemocrats COULD HAVE PASSED #SinglePayer in '09
Instead put Big Pharma/Drug Companies B4 People. Now Republicans drive the final nail!
feel like the guy from independence day(the drunk who was abducted)" I BEEN SAYING IT, I BEEN SAYING IT" remember that guy(randy quaid)
Impeach Trump?
#DrainTheSwamp  and start with big government loving Bernie.
Lol Trump has filled his cabinet with the swamp. But hey, it's a cute hashtag, kiddo.
Says a Bernie Supporter . Seriously? You progressive/socialist types know no bounds when it comes to lying and hypocrisy.
Bernie it was your hated big mouth talk that got scalia shot. Dont try to change it by continuing your lying because even libs know you are
We must pass it to see what's in it. Just ask your buddy @NancyPelosi .
While Republicans secretly negotiate their health care bill, we'll remember you told your followers Dems & GOP were practically the same.
while twitter is used 4some long form discussion, i'll remember how u employed red herring 2change the subject, kinda makes u like the GOP
Um, no. I'm holding Bernie accountable because he is DIRECTLY responsible for the clusterfuck we have now because of his ego-boosting.
Put the blame where it belongs, North Korea! I suppose it's  Obama's fault that you have a serious mental illness too? Grow up, PLEASE

Too bad it mainly helped insurance companies. #whoops
@SenSanders , let's look into Your financials, after all shouldn't You be sharing Your wealth ???
Let me know if you find anything, meanwhile we know the turd Trump is, lawsuits, fake universities, burning small business owners, sex preda
Tor, tax cheat, womanizer specifically going for married women. I like how you'll blind yourself Trump.. Your hypocracy is showing!...
Pelosi still could not tell you what was in it.. Thousands of pages.  Obama ran on single payer, had house & Senate, still failed!
You still cant tell anyone what is in it. Trump has that situation, and Obama didnt have house OR senate.
Not true.  Obama had House & Senate when he took office. Obama did the opposite on every issue he ran on. Trump - not signed yet.
No he didn't Google "house and senate 2008"
I am sorry who are you??? Did you mean something at one time? Sound familiar can't place the over the hill face...
What debate dems passed it before they read what was in it
Exactly! Negotiated without Republicans, passed in the dark of night, Nancy Pelosi said we have to pass the bill so we can see what's in it
democrats appear to be more concerned with rebooting the cold war
We need socialized medicine.Period. Never happen since lawmakers are in bed with insurance and drug companies. In the end American loses.
Dems never do anything secretly like sell uranium to Russia or act like Benghazi was started from the Internet.
Can we also talk about the #TelecommunicationsActOf1996
and #CitizensUnited?
The ACA bill was fully public, and in open debate when Pelosi made that verbal gaffe. Pretending otherwise is dishonest. GOP bill is SECRET
Bernie sanders should have been given the democratic endorsement, we would not be going through this BS
The TAXPAYERS CUT THIER PAYCHECKS... don't ASK - DEMAND... do they work for U.S. or for the kochs & waltons.. that simple.
No, let's don't...its depressing enough for everybody already...unforgivable!
Pelosi didnt know what was in it
#HoldTheFloor
Where you all didn't read the bill?
So you are saying it was.wrong to do it then... and even more wrong now.  You are a hypocrite!
What debate. According to Pelosi we had to pass it to see what's in it.
Bern, your senate and house leaders stated to the republicans on a number of occasions that they would NOT work with them on health care!
"If you like your health plan ..."
Lie of the Century
No one cares. Let's look at the authoritarian take over of US politics and how the GOP will kill thousands.
Republicans don't understand the concept of a double standard.
Sure they do! It's just a concept that doesn't apply to them.
The
We are tied of rhat
