Fortunate Canadian: It's wonderful knowing our health and our finances are not in jeopardy as a result of our system
And in Canada you are at the whim of if they will replace a knee at 55 because you are too young. Canada health care is a joke.
Poppycock
Really, my friend was told that this week. If you don't believe me too bad.
Mike I think it depends on the severity in almost all cases. I was a potential Knee rep but I did what physio said & got curt harnett thighs
That doesn't work in all cases. If your knee is already causing mobility issues and you have to use a cane or wheelchair, the SOL.
Really important to check, age expectations per country, delivery cost, etc. US scores bad
And Canada won't spend money. Cheap medical system, long waits, shortage of Drs. Its not better, its just cheaper.
yes and this should be fir the whole world/humanity. What is Human Rights without minding human health?
Entitled to peoples labor.... Entitled to peoples laaaabor... Trying to remember where I've heard that before...Oh yeah anti-abolitionists!
Healthcare is a good, not a right. This is economics 101.
I agree Mr. Sanders
If only you were president @SenSanders... If only.
I'm glad he's not he's a old man that can't think
45 is the dummy
44 is the worst in history
45 is the 
Healthcare is not a right buddy. Not sure the fantasy you live in...
Not sure I recall where that is in the Constitution do you @HooserReason? Maybe @SenSanders can find it for us?

LOL, sorry to disappoint you but that's NOT the United States constitution!
Sorry to disappoint you but the US signed it 70 years ago. You know the constitution isn't the only set of laws that exist right?
Give power to the government to regulate 1/6 of the economy and run an entire industry like healthcare. Our const forbids socialism.
Have you read the UDHR? Human rights aren't a bad thing. A lot of people think human rights are good. 
I agree but the UDHR doesn't trump the U.S. Constitution, in this country our law is paramount.
Agree. Now go away and leave Dems alone.
Wrong - enough freebies in health care currently offered. Your world utopia will bankrupt the US on top of current debt.
Then truly fix it by opening up markets and reducing the government negotiating pricing compare dentist and optometrist vs other doctors.
Actually the government has little to no pricing power on hospitals and drugs, hence the current crisis. You can live blurry, w/o a tooth.
Sell your free house Bernie! Pay a lot of poor Americans health care premiums for the year!!
Not a right. No one has been denied healthcare but doctors aren't our personal slaves.
Wrong! The right to proper health care is a human right, signed also by the United States of America.
That's not the same as a right to health coverage.
No healthcare is not a right.
Have you even read the Constitution Senator?
Someone needs to reach Sanders the difference between rights and commodities
My insurance as a middle class person has went through the roof since the affordable care act and quality is less. Give me back pre ACA.
I paid close to $800/mo in 1997! I can't imagine how much I would have paid if I had dependents.
If everyone is entitled and I agree they should be then why doesn't EVERYBODY contribute??????!!!!!!
If you have nothing, how much should you contribute?
You are not entitled to anything and cannot be entitled to healthcare.
@ussupremecourt @housefloor @senatefloor If man is entitled to healthcare but not entitled to own his own property then govt must be removed
...since u have become rich off working Americans backs...why don't u pay for them!
Can you please show me in the constitution where healthcare is a right Bernie.
Oh fine, let's just let millions suffer and die then, unlike every other developed country.  Since we're great again and all.
No, you are entitled to WORK for what you want.  You are NOT entitled to take other's money to pay for what you want.
Boy oh boy am I glad to live in Canada... Where taking care of each other is ingrained in our genes. #truenorthstrongandfree
Oh spare me the joys of socialized medicine. I've heard plenty of horror stories. Ask USA's vets how socialized med is working out.
oranges and apples.ur happy going bankrupt 2 pay for Healthcare?Ppl in the US r working 3 part time jobs 2 pay for it.Working out fine right
Classic class warfare rhetoric... NICE!!!  Lenin would be proud.
Healthcare is NOT A RIGHT!!!! It is a PRIVELAGE!!!!! Socialistic politician!!! Free free free is all you want it to be.
Clearly not. This has never been the case. Isn't in our constitution, or our laws.
Our constitution was designed to be amended every 20 or so years, to be flexible and fluid to adapt to the times in which it lives.
Cool story bro 
Tell it again
Our constitution was designed to be amended every 20 or so years, to be flexible and fluid to adapt to the times in which it lives.
Living beings adapt and change to fit the times. Not documents designed to protect a way of life
Its not a human right. If govt spent tax $ wisely I might support.  When govt involved-costs & taxes rise. Can't fund everythingself resp.
Medicare is run pretty efficiently.

According to you we should abandon the military because costs just go up under the govt
The point is when its govt checkbook, costs aren't controlled well, just passed on to taxpayers. Medicare procedurely efficient but costly.
And why would a hospital control their costs when they can send you a bill down to having a tv in your room or $20 for aspirin?
Can you provide a source that Medicare is more costly to the govt than other healthcare options in the US?
Its comparing apples to oranges per beneficiary - Medicare covers +65 age. CMS has NHE (Nat Health Expend) Fact Sheets & Projected spending.
Than Why is Congress n Staff have a Elite Healthcare different than all Voters w/ high premiums n Precription coverages !! Two tier system
Have to agree. I want the same healthcare. That our elected representatives get. Why don't those in power want that for the people?
Let that Question sink in !!!
You ppl in DC should be forced to use the same system you create for us instead of your lavish medical benefits.
Found out you are right. However, they get a $12k stipend. We don't get a stipend.
Bernie is a great speaker but he never seems to actually do anything but give speeches. We need someone who is a doer.
You miss the point. Giving speeches is essential in mobilizing grass roots you would know this if you had payed attention in 2016
While Bernie lost?  He has been giving speeches for decades, but that's all he has been doing.
Cathy are you honestly this obtuse? Or are you just #StillWithHer
You are not entitled to another person's services. That's literally one of the basics of the Constitution...
Cool story. Irrelevant though. Next
Not at all- saying it's a human right is what makes it wrong. (Doesn't even mention the costs around it either)
Semantics isn't the point. Our attitude toward the sick is. We either embrace the idea that we all owe it to them to provide care, or not
And you can do that without the government forcing you to do it.
Do you have a right to an attorney?
Attorney's can easily be hired by the government, and they have the choice.
Doctors would be required by law to see patients. No choice.
How do you have a right to someone else's labor & livelihood? How does a govt that is $20T in debt subsidize HC as a right?
Nobody has ever said health professionals won't be compensated or will be forced to work. Get your act together hack
The implicit part of this is that the fed govt would be able to force health professionals to perform their services on their terms.
No, it's not. Nobody has ever said or implied that. Get a real argument
Arguments: 1. Unconstitutional 2. US is already broke 3. Govt pays for 177 mil people now w/ poor results 4. Govt involvement raises costs.
what does "broke" mean? We have no problem meeting our debt obligations. Medicare results aren't poor. You're just spouting nonsense.
We have $20 trillion in current debt and over $100 trillion in unfunded liabilities. Our creditors won't accept that forever.
The question isnt "can we pay for healthcare" but "how do we pay for it". If youre not having the right conversation, youre wasting our time
WHO is it that we can demand this "right to healthcare" from?
Sellout. Millennials who supported you feeling the Bern when Clinton hooked you up with the new house. Good job getting Stothert re-elected
I think the word that you are looking for is entitlement.
You continue in your delusion that health care is a right. It is no more a human right than a loaf of bread or gallon of milk.
WE ARE STILL ... WE WILL ALWAYS STAND WITH YOU !!! #Intrepid  !!!!!
LOVE YOU MAN!!! #StillSanders !!!
Great!
support, however the reality is unfortunately only constitutionally if you go to prison.
Food, clothing, shelter, and health care are basic human needs.
Bernie's right
You cannot claim a right to the goods or services of another...

#ThatsCalledSlavery
In America, if you are rich or if you are poor, yes, you are entitled to health care as a human right and not a privilege.
Wrong.
Did george Washington have that same right to healthcare ? You communist ! #marxist
Democrat Socialest always change a RIGHT into  a Privilege perfect example is your drivers license then it will need to be insured.
But you do NOT have the right to try to force me to pay for someone else's care. Period. No argument permitted.
It is not a right when you make me pay for someone else...it is a burden
Then why have you sold our right out to health ins co and greedy hospitals and doctors? You have created a right to give it away to corp
The Constitution does not make it a right. If they would be forced to work, maybe. If they can't get a job, clean trash or cook for poor
so rich aholes like you are paying for the poor care?????yah right!
how come poor little charlie did not get the health care that HE was entitled to?
Healthcare isn't a human right ... its another service we offer that the greedy get involved with to squeeze as much profit as possible
Before Affordable Care Act. Indigent Care was the cause for growing healthcare cost and now it's because of the Act. *GREED* is the problem
If the ACA is the problem, then fix it. There us no need to take away millions of ppl's healthcare.
Utter bullshit
are you covered under that same policy????
and just how do we pay for that??
If we're going to be fighting for things we are entitled to, how about a house since I can't afford one? I deserve a place to live.
What about food and shelter? Shouldn't we be fighting for those two things before health care?
All of these things should be fought for. Unfortunately nobody will ever be guaranteed these things under capitalism.
If we are all entitled to it why make it so expensive that we can't afford it and then have to pay a penalty because we can't afford it??
Do you support welfare AMD guns???????
Stay away from my healthcare @SenSanders . Don't want to have the #CharlieGard universal healthcare problems imported here.
You got rich when u kept our donations when u quit on ur supporters
That's right Bernie! Giant "Amen!" here.
That's why health insurance was sold online or any insurance sales office, BEFORE it was made a law so people are even more broke. Wake up!
What kind of healthcare do you have Bern? Do you have Obamacare? No you all opted out of it and took the good stuff.
If healthcare is a right, as much as water, then are people of intellectual means obliged to become doctors in a shortage of doctors?
Excuse me blue, I am trying 2 get on ur wavelength as u r brethren. I can't seem 2 c where ur at. I believe that all deserve hc. Bottom line
DAM RIGHT! I believe in universal healthcare #forthepeople
In America, if you are rich or if you are poor, yes, you are entitled to three houses as a right and not a privilege.
In Italy is like that and the cost is unbearable.
Actually it isn't or at least it shouldn't. I am an italian and the cost is extremely high due to government cuts to healthcare.
Wrong. That is your opinion. Anything that other people have to pay for is not a right. We all need to pull our own weight.It is a commodity
If a person have more than someone else you should pay more because we are our brothers and sisters keeper
why didn't vote for sanctions vs Russia you fraud
Get big money, pharma and monsanto out of campaign funding.  End citizens United! http://MovetoAmend.org 
If we want to see the happen the people need to be more important than the pen!  End gerrymandering!
Too bad the elections are blank.
Ily Bernie you the man
Health care and health insurance are two different things!
Rights rights rights rights rights ... yeah but fuck responsibilities  #regressiveleft
Good policy.keep it up
#Communism
Love you , god bless sir !
And they don't need to buy the President when senators are cheaper to buy. All you need is to own about 3 to keep the big bucks flowing.
This works for cellular companies as well as life insurers.  Then get government over regulations out of the way and let the market work.
The government did stop regulating cellular networks and look at the shit it has done. Stop living in your capitalist loony land.
Big customer pools would create a more competitive market and reduce the end users cost. Guarantee it won't happen due to political profits.
So why doesn't Congress lift the interstate coverage ban? Have 1 federal standard and let health companies cover like life insurance can?
You are entitled to your opinion. Let's keep insurance companies rich like Bernie !!
* Yes, in the UK we like our NHS * But we're worried Mr. Fox is going to stitch-up a deal allowing big US Corps to take it to the cleaners *
Where in the constitution does it say that?
And your entitled to the same healthcare as the rest of us not your special government healthcare plan we pay for
And if you're in the middle class you're entitled to pay
you are never entitled to services provided by others. focus on enabling an economy where people can afford to purchase what they need.
One more time for the ignorant folks in the back
OH I love you BernieMan
Why don't we have universal health care?  #GetItTogether
Thank you for standing strong, Sen. Sanders!

Fine but not government run, choice, freedom to decide!
If you are middle class you pay for it
Yes it is a privilege
Try again. You're due back at the Retirement Home in Venezuela.
Is health "insurance" a human right too? The fight is over insurance, not healthcare. Stop misleading people Bernie...
Also, if you are in the middle class.
No, that's not how it works.  In America your entitled to one thing, the pursuit.  That's it.  The rest you have to work for
Historically socialist always promise the world.  Once in power they want you to march in step and salute.  Nazi=nationalzosialism
All democrats want to do is steal tax payers money
Health care and health insurance are not th same thing.
Liked what Bernie had to say! I also liked wha Jonathan had say as well, I  agree and it's Jonathan Scott whom has the "bully pulped"
I didn't see this in the constitution...
I completely agree on constitutional grounds, but an enormous minority disagrees entirely.

I believe a Const Amendment may be necessary.
Thank you for standing up for my basic human rights, with out people of your mindset our president would strip me of those rights
This is true and the middle class pays for both!  When do we get healthcare too?  #MedicareForAll

So then why as a claimed independent college student did the Gov. decide to terminate my healthcare coverage? Human right my ass what a joke
Amen!
Says you who's health care is exempt from the rules we all have to follow. Why don't you sell one of your homes and help me pay your HC...
Everything is a human right now . Hey Bernie are bread lines a human right now? Because I know you have spoken highly of them in the past.
It's the middle that needs reform!
Yes sr. you are right! But unfortunately the US president wants only rich people in America and around him!
We here do not agree!!!
Healthcare, whether socialized, costs everyone. No money, er. Who pays, you. Raise prices on those that can pay.
It is ashame this is happening. Time for adults to be grown ups instead of acting like children fighting over a toy
Paying for healthcare is like paying for a clean community, good roads, bridges that don't collapse. People that are sick don't help gdp.
Preamble of the Constitution: "... promote the general welfare." Thanks for sticking up for it!
Wrong again.  It doesnt have to be mandated. Anyone can purchase insurance.
In Nigeria if hospitals won't attend to poor dying patients. Lives don't matter no more here.
It is not a human right.
Thank you so much Bernie! You have worked your butt off for us, and I'm so proud to say that I voted for YOU!
...in sickness and in health.
Why should the ones working hard to make life better for themselves pick up the tab for their healthcare?  Regulate the fees for healthcare
You cant let this man kill us!!   #ImpeachTrumpNow its a matter of life and death!
The white house has turned into a mobster's wet dream .....Trump is incapable of of leading our country.  NK IS GOING TO NUKE SOUTHERN CALIF
KUDOS 2 THE 3 REPUBLICAN SENATORS WHO VOTED w\DEMOCRATS
Yet you lefties said what about Charlie Gard? I don't think pulling the plug is health care do you?
Crackpot @SenSanders, its called a 'free market' for a reason. Only recently did gov. deny voluntary participation. Get gov out of the way
Thank you for fighting for us.  We  you
Right, just like how the 2nd amendment says that the government will give away free automatic weapons to everyone.......oh wait...
You're not entitled to other people's labor. Healthcare is a service. But in our great country you won't be turned away at the hospital.
except every plan u crooks come up with best benefit the insurance companies .. Hill-Burton system again
Quality Healthcare for all. We must return ro teaching and caring enough to keep people healthy that the burden of costs are reduced.  1990
Love you, Bernie Sanders.  We need health care for all period.  Patricia Villa, RN
Take note LNP: stop threatening our system & PBS!
Anything that requires other people do something for you, is not your right.
Do infants, comatose victims, or physically/mentally disabled persons have any rights then?
Nothing that would infringe on other people's rights.
What is the $50/mo $10 co-pay @seanhannity was talking about? I just dont trust u anymore Bernie. Just dont.
The problem word here is entitled.
If there was no welfare like it was back in the day people would work thank you Mr. Reagan for fucking me over
Their ass because their bombs and I have to make sure I pay for them and I'm tired of hearing about the 1% invested money they make the jobs
People would quit being pussies and go back to work because I'm getting tired of paying for everyone else to sit on
We're lazy ass bombs and I don't want to work or sick people
Tell that to McCain
Healthcare isn't a http://right.You  cannot force others to look after you.The garbage you dribble is amazing.
Yes. You're entitled to the right to PURCHASE health care. So you just want everything free huh?  Doctors-lawyers-education-food.it goes on
Lee Camp:  Only difference bw Trump's horrible cabinet & past cabinets is that the corporatocracy's mask has come off. We see the truth now.
No one in Europe understands why there is a debate about this in the USA... health care - at least basic - should be a human right!
Health care is a "human" "right". Love you Bernie your great on some things but that statement resembles a 3 am trump tweet
Thank you bernie!!
In Italy has never been different from this.
Amen
Ask Canadians.....it is unimaginable to us that civilized people could prefer millions to die rather than pay tax that you dont even notice
Love u Bernie
Thank you for opening my eyes.
It is not a human right Bernie! It's hard to believe people take you seriously!
Did you tweet this from your beach house or one of your other places?
Luv u Bernie
Not a right or privilege, just something I pay for like car care, house care, lawn care, etc. Adulting comes with expenses...
Unless your a preborn baby, right, wealthy dude?
No. It is a privilege. There are ways though to prevent the high cost of the expense for health care.
Are we entitled to food?
bernie 2020
Tweeted like a true socialist!
It had 8 years to make root and now you want a 6 month turn around?!
What right do you have to someone else's money? And subsidies make it more expensive anyway, so this would make the problem worse!
Instead of running for President you should have been drafting legislation to change the Constitution.Oh wait,you don't draft anything. oops
Only status and station matter in the land of the free and the brave.
No. Constitution does not make Health Care a Right. Nice try Bernie the Bolshevik
As one of the 1%, perhaps you should pay for it, voluntarily, of course.
