How will people on Medicaid pay the difference on what Medicare doesn't pay? Will the deductibles be like ACA where you can't use it?
Comb your hair you hobit.
When will this be on YouTube?
Bernie, these guys don't give a crap!!  All Graham talked about in the debate was $$$$! They don't care about people or their lives.

#PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief SEND WATER @Aquafina @dasaniwater @PolandSpringWtr @NestleUSA @ArrowheadWater
#HealthCareDebate #theresistance 
.Other western countries have free health care or close to it. What's stopping the US? Corporate owned politicians.
And what's stopping us from stopping them from stopping us from making such progress, is the lack of an option to #VoteAgainst them.
We need an #antivoteOption in our elections, to cast a #NegativeVote directly #AgainstElecting a corrupt politician!
But Bernie sanders said Medicaid will bankrupt this country ???
Never have those words ever came out of his mouth

Maybe you didn't get what was said. 30 years ago he thought is was too expensive for the US to be able to do it but now it's 100% possible
He was right ... private is a better option becuase it provides better health care then  medacaid and u don't get quality at all
Healthcare needs to be federal run whether universal or single payer where the care of individual comes before the money you make on sick
Great Britain,Canada they don't go to public health care for say if they have cancer  they go to black market becuase it's better doctors
Those countries have better ranked healthcare then the US. We use the black market or go to places like Bumrungrad in Thailand for care
Sen Bernie Sanders why didn’t the DNC back you? Was it because they knew you would win?
You people are so slow. #1: BS didn't win b/c 4 mil. more americans voted for HC. #2: DNC didn't "back him" b/c he never was a dem. Ask him.
Don't tolk about Medicare I am retire and I my life is a nightmare with Obamacareless
You are right again Bernie!!!  We need to get with the program like the rest of the world!!!!
If the rest of the world is so great why do they want to come here if the rest of the world is so great leave and take Bernie with  you
Cute.  I prefer not to respond to ridiculous remarks such as those.   Have you been in the closet since January??
Thank you Senator Bernie Sanders for keeping our focus on this healthcare issue! #health
Next, GOP will suggest euthanasia for those in nursing homes. They more than people.
I love u Bernie!!! Thank you for helping us regular Americans!! Health care is our lives
Show me, I would like to also see this as a separate issue to discuss for the future. Need to
I have no doubt that there is wasteful spending in medical care on lots of sectors. Procedure codes Billing codes etc FIX that first b4 cuts
Ah Bernie just what I said you multiply x 100. HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS BERNIE  BERNIE  BERNIE. HILLARY HAS U PEGED IN HER BOOK.
Good under the ACA mortality went up.
Show some evidence if you want to be taken seriously
But feel free to show me your data that it went down. The proof of burden works both ways.
Did I say it went down? Nope. But your source doesn't say mortality went up because of the ACA, but rather suggests that conclusion based
That's the whole point of the bill you don't need to say it Yes it suggests it; you can't prove causation. If ydk that you don't work w data
Can't prove causation? Let me guess, you have little to no scientific background
Haha I have two degrees in economics. It's a stats 101 topic clown
Ok, but you clearly have no clue how the scientific community functions to accept conclusions based on evidence and data
free health care only works in small countries. No sane way of implementing free mdicade to all states. Quality would severly decline.
I guess Canada isn't a big country. Nor is the UK, China, Australia...
This is a free enterprise society!! We born on the principals of negative rights not positive rights.
Keep going love what your doing.
They are hanging trump out to dry. What do they have up their sleeves?
Which will close nursing homes, cut jobs and overload hospitals.
There aren't enough health care workers now, care is just barely acceptable already.
Oh Bernie, everyone is so tired of hearing your commie bullshit.
Thank God for you!
awesome job, Bernie
#Senlindaygrahamsucks
watch what the health on Netflix !! Free healing via plant based diets
Medicaid needs to be streamlined and cleaned up! Maybe this is the excuse to do it!
It's all about working together and stop using the ACA as a political pawn and a   for tax cuts for the wealthy Businesses will b jst fine
. Where were u #Bernie wh this happened?You voted against #SinglePayer in '90s. Need more $27?? All of a sudden you care? #HealthCareDebate

.Purity test.Bottom line #Bernie voted NO.We still don't have votes &he wasted last months on #SinglePayer  while millions may lose coverage
That's not right. As humans we're supposed to take care of the old, the sick, and the defenseless.
Regulate maximum profit margin and expense for insurers, allow across state purchase of plans, allow Canadian Rx, allow competitive pricing
Get em.
What are the outcomes for those on medicaid that do not have a second insurer? I hear they are abysmal.
You go Bernie!
Looking younger acting stronger all the time.
Because Medicare doesn't..If you are poor on Medicad your set --if not, you must loose all your savings to medical bills before you qualify
Thank you, @SenSanders!!!

I want what you're having Bernie.
Ive been a Healthcare professional for more than 20 years this will not pass. Sorry
he's right.
It made for life at tbe expense of poor people 
and senior citizens. Phonies extraordinaire.
Graham totally doesn't get it NO healthcare will be perfect but to go and not be turned away for every person is huge
Scare tactics once again. Cut waste, fraud, duplication of sevices, restrict to seniors. But hey you rich lib politicians & celebs have it
Cuts to Medicaid will KILL me!
Yes please Bernie.
Agree or disagree, Bernie is a gentleman.
GET EM Bernie fucking GOP used car salesmen trying to sell a lemon of a bill to the American people
Bernie is honest and honorable sadly Graham and Kassidy are not. They serve their donors.
Plz be our president
Profits ya'll decide on regulating these companies lol. You could but you sure don't
Bernie, thank you for all your hard work! You're my hero! 
If ppl were retards and didn't work hard, didn't save money - it's not ur place to make it my responsibility to financially bail them out
Bernie puts a stop to right wingers trying to pretend that he favors their death bill over Obamacare! ~ http://GGA100.com 
But we all know that the medical industry is going to make billions and billions of dollars in profit. And of course we know who gets a cut.
A nice reminder that there's at least ONE person on the inside fighting tooth and nail to make the U.S. a better place for others.
Democrats all have good intentions? Republicans are the evil of America, super religious, racist, dumb.
That's my impression, I'm from EU.
Get your socialist ideas out of this capitalist economy
Why is this man talking where the hell is the domcract leadership
Your wrong Sanders states spend the money the way they want
Younger gens that are supporting this are not worried that one day they’ll get old and will need insurance. M’caid won’t be there for them.
I wish they would put you in a nursing home. Go back to Moscow comrade.
obviously going way beyond cutting the Medicaid Expansion/ Extension. Cutting into Original Medicaid from the 1960s. Am I right?
People dont under stand yes your taxes would go up but the tax would be a lot cheaper than what most of us pay for insurance currently.
But Senator those tax cuts are desperately needed by the GOP donor class.
Go Bernie!
It's ridiculous!  Good god
God that asshole was smiling while Bernie was talking what a piece of shit for supporting Trumpcare.
@senSander the opportunist Democrat. Thanks a lot
Oh thanks @IndivisibleTeam for reminding me to unfollow

As a Canadian, I really hoped that you'd have been elected president, Bernie. Please run again the next time around?

How is 9.5% tax free when most pay less than 5% at 50k salary for care now? They would pay 34.5 tax annually under yr plan!
And that does not even touch the financial need! That gives 3.2t over 6 years...U would have to charge top 1% over 90% believe me they wont!
Also the 50k would figure a way not to pay 9.5 additional too! Tax revenue would go down not up!
It’s unsurprising that one of the most important agenda items for the @GOP & @realDonaldTrump is to kill the poor & elderly
Tku Senador Sanders. U r the only who really cares about the American ppl!
And all the little kids with special needs.
Watching Hillary
Thank you Bernie!
BERNIE LNOW ANY OTHER FRAISE OTHER THAN HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS?

Pentagon needs the money to prop up the petro dollar

Lies, considering it would save us trillions.
Super charged bull shit.
Excuse me. It won't be increased as much. Call it what it is.
Cassidy is like the used car salesman from hell. I so want to wipe that phony-ass smile right off his face.
But it's okay my dad worked all his life and had to pay full price for nursing home. Spent his life saving just so other get it for free
#Bernie2020
Maybe the government should get out of the economy to allow people to save more money. Then they wouldn't need socialist care.
Your Medicare for all will drive prices up for seniors
Over decades Bernie, tell the whole truth.
True... millions of old Americans are in nursing homes under Medicaid, gives a million jobs to Americans too..
BERNIE. remember, Federalism protects ALL Americans, 15 USA States would ban Civil Rights!!! The Feds must protect all, screw STATE RIGHTS!
Lindsey is Talking Shit 
Ok what is better option that isn't going to increase my taxes or put this Country in a larger deficit?
Huge loss of jobs & lives. Why do they want to do this?
It is horrible.  Keep spitting facts as the truth hurts just like it killed their bill.
He spits it out like you but have no solutions that are better or won't increase my taxes. Do you your state has a 1.3 trillion debt?
Yes I'm aware. I'm also aware that those on Medicare is falling apart and adding trillions to deficit. At what point do we balance budget?
I am at POVERTY LEVEL already, I am disabled and a veteran and my medicade is just getting ready to kick in the first of next month 
Spoke to a relative ret. navy 19yrs. his healthcare is about 500/yr if he uses VA. Doesn't like VA. Let's fix it.
It also covers my brother who is a quadriplegic.  But NY state is really bad and so broke, they cut him all the time.
Voters don't care about nursing home residents. Otherwise there would be quality care, and safety.
Voters don't care about nursing home residents or they wouldn't drop them there and leave them in hurricanes
Bernie, your depends is drooping
Country $20,000,000,000,000 in debt, senile sellout Bernie. Can't afford more freeloaders.
So you’re going to pay for and take care of the innocent and elderly people on nursing homes ? 
Not my job to pay anything for anybody. Not role of state to steal from me to furnish others with goods & services.
You still have to pay taxes so that makes 0 sense
Taxes are theft. I own myself as a sovereign person. To steal from me is to say state has a higher claim on my life than do I myself.

Do I own myself? Do you own yourself?
What the hell are you talking about....
Thank you Bernie.
Watching my president speak the truth. #Bernie2020
It's up to us to make it happen. 
Last year was just the beginning, we made so much progress and tore down many conservative walls and everyone is still feeling the bern.
Roast these herbs, Bernie
Bernieeeee

