She was 65. Lived to be 100, collecting a total of $22,888.92 after paying into the system for 3 years. Her total contributions: $24.75.
Jan Walter got a stroke. Unable to work. Lived to be 100. The others supported him. This is how modern societies work. Everyone could be JW.
Indeed.
That's how insurance works. Some people will be outliers. We all pay for the *security* and that's why it's called that.
Pardon me, but I don't get your point...
The point is, some people buy fire insurance the day before they're house burns down. They don't get less insurance.
There's no, "SoIrry, you only paid one premium. You're only entitled to your premium back."

Social insurance doesn't work that way, either.
It's a social system of insuring financial security against old age,  disabillity, and survivorship. It's why it's called "Social Security."
@SenSanders Thank you FDR 
Created the biggest ponzi scheme in history...and then FDR put Japanese Americans in internment camps. Yeah...thanks a lot, FDR.
Too bad communist Democrats are spending it on several other things
Both parties are guilty but R>D. They've borrowed to cut taxes on the rich, now they want to cut benefits so they don't have to pay it back.
secure the blessings of liberty !
How much was the check?
$22.54
Thank you! I love that kind of trivia.
Me too!
this is so pure and cute lol
Glad issajoke cuz it is a laugh or cry moment you're celebrating
She contributed to social security for a month and lived to be 100. Broken system from the beginning.
So, you'd prefer she just starve?
Apparently. Some never get the concept that it didn't happen that way for EVERYONE and won't now.
Social Security is *insurance* not a savings account. You draw when the circumstances of your life meet the terms.
I was almost three on this day. To this day I am grateful to this day.
FDR, you are still my favorite president, thank you for your vision.
Ida Fuller - first recipient of a Social Security check
Ibe Fullashit - current occupant of WH
That act brought us to a more humane country. Republicans want to eliminate or cut now. Itis immoral what republicans want to do.
Might look at SS in a different light, after, you put in 40yrs. of actual good old fashioned hard work. See how your body feels about then.
FDR made the Japanese internment camp...
Wow!
And now we screw hard working people like my mom... thanks for cutting her ssi but Congress fuckwits aren't taking a pay cut
She paid in $24 and collected $24,000.....but you cant call it the ponzi scheme that it blatantly is.
and she never paid in a dime to the system.  LBJ and Democrats moved Social Security into the General fund and spent the entire amount.
... thought she was Mitch mcc
Social Security is FDR's gift that keeps on giving. Dignity & assistance in old age. Profound appreciation.
DT is det to "free-up" these funds for "free enterprise"  to manage...which really means " to use to further destroy  Soc Security
How much was her check?
FDR signed "marihuana" definition/prohibition one week ago today in 1937: 80 yrs now...
.-)

One of the greatest achievements of our democratic society
1935, when World also Infirm, Social Security!

Important Progress, Don't ya Think?

A Better Balance
Making Us a Stronger Nation!
Social Security is a scam - they borrow you money for war - and issue a number to keep track of you freeze bank accounts etc
@SenSanders And how did she ever collect benefits without paying a penny in taxes? Ponzi scheme!
@SenSanders
"Hitler didn't snub me; it was our president who snubbed me. The president didn't even send me a telegram"~J. owens
And it'll be dead by the time my generation is old enough to receive it, even though we've been paying into it.
The problem is the program was meant for the poor elderly who could no longer work, but then everyone else got their fingers in the pot
Here's the concept: Im old, sick. You hemp me.  Someday you're old,  sick.  Someone helps you. They get old, sick,  someone helps them.
It takes $402.69 today to buy what $22.35 did in 1935.
Figure is off a bit but you get the idea
What Buchanan started with the far right Center came to fruition on Saturday afternoon.
One of the many reasons why UVA president Dardin allowed J. Buchanan to create the Center for Political Economy and Social Philosophy!
LOVE IT!!!
SOCIALISM!!
- Donald Trump
wow, Michael, did you see she lived to be 100 years old, dying in 1975?  So, she received benefits a full 40 years!!
The program that saved my Granny who never worked, my parents my dad worked full time mama did not, saved them. No longer safe for me.
still a ponzi scheme... and the "new investor"/"old investor" ratio continues to fall...
if I have my way this will be the last year anyone receives a #SocialSecurity check. We need tax cuts for the job creators!!  #NARA
All these years later, GOP still trying to rip holes in safety net. (Yes, seniors, this affects YOU!)
To start SS, it was partially funded from Railroad Retirement (still healthy system today).
BUT the SS program was incrementally created.
My grand-father died 09/01/1939 ... my grandmother and mother received NO SS benefits.
I'm sure there were people arguing how they didn't want to pay for lazy people, sick people, brown, yellow, red, black people.
One of Ida May Fuller's classmates was Calvin Coolidge. Her first check was for $22.54.
I am thx full  to FDR for the foresight of implementing Social Security just like  Obama had the foresight to give us affordable care act.
Now it's BROKE 
how did old people even exist before social security?
@SenSanders republicans on social security and Medicare want the gov. Out of their lives? WTF is wrong with them?
And so began Americas decline into debt.
What a mooch...
The beginning of government over http://reach.Like  people can't save their own money better than government who spent it all !
Don't spend it all in one place, Ida.
Which she promptly used to score some primo weed.
Fuller was the longtime secretary for the Ludlow, Vermont law office that included Gov. William W. Stickney and...
John G. Sargent, US Attorney General under Coolidge. Stickney was a Coolidge relative. Stickney, Sargent & Coolidge were all friends. 2/2
The U.S. citizens who were held in the internment camps had to wait decades for paltry reparations. #ExecutiveOrder9066
It's always been remarkable that a program which gave money to a person who never paid into it could ever be deemed to be "insurance."
That was at the very beginning. Now your amount is based on how much you pay in. If you work, you get Social Security. It's not a handout!
Ida Fuller somehow seems like she should have been the first recipient. Some names are just poetic.
Now look where it's gone.
We all pay plenty into that fund, and expect something in return.
the first recipient is straight out of central casting
Thanks for your historical posts!
Oh, right! Thanks for that reminder 
Saving untold millions of elders from abject poverty after retirement. 
By robbing trillions of dollars from tax payers
Pretty soon, the GOP will privatize it and Trump signs the bill.
