Just watched. Oooooh you're so running in 2020.  That closing speech was straight out of your campaign handbook. Can't wait!
He won't be running as a Democrat! We don't want him!
You should. He's the most popular politician in the country in every major poll. Not like Dems aren't losing their ass or anything right now
@SenSanders is STILL fighting, holding rallies, and supporting down-ticket progressives. Have we even seen @HillaryClinton post 11-8-16?
Sanders is employed. Unlike Clinton. He doesn't get cookies for doing his goddamn job.
No, but he still remembers his job and duty to THE PEOPLE unlike most of his peers
Bullshit. He's out here on CNN saying the Democrats are bad. The Democrats are busting their asses trying to save ACA...
while Bernie stands outside the tent pissing in. He's not a Democrat, and at this point I'd respect him more if he just crossed the aisle.
That's why we Dems lose elections cuz Nit-pickers won't support a great but imperfect candidate while republicans mobilize behind any "R"
The GOP ran 22 candidates. They do not mobilize behind any R. Their voters have integrity and support their platform. Drop the socialism
Republicans are either hypocrites or those with "integrity" simply haven't gotten real news in a long time
Conservatives and liberals BOTH want what is best for all. Cons look at the macro picture first, liberals the micro. The results differ
What the hell are you talking about and what is your argument?  Stop wasting my time
You are wasting your time. You are so full of hate you believe nothing but lies and propaganda. You promote the division and hate
Wrong. He is luminating the problems within the party that have forced people to lose faith in their party. He is trying to fix that
Canada's health care is a fing joke compared to the US and it only works there because they don't have a population plus 21M illegals
Canada is not an ally and I know all about their healthcare system. That is not a response
I know exactly how your healthcare works. I spent literally months studying it and corresponding on it while writing the new HealthCare Act
Should not have a platform. When you turn the country over to the animals money won't help. 3000 blacks owned 20000 slaves! The real issue
nah yogi and boo boo are on its classified as non fiction ya with me snowflake head
Nice try Cooper. Still pushing Russia. Millions of us get the REAL Breaking news elsewhere.Awans,DWShultz, U & Fusion GPS real DNC story
Bernies wife is under FBI investigation! Why you so quiet?
Great outfit &  Russia-Gate analysis @KirstenPowers with @andersoncooper on @AC360 , a never ending well of Russian influence.
Wake up Dems!  If you don't support our candidates, we'll stay in the same sh- hole we're in right now
holding leftists were bringing peace. Are you so afraid of blacks that you can't call it like it is. Your an elite joke that should not be
Sir you are a deluded nut bag. You claim that every person protesting in Char. was a Nazi or worse. Yet the goodie wearing weapon holding
Go away Bernie. You're no longer relevant. You can just visit your wife on visitation days. Thankfully they won't be conjugal.
I think you are a great Reporter..loved your coverage of the gulf war...but recently you have unfortunately become hard to watch..
Don't give that commy any air time - socialism is for the weak minded.
is fake news! 
Go get a life, you who sold your soul.
Your racist interviews are so one sided it's a joke. Over half the country voted for change. You seem to still not get it. I served twice!
Health decisiveness. Why is that guy blaming Trump saying he lied. It is Congress and the Senate who want to keep their votes that quarrel.

Set an example for all your fellow colleagues at  CNN..do t become the news..just report the news!
Lol what a clown @SenSanders  and @andersoncooper or boomhauer...as I like to call him.
You don't have a clue.Start telling the truth
Omg I always thought of you as a person who worked hard had integrity. But your a sell out for lies or rates to bad.
Bernie should ask what Anderson and his mom are doing with all the wealth stolen from the forced labor of slavery...
Disgusting hypocrite...
can we form a green party in the middle & coordinate with other people who have the same values.  I can no longer be a democrat.
Be a Lateralist. See http://Lateralism.org 

The only honest political system in America right now
Please take the high road..never travel down the low road..enough of the rolling eyes and pooing on the presidents desk!
Bernie & wife lawyer up as FBI Bank Fraud investigation HEATS UPFeel the Bern #BernieBanks
Anderson's whole charmed life made possible off the backs of slave labor. Vanderbilt was brutal to his slaves...
Thanks for warning Anderson. Changing the channel. Bernie is a big part of the reason for the mess we're in now.
That's why we lose elections Robin because Democrats like you allow the party to get divided instead of getting behind great people
Wait... who's great? Hillary? She's certainly not as evil as some would make her out to be. But great? You are praising mediocrity.
but "yes" I think Hillary is great too and that's the point...do you find Republicans arguing internally?  No - they just clap their hands
Hi Anderson...why not add another guest from the Republican side such as Cruz..just to make it more fair and balanced...just a suggestion
Have somebody from the Republican side also..how about Cruz...lead the way in making your show fair and balanced...just a suggestion
Sanders is a good man
Sanders is an evil twisted crook and a fraud. He is a national socialist that is all you need to know
I disagree with that.
He should run again in 2020 and I would vote for him this time!
To late man, sorry, The biggest mistake of the Dems was not to hear the voters, @POTUS didn't have a chance running against @SenSanders.
Bernie, will you be in favor of heading a bill for politicians and their families to be covered by the health bill they approve?
Hey Anderson how much are your nothing burgers? And do you carry white lash?
Why is COST of healthcare never mentioned - true problem with healthcare & nobody talks abt it!  Truly disturbing!! Please tell us why!!!

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
Anderson, you lie. Beyond fake news! Here is you, lying, on camera, to the world.
Government programs are not free! The United States cant keep borrowing money to pay for things! Things need changed!
20 trillion in debt.  Thats like living off credit cards u max out 1 then the 2 then 3rd then 4th then u are screwed cause they want payment
At this point let obama care die! The demorats made this mess let them deal with it!
According to powers screw people who pay out of pocket due to 10 grand in deductibles along with ins payment of 1000 a month!
Ask him about his ties to Russia.
Free health care is the answer
Oh isn't Bernie under investigation for bank fraud? Maybe that's part of the reason he got so rich at the end of the election cycle.
Anderson Cooper and #CNN promoted the "Arab Spring" which created #Refugees crisis

#MAGA #DonaldTrump #tcot #UFCOKC #RawLA #AmericanPravda
#FakeNewsCNN
are you guys gonna can John Bonifield for spreading fake news??
Hi AdersonThis Erik De La Torre Stahl i won a Telly Award 2017 with my film The OtherSideOfTheLakeThePurpleGirl V Battle inTheSky.thanks adv
Are you going to talk about repealing Ocare?
What about the @Project_Veritas video?  C'mon Coop .. it's so over @CNN.  Come do the fill in for @JoeNBC @Morning_Joe #MorningJoe
... or, if you prefer, send me a phone number where I can rich you. I appreciate your attention. Have a wonderful day.
... that affected her and me. Please find me on FB as Patricia Cavanzo Burningham because I haven't find the way to communicate with you
Anderson, I need to talk to you about an accident that happened to my daughter in NYC in 2011 and all the legal, medical actions taking
Here milky bar kid,  how do u feel peddling fake news??
See who's laughing now:
Start covering breaking news: CNN producer caught admitting Russia story is a BS. WATCH: http://youtube.com/watch?v=jdP8Ti … #AmericanPravda
Join Anderson Cooper for more
FAKE NEWS!!!!
Watch CNN's Anderson Cooper caught lying to protect Hillary. This is disgusting! #AmericanPravda #CNNISFAKENEWS #CNNtapes #CNNisISIS 
Could be why your not allowed in press briefings

CNN Producer Admits Network Hyping 'Mostly Bullsh*t' Trump-Russia Scandal for 'Ratings' - Breitbart http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/06/26/project-veritas-undercover-investigation-cnn-producer-admits-network-hyping-mostly-bullsht-trump-russia-scandal-for-ratings/ …
CNN is a joke
Undercover Video Exposes CNN Russia-Narrative as Fake News @JamesOKeefeIII #fakenews
Project veritas just exposed u! Go hide in a cave u un-American fraud!
Sell out to journalism. Just saw the John Bonifield video. You guys all knew you were lying the whole time and spreading misinformation
It's like Robin Hood...taking from the poor and giving it to the rich!!! Put Congress on $50 hourly no overtime no bonus . Just comp time
CNN is no different than North Korean News
Pleeze help people! Cut lifetimr congress wages add that up for 10 years. Can anyone run for C
Just a reminder lol.  You are CIA fake news
Anderson please ask CNN to remove that stupid ad on your show? You know which one I'm referring to, it's offensive.
Millions of sick people had no coverage. Initially they get treatment, so cost will be higher at the beginning & should level out over time.
July 4th 2017 12:00 PM All Followers of @realDonaldTrump  should UNFOLLOW @realDonaldTrump  for 5 days. Please Retweet if you support this.
CNN = Clinton News Network ! #FAKE NEWS !
Muslim Ban is back on!!! #MAGA
#BankFraud ?
you sure threw your friend Kathy Griffin to the wolves. Oh that is right! Your a lily white gay man.
#BankFraudBernie
Please ask him about the bank fraud he is accused of by the FBI. Oh wait you are Fake reporting for fake news@CNN

#CNNISISIS
NO!!!!
Why didn't you ask Bernie about him and wifey facing bank fraud charges.

Anderson Cooper is 100% untrustworthy fake news!
YOU'RE ONLY AS BEAUTIFUL AS YOU FEEL AND I FEEL WONDERFUL! @SpeakerRyan @BarackObama
#FeelTheBern

#JustSaying
Now Bernie Sanders reportedly part of criminal investigation. http://fb.me/3s5NeI3Rl 
Hope you expose the profiteers that have made the system the mess it is.
Stop treating Sen Sanders as The Voice for the Democrats. He split the Party, villified Clinton, and handed the election to Trump.

Bernie Sanders what a joke he is. Under criminal investigation
Lol loser. Americas greatest loser Anderson Cooper
Two idiots together
Now that @SenSanders is found out to be a fraud, liar, and traitor.  Will you report on honest news? What about the Democrat Corruption?
No he won't.  @CNN doesn't have time for real news.
i was sad to hear that you and your wife are as crooked as everyone else. very sad. i thought you were the 1 honest man in washington.
OH, ANOTHER SMUT PRODUCER, READY TO GIVE HIS MORAL ADVICE TO AMERICA! HA, WHAT A JOKE!
Bernie will you and your wife be able to share the same jail cell or will it be separate prisons

What about bank fraud. You gonna discuss that?
Trumpcare giving to the rich and taking away from the middleclass and poor. Why are Republicans being voted in???
Wake up everyone.

Don't you have better things to ask him??
Wifecare b4 health care : give money to your wife so she won't work as barmaid senator .
How bout an intv on #BankFraud Bernie?
Or is it #BankFraudBernie now?
Damn Bernie you got real quiet real fast
You are one weird retweeter, suicides
I love how we all still politely pretend Bernie Sanders ideas aren't cancer, even after they destroyed countless countries' economies.
Obamacare is dead! Haven't you heard?
It's time to accept that the Democrats need a face lift
What a lying HYPOCRITE, you and plain Jane belong behind bars along with Bill and Hillary
Bernie, you forgot that you are being investigated by the FBI?

If you don't allow Israel to do whatever she pleases, to kill & slaughter with impunity you're an Anti-Semite
HOW CONVENIENT
Ruh Roh Bernie.
Bernie is a fraud
Bank fraud huh?
@andersoncooper if the FBI knew about Russia why did Comey come out about the emails rt b4 the election? #confused
so the scholl was to you an your wife like the clintons foundation a slush fund you dems are a joke never any plans just crooks an complain
Hey bernie if you are so honest an above reproach why did you an wife lawyer up an how much money did you get from the failed school ....
