Undermining democracies?what about Democratic party undermining you?
Bernie won at the undermining game. 
Thank him for trump.
I am grateful that my eyes were opened.never thought before that one of the candidates can be sabotaged by his own party.
I am grateful you got trump. You deserve him
You got it wrong he's only your president if you say he's your president #goldenshowers will never be anyone's president here real soon lol
His death spiral.......it will be glorious.
It will be more than glorious..
Hilarious coming from a socialist.
democratic socialist. big difference.
Everything owned by the state and "free" elections didn't go over well in Venezuela. Because socialism.
I'm sorry. Services owned by the state
Owned, or provided?
you so Murican. Putin is center-right, Venezuela according to Jimmy Carter has the best electoral system in the world.
False equivalency, though. A great electoral system doesn't guarantee great candidates. And again - socialism, not democratic socialism.
sadly Jorn great candidates are difficult to come by in any election.  Regardless of ppov.
You're shitting me, right? America undermines most democracies world wide! Then causes war.
Oh! You mean like it undermined European democracies in and after WWII?
Who's shitting who?
Name one democracy undermined by America.
you deserve the government you get
We did.
The SOB's who passed on Romney deserved it.
Those who bought the crap against Bush deserved it.
I hope you were neither.
I wasn't.
Sir If only we could role tape of all the things you said and then recanted.  Really. Find the written law he broke and then go cry Wolfe.
Much stupidity and lack of love for Americans.
He suffers from Grandiose Ideology. He is a wannabe. He wants 2 be just like Putin when he grows up.  Control everyone's moves. Order hits.
Just look what the DNC did to you and forced you to bow out if the election,just think you may have been President if you stayed
it's easy because you DNC lot are trying to do the same thing back home in America the last election proved that
Says the guy who admired Fidel Castro
And yet you hold Castro as a hero.
One thing you have to say about Bernie and his peeps...never a dull moment in crazytown
Coming from a Marxist.  Lol
We the People own this country We will never let our freedoms be stamped on TAKE IT TO THE STREETS PEACEFULLY Luv U Bernie
Trumps 100% right
Answer: Trump is not a Democrat. He is a Republicrat aka Racist.
Because they are cut from the same cloth
And Republicans defer to HIM!  Their fascism is showing again!
How is it that you sold to your opponent who your primaries rigged?
It's a more concrete scandal than possible collusion.
It's called negotiating, interacting, or generally trying to advance your cause. Hope I didn't write to fast for you to understand.
Thats BS Bernie when did Trump say he admired Barack Obama?
When in 1988 he married his wife, Jane, the mayor decided it would be a perfect place for his honeymoon.
During Bernie’s mayoral tenure, Burlington formed an alliance with the Soviet city of Yaroslavl, 160 miles northeast of Moscow.
Didnt u go to Moscow on your honeymoon?
This is rhetorical, right?
@sprbrighting101 and to make matters worse, an elderly man is attacked by his bodyguards and kicked in the face. we are screwed
They also choked a woman. Great big brace thugs welcomed by Trump to beat Americans.
People overseas have been killed in the name of spreading democracy.
Distance yourself from the Russia hysteria.
Funny coming from a Man who missed the deadline to turn in his DISCLOSURE SHEET THAT  CORRUPTED
Two of a feather.  Remember that bird that visited your podium?  #RussianSpy
A special business deal or two?
Bernie please stop talking this Russian nonsense.  Nobody cares.
And how is it that Mr Trump shows admiration for all of the rich people  who are already undermining democracies all around the world.?
Because he is just like him!
And the world will follow.
#MakeAmericaAntiAuthoritarianAgain!
@TerriMRay1 I wonder if Bernie would have won I have a feeling he would
Its kinda the same thing as a worm on a hook wiggling its last bit of life just so something will eat it to put it out of its misery.
I think he just cant bare thought of quitting having to accept he is a failure. Having had spent so much time each morning convincing hsothw
I know right. No one should admire Obama
How is it that you said in 2011 that Venezuela was an example we should all follow. just STHU #hypocrite #moron
Putin wants weak Europe & NATO & greater power. Putin is a ruthless dictator yet DT submits 2 & admires him. Why?Yet aggressive with allies!
He has a blindness towards Russia's ambitions & faults that defies comprehension, even if there are pee pee tapes.
Which I never want to see
And vice versa...
He wants to be admired for the same.  It's a narcissistic thing.
Which one? Erdogan, Putin, Jong Un, Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, or Duterte?  I'm sure there are more friendly-neighborhood dictators out there?
Hee should show "flexibility". In his 2nd term, when he doesn't have to face voters again.
Maybe Trump is a Russian deep cover spy left over from The Cold War Era. Why else would he have such admiration
You mean like the Democrats who bomb other countries & murder their presidents for their oil & everything of value to them
@realDonaldTrump please tell us why.....
I'm sorry "bernies intern" who never took a class about politics or economics they are just a "good soul"
Is that like sarcastic? Bernie your a socialist
Omg Obama was making nice with all our enemies.  Look at the Iran deal.  Obama belongs in jail treason giving aid and comfort to our enemies
The Iran deal is negotiations/diplomacy. 8 yrs/no impeachment. Trump gave away state secrets, violates emoluments, & obstructing justice/FBI
As President he gave Intel on a mutual security threats get a grip Obama funded a terrorists stare.  Get a grip
Well, he hasn't gone around the world criticizing and running down America like Obama did!
Says thE Venezuelan lover
What happened when democracy was stolen in the primaries? Did you stand up 4 us or play along and support the people that were responsible?
He's sick! Hungry for power and money.
@ILoveBernie1 how is it that the DNC rigged the primaries #DNCfraudLawsuit
Democracy is being destroyed by the moles in Congress who work for the Royals/Nobles, the Bilderbergs....in order to establish Divine Rule.
Preach!!! 
Birds of a feather...
well bernie how do you explain your admiration of stalin
Please cite a source for this statement. Otherwise, it appears you make up things as does the President...
He wants to abolish Democracy and replace it with an Autocracy.  Trump wants all of the power and control. We can't let him have it !!!
You'll have to be more specific :/)
And you're only focused on destroying the US.
I do not think he has professed his admiration for your socialist agenda
Because he has what @realDonaldTrump wants...absolute power
Either he is ignorant and doesn't understand the gravity of the situation, or he is colluding with Putin. Both possibilities are terrifying.
#DraftBernie to fight in the wars he provokes, ignores, & supports.
Re: undermining democracy, you kept silent during a primary while, let's forget you for a second,your voters were f----d over the whole way.
You must be talking about sharia law.
You know who has undermined Democracy since their inception? @DNC, who admits in court OUR VOTES DON'T COUNT. #deMOCKracy #DNCFraudLawsuit
No
Funny, you said nothing when obama was kissing castro's ass.
Because 45 is undermining democracy at home. They have so much they can agree on. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
How does it happen that he disrespects our allies, our revered countrymen, our institutions, women & subordinates? Moneylust, is my guess
You mean the House of Saud? You should know better  coming from the world's headquarters for undermining democracies. Disappointing.
That's "President" Trump!
Easy - Trump is an autocrat and would looove to be doing the same, but does not have the psycological ability to stay with a cause.
Negocios,solo negocios
Because he is a psycho just like him: BIRDS  OF A FEATHER FLOCK TOGETHER. I believe we are at OUR LAST DAYS 
#fakenews
You mean Barack Hussein Obama.??
His sons have already answered that question. Most of there bank dealings and money come from RUSSIA. Y does this continue to be overlooked?
You admire Hillary.
Because he is clueless
Good question
No proof that is happening from any country, Bernout.
Appalling!! And unbelieveable ! A traitor to the country
Sure is a good thing that we don't know about #Iraq or #Libya or #Afghanistan or #GulfOfTonkin or #TheLusitania or @Syria or... #PROPAGANDA
How is your wife not in jail?
For a leader whose country is an irreversible economic decline? A country w poverty steeply rising? Falling population? C'mon.
How does it happen that we still don't know who killed #SethRich
I can remember Nikita Kruschev vowing "We will bury you".  Apparently they were serious and they're still trying. It worries me.
Undermine democracies around the world?  Ummm!  That would be us!
Admiration? Just a healthy respect for a ruthless leader of a nuclear power.
Every  US president of the past 50 years has undermined  governments all around the world
Because he wants to learn
#45 loves money! and hopes maybe a casino in Russia?
What do you know about democracy Karl Marx?  Tired of your socialism and tired of Trump's lies and incompetence and bad hires like Flynn
Russians are laughing at us? Why? This is the DEMOCRACY in action. Checks and balances. Free Press. They can interfere, but we will prevail.
The same people who are trying to get rid of trump all the ones who already buried you think about it
Truth is 
Fundamentally Democracies dont suit Trump 
He doesn't like them 
You should know, you did the same thing with hillary.
Look, I'll be frank, this pushes the war narrative to its natural conclusion and I know that neither you nor myself, want that.
It is the American way, he is open about it, that's all. He did nothing to the American people. Since then no apology has been made
His high hopes he can accomplish same COUP here in USA! But that's a BIGLY HELL NO!
Because that's what he does as well.
How many USA backed coups, proxy invasions, "rebellions" elections influenced? Not Russia trying to be the global hegemon, it's USA.
China , Russia & US all are  vying for some level of  global hegemony
Not sure what "some degree" of global hegemony means. Global means global.
Actually -there is a a significant degree of entanglement & cooperation among the 3 , as well as competition .
Subvert Democracies? You'r not serious! 
No other nation on earth is responsible for more Coupes, Rig'd Elections, Regime Chg & Wars than US
Yeah. That's our thing.
You supported Clinton so you tell us.
Same way Obama did.
BECAUSE DEMOCRATS SUGAR COAT IT!!! THEIR ALLEGIANCE IS NOT AN AMERICAN ALLEGIANCE!!!!!!!!
could be all about the money. Follow the money trail.
sorry bernie, but america does that more than anyone #CNNTownHall
and look at his family in the eyes,let alone the country?
The Dems are undermining our democracy!
Yeah and @DNC was behind Seth Rich....
And whose supporters attacked Americans on American soil today.
Exactly.
That's because he is crazy unfit to serve in office
To be fair, his admiration was clear during the campaign already. How come that still so many people voted for him? Structural problem imho.
This is an absurd comment coming from an American.  What are US troops doing in Syria right now?
I think it happens by dividing the vote on the left allowing a sociopath to take the presidency.
Could be! No it's not! Yes aw, I don't know. Over my head.
How does it happen that someone who spoke against regime change and war for the wrong reasons can be such a rabid war-monger?
a criticism before he won electoral college, yet Americans refused to believe it then and refuse to believe it now. Denial=river in Egypt
@CNN #CNNtownhall, It is obvious to me that #Putin's #Russia is trying to break up NATO by interferring w elections in US & Europe! #Ukraine
You admired obama, he tried to transform our country, thank god he ran out of time!
You've proved yourself not an independent and your not a socialist  You are more of a Communist.  The Democrats didn't even want you.
It happens because he doesn't really believe in democracy.
Oh come on! You liberals are crazy. Hillary stabbed you in the back & you guys still kissed her nasty butt. President Trump is doing great!
But Bernie, only ALL of our covert operations said they believed Russia hacked and tampered with our last election. See? Fake news!
smh
Mutual Admiration Society
Birds of a feather.
VERY EASY TO EXPLAIN-TRUMPf is a wanna be despot- 'Not in America' I say
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
Ummmm didn't you honeymoon in the Soviet union? Oh but Putin is sooooo much worse than communists who killed millions
@TurnbullMalcolm Take note before you support this knucklehead again!
Why don't democrats want to work with Russia now?  It was fine when Obama did it
Keep your enemies close
A "leader" who arms Crimean separatists with weapons that allow them to shoot down civilian aircraft and then claims no involvement.
You had no problem admiring Hillary who did that for a living
Are you serious?  The us has been undermining democracies for a hundred years!
45 is a dictator wanna be
ARE YOU TALKING about obama
Which? Putin or Netanyahu?!
America has undermined more democracies then any other power on earth, pull your head out Bernie...
This is nothing to what really happens down there..they'll go after the whole family if required
two things. Money and vanity
Obama did the same with Iran and Cuba. Why such outrage over Russia now? I honestly don't get it
@realDonaldTramp is a TRAITOR, that's how it happens.
Did Bernie just wake up from a long winters nap?
Meanwhile Barack is making million dollar deals with Iran, and u are silent
A selfish leader of the nation of same class.
They R not interested to establish democracy in any country but their goals&benefits only.
Are you saying that about Bernie Sanders or Trump?
For All the US leadership.
It is the liberals in our own country that are trying to undermine our democracy because they will not accept the election outcome.
Name them? Start without using our own puppets...go
How are you called a progressive and think our country is really a democracy??
He is an authoritarian fascist.  Go Bernie keep calling like you see it
Because Trump doesn't want to be part of a democracy, he wants to rule over his subjects.
Sir, you would've won...we all know that. Now is the time to be preaching your healthcare bill.  Let Trump hang himself with the other Dems.
give me a break you're a communist faking it as a Democrat
You mean like bowing to Saudi princes.
Umm Bernie..
He's an ORANGE fascist!
He's a fascist. sir.
Yeah. Isn't that American governments job? Lol
Don't get wrapped up like the rest of the Dems trying to make Trump look bad. Talk policies and you might have a chance.
You mean the way Obama undermined the democratic process in Egypt?
You're such a phoney
