Free stuff for all sounds good to me.  Where do I sign up?  Who cares where the money's coming from.
If we have money for endless wars, we have money to keep our citizens healthy.
Yup. Then government gets to decide who lives & who dies...ask Charlie Guard's parents & the many who have "Universal Healthcare" worldwide.
Do you even know how many people have to choose between medicine and food now?  Millions
Nope just both
Slash the military budget in half.  Done!
Just the socially acceptable, reasonable point of view of passive mass murder underpinning GOP policies.
Your deliberate indifference & unwillingness to participate in public health support leaves you responsible for passive mass murder. Simple.
When you KNOW people in your country are dying as a direct result of your REFUSAL to participate in Nat'l Health, you're quite guilty.
We ALL have a moral, ethical & practical obligation to help each other. "I've got mine, screw you" is a death knell. Libertarian twerp.
so you would rather disabled people who can't work die because of abled people abusing the system?
So you think lazy people deserve to die?
Isn't the government obligated to take care of it's citizens?
We must stop insurance from buying out whole hospital systems. It is a huge conflict of interest when talking about high prices 4 services
It'll be worse if the gov't takes over. Free enterprise is the answer.
Free enterprise got us to a point where no one can offord the costs with or without insurance. Time for a new plan.
Government interference (medicare, regulations, etc) is what has driven costs so high.
Total bull shit
Do a little research.
Why didn't you get a job and help them?
Right, because Obama care works so well.  Its a national disgrace. Check how terrible gov't healthcare has disappointed our vets
But here in America it's not about saving lives, the bottom line is it making a profit? Capitalism and citizen health are contraindicated.
No one can spread the word better than tou. God bless you and your family always.
The article section there is why i plan to remove my organ donor status.
I'll put it on again when or if single payer becomes a reality.
Why is it i, and all my friends &family, all paid for FICA & medicare. Now you want to dilute my share &bring on everyone incl. Illegals
#BernieSanders #SinglePayer #Trump
You said it. God bless you and your family always.
Communism or Socialism? Take your pick
Who decides what is covered? Who controls the $$??
You cannot oppose #MedicareForAll and be pro-life. PERIOD.
In practical terms, #MedicareForAll embraces christian family values far better than anything from the @GOP.

And the middle class will approach poverty. While politicians us a health care system just for them.
I've had Medicare for 10 years.  It's wonderful.
A government led health system loses lives.
Yet some will lose their life, like old people. Death squads coming soon.
Giving everyone a gun could save lives as well. A lot of things could save lives.
Except where it doesn't, which has been proven everywhere it's been tried. #themoreyouknow
It may,  but the real reason is that our current system costs 70% more than other developed nations with worse outcomes. Flat wages 30 years
You know what else could save lives?  Ending ridiculous and unconstitutional wars.  Do you support @RandPaul and his objection to the #AUMF?
Our Government does not care about us peons. Y should they, they get the best health care possible.
I agree.  Where is the money coming from?
Lol @ a Socialist talking about poverty. Your ideology has created devastating poverty in literally 100% of countries that have implement it
That's bull
LMAO SO COULD STOP DRINKING SODA WHATS YOUR POINT SOCIALIST DESTROYS COUNTRYS WAKEUP PEOPLE JUST SHOW ME  SOCIALIST COUNTRY THAT DIDN'T FAIL
Saving lives is not what the GOP wants to do.
A free market HC system WILL save lives through efficiencies/R&D/low cost/charity. #couldashoulda #freemaeket #feelthebern #ga7 #follow
no it hasn't and you faved your own tweet you goofball
And prevents wasted dollars on crisis management preventable by preventative medicine not being done currently
I'll save my own life everyone else take care of yourself get the government out of your lives do you want people like BS running y life
Could? WOULD!
Who pays
It's called the Goldman Sachs Gold Plan: we live, you die.
Ask the parents of Charlie Gard.
It does save lives. Life expectancy United States 79. Canada 82. Saves $ 2. Delivery of HC per person per yr. U.S. 9451 Canada 4609
Prevention works better (and is far less costly) than reaction. Medicare for all allows prevention to become the standard.
Poverty is not a cause of death. It is associated with modifiable and non modifiable risk including genetic, social, behavioral factors.
Reduction in smoking and obesity, with increased physical activity will make a far greater impact and accounts for the majority of the gap.
Genetics, social, environmental and behavioral factors account for 90+percent of premature deaths among the poor. NOT lack of insurance.
Socialism!
TAX REFORM NOW
By redistributing resources from seniors t 55 year olds y are taking away valuable resources that seniors need for health care
*would
Keep up the good work!
Yes. BUT, get ready to hear how politically impossible it is, meaning we are beholding to insurance and drug lobby.
Indeed.
Death kills us all R U Saying Single pay will solve dying of poverty Why would a respected DR do such a thing to the poor that is a shame
Letting the government decide who lives and who dies is not an option, and that's exactly what the the single payer system does. No way!!
You not winning primaries COULD have been the best thing to happen to the USA other than Hillary losing.
My concern is the well worn hand offs from Big Med & Big Pharma already in place w/current system will only become further enriched.

@bernie_crazy pushing for 100% government control of our lives cause he is paranoid that us, the ppl, will prove to him, we R quite capable

For anyone who believes this crap, ask your grandma how good her Medicare is! Even if they have Medicaid with it, it sucks!
".. With liberty and justice and health care for all."
@InSpiteOfTrump @washingtonpost   Could?  Would!
How much was Dr Ansell paid to lie to the people! My doctors say different that I work with!!
Soooooo... How much are they paid to lie to you and others like you? See, that logical fallacy works both ways.
Of young, healthy workers. This is the stuf of the Industrial Revolution era...
Bernie, Medicare coverage stinks, sorry.
No it does not.
The US economy is Dickensian...relying on the flow of ever healthy workers...but US HC laws seem to abandon the sick completely in favour...
So can our current system
Medicare for all:55 up current monthly cost, 55 down double the current monthly cost
Bold statement. Not fully true, but bold.
Yes 1 system for all including our senators and elected officials
U.S. already has highest survival rates for most ailments. Try again old commie
A mandatory 20 MPH speed limit would save about 40,000 lives a year.
This is your party Bernie you support planned parenthood
Do you even know what Satanists are?  Take a moment to read about them and you'd be surprised.
Bwahahaha that was great!!! Wait, you were serious??! Bwahahaha
Look kid, this country was built on religious tolerance.  You're a stain on this country.  Also Batman sucks.
Eco, mommy wants her phone back
Or create even LARGER monoplolies resulting in bureaucratic fuckery
Not only save lives, Bernie, but benefit the economy. A fit, healthy populace means fit, healthy workers.
Paying everyone $30K a year whether they work or not also save lives.  Should we do that as well & which Senators will take a pay cut? #MAGA

Just like how it works wonderfully in Canada and Venezuela?
Government Medicare will let you die,just like at the V.A.
Sorry Bernie, we cannot afford $32 Trillion over next 10 years for your plan. Stupid plan! We want tax cuts...not increases!
Could? Wow, that inspires a lot of confidence.
Yeah like planned parenthood
If you want all Americans to buy into the Healthcare pro-life message then drop abortion on demand from Democrat platform. #MAGA
So Dr. Ansell did not volunteer his time to save people for free.  House calls perhaps? invest in a mobile surgical unit? #fakenews
32 trillion?  Where is that money coming from?  You're delusional.
