So now it's 16 mil?  What happened to 30+ mil projection?  All lies and scare tactics.  ACA is failing!!  My premiums way up since ACA.
It's a different bill. The first one they presented and failed was the 30+M. This is the "skinny repeal".
Does the number still include the amount Who will no longer choose to purchase due to mandate?
Yes it does! CBO said "primarily because there will no longer be an individual mandate to buy or pay a tax penalty. " Bernie and Dem's lie!
If the employer mandate goes away, people should be prepared to either be without insurance or pay dearly for it if they have pre-existing
Literally the way it was before the ACA.  My insurance was just fine!  This was a failed attempt at single pair or push for it!
Maybe yours, but a lot of other people were being forced into bankruptcy because of medical bills. Being a woman was a pre-existing cond.
That's because individuals are trying to negotiate with insurance pig bloated medical bureaucracies.
If Obamacare is so great-why did congress exempt themselves from it? Trump not even #Potus yet! #understandtheagrument
They did not. The law stated that Congress had to participate in it. Now, the GOP repeal and replace bills, all exempted Congress.
Congress has been exempt from enrolling in Obamacare the entire time.

Make up your mind on what kind of bullshit numbers you're wanting to peddle.  Seriously the numbers from this morning are different than now
They're affecting some who can't get and some who don't want it.  16M is closer to the cbo "don't want" number.
That's a simplification but it's murder trying to explain this in 165 characters
He numbers keep changing as different slivers get treated by successive cbo calcs
Ok let's go with that.  I do agree everyone has a right to affordable health care but, at what expense to everyone else
the easiest way to keep anything, affordable is to keep insurance and government ... http://tmi.me/1fjj2i 
Thanks for the help, Bernie. My prescriptions have gone up by 10x under Obamacare. That's on you. That's what you took. Affordable insurance
Charlie, I have a United healthcare Medicare complete policy that sends me my prescriptions by mail at no cost. Maybe you need2shop around .
Hard to shop around when most states have only 1 or 2 carriers, and they're dropping like flies!
Which is why we need Medicare for all! But the GOP wants to take away Medicare completely.
If you worked for it I agree with you. We the people don't owe you anything
2020 is getting slowly closer
Indeed but 2017 and municipal elections happen this year-city council, school board
Senatorto you and the DEM . Who is fighting with us & us  keep investigating the Russia ties don't let go 
PEOPLE LIKE YOU HAVE TO BE MORE BLUNT ABOUT THE VOTERS AND HOW THEY EITHER DO NOT VOTE, OR VOTE AGAINST THEIR OWN INTEREST
thank you for standing up to this hypocrisy!!!
A large part of that 16M CBO number are people who don't *want*  health insurance at outrageous prices, deductibles. They're not "losing"cov
Government will hurt us ethier way. There's no stopping it,  unfortunately
We need to stop hate on this world .  The world is already corrupted as it is without adding hate to the mix
Why was this vote soooo close? #godhelpus #educate
It's apparent the most if not all Republican Senators have no conscience, compassion, or empathy for voters they represent in the Senate.
You crazy old coo-coo bird! Coo-coo! Coo-coo!
Dr needs more money than the country has. 
All Government workers should be forced to take Obama Care.
Yet, ObamaCare increase mortality. From CDC's WONDER website data, excluding suicides, homicides, accidents, ODs, & other non-health deaths
countries with universal coverage have much lower morbity rates for all ages than US. Thank you for pointing out need for universal coverage
Also like you're not a bot like ShareBlue and MoveOn. Healthcare: Australia is probably best. Want choice, portability of prexisting, low $
Australia does seem like a reasonable option. Travelled there last January. Economy is good, people are healthy.
You're so full of bs.
Call the Rep bluff.
Tell Dems: pass the Daines #singlepayer amndmnt, it is a copy of the Conyers bill. #Medicare4All
Based on where we are going, Dem or Repub, Single payer will be the best option left. Still will need to control expense side of equation.
Single payer is cheaper and covers everyone.
If Obamacare were to be replaced with anything it should be with single payer. 
Never mind the massive increase in premiums & deductibles from ACA. Or the people who LOST their coverage from it. Explain that.
Like a lite version of Obamacare
Give em hell Bernie!!
God another health care rant
How dare Bernie fight for his constituents. What do you suggest he do? Scream about Russia?
Your right how dare him. Shits getting old.
Trump's hardline supporters will cheer as each former-ally is fed to the lions, until the day they are abandoned by their great leader.
And a vote for Obama care was a vote for a higher prices, limited services, higher deductibles and decreased employment. #RepealAndReplace
The repeal and replace aint happening. They tried and failed. They are onto sabotage obamacare even further now.
16 million aren't enrolled....
Obamacare did that.
Skinny repeal is just a sabotage of obamacare. They're counting on their moronic base to blame dems for the collapse. Probably would work.
How's your wife's lawsuit going, Bernie?
I would pay more taxes so everyone could have healthcare. And I do not make much money. If everyone did,it would be possible.Period #resist
people work their asses off at two jobs,put themselves through college,raise awesome kids by themself, pay their way & cant afford coverage
If you're a Mexican you'll have it handed to you
Ahhhhh, Bernie! I'm #stillsanders! Thank you for staying true and fighting the good fight.
A no vote on Russia sanctions is the more important vote you should be discussing.
Iran nuclear deal, don't wanna hurt that.
my vote is for Bernie in 2020 for President he would have had my vote in 2016 but backed out..
thank you Bernie for still caring!
Old man, go away- and take your bullshit with you.
THIS MEMPY PEMBY SOFT LANGUAGE WITH PEOPLE USED TO LISTEN TO A TRUMP AND THE LIKE GOES NOWHERE
Their rage is well-founded, I hope that fact isn't lost in the fallout.
Folks need to be responsible. Cancel the cellphone and pay their own ins. Stop! You're bleeding us dry!  Gov needs to but out!
You think you can pay for insurance with $50/month? Dream on!
It's a good start.  Change other habits and it may just work out.  I'm not speaking of the truly needy only of the ones with their hand out.
How did we ever survive before Obamacare? It's so wonderful the people that forced it on us exempted themselves from it.
But if ACA is repealed, Congress exempts itself.
A vote for Bernie Sanders was a vote for Donald Trump.
Oh please...get over 2016.
You've got no credibility anymore.  Just stop.
Thank you for keeping me in the know. I trust you and your knowledge of all things political.
Can you please explain why you voted NO on Russian sanctions?
GOPers just don't see what they're doing...
Between accepting DNC fraud & corruption,support for American imperialism abroad & in opposition to single payer u have no credibility left
With less coverage too!
bernie is fraud
You're simply a liar, Senator Sanders. You and the rest of the govt need to get the heck out of my healthcare. the anger at ur party is real
@SenSanders  your lunacy and willingness to lie is hurting the American ppl. You can only ride the backs of your herd of blind sheep so long
Hey Bern: If we can't eat & we can't take care of ourselves w/medical care, then we get really skinny, right?
That's weird because Obamacare upped my prices immensely and pretty much made my insurance useless, but you were all fo that.
But what can you expect from someone like you born with a silver spoon in your mouth who has never done an honest days work in his life.
just Repeal Repeal Repeal. Then get off your back side and work on it. Pole can't stay with OBC can't afford and Ins Co pulled out.backbone?
You don't live in USA if you want Single payer Ins no good wait mo/ yrs for Dr. I got family in country that has it. You need to go to Russi
Bern you were one of main ones did nothing the last 8 years to fix you heard thatOBCwent out of control Ins co pulled out. How dumb are ppl
Trump Fail
Why don't you pay their medical bill?
Where is the single-payer?
We are strong supporters but would you please explain just why you didn't vote for single payer?  I know it was disingenuous but still.
They will never pass a health care bill that's for the people... if they do they loose the money they get from lobbyists
WE WON..PRESIDENCY,SUPREME COURT,HOUSE,SENATE,GOVERNSHIPS..
EVERYTHING..SO SHUT UP 
Get behind a universal health care amendment!
Is the next one going to be called anorexia repeal? Lol

Hope so then the millions upon million that choose to pay the fine can get insurance. Good thing you guys aren't on this aca train wreck
2020
sanders the commie
Yeah. Like O Care. What a joke. Fear mongers. Same old crap from libs.
LIE! The "skinny repeal" allows the option to the customer to reject without penalty health insurance they can't afford anyway.
Tide is changing but repubs won't admit it. Overheard 2 older white men in Amarillo Tx saying they should fix rather that repeal. Wha???
Keep fighting for us!!
My premiums have already tripled and set to go up another 60% next year to be $10,000/yr more than I paid in 2009.
BCBS profits are up 145%.
Thats why the government needs to get out of everyones business. Privatize healthcare.
If it's so good why aren't you and all of congress on it???
A vote for you is for telling lazy people  to depend on the wealthy to pay for thier lives. Why is this the way you want things to be?
I shake my head at this idiot president
#SkinnyRepeal is a path to single payer, it's not by clinging to big insurance profit protections & promises!
If they could just take away the mandatory part and the huge fine that is going to gobble up my savings, that would be good.
most likely will be because they don't want to buy it, you people make me sick saying B.S.and soon as people wake up to both sides to see it
https://action.groundswell-mvmt.org/petitions/health-care-for-all-let-s-fix-this …

I DONT WANT TO DIE
you helped this guy elected!!!!
Last time I looked Obamacare was going up over 100% in most states- Shut the F up
the only one's that will be without insurance, are those that choose too. It's always about choice. Insurance should cross state lines.
Sanders you are the second worst thing that has happened to this country!! Trump is number1.. you both are criminals!!!
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens! Wake up USA!
Thank you Senator Sanders
Bank Fraud Bernie how many of that 16 million will not be forced to buy it and decide they don't need it. I bet it close to 12mill stop 
You helped create this mess so get off your sorry butt and help fix it but you don't know how cause your a leach suckling money from ur stat
Only rich white privileged men should have insurance, phuck everyone else
They can play with words/terms to deceive people on this #HealthcareBill - but people will suffer from their actions. Shout out NO.  
Why won't almost all your colleagues support SINGLE PAYER?  Because they want insurance industry cash?  Right? RIGHT?
Premiums are already to high! You haven't been paying attention.
Aaah!
That is why we voted them in.  Do away with it or get voted out. The people have spoken
My premiums are already drastically increased under horrible government intervention in the free market place you communist
Who Bernie do u have a list of those ur claiming would lose ins what about those who lost ins under Obamacare which has been a disaster
At least YOUR wife wouldn't have to worry..the PRISON medical staff will take good care of her....so relax..and write her letters!!
HowRU fixing,what isnot working now? All U R doing is putting out scare tactics "people wDie" &not being the solution.PeepsRloosing homes&hc
A vote for anything you support is a vote for racism and fascists of the globe, stop being the third Hitler.
Want to do more for America?  Move out.
Bernie, understand that over 6 million elected not to By into Obamacare. Over 100 million lost or canceled due to Obamacare. Thanks.
Any vote for @SenSanders is a vote without reading the constitution!
Retire
Skinny repeal? What the hell is that? Is that like a skinny cappuccino? Seriously though. Fix the healthcare system first!
Doctors should be worried about fixing their patients not their golf game. We have the best drs in the world,  but the costs are ridiculous
That's because I'm paying for someone else's insuarance that I can't afford on my own!
People wakeup to all the lieing and decevieing comming from the LEFT your not this stupid I hope
It's another "mean" bill in GOP clothing.
Oh and it would save 2 Trillion. And those people can find Healthcare elsewhere
Universal care for all funded thru taxes generated from the legalization of Marijuana more taxes for states too no higher taxes for anyone
How much higher can the premiums and deductibles go from where they currently reside?
Vote no
I see you never answer that question, but not surpise
No one trusts you anymore Bernie you only care about yourself. Socialist your a joke
You lost credibility when you lost to Hillary and you haven't stopped lying since.
Bernie, thank you for your tireless defense of the American people and your watchful eye on the Senate's healthcare actions. 
My premiums and cost have already gone up, my copay have nearly doubled, and they now make my generics third tier meds. Why?
My premiums went up over $1200 a year since Obama care and my deductibles up $1000. Stop lying, if Obama care is so good you go on it.
The "Skinny Repeal" is a trojan horse.  A vote for it,  is a vote for a full repeal. http://www.rgj.com/story/news/politics/2017/07/26/heller-says-he-backs-skinny-repeal-obamacare/513593001/?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter … …
To "take" ins. from 16 million?  These are people you forced to buy it in the first place.  Your dishonesty is breathtaking.
@genecollier which is it? Sanders says 16 mil Kaine says 32 mil and you retweet both. SMDH 
#berniebankfraud
Umm #SellOutSanders Democrats already did that w/ #ObamaCare try to keep up..
It seems that many republicans only care about the bottom line, failing to see that people matter and are struggling.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
EVERYONE, including the president, should have the same ins. the rest of us get, including paying for it! 
THAT WOULD CHANGE THEIR TUNE!
@SenSanders Introduce amendment to provide ALL Americans with same health coverage that senators and congress get! Put them on the record!!

Don't you think bringing article of impeachment against 45 will suspend destruction of healthcare? Certainly enough info to begin.
Shut up Bernie
pleasedontdie
They've already increased by 25% and people lost their healthcare when the bill passed. Do you even know what's going on?
"Take?" You mean ending fines on 16 million healthy people who decide not to buy overpriced plans they don't want is now taking?
That is a complete lie. You are A fraud, bank fraud included, an #ivorytowerelitistcoward and #fearmonger who spreads lies and violence!
It's not taking it away - it's making it their choice
Jerk
The plan isn't to repeal. The plan is to economically destroy ACA. Great for CEOs & top 10%. Bad for everyone else.
Keep fighting Bernie! We got your back.

Wow I thought dems were telling us 23 million nows it is 16m? Dear sir and dems. Yr wrong this time and uR going to have blood on uR hands
Bernie you & Jane better start working on your bank fraud case. Ur not even credible anymore. Start looking for a nursing home. U need it.
Repeal!!!!!!
"A vote for ObamaCare will decrease premiums for the American Family, on average, of $2500" "if you like your doctor.." cool talking pt
You do realize premiums under OCare already doubled or more in many places, right? Plus huge deductibles. Unmitigated disaster.
No skinny healthcare. We want the same coverage that you enjoy.

45's Twatter about Transgender in the military is meant to inflame and distract from the #repeal resistance. We can't be distracted.
No this was obamacare bernie. You're in the wrong year
Congress wrote themselves out of #ACA plans.Let's make them have 'skin in the game' and find a solution that truly works for all. #pophealth
The GOP crooks just can't find a way give the rich a tax break & screw millions of poor, hard working Americans.  Fight them all the way!
Bah!! Facts - who needs them??

Let's worry about transgender volunteers in the military

First order issues
Yeah 16 million Americans will not be forced by the jack booted federal government to buy insurance and will choose not to buy it.
Again, how many folks out there still not on ACA?  Also, how many with ACA can't go 2 Dr. Because of high deductible?
Will this ever be fixed? Or this is a new political see-saw? Shame that none is honest about it! #HealthcareBill #HealthCareVote
Yes
You, Senator are a fear monger
Let's see Bernie every day and sometimes throughout the day you change that number - goes to show you are clueless.
The creation of Obamacare increased the premiums of everyone. Really it can not be worse then where we were before Obamacare.
Oh Bernie ur numbers get more outrageous each time u post
Blah blah blah.  People wont be forced into bad healthcare.  How bout you take what your forcing people to take?  Crickets!
Why did u guys vote in the last heath care with out knowing what was in it Then to top it off we have to pay a penalty everyyear
No, it isn't.  Repeal/replace.
That number seems to be going down.
It must be pissing you off big time how well Team Trump are doing. Why DNC implode IT'S JAIL TIME
PURE SPIN FROM BERNIE.???
You mean Obama careless don't you. Never once did you care about the middle class your hurt with that program You Liberal Losing Hypocrite
Ins. Co.s are culpable for the demise of healthcare system. I am a RN and I have seen it all. Profits on People. The answer: Sngle Payer!!!
Just keep this in mind.  The dems started this health care disaster.  They couldn't manage medicaid or the VA and this was a good idea?
Where were you when my premium double because of OBAMA CARE.  Jerk. Go get a real job and do something productive.
What morre does this man have 2 do b4 u IMPEACH? Nixon's rolling over in his grave saying "seriously"?! Put country over party & fundraising
How ab finding time in ur busy day 2 IMPEACH?? Has everyone lost their minds & forgotten how 2 put country iver party?  IMPEACH!
Just republicans trying to sneak thru the back door

Can we not? My husband says we have the same insurance as congress. I'd give it up, and pay even more to have healthcare for all citizens.
