A majority of Senate Democrats support Bernie Sanders' $15 minimum wage bill http://huffp.st/Bj4DJkL  
Why is flipping burgers worth $15 an hour? Why is sitting behind a retail cash register worth it?
why should a chef/person working at a restaurant full time not make enough money to not live in poverty?
Have you ever flipped burgers 60 hours a week and had to explain to your kids why theres no milk because rent increases take it all?FFS
Are there no other job options or opportunities?
Yes, & they all pay minimum wage or slightly above! Unless, or course, you're lucky enough to go to college...
But you do need to earn more than minimum wage...
Remove the experience red tape &give hands on training. Med techs  Management, Ins,hospitality not necessary Associates degree
Give up Bernie. You need to have low wage starter jobs to gain experience, then if you prove yourself, you should be able to quickly gain.

good news!
The market must dictate the minimum wage!  Forcing an excessive increase in pay will destroy small businesses and kill jobs
If you take economic advice from Bernie Sanders you truly are a lost soul
If you don't like your pay, get a new job!  Free enterprise government stay away, you Jack Wagon!
Are you trying to bankrupt small businesses dude?
Maybe trying to get people off welfare to make a living?
At $15 an hour the prices of everything would rise so people could afford employees. We would be in the exact same place we are now.
A $15 min. wage makes no sense in rural US. It's game over for small businesses like mine, and I voted for Bernie.
Democrats don't understand economics. Who knew?
And small business have closed their doors because of it. Real progressive you moron, have fun ordering a burger from a robot, idiot.
Thanks for killing small businesses with overpaid labor costs.  Add the requirement for employers (in CA) to also provide HC we're done.
Get ready for a huge spike in millennial unemployment if this passes
And now Mc D is working on serving you with a KIOS. What is a Kios min wage. Robotics, BERNARD, is the future. Socialism doesn't work.
the minimum wage is always 0 because you may be unemployed
You're brainless. Your radical socialist ideals will never play out in these United States. Quit brainwashing my generation and get a job.
Translation:  Democrat plan to keep blacks and other minorities in their place.
How about zero minimum wage let the market decide. I can assure I've met a few who aren't worth $3hr
YOU AREA COMMUNIST.SOCIALISM AND COMMUNISM WILL NEVER WORK. SEE VENEZUELA, RUSSIA & EVEN CANADA. MOST PROGRAMS GONE FROM THE PEOPLE!
And now they make 125.00 a month less while you own 3 houses and a expensive sports car.  #BankFraudBernie
Mr Sanders request a meeting w/Trump on the minimum wage, rising rent dilemna, crime tax haven or reform. Mr Trump respects SandersJob train
In last 3 years I've had .03% raise in Social Security not much more in VA disability. R U raising these benefits to match the $15, BET NOT
You were told that Vermont doesn't give a flying rat's ass about your opinion so many times, yet for some reason your wool has been fluffed
Yes and since then the parking attendants to my gym and favorite sushi joint have been replaced with machines.. Thanks Bernie!
If this happens, thank god it wont, and unemployment increases over 10% let's not play dumb
Truckers in Vt. on avg make $15 an hr. So now ur gonna tell a licenced pro his/her job(pro training necessary)is only worth minimum wage!
And then you raise the cost of living and add to your multiple houses.  You're such a hypocrite.  3 Houses isn't enough Bernie?!?!?!
The fact that "minimum wage" is still a political talking point shows the dire need of teaching economics in the classroom.
You're just going to see small businesses decreased to be less jobs and less employment good job Bernie
Still crazy. You'll cost countless people their job, prices will skyrocket, it is the vision of a lunatic.
If they dont like thier pay go somewhere else or get smarter.
Everything will go up according to the minimum wage a domino effect Bernie not to mention if you can't afford to pay your workers
The majority of congress critters understand nothing about economics.
.@SenSanders it still is crazy. And dumb. And will lead to even higher inflation.
That dosen't make it any less crazy Bernie.
It is crazy, but that doesn't mean it won't be pursued by populists who want to offer an easy fix to complex issues that won't work.
The people who worked made the rich rich they want their share and deserve it,
That kind of moronic attitude is why they are employees and not employers.

Justice for Seth Rich .This is the petition link if you haven't signed yet please retweet https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/868619692067479552 …
oh good now i can afford to keep every light in the house on 24/7 and the tv too.  for a second there i thought that carbon tax had me beat!
Hey bernie did you start out at $15/hr? 
How do you afford to live in your mansions and drive your luxury sports cars? Socialism?
28 Christians killed in Egypt by Islamic terrorists. US liberal response? Trump sucks. Open borders. No vetting! Get with the program BS
just drive to the coffee pot for a 4$ cup every morning that makes sense to me
oh boy, now i have money for cigarettes again, maybe i can even afford to keep the t stat at 75 & wear shorts all winter long
Bernie trolling Hillary on her crazy comment. 
@HuffPostPol wow, that be awesome if out didn't wreck the economy
Here's another crazy idea.  A living wage.  A wage that protects human life within the functions of economics. That can't be gamed.
I frespect hi opion but lot of people don't deserve 15. Per. He.
The irony is that increased wages would provide the biggest boost for the economy.
Here's the thing--we act like 15 dollars an hour is radical but the minimum wage in the 70s was equivalent to that
Rofl! How did you get so rich?
>still crazy
$15 dollars would put many out of work.
WHAT MILLIONS YOU MAKE THINGS UP WHO EVER YOU ARE THE ONLY MILLIONS THAT WORK FOR LESS THN $5 IS THE 22 MILLION ILLEGALS YOU WANT TO STAY
Got get"em Bernie. Hey. All trump and start helping him with healthcare
If you want the American population suckling the gov's teet, stick to Bernies plan.. He's been doing it for 50 yrs, and he owns 3 houses!!!
@HuffPostPol  A minimum wage increase would most likely increase other wages and those wage increases would go back into economy
Is the engine to improve not only Workers but MainSt, MidCl and Poor
That made America GREAT not current DT Adm/GOP Cong goals
We've had to fight against these NeoLib DEMOCRATS; they are corrupt establishment Dems who have become millionaires selling out #WeThePeople
Burning Barack and Hillary are going down in flames. Are you going with them? Tell the truth of what you know. Your soul can still be saved.
Like socialism, once you start giving things, people will complain if the government stops. People will choose the path of least resistance.
It is much better to help people be successful, and not just put on a temporary Band-Aid.
You're still crazy!
$15 minimum wage is not as crazy as some of my so-called libertarian friends suggested. I would pay someone that much once my business grows
It's still crazy and stupid.
More money = more income tax money for government. That's all you care about. The middle class will end up paying like always
10 people get a raise and 15 people get fired.Not a good idea, let the free market determine wages,govt intervention always screws it up.
Socialism at it's finest! 
My only concern is that this will drive many minimum wage employers to more automation which will cause a zero net gain or worse.
Bernie Sanders is basically a modern day Jesus!
And how many business have closed in California and Washington state as a result?  Don't let facts get in the way
$15 is not the Vermont Minimum Wage ????????? Y NOT
Hillary has supported it since she was a boy growing up in Brooklyn
How many jobs did that feel good policy cost?
Maybe you can't afford an employee. What you think they are worth doesn't change the cost of living. Save your story.
@12newshoe @HuffPostPol ppl wonder why businesses are closing for lack of help, but they won't pay enough for them to live here
Exactly 
We need to go back a few years when the minimum wage was implemented and then adjust for inflation for a more realistic minimum wage!
And how many small businesses have closed due to this?
The list keeps growing.
Don't want people in poverty, Bernie?
Stop destroying jobs.
$15 NOW not enough, let alone by 2024. Goal shouldn't be an absolute number they can make useless by postponing. Should be a % of an index

And many have now lost their jobs and are making $0. SOCIALISM!
Most politicians, Republican & Democratic just do as the corporate lobbyists tell them, you keep pushing for ordinary people, & get it done
Bernie, get dopey ass Schumer out of the background of your picture !  Gonna make people throw up !!!!!
X
Clinton celebrates her role in killing #Libya's head of state which led to ISIS takeover https://wikileaks.org/hillary-war/  
where is the bill, what r u waiting 4?
Still crazy dude.
#DTS just wait you're going down! #Swampdweller
And they are the ones that will be replaced by robots, who don't need paid. #LostJobs
Why not raise the minimum wage to $481/hr. All full time employees would earn $1,000,000/year.
Bernie it's time to step aside u r killing the Dems
Always spending someone else's money.
This will also demolish small businesses. Corporations will be able to adjust...but mom and pop shops will be crushed.
Still no answer on what happens to people already making $15/hr. I suppose they just get downgraded to poverty. 
Because you opened a Pandora's box!
Bernie loves it all for free he paying the exter minimum wage
Finally
So that means the DNC and congress will start paying $15 and even obay labor laws?  Pay women an equal pay?  Wow.
$20 an hour would be "QUANTITATIVE EASING" for the millions who've funded the BAILOUT, WARS, AND Hillary's Senate/SecyOfSt salary increases!
Bernie Sanders has ONLY "5M followers"?
Fu***** PLEASE!
IF it were only 15M - I would question it.
It relates the impotence of Twitter.
A $15/hr minimum wage is too high for some areas,but in order to get a decent raise of the #MinimumWage, it is best to aim high.
I'm going to laugh my old ass off when Sanders and his millinial minions run jobs into the ground. Can you say bread lines.
.@SenSanders what do you know about the murdered DNC staffer #SethRichCoverUp he was on your side Bern; you ok with Murder? So sad
"a majority of dems" not all, just a majority smh #FeeltheBern
Bernie, u should live in Canada. We have all the things u are fighting for and no TRUMP!
You all sent most jobs to China while trying to #AppeaseTheUnions. Now you will send remaining few by #ObliteratingTheBusinesses. #Thanks
No !
Of course they do: it helps buys votes.  Please tell Schumer to fix his glasses, thanks.
When government dictates wages, all products go up and the artificial wage becomes worth less than the original wage. Educate yourself!
Bernie- you're crazy buddy. Retirement time. Enjoy your pension.
I know u have absolutely no clue, but what about the people that are actually earning $15 an hr now. Do u think their pay will go to $20?!
U r all sick.
It is crazy. Not governments job and many corps already paying more tgan 15 / hr.  You will hurt small business and cost many their jobs.
2/2 up 2, so gal. of milk will now cost customers $6.86, U can't afford that price, I close my business now that employee has $0 per hour...
1/2 I'm guessing ppl don't understand milk is $3.00 gal. Now I have to pay my employees $15 hr, my cost have gone up cause now my taxes go
Interesting, how can people live without assistance. Shouldn't be an issue. Employers may have to sell more widgets with a smaller profit.!!
And a mjority of restaurants and businesses are hurting because of it.
Socialism/communism/Marxism has never worked any place it has ever been tried. Always fails. It will fail here if ever fully attempted.
And now have been replaced by machines leaving them making 0 dollars per hour.
and I used a kiosk at McDonalds to order my food.
While Bernie buys another house...
But if the minimum goes up to $15/hr takes effect, wouldn't that increase the cost on everything else? How is that suppose to help?!
I am a former public ed teacher that took a pay cut to change professions in order for more wage growth down the road.
A minimum wage increase will hurt educated professionals trying to get back into the job market.
@SenSanders You might want to consider body slamming a reporter to win over a few Republicans.
Bernie what happens when corporate America utilizes AI technology because of forced govt standards? I don't want to lose my job to AI
Yes it is crazy. Do you know how many business close and went somewhere else because of that? I know of a few. Now they have no jobs.
Too bad the House & Senate own the Majority
Still waiting to hear y u still pay your interns only $12/hr and not the $15 u want everyone else to pay.
Love your Bernie and love what you stand for but you have absolutely zero clue about what your talking about when it comes to the economy.
And now kiosks and robotics are taking the entry level jobs.
When all the prices go up because of the $15 minimum wage, your $15 an hour doesn't mean shit because you can purchase less. Economics 101.
The $15 minimum "livable" wage is the biggest joke I've ever seen. Cost gets passed on to the consumer you liberal fucks.
if you raise the salaries you make everything go up. Try to control house prices & rent, if you keep them lower salarie's enough
@HuffPost @politico Socialist!
Progress, finally!
Will I be able to have three houses like you Bernie you know share and share alike
just bc other ppl support it doesn't mean it's not crazy. It's absolutely crazy. It's not a real policy proposal.. it's idiotic.
What about the minimum wage for the service industry??
Millions of voters refused to take "no" for an answer so the corporations automated their jobs.
How many of these senate Democrats ever employed a person ...
How do you guys live with yourselves? You are drenched in hypocrisy and lies
That's right illegal voters and you know you've got them in your pocket
You're just trying to increase your voter base to match the unskilled immigrants that are here illegally
There would be great jobs paying 30 bucks an hour or more in minimum wage would not be an issue.
If the Democratic leadership over the last eight years have been such globalists and moved thousands of jobs overseas
They need that to pay for insurance coverage.
Why did you pay less tax than Trump Bernie? You couldn't care less for the people, you care about your income, not theirs. Own it.
A few years ago we were told owning MORE than one house was "crazy."  But Senators refused to take "no" for an answer!  #senator3houses
Bernie - You make no sense ! Why didn't you raise $15 a few years ago ? You, Obama and all the Dems could've voted for it with Obamacare.
@HuffPostPol I'm a automation engineer More jobs will go robots don't need a vacation! I'm already busy I will take more work
States that have done so = shown Workers, Families, MidCl + MainSt doing 
much better than other States choose GOP platform for constituents
There are no state with a $15 MW. The highest is Washington at $11. But it also has a 109 COL index
there are regions with $15/hr wages like in WA State
and it's spreading=jump on board Gregory+enc it
What regions? Research says the closest will not take effect until 2020
Not happening
Sen Sanders, if you raise it to $15 the human becomes more expensive than the machine. Jobs will be lost.
Not to mention the cost of the products will sky rocket
Absolutely! Minimum wage is a job killer.
Well Trump is creating jobs and Bernie wants to destroy Trump. It's not about the people it's politics
Well both Trump and Sanders have done things to warrant some concern. New budget does not encourage job growth.
And small businesses are shutting down or moving
I just hope the millennials don't burn out from all this. They can't stop fighting!!
Why stop at a minimum wage. We need to legislate a maximum wage of $50 for Congress, DRs, lawyers, teachers, actors, musicians, potus, CEOs
we need to increase minimum wage and DECREASE wages for the super wealthy
As Carson said #PovertyIsAMindset, what you just wrote proves it. Why not U study higher/think smarter to make more. #ExtraMileIsAlwaysEmpty
And now it should be $20
If you want a raise you should probably start with getting my order right in the drive-thru. But I guess a 'large number 6' is too complex.
@HuffPostPol Actually, you were told that last year... it just seems longer.
Just have a minimum shelf on when taxes start $20,000.00 tax free!
Venezuela has raised their minimum wage six times in the last year... just sayin...
Not crazy. This is one good way to make America greater
CONGRATULATIONS on earning over 5 million followers, Bernie!  #FeelTheBern #OurRevolution #PoliticalRevolution
The minimum wage in Australia is over $18 and we have great healthcare GO FIGURE
How much does bread cost?
Terrible idea. You're pricing low skilled and children out of the workforce and encouraging less hiring and expansion. Short sighted.
It's like you didn't ever read or study basic economics...
Go ahead Bernie put them out of a job by a computer
You go for it Bernie#for the many
You are hurting everyone!  Why?  You are old enough to know an increase would cause food, clothes, gas, rent, etc. to go up!  Stop this!
If $15 is ok, why not $30?
BERNIE
And that is why we will be moving out of the Red South to head Eastward where they like people, pay them $15.00/hr, eat organic food, and...
Has anyone proposed a flexible minimum wage based on profits? With low & high capped.
Thanku bernie for standing up
@HuffPostPol and wal-mart is already working on this along with some other top-notch companies  @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC
