We got Nazis & Fascists too. Like just before the Great Depression
That was just after the great depression tho.
Mussolini won as  prime minister in 1924. Hitler tried a government takeover in 1923 but was arrested, went to prison & wrote Mein Kampf
True but you're tweeting to an American senator. They didn't confront Fascism til Hitler declared war on them- a week after Pearl Harbour
Fascism came out of WWI & ending Monarchy. Like now European & American. It exploded w/Great Depression. Trump’s waiting for any explosion
I'm aware of European history, but the U.S. is on a different time line.
It’s world history
Did it at university.
Wanna be equal?  Go earn it!!!!!  It’s America!!!  Sky’s the limit unless you are full of excuses!!!
3. White man $120k per year, black man $80k per year, white woman $60k, black woman $40k per year.
If that were truly the case, white men and black men would be hard-pressed to find work because black women would be hired exclusively.
It’s a patriarchal society. Men will always get paid more as long as things stay rigged in your favor.
Um, straw man lol.  I make less than all the women I work with!  Strange!!!!  Hurry, call the patriarch folks and send them to help me!
People are ONLY equal under the law.
- those of us that are familiar with SF,ground zero for progressivism R familiar w/obscene inequality -http://sfpublicpress.org/news/2014-03/poor-is-the-new-black-segregation-in-san-francisco-today …
So you remember it! That is an old joke in case you cant figure it out. Time to retire. Term Limits. Drain the Swamp.
Caused by the dems.  Thanks for sharing bernie.
We should use taxation as a means to get the wealthy to pay livable wages. Let them choose, pay their employees more, or pay more in taxes
We should all be paid the same! And no more private companies! Bernie's way! What a nut!!!
The sooner you accept that everyone is not the same. The better off you'll be Bernie. People only deserve what they work for and earn.
Why isn't Congress addressing inequality? Is it because it thinks democracy is a word one says, but doesn't mean-- a circus of corruption?
Inequality does not mean inequity, Bernie. We all have the same opportunities in this country. Failure is on the individual.
So me growing up poor I have the same opportunities as a grandchild of the Walton family? Please show me where my trust fund is?
I agree failure is individual though how much money can top tier take b4 problem? If the .0000000000001% took it all is it still individual?
Wealthy pay higher income tax than you or me. Yes. No one oppresses anyone. Make your life what you want, if not, you're to blame
1/ The question I present is this. How many hours a week should people work in your opinion so that they are entitled to live? In many
2/ places 40 hours a week no longer cuts it. This is due to capitalism spiraling out of control with all wealth flowing to the top. The top
3/ pay more tax true but they don't pay their pay share. They pay more numerically but as a ratio % of their income they pay much less.
4/ Also trickle down economics seems to have failed us the last 30 years as inequality has only spiraled out of control since then.
Nobody knows how to ensure inequality better than you. @realDonaldTrump regularly pays 25% tax while you only pay 13.5%. Lead by example.
Oh are you the only one privileged enough to see his tax returns? No one else has....

In 2005 
lies lies lies
- Bernie U need to get out more....
AND CHUCK WAS THERE RIGHT... CHUCK... NO REAL JOB... NEVER SIGNED THE FRONT OF A PAY CHECK, HAS ALL THE ANS. TO EQUAL OPPORTUINITY..
If you were born in 1800 you're the same age as Uncle Bernie!
i grew up richmond in 50s. oh yes i have.
Blah blah blah
Bernie, Until you address the drug culture that currently destroying black communities all across the country. Nothing will change...
Hey Bernie can I borrow about 2k? Or live in one of your houses for a bit while I save some cash?
Actually, the inequality is quite Dickensian.
Reading about it isn't SEEING it. Nobody is alive from 1860's Dickensian UK. So no, we haven't seen inequality this extreme in our lifetime.
We all should know the "Great Depression" followed that. Why anyone would argue for & support income inequality is beyond reason. Go BERNIE!
Except in the 1920s people still knew how to grow their own food and make their own shoe laces!
Bernie, capitalism closed that gap up through 1960's.  Social programs from the mid 60's on have widened back out!
How many houses do you have now, Bernie?
When all the people arguing realize our enemy is the 1% we can change things. They continue to #divideandconquer
Democrats have entrenched themselves as the power people and created this inequality .Time for equal punishment for crimes against the state
The same liberal, pandering lies of devisive identity politics!
Whatever that means..
My parents were.They taught me well, that's why I have a disdain for greedy Republicans.im familiar 1929The GOP meshes with greed perfectly.
I believe the Democrats rise to power started in the 1920's.
You own three houses shut up
He and his wife make $200k a year combined... Hillary made $200k a speach... He does not need to shut up
Trust me, the American people know how bad it is, but the people in power don't care & won't stop it. Just like everything else
We are back to the rich in the ivory towers days and us in the scullery
No mention of up to and including the year 1963 before that little Act was passed??
How do ppl not understand that if the rich don't pay more, everyone else has to compensate, esp middle class. Can't run country w less tax $
Right, also logical and basic economic equation.  Beyond scope of many to comphrend.
Ironic that this comes from a public servant whose wealth greatly surpasses that of the public he is suppose to serve? #homemanyhouses
How so? You think only someone living in abject poverty can advocate for less income and wealth disparity? You must loathe FDR, then.
A person who has accumulated his level of wealth solely though serving a public, that is experiencing this level of disparity, is overpaid
You're sadly mistaken about his level of wealth, his income, his work experience, and his advocacy. Tsk. And how did FDR obtain his wealth?
You’re right, it’s not fair some can do nothing their whole lives and own 3 mansions.
3 MANSIONS? Wha…? Where do you get such malarky?
You deny Bernie has 3 mansions?
Damn right. He has a mortgaged DC Flat, a 4-bdrm VT home, and Jane's cabin bought with inheritance from her folks. Mansions, huh?
So, it’s a matter of perception? Here’s someone who would call it a mansion. Pretty good for never working a day in his life.
What crappola. So you're a panhandler? That's why YOU accuse him of having "mansions"? Damn, I guess you think my 3-bdrm is a mansion, then.
It’s all in perspective. 3 homes for someone who never worked.
Never worked…!?! You think he never worked before being elected mayor of Burlington? You have no clue.
If you live in socialism countries today you do.
Huh…? You think social democracies like Finland, Holland, UK, Canada, Australia, Norway, Denmark, Sweden have that level of inequality?
They are capitalist countries with big welfare programs. Not the same. They also tax more from everyone and are highly homogeneous
Right. They are the SOCIAL DEMOCRACIES Sanders would like us to emulate. But… homogeneous? Wow. Talk about RACIST! For shame.
No, they aren’t socialist. The gov hasn’t taken private ownership from citizens. Welfare program come from theft by gov, but not socialist.
Again, they are SOCIAL DEMOCRACIES. What Sanders advocates! You are sadly misinformed.
From Denmark themselves.
Silly semantics. The Danish PM doesn't like Sanders using "Democratic Socialist," and prefers "Social Democracy." So what?
Equal pay for equal effort. Having babies like their puppies isn't effort.
Lmfao, *walks from the Tenderloin to Market st. In San Francisco*

We’re equal under the law. What’s the Constitutional mandate for equality of income?
That's not what anyone advocates. That's communism. We want rich people to pay their fair share so poor people can buy food...
How much is "fair?" Who decides what's fair? The "rich" pay vast majority of taxes now. How much more? Do we include Bernie's houses?
Bernie and Chuck are the crisis.  I just assume they are both senile.  Which is better than assuming they are stupid or crazy
So, where do I buy a gender neutral bra?

Political correctness goes to far nowadays.
So you're the only one who can comment then Bernie
This guy is was ..
BERNIE THE GREAT DIVIDER. Divide Dems, divide spoils with Clinton and get beach house, divide nation now. What a JERK.
All you do is stir up hate and dissention between races in this country, Mr Panders. Please stop.
6000 tweets in 3 weeks. You, sir, are a . How is the weather in Russia today?
Lol
I seem to remember reading the 1920s are economically amazing. Who cares if we're equal if the poor are less poor?
Maybe we need a socialist
Living in the United states puts you in the top 1% of the world. Sorry but life is good right now.
Yeah the poor were walking/riding horse while rich drove cars. Now poor just drive slightly slower cars

Your right congressional leaders are MILLIONAIRES at a rate of 51%. Regular people at 3%. You have atleast 3 mansion around the country or 4
He and his wife COMBINED make $200k a year... not alot. Also 4 bedrooms does not equal a mansion dude...
Trump is a gift to the super-rich and the military industry http://www.tomdispatch.com/blog/176333/?platform=hootsuite …
Addressing our inequality crisis!
Honey your correct inequalities in Salisbury MD
