He needs to go asap. Why is someone under investigation allowed to affect our country so much? Stop him before it is too late.
Wow. Really? Hillary was under investigation, and she ran for President. Didn't you vote for her? And she's a crook. Amazing.
really? and yet she was investigated, cooperated and was found NOT gukity, unlike your liar in chief.
Would love to hear your definition of cooperation?? I'll check back
been teaching them untruths about this country. Racism was on it's way out before you crooked establishment jerks put your man Obama in the
There should be widespread concern about your current legal battles.
How's your #moneywhore of a wife doin? #BankFraudBernie #thief #crookedbernie #fbi #investigation #LockHerUp #lockhimup
as opposed to your widespread disregard of tax and banking laws?
But Bern what about your wife's troubles!!
https://pastebin.com/sywnwnmp 
Bernie and his houses, funny he is the one investigated on his taxes. i am not a Bernie bot as you can tell!
I'm no fan of Trump, but shouldn't the media EARN our trust? They have been outrageously biased over the last 9 months.
For good reason. I have 2imagine when journalistcovering a man whom calls media enemy, liars, etc isn't going 2get trust
And the media DOES lie. Have you ever noticed how many CNN headlines don't match the facts in their actual stories? It's crazy.
Media doesnt quite lie as muchas not tell all. Trump claimed election was rigged in Hillary's favor. Quite opposite true
False. The media often uses outright lies in headlines that don't match facts in their stories. The reason is bias and clicks = $
If course they lean towards left (cnn) or Right (FoxNews) but out right lies in the scope of Trumps? No. Give example
BTW just because a media lie doesn't match the "scope of Trump's" doesn't make it okay. Stop making excuses for them. They are hurting us!
You misunderstand. I am simply saying our president is a pathological liar. I'm not saying that everything media
Bloviator Alert 
Maybe you answer up for the FBI investigation going on with you and your family???
Trump would say "when you're President, they let you do it.  You can do anything you want."
Lol no actually that's not a Presidency in America, that's dictatorship
United States of Russia
Lol. Russia is in bed with the Democrats, and the plan is working. Hillary and the Dems are doing a good job for Putin. Divide and conquer.
Sounds like alternate facts ,try again
How do you know what the facts are? You think the MSM are being truthful? So many fake news stories. Wow so gullible.
I don't read MSM. Not gullible
Poor Seth Rich! He was one of you! And the DNC killed him for leaking to WikkiLeaks! Shame on you all. Bernie should be ashamed as well.
Tell the rest of your buddies to work together and with the republicans.  I'm so sick of all this!
Two unrelated threads of thought. Why are you telling me what to be concerned about?  Or was this a Lib only post? Anyway, no concerns here!
deflecting much Bernie?? go clean you your bank fraud and don't worry your little head about things that don't concern you.
Step back and start mounting a defense for your legal troubles! We can't wait to see how you try to worm your way out of this one!
his freedom of press suppression should alarm EVERYONE this is the earliest stage of fascism people, WAKE UP
How has freedom of press been suppressed?
I keep asking the same question and for some reason never get a response.
More than concern, Bernie. There has to be an emergency mechanism in place to remove an unfit person from president! There has to be! Use it
He hasn't said anything that wasn't true.  You on the other hand need to stop trying to cause trouble.
With respect sir, where were you when BHO overstepped the power of the Executive Branch?
Heard your daughter was paid $500,000/year for teaching woodworking at the college your wife bankrupted. You're a fraud.
I am off to prison- yes I am.
Go mention it again on CNN and get cut off ... again
Our concern is the slant ... just the facts please
And @BarackObama 's disregard for the separation of powers? #Hypocrite #Fraud #BankFraudBernie
You need to just shut it and resign grandpa
Shouldn't you be more concerned with your fraud charges?
Well maybe this @POTUS  got tired of the media yelling fire in a crowded room over the last 10 months, AKA Russian goose chase!
Attacks on media? Just speaking the truth & calling for the standards they should naturally work by. Shameful they don't.
What you should be concerned with is ur investigation
Are you deflecting attention from your own investigation??? There is widespread concern about bank fraud!
Yeah and his wife being under investigation for fraud. Oooppss that is you.
Wait is this before or after you and your wife go to prison? Just curious
Should give Wesley Snipes a call while you have time on the outside. Maybe he can give you & your wife some pointers on FED incarceration! 
Concerned about separation of powers? U mean like liberal judges with TDS legislating from the bench compromising safety of US citizens?
Calling out media lies is free speech not attacks. Go to ur safe space & look in the mirror & admit what U do to undermine the sitting pres?
The Media has a MAJOR credibility issue. They've devolved into click bait news. Name ONE member of CNN or MSNBC that reports fairly, u cant.
Partisan hack or odd little man, HRC colluded w/DWS 2 keep u from nomination, media colluded w/HRC to make it happen & u sing their praises?
Whatever Bernie; I used to love you... but you have proven you are a sell out. Now I support Trump... maybe you should try it...
Bernie can you explain this?
#clueless Socialist
#BankFraudBernie  shut your trap!
Shouldn't you be dealing with your @FBI investigation with your crooked wife?! Go away already...
Isn't it ironic that you are under investigation because you can't separate the power of your office from your personal?
~ You are the ultimate hypocrite. Where was your concern when O'Bummer usurped legislative power?
Says the man under FBI investigation. Also have u not seen that CNN was caught on video stating their FAKE story on Russia?! FACTS matter!
They are not media or journalist, they are lying reality tv stars who r bought & paid to hide the corruption of the elected officials
You no longer have ANY credibility. Go away until your sentencing
There should be widespread concern that you and your wife are under investigation for bank fraud.
Sedition against a sitting president.Its called SEDITION.
you get em hitler, your propaganda has worked so far...
@SenSanders Just ride off in the sunset. You have your own issues & tucked your tail between legs when it was FACTUAL you got screwed by DNC
You're NOT a STAND UP man like @realDonaldTrump . You took hush money, I believe so you wouldn't make a ruckus b/c they SCREWED you. 
There should be concern about your "steal from the worker, give to the lazy scum" mentality. Who do you pay to manage your multiple estates?
FBI investigation
Pffft.
Hey old man.  Media lies.  So do you. Both should apologize to America and then shut up forever.
#BankFraudBernie
Aren't you like 167 yrs old ?
"I cheat banks" lol. "Thanks for the vote fam!" lmao. *hands your $$ to corporate-owned Clinton* haha.
Why don't you worry about your own FBI investigation and your failed Socialist platform for 2020.
U like beans Bern?
#BernieBankFraud
Bernie, Dude! Give it up. You caved and supported Cruella Deville!!!
Your family is under investigation for stealing!!! You're a fraud, just resign and disappear!
Time to crawl back under your rock bernie
Attacks on the media. CNN just got exposed for purposefully trying to take him down. The media needs to be knocked down a notch.
Bitchy you are a 1% er have you seen what's happening in Venezuela, hypocrite socialist that you are, hillary still pulling your strings?
What's POTUS's disregard for separation of powers U FELON? U don't know what the hell your talking about! U & your wife committed a crime! J
Sir, can you hook me up with a few mil your wifey scammed?
I'm more concerned with the media's obvious collusion with the DNC.
Bernie there should be concern over your involvement with bank fraud, selling out to #Hillary, owning 3 mansions, and your very low tax rate
Got something to hide Mr. Sanders? The evil empire is crumbling down! #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp 
There should be widespread concern over what a liar & crook you are & for being a promoter of hate & violence. Shame on you.
Please resign and just go away. I hear @HillaryClinton needs a walking companion in the woods....
Most of us are more concerned with the media attacks on Trump. And you're worried about separation of powers now? After 8 yrs of Obama???
Very broad statements meant to incite violence.
#Nagin #Blogo #Kilpatrick #Yee #Fattah #JesseJacksonJr... 

@BernieSanders..?
You please for heaven sake.. keep quite Mr. & Mrs. Fraudy Sanders..
For the love of God, STOP TALKING!
How's that bank fraud case working out for you and your wife, Bernie?
Shut up Bernie - you're a hypocrite and a fool
Separation of power? Oh be careful. Your wife's leadership skills are under scrutiny right now! #dontcallthekettleblack
Really Bernie? Want to go there right now? What a !
You might want to worry about staying out of jail.
Don't you have other issues to focus on #criminalinvestigation
Hey Bank-Fraud-Bernie... the only separation you need to worry about is the one between you and your fraud money. #BankFraudBernie
Bernie shouldn't you be meeting with lawyers and forming a plan for your defense.
How did that separation idea work while u were pressuring bankers to loan your wife $$ based on a fraudulent application?
u supported hillary even after it was proven she ignored the will of the dem. voters by frauduently winning the nomination.  go away now.
There is widespread concern regarding all the made up allegations by you and your party to cover your own crimes. #shellgame
Shhhh you and your wife under investigation by the fbi
Maybe you should just worry about the Bank fraud charges
More importantly!...Can't wait to see what happens with you and your wife's FBI "matter"! 
Keep deflecting Bernie. You'd be an amazing analyst fir @CNN
Suck it communist.

#BankFraudBernie
It's more like attacks on him by media, can't find investigations of you and wife in media?
Aren't u under @fbi investigation?
,,,,,,.as he said preparing to self surrender to federal prison,,,,,
And def concern for anything "you"( can you imagine listening to you for 4 years? Good GOD man, what r you thinking old fart?
BERNIE! There is widespread concern over where the money is that your wife borrowed. #BernieBankFraud #BankFraudBernie
How's that investigation coming along, Bernie?
#Bernie There should be WIDESPREAD discussion about your #FBI INVESTIGATION currently in full swing. #MSM #RealNews #Liberal manipulation.
Commit any more bank fraud lately?
Bernie is being investigated for bank fraud.  Please disregard him and his partisan rant.
Worry about your wife's criminal investigation, no?
Pointing out the splinter is someone else's eye when you have a log in yours #BankFraudBernie.
You should be more concerned about you and your wife going to prison!
Media has driven the narrative during the whole election process, Media needs to step up & tell the truth
When the Media acts as an arm of the opposition party, the attacks are fair game and rightfully warranted.  What separation of powers Karl?
But @BarackObama was fine when he disregarded separation of powers? #hypocrite
Sanders, take a breath, this country will NEVER become socialist because it's a proven failed system and not good for our next generations.
There should be widespread concern about your bank fraud! 

You're just lucky that libtards own MSM or you would be wearing orange already!
You're a sell out and a member of the globalist New World Order that wants to bring about the demise of our country.
The diff between Trump and Sanders? Trump capable of winning the White House.  Sanders accused of bank fraud. #Zipit #BankFraudBernie
In what way has he disregarded the separation of powers. Generalizations mean nothing...what has he specifically done to blur the line?
#BankFraudBernie   #BankFraudBernie #BankFraudBernie #BankFraudBernie #BankFraudBernie
Oh Bernie... pretty sure you're going down with the swamp buddy
How's that FBI thingy coming along @SenSanders ?
Media & you covered for Hillary, Lynch, and DNC corruption, you stabbing your supporters in the back.
Do you even know what you are saying anymore? Criminal
Oh,please....be serious!!
Bernie.... you're learning that not everything is void of consequence. Hope you and your wife enjoy the investigation and trial hahahaha
Bernie you had your 15 minutes of fame last summer..#goaway #BernieBankFraud
BANK FRAUD!
Screw the media and enjoy prison.
Dear #BankFraudBernie
Bernie you are all smoke and mirrors and every one knows it but you and your simple minded followers
Criminal @SenSanders
Shud be concern on how you got your new house.
Oh shut up so sick of the same old crap
This coming from a socialist, who steals, lies ,and who along with your wife is under FBI investigation. Keep BSing the ppl as usual.
Quiet
Says the man who's under investigation. The man for the poor, who owns three homes and a $140,000 car. Hypocrite
You can fool some of the people some of the time but you can't fool all the people all the time
How's that FBI investigation going?
Cool tweet. Good wifi in court you old creep?
Bernie, please, shut up, retire and get a good lawyer
Shouldn't you be taking your nap, Bernie?
Uh! Considering that you and your wife are under investigation for Bank Fraud you are no position to lecture anyone!
Why would that be Bernie Mr Under Investigation.
Are you speaking from your 600,000$ lake house ?
Van calls president a snowflake for being annoyed about the Russia investigation. You know, the nothingburger.
Now who is the "SnowFlake"? https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/880119854321348612 …
