1/6 of our economy and a couple of hours of debate...bananas?...yeah that about sums it up.
Hey Bernie, how's ur wife's bank fraud case coming along? Did you help her defraud d bank, resulting in closing down d college?
Bernie; Im working on a plea deal as we speak


Shouldn't someone ask him about voting against sanctions v Russia? That's newsworthy, no?
Also what does that question have to do with the bill? Stop trying to slander with irrelevant questions please.

Get free iphone7 with various free gifts of $10000:
http://bit.ly/2eJJmWv 
http://bit.ly/2gYshZA 
Kinda of like your stint in congress,goofball
Those Trump voters still trying to believe in that Bum President lol!

Come to Canada Bernie 
. here is your million's that lost insurance Obama care.
'Millions' Lost Insurance - http://FactCheck.org 
Seems to me Bernie is the ONLY person in Washington with his head on straight and is pulling for the American people. Thank you Bernie.
#FakeNewsCNN
How much and who's going to pay for the Bernie Sanders Medicare for All healthcare plan????
rock on FAKE NEWS
Some have compared #45 to Hitler. The President finds this offensive for he strives to be like Nero. Tweeting as the world burns.
More like Caligula, I'll think you will find
MITCH PROMISING HEALTHCARE FOR ALL:
Da Comrade, Da!
Speaking of Bananas Bernie, how's the FBI investigation progressing looking into your wife defrauding Peoples Bank out of 10 Mil?
And Bernie is one little banana
That's offensive to bananas at this point.
Let's see,CNN not talking about WassermanSchultz, Obamas people illegally unmasking Americans and FBI head counsel being investigated. Nice
Brought to you by #BananaRepublicans
We want GREAT AMERICAN HEALTH CARE, GREAT AMERICAN JOBS, TO MAKE AMERICAN SAFETY AGAIN
#CNNisFAKEnews #BernieIsFakeNews #FakeNews #FUD
Watching you now and can't THANK YOU ENOUGH!! MS drugs are driving me to bankruptcy! Learn something @SenTedCruz @JohnCornyn
Are you sure he wasn't talking about CNN?
SANDERS IS A ROTTEN BANANA!!! MAGA MAGA MAGA GO TRUMP GO TRUMP GO TRUMP GO TRUMP GO TRUMP GO TRUMP GO TRUMP GO
Bernie needs to ride happily into the sunset
We could also have a balanced budget and live within our means, a concept foreign to the Left who only wants to spend spend spend
Try a bunch of fruits and nuts pushing a bill for someone whose bananas, Senator please show them common sense prevails. This is crazy!!!!
Really Bernie? You're on CNN. Embarrassing.
How much bs has to go down b4 we admit system flaw..constitution huh? Pretty watered down these days..they got us other ways as slaves lmfao

Lol that's all I could think of. Someone needs to make a Holla back girl with bernie!
How's legal trouble going Bernie?
I can't help but hear that quote in his voice.
Oh you're back on the Commy New Network. They can't go one day with lying. Junk News so I won't be tuning in.
You're the man Bernie.
That's an insult to bananas everywhere!
you got that right.  The whole country has been fucked up since Jan. 20
SENATOR AND REPRESENTATIVES REMEMBER THIS! THE AMERICAN PEOPLE GAVE YOU A JOB; IT IS YOUR DUTY ;TO SERVE THEM WITH THE BEST POSSIBLE POLICIE
Bernie is one of the few voices of reason and clarity out there these days.
#berniebros #BERNIE2020 #CNN #CNNBackmail #Trump
Why do you sen sanders always say this is what the American people want? You don't know us But President Trump does that's y he is President
Trump promised: 'Everybody’s Got to Be Covered’ and ‘The Government’s Gonna Pay for It’
September 2015
Come on Bernie, "totally bananas" is too tame.  Channel Mooch and let it rip.  You know you'd like to do it just once?...lol.
#bankfraudbernie
Poor Bernie. I hope someday he'll be able to tie his shoes without consulting a Russian. #honeymooninussr
Bernard, Sir, - you've been on this planet long enough to know a bait/switch when you see one. Now's not the time for languid optimism.
Congress acts like children with each side pointing the finger at the other and whining because they can't get along. #StopSeparation
Thank you @SenSanders for your leadership, all the way from California we appreciate it 
Some might say his wife being charged with fraud is !

are u actually alive our is this a prerecorded interview with Norman Thomas
@SenSanders needs to override @chuckschumer & his @chaotic @Obstructionist philosophy & bring true intention to @work with @POTUS @GOP @DNC
what's banana's is u Bernie, I can't believe a supposedly grown person can be so numb in the head and still tie their own shoes, u do tie em
Levin breaks collusion https://m.facebook.com/marklevinshow/posts/10155556446163832 …
Absolutely approve the Affordable Healthcare Act change it lower the costs do what you need to do economically but don't reinvent the wheel
Wish you had asked him about his no on the sanctions bill
Obama created the catastrophe!
Bernie, you need a nap..
BRAVO Gail ...
I love bananas..
@CNN HE SHOULD HAVE SAID, #GOP BEHIND CLOSED DOORS
It's all a big charade
2) This is no longer hypothetical. They are doing it in plain sight. This will be law by Sunday unless one more Republican stands up.
We NEED YOU Bernie! TY!!
@SenSanders  ....said the oldest chimp in the tree...retire already
#Bernie should know Bananas, he deals with primate Dems!
LMAO, BRAVO ROCHELLE !!!
Sanders. Such a eloquent speaker.
Considering the source, we have a bunch of monkeys trying to run (Dictate) our country.
Ask him why he voted against sanctions
Well Bernie how's your wife's case coming along I call that hot mess bananas!
BRAVO, they love Bananas...
I love Bernie 
Bernie single payer system is bananas
Well, if anyone knows bananas, it'd be @SenSanders
Well, he'd be the one to ask about "bananas" ideas. And inciting assassination.
Senator Sanders does not understand that it takes time to complete a bill of this nature and magnitude.
He wants a slower process including hearings.
Bernie Sanders is "totally bananas" # fruit
Got that right John. . . Bravo! 
.
Trump Model Management investigated for human trafficking by NYAG Schneiderman. Underage girls. It's awful to contemplate. Wake up, MSM.
Do you ever ask him how his wife's case is going?
Insult to bananas.   
Crazy Bernie knows about bananas
U r fake news report on Debbie Wasserman friend that real news
Skinny bill may fly ... #MAGA
Crazy Bernie couldn't even get 1 vote for his plan.................Sad !
Dems keep dreaming ... their virtual reality ... @CNN helps the virtual reality ... good luck! #MAGA
Still waiting for the #AmendmentKing to swoop in last minute & insert universal single-payer health care in the bill? Don't hold your breath
Such an amendment wouldn't get 51 votes.  The majority of the Senate is Republican.
When #AmendmentKing Bernie gives his "every other majah industrialized nation" speech, Rs will have no choice but to vote for single-payer!!
THE OLD SOCIALIST IS STILL TRYING TO SELL COMMUNISM.
I appears to me that Elected Dems are allowing the skinny repeal to happen to help them politically.  Sad.
They cannot do anything Republicans has the majority.
YES THEY CAN. They can define the narrative, make it stick and stop the vote. It can't happen it they give up. Elected Dems need a LEADER.
Meanwhile, Bernie voted against Russia, Iran, North Korea sanctions. I wonder why?
Iran sanctions violate and could endanger our Obama-Iran nuclear deal.
and there is Bernie on the only fake news network he is allowed on, what a total clown
just like the campaign

his analysis of the problem is spot on but his solution will be worse than the problem
