I cannot understand    nuff said. bernie. how is that socialism working for venezuela?
Well it's authoritarian in Venezuela. Bernie believes in Democratic socialism, but who cares? Let people die! Trumpcare!
there is no such thing as democratic socialism. Only ignorant lefties believe in some communal theory.
Ironic how people say something doesn't exist while believing in a magical God. My supporters really are something else.
now I can't prove God. You can't prove Big Bang. But I can prove the failures of communal societies and what it offers.
Not relevant to the conversation but okay. Amazing!
not relevant to the conversation about the myth of 'democratic socialism'?
Well that's simply a fact as noted by Denmark, Norway, Iceland, Sweden, etc.
I cannot understand why a man of so called “integrity” would go back on a promise he and others made to repeal and replace ObamaCare?
Because he doesn't want people to die.
can i just mention the fact that he recently had a poor cancer diagnosis that probably shifted his views on healthcare ?
No it just made him show his true colors since he know he will de soon he let everyone die I hope  he goes away real soon
you're quite the humanitarian there aren't you.
Just like he is
comparing yourself to someone you wish dies quickly  shame.
He is condemning people like me who can't afford to make ins co's richer and cannot afford  the high premiums and high deductibles  U bet!
Oh no, its retarded.
Cant argue with that confidence :/

Run along, Bernie. Git!

What you would've said about McCain if you ran against him in an election: McCain is a crooked, lying, racist, Nazi, Russian cock-holster!
I can't understand why you sold out to Hillary. You could have won, but no. She Screwed you over and you backed her. Stupid mistake.
Because he’s a #bum #scumbag #immoral #narcissist #sociopath #bully should I go on?
War mongering is courage now ?
45 has no integrity... makes it hard to recognize in others!
45 is defining integrity.  Doing everything he has promised!  McCain has done the opposite.
I think you have the definition of integrity mixed up with something else?
Doing everything he promised me = what I voted for ;)
Who did you vote for?
Look up definition of integrity....
45
You're killin me.....
As long as we can laugh - we are more alike than our political views alone!
Yes you do understand It! Hillary bashed you, you bash Hillary, same thing @sSenSanders,  #BankFraudBernie  .
Because he doesn't care
That may be because you're not a small-minded orange man-child flailing around in a presidency that failed before it began.
Simple, he's a jealous, insecure petty, little man
I can but I respect you too much to expose you to that kind of language.
bernie do better
B/c this venomness perasite believes only in absolutes. You are with him or against him. Absolute power corrupts a absolutely.  #TakeAKnee
You know that McCain would have voted yes, if he didn't get cancer
He is an a hole that is disrespectful to everyone, including those that endorsed/voted for him.
thank god for bernie
Bernie isn't passed your bedtime.
He stated POWs were losers. Remember that during this Anthem & Flag debate.
Yes you can, Bernie. You understand
)
John mccain is almost as dumb as you bernie the sell out
How about he is a turncoat and doesn't care that cost is rising again at first of yr in AZ for insurance. Ours alone  $30mo.& 2X this yr.
Hard to believe that Trump is the individual Republicans decided to follow...the #2018voterlution will be our chance to remediate that...
Trump has always been jealous of American heros as he is not one. And he proves it every single day
Because he is trash and a draft dodger.
because he has no idea what those things are, has never had to struggle, and places no value on those things cuz no monetization
Trump's has McCain envy that's why
Because he's a schmuck, Bernie.
Trump simply has no integrity/class. I respect McCain. People R attacking him on changing his position, but he went w/ his heart & mind.
He is a bully.  He has zero integrity.  He is a complete liar.  He is vulgar.  He is a self centered maniac.  And unfortunately he's POTUS.
His profile last night on @60Minutes was excellent. A true hero who is also a leader on how to embrace life. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
It's truly shameful considering Trump dodged the draft 5 times.
Because he's a bully.
Neither can I, under normal circumstances. But a tweeter like DJT can't, IMHO, understand the true meaning of integrity/courage, hence .....
I can. He sure doesn't attack Putin though.
Because he's a child and a bully!
Attack is the best line of defence for the bully
Because @realDonaldTrump lacks both, and he appeals to the like-minded using racist dog whistles. Worst president ever.
1) I just watched Cassidy tell a Planned Parenthood patient that she did not receive the good rural care she said she got &
Because he's a petty ignoramus
John McCain is a traitor and your an idiot how do you expect to pay for single payer healthcare # medicare for all
And if McCain did not agree with you, you would be attacking him professor
Because he is a joke.
Who can understand anything about Donald Trump? He's CRAZY!!! Needs to be removed!
Ignorance sums it all up
I believe it's called narcissistic defensiveness, making him incapable of reason.
Because he's a liar. Plain and simple he railed against Ocare and repeatedly promised to repeal. Then he back stabbed his constituents.
I can, he's a punk spoiled rich kid that inherited over $550,000,00 and never grew the fuck up.!
He grew up. He grew up to believe that he's above and better than everyone else. Doesn't have to respect anyone/anything.
Because McCain is constant reminder McCain SERVED. Donny stayed home and played tennis and chased women.  Coward hates the reminder
McCain is also widely admired, even by many liberals (Like me.)
Because he's a schmucky career politician, like you.@SenateGOP @SenateDems @chuckschumer
Really? Are you new here?
Interesting how in the 2008 Presidential Election the democrats all painted McCain as a racist, sexist, Islamaphobe. Sound familiar?
I cannot understand Y Bernie Sanders, cuckholded during election, bought off by DNC, lives off public $ still thinks what he says is valid
I think your account may have been hacked
Integrity? McCain? You just lost any you had left. You know damn well he's a sellout collaborator with George Soros who's sworn 2 destroy US
I can’t understand why he thinks it’s necessary to attack Puerto Rico on unpaid debt. AMERICANS ARE DYING.
Because he is a selfish, egotistical little of a man...don't even know you could call him a human.
By continuing to treat 45 as someone who has anything valuable to say at this point is becoming equally crazy.
Fuck John McCain
You know why. With Trump it's "the moment you don't glorify or even agree with me, you're my greatest nemesis."
Same reason he hates Obama.  They outshine him in every way.  He feeds his ego by tearing them down.  Sad and sick!
https://youtu.be/obRWCy-cgw4  (all about health care)
Cause Trump is a disgrace , attacking a former POW but trying to act all patriotic with his flag threats.
Because Donnie isn't a man. He is a shell. A puppet. A being of ego.
I can’t understand how you daily attack the Constitution which Mr McCain fought to defend.
Because he didn't get his way. He hasn't matured past the age of 12.
I can he's acting like a spoiled brat ...i can't get my way
Be cause he’s a scum bag
Bla bla bla
He did not attack him; Trump is disappointed in him like I am. You only support John because he would vote no on the new health care plan.
Agreed, but i also don't understand why the house and senate does not remove him. Is there not an ethics code anymore? He can call us SOB'S?
Because he's a war-mongering dotard
Sen. Sanders, because @realDonaldTrump  has no integrity or courage. Nor is is chatacter or commitment to the American people as strong.
In 2014 i sat in the gallery as both you and @SenJohnMcCain sponsored emergency funds for the VA, #integrity #compassion #Liberty
Incredible integrity  you all suck!
What the fuck is wrong with American? MCcain Bush they all see them like the good guys
Because he's a coward, a cheat and treasonous
I cannot understand how that wasnt the end of his presidential run.  America is not what we thought it was. . Help us Bernie.
He sucks, just as corrupt as you. Sob!
There isn't much your liberal brain can understand. But you do understand when it involves stealing $10 million from your foundation. 
Because McCain has now become a traitor to the USA, just like you and the Demorats Bernie
Integrity...to help overthrow an democratically elected government?
You attack my hero daily & by doing it, you got trump elected.
45 attacks because those are qualities he wishes he had, and knows deep down that people see it.
Because #Drumpf isn't a man of any integrity or courage.
Think you better read up on him.
I can't understand it, either :(

Because he’s a piece of shit Bernie
Bone spurs cause bad case of butthurt.
He got the cues from the Democrat party during his campaign run.
HE Is a TRAITOR!!  Always WAS and Always WILL be one in MY Eyes. U R 2 Peas in a pod!!! That's WHY I didnt want EITHER of U as President!!!!
Get this guy out of the White House!!
bernie u are supposed to b debating
Because sometimes lining your political pocket$ is not worth a sniper picking u off at a softball game because ur bills hurt or kill people.
He is not a hero just a liar,
I have been saying for 10 years that John McCain was a fake and a phony and he has proved that many times over
Trump can and will do anything he wants. Dictaters act like that
Bullies do that.
because he has neither integrity of courage himself
I think I just threw up a little bit.
If McCain would speak out in favor of Medicare for All he would regain some integrity. Instead, he gaslights like the current bill is bad.
I cannot understand how you can say that with a straight face!
C'mon now, you and I both can understand how a complete FRAUD like Bernie would say this. Prolly comes straight out of his wife's FRAUD !
because you never attacked him either
Integrity and courage is foreign to Trump & his insecurity lashes out at anything that he doesn't understand. #SAD #resist @realdonaldtrump
Simple he betrayed the people who voted for him.
Is so clueless
Trump only cares about Trump and steps on anyone that disagrees with him!
 Rubbish. Surely You Jest. 
Better go do your research before you say he is a man of incredible integrity and courage. He is a TRAITOR
Because we need #MedicareForAll so he can get a psychiatric eval. @realDonaldTrump needs the #BakerAct
Because he is a bully Melania wake up
Unfortunately he attacks everyone!
Because he is stupid. It's really that simple.
Because he’s made promises to his voters and American people he’s refusing to keep.
He's a baby
Because DT is insecure in himself and jealous of all around him. He is a total loser @realDonaldTrump
Because he's a loser and he knows it
You aren’t very smart then.
You're right. He should be after you. Lol
are you really questioning that, given he called McCain a loser for being captured, while fighting in a war Trump dodged?
how did you do that
I wish and pray for his impeachment
With all my being: Amen, sister
He's your buddy now? LOL
He can attack him because he's a coward, Dishonorable Don.  He will start a nuclear war and hide in the bunker.
Seriously?
Mr.McCain's voteMATTERS & has INFLUENCE that DJT doesn't have.Huge respect 4Senator McCain,he'sAnAmericanHERO.DJTwill never have that title
In an alternate universe, @SenSanders and @SenJohnMcCain are working on a health care bill that is good and had a chance of passing 
I can believe he will attack anyone and often.. Donald Trump is not sane. #TakeAKneeNFL
Because the #FakePresident has no integrity. @realDonaldTrump is sick!
*shakes head* Bernie. Bernie. Bernie. I cannot understand why you would defend a man of incredible war-mongering & war-facilitating. WTF.
Envy
Cuz he’s a moron!!! @realDonaldTrump
Because he is a sorry excuse for a human being!
He is out of his mind that's why!!!
For the same reason a 2-year-old throws a tantrum when they don't get their way; immaturity, lack of impulse control and spoiled rotten.
His MO is to demoralize...anyone, anything in his path even his own party.  I have a word for someone like that.
Because trupsachump!
he is a liar @SenJohnMcCain
Because he lacks both integrity and courage, does Donald Trump
Because he sucks. That's why.
Because he's clueless and classless.
I cannot understand why anyone would expect otherwise from Donald Trump.
What the hell are you talking about? Wow, I've heard some b.s. out of you before, but this takes the cake!
primarily bcuz he's a greedy, selfish, misogynistic, racist SOB who looks bad compared to @SenJohnMcCain. He should be fired. Fired!
I can't understand why people believe a word you say. You need to retire.
Really? After all that's he has said and done, you can still be shocked? Come on!
Because Trump has no integrity or courage
Your a idiot Bernie and it shows with that commit... watch what the scum ran his campaign on....lying bitch
Because people like McCain are a threat to his insecurities.  Trump is a Pseudo-patriot.
No he's a fascist.
Because he has neither integrity nor courage.
Lol
Because he’s a piece of garbage with no morals or conscience.  He can’t focus on anything but his toupee & spray tan
Quit playing the duck
Worry about your ' fellow Americans' for voting for Trump.
I had a professor in college who worked with John McCain in DC. Said he was one mean-spirited dude. That's been my impression of him.
