Mobilize without talking about single payer please. All efforts must be to save the ACA from these GOP Senators and their rich donors.
How about talk about both. You can walk and chew gum at same time. Single Payer is popular among all voters.
Be smart. On Sept. 30 budget reconciliation ends. After that the senate needs 60 votes to change healthcare. Keep SP out of it until then.
So you're all setting up to blame him if GOP passes healthcare. Attack us Sanders supporters and watch how 2018/2020 will turn out for you.
Have you not learned anything yet!!! This is NOT the time to continue your fucking revolution! The stakes r "AGAIN" to high!
Yea attacking people who want healthcare for all as if we're as the ones who want to take it away from millions.
At this point you will be taking it away from millions! BTW stop pretending to be a Democrat. Start a 3rd party with your beloved leader!
I'm not a Democrat so not pretending. They left actual progressives like me years ago. You need to stop pretending like you're progressive.
You have the quotes underutilized. They should be around "Republican", as well.
Wid ya!
Medicare gave more people healthcare, ACA gave more people healthcare, #GrahamCassidy gives LESS people healthcare! That's just fkng stupid!
cancel the CNN debate or postpone it after 9/30, the republicans will rally against the ACA and repeal it if you bring up single-payer now
You are just saying this because the TV told you too. You are trained to question healthcare but not military spending.
Bernie, you don't understand that most Americans do not want the type of healthcare you proposed. You offer unwarranted attack on GOP plans.
I believe God is revealing to the Nation what we are facing, and it is a dangerous time we are living in. The hate for a people is real.
.@BernieSanders I'm standing WITH you on #SinglePayer!  Keep up the great #work!
PUT THE BOOTS ON BERNARD. YOU DON'T WANT YOUR CRAP MESSING UP THE LOAFERS.. EH
And what get me is we speak the word God out of our mouths but God is far from our hearts.
The ACA is already disastrous, and needs to be repealed and replaced.
If people wanted to follow your idiotic agenda they would have elected you. You couldn't even win against 2 horrible candidates. 
Its only a disaster for freeloaders bernie.
How's you and your wife's fraud case going? Are you meeting attorneys at your $700K lake house?
aha killed me why would i want to stop repeal and replace. have never need what i was forced to get but still have to pay 134.00 on 15.25hr
Bern, you like Nanc and Chuckie haven't read the bill! Your fearmongering as usual! Their trying to make it better and MORE affordable!!
Graham-Cassidy is dead! (What is the DEBATE for now??)
Try to save the ACA and then later pursue your agenda? You owe it to the democrats whose platform you ran under, even though you're not one
The Dmes owe US, The People. Fuq your war mongering party that just gave Trump billions that could have given us free education!
RESIGN BERNIE YOU HAVE LOST ANY AND ALL CREDIBILITY. ALL OF YOU PARROTING WHAT THE NEW WORLD ORDER WOULD HAVE YOU SAY!
Listen you need to Adopt a system where every American is covered . This new bill sucks and so does Obamacare ..look at the Canadian system.
You work so hard  such a great role model, showing us how to believe in something and sticking to it! 
GOP was on the back-foot due to the clever tactics/strategy of Schumer/Pelosi. You traitor scum gave GOP life by announcing Single Payer.
Don't do that debate until after they vote that Repub bill down, letting them say it's a choice between them & socialism. Don't help Repubs.
It can't be much worse than Obama Care
Delay the debate. We know you love SIngle Payer. But it is a weapon red states will use to get the votes required for Graham's cruel bill.
Get a job
Yep, also remind them that this would have not happened if you didn't do your ridiculous political stunt in September 13th
It's looking like a great bill for me. Do you see how tiny that boat is? Time for an upgrade.
mobilize.
“Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.” ~George Horne The debate with Ted cruz revealed your self-centered goal!
Disaster=Obamacare
You are the biggest disaster
That was great! Thank you for answering the audience's questions in a forthright, open, honest, knowledgeable manner.
You're a fraud dude. Selling bs
Senile old man speaking gibberish
Don't run in 2020 #NeverBernie #BernieBrats #SierraBlanca

Do not do the debate wait till after the vote. You're hurting more than helping
Why do you ask how we will pay for education and healthcare but not how will will pay for the military budget Dems increased?
You can not win by going solo! It is Bernie all or nothing. You did that and continue. If healthcare passes you again big part of problem


Yes! PLS POSTPONE push for your SPS plan until after Sept 30. KEEP TELLING the truth about disastrous GOP no h/c plan. NO DEBATE on Monday!!
What could be more disastrous than ACA? Really Bernie? Your socialist agenda will help us all - just like Venezuela!
Yeah but just remember that this week we have to save what we have first before pushing single payer
You are a disaster. If u got everything u wanted in govt, it would be a pure nightmare. Ur old, get out of the way gramps!!!!
IT'S NOT ABOUT HEALTHCARE IT'S ABOUT HEALTH INS, CONTROL AND MONEY. we have it and dems want it
Bernie. Listen. I am fully on board with universal healthcare. But now is the time to fight like hell for the #ACA. Quit giving distraction.
You feckless centrists are worse than the radical right. We have to carry your dead weight time after time. Civil Rights, Gay Rights etc
Please run for President
You should have mobilized against the disastrous ACA "you have to pass it to see what's in it" @NancyPelosi
How about you cancel the politically disastrous debate you've agreed to?  For once in your life, please be practical.
#HerpesHillary
Mobilize? Sounds like crazy Bernie thinks he’s back in Russia.
where were u 8 years ago? Not reading the disastrous obamacare law? Ur party owns the mess created. Co-ops dropping out daily.
And Dems paid SALARIES sitting on their brains, Useless Coward Corrupt Dems 
LOCK'EM UP! REPUBLICANS CRIMINAL ACTS OF INHUMANITY 2 the PEOPLE THEY WORK 4, US CITIZENS W/RIGHT 2 LIFE LIBERTY & JUSTICE 4 ALL
Go away forever
Because Obamacare was so great? I don't have health insurance because of your so-called "Affordable Care Act". Stay out of my health care.
The left screams to say out of their bodies but demand free health care.
How about u "mobilize" and accomplish or solve something. HRC (worst candidate in history) kicked ur arse all u do is complain & distract.
What's disastrous are socialist kooks like you!  Government does not belong in the health care business!
Hello
Any plan for healthcare is doomed to failure because we cannot control costs.  Some plans not only cannot work, they will bring down govt $$
Will you be discussing how federal govt shouldn't be providing, subsidizing or paying for health care? No bc you love big govt in our lives.
If I'm exhausted can't imagine how sick of this you r Bernie. Your stamina is amazing. U must have good healthcare.
You helped Trump US. You are in a big part responsible for helping Trump win. You still go on as if we are all ignorant. Join Dems then talk
Tsk. Sorry, but you got that accusation straight out of the steer's rear end.
Uh no thanks
I think "wealth care" is more like it
Will the House and Senate members take their own personal health care from their states now under the same rules as the people?
Did you get permission from Hillary to speak again Mr muppetman
Just tell everyone it's Genocide. They may listen
Bernie be there for stopping this bill, not supporting  SP at this time.
Bernie! You better bring it Monday night!! Shouldn't being giving them a forum for this bill but ur the best voice to debate it.
Bernie, please talk about how GOP are beholden to big donor money.
Koch & other GOP donors have created a very obvious & specific bribe 4 actions by congress that shld get them all arrested, donors & recips
Your major misstep of introducing a Medicare for all legislation now could possibly have caused said bill. People & our economy will suffer.
We want real new Dems who can make change now in. You are a spoiler of the worst kind. Take your ego and think of all of US.
I beg of you, please go away.
Bernie,WeASANatintionAreSpending35%overGDP.OnCurrentCoursetoDisaterWithObamaCare.This is PreviousAdminDoing.
HowAboutWeGetSomeIndustryGoing2Buy&SellProduct=Profit!?!?!GDPIncrease2payCosts???????????MyPocketEmtySoIsYours.USD=Cr=ZEROWORTH
Please someone just ask Bernie were the $$$ coming from. When there is nothing from your inheritance don't come trying to me.
Socialism is disastrous.  We don’t want to be like Venezuela Bernie.  No thank you

#Macau billionaire's goals at issue as #UN bribery trial starts. #UNGA Fact: UN high level officials take bribes.
US must abolish UN.
New Puppet president,l
Trump’s threats at #UNGA echo those of his Puppet predecessors
@realDonaldTrump
