Didn't you say PP was "establishment"?
He also said he's happy with foregoing choice in order to appeal to Trump voters.
Can you provide a citation for that?
So you can impugn the source?  Look it up, bro.  Readily available and common knowledge.
But I agree that it's a person's choice and will fight for that choice.
Sanders has said that choice is negotiable.  Period.  The progressive women I know do not accept that stance
How is that stance any better than the other side saying that we are evil for being pro-choice?
Do you support choice or no.  Simple.
What healthcare service do they provide?
Gyn exams, birth control dispensing, cancer screening, why?
Because iv never used their services & were unaware what was available from them. As they were founded by a racist, funded by govt, I object
yet another white supremacist meme...no, they were not founded by a "racist"....

your bs memes don't work with me....https://www.biography.com/people/margaret-sanger-9471186 …
Biggest irony is that RW opposition to PP centers around providing abortion services--something PP's founder opposed. Times change
I'm not opposed to planned parenthood performing abortion as much as I am opposed to forcing taxerpaer support of such a provider.
58 million babies killed since Roe vs Wade, an entire generation 

And Obamacare allows everyone to go broke, what's your point?
my point? i am tired of hypocrites who spew accusations based lies, misinformation, and bigotry.
So we should make a big deal about what less than 2% of American women choose?
On average, 1,876 black babies are aborted every day in the United States
Women’s choices. Stay out of my body. Period. Ur opinions mean nothing.
baby murderers.
None of those women chose to be born. Why should they stop the next gen of women from being born? #theirparentsfailed #healthcaredebate
I keep getting asked "Why are Americans so mean to each other?" There should be NO #HealthCareDebate  #charitytuesday
Free Healthcare for all. Period. But dems hate poor people. They will never support free healthcare. #GreenParty #RealProgressives. #MMT
And they should be the ones to pay for it not me.
#IStandWithPP bcuz they were the only ones that would give me prenatal care when i was pregnant. I have my son thanks to them.
I am so glad PP was there to help you to have a healthy baby Nicki. Prenatal care is vital. Women continue to fight for PP.
I am too. It was a scary and stressful time and they were great. Some people just refuse to acknowledge the good they do.
Evil people doing evil things can also do good things. Cant ignore over 100 million human lives lost by PP. & then selling their body parts.
#DefundPP #abortionisnothealthcare #abortionismurder Slaughtering innocent children is not healthcare, that is what #PlannedParenthood does
Actually buddy, they provide essential birth control (like iuds!) and healthcare services too!  #mybodymychoice #icanusehashtagstoo
And it's not #yourbody we are concerned with. It is the other human being currently residing there. #Science #AbolishHumanAbortion #DefundPP
i've said it before and i'll say it again
#GrahamCassidy covers all of those #PlannedParenthood does not. They just kill children
then u haven't read the actual bill...if this comment comes from fascist news (aka fox), then u've been lied to...
I did read it. It gives states the resources to run heathcare. No state has proposed those things. It is just a Communist talking point
We love the choice of the unborn to live. The choice of adoption. How do you not see this as murder & selfish indignation to human life.
#NeverStandWithBerniePPHorKillingBabies
The problem is, the baby never "chose" to be murdered. Abortion doctors should be thrown in prison. #ProLife
Um, yes, choice that doesn't involve killing. That kind of choice. #dip
A bunch of hoes that use pp and abortions for birth control. If you're going to be a hoe do it on your own dime. JS
That's such a small percentage and a very unintelligible reply. 

P.P. does great things for women's health, so down in front, Inez.
Actually not very unintelligible, have you ever called a PP and asked for an appointment? I bet not! Until then and you really find out do
And also the places like Planned Parenthood and clinics are the only access to health care for low income families in this country.
@punk_plant this is so true!!! Republicans only want control. @SenSanders is just pointing out the reality of what low income families need
So you support a group who relishes in INFANTICIDE, founded by Margaret Sanger, an AVOUT RACIST, EUGENISIST and ANTI-SEMIT.
They still can, they probably take cash, checks, HSA cards and probably even Amex.
Thank you!
If they love choice why are they Pro-Life???
Specifically what does PP provide to women that attend their facilities? Their web site emphasizes Abortion Services. "We kill babies"
They can choose it we don't need to find it!
Without PP most poor women would not have gynecologic or prenatal care.#IStandWithPP
That’s what the #duopoly wants  Both parties hate the poor. Let them die is their motto. #GreenParty #RealProgressives #LearnMMT
How many houses did you buy after you sold your voters to the criminal HRC? Shameless your voters trusted you 
Bernie stop trying to take this country into a socialistic view we don't appreciate it
You’ve got some balls bringing Planned Parenthood up after sand-bagging them as the establishment during the primaries. The North remembers
& libs act like they're worried abt republican healthcare killing thousands, yet, ur statement remains true...
They don't go there because of PP"s great healthcare, they go there to kill their unborn children!
Planned Parenthood only murders babies. That’s not health care. More lib BS lies. You are complicit to murder.
You mean Birth Control not Health Care!
You mean tax payer funded abortions
If we have a single payer system then we can do away with planned parenthood who commit the murder of unborns.
Unless it's for women, that goes without saying, right?  #TheResistance
Nope. You called PP “establishment” to punish them when they refused to endorse your selfish ass. You’re not fooling us.
This is painful.
Really ???
those who have no choice shud receive universal health care. the choice group shud receive their health care of choice.
Disgusting argument! How many men choose pedophilia? Should we allow that to be a choice as well?
Are you really comparing a health clinic to a disgusting act on a child? Really? Maybe you need to go and see someone about that thought?
They should be able to go there. Just bring their wallet and pay for it themselves.
Mostly abortions, yay!
You referred to them as "establishment" because they didn't endorse you.
You are the man Bernie Sanders much love from my family here in Orlando.
@ReasonAwareness 

You called women's repo rights a distraction. We don't forget.
And more would choose PP if there was one closer.
Are you pandering to women with your flip flop on @PPFA
Guess about 2.5 million babies were eliminated.  That is PP's job ! Lots of baby parts Available !
So Bernie is here, still fighting, despite what was said on the campaign trail.
Still waiting for your apology to PP,HRC, & all of her voters.
Abortion isn't health care.
Yeah the ones that love free murders that planned parenthood offers. Those are the ones that use it. #BerniegoawaywithHillary
Good point, Senator! #IStandWithPP #TakeAKnee
Planned Parenthood, killing babies and carrying our Sanger's eugenics program for decades.... reminds you of Hitler and his death camps
#IStandWithPP
Those idiots and scumbags that had wheelchair bound protesters arrested in a public forum had about 200 likes the jigs up! 
It will still exist after the government steps away. Sooooo
You should've been aborted
Dear @SenSanders: Did you happen to forget that @PPFA has and continues to oppose #singlepayer? #DemExitNow #DemExitForever @GreenPartyUS
#IStandWithPP #HealthcareDebate Will these Senators lose their lifetime benefits? @GOP paycuts 33%&no benefits!
Planned Parent hood should not be in MY healthcare, You want an abortion fine you pay for it!
And I guess the other 160 million don't count?  What are you saying
Well then they should choose to pay for it.
Unbelievable, you hypocrite. You dismissed PP as "establishment". You dismiss women and POC as "Identity Politics". Stop pretending.
what choice did their murdered babies get?  too bad YOUR mother was NOT pro-choice
http://www.blurb.com/b/8194241-human-the-collective-works-of-robert-m-benson …
they do love choice.   the choice that they make their donors rich which will in effect make you die.
The ACA has taken choice away.
BS
Women can choose planned parent baby killers as much as they want.....just stop making me pay for it!
Why can't those 2.5 million people go to a health center or hospital and get care, because everyone is covered under Obamacare
Yet you said P.P was an establishment & have no problem endorsing pro-life candidates who want to control women's bodies! Hypocrite
That's not very many in a nation of 325 million.  I knew you weren't good at basic economics, it appears basic math is a problem, too.
So that makes roughly 5 million recipients of Planned Parenthood services and only half of them get any choice whatsoever. #idetestPP
Abortion is not health care, Bernie.
YOU'RE A KILLER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!....

2.5 MILLION BABIES KILLED BY BERNIE...
2.5 MILLION BABIES?!?!?!
Republicans don't like it when women get to choose.
Disappointed you gave GOP a platform to promote their plan in the middle of stopping repeal.
Republicans love choice as long as you choose what they want. They'll even try to help by giving you only their choice to pick from.
And Planned Parenthood makes the choice to have abortion as their number one source of revenue. #fact
#defundPP #defendlife
Nice burn
losing govt funding will just increase prices for their customers. but if they end abortions, that wont be the case.
#Obamacare not working? socialism/Marxism most cruel inhumane system ever imposed on a society, always fails: NK Cuba China now Venezuela
Too bad your bros didnt stand with Hillary. "Burn it all down they said."
And I would like to choose for my tax $ to go to health care, education, and infrastructure, not POTUS trips to Maralago!
Any Dem not advocating one of the single payer systems from other advanced countries is still in pocket of US corporatist plutocrats!
You forgetting you called planned parenthood the establishment while trashing hillary. Come on bernie - I see through you.
Depleting planned parenthood would increase STDs, teen pregnancy, and drop out rate.  All are very low rates under Obamacare!
and they can choose to pay for it.
Do those 2.5 million women appreciate some % of their contribution to PP going to politicians?
The same PP you called 'the establishment' because they didn't endorse you? Damn it's like you're bad at leadership and foresight
Oh, they like choice. Just not for women. We aren’t smart enough to make our own decisions. We need their fatherly help, 1950s are back
Smart enough to choose to get pregnant when she doesn't want a child and then choose to kill her unborn child?
Goddam Mastermind.
Planned parenthood is not just about abortions. Further, birth control isn’t 100%. In US I should have choice over MY body, not you or govt.
"...not just about abortions..." so what? They perform hundreds of thousands of abortions per year, few relating to failed contraceptives.
And that is roe v wade.....
Democrats see racism everywhere.  Except for there being abortion clinics all over black communities.
Planned Parenthood is not a healthcare platform.
Republicans love white male choice.
They can pay for their abortions with their own damn money not mine!!!
And Bernie, how many choose Planned Parenthood for their abortions to kill unborn children??

The Annual Report shows 327,000 abortions.  And Planned Parenthood does provide lots of great services also.
They choose it to kill their babies
You mean the establishment, right Bernie?
Outrageous lie liar  sucking a human being out of the womb whole or in parts is NOT health care it is a procedure which leads to death
2.5 M WOMEN WANT ABORTIONS FOR FREE! PAY FOR YOUR OWN DAMNED ABORTIONS...
Planned parenthood is not healthcare. Its an abortion clinic. Stop the lies. They were caught selling baby parts. That is sick.
Remember when you dismissed planned parenthood as establishment ? Lol. I do. Can't wait to vote against you in 2020.
If he gets the nomination, I think I might have to vote my "conscience" and write Hillary in.
For sure. But not before maligning him for months on every possible platform. Let's call it mirroring 2016.
It's just... he's dishonest... he said PP was the establishment, and now he's flip flopping? Idk... his wife is under investigation too..
I am way past that. His followers took her down and he didn't do enough to stop them. She doesn't get to be pres but neither does he. F him.
Agree 100%
You serious right now?
Socialists prefer control and no choice. Does obamacare ring a bell?
Oh, give it up.  PP are not "health care" providers.  They are abortionists.  If you must pander at least be honest about it.
Liar
republicans love life it's a basic human right that democrats choose to ignore
Well this deplorable Republican chooses not to fund the slaughter of unborn children.
Women should have a say in their health!
Say whatever you want...  I don't want to pay for  abortions.
You don't, but you should.
Great debate @SenSandersFiery as usual, but great bi-partisan work here. Both @sengraham2016 & @SenCassidy called you "the most honest" 
Abortion is not health care. It’s murder.
Nobody says they can't go there. There's just no reason for me to pay for it. They don't pay for any of my medical expenses.
My FAVORITE thing about this is my doctor literally told me to go to PP for “pregnancy proof” when I was pregnant the first time.
Like my pee test wasn’t enough for them 
And Bernie Sanders will be paying for Planned Parenthood since middleclass is tired of paying for it.
Baby killing will  send those involved to hell
I definitely do.
Laughing 
But you sneered that Planned Parenthood was “establishment” when they didn’t endorse you?  Which is it, King Bernie?
since I was 13
How about a public option? That's a choice I'd like to be able to make.
You socialist want to give everybody healthcare, but they have to survive the womb first
And you want to protect the unborn, then do absolutely nothing for them when they get here.
Oh I thought some of my tax dollars WERE going for Medicare and Medicaid I guess it's just going to ketchup research?
Get your facts straight. Begin by researching the Hyde amendment and stop watching Hannity.

Once upon a time you called Planned Parenhood establishment. Are you pandering ?
The attack on women’s bodies is getting a little old
Is it older or younger than the attack on unborn babies?
#HealthCareDebate Repeal and Replace Obamacare with a  OVER STATE LINE COMPETITIVE HEALTH INSURANCE.
Parent hood is joke as well with your health care.  Shut up!
Damn right!
Ya to kill a baby a baby that has no choice or will ever have a choice
So something that kills thousands but helps millions is ok ????
With any type of universal there must be attached social programs, as a way to 'prevent further problems'  #HealthCareDebate
If they want to pay for planned parenthood, they are free to do so. But stop using public money to fund them.
still can go to planned parenthood, the baby parts scam for fun and profit, except you've stopped paying your share.
Better jobs = better health insurance options!  Work for it!  Feels good to earn something!  Stay out of my pockets!!
Abortion breaks my heart it's sad adoption would be a hard right choice to save a life
Senator, respectfully, the majority of people do not choose Planned Parenthood as a health care provider. It is about abortion. Death.....
Liar
Is someone suggesting abolishing PP?  Or that women can’t go to PP?  U r one sick old man!
you choose a murderous ideology and try to bring it to us. i wish you would move to those already with those governments.
@CNN Pompous @BillCassidy is telling WOMEN what 2 do w/their bodies while strutting around the stage like a peacock. #HealthCareDebate
GOP should call this bill the "right to live" bill because like "right to work" it is the opposite of its name #GrahamCassidy
Because killing offspring and selling baby parts is not healthcare. #defundplannedparenthood
DJT never served.
In civilized society we shouldnt allow the CHOICE to murder babies for convenience
Maybe you should've thought of that when you refused to concede, contested the convention &told folks not to listen if you said vote for HRC
None of those three things happened.

#istandwithpp = baby part @amazon
how many abortions does one woman need, they should pay for their own abortions period.
Stop with the false narrative, or just being flat stupid?:  Hyde amendment prevents govt dollars from being spent on abortions.
So that is about the only service planned parenthood provides at most locations, they don't actually plan or provide healthcare.
Sure they do,they aren't paying for it.working people are.
#IStandWithPP and universal healthcare too
We don't choose it. I would rather go to my doctor, but they are the only affordable option
Slaughtering the most innocent of the innocent is NOT health care. It's genocide, and racist genocide to boot.
Too bad it has to come at the expense of other people's choices.
2.5 million moms w dead babies  that sounds ferocious 
Planned Parenthood is not health care. It's legalized auschwitz.
Yeah they love their choice. Not your choice. C'mon
You mean for their sex insurance?
I remember when you said PP was the establishment you were fighting against.
No more debate, keep the ACA and move towards #SinglePayer
#HealthCareDebate its a shame this far into millions of Americans having more coverage the word "debate" is attached to this hashtag #smh
PLEASE DISCUSS MEDICAL MARIJUANA AND LEGALIZATION - 25% REDUCTION IN OD'S & RX'S WHERE ITS AVAILABLE #PASSHR1227
No kiddin'? I had no idea Planned Murder was doing dermatology, surgical consults, and hip replacements.
Margaret Sanger founded PP. 
She was a genocidal racist that sent secret love letters to Adolf Hitler
Which he kept next to his bed at night
And the republicans used to be the good guys. Shit changes dude. Planned Parenthood is hugely important to all different kinds of people.
Actually PP is only important to pregnant women who don't want to be, + lowlife men who push women to go there to forgo their responsibility
Thank you, Bernie!
I knew u wanted to fuck Bernie. Thanks for admitting it, Al
Hey man it's ok ur gay for Bernie man. First step is admitting. One step down!
So why don't we work on getting them better healthcare, instead of leaving it to corrupt Planned Parenthood. #specialinterestisgross
How is PP corrupt? Please know the answer before you tweet.
Of those 2.5 million. How many abortions were performed?

Who won the Healthcare Debate?

@CNN Save #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #HealthCareDebate #TakeAKnee #earthquake #GrahamCassidy
Bernie that mean if your kids chose to end your life in Oregon hospital that would be a good choice After all freedom of choice w/no limits
The difference is whether it should be funded with our taxes or not!
Disgusting
For abortion.
you wicked man, that is 2.5 million lives lost by murder
WOW. The uneducated and 3rd party comments on what a woman should do are disheartening. Not your dog. Not your fight.
And not with my money. Go there if you want. Pay for it yourself. My stolen money shouldn't be paying your bill without my consent.
Stolen?
Not yet. #Amiright?!
@JackyRyckman 63 million of them chose @hillaryclinton but @gop doesn't give half a shit about that.
So true.
Stop the demonic lies. Murdering a defenseless child in the womb is not healthcare. Getting a REFERRAL for a mammogram is not healthcare.
What do you think your doc does for his/her female patients due for their mammogram?
"Choice" is fine, The issue is when you require others to pay for their "Choice".
Don't #VoteDem2017 -Over 186 DEMs Convicted Crimes in 10y
Watching @BillCassidy speak is depressing "I'm a Dr" "get your governor engaged" Graham picked wrong guy for this fight #HealthCareDebate
Bernie, You are a very sick communist. u let illegals into the USA to vote Dem. What about all the late term abortions? No choice for them?
What do they choose for their abortions.....?
Who? Your girlfriend? I guess a coat hanger would be ok for her? Go for it.
Thank You!! Medical for ALL CITIZENS
That's why you're against the Republican healthcare plans - you don't know what healthcare means - you're confusing it with abortions
Common man's interest needs to be housed somewhere in the white house. Common man should be given some priority. @realDonaldTrump
@faa @DEAHQ @20thcenturyfox i owner @ChicagosMayor u better pray drugs in Beloit @SpeakerRyan show up on @NASA solar flares river nelly
The river U don't block fresh water lakes! U building on ur food source @BillMurray idiots rule in riots @Pontifex break down wall©™®
Federal land stolen a lake right to flow©®™ Jurassic park fish & pets
@FAANews  ODs @AmerMedicalAssn 90 years old in nursing home! Great aunt (Lewis) ... Milwaukee (aunt Mariam) ©™®facility always
High risk of death vs long life see mi cervix si mi ovaries! Need real data. ©®™autopsy
Bone scan needed (Foley) Check all u know they on Medicare ©™®Read chart reading now last gynecology exam to results now:IRB data meds
Medications levels in addition to white cells counts! Unconfirmed pain level ©®™higher than beforeOhio (Gwen) Sams arm injury DNA.
Don't forget Rose. Sister b half via Josie .. joe is Joseph.  See @PutinRF_Eng in Louisiana now. Buried b one built his own house©™®
