Bernie, I see the same condescending sneer from right wing politicians in UK when asked about their lack of care of the poorest in society
1/Bernie fan or not, we settled the issue of a graduated tax long ago & built our social support system on tht concept. In the #Trumpite...
2/...era of total honesty, R's like #Ryan are admitting their real feelings - folks who can't afford to buy their own HC should do without.
Yes. Kings, feudal lords, and starving, enslaved peons. Welcome to Trumptopia!
Trumptopia:
The Brave New World Order shaped by Corporatist Billionaires and their vassel lordlings.
The death tax is immoral. Double dipping at its dirtiest.
The #deathtax only hits the highest earners in our country. Do you even know the numbers? Let's talk.
Well done Bernie. What are we going to do? Lost souls in Harlem we are suffering
Right on Bernie!
Coming from someone who questioned a candidates religious views, wow immoral. 3 homes lots of special interest, how about Hypocrite?
Oh please!!!! And the GOP aren’t hypocrites?! They’re the biggest ones of all!
All parties are hypocrites step into reality
There’s a special place in hell for all of them! While Pence is vacationing at his “2nd home” in ASPEN, how dare he try to take away Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security from the elderly, disabled and the poor?! WTH is wrong with these people?!
Yes. Decisions that are very difficult for the 98%.
When is this country going to wake up? Republicans in Congress are fighting for the very rich and no one else.
BERNIE, GO GET SCREWED!!!!!
"Uh, thank you for the question"...right.
Well handled, @SenSanders and well argued.
Cutting life or death programs in order to give huge tax cuts to the top 1% isn’t a tough decision. It’s an immoral decision. 
Good for you Bernie!  If the administration is really want a balanced budget, why are have tax cuts (with revenue reductions) at all?
If your assessment was true you would have a point but since it's not you remain pointless
You can say that again! heartless and inmoral
Thank you, Bernie! Amazing response from a Trump guy. This isn’t about cutting programs for citizens that need them, isn’t about benefiting the super rich, it’s about 3% growth, it’s about “protecting” us with the military! We can all eat that for dinner! Thanks Trump
And you are an immoral person. BTW how's your new beach house??
You have my sincere thanks for your help.I live in WA state,I'm on Medicaid,very ill.I can't pay for anything on $880 SS mo.I'm terrified!
Stop trying to kid us: the decision wasn't difficult; rules for Congress aren't going to change...
Sanders would have been the best president. It is a shame that that US is just not ready for this type of forward thinking.
Yes he would have, I say Sanders/Warren in 2020.
obama took health ins away from millions of people.
You are immoral!
but that is not happening. Its just what u want people to believe.
#FUD
Dramatic Bernie, get Schumer to teach you how to cry for real effectiveness
Caring for the people you represent (aka DOING YOUR JOB) is "dramatic?" You know nothing about the world.
It was a pretty broad statement he made. Sure would've been nice if he would've given some examples instead of trying to spread more fear
Bernie is doing a great job in the Senate. Who else is asking these questions?
Yes it is grossly immoral. And these con artists don't have an atom of conscience. Money before country and before their souls.Robbing poor
Kind of a late start for Bernie.  20 years in and now he is actually trying to do something.  Remembered as a joke.  Go away
He's been protesting all this time, he actually has a voice now. How about you fight to solve the issues instead of shunning the guy who is?
How about writing legislation rather than protesting?  Been in 20 years and now has a voice.  Sounds like he has been scamming everyone.
He is currently pushing for legislation covering tuition free college, #SinglePayer raising the minimum wage, & importing prescription drugs
Stop pushing, start drafting legislation.  That is his M.O.  talk a bunch do nothing.  Sorry backing a lazy horse at best.
Okay, for one, he has proposed most of that legislation. Two, shouldn't you support EVERYONE with the right ideas?
Well I don't think he has the right ideas.  Maybe he should go to an economics class.  Name the bill would love to read.
His economic ideas are spot-on, what do you have against them? Getting it.
We must look to the original footages and documents to get to the truth. Don't make one source the only source for truth.
Well I hope this isn't the only video people look to for their research on this topic, seeing how Bernie is in charge of editing it.
You ROCK!!!!
Pretty hypocritical considering Bernie&Jane ARE the 1%
@BernieSanders=Official Mascot of @TheDemocrats 
@SenSanders=Tom Perez Shoeshine Boy
They actually aren't. Have you seen Bernie's house? He has a very humble life and doesn't take corporate money. Nice try, though.
Which house are you referring to which one of the three that he owns
I've seen no *credible* sources claiming he has three houses—if I'm given one, I'll look into it and condemn Bernie's hypocrisy.
Lake Champlain, Burlington,Vt and Capitol Hill in DC

I'll look into the source, and if it's true, I'll call him out on it as I did when he signed that stupid Israel letter--however...
Love Bernie Sanders!  Hope he runs again. Take note, POS corporate Dems and DNC, don't throw another election with another Wall St puppet.
Excellent video
Give em hell Bernie! 
#BrokenPromises #DonTheCon #Emoluments #FollowTheMoney #KeepAndImproveObamacare
You are wrong sir . Tell this to our farmers and are you ready to share your wealth and fancy homes perhaps a commune
Abortion is immoral too but you support that....
Thanks for your interruptions, Bernie! Looking for a fresh voice, citizens? Bernie's is as fresh, as true, and as concise as you will get!
get em Mr Sanders!!!! Love you man. We need you. You are serving the people unlike many of your peers!!
Thank 2for fighting for us!
The problem is they simply don't care. If it doesn't affect them they will continue to do what they want.
MR SANDERS YOU ARE A MAJESTIC MAJESTIC MAN
You're right Bernie..you're right!
Hypocrit. You want to gut America
Along withhis elite billion aire club.  They justwant toke everything.  Every single cooked cent. While our kids suffer. No morals
A lot of Americans don't that the estate tax only applies to the top 2/10 of the 1%. Thanks for holding Mnuchin accountable @SenSanders.
@SenSanders I can't believe this is actually happening in the Senate.  I'm a single mother.  My  child is who suffers, Trump is purely evil
I appreciate Sen. Sanders. With him in government,  I feel like SOMEONE in Washington represents the people. Much respect
I agree!!!!
Your right it is a moral dec
Decision as well as a numbers one even if we were to take all of the income of the top 5 percent we couldn't afford a year of this program
Mark Zuckerberg does NOT agree with you, he likes his money, he likes tossing native Hawaiians off his ranch, Democrats are hypocrites.
So, let me understand this, it's ok for you to receive millions $ as tax deductions from the super-rich in your campaign? Ur a hypocrite!
well said
Mr Sanders, backing the NRA is cutting life too. Quit rhetoric and put action into words.
America seems to be run by selfish people, either there in charge or there minions tweet praise for them.
Pot calling the kettle black BO did it!
When a man of quality honor ethics and integrity comes along, it seem so rare in these times but in actuality there are millions of Bernie's
Thank you Senator Sanders for just about everything you say these days.... please keep on talking and insisting that people listen 
says the man that paid a lower percentage of taxes than even the lowest bracket.  Hypocrite. Go socialism, except for Bernie, he keeps his.
So when will you be paying a majority of your income in taxes as part of the 1%?
Citizens Support Bernie Jeremy Corbyn ShowRepubicansToriesWhoTheBossesAre
these guys don't even look human
Mr. Take from one and give to another is now the voice on morality issues. Let's end the argument with you're immoral.
Video worth retweeting and rewatching

please retweet 350 million times
Thank you for stating the TRUTH Sen Sanders.
You're also lying, have you no shame? No conscience? Or did you sell out on those, too?
more will think violence is last hope to trumpcare death sentence... They have nothing to lose... Many will be trumpo voters
Please run again. You're the only one qualified.
1%  How much did you pay for ur lasted home?
Question they never answer is; if the rich can estate plan & so never have to pay estate tax, then why are they so desperate to repeal it?
So they pay less to lawyers and accountants...
Right here you may have well pulled the trigger yourself you political hack. I know my enemy.
'Life or death' is what you said. You are proud to escalate violence by your exaggerating lies? @FoxNews
Bernie your hateful tweets have brought us today. Maybe you should look within. You sir have called in the strongest terms for resistance
“If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second  Amendment people - maybe there is, I don’t know.”
Just retire Bernie. You're tired and you're tiring.  It is exhausting listening to your jibber jabber.
For them it's a joyful decision...  I am sure they are gleefully rubbing their 's together...
HERE IS THE REASON FOR THE #VAShooting - LIES!!!  
KNOCK IT OFF WITH DRAMA, HATE & LIES!!
STOP IT!!!!
Unfortunately it will take YEARS to repair all the damage @realDonaldTrump and the Republicans will make of the USA while in office.
Get em Bernie
You incited the violence today! Goof!
Your bad policies created those atrocities.  More of the same is beyond immoral.  Hypocrite!
The labour and time of the poor is in civilized countries sacrificed to the maintaining of the rich in ease and luxury.
-Adam Smith
as immoral as Democrat Primary Election Fraud?

Right on Bernie! #WeThePeople are w/ you & are noting what @SenateGOP are up to, #WeThePeople have got your back. @slate @maddow @Lawrence
please pay attention to what is going on behind the curtain......
I totally agree Bernie! Put Hippocrates in charge, Drs Oath, not Pharma. 
Pharma did a Hostile Takeover of Hippocrates 4-money+patents
So what did Obama and the democrats do when they had total control? They extended the Bush tax cuts but what else?
STF up Bernie. Your phony concern about the poor is resulting in shooting and violence against Republicans. Give your $$$ to charity!!!
Brilliant job Mr. Sanders...let's hope your efforts will save lives...thank you
Have you donated your book sales yet or just going to continue getting rich selling this BS to kids?
@marcorubio @IndivisibleFL12 @IndivisibleMIA Thank you Bernie! All supporters of this immoral bill reflect an absolute evil!
How can we be that bad off? We just had 8 years of a democratic presidency? Maybe time to try something else...
SOCIALIST kind of answers in a CAPITALISTIC  society required instead of  old rethoric&petrified ideas A NEW NARRATIVE NOW.&WORK 4SOLUTIONS
Ins & drug companies raising prices to discredit Obamacare . Republicans applauding!! Collusion?
This is why I "wrote in" Bernie...
You're so right Mr. Sanders
Welfare programs were intended to be a trampoline, not a hammock.
It seems that all your posts are being blocked by Twitter ?
More bullshit from bernsie the blow hard bullshivik- try telling the truth for a change you fraud
Bernie is my my All American Hero. I love the man for his total honesty, integrity and forthright way of exposing the truth. #BernieSanders
Thank you Senator Sanders for fighting for the American working class and poor. Your tenacity and honesty are hope personified.
DeathCare, needs to DIE VIOLENTLY!
Dat burn 
All the money you made will never buy back your soul.  _ Bob Dylan
In the next election we won't have to make any difficult decisions because we will be voting all the Corporate vermin OUT of office.
 you
You are an immoral commie (and an old buffoon)
Give them hell Bernie!
You're in the 1% and own 3 homes. Sell 2 of ur homes and give money to the poor FILTHY RICH #hypocrite #sharethewealth
Thank you Bernie - 
their-trickle down strategy that freeing tax dollars will increase the GDP failed and resulted in deficits
Get em Bernie!!!!
.$1,052,000 Sen Bernie Sanders raked in last yr~known for attacking the wealthy~most coming from his book deals touting socialism~#LIBS
And he's calling for himself to be taxed more as he knows he's been fortunate. No hypocrisy!
Truth
Yesssss@SenSanders Thank you for not letting him off the hook!!
and this mnuchkin dude gives me creepers - where did trump find these ppl - or did they find him
he's not incoherent in denial sabotaging diverting or blatantly lying or covering up like most of your politicians
all those non-supporters calling him ineffective - plays on high moral ground hence having more resounding impact/ he knows it's value
You should know you sellout. You're part of that 1% now.
With all his yelling, he doesn't share his wealth. 2 faced
Lying sack if you ask me and bought off by the Clinton crime family and the DNC. He should be ashamed of himself
First cut income taxes on lowest earners. When tax revenues increase, cut taxes on next level of earners, and so on. Why start at the top?
Wow.   Crazy!
If cutting taxes ultimately raises federal tax revenue by stimulating spending (does it?), why not cut in stages in reverse income order?
Your in the 1% now. Your taking those cuts your a hypocrite!  Share your wealth
Mnuchin is a villain. Lying, scheming, greed-mongering villain. Just like the rest of the Trump team. @stevenmnuchin1 shame on you. #theif
I'm really sick of Mr. 1% . Is that all he can remember to say? Got milk?
What can we do, how can we stop them?
You go Bernie
You can just tell Mnuchin wants to bite your head off in this clip. Thanks, Bernie, for standing up to immorality and greed!
Don't ever forget that Mnuchin is also a former OneWest executive.
And out of his mouth just came the threat ...
"maybe shutting down the goc't would be a good thing"
While he gets lifetime free healthcare.
Yeah we know bernie 1% got 20 years ago while you were a congressman and nothing has changed
That's not for lack of effort on his part just lack of listening or adapting by the party
No way ive been protesting for 30 yrs.. He found the same old argument and attracted the new masses. Look how he votes on congress raises
Agree. Don't know how they sleep.
Watching you carve up that clown made me laugh. Well done old man, well done indeed.
$400,000,000 per year in lobby money is why we don't get "racketeer free" healthcare.
I agree
Keep fighting for us Bernie! Make them own it!
and spend a quarter as much on diplomatic corps and foreign aid and get 20 times as much results for the money.learn from history.
If having a lot is immoral. How many houses can you own without being immoral?
and funding a bloated military so we can wage war on sovereign nations for their resources. I call bullshit too.
Thank you. You. Rock.
BERNIE; DID YOU EVER WORK FOR A GUY THAT WAS BROKE?
Thank you Senator Sanders for continuing to fight for us with all your might. We the people appreciate you.
Nice, Bernie those aren't difficult decisions, but decisions to claim trickle-down will work& to feed the $ machine, like the Kochs
It's genocide.
You go Bernie sure wish we had more up there like you.
Comment about Bernie's new house coming in 3...2...1
Yep. Bernie Sanders owns a little more real estate than my grandfather--retired janitor
We need more people like @SenSanders
What do you know about morality bs bernie?
Bravo Bernie!
Keep avoiding facts and stick to your narrative. It never gets old. Ughhh
Bernie is a 1% he is full of shit
Oh yes! Because you Dims are so worried about the people. 
Almost 6 thousand people who liked this video should move to Venezuela
They lie, they evade and they ignore, but God Bless you Senator for looking out for us little folk and holding the Republicans responsible.
Typical socialist Bernie trying his best to ignite class warfare. Such a clown. Embarrassing.
Barney is looking a little rough under the feathers... if ya know whata mean
I notice millionaire Democrats never give up their wealth to the poor people they champion? You made $1 million last yr Bernie, give it away
Bernie please stop lying. The life or death thing is really stupid
Bernie political strength is in numbers, never limit yourself to one ideology, but, broaden your objectives into a majority nomenclature
Thank you @SenSanders for always speaking the truth. Don't let them get away with this nonsense!
How many mansions do you own, Bernie?  Seems like capitalism has worked out well for you.
Though shall not covert Thy neighbors goods.
Job creators built their assets to keep in the family. The assets belong to those who created the wealth regardless how much it is.
Thank you Bernie. Hold that oligarch responsible for the crimes against humanity he is proposing.
Lying and grossly exaggerating to manipulate your constituency is an immoral decision.
Why is @SenSanders still the only one pointing out the greed and hypocrisy of these morons?
Because everyone else is on the gravy train?
Thank you for your work.
I wish, and not just in retrospect, you had decided to run for POTUS.  
The situation we are in is alarming.
Your people in Vermont have to work in three jobs, because there are no full time jobs, thanks to you and Obamacare!
Get em Bernie
#GOP ALWAYS has enough money for Defense dept and war. 
Why is their 'difficult decisions' always negatively impacting the Middle and lower classes.
Bernie some old folks just got to go. We can't waist money on old people
@stevenmnuchin1 we'll wait for an accountable response.
Does this look like a moocher to you, @JoyAnnReid ? Or are you ready to swallow your corporate pride?
They made Movies and Video Games about this conflict. Morality Combat
Don't let them get away with it @SenSanders!!! Get em!!!
