Why? #nuthingburger
The ICBM they set off July 4 could reach anywhere in the USA and are armed with nukes. Please lets start the discussion from there.
Actually it cant missle experts say its not that capable yet
Really, cause these guys actually rebuilt that rocket and it can hit anywhere in America ..google James Martin ctr..sorry
Are these guys experts because i read this article and many experts proved it wrong
To be an expert all you have to do is be 20 or so miles from home
How to avoid war with North Korea?!..At first impeach Donald Trump..we're all much safer then..
Then Mike Pence becomes President. Good luck
He was a supporter of Jimmy Carter, maybe we can save him and he isn't totally lost ;)
Jimmy Carter is not a saint. Pence is guided by religion, not by money. His political history says he's far more dangerous than Trump
not sure what's more dangerous to be guided by religion or money..
Money-guided politicians recur to populist tactics to get acceptance (Obamacare, wall). Religion-guided politicians don't care about that.
You are amazing Bernie we all love you we will fight with http://you.you  are our president The People’s President
Sen Sanders should read Shepherd Iverson's book "Stop Korea". Premise is using economic incentives to achieve reunification. Many benefits.
Learn more about the modern threat of nuclear weapons from my free online course from @StanfordOnline https://lagunita.stanford.edu/courses/course-v1:MSandE+NuclearBrink+SelfPaced/about …
So good.

you inspired me
To live in  Mom and Pop's basement
Surrender! ! To your Marxist bro
North Korea  are cannibal,  they eat your liver they are a cruel plauge upon this world no place for then
Thanks, Senator Sanders
You can thank the establishment. Hillary was not a good candidate, disingenuous, untustworthy and too center
not everybody is a lefist.
Doesn't negate that she was a bad candidate.  She won the primary only by cheating.
seth rich.
History will look back and say why the hell weren't you president
You are saying you are against freeing the slaves in North Korea. They can't speak out and can't leave. This is bullshit!
I didn't know you were President!  That's his job!
Jimky you dropped this mate
here mate you dropped this
The reaso he will never be president is cuz he sold out to killary! And how would he run a country if he can't comb what hair he has left!!!
Hey, hey, respect, u r talking to Senator BS.
You've got to earn my respect and his ass hasn't came close yet! Barnie Sanders needs to take care of his problems before screwing up the US
This is what I meant to say. 
We can't avoid the future... We can only brace it and hope everyone does not get wiped out
Chamberlain tried that with Hitler, Truman stopped MacArther the first time with N. Korean, Clinton gave them technology: all failures.
Thank you for all your hard work!
Yes, try your carrots and sticks. If that doesn't work then overthrow them.
RT
#RankedChoiceVoting
#DraftBernie
#DNCFraudLawsuit
#netneutrality 
#RespectMyVote
#Fukushima
#SinglePayer
#MedicareForAll
#BanFracking
Sorry Senator Sanders - Pumpkinhead is another Hitler and needs to be taken out, not left to grow in strength.  Learn from history!
Bern...you better stay out of this stuff. It's way over your head! Stick to free apple tarts at Walmart.
Bernie, you need to just shut up and go away. No one needs or wants your ridiculous half-baked ideas
I thought Bill Clinton fixed this?
Bernie's strategy regarding North Korea:
What about the dismantling of the State dept & War crimes unit???
U may talk to former anyone but this is present and we have a strong President. We don't you nor your BS.
Oh god Bernie.  Go away. #maga
good for you. do you want a cookie?
How is investigation progressing?
Psssssst, hey Burnie, keyword here is 'former'.
Yes,
wants to avoid war but wants to encourage "the resistance" and not discourage them from violence...smh
I wonder why no one is asking bernie how to fix the F'KD up healthcare system the Democrats have created........
Is the solution to out communist the North Koreans?  Change Christmas to Marxmas?  Bombers loaded with tax dollars you stole from Americans?
Maybe @BarackObama & @HillaryClinton hilshould have stopped this. Ugh.
Please retire!
You should move there with dear leader... let him show you what true socialism ... I mean communism is. #Bernie for the dementia ward
hi Bernie, i'm one of your supporters, I know you are against BDS but are you for this bill also?!
"Anyone guilty of [supporting BDS] will face a minimum civil penalty of $250,000 and maximum of 20 years in prison." https://theintercept.com/2017/07/19/u-s-lawmakers-seek-to-criminally-outlaw-support-for-boycott-campaign-against-israel/ …
Do you support cutting a large portion of the military budget unlike every president that has ever took office?
Excellently worded. He knows his stuff and understands the situation better than the average layperson. They don't want a nuclear war.
No, Bernie Sanders, Sweden's health care, tuition and child care ARE NOT FREE:
http://mises.org/library/how-mo …
Don't go throwing rocks at a hornet's nest.
As is typical of DC insiders, the rhetoric is we must negotiate. The Kim Dynasty has not upheld any nuclear proliferation agreements.
Oh, the irony of a self-described socialist pooh-poohing a nation that rose out of the same ideology
excellent article..Thanks Bernie
Best thing you do is stay the heck away from them let the big boys take care of it
N. Korea starving their own people is just something "we don't like" but acceptable? This is beneath a fighter for universal healthcare.
Did he explain how a gun works so you finally understand it?
Sorry but I think you have glossed over and misrepresented the main goal of their regime, and you also left out the context.
It was an honor to meet you sir.

Well ok then. We should all just forget you sold your soul to Hillary and your wife is a fraud. Well done.
What if putin meddled in the primary to make sure Hillary and trump won? Not impossible
sounds like what we have been doing for 50+ years?
As a Senator Mr Sanders how did you and your colleagues " Democrats and Republicans " allow this to happen? Why didn't you stop it? MAGA 
One conversation- now has the answer. Haha. You got Berned by your party, beat it.
Thank God you are not the President.


Keep talking Sen. Sanders.
No please.
FORMER SEC got us in this mesd.  Obama, Bushes, and Clinton messed this NK threat up.  Sanders, don't make it worse.
You should worry about how to avoid jail for your wife.
The N. Koreans just need free healthcare and college.  Oh, wait........
The Fridge!
North Korea is waiting for the US to pay them 
More maney not to develop nuclear weapons LOL
BERNIE2020!
It really be BS2020.
If you had gone to war in the early 90's Mr Secretary as you stated almost occurred we would not be facing a nuclear armed North Korea today
They have had a nuclear armed ally for a while now....
#NorthKorea as in the country that implements policies you would like the #US to strife towards? #SocialismKills

Wow what a revelation again you talk about something you know nothing about. Truly riveting
At least it s a change of topic.
Your not the president you can't do anything
Someone is shoring up his fp cred....#Bernie2020
When do you and your wife report to prison Bernie?
It only a problem if it can hit Arizona and east of that
MY dude
#MAGA #CrookedMedia @CNN @MSNBC  @foxandfriends
https://www.gofundme.com/camille-needs-her-father-fund …
#FathersRights #share #help
2ofN-freezing missile & nuclear testing highly unlikely to happen,"All of the leaders they’ve had,have been ruthless...have been reckless."
Litmus Tests for Truth & Transformation - falsehoods have become so burdensome but truth is the only sustainable way https://flybynews.wordpress.com/2015/10/08/litmus-tests-for-truth-and-transformation/ …
If you were really interested in learning about NoKo nuclear weapons, talk to the current Sec. of Defense.
Wow
1ofN-"1st stage agreement would be 2 lower dangers.We’d do that by freezing their missile testing,& by freezing their nuclear testing."
Great thread
my dude
Arguably Bernie's biggest weakness, his foreign policy experience. Here we see him shoring that up.. maybe for 2020? #RunBernieRun
Interesting Bernie, you would have made a good POTUS. And hey we share the same birthday
He WILL make a good President in 2020.
So what!!!!
You're still here??
Has been for decades, and now his thinking and policies will live on forever. Quite a legacy.
With a minority of people so it won't matter
Listen to him.
