You should have been the Dem candidate. The Dems are responsible for this mess.
And that proves you are actually in that minority of people even dumber than trump supporters.
Both parties gave us shit candidates. No, I'm not the "dumb" one here.
One party gave highly qualified candidate from choice of 2 excellent candidates. The other party gave us a clown from choice of many clowns
You won't get my vote, even though you did during the primaries. Your true colors came out under pressure and you're a coward.
Mike if you're calling the most ethical and consistently honest people centered politician a coward, you are delusional
I assure you that I am not delusional. I just heard Bernie Sanders waste my time with Trump/Russia non-sense. He spreads #FakeNews & lies.
Lol Trump giving out Intel to Russia, is just a coincidence right?
Lol blame Obama for everything. Solid logic
Yes, but we do care. We know that you will do the right thing.
And know you would totally screw it up
RT - If you LOVE BERNIE SANDERS!
RT IF YOUR @You AND THIRSTY FOR ATTENTION!
he blocked me lesgeddit
I blocked you and reported you as spam
just saw ur reply did you think i was saying bernie blocked me?
Yes 
lol it was just the @you profile i like bernie
I want you to run, but I don't want you to have the Clinton treatment next election.  Keep the DNC Fair.
That's a good one while you and your wife rob the college funds and have a third house and live in luxury and use insider info
We also care if you run.  We want you to run.  YOU are our ONLY hope.
I hope a progressive runs in 2020 but I don't have to know until 2019
The American Progressive Party wants you to run on their ticket in 2020.  I hope to meet you in Chicago.  - Soni
There isn't a better option is there since the DNC closed their door and Dems are still involved in war profiteering and corporate interest?
Uhhh... Actually, the American people care A LOT. #BERNIE2020 #STILLSANDERS
Really? We just had an election? Then let it go. Btw, u r right, we don't care
We care that you don't. Please reassure us that you will not run so we can breathe a sigh of relief.
Rmm@
You are so right . But I got one hope you do run and ascan independent .
Trumoffff is felonioys by nature.mssquerading as a liberal democrat for years.converting.r
This is not Sanders on this account. Repeat... this is not Bernard Sanders tweeting from this account.
Yes, we do care. You should run. No more psychopaths like Trump and Clinton.
Meh, I'm w/ Bernie on this one. There is no break from the US presidential election cycle - it's absurd when compared to other countries
Not true I'm more worried about how I work for my health care and still have to pay 4 everyone who doesn't work. Vets and elderly excluded
Get sick where you can't work and see if they still cover you. I'll gladly pay more so you can have healthcare when you need it. Just saying
Don't care if you run? Ok, I guess you have a sense of humor?
The American people want you to run Bernie.
The American people don't care if you run? Geez, Bernie, you're so out of touch with reality! ;-)
I think he's saying he's rightfully focusing on blocking the R's agenda now and he's up for senate reelection in 2018 so there's much to do.
got it
personally, I'd like to see younger progressives come up like @TulsiGabbard and @SenWarren run.
Well, the bottom line is that even if Bernie doesn't run, his endorsement will be huge. No reason why Gabbard wouldn't get his endorsement.
absolutely. I'd like him to mentor the younger progressives because they have great policies that a majority of Americans truly support!
Pssstttt. I haven't seen many people in support of tulsi gabbard getting another run in congress.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
We do care. You should run.
We do care.  We want Bernie Sanders to be our president and Pope Francis to be our Pope.
Just a gentle reminder Francis is the leader of a global pedophile operation.
Yes, and Francis has fought against child abuse, genocide, war, poverty, inequality, wealth disparity.  Only Bernie is his equal.  WAKE UP
Wrong, millions of us want him to run in
And he said he didn't want to run, so stop and get to work changing the voting system. Our elections are RIGGED and our VOTES DON'T COUNT!
Did you see him excusing Ws presidency of lies to gaslight for Mullen to investigate a bogus claim abt Russia hacking the election? #shame
Thank you Bernie for the only two minutes of airtime CNN will run today about policy. #AlwaysSanders 
Classic CNN to focus on the drama and ignore and/or marginalize the real issues. Interested to hear your thoughts on kasich
Hey Bernie, how about you find a young Democrat to mentor and cultivate for next three years and have them run? Pass the torch
You'll do more good using your position to raise up the next generation of leaders. It's time.
actually, Bernie, we do care.
Very true, but his tweet was in response to establishment (politico) hatchet jobs recently. 
#NotMeUs
one of my fave posters:). the "debate" btwn him and Kasich he said same thing,moderators let him know we DO care also
Couldn't watch the debate, no cable. But so glad he kept to that theme!
on youtube..got a pc or an ipad?
Damn. Didn't know they were streaming.
its recorded, was from yesterday right?
about a reasonable alternative to spending my carbon credits manufacturing garbage five days a week thank you very much
i am worrried about the environment, reducing pollution and emissions, and enjoying fresh air and sunshine, and would like to think and talk
we care more than ever!
You are incorrect.  If people "work", they will have some form of healthcare.  Need to get socialist like you deported and people to work.
Could donald lean more left on healthcare as a republican? He's always been a dem. Left on education and health. Not as far as you
Actually I do care if you run BUT I understand your frustration with them asking you all the time about it. Honestly I am -->  #Bernie2020 
I care more about politicians following the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.
And who's fault is that?
Becky Bond: Bernie's failure to put race at the center damaged his ability to bring everyone together around a healing agenda.
I beg to differ... The American people love you and want to see you run in 2020. Why? We trust that you know how to fight and win!
I urge you to call for an investigation into how classified intelligence was leaked to the Washington Post.
I understand your point. Yet, aside from health care, jobs and surviving this insanity, many do care if you run. Many want to help u win.
That's why we need you to run so we can make sure everyone has health care & jobs. Democrats r only interested in 1% not average people
I follow you in all matters but America DOES care if you run in 2020...They are begging you to run!! PLEASE!!
I care if you run. #MakeAmericaVenezuela #BreadLinesAreAGoodThing
Have to disagree with you on this one.

#DraftBernie #Bernie2020
Bernie, the WHOLE WORLD cares if you run!!! I've seen people proud to listen to your rallies, all over Europe! We care!
Trump's administration have created civil cheou
Yes we do! We need you as our president, Bernie! We're not going away. 
#DraftBernie #Bernie2020
If you think that you having been hearing us Bernie! How much louder do you need the call? #DraftBernie #BERNIE2020 #BernieWouldveWon #Bern
Sorry Bern, they're just not listening to you. Again.
#We CARE that #BernieWouldveWon & we CARE enough to #DraftBernie #BERNIE2020 #NinaTurner #TulsiGabbard #DNCFraudLawsuit #BernieComeBack
@DraftBernie oh, yes we do care! Leave the dems! #PresidentSanders
The American people dont care? Bullchit bernie, im begging u2 go stump 4 other dems, U & u alone caused Mello 2 lose his election in omaha!
Plus I think most of America was still unfamiliar with you. I for one am listening now...
That's why you have to start campaigning now on how you're going to undo everything the Donald has done to us. #IfNotYouThenWho
And, on the national level, who other than you is talking about those concerns beyond a soundbite?
We did just have an election......and the people spoke loud and clear about the direction they want to see this country move.
True! So talk about that when ur on CNN! Don't give credibility to the Dems & their condition I call Russian Tourette's. They are sick!
Except we DO care if you run again. Start campaigning now.
We care if you run! Please run! We need you Bernie! #FeelTheBern
Remeber that next election cycle Bernie.
Aw, bugger off, Bernie
Oh but Senator Sanders, we do want you! America needs your vision for us. You planted the seed, we have been growing, we need you, sir.
Then we sure as fuck dont want the chair of the VA who let veterans die as our president #neverbernie
Run, Bernie Run!!!!
We want jobs, healthcare and you as our next President, problem is without you, we don't get any of that. #bernieforever
What!!! ... no we are worried about our future and safety right at the moment, healthcare won't help if we all die from a nuclear attack.
Don't run. You're awesome, but you'll never get elected and you'll keep messing up our lives. Please. With love.
I care!! That is all I think about because you are the one who will make those things happen you will try more than anyone else will
We LOVE bernie!!! 
If he is still spritely in 2020... Run. 
If not... HE PAVED THE WAY for the next ;)
Ill take either :)
Actually, we, the people, totally care.
Highest approval rating. @BestOfTheLeft 5-16 Trumpcare. US Universal Health Care would be cheaper @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein @RepThompson
You're wrong, we care!
Please help protect us from Trump and we will help on our side of the fence. Together we will make it. Nov 2018 and we will FLIP THE HOUSE
Especially money in politics
& money in politics
Actually Bernie, I do care. I would love to know if you're leaning towards running agin bc I don't have confidence in very many Dems anymore
Run Bernie, run!  #FeelTheBern
You're absolutely right, the American people do NOT want you to run again.
We care about both, sir. Don't leave us. Bring forth a new People's Party,aka Democratic Socialism that you popularized during your rallies!
well said, sir. That was just a cringe-worthy question!
A country is for people not corporations. The corporations should serve the people.
Damn all that. You're the only one with enough civil rights street cred to run. Dem shoes got more miles than a VW diesel.
But we do care that you run we love you Bernie Sanders
Hopefully you do decide to run. You'd get my vote buddy!
No Bernie replacement has stepped up.  I care, and I DO want you to run.
You're mistaken. America still mourns that you weren't the one. The American people still wants and needs you desperately.
Unfortunately we live in a world where we have next year draft predictions the day after the draft, and I guess now the same with elections
i care about health care, jobs, our planet Senator, BUT I DO CARE IF YOU RUN-- #WeThePEOPLE NEED YOU #BernieSanders  #OurRevolution
the DEM's need leadership right now. So sir run or mentor someone  new and they will need mentoring.

You were screwed, and as a result of that the nation got screwed #BringBackBernie #BernieSanders #GOPSucks
I can't believe are government is letting this Trump Administration Kill, innocent poor American's! It's literally a Mass Murder!!!!
If trump kills Obama care instead of fixing it, my mom may not live any longer! She is disabled and depends on her DR's and Meds to Live.
We are worried about that IDIOT in office for Christ Sake.
Ditch the Democrats Bernie, go Independent
.@SenSanders @BestOLuck but do release your financials ffs.
I care Bernie.
They're like dogs with a bone.
That would be cool but age is a factor here wish u could've run sooner
Go way please!!
That is what you should focus on. Not Russia. Putin is laughing his ass off at all of you Dem 
They just don't get it.  It is all at the message, not the person. We love you Bernie, but it is because of the message you project.
Oh but yes we do (too)!
And our unfit Pres: #impeach. But, deeper concern for me, ignoring devastation of all life on earth. We need good guidance, less greed.
I hope you run in 2020.
The American people are more worried that Democrats will try to fix everything using our tax dollars and FAIL...like they always have.
We do care if you run seeing as you're the only politician who seems to actually care about us.
I'm more worried about our ridiculous entitlement system and Dem plans to make it worse.
Which is exactly why you didn't protest mightily the shenanigans pulled on you by the Electorate. You Knew we would need a Hero.
we do care....in stifling your campaign they silenced US. We're still with you!
..and it seems you don't care if Trump wins again. We are not voting for democrats corporste shills.
Your half right! We care about those things. But we also care if you run.
Yeah the weird 4 years early fixation on elections needs to stop
Your right! But we do. But your right!
@SenSanders WE CARE! WE CARE! Please, for the love of all that is good and holy in this world, RUN AGAIN!
Run.
For Universal Health Care, all we need to do is Copy the best UHC system, from the 35+ other countries, that have had UHC for decades.
I want you to run! Pls. BErnie do not abandon us
And safety, respect, schools, social behavior and acceptance, being great, becoming stable, our rights and privileges, arts, and the world.
But thanks, to you and @JohnKasich, for keeping the discussion last night substantive and open. See you guys next month!
No no, we REALLY want you to run! PLEASE!
Bless you for the fight Senator
Bernie: I don't think you should run (age). I do think you should help us navigate through the crowd that will run.
Maybe you should have backed a candidate that didn't try to sabotage your campaign.
Run. We need friends in high places. We're still fighting for that upset.
"Aw, stop it! You!"
don't you understand? People need hope. Otherwise, there's desponcency. Let us have our hope
If the dems offer real candidates with real messages sure. Otherwise we need ya
But bruh also run in 2020 after you join #DraftBernie . dems are using you again. And us. We still need you
Actually, we need you to run again. We can no longer survive under an Oligarchy.
You know what, we cared so much that we gave you every last cent we could spare. But I get that Clinton/DNC killed Seth Rich and scared you
I am also worried about whether you run in 2020.  No, really
It's so nice of Hillary Clinton to tweet from your account so you don't have to...
I care and I want you to run, but in a newly formed People's Party. #draftbernie #demexit #sanders2020
Sorry Bernie democrats will NEVER let u WIN. They're just using u even ur democrats followers. Be careful on trusting people.
Hell yeah Bernie but WE DO CARE IF YOU RUN! RUN BERNIE RUN!!!
This isn't Bernie!!!  Give me a break!! @janeosanders look at this! This isn't Bernie's voice!!  What a joke!
That was his response to Dana Bash on CNN last night, asking if he would run again in 2020
And YOU are the ONLY one talking about it! We love you, Bernie!!!
I care if you run! We need you!
Impeach his http://ass.now  smh it's clear as day.
I watched last night and may I say how refreshing it was to hear voices of common ground - true humanity and compassion. Thank you Sir.
I actually care of both
you got that right! We don't give a shit if you run. You're a cult-leading fraudster. You will NEVER be president.
I'm all about the issues but NOT a DAY goes by and I don't hope Bernie Runs #Bernie2020 America & the World is n Desperate need for Bernie
Thank you for being the only leader who keeps fighting for us-- the working people who are struggling and furious at this unjust system.
Your the salt of the earth man
MY NAME WAS SETH RICH
We need a solid leader, you fit the bill, Sen. Will you join our Millions for Medicare march on July 15? Please! @Medicare4all
bless you for your frankness.
We LOVE you Bernie! & would love to have you run and be president; but yes we are concerned about the here & now too We MUST be
To whom are you referring?  It seems your party are having trouble accepting the election results. Your party screwed up economy
Run Bernie, please.
You're right, they don't care if you run. They care if you're drafted #draftbernie #draftTulsi #draftNina
No worried abt the sanctity of the office, Allies, RussianTrump trash
Good thing you didn't win. Just imagine how many more snowflakes would not think they had to work.
Oh what an insightful thought! Did u just have a moment of clarity when u take a break from thinking about Russia?
It's sad that people think just because you care about real issues you're just trying to get the spotlight. We can't help we #feelthebern
With E.O.Wilson here "An appeal to save life on Earth"  We need scientists running r government...... of by & for LIfe
mostly jobs
I couldn't agree more I just wish I could find a way to start bringing people together to stand and make a difference.
But you seek to eliminate jobs that provide healthcare... #irony
you've started a movement in this climate. If not you, endorse a successor, or run as VP to someone you believe in
Normally I totally agrew with you that the focus needs to be on issues... but I absolutely DO care that you run again.
If you run, you have my vote. I appreciate your concern for what is happening right now though!
I understand the game you have to play. It's a mess. Please run as an independent. Most of us are done with the two party system
Is your #MedicareForAll bill almost ready?
@NCForBernie Our hopes were dashed when HRC rigged the primary and then you endorsed her, it's been stress ever since #UwldHv1
we should support our current president.I supported Obama even when I didn't agree with him.I wanted him to succeed.I want #Trump 2 succeed
He's toast.
We will see. Ping me in two years.
I care if you run!!! I want you for president Bernie!
Mr Sanders I voted for you but for some reason in the state of Wisconsin some of our votes were not counted
Bernie you should run.
I care if you don't run.
i dunno Bern. I gotta think that there's some worry about CORRUPTION, OPPRESSION, and ELITISM...in there somewhere.
And...I'd support you if you run again
I care and sincerely hope you don't run
What did dems do to improve/save ocare responsibly? It's clear we are on better jobs track. Proof of your hypocrisy
I'm a lazy fuck and want more govt control
And the planet and our so called "democracy".
Senator Sanders, please help place one of these leaders in the oval office: Pramila Jayapal, Zephyr Teachout, Nina Turner, Tulsi Gabbard
Nor have I forgotten how you had the primary stolen from you thanks to Debbie wasserman Schultz and her superdelegate cronies
I respect @SenSanders more now then I ever did. Seeing him stand up for the poor & for universal healthcare since the early 1990s #Champion
I disagree sir. Many of us have not forgotten how much of a difference you can still make as our POTUS
I completely disagree Bernie.  I care and a ton of your supporters do too.
Yes we do care
Run Bernie Run!
