Do you live in a country with universal health care? Please share your experiences as a patient or provider: https://sen.gov/sanders/9Z98 
Everyone that needs surgery comes to the US.
Why would I go to the US to pay for surgery when I can receive quality and free care in Australia.
What is your tax rate?
It's a sliding scale based on income. For your first 18K of income (per yr), it's zero. For your next 20Kish its approx 19c ev dollar etcetc
Someone gave me a screenshot showing the various brackets. Thank you for the response though! Based on the rates, it isn't free healthcare.
You'll have a hard time finding many in Australia who aren't willing to pay tax for Medicare, or the PBS (massively subsidised drugs).
The argument isn't against willingness. The argument is against force by govt to do it. Why involve the govt or force for a good idea?
2/ accusing the conservatives of undermining it. This led to furious denials from the conservatives and promises not to mess with it.
What Americans also need to understand is with free healthcare, people take less sick days, since access to healthcare is easier.
This drives up productivity, pushes down prices, allows for shorter working hours and more leisure time
As people, collectively, get less sick, healthcare costs go  for trivial issues, and allows the burden of expensive treatment to be shared
America, you have 2 choices, either: the richest survive and the poor die, or everyone survives and you have more leisure time
Given that general life expectancy has increased, I doubt your warning of demise.
Pick a link, any link
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2017/06/07/us-one-worlds-worst-health-divide-between-rich-poor/102583180/ …
https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2017/06/america-has-the-third-worst-level-of-health-inequality-in-the-world/529158/ …
These articles are carbon copies of each other. Hmm.. They factor child mortality rate. I wonder if that includes the over 300K US abortions
Here's a report and 2 more articles on health inequality in the US
http://www.urban.org/sites/default/files/publication/49116/2000178-How-are-Income-and-Wealth-Linked-to-Health-and-Longevity.pdf …
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/13/health/disparity-in-life-spans-of-the-rich-and-the-poor-is-growing.html …
I'm Canadian, have Crohn's Disease, have had multiple surgeries and regular specialist appointments and I'm not bankrupt!
But your fellow citizens are on the hook for the bill.  How noble of you.
It's noble as hell to protect one another and ensure that people can get the care they need. I'm more than happy to be 'on the hook'.
I'm stoked that I'm helping others survive & thrive, dude. I know that, as a healthy person, care will be there if I ever need help.
AND ALSO, the 'hook' is pretty damn insignificant in comparison to human life. I care about others and it feels pretty damn great.
Nice of you impart your moral judgements on others.  Be clear - without the US HC system, Canada would have NOTHING to give away.
If suggesting that people care about and consider other human beings is imparting moral judgements, I'm down with that.
Except that you only care for yourself.  You don't care about the financial position you put others or your country, as long as you're good
Educate yourselves people.  Research.  Just don't blindly follow.
Okay...except Bernie never said that in 1987. Stop the @ me shit- I don't give af what you're saying.
You kiss your momma with that mouth?  I'm blocking you oh and I suggest you research that.  Dozens of sources confirm it and no one denies.
I had to buy my fucking inhaler off of the street because I can't afford that shit. They've monetized my inability to breathe.
R u ok?
Yea
Ok
I live in British Columbia, Canada.  I pay for healthcare but it's a small deduction on my paycheck, like $50! Covers my wife and 4 kids too
In Alberta Canada, it cost me 63 bucks a month for unlimited healthcare. Most other Provinces got it free.
In UK prescriptions cost £6.80
I'm an Alberta resident - I've never paid a cent, other than extra benefits. My guess is your $63 is for blue cross or something similar.
Correction: It was $38/Month
Albertans paid until the late 90's, when they retired the AHC premium.
I remember there was a fee at one time - but I was under 18 when it was discontinued. I totally forgot about it - but I never had to pay it
Do I know you?
Sparwood?
Never been to Sparwood.
Coincidence of names.
Nice to meetcha, Christine, that I did not attend Grade 5 with in BC Canada. 
The best part is I went to school with Sean Cowan. Different, but close. Nice to meet you too Shawn with the different spelling Cowan!
@SarahKSilverman I don't get you. At the DNC, you *shouted* at us that we were "being ridiculous". Now, you sing to our tune. 
We could have had this ALREADY if it weren't for people like you in politics and all the "superdelegates". 
Not inconsistent IMO. If voters refuse to leave the Bernie train AFTER nominee has been selected, we get Trump every time in our system.
Or maybe if the DNC had held fair primaries and didn't sabotage Bernie. Voting along party lines is the problem, not Bernie supporters.
Latest research shows 12% of Bernie supporters voted for Trump. Hillary had her nagatives, but she'd be better than what we have now.
Sure you can.....
We can have it but Bernie. .love the man can't do it.
From Canada. Wait times can be bad, but nobody goes bankrupt from medical bills, and when it's life threatening they act fast.
California rejected its single payer plan for one reason.....THEY CANNOT AFFORD IT! Obviously on a national scale is going to be same...
I agree Cory. It's very easy for her to want everyone to have 'affordable healthcare' when costs don't really affect you.
Portugal. Our taxes provide for free health care. Sometimes pay a small fee. Childbirth is free.
I do. Free healthcare for everyone in my country (norway) all we do is just pay a little bit more in taxes :)
43% (Norway) vs 28% (US) on average.  That's not "a little bit more"  You're one of the most taxed people on Earth.  Plus you take US aid  
No, they don't take US aid. They have a GDP $12k more than the US, and do that with 300 fewer man hours
I've moved from Indinapolis Indiana to Perth Australia.  The difference in choice is staggering! $700 a month to its included in my taxes!
From Canada-wait times can be long for non-life threat iss but my Human's son,dad & husband all treated for serious prob imm at no ext cost
WE WANT, WE WANT!! Even if we Don't want, we'll realize we just didn't understand , but we DO want!!
No thanks. I like having the right to choose & also the right to keep what I earn. I also don't believe in forcing labor without pay.
#sourvagina
I'd be dead without it.
No you wouldn't.  You'd just be responsible for the bill.
We want, we need. <3
Get out and work.  You can have all you want.
You make a whole lot of judgement with little to know information. It's extremely maladaptive. Just sayin'.
We want, we need = #greed. It's offensive to everyone who has to put food on the table to hear that you are entitled because you need.
You have never experienced the fury of mother nature at her worst, clearly. FYI- I work until my bones grind on each other. Just sayin'.
From Canada: lots of abuse of the system with no consequence and wait times are horrendous for the most basic of care.
Sarah is a silverspooner, ZERO concept of leeching off other people, she doesn't care, she believes she's worth every nickel they'll pay.
In the U.S. the worse the diagnoses the more fundraising we have to do. People forced to beg at the worst time in their lives ..CRIMINAL!!!!
Breast cancer surgery and radiation treatments =$0.00. cataract surgery and daily drops =$0.00. Universal Medicare in Canada? Priceless.
He hasn't really put his career or reputation on the line by really taking the GOP on with an actual bill. He let Hillary and Obama do that.
Bernie evangelizes, and we all support his ideas. But he hasn't written a Uni-HC bill, nor fight GOP, big Pharma, big Insurance to win it.
Thanks for telling us we're being ridiculous for wanting healthcare last year
Go away. U dared admonish those who fought hard for Bernie. So quietly go to Houston, rescue people, use UR millions to rebuild a home there
I live in Australia, and I can safely say I would not be alive today if it weren't for universal health care.
Never happen. The powers that be are too selfish
Weapons of Mass Destruction is what we got!
Also my medical costs me less than $70 a month
I  am Canadian-have had 5 surgeries and 2 pregnancies and have never received a bill nor paid for any medical in my life.
3/3 So yes, I spend time waiting. But in the end, I am taken care of. And that is everything. Not perfect - but I'm covered. 
2/3 I don't have money to spend on health insurance but I do have time. And our coverage in Canada allows me to utilize what I do have.
1/3  Our health care system is far from perfect, but I know that when I need it, I can use it - no matter the need.

Dumb people, no one wants government controlling our healthcare, use your brain.
Health care is not a right. Nothing is free. Taxation is theft.
Type 1 Diabetic in London. Best consultants in the country as lucky to be part of teaching hospital, all prescriptions free for last 34 yrs
As long as you pay for it
I don't understand why people don't want FREE healthcare.  FREE!!
@SenSanders Youre being ridiculous.
I think all of you rich celebrities should teach the rest of us by example and donate all of your excess to the government to fund it
They removed my ingrowing toenail without any fuss. The perm marker pen arrow on my foot to show which nail to remove was quite stubborn
It's a matter of waking up every morning with one less thing to worry about.
I live in Italy and have a chronic condition which means if I use the state system everything is free.
Americans call themselves patriotic but when it comes to paying taxes so EVERYONE can be covered any say no thanks. Good luck if you get ill
 Taxes less than Amercns think. $0 out of pocket for c-sectn, pacemkr, cancer, check ups. Peace of mind=priceless. Tk care of each other.
It will only be a matter of time till others will have the power to take that away again. Don't depend on government or you are screwed.
Not a good reason for not fighting for this. Very defeatist.  They only win if we the people let them get away with it.
That is a good reason. When people depend on the government it rarely goes well. We are trillions in debt and in 10 wars.
I think I would spend time fighting against being in 10 wars before giving up on Medicare for all.
I agree on the wars but I would rather provide my own health care than depend on a government that won't even take decent care of veterans
It's "our" government. I won't let them off that easily. They are supposed to work for us not themselves and it's high time that they do.
That would be great but I'm afraid we are so in debt and war it will get worse first. I'm glad people like @pmcall care.
Fighting for our rights has never been easy & never will be. You are probably right it will get worse before better. Working together is key
In Chile It's free... covers a lot of illness, including some rare ones and mental issues. But not enough doctors wanting to work public.
So if you need a knee surgery or something like that you could have to wait for months.
In UK I had emergency appendectomy and was allowed to stay in hospital 1 week to recover. Then nurses&childcare were sent to my home NO COST
For Info
UK Income tax Rates 
Under £11,500 - 0% <---zero
£11,501-£33,500 - 20%
£33,501 - £ 150,000 - 40%
Is this really Bernie posting not stop? Sucks being smart..
Calling all ex-expats: Please support US single-payer! Americans deserve what we had abroad. "Freedom" & "Choice" are bankrupting&killing us
 I was a single, unemployed (uninsured) mom when my son was born with a heart defect that needed fixed. He was airlifted to the... /1
Children's hospital, they transferred me in an ambulance to be with him, gave me a private room so I could have time. He had tests, one.../2
Procedure the next morning, and open heart surgery at 4 days old. He was in the hospital for a month. He's happy and thriving today.../3
And I'm in school doing what I've always wanted to do—I can't imagine that would've been possible with the debt I would've had elsewhere!
Oh, and his regular cardiology appointments are also covered, so he isn't saddled with that cost the rest of his life either 
4 surgeries, 1 childbirth w/complications, 1 miscarriage, multiple pre-existing conditions, monthly psychiatrist visits ... ZERO dollars.
Oh, in case you're wondering, I don't have an HMO, or anyone else, telling me which doctor I can go to.
The NHS in England is free and offers a largely superb service although our right wing government underfunds it, as you'd expect
The dead newborns in Germany's rotten hospitals, the underpaid nurses in Britain, the victims in France every heat wave. No good role-models
Wait until we send all if illegals from US to Canada. Healthcare will go broke.
I am in Ontario. I work in retail for 30+ years, own my home,2 cars, and raised 2 kids. I never think about healthcare. It is free.
*Wagging broken finger I can't afford to have treated* It's not really free y'all! It's taxes!
Hi friend, not free, its better than free, we in US would save money with UHC. We pay far more for less. Please please give  to UHC 
Universal healthcare doesn't mean they have anything against eczema. Enjoyer of universal healthcare.
American living in Spain. Broke my nose the other day, as a tourist, got full hospital/emergency for free. It's incredible
Ah, ...no.
I have lived a small fraction in my life in the US, most in Australia and Japan. Free health care is very expensive. I have very little say.
You don’t want. Your crazy stuff about small government and meritocracy screws it all
Yes I live in Canada. Would you like to come to Canada and have live discussions. I'm sure Trudeau would love to join.
What Americans fear as socialism we call normal life and compassion
Live in  and work in a hospital, I watch the freedom patients and providers have to just do what's right for each indiv - true liberty 0$
The NHS is brilliant
19 Trillion in debt & 100 Trillion in off balance sheet liabilities; we do not have the money
Last year I was in Norway and had to remove my gall bladder. Ambulance transport, diagnosis, surgery and two day extra stay. Cost? 15 usd.
I live in Sweden btw.
I broke my big toe last week. Treatment, X-ray and follow up cost me 12 us dollars.
UK calling. NHS great for acute issues, good for chronic and good enough for the rest. Generally fantastic staff. Gov't underfunding tho'
I couldn't picture life without it. Knowing my country has me covered at our most vulnerable.
I live in Canada and I've always received excellent cutting-edge care through the public system. No unreasonable wait times. No user fees.
Past 8years in CA premium's were $900+, (2 spouses) ACA made it $395.00 four years ago. I haven't used it but I have health ins. I feel rich
Canada rocks it
Stop already. HRC won the nomination and lost. Move forward otherwise you will e stuck with DJT for the full 8 years. 2018 2020 eye on priz
But my Mom's friend has a cousin from Holland or something and she said it's not that good so it won't work here.
Wait a minute, didn't u say those who chanted 4 it & 2 No TPP, & NO MORE WARS at the DNC Convention in July 2016 were "Being Ridiculous"?
But I thought we were "ridiculous".
We might've gotten it too, if you didn't abandon Sanders the second things looked bad. Maybe if people like you spoke about the DNC...
screwing him over intentionally, rather than calling all his supporters Bernie Bros, then we'd have it.
I wish
@SenSanders 
Sarah, Sarah, income tax rates in those countries reach up to 70%+. R u willing to pay? 99% of the 1% are not.
If only
I have had 2 C sections, gall bladder surgery and an ankle full of hardware.  No incremental costs ( except parking cost for my hubby)
Omg this is so depressing
My mother's biggest life transformation was during her last 3.5 years, while being treated constantly 4ovarian cancer.No bill$. Thx CANADA
Canada has it.... You saying Canada's better than USA? Maybe. Depends who you ask. You can do this. We have a much smaller population.
Lived in Calgary, Houston, Denver.  Heart problems. Bypass,etc.  Take 4 mads daily.  Best care in Canada, affordable, dr's take time 4 u
 not only do we NOT have to worry when we get sick but we exercise preventative care by regularly going to the doctor because its free.
If only your own party didn't sabotage itself...imagine the possibilities. #noonetoblamebutyou
In May I learned I had kidney tumor; needed surgery asap. A public school hospital and great team in São Paulo Brazil . I paid Uber. Yes!
First class care for breast cancer in Canada, no debt and little out of pocket. I'm grateful to be a survivor. $140 mo/for couple & no Ded.
We've seen the Obama admin use the IRS as a political weapon. What would a Dem administration do if they controlled our healthcare??!?!!?
UK. Killed Baby Charlie Gard because he was deemed unworthy of treatment by state bureaucrats.
Why is america one of the few places left that feels that the big insurance companies should control our country's healthcare?
Dad hospitalized 8x when I was a child w/chronic pain issues. Mom had breast cancer - chemo, radiation, meds. No bills thanks to 
Stop the hemorrhaging of food stamps and Welfare and everybody in the country could have the best medical in the world paid for by the gov.
I would much rather pay higher taxes for free medical. I had cancer and it took a year and half to pay the bills; then follow up ugh
Yes, live in Canada . Very lucky. Husband has had bypass, I was put on the stem cell transplant list. No bills. Retired. No stress.
Its awesome!  Walk in, have a baby by c-section, stay 3 days semi private room.  Walk out, no bill or invoice.
All the stories of free healthcare in all the other countries but ours is almost as depressing as all the medical collections I have going..
Too bad I can't afford psychiatric care for all that depression since I have no insurance at all since my husband lost his job.
In Man. Cancercare calls,writes, & nags you to come in for FREE mammograms. Far from perfect but an absolute human right! You can do it!
They do! Plus, as soon as you turn 50, you get the poop on a stick test sent to you.
My bros were born @ 33 wks would've cost my parents' 1 mil+ each in care. Would STILL be paying that off (they are 26). But, in  was free
Can't imagine having to pay for a dr or surgery. Why wouldn't everyone want that? We're not perfect but we got it pretty good in Canada
Try waiting for 8 hours in emergency. That's free health care.
The US spends $700B+ for Defense to keep Americans safe, when the biggest killer is lack of affordable healthcare. SMH
Live un Costa Rica , we paid 8 % Of the salary and cover my wifi and children Hospital and medicines
Also why we need to defend the NHS from the Tories! It's an amazing thing!
I can't stand to pay for things for others !! Why should I , I work for it! But it just keeps getting taken from me
The reason Health care prices are so high is because law states if you show to ER you get treated, so where does the$ for that come from
Ohhh yeah that's right all you people that said if trump wins I'm moving to Canada ,,, still here.... hypocrisy at its finest
If that's what you want then leave, go somewhere that has the things you want.... that's not difficult ....
Please stop pushing Bernie sanders ideas. He's hurting the party more than helping. For reals
Yes. What a dick. Trying to get healthcare for ALL Americans.
Never said he was a dick.
I see that. But you are insinuating he is by your comment. For reals.
Nope. I'm saying dems need a strategy and he isn't a part of it. We can't afford to lose again. For reals
Obviously. Here's a thought....find out how OTHER Countries do it and work from there.

WE Canadians could never imagine not have the healthcare system we have,
a country as the US not to have such is a disservice to its people
This is a bogus edited 1sided list. I tried 2ask questions of respondents & of course no answers.  zero negative comments. All Propaganda
Hey Sarah! #BernieWouldHaveWon
Portugal, SNS, free for some, with small fees for others. The best institution we have, almost free, reliable, universal in our country.
No one wants it lol
No, we can't. We have Republicans.
We can, but not until progressives stop voting for Democrats.
No.  No you can't.
Somewhat imperfect as our Canadian system is (is there a perfect one?), I'm sure 9 out of 10 of us would NEEEEEVER switch for the US system
Easy move to Canada
Not a penny. Only thing no covered is an ambulance ride but im working on that.
I agree you should move to New Zealand
Indeed you can...Wife is from US, we had three children in Toronto, she is still blown away our bills were sent to us and max $175 for TV...
Canada: When someone we love is sick, only worry is getting them healthy, we never have to worry about the $. Yes, we take it for granted.
My hope is one day everyone in America will enjoy free anything and everything, I will fight alongside ANTIFA til this dream becomes reality
It's okay they abuse people?
The only abuse I'm aware of are the people and corporations who charge people money for goods & services.
I would but I'm camera shy
In Ontario Canada, my daughter broke her leg skiing.  Airlifted to hospital. Cost: $45 for helicopter. $25 for crutches
https://medium.com/@njmtpa/my-personal-experience-56f6cbc382f2?source=linkShare-4f7a12526cad-1503961422 …
Ontario, Canada. I've broken 7 bones never paid a dime. Brother was born with a heart defect. Wouldn't be around if we had paid healthcare
US Insurers reduced the amount of care they pay for, employers won't pay ins., minimum wage doesn't cover base needs. How is that 1st World?
Ontario. Severe open fracture of my leg. Emergency debridement & resetting. Surgery in morning. 8 screws and a plate. 2 week in hospital $0
OMG, hope you are ok. Glad you are covered. Wish I was.
Eat more veggies and y'all are good! Simple
Canada - Dad with 2 kinds of cancer, aunt 3, sisters & mom too. We'd all be bankrupt if we lived in USA. Free fast & good care. Thankful!
Land of the FREE and BRAVE living with GUNSLAND OF NO TRUST IN GOVERNMENTSHaving to protect one'selfPREVENTS NATIONAL HEALTH CAREPERIOD
So, why did Bernie vote NO when Hillary negotiated/designed/presented a fully formed Universal Health package 30 yrs ago?
I am Canadian. My father in law had a stroke last Sunday. He has received compassionate, state of the art care and it hasn't cost us a cent.
I'm sorry Elaine! Prayers to your fam I ended up dehydrated and 'theeady' at a dance comp in CT $2,800 for fluid in 4 hr hosp visit 
I'm an American living in Italy with a permit to stay. Pregnancy care here was much better, and more thorough then my experience in the US.
NHS care I receive here in UK always outstanding. Free at point of use. Same for us all. Used to live in US. Great care too. For insured me.
As you keep your billionaire insurance. Socialism at it's finest. No way, the only insurance I want is open market. Hitler Health Care.
Hmm only seeing how wonderful Bernie wouldnt tweet the negatives. There is only rainbows and unicorns in his Socialist utopia like Venezula
It's all I've ever known in Canada & never received anything less than stellar treatment.
Proud Canadian here!  I have no problem paying higher taxes so that others have the same access to health care that I do.
Me, too. And I am FAR from wealthy.
I've always liked this. It's pretty much how it is in Canada.
Yup!
Wow U.S. Gov.needs to figure out how this could happen here, happy u all are well taken care of by ur Government.. here not so much. :(
Sure, if you want to pay another 10% in income taxes. Good luck with that.
Slovakia-the contribution proportionate to income. Even jobless on the dole are covered. System may not be perfect, but worth every penny.
You can wait an extra month for a non emergency MRI or you can remortgage ur house to have it tomorrow. I'll take the wait.
Universal Basic Income would mean universal food, universal shelter, universal health care. Charge fees to polluters, give proceeds 2 people
No you can't. Cause Murica
Bc learning from history is better than trying to erase it- #liberallogic
Spent two weeks with my premmie son in NICU. Didn't cost a cent. Canadians don't have to worry about going broke to keep people alive.
I've lived under both US and Cdn systems. After 40 years of Cdn healthcare, I can say with confidence that it is exceptional.
In England, if you have more than 1 med regularly, you can buy pre-payment certificate of about £10 per month and no other charges. NHS 
My sweet daughter moved to NZ 8 yrs ago. Happy w her life there. She will prob never come back to US 
I wish you were right but our system is so broken and nobody in a position to make change seems to want to do anything to fix it
At 40 trillion in debt we can't afford anything free go away snowflakes and melt
9yo daughter badly broke her arm, had em'cy surgery & 2 nights in hospital, all free. Someone came 2 ward 2 do activities with the kids, too
She'll have 2 have further surgery later 2 remove rods frm her arm-again, free. Not 2 mention multiple fracture clinic app'ments in between
I personally would like to see the budgets of these countries.
Two worst healthcare systems in the US are the Indian and VA, both gov run
I live in the UK Because I have acute Ahstma I regularly need 4 medications. For all of and any extra this I buy an annual voucher for $100
Though I was sixty last week. So now they are all free for the rest of my life. Love the NHS
"Grow up" Sarah.
Check this out to all those criticizing Canada for our HC. https://www.facebook.com/ATTNVideo/videos/1707701326201488/ … who has the last laugh 
I'm 55 yrs old & I've NEVER paid a dime for hospital or emergency care here in Canada. How many Americans can say that?
None that I know of.
2/also it's an investment in ourselves, our families and our communities-wait times cld be better but what couldn't use a little QI?
1/No it's not 'free' in -but would rather pay a bit more in taxes so if the unthinkable happens it's not compounded by debilitating debt
Sarah we can only have it here if we start at the beginning and make med school cost leas than 300-500k ...
I lived in Canada 7 years.Upon arrival took me 6 months to find a doctor who would take me on as patient.Tests done only if right age risk.
Well yes.  That's why it works.  The doctors tell you what you need based on your symptoms. It's not a pick-your-own-cure system.
Live in Canada. Not a perfect system, but I won't lose my home or life savings if I'm ill.
neither will we. The US care is great and no wait
