Removal of the death tax will rid all Americans of unfair and unaffordable tax burden #CNNDebateNight
Bernie needs to walk the walk first.
Big 'slam' in GOP circles, til you remember he's fighting for tax relief for middle class, unlike current Admin.
Who's talking party affiliation? Bernie needs to pay more taxes. Set the example before he tries forcing others to do so.
Set the example? He's campaigning for middle class - against current admin. Spare me the RW hit piece, & look to Trump selling out voters
Set the example. BS's the one wanting to raise taxes. In 2005, I paid a higher % than him. Other people's money comes easy to socialist.
He's Dem Socialist, & if you think GOP has your back on lowering taxes for you & not rich $10m+ friends, they have hotel to sell ya
Kinda like the GDR? Why do you keep making this a party issue? Bernie's a socialist, but coming out all at once would be a death knell.
It's party issue since GOP full maj, w/ terrible tax plan at stake. There's better capitalism than turbo capitalism. Let's grow midd class
That's not true. You don't have to be in the top 0.2% to be affected by that. If remotely true, estate attorneys wouldn't have jobs.
No sympathy for lawyers.
Uh, that's not the point. There are lots of attorneys because estate tax dips down into the middle class. They're the ones hiring them.
Existence of so many attorneys is proof that it's more than just the top 0.2%. It's a bogus statement Sanders made.
He's referring to this.
And here's some more background.
I would love to be wrong about this. I shall research, if I'm wrong: until next time....lol
Always appreciate your perspective :-)
It isn't a "death tax." It's a tax on the estates of the .2%!

Not the 2%, the.2%!!!
It’s double taxation
maybe u should move 2 canada
Double taxation. But good to know you’re a Bernie person or liberal.  Straight to insults with no arguments.

Correct. No whining. Equal for everyone.
maybe u should stop whining then
I’m not. Do you have anything constructive to say by chance?  Or just trolling around with no purpose
In  my life gop has never helped  the poor man
You can see the disdain these Uber rich have for the common citizen by the lies they try to make us swallow.
I'm not so much against keeping the estate tax. Really it should have been taxed already.  It's the Lying that needs to end.
Bull shit @tedcruz  I thought you were supposed to be intelligent...
1) Not as smart as Bernie. 
2) Cruz lies
Cruz is counting on the stupidity of Dotard's base..
If Estate Tax is eliminated the Trump Heirs save up to $4B in taxes, and doesn't save any family farms as claimed. Already $11M excluded
Estate Tax is double dipping.Attempting to diminish transfer of wealth is goal of a Socialist. This model is fraudulent. Shame on you.
I understand the term; democratic socialist is the full identifier; limited by twitter all in the name of greater good...Thank You
Ted Cruz, Mark Rubio are fonferers and paskudniks, despots.
Oh my.
It is quite sad to see families have to sell their family home to pay estate taxes.

There should be a (reasonable) homestead exemption.
You want to steal from those supporting the economy today. You don’t think all Americans are equal???  You’re a thief
More of the same old crap. Make the average American think he's getting a break when it's really just the very wealthy who get the breaks
Death tax is unfair to all
That's a lie from Hell. Shame on you!

Lying @tedcruz - one of the few things I agreed with @realDonaldTrump
@tedcruz   The truth shall set you free. And just for good measure, thou shalt not lie. Get your s*** together, son.
BTW, nice new do.
Koch brothers love it.
Hey Bernie I would like to see you debate Ted you wouldn't stand a chance
to be clear, that is 2/10 of 1%
It's still unfair, vulture.
In his mind, the extremely wealthy ARE the only Americans.  The rest of us are subhuman to him.
It's also one of the last things preventing us from having a straight up aristocracy. It serves more of a function than raising money.
bull! inherited nothing but bills from my father's death, forced to pay $5000 estate tax.  $)-$5000 pays $5000 in death tax in PA
Bern that’s another lie
Bernie....why should the government get taxes from money that was already taxed?
Inbred ted’s at it again
I know a family that worked all their lives for acreage. Their family can’t keep it. #knowthefacts #regularpeople
#GOP knows that to run #TaxCon, they must make people see themselves not as exploited but rather as "temporarily embarrassed millionaires."
Does anyone really like @tedcruz ?
Gee did not know family farmers are part of the .2% Bernie your not speaking for Americans only communists like u
Today. But what about 25 years from now with growing 401ks?
And look how much they're suffered for 35 years.
NOT!
2 problems: this doesn't happen without corrupt politicians.
http://www.epi.org/publication/thomas-piketty-undermines-hallowed-tenets/ …
Then tell me why I paid it?
Stop debating within their frames.  Make them debate ours, "#taxreform The Trump/Republican plan will raise taxes on the middle class."
Every man’s home is his castle, but it still is not an Estate. Repeal of this tax will not be a benefit for you or me. Just super wealthy.
As usual, the rich get richer.
So if you are a minority you don't deserve equal protection under the law? I get it now. So should the rest of you.
Again we hear what seems to be deliberate misleading
Excuse me @SenSanders but the truly wealthy have estate plans, this affects Farmers and Mom & Pop Co's and hardworking Americans. #GetAClue
How true is this! Most of us will leave debt.
Bernie here in the real world@you can’t double tax money and assists that have already been taxed. I realize creating something is hard to understand.
That doesn't make it right to tax someone's income twice! I'm not even close to being wealthy, but make the Income Tax fair and final.
Perhaps the problem is that. Cruze thinks Americans are the  o.2% and the rest of us are their slaves and sycophants
That isn't true at all, bernie. Blatant  lie.
#BERNIE2020  you tell them Bernie!
When Ted talks about all Americans, he means those like himself. Any one else is invisible to them!
Right. All of us have parents with $11 million estates.
Lyin Ted Cruz right? Doesn't he know we can prove his lies are lied
I don’t know that I agree with your solutions all the time but you do have a  for the people and I enjoy listening to your arguments.
The burden Cruz refers to is the effort it takes to hide assets so they are not subjected to taxation. 99% dont have enough to hide.
Completely false. This tax affects farmers or small business families who aren't millionaires but gross assets are 5 millions or more.
It’s above $5.45M, $11M for couples. Only the estates of 1 in 500 of ppl dying /year are paying & of those only 50 are farmers or small biz
And they are able to donate just enough to charity to go under that threshold to avoid the tax, and many do.
In states like NY a small farm already go over the 5 millions many small business will fit this category. Let family inherit what they built
No, the point is many businesses and farms DONT fit this category. The ones that do are not small family businesses &find loopholes anyway
Only 0.2% of estates end up getting taxed. Only 50 farms (whose only source of income is the farm) would get taxed. Also, ya know, subsidies
We have such bad inequality!  So let's give billionaires a massive tax break. Genius!  Coward @SenTedCruz wouldn't agree to campaign finance
eliminating step up in basis would be a disaster, but preserving step up in basis, while eliminating estate tax, creates double benefit
Ted Cruz once again revealed that blatant lying is not confined to the Trump White House. It has become a hallmark of Republicanism.
Cruz is a fucking liar
@Rhythm_SSB this is false, look at Cruz's response
Yes including you ,,,,you crazy communist old man.
Technically we're all affected, 99.8% of us are benefitted by this tax
How easily they lie.
Eliminating estate tax does NOTHING for the middle/poor class but EVERYTHING for the rich.
All Americans have the potential of being in the top 2% at some point in their lives, dummy.
No1sb surprised>the 'supreme corrupt' unleashed>fascist movement in USA>via citizens united,voter suppression>sociopaths wo  moral standards
More dumb stuff from Bernice
Living up to your nickname Lyin Ted.
Right.  That's what makes it unfair Bernie.
America is just loaded with people with estates of  $5.49 million per person (effectively $10.98 million per married couple) in 2017.
Let's get rid off the death tax it is immoral
Most of Senate fall in top 7% of households
All of Congress but 17 fall in top 11% of wealthiest 
15 are in top 5%
159 top 6%
Rich donate LEAST to charity, as a proportion of their income
Richest under 5%; just wealthy @sensanders 7-10%; middle 15%; poor 22%
The marginal rate for the rich is only 27%, but true rate (what they pay) is 12.25% -- middle class pays closer to 31%; poor tax 33%!!
And of the top 1459 households, highest 28 would NEVER take it: Gates, Buffet, et al pay their FULL SHARE, not taking the 'rich man's dodge'
W/ #Respect no1 should be subj to #taxes on everything their entire lives just 2 be taxed again upon dying #DEATHTAX  #Unconstitutional #USA
Great job on the debate. I'm happy you started expanding on the talking points so people can understand what the benefit is to them.
you lose as usual Bernie!
Bernie lies, destroys farming families & many small family business's. Bernie wouldn't know though, he's never worked a day in his life.
I guess he really is Lying Ted Cruz.
Senator for Ted Cruz & rest of Gop all means the donors they serve.There is a diff. btwn your "all" & their "all".
"Oh sorry your dad died.......now If you could just give us all that money he left you that would me great"
How can any sane person support a death tax
Agree Ted Cruz
Funny, I had to pay taxes on when I received my aunts inheritance, trust me it wasn't that much as you proclaim. She was middle class! Derp
Cruze should read 'On Bullshit' to correct his bad dialectical habits.
Can. You. Just. Go. Away? You. Are. Not. A. Democrat
.@GOP #TaxReform is a lie

Each pixel represents .01%

#CNNDebateNight
Funny.I remmeber when my dad died that paid taxes. wonder why im not in the 0.2%
80 families only 80 families there are others of us you know
About 80 families. Only pay estate tax if your family passes on...ready?...$10,000,001 or more
Let's actually call them what they are, the donor class to politicians who will dutifully do their bidding, even against the stability of US
The Estate Tax going away protects our farmers! It's the only way they can afford to pass down their land w/ the family #CNNDenateNight
Actually only a small percentage of farmers have property worth more than 5 million, farm families aren’t affected by the estate tax
What does that have to do with anything, Bernie? They earned the money. Why should someone be allowed to take it away?
Get 'me Bernie!
Oops meant Get 'Em Bernie!
In my opinion, both statements work.  Consider me #StillSanders, and it's still #NotMeUs!!
Could be less than 0.2% as it's roughly 0.00004% of US taxpayers.
DRAG HIM LEGEND
Ted, Ted, Ted, only thieves like you and 1 per cent thieves are impacted.
@tedcruz I think thou protest too much #BreadLineBernie !! Gotta repeat yourself 100 times like every liberal argument!
That doesn't make the theft of their life's endeavors somehow less immoral.  It's still money/property that doesn't belong to anyone else.
Bernie wants to take your nest egg away from your children. That money has already been taxed!!!
So TAX money that was already TAXED?  Isn't that double dipping?
No that’s all Americans. Wealth doesn’t stay with the same people forever.
Retire. You’ve done enough harm to this country already.  You’re driving this country towards civil war.
Lieing Ted
CRUZ/LIAR!!!!!!!!
@tedcruz Give it a rest Bernie. Whether it's good or not for America doesn't matter to you all/just obstruct- quite pathetic

As Richard mentions, Treasury deleted its own study showing most corporate tax cuts go to profits, not labor income. Orwellian stuff. https://twitter.com/RichardRubinDC/status/919868928763088896 …
Bernie go to one of ur homes Or a  nursing home no one is listening2 u we have seen socialism & it ain’t pretty
Actually bernie is right on this pne.
@tedcruz death tax. Are you thinking of the UK, Ted? Only a tiny % of Americans. Tell the truth. Also, remove trump from office.
He campaigned for trump after he insulted his wife. Shows you the chances of that happening.
Bernie, you were GREAT tonight.  I'm angry with the CNN hosts, however. They allowed CRUZ to get away with murder. He talked far too long!
Farmers ? Small businesses?
So they shouldn't be able to give what was already taxed to their family without you getting your cut again.
My middle class family should not pay more taxes so the Koch brothers can avoid estate taxes.
Middle Class will see their taxes go with @GOP tax cuts just like my sister will be a bigger whore in comparison if I sleep with less women
Cruz is so stupid, he thinks we're all stupid enough to to believe him. How did this moron get into Harvard?
Do you ever get tired of lying and being wrong. Your wife is a crook and you don't make good on your debts. Why should anyone believe you.
That’s a good one. Speaking of not making good on debt, has @POTUS paid #BTV yet for that rally? How many bankruptcies? #WorstPresidentEver
He's an economic illiterate with a crooked wife under FBI investigation. He's a liar who loves to tax people and spend their money.
The founders thought the estate tax was a way to prevent monarchies of wealth controlling government as they do now.
Whatever it's still double taxation I hope to one day have to worry about estate taxes. Hands off my stuff old man
Thanks Bernie for a clarifying debate.
Thanks Ted! You just made sure it has no chance of passing now
Maybe "all" of @SenTedCruz friends.  Certainly not "all" taxpayers
Big ole fib you just told Bernie, the Estate tax steals family farms and businesses
Ted Cruz is obviously a complete shill for the rich and a lying dirtbag that wants nothing good for anyone in this country.
Seeing as we’re having a tax debate why don’t you show yours
Wig. Snatched.

No one should have to pay a tax on inheritance. Your nothing but a leech. When is your crooked wife going to jail?
The only Americans @tedcruz and the @gop care about, though.
Oops your talking about, Pelosi, Feinstein, Secretary Clinton, secretary Kerry, President Obama, your donors from Silicon Valley
GOP are now insane but they used to make sense
The Roosevelts were ok in my book.
Really the only people that really suffer from estate tax is the middle class their have been Soo many people lost the family business
Damn @SenTedCruz.....you really are a liar!
#evil #immoral Taking from those that have earned to give to those that have not is stealing.
Like a parent who worked to get their riches passing them on to a child who hasn't?
So the government is entitled to it instead of the family?  A 15 year old farm kid has already worked harder then Bern ever has.
When would a farm kid ever be effected by the estate tax?!
You need to see what goes on between LA and NYC once in a while.  Many times.. many many..  call any Midwest estate attorney you like & ask.
A couple must have estate worth $10 mill or more to pay an estate tax upon death. Nope not me or anyone in my subdivision
So that makes the theft okay?
What a load of nonsense, but of course since Ted Cruz said it that's what you'd expect.
Raise my taxes, lower my premiums.
Is that why when people get old they put everything in their kids names? I don’t know anyone in the 1%
It is those left behind who the estate tax affects not the person leaving this earth
It’s extortion of US farmers..  payed tax when they bought it, paid tax on the grain made on it, on the property itself, and u want more..
Try again, this time with some facts instead of Fox News grade bullshit.
Try again?  Bernie believes land that was taxed when it was bought needs taxed again?  Why does the government deserve this tax? #Extortion
So, you didn't actually bother to read any of the facts. Got it. Not at all surprising.
So the government should be able to take what your family has bought and paid for at gun point?  Please explain why this is moral.
a) it's not at gun point quit the sensationalist rhetoric, b) we pay taxes to the government for all sorts of things
If taxes are so great, why don’t you just give all your $ to the government?
So, you're against paying taxes? Think you should get what the government provides for free? #freeloading
Would @SenSanders dare to tell the truth about #FederalReserve and #IncomeTax Acts of 1913 pyramid scheme during the #CNNDebateNight??
That is such BS! Bernie, go back to robbing banks with your wife
You owe three homes Bernie.........
#eldorme take some advice from a 20yr small bus. owner YES ON HR3282 don't ruin America's backbone TRUCKERS ATA represents 18%.I am 82%
#eldorme we truckers think SAFETY is Priority/TRAINING is the answer not undocumented eld @ $2billion taxpayer expense
you tellem bernie!
Unaffordable? These people are millionaires.
You aren't counting the dead people dick. Peeps save their whole lives, pay their fair share, and u steal it before their kids can enjoy it
American Royality should not pay tax. Only the selfs.
I figured removing Ted Cruz will get rid of an unfair burden on Americans 
How many Americans buy the products the 0.2% make? How many Americans make the products that the 0.2% buy? How many employed by the 0.2%?
That's a lie
No, it isn't.
I'm not in the top 0.2 and it definitely affected me. Soooo
Details schmetails.
What it will do is exacerbate The problem of the haves and have not’s. The rich will get richer and the poor get poorer. No middle class.
Yeah if only my wife and I were inheriting over $10,000,000 this would be an issue
Terrible trump and lying Ted love it. We don't.
Minor language point: consider wealthiest rather than top. Top implies wealth correlates to worth.
But ALL Americans aspire to be in the top 0.2% one day... And your policies would make it harder for them to achieve.
Q is not whom u r targetting. If taxes r fair or not.
People could esc some of tax by giving some assets away Before they die, not a high score you need to hold on to till the end, but greed.
And if your End is tomorrow..... come on.
Why does #TedCruz keep lying?
Because he's a #republican
That’s also true 
If @realDonaldTrump is going to stroke his ego running for 2020 already, YOU should hold debates too!  Build the base now!
In other words, if their numbers are small enough it's okay for the majority to whatever they want to them.
And you helped elect one of those 0.2%
primarying a bad candidate is not helping that bad candidate lose. that was all her. she shoulda campaigned in the midwest :/
#TaxationIsTheft
wouldn't be nice to pass on a legacy to your kids instead of to the govt.
#bankfraudbernie
Please stop lying! Middle & lower taxpayers have to pay too!
This is just a lie. The estate tax only kicks in on amounts over $5 million. Middle and lower income taxpayers don't have $5m estates
Remind @tedcruz that #JFK cut #tax rates that were 90% at that time‼︎ (ridiculously out-of-context quote)
That is 7 million people Bernie.
Think of all the folks in poverty in this country, its much larger than .2%. Maybe we should so something about that.
Ted Cruz is being an obnoxious asshole. Rattling on like Drumpf.
https://www.cbpp.org/sites/default/files/atoms/files/estatetaxmyths.pdf …
Ted Cruz, like most Republicans in congress, wants to protect the idle rich.
Right they keep their money
That’s #FakeNews
Yep applies on $5.5M of previously UNTAXED assets  real estate, stock etc., PS: Koch’s, Walton’s, DeVos, Mercers ALL inherited their money.
tell us where Bernie and his wife got $$$ & houses? The bum never worked a day in his life. Our taxes at work and he wants 3rd or 4th house!
Ted Cruz most Americans don't care about the Estate Tax because we will never have that much money.
Estate Tax is evil and the most unfair tax of all and must be eliminated
Why?
And anyone with a family farm with property that increased in value.
What kind of estate planning have you done @SenSanders?
Ted...
Ted is a joke. Vote him out.
It's not a death tax, it's a "Paris Hilton" tax, ' it's more than fair.
You're wrong you don't know what you're talking about the estate tax is simply this whoever inheritance from death pays taxes on it
As long as it’s nowhere near your hands I’m completely fine with them keeping THEIR money.
Bernie you're so talented. You can debate and tweet at the same time
Then why don't you vultures still thier money while they're still alive is it because you don't have the balls
Ted Cruz, that is nonsense!
