Socialism never works!
Why do you want to make Americans poor?
Why does Trump want to cut away everything that makes poor people have even the slightest quality of life?
When the first draft wants to gut billions of dollars in benefits and send it to the military I don't want to see the final draft
The governments only true responsibility is to keep us safe. Not make the populous dependent on them
Pouring billions into what's already the most bloated and unnecessarily large military on the planet is not protecting us
Sir, you KNOW he's moved that responsibility 2 the states! Pls do not join the ranks of #fakenews--lying for votes. You should stand 4 truth
Responsibility to the states with no funds behind it.
Not true! Also, it's the states problem. Why should Iowa pay for welfare in Cali or NYC? This goes to States Rights a la Federalist Papers
Because cali and NYC pay for the welfare of Iowa as well
You miss the point. STATES now are in control of their entitlements & forces them 2 deal w their problems vs pass them off 2 other states.
The UNITED States mean anything?  We are not 50 different countries  Work together for the betterment of all
Resource combined.
As someone who might move to a different state should be able to live a somewhat similar life
$ gets to people. Look at the foodstamps scandals that just broke. Bureaucrats. Welfare & housing scandals=bureaucrats. This is good 4 all
When an 18yr old w/ADHD can get disability because his welfare mother told him to not answer 1/2 the ?'s and SSA gives him $550 a mo!
So because one person scammed the system we have to do away with the whole thing? Conservative logic...
Really dude that was just one example! You got time send me your email I'll give all the examples of fuel assistance fraud you want!
Never mind that Obama already did cut Medicaid benefits to offset the costs of Obamacare.
Psssssst! He f+*king lied!
I get Medicaid and Medicare mixed up, but I know holy hell would be unleashed if they even touched Medicare
Hope holy hell is unleashed because they are trying to not only touch Medicaid but gut it. Shameful! They'll go after Medicare next.
Good thing they passed assisted suicide in Co. I am 69 and struggle paying for a supplement. Can't afford full coverage.
People will die if this budget passes.
Nothing new from th POS He doesn't readJust signs like a #IDIOT anything the #Deplorable @Gop put in front of him #RUSSIAGATE #Coverup4trump
@JennetteAmy Bernie doesn't read details either
If you propose the Erection of a statue of him, just saying
Could somebody explain to me why Republicans do hate poor people so much? And moreover, are proud of it & declare themselves "christians"!
This Republican Party is nothing more than terrorists. All they want to do is kill Americans and harm our way of life.
that is such a line of crap. I know Republicans who are doing & wiling to do 100x more for the poor then the lefty Dem mouths who scam ppl
Just look at Trumpcare. Takes healthcare away from millions and literally says screw em. So I can give a tax cut to the richest of the rich
its NOT healthcare, you don't buy healthcare you buy health Insurance. Healthcare is a service paid for my by ppl or Insurance they pay for
Perhaps he wants the lazy to work for a change. They cut it in my state just for that reason. Not sure how that's cruel. I'm poor even.
Look at the Maine approach to welfare medicine and other welfare.  They cut their load by a significant amount.
Not true..usual lies from the Progressive Left!
he clueless, memory serves me  he said Medicare NOT Medicaid.
Bernie, I think you lie. Decreasing the rate of increase isn't the same as cutting. Anyway, get the able-bodied without children OFF welfare
fascists don't have the empathy to know or care they're being cruel. They are addicted to sadism.
He promised a lot of things. All lies. He speaks with forked tongue.
Still hurt by being betrayed by the Dems and humiliated by the Reps. Don't go to the dark side. You have a good heart.
Insurance is a waste of monthly money. I rather pay money when I'm sick not when I'm healthy.
Then you don't understand insurance. Please stay off my roads.
Do u tell your students to get off your road when they don't understand a topic?
4petesSakes bernie... hes cutting GROWTH! Do u really want 2 make sure MORE people are forced on medicaid?
We heard that he will not touch Medicare, not Medicaid.  You may not be aware there is a difference.
He also promised to forward profits from foreign representatives using his properties to the US Treasury.  Just more BS from El Dump!
you lost the elections,LIVE with it.
Medicade is a joke. Rampant with fraud and abuse. I see it in my field everyday. I think charge 1$ for services instead of free would help
Rich pay fair share of SS like the rest of us. One problem solved.
They don't. There is a limit on eligible pay to be taxed.
With any luck this entire administration will go down.
Does anyone care that America is 20.1 Trillion dollars in debt? At some point we may need to get that under control.
Kick the world bank to the curb and that debt is gone. It's majority interest on currency only the Fed should be able to create. You owe no1
You seem to indicate that removing America from the world bank will have no negative consequences?
Don't remove America from the world bank. Remove the world bank from everywhere. It's nothing but a scam.
Also of course there will be negative consequences but in the long run it's the right move or 20 trillion will be 50 soon
OR we start living within our means. Let's stop running a budget deficit or canceling the debt means nothing.
But you are living within your means. You're being charged interest in your own fckn money the 20 trillion is mostly interest eh
Correct, I don't get to operate in a deficit, at least not for long. Feds shouldn't get to either. Eventually someone has to pay for it.
Bernie -- here would be my advice to the Democrats:
Trump is mad at people now is turning on them. Revenge He going to hurt us.....
Is his ignorance any better or worse than yours when you refuse to follow up on new clean energy sources, that goes for David as well drbob
DT+GOP have 0 SHAME-goals based on personal wealth,Econ,Commerce only NO concern Social Progs Vets,Kids,Disable,Seniors,Environm't,Sick,PPL
Bernie, Saving half of it would be done by just cutting the fraud. And we know many are commuting fraud.
considering medicaid either doesn't pay medical providers or only pays ~75%, i don't give two shits. make a functional system that helps
Excellent.  A very gradual decrease in benefits.  Gives plenty of free loads to man up and do what you have to not what you want to.
Republicans/Trump are for equality when it benefits the Rich, against equality when it helps the poor.
Try giving him some money from your three houses?
House and Senate Republicans are colluding with Trump to conceal Treason. Vote them out
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump Well what have you to say about the facts
your graph compounds a decrease in the % increase for the budget, rendering it completely false. It will still increase every year.
It wouldn't cut 1/2. we are dealing with decrease in % increase. Its budget still increases every one of these years.
If you had gone Indy/3rd and not endorsed Hillary then this would not have happened likely
STOP HIM NOW !!!!! Please !!!!! He put in practice now all his lies ! More to come :(
He has no heart
New phone who dis?
A budget is a moral document.
Cruel & thoughtless
Trump is the worst and nastiest president in history
Please share this, as this is not being reported by the news media.
He has proven time and time again to be a hypocrite.
Bernie your like the kid who enters the 100m dash, doesn't finish and still want a medal That "Bern" is your legs chafing
What about the "cruelty" of  "intermediary firms"? Those may be the reason, no?
You wanna take all of OUR money. That is just cruel
Trump doesn't know what's in the budget he's a cosigner of s@!t. A typical Republican budget, cuts to mid class + poor = gains to the rich
Lets keep spending and become Venezuela   ( they also claim to be Democratic Socialist)
And Obama could have brought in single payer when he had a majority and he didn't
IN THE NAME OF ALLAH,THE MOST GRACIOUS,THE MOST MERCIFUL
THE MESSAGE OF ISLAM
THE MUSLIMS BOOK HOLY QURAN
PEACE BE UPON YOU
WHOLE WORLD`S
can we just get Mexico to pick up the tab or the illegal aliens and their children on it?
GET TRUMP OUT. PAVE OVER THE SWAMP!
Stand up Bernie. We need you
You know what else is cruel? Taking something that doesn't belong to you by force and then saying it's for the good of others.
Boo onTrump. N
It is not a "cut."  You D.C. idiots just use that term to spark outrage.
He was just saying anything to get elected, you cannot believe anything he says.
If only you had spoken up against him instead of pledging to work with him. You selective outrage is wearing thin.
Ure Cruel! U want to keep ppl in chains! Go away!
You supported Obongo and all his broken campaign promises you hypocrite.
Qhere is FLYNN
Hpfully when his Base feels effect of cuts on themselves & those around them, they will see BigOrange 4 what he is: SwampDweller-in-Chief.
Why worry about it clearly obama care was a success and everyone has universal healthcare or did Obama not fix everything?
He's A LIAR 
And Trump talks about voter fraud, really a hoax perpetrated by Kris Kobach, rather than massive election fraud engineered by Kris Kobach.
Get over it , he is President!
Time to be a part of history. Help defend the Nation & stop those who only care about personal wealth over the cost of your health. #resist.
Trump getting his voters good!
Bernie promised during the campaign that he'd stay true to the Revolution. Then he voted for corrupt warmonger Hillary. That is just cruel.
You're welcome. Have a nice Trump Presidency. If Bernie had fought for the Revolution after Hillary's DNC stole it, you'd have Bernie.
Bernie Sanders still hasn't filed his financial disclosures, raising questions about his wealth
My point is all states will have to collect on your paychecks if they don't now. No federal $$$$
A politician that lies, go figure.  Y'all tell us Americans what we want to hear!!!
Seven U.S. states currently don't have an income tax: Al, Fl, NV, SD,  Tx, WA and WY, residents of NH & TN pay only on int & dividends
Wah wah... no more Russia conspiracies?
That's called responsible governing.
Obama did not balance the budget. Trump can make hard choices. USA needs a leader.
All.of my students depend on it in special education. That would mean no meds for mental illness and behavioral meds.
It must be comforting for King Trump to not give a damn about a huge portion of the country. Don't let that blueprint for catastrophe pass
Economics 101. Public goods are not suited to free markets. Either no one wants to fund them or they are prone to abusive price gouging.
Or many other kinds of abuses. Just take a look at our private prisons in states where that is legal.
and you promised to talk intelligently and you have not, that is just as cruel
@realDonaldTrump   @SenGaryPeters @SenStabenow @SpeakerRyan US pays  corporate welfare, but  allows our poor to suffer? we deserve better
Low income handouts have got to stop. They will keep going nothing
I think what's cruel is to punish ppl for staying healthy and imposing marriage tax.
I get in the grocery line and someone is wider than the cart and pull out thier link card. Maybe we need to cut the amount of food per month
Feeling lied to yet, #maga's?
Bernie, you guys should come up with a list of regions affected most.
#Corrupttrump #LiarInChief #resist #trumpbudget #TrumpCuts #TheResistance
You helped elect him by running for a party you're not a true member of. Go away. #ImStillWithHer
Under the definition of Discrimination , Why dont we get the same insurance the Government gets...That is Treason, AND more ...
That is an understatement.  He and his troupe are equivalent to the Cartoon Villains.  Life imitating art or art now imitating life?
Well if people are working why do they need so much Medicaid ?
They paychecks are so small, they can't even pay basic housing, utilities and food. We subsidize Walmart, McDonald's so they can underpay.
Let's hope we can solve this peaceably, through impeachment and elections. But the danger is growing.
Maybe we could reduce medicaid costs by getting people working and off of medicaid.  Then the budget can be reduced without hurting anyone.
You're such the hero how you are always so willing to give away other peoples' money
Bring the signs back. n2 the senate and fight this please! People & Repub in Senate need 2 see this from every person against it
@realDonaldTrump You promised NOT to gut #Medicaid--#TrumpBudget is an assault on the poorest amongst #US. #Resist
Despite Trump's promises, Republicans are at it again with their plan to cut Medicaid by $800 billion and take health care from millions. 
It would be a disaster.
That's president trump Bernard.
why don't you tell the truth he's not cutting just doesn't want to keep increasing it's funding!
has he seen this? he loves graphs n charts
Bernie clip-clops onto the Twitter bridge, & immediately the paid trolls emerge with the same old ad hominems, distortions, & lies.
#FUD #FakeNews
You have created a people who can not qualify for entrance into college or high paying jobs because gov. benefits are free & easy
You and people like U, who want to keep people tied to the apron string of the government & not teach them skills to succeed ARE the problem
you can't sustain continued rate of spending on these entitlement programs... Keep pandering to the poor with promises of free stuff.
Actually closing some tax loopholes would mean people have to pay the proper amounts for what they make, which help would balance the budget
I am all for eliminating all tax loopholes and going to a flat tax. To simplification of the tax code to make 3 levels. 9%, 18%, and 27%
9% for lower incomes, people making 200k or less and businesses employing less than 50 employees,
Well maybe we won't have to pay for illegals n Muslims
Wk. in medical. Cut the fraud and Medicaid will be fine! Horrific fraud. Many pts. sell the Rxs. they have filled. Share their ins. cards!
You wanted to cut waste and fraud. This is the 1st step.
Actually not only has 2020 begun (as Trump formally declared) but 1st Am is still In effect as is advocacy role of politicians red&blue
Our poor country..
He's given my severely mentally ill son the right 2 buy guns & now wants 2 cut his only lifeline 2 psych medications.  We have 2 stop this!
did you believe he wouldn’t?
Anyone that helped Trump get into WH knowing full well Republicans wanted to get rid of ACA and feed the rich needs quit whining
Medicaid is rife with fraud that needs to be removed.
U do know it's the states that fund Medicaid? Not the federal government
Saving Private Ryan will starve the Baby Boomers.
President Trump.
Most presidents are the same, the previous was a camouflaged bullshitter and this is an outright bullshitter
Wish you had a solution other than slavery
Less money for illegals  to have and you Muslim friends and 21 wife's to have
No its the built in inflation you crooks put in the budget
Let's make it so retires and the ill can't afford health care, this out of Hitler's playbook
How about we cut the number of people in gvmt and let's talk about 6 billion missing HUD money
Those alone will make up for it. AND Medicaid should ban using ER visits for hangnails
If more people had access to Medicaid there would be less er visits then they could actually see a doctor
They use the ER for hangnails I work in the industry
I will be out of pain!  Trump needs to have his back broken just like mine and not be able to walk anymore and see how it feels!
Sorry to say it @SenSanders but how else do we balance the budget?  There is no such thing as #unicorns. We have to reign in the waste!
Yeah, I have NEVER applied for this help, but I need it now for surgery and guess what?  I will kill myself if I don't get help, at least
Yiu can't cut what's not there.. this is based only on projections.. not actual.  It would slow growth by 50 percent, not actual spending
A real Government would never have allowed either one of the ratchet Ppl they threw in front of us, to be a nominee. .#ourGov
So when Can the ppl of this country say enough is enough of this BS.. AliarBusinessMan Got in Because OurGov is, A liar corpMachine ..
It is horrible
that's great news Bernie!
Told you he plans on being pres longer than 8 years
SHUT UP AND STOP WASTING MONEY ON THE INVESTIGATION,PASS TRUMPS TRAVEL BAN NOW
Promises?  those weren't promises, they were talking points - the only thing he is capable of speaking.
Bernie what is cruel is taking money from hard working people and giving it to people who don't want to wo9
I understand we don't want to cut Medicaid. No one wants to do that. But where is the money going to come from to pay for it.
Need to get rid of corrupt medicaid. Too many people use it instead of working
I am bipolar and was told by my doc that if I ever went off meds I'd become suicidal. If I lose Medicaid, that theory may be tested
Cause we believe he's ever told the truth??  Just another lying politician
"I'm the only republican up here who isn't going to touch Social Security ans Medicaid" and he calls Hillary a Liar?? 
Say, Bernie, if you ask me for a dollar but I don't give it to you, did I take a dollar from you? Careful: this is a trick question.
#fakebullsitfrombernie #fakenews #fearmongering
Stop Trump!
#DJT wouldn't know the truth if it jumped up and grabbed his @FLOTUS PUSSY.
Speechless...
Looks like Trump is not gonna finish his first term it shall be Impeach and perish
Trump was voted in to reverse the wild Obama/Dems spending. Yes some lib pet programs will be effected. Live with it.
Only to illegal immigrants and abusers of the system
The real pain will hit once that con man is out of office, then the spin machine will blame the next round of scapegoats for GOP betrayals..
stop spreading fake news!
With the jobs he is creating Americans will be able to get off government assistance. In turn the budget for Medicaid will be lower.
Did I miss something? Is this not proposed versus approved. Do your job and do what politicians do, negotiate and compromise.
Certainly people in need can just find better jobs and work more <insert rolleyes>
Your lying Bernie, like socialist and democrats have lied for years, no cuts, just slowing down the increase in spending. Propagandist POS.
And you and your Democrat colleagues help him doing this by constantly bashing him and giving GOP leverage on him. YOU are part of this.
Bernie's a dangerous fraud who never earned a nickle working.
Trump* lol do you even know the guy's backstory? Never earned a penny of the money he flaunts around so arrogantly
Yes Ma'am I do
 you got me man, very articulate response. I'll leave you to your cognitive dissonance, sweetie 
@SenSanders, you know better.  This simply reduces the EXPANSION of Medicaid that Obama quietly added to cover failed obamacare. #USAbudget
He is a liar , u seniors that voted for him, u feeling good about ol' Trump these days, u getting all those wins he promised ?
Will you visit your wife once she's in jail??
#ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow
Bernie, Bernie, had you tried solving the safety net problem all your yrs in congress instead of constant handouts we would be good today.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT BERNIE
Please, use your Bernie magic to inform #GOPBase. They truly don't believe @POTUS proposal. @GOP supporting parents said, "Don't believe it"
@SenateDems @GOP @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump @maddow  GOP/TRUMP: SHAME ON U 4 6YR OBSTRUCTION & NERVE 2 PRIOOSE THIS BS! MANUP
AS VIETNAM VET, UR GOP CONGRESS IS D WORST IN MY LIFETIME w/14 PCT APVL!
Do your job.  Keep calling him out.  Get your senators to beat this budget down
Medicaid is the responsibility of each state if they choose to participate.
Healthy people need to work for benefits, expanding it was wrong. No motivation to contribute when everything is given to you.
It's pathetic what he is trying to do. His big mouth is worthless more now then during his campaign.
