Stop with the sideshows Bernie. This debate should be had in congress, at townhalls, with constituents & colleagues, not on GD cnn.
Tell the GOP that. They A. Aren't holding town halls & B. Are trying to rush this thru w/o debate.
CNN is not a debate, it's a news hour. Real work is being done on phones, changing minds, working on Rs who might be swayed. Not on cnn.
Um. You can do both, dude. Why do so many Dems think activists can only do one thing at a time?
Watching a debate is not doing anything. Seriously. Call your Rep.
My Rep wouldn't have been in the office last night while the debate was on. Good Lord.
You know you can leave a message. Then they come into the office, the staffer sees the message box full or hears your message. Come on.
A. What makes you think I haven't already called? B. My reps are all idiot Repubs, so my calls fall on deaf ears anyway. I'm not Big Pharma.
Roasted! Keep it up Bernie!
Make sure to call your Representatives today! (202) 224-3121 tell them to vote a hard NO on #GrahamCassidy!
We trust Bernie
Trust is not enough, you have to call your Representative and tell them to vote NO on Graham Casiddy! (202) 224-3121
I’m calling to say defeat bill as Bernie says
Feel the Bern!
Call your Representative today! (202) 224-3121 Let them know how you feel!
Inm
.zzzy
You
A
Thank you GOP senators put their thumbs down on this trashy bill. Trump is such a loser
One sided poll!
Oh well
The latest poll shows communism does not work...yet idiots like the dems want the US to be an exclave of the USSR?
Health care is a universal international human right. We should demand nothing less from our governments and international organizations.
Why did Graham look like a child in time out? #HealthCareDebate
If public opinion mattered we'd already have Medicare for all single payer with prescription price negotiations.
And probably @SenSanders  as president.
no probably about that one. Thats just a simple fact.
that more than ever supported BHO care

Trump will implode into his own mean heart
Sone one wants a drink, and it isn't Bernie.
Love you Bernie

Ooh, that's harsh. Good one!
Merci -- harsh but true  (my personal taking a knee to show my extreme disgust.  (fatal heart attack would work too: parades everywhere!
Less than that thought you were a good guy
Love you Bernie
Monday night's debate underscores Y Medicare-for-All can serve as a pathway to a 2018 Democratic landslide.
what are they supporting? they are reserving deck chairs on the Titanic
where is your bill blow hard

Please Bernie and Nina, help your brothers and sisters in Puerto Rico
What's the latest poll on Obama Care??
#FeelTheBern

Too bad the numbers of desperate poor are growing enough that we’ll have to try your “ideas” that have failed every time

Support the full repeal of Obamacare, go to a free market solution. NOT a soloist solution, full repeal of ACA
Whos poll yours? I want a recount.
I say go back to pre Obamacareless and start from scratch
BE QUIET BERINE. Satan is NOT GOD. Pray save your soul. There are few atheist, when it comes to their last breath. Wasted life.
go be president of North Korea, for the crap you are selling innocent youth. You may win there.

#PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief SEND WATER @Aquafina @dasaniwater @PolandSpringWtr @NestleUSA @ArrowheadWater
#HealthCareDebate #theresistance 
20% of Americans support #GrahamCassidy, but @SenateGOP will still push it.
Why?
Votes are the fuel, but corporate money is the gas pump.
Man y'all need to watch out letting @LindseyGrahamSC in the zone like that.  You looked shook.
NO HEALTHCARE IS GENOCIDE!
Hahahaha, Graham looks so disappointed and embarrassed.
Missed a good chance Bernie when asked why ACA is failing by Graham. President withholding payments and Obama is in front of it, mostly!
That's a greater percentage than those choosing planned parenthood.
thank you, sir
Great debate, Bernie!
What percentage actually know what the bill says??
The latest poll has 80 percent support for Bernie Sanders to STF #HealthcareDebate
So 80% support #MedicareForAll ?
People understand Health above money & politics. It's very simple for them.
Graham's like "20%!, I thought it was more like 12% dang we're doing pretty good!"
Should be single digits. Wake up America!
Says Sanders is honest but dismisses Sanders numbers & then says he doesn't want "200 friends" in Medicare with him. No logic & selfish.
Graham displays a lack of self awareness & his selfishness is only equalled by his willful ignorance in not recognizing Sanders' $ honesty.
And yet they persist. Sad.
Is @LindseyGrahamSC on Medicare? Was his mother? Serious question...
Lololol.... his face at the end @shilinz
EXACTLY!  He's too busy making remarks about sports players.  Shows EXACTLY how much he cares for the average American, doesnt it!
Trump is standing up for and protecting Confederate ideals. No one told him the people who tried to destroy the US lost that war.
Bernie I love you
Yeah, but the Kochs gave us a hundred million dollars to do this, and money talks.
I love you Bernie, thank you!
Markowski of Maine did the right thing I'm not sure about the Alaskan governor or if they promised to build them another bridge to nowhere
Boomshakalaka!
So Donnie what do you want to try next maybe to prove the earth is flat??
That's private insurers, Big Pharma, and random sadists.
But they certainly can't buy John McCain can they!
and I knew it I knew it I knew it I knew it thank you Senator McCain
give em hell Bernie!
We only have 20% support but they have enough GOP votes with all the promises of fortune going to individual states to buy the senators vote
So all of a sudden you want to put national issues to a popular vote? Are you sure about that?
@SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr are you listening to this? We do NOT support Graham-Cassidy travesty.
Let's bring on some folks that can't afford bamacare. Premium hikes, deductible hikes. Just keep lying to the uninformed.
Is Graham-Cassidy a collaborative album from the late sixties?
Or just two old political douche bags talking? 2/2
Gov must link huge profit$ insurers alreadyget frm Medicaid/Medicare 2 participation in Obamacare #HealthCareDebate
Way2 pay4 #Medicare4All: put Obamacare staff in all 1200SSA offices & work 2shifts not 1/day http://whitecollargreenspace.blogspot.com   & it cuts pollution50%
I have yet to see journalist ask GOP why they sabotaged Obamacare by killing "risk corridors" last year.  That's why premiums exploded
He looks away, can't make eye contact with the camera. Sad, cause I like a bit of eye contact when I'm getting completely fucked
Killing Medicaid will also hurt insurance companies because they make good profits administering Medicaid in most states. #HealthCareDebate

Don't care for Sanders that much, but, this is true.
Bernie when are you going to ship out to Venezuela
Aca has helped..explain why insurances bailed because of uncertain of what this administration is doing! Ask
Think of that - 80% of the voting populous don't want this and they are pushing it through, over and over.
$800B in Medicaid cuts hurts America's National Security
It reduces our ability to respond to epidemics or biochem attacks
#HealthCareDebate
Don't you get it Bernie?! The @gop don't care what the country feels or wants. It's all about their bank accounts! Not US!
Bernie does get it. He's not one of the Democrats saying we need a bipartisan bill
He looks so dejected lmao
bernie gif game on 
Graham has no answer. Starting to choke on his own lies perhaps??
Graham-Cassidy Healthcare Bill is unacceptable to the American people..ACA shouldn't be ended, but Amended!
How's the bank fraud investigation going Bernie? And have u started paying your fair share of taxes yet? TERM LIMITS
That's a question for trump.
Medicaid for all. Single payer system. Big insurers can compete for 5-7 yr contract for admin services.
So only double the % of support for you and the senate 
Sweeping legislation with all this controversy in WH bad too. Donald managed a tweet!
Sabotage the system, then proclaim that the system isn't working...but they can't quite keep a strIght face.
Get em Bernie!
That's still 19% more than you....
Thank you B. sanders you continually keep up the fight for healthcare & the  fight against racism; you make this a great country
Ask how giving money to a state lowers my private insurance cost through Kaiser
Remaining 80% are against.

Who the hell is in that audience?? Graham & Cassidy's family members?? Bernie's speaks--*QUIET.*... Graham & Dummy speak...applause. WTF??
bc those ppl were listening, not just clapping based on an (R) or a (D) next to the name. u shld try it
No wonder they look so mad on stage
throw it out and move it.  Sick of this
@DEAHQ unlicensed at decision to issue clean needles not licensed or real diagnosis of diabetes @US_FDA ! Outrageous. Scams needles CTA©®™
@ChicagosMayor u got accidents low blood sugar or arrest heroine addicts ! Either way issues. ©®™ Didn't eat pass out too
wow, a 'whopping' 20%! And this is after every goper did their best to sabotage ACA, just so they could repeat over and over 'it's "failing"
fuck em up bern
I'm just gonna leave this here...
And think... they both claim to be doctors!
I didn’t go to 4 extra years of Evil School to be called Mr. Evil!
Political Reps are elected 2 help the people!Not just Tax Cuts 4 rich!&Catering 2 Corps 4 kick backs $&Campaign funds!Hello Reality 102!
Crazy that you are tweeting your nonsense while live on @FFN @CNN. Oh wait it's not really you its one of your faithful minions.
Looking around like a lost chipmunk! GET'EM MR. SANDERS!
and 90 per cent think socialism/ communism sucks
And the 20% who support don't realize the passage of #GrahamCassidy will have a direct impact on their coverage.
Polls polls polls!!! Haven't been right in two years!!
How does Bernie tweet while on stage
usually alot of senators will have an aid or staffer to help with press prep and social media management
this gif is savage
He looks so sheepish.
Bernie you talking about the CBS poll that was conducted with only 1,202 people in a single city? That my boy is not 20% of all Americans
#repealnotreplace
GRAHAM LISTEN 2 THE MAJORITY THEY HAVE CHANGED THEIR MINDS BOUT HEALTHCARE SINCE U GOT VOTED IN 2 REPEAL IT!
I can't just stand to have health care named after @BarackObama bc I'm racist. I don't know how to get better. Maybe the #ACA can help me?
And that is still more popular than seeing Donald Trump without his makeup.
Graham-Cassidy felt the bern.
Health Care should be a basic human right. A right that should be added to our U.S. Constitutional rights. #healthcaredebate
I'm surprised this douche document has even 20%.

Better than 2% for socialism
And they thought they'd be able to just push it through? They forgot that they'd have to get through the Bern to make that happen.
And half of that didn't understand the question.
Graham is a hog for space. Move aside and let Bernie speak.
That seems high!
And that 20% probably cannot comprehend what Graham Cassidy will take from them
Aca not failing.  Say so.
Let those 20% have it, then!  I want my ACA.
When are we getting a vote on single payer? You’ve had it drafted for decades.
Way to keep a cool head, Bernie! 
In your dreams.
"Bernie is the most honest person in the Senate." - Lindsay Graham
Follow our page if you support the full legalization of #Marijuana in the USA! #LegalizeIt #LegalizeKansas
10 months left over here.
https://www.canada.ca/en/services/health/campaigns/legalizing-strictly-regulating-cannabis-facts.html …
@TwitterSupport , Guess limiting numerical characters will only go so far. Perhaps monitoring RTs 4twitter accounts just recently restricted
