Why do you have so many Trump haters on your news??? OH! I forgot because you hate POTUS!
Our disdain for Trump comes of concern for the future of the country. Pathological liars don't make good leaders
That is your opinion, thank goodness this is American and others are allowed to have a different opinion.
Actually, it's not a matter of opinion that Trump lies frequently. This is easily verifiable : google > Trump Fact Check
And google is known for being upfront, fair and honest......sigh
If you really were in search of the truth you'd put forth more effort into searching for it.
Choose whatever search engine you prefer
I found the truth and believe Trump can do more than anyone else for this country, he didn't promise me I could keep my Doctor and my plan!
Trump's record with the 'truth' would refute that argument if you were willing to get out of your comfort zone and look for yourself.
Still not forgiven Bernie for his bashing of Hilary, he should have been with her. 16% Of Bernie supporters voted for Trump. Dems organize.
She cheated him
Who cares!
One nation under God “indivisible”.  Under one American flag.
Its the Dem effect know one really knows whats wrong with them there confused. There Dems  Humor them and hope they go away.
You need to stop trying to divide the Democratic Party. Don't join the party to run, then bail. Start your own party. @HillaryClinton
Oh sure.  Blame everybody else!!!
All you Democrats are alike! You never want to hear the truth!
Others?
Who are these others you speak of, Senator? Are you talking about TRUE Dems? #TheResistance ?
Or your whining BernieBros??

This guy is a socialist nut!  Are you kidding me?  He should not even be a factor... who wants a socialist country and mega government?
Whhhhhaaat?
Division?  Like identity politics? Like class warfare? Is that what you're refering to?
Says the socialist himself. Go to Venezuela if you want socialism


but Bernie, I've been getting a ton of flack from your supporters, who say I'm not a real Democrat because I backed Clinton.
Easily said when his lame followers allowed Trump to win! Eat sh1t Berners! #Lame


Nice way to cut/divide that soundbite with a knife, Bernice.




@SenSanders we stamped out Socialism in WWII and here you are trying to bring it to our country! You are the party of hate and dictators!!!
i see President Trump trying to bring people together. The liberals are causing the chaos and division all over USA!
show respect he is President Trump not just Trump! Thank you
Division has do with government control Fill out an application for just about anything They all want to know your ethnicity! Stop profiling
How would you suggest he bring the Country together?


Each time I see this clip I see little man big voice of division, such a suck. Why would anyone listen?
My mom always said its the  money. How do get it Bernie?
Bernie Sanders is a prominent part of division in the country.his constant objection to everything is political hacker play.
Trump didn't divide shit. BLM and Antifa are to blame for that.
Who is dividing you Bernie!
If it's not your way does not necessarily indicate division.
<3
Bernie Sanders appears to be one of the lone voices of reason and courage amidst the dark cloud threatening to envelope our nation.
He says...divisively, of course.
Yes I'm on your side Trump is separate us like you said were not one whole state
brought about by Obama , # wake up
We need a leader who can heal our nation. We need a leader who refuses talk of 'the other side'. We need a leader who is for all of us. Who?
Thanks
Talk to your supporters Bernie, let's have the conversation...
. Americans would vote for prevention of these disasters instead of building walls:
.Hi Bernie, 
We would be so much safer and hopeful if you were in the WH right now.
No Bernie the Trump haters are dividing this country& junk rhetoric, and no condemnation of the left violent groups from the likes of you!
Hey Bernie, did BLM ever give you your mic back?
Bernie why does you state have so many blacks locked up? They are 1.2% and make up 11% of your inmates!
This guy really cares about the people , so much so he sold his election campaign to Hillary for a $600k summer home.
Mr. Trump is a man like no one I have ever seen before and hope not to see again he is a bigot he does not care about the little guys
Look how well this nation comes together, when there's a crisis. Why can't we do this ALL the time?? ILY!!
HAHA I am so happy Hillary cheated you out of the nomination . You would have become the next Hitler he did this same stuff.
Bernie is trying his best to get the middle income status back---Go Bernie 
In other words you mean YOU!
speak of division - yet the ones creating division is blaming others. Yes, this country is divided ;humanitarians & blow hards @SenSanders
Liar old fart
You've got some nerve, Senator. The Democratic Party is creating the division. You've come a long way since JFK... in the wrong direction.
I agree.USAF  vet
The burn is a basket case and your anti-American news is as bad!
Political hack!
Uh. The only people bringing about divisions are the babies that can't support the GODDAMN PRESIDENT and you media fucks
Libtard logic
This man is I'll very sick and don't need to be on any news.
We need to stop the division that your party promotes. As a former independent, I can tell you I will never vote for another Democrat again.
Robot Trump Supporter...
He should practice what he preaches.  Total hypocrite. Sad to call him an american
Robot Trump Supporter...
DEMAND a concise, written personal philosophy of life from Trump (he can't write it, but others will do it for him), to expose hypocrisy
One nation with 1/3rd of the population is racist
Lol! Biggest divider of all!
Bernie Sanders could politicize a bowel movement.
Look how Fucking red he is, and what does the hurricane have to do with trump?
Pelosi took 3 days to condemn Antifa. What about u? Do u disavow the violence carried city to city by Antifa? Your silence is deafening.
Trump ashamed of whites helping Mexicans and blacks.
This ideot needs to pack up and move to China and take Hillary Clinton with him.
- go Bernie GO!
Bernie was a sellout. And to think he would've got my vote smh
Trump isn't bringing about divisions.  It is the liberals like you!
This dude though lol. His whole campaign was about divisions lol
Stop spreading your communist lies! You're such a liar!
The 'journalists' are shaking their heads in agreement as if they have no part in divisiveness. Clueless.
A man can't create division, people choose to divide all by themselves.  He is just doing what we elected him to do.
If the scientists are right, & global warming wrecks weather havoc, there will be divisions in the nation and in the world we cannot imagine
Don't look now Bernie but it is the Dems that are creating division  - you know, the ones that cheated you out of the primaries
You are the one bringing on the divisions. POTUS is try to unite the USA. Make it great or get out of the way.
Retire please.
AMEN BERNIE. WAY TO GO!!!
Why is his face so freakin red all the time?
Did anyone tell him to exit the stage?
Believe Russia could be speaking against Bernie again.  Check it out
its getting harder for this old  man to see his views will divide americans same way
Obama did that. Were you bought a new ocean don't homes to spread this shit. Then that was not enough, wifey stole money. Save you breath.
You lack sufficient written English skills to engage anyone but yourself.... and apparently, me.... sorry, I couldn't help myself.
Sorry Eric. I have what us called chemo brain. Being infused with killer chemicals. Yes killed my stage 4 . It killed many other things. Fu
#TermLimits
Shut up Sanders, if it was up to you and your kind, I'd be standing in line for a couple of tampons and toilet paper, go sniff killarys seat
Meanwhile, 2 hours later Bernie couldn't not resist politicizing Harvey.
YOUR party DIVIDED THIS COUNTRY YOUR HERO DID THIS..WE WERE UNITED UNDER PRESIDENT BUSH 2,UR HERO RUINED IT FOR 8 YRS
Division? Politicians live on dividing #TexasFlood and #Texans have shown the divide is not what you make it out to be. United We Stand..
#BernieSanders talks with a fork tongue. The same conversation he is pointing the finger. How about bringing peace at this time.
#Sellout @SenSanders ur a #loser WE r WINNING Denounce Antifa/BLM Publicly then U can speak abt DIVISION U created/colluding w #TheClintons
Bernie Sanders a deep Deep state player
See the man in the mirror, adjust to debate; sharing experience of the leadership accorded.
I hope your against abortion. Because it would be hypocritical to be pro choice and against racism.  Disproportionate number of black babies
@SenSanders Hypocrite.  Lier. Its your people dividing our Country. Rioting is against the Law.
I love Bernie!!!!!
Funny cause last I checked Marxist, Socialist like yourself are the problem, not red blooded Americans that believe in the American way.
CLEAN THE trumps SWAMP OF ALL!! 
START FRESH....UNITED!!!
False. The division is brought on by people like you, Obama and Hillary.  Tired of your race baiting.
How bernie divides  there he goes again
We won't have to worry for long. Great reporting job. Get the word out. #ImpeachTrumpNow
If y'all would stop there would be no division
Mr Sanders, USA does not deserve you (that s a shame). Strongest country turns out to be one the stupidest too. Sad conclusion
Red Rooster.
Tell the truth then. That's a start
Is Bernie a liar, suffering from dementia, or just plain evil? Pres. Trump didn't cause this division. Resist movement, BLM, Antifa did it.
The Jew,  Sanders should look into a mirror, before he says something stupid like that.
Divisions? Have you denounced ANTIFA yet? You are causing the divisions. Socialism works great, just look at Venezuela.
He says to the MSM as he continues to divide. What a jack hole.
Meaning i agree with Bernie what is this USA coming too?
I could not AGREE more.
Robot Trump Supporter...
Honorable sanders, we have to eliminate every santanic evils that causes divion.
Robot trump supported
Bernie should shut his mouth as much as the trump supporters he withheld his support even when it was evident he couldn't win.
Robot trump supported
Should have said this about Obama long ago!  Mose divisive President ever & did nothing to actually help minorities.
Robot
Bernie you say Latino, Asian American...then you say White & Black...why do you continue to divide humans by a color
AFTER ONE WEEK THE LEFT ARE STARTING AGAIN WITH THE BIG LIE.?????
I wish that we had your wisdom guiding this country. 
 #WisdomInTheWhitehouse2020


The only way this Nation will ever have a chance of that ever happening is by first removing the main problem that exist, Trump & company.
Brain dead Bernie!!!!
But your type of division is okay? #hypocrite
Says the master of dividing people with identity politics. The communist who used capitalism to line his pockets with campaign donations.
Isn't that division too
Trump is not dividing the country, we have the fake media and out of touch politicians like @SenSanders for that.
please take note of your own statement, bernie
Retire Bernie Retire, Retire, Retire u will never have the stamina that Trump has!!!
Report what's true CBS u and the other bullshit medias r dividing the country not Trump u hateful people!!!
You need to back off and let President Trump do his job!
Looks like he can t do his job. A part from selling caps and crazy statements. Come on man... where is your heart ?
go away bernie.. u mean the divisions where some of ur supporters helped elect trump or booed hillary at the convention>?
It's people like you who are causing the division in our country, Bernie Sanders! You need to stop and think about what you're doing!
Division must be stopped
But O don't buy it's  a "Trump" thing
We're has Bernie been past several years Especially.
Robot Trump Supporter...
If you really read my tweet i am not a Trump supporter anything but
put your money in infrastructure not in the army! Texas Catastrophe comes back! Fight against climate change!
Stop giving Bernie a platform plus take off the gloves to grill him on financial dealings & his past.
#BernieWouldHaveWon
.Why isn't media asking Bernie about DNC lawsuit? What say you Bernie?  
DNC Fraud Lawsuit: Shocking Conclusion and Fallout https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3Po36HK2bw&feature=share …



You are the cause of division Sanders. It's time for you to shut your mouth.
You and the libs are the dividers. Think real hard why you ran against HRC. Get over it and move on.
If you are against divisions, why don't you stand by our president? Why do you have special health care? Why isn't Obamacare good enough 4u?
Viejo COMUNISTA! COMMUNIST OLD FART! VECCHIO COMUNISTI

Get trump out
Me Sanders to solve your problem you should join our president.Why you should not have Obama care?
Barney u and the left socialist are bringing divisions in this country. POTUS is doing fine. I hope the socialist left will see u as Notze
Donald Trump has single-handedly ripped the scab off the festering sore known as the Republican party
That statement is divisive
Change Headline: Sanders says the DNC and MSM have got to  stop the divisions in America.
We are one people and we stand together as one nation in our finest moments
A good look at yourselves to see why. The very fact you're always blaming Trump for EVERYTHING shows how jealous you are of Trump and family
Like the un Democratic evil vile ones did. Like you did when you endorsed a criminal and criminal system..Denounce the un Democratic party
Left or Right ...  We are the UNITED States of American and will stand together and lift our brothers and sisters up through this disaster.
Others? That would clearly be you Sen Sanders and the media...
Trump keeps asking everyone to come together, FAKE NEWS
Here we are in 21st century listening to a socialist cooke
you bernie and your fellow elite democrats and media are causing this division
How can even an imbecile be this stupid?
Does Bernie still support Antifa? He must since he hasn't condemned them.
It's the media doing it....
You actually said it is too early for the President to go to Texas?  Your opinion is irrevelant..how about you do your job to make laws?
Sorry but the division is planned, perpetrate, and executed by the mainstream media in collusion with the #Democrat Party.
Playing the blame game while you keep Class warfare alive. TERM LIMITS BERNIE !!!
If you are ashamed of me in this sinful world, I too would be ashamed of you in my kingdom, so says the Lord.
Diviciveness?  Try supporting our President @BernieSanders
It's you, SCHUMER, the black caucus and the left wing activists, and the liberal media who lead the students who drink the leftist koolaid.
Never mind that we're now seeing the result of 8 years of Barack's agitate and divide agenda
Bernie and the Dems are the cause of all the hate and division in this country.
This man is delirious! Leave Trump out & maybe u have a point. Otherwise change ur diaper and go home commie!
Wtf it's the loony left dividing us.. not President Trump
Divisions were widened by OBama more than any president in history.
