BREAKING NEWS: Trump administration announces it will wind down program protecting young immigrants from deportation.
Not only are we potentially destroying their lives, we're creating a new generation that hates the United States.
Sorry, their parents did that not us.
They destroyed their lives by bringing them to a county to try to give them a better life? Makes sense!
Yes, when they brought them into a country illegally. LAW
So we should also punish them for something their parents made them do against their will? We should throw foster kids in jail too?
I worked with American foster children. That's who I'm supporting. Not ppl here illegally stealing from them.
So you agree then, let's put them in jail because their parents did something illegal.
They can leave on their own accord or get arrested for breaking American immigration laws.
B better informed because that is not what DACA is
Kids were brought by their parents at no fault of their own.  Google compassion
And what's the problem with sending them back? Don't these "kids" have relatives in their native country?
Relatives they have never meet? .. u mean strangers .... wtf
I am pretty sure they have aunts and uncles there. The same ones they wired money to while residing illegally in the USA
Do I tell u how to spend ur money?
It's not xenophobia when they,illegal immigrants , break the law it's called Criminality. Should be addressed in that fashion.
They aren't criminals.They committed no crime.They were brought without knowledge, giving no consent. Their parent's crimes are not theirs.
You'd think these conservative Christians would remember that bit about “sins of the father”…
Ms. Foster errors of the parents ; they should have applied for citizenship. The laws of the land are that. We live by them or chaos.
And they were CHILDREN when they were brought across the border. Who in their right mind expects a child to apply for citizenship?
Who in their right mind would do that knowing their children would have an uncertain future?
Desperate parents who know their children are better off in the United States than their country of origin.
If they are so desperate, there are legal ways to enter this country. Or are you unaware of them?


Wrong again bernie
How is enforcing immigration law bigoted?  I'll wait.
What will u do sanders.  I voted for u .. let me c what my vote stands for
America is strongest when we obey law and have borders.
Do YOUR job!!! This wouldn't be an issue if Congress wouldn't skate around big issues!!! Why are you still in office? We need term limits!
Not the President. Nor can the President issue an EO that violates a law. Congress is the Legislative Branch, which makes the laws. The
Civics and Law 101.
Ending #DACA does not #MAGA. It makes America worse by deporting almost a million people who have been working here all their working lives.
Explain your position.  Just don't pretend it is self evident.  How are we stronger with a low IQ population?
How ?
If you don't act in 6 months you have no one to blame but your negative, obstructionist selves!
But...they are illegal.  Do you even know what that word means?
So basically following the rule of Law makes Trump a bigot??   I'm confused. I didn't know we could pick and choose which laws to follow.
Good people must not remain silent in the face of racism and xenophobia. #SaveDACA
Unfortunately for you, it is neither, it is keeping the Oath of office and the Constitution.
Don't let Trump Make America White Again.   Say no to ethnic cleansing.
There's no economic benefit to ending it #DACA this is just a case of undoing everything Obama has done.
We need to undo much of what the racist, criminal minded #Obama did while in office, dividing our nation & try to blame Trump 4 all of it?
Bernie your senility is showing again
Shutting down an executive order that is contrary to law passed by Congress is not bigotry.  Congress needs to get its act in gear on DACA.
Pres. Obama should have codified #DACA into law. Presidents can't create new law only Congress can.

Contact .@LindseyGrahamSC 202-224-5972 let him know #NoAmnesty #NoDreamAct #NoDreamAct2017 
You have over 50 dead and 400 injured in a single day by a single American tho... may they RIP. This is a trashy one sided post.
I think this decision was made w/o Trump, which is even more scary...POWER of Establishment is out of control Bernie! #StillSanders #DACA
Sanders supporters are like Trump supporters, loyalty is to candidate at the expense of everything else. Extremists disguised as progressive
You are so scary. Blocked.
@realDonaldTrump @JulianAssange @wikileaks The #DNC scares the shit out of me. Nothing to do w/ Diversity. #SethRich

We must reject women who steal $10 million from universities and bankrupt them.
Jane Sanders did not do that. The Catholic church supports her as do people who worked with/for her. She stole ZERO. Do your homework.
Stop talking
Please stop tweeting me.
This post is 12 days old. Typical Sanders supporter.. can't understand twitter so god knows basic economics is too difficult to understand
#JewsForTrump

#RetardsForBernie
Trump is following the Constitution. DACA, like DAPA is UNCONSTITUTIONAL because it violates the "take care" clause. Congress makes laws,
Congress is "supposed" to be the people's voice.  You SIR d/n speak for US Citizens you've neglected, you speak for #IllegalAliens #resign
You're the bigot.
Help the future. They are here to stay!
Only the good ones, the rest and parents can go home
For most people this is home. Sometimes one leaves where they are from to better themselves. Clearly where they are from it's not cutting it
Where are they going to deport them to? Will the countries they were born in, accept them?
Yes, or we sanction the hell out of Mexico
Republicans will never reject Trump's bigotry...
Those who don't have the Got to stand by 45 bigotry is b/c they share his values.
Try doing what is ethically, morally and legally correct, like following the Constitution and legality passed laws. DACA is unconstitutional
History the frt black US Pres gave everybody chance of success regardless their class then Neo Nazis US Pres ended everything on many sides
Legal Status. CIVICS AND LAW 101.
Get trump out before he kills us
Get Trump out why?  Because he is making congress do their job?
He is don't you watch the news  Trump is doing it the right way not the sneaky way like Mr O
Not your issue. Not a citizen.
Lots of those "innocent" children are murders rapists and thieves
Read the news idiot, plenty of examples of illegals committing horrific crimes on US citizens
How about you grow a spine and quit selling your country out
It's all your fault!
Because he elevated Trump? Because he meddled in the primary? He has friends (and donors) in MSM? He made HRH scream @ Greenpeace?...
We need to protect our own. You just use them for votes
Its not bigotry but LAW.Do your homework.

Contact .@LindseyGrahamSC 202-224-5972 let him know #NoAmnesty #NoDreamAct #NoDreamAct2017 
Shocking and terrible - WE ARE ALL IMMIGRANTS
We also have these things called Laws, illegal immigrant does not equal legal immigrant ever!
Shameful TrumpAmerica the beautiful or less?Its mean to snatch the dreams of dreamers. Many of these kids don't know any home except US!
So let the kids stay, but the parents got to go
President is the head of the Executive Branch, which does what? Executes the laws passed by who? That's right, Congress. The Judicial Branch
This would be the worst mistake to end this program. Too incredibly cruel to speak of
Cruel? What's cruel is the genuine people coming to America who can't because of these illegal queue jumpers
Because I'm sure looking back on it now they would've chose that option if it had been given at the time
No but the parents can sure the hell get out
Keep going strong after the establishment Bernie that's what inspires us and gives us hope.
“By pardoning Arpaio @realDonaldTrump made it clear that institutional racism is OK with him. It's clear Republicans hate LATINOS & BLACKS!
OB was half white and did he proclaim that? No, he used his black side to build racism. His dad(black) ran off, his white mom raised him.
#Obama showed many times in his writings how angry & racist he really was as well as a #Muslimsympathizer. Not the best 4 a US leader.

If anything, we need to let them stay and work to grow the economy faster
The good ones yeah
What's a dreamer? Define it
Children like me who were brought to the US illegally by our parents without having any say, now we know no other country as our own
So get ready to say goodbye to your mum and dad

So why did you dump waste in Sierra Blanca, and why are you still profiting from it? Go away and let us real Dems get the job done.
Liberals love to throw out names.  Stop protecting illegals and start protecting the forgotten American citizens!!
you and your supporters helped him win #ImpeachTrumpNow
It's not xenophobia to follow the constitution
Ending DACA is ruining good people's lives because their parents got the equivalent of a traffic ticket. It's unjustifiably wrong.
It's not ruining anything. It will be a bi Partison bill that will probably pass. It was an exec order and unconstitutional.
Congress makes law. As a senator, I'd think you'd know executive order isn't the way to pass law.
A country with no borders is no country, so I don't see how it's Xenophobic to enforce common laws.
#Obama started all this by breaking the law to begin with. All you #Globalists need to be investigated. #PoliticalCorruption Good job #Trump

It is not bigotry to follow the law.
YOU SHOULD'VE WON BERNIE
Dafuck? There's not that many stupid people in America, even with the illegal aliens, prisoners, dead people and multi votes.
No Democrats need to stop trying to make memos into unconstitutional laws you old red commie.
Come on Bernie get a bunch of Senators on both sides to fight this inhumane, heartless decision; together. It's just plain wrong!
Yep, exactly correct Bernie!!!!
Because, why would we protect children? They don't work.
not true.Many laws where broken on this.Mainly the immigration laws and the constitution.Nothing to do with race but a illegal deal Obama
Poor Bernie, How's that BANK FRAUD going? SOLD OUT millions of Americans that believed in you! How much did #CrookedHillary $$? #feelthebern
Believe that dems like Sanders will LIE AND CHEAT TAX PAYERS ALWAYS BLAMING IF YOU DONT AGREE YOUR RACIST. SANDERS IS A CAPALITALIST FRAUD.
We keep being told that they're all scientists and engineers, so surely they could work and live anywhere in the world... #DACA
All of you talk a lot, but give the impression you're not part of the decision- making process. Why is that?
it's evil to call someone racist just because they disagree with you
What do you do when that person is actually racist tho? 
You prove it
THAT'S fair enough
The dumpster has a need to destroy anything obama did. If it hits people....oh well
Not at the cost of entrenching dictatorial Oval Office edict as de facto law. Laws are for Congress, not the President.
#TotalitarianObama

@FLOTUS bye bye now.  I know, right? It just doesn't seem fair. Doesn't it? At least you speak the language. DJT, THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE INTO?
The ppl of the USA voted trump in & wish for illegals to get out.  U need to get on board or get replaced.
I see why Hillary laid into you in her book. your rhetoric along with Russia, helped give us this idiot.
It's not xenaphobia nor is it bigotry. They former administration chose to unlawfully create this program.
No shit. Do something about it.
Thank you, now no more words, put the pressure on your colleagues to act now!!!
Re Ur tweet SenSanders rejecting xenophobia and protect DREAMERS.."FEAR" is Not the issue re #DACA recipients #LAW Is ..RU VotePandering?
Estamos tan tristes por este hombre por su racismo por tu falta de umanidad .
You had the chance under Odummy. Don't you remember. It was rejected. Hypocrite steal anyone else's $ lately?
What can I do?
Bigotry - because some people support legal immigrants from a diverse array of cultures and nations? Interesting take.
You should know by now, NO ONE LISTENS TO YOU, Bernie Sell-out, enjoy your new car & vacation home you took as a bribe & your thief wife.
I might be naive but what harm comes from amnesty? Illegals pay payroll taxes, we have a better pop count.  I just don't see the down side
Well, african american students suffer the most, but all due to illegal immigration. 
http://www.fairus.org/publications/the-elephant-in-the-classroom-mass-immigrations-impact-on-public-education …
Never heard this before.  Thanks you for the link
if u come 2this country u know u must register 2get legal not illegaly spounge off us tax payers get legal or get out
Hypocrisy of Bernie talking abt unity while employing identity politics designed to divide us by race,class,gender,religion,sex orientation
The #POTUS ended an order. An order by a politician who is no longer in office. This is the folly of Exec. Orders #AConservativeView
Which mansion of URS u tweeting this from? Your wife in jail yet? How's UR daughter, the wood shop teacher making a half mill a year doing?
if only the Bernie or bust guys were smart enough  to  see what bust would cause..how many yrs to repair the damage...
Trump is an evil man!
(2) ALL other countries have laws against ILLEGAL immigration that are strongly enforced. We must do the same.
You said there was No agreement with Clinton campaign .You lied , Mook & Podesta say otherwise . .
What is the 'leverage' that Clinton manager Robby Mook (re47@hillaryclinton.com) believed he had over Sanders? https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/47397#efmAAAAB2 … 
Socialist Sanders speaks. Remember he is a loser and his wife is a criminal
America is strongest when people who take an oath to defend The Constitution of the United States of America uphold there sworn duty
It's going through congress to make it a law instead of an executive order, chill out playing politics this is better
America is strongest when it rejects xenofilia.

We are stronger when your supporters are not trying to KILL GOP Congressmen!!!!!
Where are the parents in all this did they just leave, we have to find a way a better way quit bitching & moaning & get down to business
How many "dreamers" do you have staying at your 3 manses, eating your fillet, drinking your beer, and swimming in your pools? #PutUpOrShutUp
It's not bigotry you bone head. We can not help others until we secure our own future.  #dreamerscostmoney
Agreed!
Because enforcing the law is bigotry.
Instead of throwing around bigotry and xenophobia, how about you and the other members of Congress pass a bill that will fix this mess!
So to be clear...your plan is anybody that wants to be here can come and if we don't like that we're racist? Or are you just tapping?
That would be yapping!
Bernie you show bigotry toward Americans Why don't you Liberals fight this had for Americans
@AP_Politics You and the other Senators should have done something to pass a law to resolve the problem of #DACA!!!
The Dems did but GOP controlled house would not bring it up for vote.
Then the Dems need to be more vocal about the failure of the @SenateGOP.
It's on the news, but yes, they do need to be more vocal. The R's are making insanity seem like normal.
@SenSanders, Top 3 laws Democrats INTRODUCED & enacted past 5 decades for minorities...You only legislate for dependency and not prosperity!
Protect dreamers my ASS! Need to protect AMERICANS!! Especially from Bank FRAUD committees last ke YOU BERN and your crooked criminal wife!
The only bigotry that I see is yours and your followers!
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems Absolutely No #DACA legislation is acceptable as attachment to #TaxReform. No #DACA #Blackmail on 1% #taxbreaks
Have you even heard of the constitution? I read what @HillaryClinton wrote about you and it may be true.
Precisely what he is giving you the opportunity to do.
What ignorance. It has nothing to do with xenophobia and bigotry. Stop with the identity politics.
He challenged you to do your job...which you did not do under President Obama.  I reject your strawman.
Get to work as senator and stop pointing fingers
IT IS THEIR PARENTS FAULT, NOT THE LAWS OF THE USA - AS A US POLITICIAN YOU SWORE AN OATH TO UPHOLD & ENFORCE THE LAWS OF THE US - HYPOCRITE
DACA was a weak executive order.  Now congress has a chance to improve it and make it law.  Isn't that the point?
@AP_Politics Full of shit as usual Bern! Do you know how many people are waiting to come legally? Filing there paper work being.
@elizadushku @AP_Politics bernie has got to be the stupidest person, so glad hillary screewd him over.
DACA should not have been an Executive Order. Maybe your buddies in Congress should DO THEIR  JOB
What a Christian country
#DefendaDACa  support the Dream Act!!
@AP_Politics Not xenophoic. How dishonest.  You don't care about average American's. It's fine for them to steal our resources.
Remember this bullshyt tweet when you bash dems.
What merit does he see in doing this?
Why try to reason with racist people.  It is in there heart.  Always want to blame others for their failures
Well let's start with Melania!  A show of good example.  The American dream died when #45 took office.

Need more Dems, this time to feel as you do. Get up on Congressional floor convincingly!
Bernie do you plan on buying Hillary's new book by any chance, heard she has a chapter about you in it?
To show no fear of emotion
Let's be real, this was always on Congress and they had years to do something and they didn't. Now they are forced. Let's see what happens.
2019 is when DACA will end so 3 year is good enough time to fix it
Young immigrants? Ya, just like the 40 years old Muslim men rapping Europe claiming to be 14! Stop the lies Globalist!
Trump is literally giving you and Congress the power to  make DACA law. That means you gotta do your job. It's not about bigotry or racism.
Congress had a chance to fix this with the DREAM Act under Obama, but GOP killed it in Senate filibuster. Sadly even less likely to pass now
Some Republicans support daca.  So with all dems and some Republican support we can make it law.
I would love to see that happen. But barriers are even higher now, since Congress would have to pass DREAM Act with veto-proof majority.
We will see, we have until March 2018, we need to pressure congress.
So when are you going to pass this legislation to protect them? Tick tock ...
I'm glad Daca is worthless an go
Can someone give me a good explanation on how this man isn't our president rn?
You are a wise man Senator Sanders! And your honesty and love of our country keeps me balanced . Thank you.
Proud to have you as my senator today, sir.
Burlington College, you must be so proud.
Trump is not a bigot it's the Democrats who are bigots against working class whites, well too bad there's more of us than any other!!!
@Greg_Palast If you're not white... you get the gears. Start focusing on getting rid of Crosscheck for next election Bernie! Hammer that! 
Amen to that!
To all you Mark Rufalo Boot Lickers.
Bernie you need to find a message or platform or something How are your legal issues going?
Instead of pushing fake "bigotry" to exploit people for Democrat votes, how about do your job, compromise for once & get a bill passed?

what exactly is bigotry about putting the issue back where it belongs? in the hands of congress, DACA shd never have been Obama decision
The Nazis deported Jewish children out of Germany in 1942. Trump is following Hitler's power playbook.
America is strongest when Congress members aren't stealing millions from banks or government programs.
#BankFraudBernie 
#Menendez
@SenSanders your wife steals money and you left American people on Obamacare you don't care about American people you hypocrite
Why you all so worried about it now?  You knew it had an expiration date.

Why are you so xenophobic against Russians?
We have much to do to protect those living here from the nutter in the WH!
