Not a right.
Yeah it is, greetings from the Netherlands
Not here - stay in your lane.
We all know that, it will come though be patient.
Nope, never will be a Socialist nation. Constitutional Republic.
Don't have to be socialist to have universal health care, every 1# world country except the US has it
Yeah, and it works awesome, I bet.
Yes, we have higher life expectancy, lower child mortality, less obesity, no opioid epidemic, fever teen pregnancies and pay less per capita
We have not yet succumbed to Socialism where government instead of the free market makes decisions for us. ACA is a lie, wrong & failing!
When I hear Socialist healthcare I think Fantastic! wtf is America scared of? getting cheap health care? having no debt? i dont get it....
Wait I get it now, you dont trust your government, so dont want them in charge of healthcare, k got it... sad story...
free healthcare for all that works that it would not be hard  for any country in the world. ive had 3 surg and 7 months in hosp, no cost...
https://www.quora.com/How-many-countries-offer-free-healthcare-and-education … All these Countries offer free helthcare and free education. this is the future!
I hope Americans can have health care like the rest of us one day we are tired of explaining how much we love it to people who don't believe
How well did socialized medicine work for Charlie Gard and his family?
um the kid was brain dead and didnt have a chance... might want to do some research
Health Care on Socialism .Money goes for premiums nothing left to live on.
Keep investigating the Sanders Bank Fraud & the missing Campaign funds. That how socialism works. Workers and those that STEAL form workers

We need UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE NOW... PUSH IT HARD BERNIE why half the world and not us. We all pay and we all get
Someone else pay someone else pay go go go yay, sounds ridiculous doesn't it
Millions of US citizens don't have healthcare. We could help but we will just let 20,000 of them die yearly. Sounds ridiculous doesn't it?
There are other ways to do it ! It does not work well anywhere else in the world never has
Yes it has, Canada, German(which has the best economy in the world right now), France, and Australia. All of them have a better economy.
I want nothing of what's happening in Germany or France wow. Honestly if you like it that much Go live there
Oh I'm actually planning on it! I'm tired of being scared my mom isn't going to be able to get her meds because of some giant orange baby.
At least there I won't have to worry about fucking people like you who don't give a shit about their fellow Americans.
It all demarcate supporters are poor but ya get what I'm saying this is all fu@dd up they people can't work together and get sh@t done
Fu@ trump and fu@ all the republicans!!!!  I'm and independent I listen to both sides before I vote. Anyhow its like the rich vs the poor.
The rest of the world is pretty much deindustrialized, now do to socialist
Better than what we have now.
Charlie Gard did not deserve to die because of a single payer system! Bernie should be ashamed of himself!
Are you saying for profit medicine can cure more people? Our outcomes are worse, we live fewer yrs, we pay multiple x's what UH systems pay.
How many variables are in your comparison? Intellectually dishonest to compare those things . And UH systems have no way to measure tru cost
INTELLECTUALLY DISHONEST? You're either woefully misinformed or lying. The data is abundant & eminently clear.  Our system is THE worst.
Nomwaymto measure cost? That is laughable. One payer, paying all costs can't reliably track the total expense. But, we can. mmmmhm.
Hey Bernie: it's not just Republicans that need to catch on.
do the math bernie,  it won't work  some one has to pay !!! #uspoli  #GOP
maybe the banks, big pharma, GE and their ilks can pay for it
Thank you for calling him out.  I wish the Democrats were as courageous are you are, Bernie!
Keep fighting for us Bernie!! Love your support of all Americans!
Ain't it great? #MedicareForAll #iamapreexistingcondition #IWorkedFor50YearsForThis?
All I'm getting is a white background??

Far too much info to be the actual plan!! Fake news!
Yeah@spp123steve12. That IS the point. They have no plan except to allow ACA to fail and blame 
#MedicareForAll 
#IAmAPreixistingCondition
Yeah I know. I found it very funny. I was being sarcastic.
Sorry Steve. Irony and sarcasm don't translate well in tweets do they. Be well.
#California....We have a problem @DNC!!! #SinglePayer @OurRevolution
Yes, stop the GOP from sentencing the most fragile in our country to death & making the rest slaves to the 1%.
Government has no business being in health care  I want the right to choose what I think is best  not what some not a comey like bernie
Thank you, again, Bernie!  You help me keep hope alive (as someone in your age bracket).
Maybe if you worked with the Republicans instead of liars like the Democrats we'd be looking at single payer.  Take the math to Trump.
.UK didn't have socialized medicine in 1776, it was after WWII ambulance corp, that helped fight NAZI's, became National Health Service
The people don't want Obama care and you know it. You old fool...
Ideas r more powerful than guns we would not let r enemies have guns why should we let them have ideas from Stalin = socialist demo-liars
This is by far one of the deepest tweets ever. From someone of your intellectual level. I'm sure. Probably.
Industrialization has nothing to do with guaranteeing human rights.
Hes saying joining the industrialized world.
except Bernie's policies and platforms only work to deindustrialize USA by choking growth with govt
How does his policies choke growth with government?
easy! Massive centralized iron fisted bureaucracy Chokes business with regulations #Venezuela
What regulations exactly? Do you even know whst regs. trump rolled back? You gotta do better than a multipled worded fox news talking point.
people like sanders it's all about big bloated govt centralized power. ? is what regs wont he do
we know he wants carbon regulations, income regs, single payer...always bigger govt, smh.
Don't let it go Bernie! That's one serious way to make America great again. Cheers from France.
A bientot
Provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare - sounds like government guaranteed healthcare is a right #SinglePayerNow
Sounds like communism to me.
Is Medicare and Social Security also Communism?
Communism and Socialism are their trigger words. They're like sleeper cells, but worst. They're just stupid.
Trump is a winner! Sanders a loser!
What exactly has Trump won, other than Putin's heart?  
The majority of common sense American's support him, what planet are you living on ?
Ask Charlie Gard's parents what they think about socialized medicine
"The specific ... disease which Charlie Gard [had]... has never been effectively treated... or 'cured.'"
It has been successfully been treated US doctors said they could treat him
They don't care. They care only about money.
You want to impose your Marxist system in the US?
Funded How??
Doesn't work.  They already have money, you tax them, they stop making money and live off what they have.  So zero tax money
I do wish the Dems would catch on as well. A few support #SinglePayer. Most don't. Their donors don't want it. Time for a NEW #PeoplesParty!
I wish that could happen without splitting the vote and giving republicans more power. Progressives need to take over the ...
Democratic Party. The people can do that by defeating corporate dems in the primaries. Vote for people who support Universal Healthcare. +
Can't reform dems. Look at CA. Dem majority. SP in platform & passed until...stopped by DEMS! They refuse to BE reformed. Must start fresh!
I'm not expecting current corporate dems to reform on their own, I want to replace them with progressives. The trend has already started. +
Their are many more progressives in the party than there were before Bernie ran for president. Individual donations will continue to flow...
in, supporting new candidates until the money controlling the party will  be from the people and not the corporations. As long as progress..
is being made we must continue to push, and at some point a tipping point will be reached and the people will control their own destiny. +
Eating is a right but U won't unless U earn it or get on the govt tit. Healthcare is no different. Free the slaves from welfare.
Healthcare is NOT a right, it's a SERVICE, no matter how much u want it to be a right, the Constitution doesn't say it's a right.
Eating is a right, but you won't eat unless you earn it or get on the government tit. Same thing with healthcare.
I should have posted that directly @SenSanders @BernieSanders. I think I will do that now.
Amen to that, Bernie! We have the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness! Without Healthcare, there is no life!
#StillSanders
Name 1 program thats not military that runs well. Obamacare (bankrupt)? Social Security (bankrupt)? Medicare (bankrupt)? VA Care (failure)?
@DraftBernie for new party that cares about people, unlike Democratic+Republican parties that care for corporations
I do hope someday you get you have a bunch of Republicans trying to get rid of the ACA and you are clamoring on about this? Try to be
realistic. You already screwed up our country trying to pretend to be a democrat and your cult followers that still don't get you are all
talk and if Obama couldn't get anything done  are they that dumb to think you could have? I like you but your followers are a dangerous
cult of idealism that can't realistically happen with a snap of the fingers. Do our country a favor and tell them you will not be running
in 2020. They are feuding to let our party unite over their idiotic idea that you will run again and we really won't let you win after
you out Trump in office. For once in your life, do the right thing now.
ACA - Enslaving some people to pay for others "rights";  Rights aren't bought or forced on people.
Well there was no good out for that poor baby so what are u saying
We love you
It's time for free healthcare for all
No Senator, we DO NOT, want that. We want access to affordable care IF WE WANT, NOT A MANDATE! Sorry, but your viewpoint is NOT what we want
Free mental health counselling in London England!
have you even read the Bill of Rights?
If trump wants to be the best president in history he will make healthcare for all
Nitwit. I hope no one else falls for your socialist agenda.
I really agreed with your standard sir.
Exactly what countries are you talking about?  Any countries who have socialized healthcare are going BROKE!!
You num nutz!!!! We are the industrialized word!!!! Quit talking and go back to bed!!!
Thank you for fighting for our HC.It's horrible to have to wonder:Can I see my Doctor,get my meds?I can't see the Dentist at all.Not covered
No prosperous democracy in the world has for profit health care;except America.
They have to evolve 1st, so it might take a while.
Now Bernie. You know the Republicans and especially Trump's punkass don't want that to happen
Outcome of SINGLE PAYER #SOCIALISM

#Venezuela braces 4 day of fresh violence in wake of Maduro 'power grab' victory
It's not a right even if your lobbyist tell you otherwise.
Obama Care is great..Members of Congress excluded of course.
Go Bernie!!  I'm FROM Mt., and I'm angry with Danes-who held a ridiculous 'telephone-in town hall meeting"
so you cant have a government run PUBLIC healthcare why? we have public and private healthcare its called FREEDOM i thought you were in USA
GOD BLESS
No no no Bernie. Stop the blame game.  It's not the republicans. It's the cost of doctors and drugs. My friends in those countries hate it.
Do something then. Author the bill to  amend the Constitution. Talkers and Doers. Smh
F..O..
Can we please call for an election of No Confidence on this administration?!!!
I hope the democrats also catch on.  They killed SB562 in CA and refuse to entertain the concept of Universal Healthcare.

ASK CHARLIE GARDS PARENTS ABOUT GOV HEALTH CARE. NO THANKS!
HEALTHCARE IS NOT A HUMAN RIGHT!  GET A JOB AND BUY IT!  FREE MARKET, LOWER COST, SELL ACROSS ST LINES, TORTE REFORM.
They Won't "Catch On" Unfortunately. SET Them on Online Fire Instead.
Bad tweet, come up with some real propositions and I will listen to you. But for now maybe it's time for you to retire
Healthy people equals healthy nation!
The GOP Health Care Plan is sick.
I'd like to read about it, but some old guy keeps stealing my paper.  He says he's redistributing wealth.
Me too. But it will never happen. The Repulican Party is always foe the rich. And until that happens things will reamain the same.
I don't believe healthcare is a right but a privilege.
Rights don't cost money
These are the results of obstructionist not doing  there job & resisting everything others are doing to help America. Fear mongering idiots
God bless you, uphold you, strengthen you, increase your wisdom and make you live much more than anyone ever imagine. Amen. I  YOU SIR
THE SENATE BROUGHT TO THE FOOOR LAST WEEK. ON GOVERNMENT HEALTHCARE.   SICIALIZED MED.  you VOTED "PRESENT" YOU WOULD NOT VOTE YES
Legalize marijuana. Tax it. Pay for Healthcare for all.
Never catch on trump fam products made poor countries slave labor mostly women  Hire only foreign temps 3mths-3yrs hold wk visa wk only him
You mean like C. Card's right?
If you want the "right" then work with all legislators to pass a law or amend the Constitution.
Sanders don't you have a State to run instead of being in the media everyday flapping your jaw. Geez...go away. You're getting like Hillary.
Ever tried walking across the aisle, Bernie @SenSanders? Your 'hope' & a nickel can't even buy us a cup of coffee.
How about starting with realization that they unleashed Trump on us, potentially to be the LAST President of the United States.
I only wish Mr Sanders and his ilk could get the free healthcare they deserve. I.E, Cuba (which is wonderful i hear), China, Venezuela, etc
You are at the front of battle for freedom and justice for not only USA but the entire earth planet.
it's a simple as that if #Republicans cared about the American people they would agree to a single-payer system #Medicare for all
First, @DainesforMT  is an immature bully who follows his asshat of a leader. Sanders is ready to maturally dicuss while u act like a child
Everyone already has access to healthcare. What you really want is Socialism and government to control healthcare. Please move to Venezuela!
Not gonna happen, you are trying to bankrupt the US as bad as it is now.
I hope that one day Bernie realizes, that expecting half of the nation who works, to subsidize the other half, who doesnt, is not realistic
Worked well for Charlie Gard. Oh, wait.
They might try to play the game but @BernieSanders is the Master....
#SinglePayer #Bernie2020
Still pretty funny seeing Bernie recommend fellow democrats not vote for socialized medicine when opportunity arises.
Dangerous political tric. That's how we got the first income tax. Republicans never thought it would pass but introduced it.
Hoping will do nothing. You need to organize the People around the issue. What about a march on Washington, civil disobedience, strikes!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=616986511828065&id=529949447198439 …
Shame on us for such an advanced country we are and we can't keep our Americans healthy and safe. Shame on US.  Could use a doc salary too!
Thank you. And support Public Education not charters and vouchers.
How can it be a right when you have to force a party to do something for someone else?
Please use your power to bring both sides together so we can start to address issues that matter
Conservative is a dirty word. Reject conservatives and get them and their closed, backward thoughts out of every political office.
Republicans r backward thinking, fear mongering haters. Their brains r wired without humanity or empathy & they only care about themselves.
We are a capitalist society. One of free enterprise. We are not and never will be socialist.
In canada we do not have health insurance companies. Insurance ppl only offer auto house and life stuff. They seem to make money still.
Illness is neither an indulgence for which people have to pay, nor an offence for which they should be penalised...
but a misfortune, the cost of which should be shared by the community
In canada we have 30mill ppl and health care. Yes it costs us a lot in the USA you have 500mill would cost very little to have Health care.
Lets not forget the democrats, they're not fighting for single payer. Hillary didn't.
Bernie  2020
Trump may be able to erase President Obama's legacy but he can't erase the minds of Black Americans
I hope that one day soon people realize what a buffoon you are.
Destroyed Healthcare System intentionally caring not who they hurt so they get what they wanted. Us to join rest of the industrialized world
This is not a good time for a trick; now is the time for action! Listen to Bernie or FEEL THE Bern!!
And have our government make our Healthcare choices for us with the bottom line as the standard for potential life-saving Healthcare.
Who's paying for it Bernie!
Americans could move anywhere for jobs if they didn't have to fret about insurance. Insurance poverty is death panel by default.

No way. So we can wait in line, let courts decide who lives/dies, & still pay for supplemental insurance plans. Medicare is not free.
The GOP is opposed to cost effective healthcare because they're in bed with the pharmaceutical companies
Sen. Daines doesn't listen 2 what da hell his own president Trump says He praised AU system in interviews socialize HC Duh
That worked out well for Charlie. There is a reason ppl come to the US for healthcare. It's good because it's part of the free market.

THIS was when she lost me
She lost me at "Super Predators"
HRC said "it will never happen" and yet you endorsed her.
https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/identity-politics/ …
I'm afraid they will NEVER catch on- it's not in their financial interest!

Sen. Sanders--you played this beautifully. When I watch senate video you are in, it feels like a Frank Capra movie.
Support term limits. 80% of Congress an Senate are considered millionaire. Why do they pretend to support the poor ..... Just wanting votes.
Socialist nut
BERNIE MEANS COMMUNIST INDUSTRIAL WORKD WHERE WORK FOR NORHING FOR THE MUTTER LAND
Healthcare is not a right. It's a service.. get government out, and let the free market fix the problems ACA caused.
Need to free the market and make healthcare providers and insurance companies compete for our business. Only way it becomes affordable.
Sweden's rise to prosperity was based on free mkts, low taxes & few govt prgms. Dem. Soc. added socialist prgms & growth/prosperity slowed.
The GOP is a self-serving distasteful disgraceful lot. Don't hold your breath. Curious, has that senator put forward any REAL legislation?
My health, diet, and excersize are my responsibility, so is my healthcare.  I can't make a doctor treat me, he isn't my slave.
Can you guarantee me an Audi as a human right?
No government has the authority or the ability to grant "rights". Rights are inherent. Healthcare is not. It is a service.
I think it's time we all get our shit together and join the rest of the world and start socialized med  or at least what Capitol Hill gets.
Or we could live up to our promise by getting govt out of the way & let the People have liberty wo having to pay for every govt whim.
Please don't forget the Democrats on this post also. They need a wide awakening if not more will flee the party
Sen. Murkowski, "I didn't come to Washington to hurt people." GOP male senators ... crickets. GOP core principle crystal clear.
You know a Republican introduced a single payer bill that you didnt even vote on, we know repub was full of it though
We were the industrial capital of the world before your free hand outs on the backs of US companies collapsed under poor trade agreements.
Its not a right! People pay for it! You have big pharm & insurance showing record profits since Obamacare! Sit down shut up!
You're on fire today, Liam!  
Thanks enjoying a nice Saturday afternoon with a couple of 
Healthcare in Israel
Incurable? Not according to U.S. doctor.  Lack of earlier care could have saved him.
Yes, and Congress has luxury healthcare not part of Obamacare.. Some (including Bernie) have more rights than others.
US education system is so bad that we let cons fool us. Without healthcare, we are 3rd world country. Tech doesn't matter, only for rich.
lol Bernie don't play that shit!
Thanks Sen Sanders!
Nope,we are not going to become a socialist nation.
NATIONAL SOCIALIST.
Not in America.
Values that enabled America to defeat the Nazis will lead to the political defeat of all Socialists.
Can we just ditch the dems and repubs and make a Bernie party?  Ya know so we can actually be the first world country we pretend to be?
How do you intend to make this happen without raising taxes and taking more from people already struggling suffer more?
Everyone pays into healthcare fund.  Family healthcare debit card with limits to pay providers and providers bid for health dollars.
Healthcare is not a right it is privilege. We should help those who are disabled. If you can work you need to work for insurance
... actual solution to healthcare fiasco...
Amen, brother Bernie.
skip a battleship , a few rockets 
and some planes
and all will be paid for 
(I'm from the old continent btw.)
Hillary Clinton will not fight this hard for the well fare of the American people. She has a Republican heart. God bless you Bernie.
Bernie won't fight very hard to keep his wife out of jail. It's cheaper and easier than a divorce.
Only Congress seems to want that benefit for themselves and their families and the rest of us pay for it. We're suckers, Bernie.
Bernie you perfectly know that ACA is not good so why all this obstruction, then you Democrat should provide solution
I hope one day soon you catch on to the fact that the US is $20T in debt and then try to do something about it.
Don't ever change Bernie.  
#FeelTheBurn 
Ur done
You mean socialism, right??? NO!!!
I applaud you and your loyalty to all Americans.  We should have universal healthcare.  I am on Medicare and it really is good.
The #USA is 40 years behind on everything, so....
Dear socialist -  It is NOT a right
Is housing a right? How about food? Car?
Healthcare in Europe is LOUSY! If you're sick, you get on waiting list for treatment & sugery! Pay over 50% taxes. #socialism
We know the Republicans are not going to wake upbut with dark money donors it's like a dog not pissing on the mailbox moneymoneymoney
We could have been one year closer with your support in 2016, no?
Tell the TRUTH.  ObamaCare is dying  Many areas with 0 or 1 insurers.
All these naysayers railing against single-payer must work for #BigPharma or #CorpseMedicine. #Teat-suckers living off of our premiums.
lol gotta love Bernie
Why are these republicans wasting our time by playing stupid games? Grow up!
Bernie its time for you to be put out to pasture...
Not this bunch! They are clueless !
