Another example of the disarray in this admin. And when has Trump reached across the aisle? It's basically, if you don't agree, obstruction!
These silly bastards have no clue what they're doing.
Come on Donnie, get your sycophants on the same page!!!
I'm still waiting on that debate.
Reinstatement of Glass-Steagall was a Trump campaign promise. He made it part of The Republican Platform.
Our Government and corporations are one and the same, as the corporations pay for legislation that benefits them. Lobbying should be illegal
BERNIE YOU ARE NOT ON THE COMMITTEE
This is amazing news!!!
When every thing is handled behind closed doors is time to impeach DT
Go get a real job Bernie, do a work that is  physical,  that  makes you sweat for a change. Get truly in touch with your constituents.
The GOP is out to destroy all forms of liberalism. They could give a shit less about *working across the aisle*
When was the last time the administration was all on the same page? Never
I'm telling you he's going to do it.
He better not, because that just proves he is guilty as hell, the Republicans to get off their ass and do the right thing for the country
when the big banks are your area of interest, since democratic receiving a big payments from Saudis,is this pay out stopped? hillary ruined?
Senator Sanders, when has the staff ever gotten their stories straight among each other? They haven't.
Who's on first
How do you manage day to day with an eccentric near abnormal president
Nothing on the books , cuz deregulation produces profits, and profits are the only important thing to the gov/ corps
GOP did not learn a thing in 2008.
Ps I am starting a new company called countrywide loans.ahhh countrywide mortgages. Looking for investors
You mean the Glass-Steagall that Bill Clinton destroyed??
Sadly, Sean Spicer has become a puppet.
No!!! Don't tell me they would lie......
But it was Spicey... 
How about asking @POTUS Trump?
Go away Bernie
Hypocrit. You lie daily
haha  What a bunch of buffoons in charge of the White House. ugh!
There's a lot of contradictory statements with this administration.  It's like a sad tragic comedy and I love our country.
Why you believe in a Lair?
Yeah these guys should talk about the president's intentions.
Who cares? That is a bad idea anyway.
Then somebody is lying now aren't they? 
Lies like a rug
Here is your #Fakemedia
So, a liar covering up for a liar by lying
Nothing new about that, Bernie.  It's pretty much a daily event.
Let's see what Trump tweets
trying to make sense in a room full of liars is 100% impossible! Don't even try.
"I don't support going back to Glass-Steagall as is,we talked bout policy w the president-elect, our view is we need a 21st century version"
The WH just can't seem to get their stories straight
Tears for the MSN malicious obstructionist media
Your lazy butt must have your outstanding staff working overtime to find little tidbits of information like this! They do a much better job!
Who cares what they say, trump speaks from his hind side.
Do you think Sniffles even knows what Glass-Steagall is?
Lying little Sean.
Do you think Trump wants to quit? Hence all the things he makes up and how he acts like an imbecile.
Bernie -Your State Vermont still have a 3.6 BILLION SHORTFALL in the State PENSION?? That's Teachers, Police, Firemen and all State workers?
After Trump is prez, can you imagine all the tell-all books that will come out? He must be making everybody sign something saying they won't
It isn't what Trump himself has said.
NOPE. https://www.forbes.com/sites/neilassur/2016/10/10/are-bernie-sanders-supporters-backing-hillary-clinton/#15cddc74688f …
All liars and delusional
You didn't have the balls to stand up to the DNC during the election. You expect us to thing you would stand up to Goldman? You're a joke.
Bernie, this shouldn't be anything new to you - Trump is a liar.
They don't know what they want. It's all in fighting.
has spicey been attending charm school?  but i still can't look at him without seeing and hearing @melissamccarthy 
@PressSec has no clue what @POTUS thinks or will do.  #Spicer is a diversion.  He's a joke & a pawn & doesn't even know it.  #sad #resist
@SenSanders If you're going to try and make a point make sure the audio is working.
Sean never seems to get the MEMO This is unbelievable an Administration that doesn't communicate with each other We definitely are in crisis
That's just typical the spicy no reply at all
No one in Trumps Administration knows what's going on.
They ALL lie - every one in the El Dump camp
Spicer's "Yes" means "I don't know." His "No" means "I don't know." There, sorted that for us all.
Hocus pocus
All these people do is lie. Just like their "dear leader" trump. smh.
the repeal of Glass Steagall mocked everything that Roosevelt stood for when he created the FDIC, now taxpayers bail out Freddy & Fannie
Has Donny ever met with any of the people across the aisle? Any committee besides the leadership of the GOP?
Bernie We need to focus on Trumpcare and not allow the slayers of the middle class to force thru their agenda without debate. Step up
When will the buffoons make up their minds? 

Probably never.
shouldn't you be PRO Glass Steagall? the repeal of Steagall was what led to the weakness in housing credit markets, through deregulation
Dude, will you just have a stroke already & disappear? Tired of your yappy mouth! Blah blah blah, look at me, I'm an old fart! Damned demon
Obviously, it is a seamless operation in the WH!
WHAT?!!? A CONTRADICTION?!!?! I'm shocked.
Rolled my eyes so hard I saw my brain when I read this. Contradictions are the norm for this bunch. 
when we finally get to the other side hopefully it'll feel comical instead of scary.
I hope so. For now, my copy of 1984 has been moved to my 'nonfiction shelf'. 
I agree. I listened to Clinton's Wellesley speech and she talked about living through Watergate. Reminds me this isn't forever.
Remember that time @SenSanders called @CNN fake news and got the boot immediately after?
romantic dinner date for 2 at the @WhiteHouse? Strictly off the record of course. What happens in the oval office stays there, get the drift
I believe Mnuchin.
As if Sean Spicer has any idea what's going on in the rest of the building
I don't think those 2 even see each other anymore. Poor spicey didn't get to meet the Pope.
That "yes" at the end sounded confident. 
Bernie with the receipts
Spicey likes it under the bus
These folks don't seem to get the concept behind video recording.
The Bank Acts of 34' and 35' took USA out of Great Depression. GLB and 10a-1 reversed them almost destroying America in 08'. STUPIDITY!
SENATOR SANDERS I WOULD BE LYING IF I TOLD YOU WHAT GLAS STEAGLE DOES!
Incompetent goons
No one knows what Trump says. They "wing" it at the White House.
They are never on the same page.
