With respect,
At what point do U believe the state, forcibly taking from U what U or Ur family has earned, moves from nobility to tyranny?
So you're insinuating that... taxation itself is tyranny? Questionable line of logic.
Suddenly Trumpers are anarchists, freaking psychotic morons.
Since when were they the anarchists, tho? Coming from an AnCap.
No taxes means no gov't ugh and sigh.
I'm pretty sure that that's NOT what they're arguing for. They just want taxes to be lowered.
If you call taxation tyranny then you should find a new way to fund a gov't.
First off, give me at least ONE service that can't be provided by the free market, and give me convincing evidence to support this.
Where is your proof that it isnt? The US is massively in debt. Only new payers to SSI keep it solvent - ie. Ponzi scheme.
how about you and your fellow senators pay a 90% tax since the salary you recieve is taxpayer money? I'll vote for that
How about$120-200/year salary for every American w.10% tax and progressive tax after that? How much do u need for food,free education/health
End VISA and guest worker programs=jobs with better pay! American workers pay taxes!
Tax Reform should include Soc Security tax on those making $250k + Widows can not live on what they recv! It is despicable!
Uh that's not what he said.
But it is a Ponzi scheme
Sure it's basically a Ponzi scheme. But I can understand why a politician wouldn't want to frighten people by saying that.
Ted Cruz "I liked it better when poor retirees ate cat food to survive, praise Jebus"
Is this Bernie submitting these tweets.  Seems as if some leftard is using his account.  Spin away....
#Privatization of #SocialSecurity GOP & Obama  http://interc.pt/1O6KE9t  HRC http://huff.to/2dQyDIN  WJC http://bit.ly/1qauf87 —#StillSanders
Bernie slips a little truth out...
cruz the "christian" strikes again
never mentioned SSA could be solvent if GOP stopped borrowing against it & paid back $. any1 benefit from Ponzi scheme it's our own govn't
Um, I kind of follow you. But, borrowing against SS trust fund not new or particularly Republican.
Ok then, well then how about the government stop borrowing against it and leave the money for the people
He's right. It's clear you don't understand either one.
1) its not a ponzi scheme
2) Ted just said twice on live television during a debate that he never said it was. So Sanders posted the clip
Math is hard, so I understand the "it's NOT!" foot stomping responses. As for what Ted said I have no idea what motivates most politicians.
It's absolutely a ponzi scheme. Using my money today to fulfill past promises-- my money isn't getting invested, it's getting spent!
Newsflash morons, it IS a Ponzi scheme. Unfortunately, Americans are so dumb he can't say that because we've somehow decided it's off limits
Fine, give me all my money back,Ted and I am happy to let you parents go without cause you fucked the system up.
You heard that right, Ponzi scheme!!!!!
Exactly cause the government is spending what legally is ours to pay for other programs
It uses current taxes to fund benefits owed to past taxpayers, thus it is a Ponzi scheme by definition.
If Mr. Cruz really believes that, he should ask SSA to return his SSA checks to US Treasury when he becomes eligible to receive them.
The high taxes wont kill greed and ambition, they might slow them down and maybe help some. Its addiction but need to start treatment slowly
Those addicts poison our food and water with cheap, effective and dangerous chemicals to get maximum profit.
The Republican party is a Ponzi scheme.
It is a ponzi scheme just like 401Ks are. Also a way of getting ppl to work all their lives only to have retirement age raised
Ted is right on this one. Sorry. You want to test it out? Make SS voluntary.
Your the Ponzi rich ole fart leave SS alone. we
Beeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrniiiieeeeeeeeeee!!!!

It is.
Cruz wants to rip Americans off. Only the smat can see it coming. GOP think people are dumb like Trump suporters.
lmao i guess banks are ponzi schemes too
But Social Security is a PONZI scheme nonetheless

It's one thing @tedcruz had absolutely right. Paying today for others. Might not be available for me. Can we say PONZI??? 
It is a Ponzi scheme just like rest of socialism
Tell it to China, Canada and some in Europe

Haha religion is a Ponzi scheme how many billions do churches take in a year tax free with the promise to heaven for those who give
Mr Cruz choses to learn the hard way that good will overcome what is not good....
We are ALL SURE Ted will collect when his time comes. If he had scruples, he would decline SS. What are those chances?
@tedcruz reminds me of a bad sideshow Las Vegas comedian working in a dive bar somewhere.
Social security is a Ponzi scheme. That’s why it will run out of money in the very near future. No chance in hell I see any of that money
Then he lied to our faces about what this was.  #lyingted #CNNDebateNight
you being a Senator is a Ponzi Scheme to, you collect money to be a Senator, yet you tweet 24 hours a day. Do you ever work?
I WISH every single Republican/Conservative lawmaker would read this link before devising our new “tax reform plan:”
I'll get a grand total of $800 a month at age 62. I've paid in since age 16. If I can prove disability $1200 mo. Sux.
Bill Clinton destroyed social security back in the 90s.
He's right. It is. You wanna know why? Because Congress stopped setting Social Security tax revenue apart from general revenue. That's why.
It is.
I paid into Social Security my entire life and am now entitled to my investment. It would help if Government would quit stealing from it.
Most hard working Americans pay SS all year and if everyone did it would be more than healthy. You could enjoy retirement and retire at 60.
John, in a word you don't have the facts. Check here https://www.ssa.gov/history/lifeexpect.html … FYI context of Bernie's quote:
Maybe you'd do more to oppose oligarchy if u joined the Green Party or otherwise distanced ur self from Dems? Thank you
Ted Cruz is a scheme
Social Security is far from a ponzi scheme, only those with pockets as deep as his would see it as that. It's a blind way to see things
@GOP know-nothingism is the real Ponzi scheme. Each idiot recruits three, and when they know less than they started with, profits handsomely
The Sanders Cult is a Ponzi scheme that made Bernie a MILLIONAIRE !! Stop hiding your income tax returns Dirty Bernie .
Bernie only 200 people looked at this ..must not be what you thought ..
It is a ponzi scheme. Bernie is an idiot. They don't invest the money, they take it for other stuff to feed the government, and float more bonds to make up the difference. Don't count on socialists to understand economics. They don't.
Bernie Sanders represented 99.8% of America in the debate
The #zodiackiller represented 2 people
I love you, Bernie!
Bernie how much do you get for a pound of uranium.  #Taxpayers1st
Funny, Ted said quite clearly tonight that never said that, and yet here he is saying it. Maybe trump was right about him.... "Lyin Ted" .
Social Security IS a ponzi scheme. It is unsustainable. http://www.marketwatch.com/story/social-security-insolvency-is-now-one-year-closer-2016-07-11 … #SocialismSucks
Translation: You've saved and contributed all your life to buy a mounds bar. We want half.
If so then so is insurance. Should we outlaw that? Cruz is a moron.
To be fair it kind of is a Ponzi scheme, but it helps lots of people instead of just one rich guy so it's a good Ponzi scheme!
SS is the biggest economic stimulus in the history of the world!  Every penny goes right back into the economy
He's such a weasel. Just watched the debate, no matter what he says I'm pretty sure America has your back, you give a new vision for America, we can evolve and progress! You give me hope Bernie.
Ted Cruz is right about that. The Fact that you don’t know that is Astonishing. 
Yep, robbing Peter to pay Paul while fucking Mary.  Guess who's Mary?
Yea.  It's a broken don't system!!
PREACH BERNIE!! #SandersforPez
Lol.  You’re funny, Ted!!!
Damn right it is!! Explain how it isn't #BreadLineBernie !! It is the definition of Ponzi!! It is not balanced. Money not real.
SOCIAL SECURITY is a "pay it forward" program.
Cruz denied saying this during tonight’s debate, he lied
Yep he said it!
How many of Ted Cruz family rely on Social Security? After what POTUS said about his family,Cruz needs to sit down.
Hey lyin’ Ted, can it still be called fake news if you’re the one who said it?
They’re not even the same! Ponzi schemes are voluntary.
Now that's funny!
No Ted Social Security is not a Ponzi scheme. Wall Street execs nor Banks can access the money to steal it. The cash is actually there.
Smh.. he lied with a straight face
Can’t trust Cruz
Yep... Ted has tried that statement before.  #Nonsense
And beneffits al for everybody, not only a free persons
As a Senator said “I like Ted Cruz more than anyone else in the senate and I hate him”.
@sonialopezlariz
Cruz needs a new bit.
@tedcruz is completely correct. You'd see more money in CDs with banks, which are insured. Unlike like SS where it's, "try not to die young"
WTF?
Wrong. People can choose to enter or not enter a ponzi scheme. The government forces us, at the point of a gun, to pay into social security
Good point but it's still a Ponzi scheme
He clearly doesn’t understand it!
We the People of the US, in Order to form a more perfect Union.. insure domestic Tranquility, provide for defence, promote general Welfare
The entirety of the #GOP platform is a Ponzi scheme.
TY for your RT Sen. Sanders, if you did indeed RT my tweet. .
I paid into ss for over 50 yrs. Touch that third rail and die. It should be expanded, not reduced. #tedcruzisanimbecile
Yup ... This actually fits ... Perfectly
Sociopaths like you reallocated the funds and spent them on votes
So maybe cut some other shit to take care of those who bought your snake oil and let those of us w time on out side divest of your fraud.
Coming from someone who should be retired & on SS.
Um it kinda is...  the way gov keeps spending that money without any real plan to pay it back.
Gotta find new investors quick Bernie. Oh yea raise taxes on middle class some more
well you can't say you don't deliver.
@SenTedCruz here’s the video. Texas deserves better than Cruz and GOP policies.
No @tedcruz you are a #fraud
BERNIE2020.  SUPER JOB ON CNN!!!!
The @GOP is a terrorist organization. We fear for our health, livelihoods, and safety because of their cruel policies.
Wait, you're saying it isn't?

Share the entire clip Bernie! I enjoyed watching this evenings civil debate. America deserves better! Thank you both @SenTedCruz
Then he doesn't understand the point of a Ponzi scheme. Privatizing SS converts it into a Ponzi ensuring future retirees won't get paid.
Lyin' Ted
Huh?? Should I sue for my money back with interest?
Bernie was the Communist States of America
no, the stock market is a ponzi scheme, rich guys get bailouts, the working class pay the bills
Remind me again who bailed the banks and auto industry out.  Remind me who's campaign received $44 million in donations from Wall Street.
Well, will Ted Cruz give me back all the money I've put into it now? It was set up because people wouldn't save for their own retirement.
@tedcruz  is a Ponzi Scheme!
Oops. It appears @SenTedCruz did not call it a Ponzi scheme. He said it was being run that way. Full video:
His people love Ponzi schemes, multilevel marketing scams, and phony ministers.   They should be fine with it then.
He's not wrong.
Fuck cruz
Do the math, Bernie. It wasn't intended to be, but it became one when both parties replaced Social Security's cash with IOUs in the form of bonds. Pays out more than it takes in.
well... technically, it is.
Lyin’ Ted!
Liberals = nihilists: It took .a few weeks for them to ruin the NFL, a few months to ruin the media, and a few years to ruin US education
So said the #RussianBot. Go fuck yourself Vladimir,Boris,or whatever your real name is you faceless egg coward...
He's 100% correct. The libtard left is destroying the country.
Ur an idiot @tedcruz. A lying NG hypocritical slithering fool. He called u out on this & u pulled ur best @realDonaldTrump & continued 2lie!
This definition coming from a #Republitard politician who basically is one of the biggest welfare recipients in the #USofA...#FuckYouTedCruz
Great job sir ... I hope your blood pressure is ok ... I had to turn it off a few times during the ted not ted talk due to my bp
Then give back our contributions!
no, Mr. Cruz, it isn't. In fact, the ponzi scheme is Congress voting itself the power to siphon off funds from SSTF
Government keeps misusing it too. Always threatening it’s going to run out while keeping welfare going.
Ted Cruz is a Ponzi scheme!
Oooohhhhhh..... You're clever.     Clearly the socialist left is filled with mental midgets.
Correct.
Cruz just proclaimed that he was using the quote in reference to someone else. Trump was right #lyingted. @tedcruz
Ted Cruz is dangerous. Here is what Reagan’s tax cuts really did.
You are a Ponzi scheme with all your plans Dumbsanders!
Lol it literally is tho
Just wait till he wants to collect.
Ppl don't realize free healthcare, free college, free or low cost child care is a benefit saving$ trade-off higher taxes.#imwithbernie
No Ponzi scheme, but at the same time, nobody should ever have been counting on it to fully fund their retirement. A thin cushion at best.
Having said that, those funds need to be left to serve that purpose, and that purpose alone. Respect our seniors. #SocialSecurity
Good luck with that
Well, considering when it started there were 120+ workers for every 1 retiree, and now were down to less than 3, what else is it?
Bernie ppl aren't wanting to come to this country because we are great Socialist! Socialism doesn't work!!!
Socialism doesnt work? Look at New Zealand, Nnorway, Denmark, and Ireland. Works great from them, just to name a few.
No thank you to Socialism! I can pay my own bills I don't need the government deciding on what my family needs!
Democratic socialism. Research, learn, please dont stay ignorant of what you dont understand.
So is it a Ponzi scheme when we pay taxes for police, fire, infrastructure, education.  Why not pay for social security and Medicare/caid
Leaders should lead by example, stop corporate welfare
Seems for a Republican be on TV DEBATES, first you must qualify as ridiculous liar show man. Congratulations @SenSanders you're a gentleman.
@tedcruz then I want all my money back now Ted!!!! I've been putting in since I've been 15 that's a whole lot of my money Mr. Cruz.
You haven’t been “putting in”, you’ve been paying retirees. When you retire someone else will have to pay in. It’s a Ponzi scheme.
Didn’t @realDonaldTrump call @tedcruz Lyin’ Ted?
Fauck him he will say anything to keep that double chin full.
The anti Ted Talks
he's right if the so-called scheme goes bankrupt before people who paid in get their investment back, which is where we are headed
Social Security is a Ponzi scheme--current payers are paying for those drawing funds.  Estimates state SS has $200T in unfunded liabilities
Bernie's a ass hat, so he doesn't understand . All he understands is is idiot braindead followers
good to know 35 years ago, I got it from the chairman of Federal Reserve 20 years
bernie sanders donors https://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/contributors?id=n00000528 … ?
COMING THROUGH WITH THE RECEIPTS
Yes? By all means let's point out the obvious while doing nothing about it; your forte.
No, the GOP is a ponzi scheme
With that logic Taxes are a Ponzi scheme also
It's OUR Ponzi scheme. It's OUR $. Underpaid wages 4 lifetime of work. Now they're planning to steal it & give it to Wall St. Hands off SS!
TY for your RT Sen. Sanders, if you did indeed RT my tweet. .
FYI context of Bernie's quote:
Bernie's best line of the night:  Make America Venezuela Again!
Ted Cruz: Make America Somalia Again!

FYI context of Bernie's quote:
Yup it’s right there. What did trump call him lying Ted?Bernie  won the debate tonight
Yup, he said it if not verbatim...
Crawl or slither away go away
TEd Cruz has lots of practice on being a scum bag so you Berni will have to be one too, but be nice about it. He doesn't get it.
Lyin’ Ted
Well yeah, it is.
That they won't give it back but in a small percentage of what you paid is evidence that it is indeed a ponzi scheme.
Bernie destroyed Cruz tonight.Telling people to go to his Twitter page to see Cruz get called out on his lie was absolutely epic.Well done.
The longer version of the vid:
Yeppers, not his comment
Ted Cruz is a liar
Wow he’s a dope. Or FDR is a dope. You choose.
FDR
Tell that to all the people whose only income is that crappy monthly check!  Ted should try living on an average $1500 per month!!
The pay out amounts aren’t the defining characteristic of a Ponzi scheme.
Neither is Social Security!
Social security is a pyramid scheme to the extent each generation pays for the next.
Again, not true. I know what I paid out in Social Security over the course of my career. The #s don’t work and I’m just one of millions.
What numbers don’t work?
I just thought I liked this guy more than @realDonaldTrump. I'm back to a tossup...#CNNDebateNight
They’re both assholes.
It is. That is correct, sir.
yep.  so are all institutions.  the people are not bank accounts for the government!
Ted got busted in this twice in one night now. that's a new record
OOPS ROCK!!
It is. Federal government shouldn’t be involved in forced retirement.
Do we need to get a 38 state legislative following to bypass congress and ratify the constitution, in order to get what the people want?
Im guessing bernie supporters arent on it..u dont get all your money back u paid in
lel
YOU EOCK BERNIE, KEEP IT UP!!!!
He's not wrong, but only because that's how it's *run*. If run properly, it would not be a Ponzi scheme.
DON'T RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Please just help the Dems win!!
Because the way it is implemented now it actually is a Ponzi scheme. You take money from tax payers now in the "hopes" you can give it back.
FYI context of Cruz's quote:
Yeah he did
I watched the video. I can confirm. Ted Cruz did say the thing.
What a complete horses tail. Complete.
Ted Cruz is a blithering moron.
Isn't our whole economy a Ponzi scheme?
Or a big ole casino
drag him
Everybody else: no, it's not.
It’s definitely a pyramid scheme.
It's so devilishly clever... it could only be... an Amish scheme. #TheAmish
Hardly and many Amish don’t have to participate because they aren’t w2 employees.
