@SenSanders  Climate change played no role in #HurricaneHarvery.  Quit trying to equate singular weather events to climate change.
It was singular. At the exact same time Harvey was parked over Houston, record breaking floods killed 1000s in India and Bangladesh.
And this is unprecedented?
It’s becoming more and more common. How often are we using the phrase “storm of the century” these days?
It's not becoming more common.  Tornado activity has been below average since 2011.  Harvey was first major cane to hit U.S. since 2005.
Unfortunately the US isn’t the only country in the world. The Marshall Islands are disappearing, Alaska’s permafrost is melting, etc
Meanwhile a new sand bar island just sprang up off the coast of N Carolina, and Greenland ice sheet > seasonal averages.  What's your point?
You can say the planet changes, but we are accelerating that change astronomically. The science could not be more clear.
https://youtu.be/T43vc4NZUUc 
Give it up, Bernie. Nobody believes any of the shit you continue to peddle. Remember, you weren't elected. Neither was your boss, Hillary.
The difference is Harvey was real and global warming is your invisible friend.
I would love for YOU to prove that Harvey is result of climate change. That is what you are inferring, correct? #getaclue
Harold! You're alive! And wrong again. What's your problem with Sanders' statement?
....And you don't agree with what he said? No link to Climate Change in all this? No need to know the truth?
Absolutely ZERO connection with a hurricane during hurricane season.  Do some homework Darwin A swat of a fly can be the genesis of a storm
Harold, do you know what POWERS hurricanes? Where they get their ENERGY from?
Yes
(OK, I'll do all the work here.) What do you think POWERS hurricanes? Where do they get their energy from?
Bernie-Our job today: make sure to say the right things. Our job tomorrow: Understand how to blame climate change for political gain.
Our job the day after tomorrow, clean out the garage. Not looking forward to that 
#OurLeader! @neiltyson #climate @WTHFilm @ForksOverKnives
WOW always with the money grab angle and fear mongering. This is a fine example of why people didn’t vote for you. Just pray for HOUSTON.
I’ll assume you do not own a business or work for a living…. given your lack of understanding and tone.
this is by far the coldest summer we have had in New England in years. Global Warming-is a scheme devised to enrich the globalists like you
Nice Z. I chimed in too. Dinosaurs are offended. THEY knew cavemobiles were not what killed them.
I keep wondering if I'm the only one who notices how weird the weather is lately. We've had a tornado in my town EVERY WEDNESDAY this summer
The 2 we didn't, we had storms. This is northern Illinois, not tornado alley.
Climate denying corporate greed is going to kill us all.
Haha. No. It's not.
So, I guess you have a PhD in climatology?
Nope. And I didn't write any of the papers either. Blame the authors for not backing your opinions, not me.
I'm simply pointing out that there is a ton of evidence and support for the position that humans aren't driving and we can't stop it.
Who said don't work towards protecting our environment & health? The narrative and our focus is pigeonholed. Pollution is bigger treat.
If you don't believe in climate change, then you believe God's wrath caused it. Either way, TX GOP is screwed.
Climate change is a hoax. Just ask anyone that doesn't know anything about science.
Really Bernie, like we haven't been devastating hurricanes throughout our history!
Don't tell Donald.
Bengali militants are shooting at ethnic minorities, killing 19 Daignnets and 6 Hindus and more feared dead. 
- Suu Kyi's office
Hi everyone in the thread, v lucky, safe Houston are resident here: STOP ARGUING ABOUT CLIMATE CHANGE FOR A MIN AND ACTUALLY HELP SOMEONE.
(Still a Bernie supporter and high key believe in climate change. We're just tired of being politicized right now.)
He politicized it.
I know that's why I just said to stop arguing and go help people. Politicize it all you want AFTER people have been helped and are safe
Isnt that the point of his tweet? He doesnt mean literally tomorrow,  but after people are safe we're gonna discuss climate change impact
I am talking to *EVERYONE* in the thread. Now isn't the time to be debating climate change. Now is the time to help someone who needs it.
Actually now is the best time. It's easy to put off making decisions for hypotheticals. But when you're experiencing it you can't ignore it.
I'm literally in Houston waiting to take the graveyard shift at a makeshift shelter. I am experiencing it. We need actual help right now.
That's step 2? To get proof for your agenda? Not rebuild? Not rehouse people? Not ensure an influx of goods for people to live on? JeezMCroW
Harvey has nothing to do with #climatechange ... It's God's little way to complain about transgender soldiers. I read that on the Internet!
But it does, d warmer the earth gets, the more violent d storms will get. Heat fuels hurricanes. This is Just d beginning. Stop evading
Storms are not getting worse due to climate change.  Where is the evidence storms are getting worse?  There is none!
Here is the president on that very topic:
Unprecidented doesn't mean this is a new extreme of weather.  Just unprecidented to happen in U.S.
So what's your point then, Greg? That really this is all business as usual?
Yup.  These hurricane's aren't stronger or larger or more frequent.
I thought we'd never had three before in the Atlantic at one time? And that no hurricane had ever sustained 185mph for as long as Irma?
If he waits to talk about climate change and this disaster, people will have already moved on to the next big story. The time is now
I dont know the answer to that. But I do know that almost every nation and climate scientist agreed with the deal. I believe them over you
Science, what you dont understand
Climate change is man made, thats what you disagree with. AKA science...
The climate changes all of the time, and humans have little to do with it!
Please be trolling.
47% of studies believe humans have equal or less impact on climate change than natural forces & therefore are not the primary driving force
47% of what? Of all studies done on climate change? Please prove this or actually link a study.
The same cohort of peer reviewed studies that is cited nonstop w/ 97% of scientists agree!!
328.56% of statistics are made up on the spot.
And yet the entire argument for anthropogenic causes of climate change are based on computer models and statistics.
Disturbing thing is, it doesn't take a scientist or a computer to use logic and reason. Human industry is giving climate change a megaboost.
And ask what's going to be done to protect people against the next one of these.
the natural disasters ravaged constituencies that Clinton won in the last election. Lord protected Trump areas from this horrible situation
wait what???
Oh do pipe down. Any bandwagon will do???
I often think what great strides our country could have made if you were in the oval office now.  <3
Probably none. I like Sanders fine but ppl seem to think he was just going to go in & do whatever. Hello? Republican majority ring a bell?
Yeah Bernie, this is the first hurricane that ever happened. 
This is BS. Why no major hurricanes for the last 10 years???
Using a tragedy to push your faux climate bs is low, Bern. #climatescam
And pay homage to the dead in India and Bangladesh
I agree it's disturbing that flooding & devastation in the US attract more attention than similar tragedies in poorer Asian countries.
The scale in Asia is greater
That's completely unsurprising :-(
With every Prayer comes practical WORK. God works through us! #JoelOsteen @realDonaldTrump is a Fake Christian and donations LMAO!
Your meme is wrong. Need to update
Someone come collect their grandpa!  He's lost.
Weather and climate are two separate things. You have to have heard this rebutted before
98% of scientists agree climate change is man made. Are they #gullible? I'll side with the most educated people on the planet
So you just don't agree with facts that the rational world agrees is common knowledge. Good to know
We love Science and hate Trump
Wow! Insane!
Yep, never was a hurricane or flood before cars... such a tired worn out scam!
There was cancer before cigarettes, too That doesn't mean you smoke a carton a day.
That makes no sense whatsoever! Apples and oranges.
Actually no, he placed your analogy into a different scenario to emphasize that life is not as simple as you want it to be.
Actually kinda is. If I don't want to be in the path of a hurricane, move away from the coast
If you were being sarcastic, I'm sorry for the snark.
Kinda. Live on coast = hurricane Midwest= tornados West Coast earth quakes North= blizzards. Location means everything can't compare 2 cigs
Comparison to cigarettes was in rebuttal to your statement that hurricanes have always happened so climate change has no impact
Go home and shoot some hoops
Old man yells at cloud
No Bernie, your focus is to do all u can to destroy the Right in all ways, the heck with us the ppl. Crawl back in your cript
day drinking again?
When ppl only c the dark side of the moon you can't expect them to c the cleansing of daylight.
Don't bring Pink Floyd into this lady!
Wouldn't know a song of theirs if I heard one.  Doubt if I'd like it but don't know.
Yea you wouldn't like a song from the minute Rodger Waters started his anti-trump tour!
They think you're a laugh but you're really a cry
Don't understand?  No rudeness just don't understand 
" a cry ".   Symbolically I cry for my country, sad 2 c it fall this far down.
8/10 of the hurricanes on this list occurred BEFORE 1970

Did 'climate change' play a role?

Or, is this more about carbon taxes?
NASA > Wikipedia
Yes it did. Climate change has been occurring since the industrial revolution
Yes climate changes over time. But human activity is greatly increasing the rate at which we change. Mountains of scientific data support it
Not denying the fact that we need to take care of the environment. But if you look at contemporary times things are much better. Nov. 1966
It's still getting worse. If we don't commit to 75% renewable by 2050 then there will be no fixing what we've done
the people in Houston won't be worrying about climate change tomorrow.  Probably worried about their families, houses, cars and future
Supported you.... but this is silly and political and unnecessary
If you don't understand or believe climate change, you may want to enroll in some higher education. Online universities are out there

Life is precious, don't take it for granted! 
Texas the home of steaks. 

Will they make the connection that the number 1 cause of climate change = meat. 

I'm not holding my breath x
[#YourLogicIsSaddening]

And there you have it:
Cows cause hurricanes.

#TheScienceIsSettled
& I'm sure all the deforestation it causes is fine too x #blocked
There is no climate Change involved in Hurricanes that has been around for centuries, like Tornadoes, Nor' easters, Rain sunshine cold & hot
YESS!   Absolutely.
Bernie we the people of the United States of America need you!
No wonder you lost the election...
How many people on here that do not know the difference between natural climate change and exacerbated man made climate change is scary
Climate change has nothing to do with it!  Go back and look at the history of hurricanes!  It's cyclical this time of year !  Bernie!
#BERNIEGOHOME

 bull
With the vast experience that you've had, would you please explain the relationship between "Climate change" and a cyclone?
Exactly, even as Trump only came to Houston to stroke his ego at a supporters  rally!
#carbontax
You truly have had way too much seltzer water!!!
Meh. There's probably going to be a whole lot of sh!t to clean up tomorrow. Give it a fortnight before spinning this into your agenda.
What role did climate change have with the creation of a hurricane?  We've been recording hurricanes in the U.S. for 166 years!  I'll wait
lol.  It's a damn hurricane. They happen. Just like rain. And lightning. And all other forms of naturally occurring weather on Earth. Loser.
I'm guessing climate change was also responsible for the 1900 Galveston hurricane that killed 8k 117 years ago climate change did that right
That's exactly right President Sanders!
this is weather.  Weather happens.  First hurricane in Texas since 2008.  Stop politicizing nature as it make you look quite silly.
"...and see how we can profit by the global warming scam "
https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/noaa-n/climate/climate_weather.html … #informyourself
Maybe let's do both today? Some people have already gotten a head start on what you want to do tomorrow:

Wtf and you wonder why nobody over the age of 30 takes you seriously
Demorat motto,Never let a crisis go to waste.Rotten bastards.
Ahhhh yes continue to try and push your bullshit agenda while Houston is in crisis. You're a fraud, you're a fake. #BankFraudBernie
Floods and hurricanes, been going on since Biblical times. Before cars, coal, and crazies like Bernie
You really believe that Climate change garbage? I'm not even mad that @HillaryClinton cheated you out of the nomination,#TooDumbToBePOTUS
Climate change God sending us a message
51" of rain and 15" coming. I wonder if there are any climate change deniers living in Texas now?
Oh Bernie. The sun cycle controls climate.
Houston is at sea level stupid. You know, raining....


@1971sophia what if the climate change hoax played no part? We have been besieged by dangerous storms for at least centurys
Thank you, Senator. The right priorities in the right order.
Same strength hurricane in 1935 "Labour Day" what caused that one???
Go read an economic text book.
Bernie I can help you there. NONE
Please retire
Climate change is a natural phenomenon, not man made. It did NOT play a role in Harvey. I'm from Houston & know BS when I hear it.
None... There, study finished.
Your 'flawed' opinion.
Job......  As in actual work? Is that a joke or what? Maybe you mean 'inside job'
Seep bah ,,, as Texans work to save each other,,,,Texas Tough
If climate change is more important today, please tell me what made the glaciers melt that formed our northern states.
Can't wait to see how it is "proven" how climate change caused or intensified Harvey. #GettingMyPopcorn #LiberalFascism
you libs gonna be first ones to say fire up the coal after a nuclear winter happens from a large meteorite or supervolcano!! Lol

That could be why only 28% of Americans think climate scientists understand climate change
The universe bends towards harmony, seeing that we only show that after disasters what will we get more of? Change our consciousness now.
You've lost your damn fool mind
Whatever, lying socialist :(
Nobody listened to Gore and now Earth is going down the toilet.
If you can save all the lives in ONE day, you should have won. Right @nchoutea? 
Understanding climate change isn't going to solve anything, Uncle Bernie.
We pretty much understand  that in 1968 we determined there was a 0.2 percent chance we'd see this size of hurricane.
We need to evaluate at what point do we realize that it's time to update the infrastructure of the city to accommodate these floods?
You can blame it on climate change, but it's changing. Ok, lower gas emissions and shit is necessary but so is the habitual adjustment.
weather happens. hurricanes are part of weather. Sometimes they are very destructive. 1000s of years this been happening. 
It's definitely ironic so many refiners are affected by it.
Decades of screwing everyone via lack of infrastructure played a large role.
Yeah. No. You're only half right.
Well said.
whatever Trump does now it can not change our opinion on him as the whole world knows his racist arrogant & Nazi attitude
Fuck me! Bernie Sanders says something useful!
Bank Fraud Bernie. Climate change had nothing to do with Mother Nature.
Global warming isn't why thousands of Texans are homeless!! It was because of a hurricane but you're not smart enough to see that are you.


Pretty sure hurricanes have been around for decades
Hurricanes, yes. But the historic rainfall that occurred, no. The correlation is premature but a lot of scientific evidence behind global...
... warming supports this.
There are some things we, as mere humans, cannot control.

Darn! If only you thought about that in 1900 with the Cat 4 Great Galveston Hurricane of 1900. Keep pushing the climate change nonsense.
But @POTUS said climate change doesn't exist he wouldn't be telling a lie now would he?...
Bernie Sanders wouldn't exist if his followers worked!!
@Varneyco Bernie supporters lost their lawsuit.
Thank you for your care and wisdom @SenSanders
Never let a tragedy go to waste... always turn it into something political !    #Schmuck
No need to wait till tomorrow:
Or Geo engineering
So talk politics without saying you're talking politics
wayyy ahead of you
The Earth is not designed to last forever!
Yes Mr President. Yes.
If the scientists are wrong but we go with sustainable energy anyway, we end up with cleaner air and water.
If the #climatedeniers are wrong but we continue burning fossil fuel anyway, we end up destroying the planet.
Even someone that does not belive in #climatechange should be able to understand the concept of hedging.
@SenSanders your Tweet should have ended after the first sentence if you want people to take you seriously
our job in 2020, make sure that you're not the nominee
How the hell did you ever become Senator?
Two days, I believe. Our job tomorrow is securing a relief plan to restore the affected areas. In two days, we can think of how we got here.
Americans need SE. #NAFTA idle? #innovative minds idle? Who profits from poverty? Who profits from chaos, man made or natural? Need SE?
Thank you for saying this. Understanding context is so important if we want to avoid this kind of tragedy again.
I believe in climate change, but please don't use hurricanes as the catalyst. This from NASA:
https://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Features/RisingCost/rising_cost5.php …
And another one from NOAA. The first bullet point in the grey area:
https://www.gfdl.noaa.gov/global-warming-and-hurricanes/ …
Americans elected a president who thinks climate change is a hoax created by Chinese scientists!
funny thing these people will rebuild in the same spot and 30 years from now we will do this all over again
Yeah yeah, sure Bernie.... how many people did Vermont send to help Texas??  Right.  Now as to Sarsour...
Bernie you never stop flapping your gums about climate control.. Can you explain what Climate control is???
Climate change cannot be controlled by man because man does not alter the climate.
Thus, nothing to do tomorrow. Climate change bullshit is so 2016. Tomorrow we are #Trump2020
Bernie...we've had bad hurricanes for thousands of years now. How about we focus on how to prepare people for natural disasters instead...+
...of blaming them on "climate change".
You are insane !

I thought the key was to make sure that @POTUS @realDonaldTrump had a full crowd for his rally?! #ClimateChangeIsReal
... and redesign the watermanagement system of the city. I understand it is outdated and buildings in all the wrong places.
And people say President Trump says dumb things on Twitter, why don't we make sure we save every life possible before you push your agenda
Agree with this but it is crazy to pull out of Paris Agreement.

Other than squeezing & scaring tax payers... Nothing.
Exactly right.
We can't control the weather but we can control flooding and droughts with a water pipe line system. Please think on the possibilities.
BULLSHIT
6 of the 10 worst hurricanes in US history occurred before 1945, another in the 60's. Stop politicizing natural disasters w/ BS, BS.
Always pushing your agenda your big news your break laws your fake everything
Finish your broth and go to bed.
SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK
Warm surface water= more energy and more moisture making hurricanes potentially more powerful and carrying a lot of water.
Nice of you to "take one day" to make sure lives are saved! Good God you spent three months talking  about Russia! @foxandfriends @POTUS
We have been having Hurricanes in Texas since the 1800's.  Do a little research instead of politicizing Harvey and the people of Houston
Ur a  huge fool  climate ? What the hell is that dummy
You are basically Pat Robertson. You understand that, right?
AMEN.
This is quite possibly the most idiotic statement ever made, or the most shameless political grandstanding ever, not sure which
Your job is to get a clue.
Please run as an independent & do not caucus with the Democrats. You ran in 2016 to keep Hillary out of office. You made empty promises.
IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP IMPEACH TRUMP
Reading some of these replies, it's amazing how stupid (and/or dishonest) the liberal faithful can be.
There has been a 70% reduction in Cat 4 landfall hurricanes in the last yrs exactly opposite what #AlGore has told us for yrs
conditions and climate change, or warm air, or melting glaciers, or rising sea water isn't one of them!  Let's use some brain cells!!
CONCUR!
Right it's climate change and not the weather.
LMFAO "climate change" old #BankFraudBernie at it again.
https://www.forbes.com/sites/larrybell/2013/02/05/in-their-own-words-climate-alarmists-debunk-their-science/ …
Climate change played no role because as scientists say no single weather event is evidence of climate change.
Your followers' job: Blame Hillary.
And Beaumont
So, every flood since the dawn of man including Noah's Ark must have been attributable to GW? You're a despicable, socialist imbescile.
