What's courageous about promising everything 4 free? NOTHING!It's weak,cowardly,defies reality&is even DESTRUCTIVE! Socialist demagoguery!
And you clearly haven't read any of the economic plans Bernie has proposed or you wouldn't be spouting ridiculous stuff
I have read! AND clearly U, norBernie understand economics.His social, fiscal plans based on fantasy,bad math.Even Lib NYT pointed this out!
What's not to understand? http://www.levyinstitute.org/pubs/wp_778.pdf 
The 1 problem in your "memes" is they completely ignore inflation.Don't see how u can keep injecting $$ w/o "inflation" bubble somewhere.
3/If for example there's a population boom, it wouldn't be inflationary to increase fiscal spending on schools & training more teachers.
But I do differ on ur last statement in its scope. Pop booms are generational-long. Economic cycles often half that or less.
Thanks for continuing to speak out! The COLLUSION that happened during 2016 affected your campaign GREATLY! I wish America could do a RE-DO
The collusion that affected Bernie was not from drumpf! That was DNC WASSERMAN-Schultz, Brazille, HRC, PODESTA , mills, mook! #tulsi2020
I know this Tweet has already proven to be 100% untrue! Trump has colluded w/Russia & Soon all evidence will be public! DNC was hacked
#2 By the Russians! The continued ignorance of those who either refuse to see this are not looking at what is right in front of their eyes!
No im looking, I just don't care that the corrupt DNC emails were hacked. They deserved to be exposed too bad wasn't enough 4 Bernie 2 win!
It doesnt really matter that you think the DNC is corrupt because I dont agree on that point. The confusing part is you still say you wanted
#2 @SenSanders to win & he was representing the DNC. Anyhow the whole DNC is not corrupt. A few bad appointed doesn't ruin the whole batch!
The whole batch is bad, that's why Tulsi resigned! #TulsiGabbard2020
Being dependent on government is not taking care of people.  Trump will fulfill his promises the right way
We are not dependant on gov't we pay For it it is about time our taxes gave us our $'s worth!
I hope YOU understand YOU also lie.
While we have prof 45 lied constantly & continues to do so find me proof that Bernie did ?

We can play that game! http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/ … See who lies more?
Now you are dabbling in #Relativism. All politicians lie. As my first post mentioned, Bernie is also a liar. Yes, Trump lies too.
But I thought Trump was different? Not a politician? Tells it like it is?

Funny how defending him is now "all politicians do it".
Well yes. He is a politician with some cruel business dealings and background. The story here is Bernie Sanders though. Just another liar.
They pay him off . How he get get way House , new car.
I make more money than he does and I can’t afford to buy two more houses. Especially a vacation home for $600.000.
How about your get away in N H ?
Progressive Dem voters didn't vote for Trump because we thought he do anything he said. We took nuclear option to destroy her and the party.
And what do you stand ready to replace it with?  Playing right into Russian hands.  Rube.
Single Payer.
But not a replacement for the party
The party won't change until millions stand up for fundamental principles like healthcare as a right. Millenials and baby boomers both
But you seem to forget that the only progress ever made - go back decades - on health care came from the Dems against fierce R opposition
You ran for President and promised free ins college to all those people. You drop them like hot cakes took their money and endorse Hillary and you calling President Trump a liar, calling kettle black.
We have GREAT rural healthcare. We aren't confused about health-care-insurance scam vs REAL healthcare.
THE STREET LEVEL CONSPIRACY! 

E-BOOK 
https://www.amazon.com/Street-Level-Conspiracy-Decide-Judge-ebook/dp/B071V5C2XB …

HARD COPY 
https://www.amazon.com/Street-Level-Conspiracy-Decide-Judge/dp/1539665771 …

Enjoy!
Bernie, you are promising naive people things you can never deliver. What do you call that?
Promising people free things you can never deliver, is also a lie, Bernie.
Not he wasn't. You were the liar. Give our donations to your campaign back to us!
They will not until their children & parents die from lack of healthcare. Maybe not even then because alt-facts, ie LIES, are popular.
Why would an individual lose health care if they're paying for it? It's only the free version that they may lose
Specifically, current trumpcare enables insurance to refuse coverage. More reasons - if needed, just say.
Well it is insurance, just like any other business they reserve the the right or refusal to sell you a policy.
Basically, all Trump's arguments are a big lie.

Foxconn's $10 BILLION factory and 13,000 NEW JOBS in Wisconsin (July 26, 2017) was TRUMP's doing. Working ppl love TRUMP!
Trump's doin some great things he's stopping conflict that we can't afford mainstream media just slanders him but he's doin what we need
You sir, are fraud. If you want wealth redistribution, start by giving some of your wealth away. Talk the talk but don't walk the walk.
Do you also have a problem when wealth is redistributed to the rich, as in GOP health plan? Or only this way?

Citation Required (*) ... realizing, of course, you can state whatever you like - it's still hearsay until you truly cite real research.
Bernie represents the hospitals only. He's more concerned wether or not the hospitals are making money.
Trump painted these people a picture of a dystopian USA  and then presented himself as the only person who can save them Will they wake up?
That is so true. Well said!
Thank You!
Bernie, you need to stop pointing fingers and making accusations. Worry about your own lies. People who live in glass houses????
Hillary Clinton never even stood up for working people! Single Payer will never happen; TPP, NAFTA, Wall st! BLAME HER!
. 

President Trump Has107-Million Followers Across All Mass Media

Morning Joe Rating2.1 out of 10

Bernie Followers5.3-Mil

.
Yeah because # of followers equal facts -- do you hear my Sarcasm ? What is popular isn't always right what is right isn't always popular!
T'luaranoko

I respect your opinion

I notice that you are part of the "resistance"

What are you resisting

And how will it help my life 
Trump supporters don't understand ten times zero = zero... all they see are the 10 things he promised Not the zero he delivered.
Well Trump has only been if office a few months Obama did Nothing in 8 years unless u think the Iran Deal, Solar, Obamacare etc was great
Yeah that's why he's scrapping or renegotiating NAFTA. Because he wants less jobs for those people. Give it a long long rest, old man.
Hey young punk Old Man Trump and Bernie had the same policies on Nafta. Pay attention.
I'm done arguing with the elderly today. 
Bernie was never anti-NAFTA. Boom I win.
You can't be serious. Boom, you win, for dumbest comment of the day. NAFTA/TPP were one of Bernie's biggest campaign issues.
Nah it wasn't. Healthcare and trying to convince everyone he wasn't a communist were his biggest
Thank you Bernie. Please keep up what you are doing as you are exactly right about this President.
Vincent and Andrew And Mike PO Agree with Bernie Sanders
you are the only lie, shut up and retire #SellOutSanders
Sadly, I fear, most will choose to believe his spin.
Crackpot @SenSanders, what are you whinning about ? You get to keep your obamacare. Shouldn't you be celebrating?
And it was a lie when you said Hillary was unqualified. Sit down.
You inspire me! We all must rise up! Read.speak. Do!
Mr. Sanders it is sad to say those people rarely keep informed of anything, react defensively and detest any thing different
Go away.
I still wish it was you... #feelthebern
@tdance love you Sen Sanders
I hope elitist socialist liberals understand that "keep your doctor, keep your plan, save $2500" was a deliberate lie. #Obamacarerepeal
funny how a guy who never worked a real job is supposed to be for working class
You know Bernie Sanders has laid the groundwork for Elizabeth Warren to come in and Conquer All sweep in a progressive wave to both Chambers
They most probably don't
And the ones he is fulfilling You are obstructing him...
Everything he said was a lie, more to come
You and the other dumb DEMS stop working against him.   Even though he is still doing a great job.
We did barney and that's why in NV u lost and he lost.
Why are you retweeting the lies of a dishonest charlatan & grifter like Sanders?
Your the LIE!  You want to bring socialism you fool!  God has a place for you

Government interference doesn't create jobs either.
Bernie and Jane are now playing the sexist victim card against law enforcement.

What a joke!
Bernie told the truth about healthcare, we need hope, we need Medicare for all. Demand CBO analysis of Medicare for all
Actually it isn't bernie. Your the only liar and fraud here in America. Go back to bank fraud it appears it's what you do best
Voted for you, Bernie but I wish Trump well in Exposing Deep State/Shadow Gvt/Clinton Cabal https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jt7Z3XFrzOg …
I don't remember you caring about all the lies Obama told. Strange.
The only one who lied is you!!!!
You need to stay out of politics. Your career will be better for it. Or you can leave the great university. Either way. I'm ok
Bernie you don't believe in people working remember, you want the govt to give them handouts.  You sir are a lying fool and so is your wife!
Look at the job report stupid
Sort of like what you tell your Vermont voters
They don't care , that's why try are rural and uneducated
Tell us about your personal healthcare plan, please.  
Remind them. Thanks to Journalism, they are ALL on tape.
I hope liberals understand that you are a thief and a patsy.
Republicans are 4 the RICH, only care about lowering there taxes, not ours,and polluting the environment.  Dems were always for women & poor
Such a lie, he's RICH!  He craps on a gold toilet.  Coal miners and poor ppl, HES NOT FOR YOU!! He's for erasing everything 44 did
May we have that bronze sculpture of @SenSanders  <3 <3
I for one hope they know that everything coming out of his mouth is a lie, or at least extremely biased. mostly lying though
Keep it coming Bernie! Donald Trump only cares about himself and those who can help him. What can we do? Democrats are frozen now.
It appears ignoring the truth is just as much a problem across party lines.
I hope you understand your tweets don't mean anything
Bank fraud!
Trump supporters have bird shit for brains!
Absolutely true
Release your tax returns. What are you hiding?
If you all get off your lazy butt and work to pass something maybe we get something done. Not sure you will win next vote. Your state u lack
You are one of the problem with getting your own state said you haven't done nothing for them. Why? If you don't how can you call Trump lie
What you do take money from all your supporters and lie. You know free college and health care is notpossible. We r not a Communist Country
They will vote for @realDonaldTrump again any day of the week, old communist
Attorneys delay in order to force them to let it go or they went bankrupt. He stiffed people for as little as $50.00. Trump as loser, a fake
Business owners in his everday life. In his wake are thousands of men,women he contracted with who were never paid. He used his 2/3
A lie Bernie? Your whole campaign was a lie. You sold out for a house. How can anyone take you seriously?
Trim supporter were conned by a flim flam conman. His past business practices are a great indicator of that. Trump screws small  1/3
If Congress paid back all the money they "borrowed" from social security with interest, there would be no mention of cuts to Medicare.
Making $7 an hour os not enough so we must rais Mw to #15 ph then tax at 50% so everyone is left with $7.50 per hour because thats economics
The Republicans and Donald Trump are doing us no good when it comes to risking lives by kicking millions of Americans off of Healthcare.
Forget about the Trumpcare and the Republicans, we can go against them and move forward on saving millions of American lives
What we need in this country is mayors, governors, Democrats and independents working together to provide healthcare for everyone.
Trump's policies destroys the core of American values and weakens the American people and Donald Trump is a destructionist.
Deep cuts to Medicare and Medicaid and social security will be devastating in this country and that is something we cannot accept.
Donald Trump's betrayal to his followers will cost him his reelection which of course he can lose all of his supporters and voters.
Working Americans realize that it is Bern & Congress delaying help & refusing to move forward on America FIRST agenda, 2018 voter revolt
You go Bernie !
Sure this Free Stuff Sounds Great but everyone knows u have to pay for it and the US is about to fall off a cliff if we don't cut spending
Bernie Start telling the Truth about Where Obamacare Heading if not stopped or Replaced it's a Terrible Bill it's Going Broke Fast get facts
What is not a lie about everything this jackal says?
Next time you see Bernie that's suppose to be for poor people & ask him HOW Much he is WORTH
NO Bernie you are telling the LIES to BUY VOTES we are 20 TRILLION Dollars in Debt & it's only going up Bernie is the 1% he talks bad about
Like sending our jobs and tax dollars overseas helped them.
There it is again. You SOUND like a progressive but your actions say otherwise. PROSECUTE the DEM party election fraud!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bernie he is doing everything he says he just has obstructionist like you standing in his way
Trump supporters in [ ] do not believe that what Trump said about [ ] was a lie, 
 [ ] substitute any location, any statement/lie
Kinda like you said you wouldn't quit!  And then you backed the one who #cheated you out of being our #President So you are a hypocrite!
Sanders and the rest of his bunch belong in North Korea. That's what they will turn this country into
It's all out of spite from the socialist and dems because they lost Trumps doesn't have the long time politician stench on him.
All I see is a man trying to do what he said he would do and a bunch of dumbasses pushing against him to make him look bad
Now there's a group of forward thinkers
We don't any uncle bernie to tell us we are wrong because his ass is still chapped from a Hillary spanking
Us simple minded people in rural states. Believe it or not we are smart enough to know we elected the right person to office. You lost
Everything he says is a lie.  That's all he knows.
The problem is that they understand and don't care; they still support him.
I don't understand why they don't get this. Why do they continue to stick up for him.
Us people in the rural states feel the Democrats have crapped on us for a long, long time.
Just 'Fake News' as a family trend, nothing unusual for Trumps
So sad we have so many easily conned, mis-informed, and easily manipulated by #PresidentConMan #PresidentBlowHard #WorsePresidentEver
problem is, the same thing can be said of HRC and the DNC
Sorry Bernie I see more people having opportunities to go to work.  Do you bleieve every presidential candidate kept there word? #history
#DNCFraudLawsuit  #Demexit DemExitForever
I want you Bernie bots to understand that Bernie is a subversion movement for the un Democratic evil vile one.Both party are corrupted Green
Bernie is the best thing that happened to the Trump campaign...Nader redux
You wife defrauded ppl. Your daughter pd 1/2 million a year to teach wood shop in wife's college.  You can't afford to throw stones
Nice rhetoric senator...how about we work on unity instead of division? Just an idea...
His supporters are your supporters...
Show us one thing you have accomplished as a public servant in decades of milking the public to buy 3 houses.  You are the big LIE!
Morning Joe has no right to say anything it's just gonna be us third marriage and now he's changed his tune as a Republican
Um nope
Show your work or admit it's rhetoric! #FuckTheOligarchy
Bernie all your socialist clap trap u spew on a daily basis is a big lie. Americans are waking up to your statist lies and deceit
If you really cared about the American people, you wouldn't be pushing Socialism. If that's your goal, move to a Socialist Country! #Loser
Said by the man that stole money from a bank and college students
I wish I could share this on Facebook.
Bernie thinks the government has all the money. He acts like a spoiled teenager, always wanting more $ from the parents (government)
Let's emphasize individual responsibilities, and not rights.
Bernie's idea put more burden on tax payers.
Bernie is not speaking up for working class, but for free-loaders of the society. He will destroy a productive nation.
Thank you Bernie.
Fuck them. They need to learn from their mistakes. Just because he tells them it's fake news doesn't mean they have to trust him blindly
T. meant that if taxes reduced on the Rich then investment in economy rises, giving jobs to the poor. Tsk! No brainer. @StewartShapley
What was a lies is Obama with his Shity Obamacare
Going to Joe & Mika to get your message the best slant possible. Hoped you would do better than that
All Billionaires eventually betray hard working Americans.
I do hope that they are starting to realize that they were duped by a con man and pathological liar. But Dems must run on progressive policy
Among just about everything else except what benefits corporate exploiters who want an edge around clean, air, water
Hey Bernie, how is your Fraud case going? Wanna talk about lying to the american people? Maybe your gal pal @HillaryClinton can help you!?
Sure was!
He's never really worked a day in his life, if you think about it.
I hope so too. The sooner the better.
When he said, "I love the poorly educated" they were so happy....Misunderstanding what that meant.
Well since Hillary was lying to you about adopting your views after the DNC, we were doomed to have a lair either way.
Actually, so far @realDonaldTrump is the ONLY 1 to be upholding all of his promises. Remains ONE thing left to do is to jail Crooked Hillary
He promised to drain the swamp, protect the working class, and that there was no collusion with Russia.  That's checkmate, gin, and Yahtzee.
do you actually believe the things you say? I say you don't. You're just after votes to stay in office. #greedyastherestofthem
Go away you fool. Your whole career has been a con.
If he's trying to cut govt spending, and bring companies and jobs back to the US, then it wasn't a lie
That's a lie Bernie
You are absolutely right! I misread that. I am a Bernie supporter. My mistake.
I honestly think there are bots on my feed. I don't even recall seeing or retweeting that. Again apologies!
You are exactly right, I see tweets suppose to be mine I know I didn't tweet some things I see, it is a little disconcerting!
Like the Democrats stand for working people, for the past 8 years we have been nothing but screwed
They don't want to understand, they are brainwashed
All of you politicians are liars, yall say what you think the people want to hear just to win and get that bigger paycheck
So, how's the new house and car? Doing well I suppose? Your wife's investigation going just as well?
I really loved your campaign and ideas but could never figure out how the freebees were going to be paid.
Let's guess, higher taxes....
Do you understand, Bernie, that Everything Hillary Clinton said was a LIE? And she used Election Fraud against those of us who voted for You
Really than why has he created more jobs in 6 mths and the Stock market is booming. He's winning and ur melting.  @JoeABCNews @morningmika
This is so much better than Russia bullshit.
They do. They're not dumb.
Now, I'm Watching Joe.
it's hard to understand that a percentage of Americans are happy to let people die because they begrudge them public funds.
But your wife is under investigation for bank fraud....
Bernie: are any of your homes close to working people?
Do you understand TRUMP is only voice of 50 million Americans I understand since election left has shown unbelievable hatred for right wing
Bernie, the only person you stand for is yourself! Anything to get ahead in politics! The President certainly stands for the American people
I understand congress subpoenaed emails DESTROYED Hillary sold Uranium to Russia gave 50 mil to foundation
Thank you
http://yt2fb.com/scary-ghost-prank-by-aram-bagh-vines-prank-in-pa/ …
You are suffering from a delusion #TheRealDonaldTrump is doing everything I have wanted #maga
Bernie knows how to address the Trump menace, unlike establishment dems
Y'all lie, Morning Joe, Bernie and The Media.
If you get out of one of your mansions you'll see rural America is starting to come back. It's not about the city dwellers all the time
