More like #BernieFSB
You went there sir LOL

The "United States" isn't real!! There are no lines drawn around borders, they only exist because someone with a lot of money said they do!
 you are not a country without Borders. There has to be some tracking of citizens for benefits such as Medicare and Social Security.eh ok
TRUTH: the recipients of these social designs benefit FAR LESS from these programs than the designers of them. You can't justify greed
There really is no place in the world that doesn't have borders. How would you do taxes Social Security benefits Medicare or govt services?
Damn, if we ever manage to get Medicare for all, here will have to be some type of tracking just for health care benefits. Get serious.
#BernieFSB
You mean like a zionist global cabal CARBON TAX which will tax us 2DEATH & do NOTHING 2 end weather modification geoengineering chem trails?
What are you doing? Debating the Republican health bill? So many of us have so much to lose and you do this.
JOKE WHITE-Nationalist leading thanks 2 @PutinRF_Eng greater efforts n show of forces
Trump, Bannon, Palin, and Carson all campaigning in Bama we need #Resistance to support @GDouglasJones for Sessions seat to #FlipItBlue
They know the fight is on and a #Democrat has the best chance here evere
Oh Bern, you and your fortune cookie platitudes. Let's talk about why you run ads on Breitbart. #BernieFP
The United States must seek partnerships not just between governments, but between peoples. #BernieFP
Then start by forming a partnership w the Democratic Party instead of trashing it #NoBernieFP #SaveACA NOW! #ProtectOurCare #ProtectDREAMers
That is a really sick ideal!
There has to be some kind of hole 
This guy can go and jump into!
Freebe freebe, politics of the past.
Well, that's not what the MILITARY INDUSTRIAL CARTELS want to hear from our leaders! Thank you for bringing some sanity to the discourse!
You told us it was our revolution.  Well we heard you loud & clear. Too bad you can't help.  It would be so much better.
Nice
Our Government must partner with #Truth & #Transparency, also a part of  of Foreign Policy. We need @JulianAssange /@wikileaks #BernieFP
Stop tweeting and move. Tired of ur crap
Bernie do you think that is something new? All the exchange programs does just that. As well as 100k's that come here for edu and visits.



But not with Russia, right?
With falsehoods in social values, it becomes harder to make friends with other societies please remain dealing with corruptible politicians
And Unicorns
Congratulations on your Honorary Doctorate in Poltical Science!  Awesome speech on the importance of foreign policy.  #OfByForThePpl
QT @SenSanders: The United States must seek partnerships not just between governments, but between peoples.
UR a Joke.
What the heck does that mean? Gibberish. Go to Syria, like Tulsi did, you coward and speak to the victims of Obama's war. Or to Libya.
If governments and UN continue as they do (paralysed unworkable) very soon most will agree to scrap them all.
Then stop feeding into the polarization.  great statement and needs to happen, but help find common ground. Not diatribe other groups
our Congress is broken,  our courts and justice system are broken,  our law enforcement is broken.  First thing is first.
we honestly can't do anything until we clean out the spy ring & corruption in Congress. That's the priority.
Get outta here Bernie!! Next you'll be saying world peace is a real possibility!!!
the united states must seek partnerships with the people and not the top 1%
Like your wife "partnered" with a bank?  The FBI WANTS TO KNOW.
Speech at Green Foundation (Westminister College) was the speech that should have been given at the UN. Thanks  Bernie
"The United States?"  You mean the oligarchs who are running the neocon Foreign Policy script which you, ultimately, endorse?!
solidarity across national boundaries! 
Except for Russia right? Because they are scary boogie men who somehow hacked our election which is so much more plausible than HRC sucks.
If you really believe that, lift all the sanctions from every country. Only the people are harmed, not the leadership.
Bernie - You will NEVER make a positive difference in today's America.  Sincerely,  Hillary Clinton  #bernieFP
Hilary tried that and made millions
I am so disgusted with all the corruption that is government. I feel scared for my son in this world in years to come.
#bankfraudbernie
"Selling socialism" smh.
like your partnership with Hillary $$$$$$$$$$
well ya if we stop blowing them up and went to places where the people asked us for help instead of places they did not ask
But yet you are against all republicans. #StopSeparation

#BankFraudBernie
I'm thinking ic they don't think like you there will be no partnership
Go to sleep old man you create less trouble that way.
Healthcare, taxes DACA ALL 2 keep the WORLD preoccupied while SATAN tries 2 pull off evil plot 2 use military against THE LORD!
How can you tweet this but want to force government healthcare on us? You're a hypocritical old commie that needs to go awaty!
This coming from a pure socialist. Who has had only 1 job in his life. And his wife who is up for fraud. Nice fucking people.
That's what .@realDonaldTrump is doing He will be well deserving of a #NobelPeacePrize #MAGA
Yeah Bernie we know but you have to kind of get permission from governments which r sovereign to partner up with peoples within borders. Duh
Exactly! Violence is not the answer and shouldn't be our first instinct any longer. Let's work together people!
How many years have we tried talking to them???
Yeah, tell me about it. I don't want trump representing me.
And let them walk all over us like the previous administration?
No thank you
I don't think it behoves us to form partnerships with psychotic, authoritarian dictators, who slaughter their own people like cattle.
I find it ironic that the US have trained and armed these people. The military industrial complex wins again!
Defense contractors bank on US trained allies and rogue groups that break off from them. Also, some allies today might be enemies tomorrow.
Where is your partnership. It seems to all about you and the dems.
Then you and Hillary needs to stop finger-pointing and acting like Humpty Dumpty. Work together and rid us of him!
Well, is it fair to assume that you would just pay top taxpayer $$$$  to seek these "partnerships". The promise of $$ will get you that vote
Every single member of a society must sacrifice for another in order for the whole structure to stand

Show us your taxes!!
He did. Donald was the one who still hasn't shown his :)
How about starting with BLM & local police forces. If you can pull that off I'll vote for you Bernie. All talk no action.
Communist Bernie
Agreed, so lets partner up on removing  YOU from office!
And always twirling twirling towards freedom
To bad you can't fit in here commie !
Like your 'partnership' with the DNC? Go away you sell-out.
This tweet will have to wait until 2020 to even be plausible with a @POTUS who makes up countries.
Heck YES!
Comunist lairs you never hav solucions only destruccion on people no values
Not at the expense of our safety and wellbeing.
I don't believe Bernie statement has anything to do with foregoing safety and well-being. We were given brains and should use them.
The Government is an oligarchy dominated by both Democrats and Republicans who serve the interests of the 1% That's why I'm #Green! 
If green were a majority we would see the same behavior.
Great speech. Love  u Sen Sanders
#BernieSandersIsFakeNews
#BankFraudBernie Is your wife still stealing from colleges?
also between "peoples" that want to destroy your freedom and progression ??
Trump tried to make a point that every country needs to look out for its interests first. Partnering with other countries is doing just that
Then shrink the government.
Republicans talk a big game about "shrinking the government" while they expand the worst parts of it.
I don't agree with my own ilk 1/2 the time.  So with that said, piss off.
#BankruptBernie: WTF does that mean? You're blathering more today than normal. Must be covering up something. Nervous? #NutJob!
I can agree with that. As long as the people aren't as fucking retarded as their countries.
A "truthful politician" is as much of a contradiction as politics itself. The Russians undermined "democracy"; DEMOCRACY IS BROKEN #WakeUp
That’s weird because Bernie and his Bros alienate themselves from people they more or less agree with.
Open the borders and let all in! We need to feed, shelter, and cloth the world! Give till it hurts and then share everything you own!
No wonder putin wanted u to win
Bernie , you need to run.
we the people love individual liberties and freedoms. no socialism for us.
We the people have the liberty and freedom to collectively take care of each other because that best serves ourselves as well.
If you have a problem with civilized society, you can move out into the boonies and do your own thing. We promise to leave you alone.
Amen!!!!
Umm.  Ok.
