That's why we need to get rid of Obamacare. Millions and millions either no longer have access to healthcare or can't afford it!
Donald trump has removed any advertising for ppl to sign up for the ACA. He's literally sabotaging healthcare for millions. Ppl will die.
It was dying b4 he was even President! My Dr.'s friend was on the ACA committee. They new this would happen. Didn't care. Kicked the can!
They knew. Always knew it wasn't perfect. Trump helping die faster death. No healthcare body approves of current plan. Not good 4 Americans
No, they knew it would run out of money and kicked the can to the next President. That is disgusting!
It's trump's burden. He will sign anything as long as "Obamacare" goes away. He is disgusting. The authors of this are as well. Why not fix?
Do you have any idea how much "pork" is ACA? It is a ridiculously over-burdened piece of legislation. Google it!
There can be FIXED!
My hospital is a no turn away policy
That's like St .Judd hospital they don't turn anyone down:)
Lots of hospitals here inCA
It seem to me ,when I lived in California there where hospitals that took people that didn't have any health insurance:)
Yep
I wished I still lived in California:)
Why did you move
My family moved out of California ,and I couldn't afford to stay there :)
Then let this shit Die. I thought you were the one sane voice only to find you're just out for yourself. Just like the rest of them.
Our democracy is gone. You people have created so many good things for your own selves and you've screwed the people.
Had Bernie Sanders Health Care seen the future, I'd have moved to Canada.
1-Basic logic tells you that most of us here lived before Obamacare and did OK. What was needed were a few fixes, but Dems take over the-
The Wall St system is bankrupting American households and the government. Plz read. https://www.google.com/search?biw=360&bih=284&ei=_gjEWd6aM4GkjAODyqaoCA&q=health+cost+bankrupting+america …
1-Read some of the articles and don't see how capitalism is the problem. Not crony cap, but real capitalism. 20-30k pages of regs, over-
