You know the system is rigged when our government gives away a cancer drug to a Chinese billionaire http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/salubris-liver-cancer-drug_us_5989d2d3e4b0d793738a5f1e?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol
NB: drug makers = drug dealers
Yes! So deregulate the market, thus breaking the link between the corporation and the state! #FreeMarket
So how about you draft us a damn bill there Bern??? How long have you been a senator? Where are the major pieces of progressive legislation?
Hey Matt, Bernie has drafted amendment to lower drug cost.
At the young age of....70+ ????? 

We all procrastinate I guess 
Just a little history for you , but keep moving that goal post.

https://m.sevendaysvt.com/vermont/down-on-the-pharm/Content?oid=2127723 …

https://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/senate-backs-drug-importation …
You posted 2 articles, 4 years apart, where Sanders barely manages to get an amendment passed...he is mostly talking big. Where is progress?
Sanders is very outspoken, but the idea that he is an effectual senator? Nah man.
Hey Matt, I didn't feel like chasing down every piece of legislation so here you go
Nor should you, Bernie, with his decades upon decades of "service" should have a plethora of legislation to choose from bud
Sure it is !
Have you introduced legislation to address this problem?  Trump tweets.  We need more. #oneofus?
Pharmaceuticals here in the US will not let cancer be cheered no matter what they make too much money from it wake up America
Then what kickbacks would you reap? #BankFraudBernie
,there were quite a fewdems thatvoted againstimporting cheaper drugs from other country's. Lots of big pharma gifts 2 them 
We dont need health insurance. We need healthcare.
That means you want single payer so the government can tell you when you live and die not a good solution
Actually authoritarianism and the collapse of oil prices.
Why the liberal is not talking about the investigation.  The law don't apply the same to these corrupt politicians
WHEN?
You will do nothing about it because you talk about the government when you're the government.  Why did you give it away.
Education for u, Capitalism gave us greatest Hcare. When drug co. fails on 9 of 10 new drugs, they pay.  Can't default like your VT College
AWW did they stop giving you campaign contributions after the wife lost 7 million and cant find it
But, you don't have a feasible plan that will work.  All hot air, Senator.
Take more money home.
If you are for the avg person, why were you the only one to vote against lower drug prices? The big pharmas buying you another beach house.
Not sure where you heard that but here is where he's at.
The days of politicians gouging Americans by lining their pockets w/ taxpayer money must end also

Fraud must end too
If you want to fix anything that is not working.  Limit how much the lawyers can make and don't allow them to hire other lawyers and milk us
Make drug cos pay for all rehab treatments
Isn't it illegal for companies to inflate costs because they have the market i.e.: health insurance and pharmaceutical companies?
Obama care only thing USA helped me with. Disabled 17+ yrs no disability SS. Sure I'd get better sold Antiq made 5000 1YR got worse lost SSD
You've been silent for awhile...please continue. Tx
Drug makers make drugs to make money.  That's how innovation happens, with incentives.  You old socialist wacko.
The Days of allowing you and the Democrats any more time to fail again must end you've had enough time on this issue you should be ashamed
You're absolutely right Bernie
How much of @DARPA 's $billions of taxpayer $ get back to the American People & how much goes into pockets of Corporate CEOs & shareholders?
How is it possible that drugs in the US cost so much more than other country? It is like trying to fix a leak by testing different buckets.
Absolutely!!!
By "gouge" you mean "recover the millions of dollars spent to be complaint with government FDA requirements"?
In all fairness Bernie- that $1000 med did cure a foot ulcer that had been pending for half a year.
How does $1000 for a 15 gram tube of skin ointment sound Bern?  Lucky for me I have  insurance.  Let's hear  it for megapharma.I
Keep fighting Mr. Sanders.
Ur part of that Bernie. U act like u were just elected for first time.
The days of allowing the government to gouge Americans after taking taxpayer money must  end.
Democrats blocking single payer health care in California. Why  work with them? They cannot be reformed. Follow the people to #peoplesparty
The government is doing the same thing.
How? Why don't you present a plan overhauling medical patents? Do you have one?
An increase in medical research funding would do wonders to cutting down on the need for for-profit drug companies.  Support the @NSF!
Finally something I agree with you on. End the kickbacks!
Amen! This piece of healthcare is the most corrupt!!!
Enough about drugs for now Bernie. What about the current WH and nuclear weapons?
You are one of the idiots that wrote the rules that allows them to gouge, and appropriate money from the tax payer to give them.
So why support obama care when you know it allows insurance to raise it's premiums so it's hard to afford? Tell ya what jackass, u use it!
Then stop giving special interests money and regulate the Government's ability to do so... then stay out of everyone's business.
Wow! Just Wow
Finally a Bernie comment I agree with. The drug mfgs. & insurance companies are raping America citizens and there's no effort to stop them!
Don't forget pharmacies gouging insurance companies who in turn gouge the consumer.  20 cents of meds, you pay 10$ copay insurance pays 3$
@HuffPost @politico You have been taking taxpayer money for years, and have three houses.  What do WE have to show?
We should also stop politicians from gouging us by taking taxpayer money... especially career politicians... like you. #TaxationIsTheft
Than talk to your buddies...
Go bernie
It won't end until the swamp is draining the lobbyists are gone forever.
Only then politicians will act in America's best interest
I believe sen Sanders was there when the law was passed to forbid the government from negotiating drug prices. WHY!
Final B we agree on something, when fed $$$ is doled out, you give your sole to the fed. Same should apply to sanctuary cities. #hypocrisy
@senrobportman but ACA isn't working for Ohio, right?  Where are you????
well Bernie I for once agree with you

#ThankYou #Obamacare
Please make a legislation for supplying generic drugs.its happening in India.will save taxpayers lot of money
SENATOR WE MUST SET UP A BOARD CONTROLLED BY CONGRESS ;WHICH SETS PRICES ;AND REGULATIONS!
You dont think the issue with North Korea is worth mentioning? There's more to speak out against besides the health care system & inequality
It's inexcusable that we pay for this research and are gouged by the very same people asking for handouts.
I totally agree. We need to cap prescription medications.They are overpriced and if you are seriously ill you can't afford them. You willdie
You set that up, Bernie. So end it. #BankFraudBernie
Where were you over the last 20 years on this issue?
Good luck with that Bernie. Big Pharma makes as much $ over medicating humans as it does poisoning farm animals. They own politicians.
Yes, get gov out of the health care industry and allow free market to reign. Limit drug patents to 5 yrs. competition!
The development, manufacture, and distribution of pharmaceuticals should be done in the public interest by government workers.
So what would you do with the pharma companies that employ 800000 people? Make them govt workers? Ugh
Socialism does not work, see Venezuela & Cuba, Capitalism works for all citizens.
Only in America.
It's specifically for reasons like this that no one wants to actually develop a cure for cancer. Companies make too much money from it
OMG what is wrong with this country ?? We are doing things so wrong !! This is so frustrating!!
All you have to do is get rid of the FDA and change Patent Law. Very easy fix. Get Government out of Medicine and Healthcare!
Blah Blah Blah. U lost
Go away Bernie
I hope so! Go get them Bernie!
Oh how we need you Mr Sanders.
Not only do they price gouge their healthy consumers, they literally deliver opiates to the sick masses.
We need single payer healthcare Premiums based on income Negotiate drug prices @GOP & @Koch_Industries stop screwing Americans
This is just one of the many examples of how everything is rigged in favor of the billionaires/millionaires.#FoxnewsisaCANCER
You sir are adorable. Never gonna happen because your colleagues love all that lobby money. Get rid of 100% of lobbyists and we'll talk
I agree.  What will Congress do to make that happen?
Take millions more from their lobby and then do nothing. Then maybe a few million more dollars. Then more nothing. #repeatendlessly
It's almost as if the Lobby is paying them to do nothing. So much so that the few who would do the right thing would be outvoted every time.
Yes, almost. #100000%correct
Bernie,you worry about the drug makers but you don't seem to care about illegal drugs coming across the southern border. Build the wall !
Dude you are number 18 on the list of politicians who have benefited most from big pharma.  Just be quiet with your hypocrisy already.
The days of allowing politicians to steal from citizens in the form of income tax and selling their soul to the gods of socialism must end!
This is the type of America Trump loves and wants to continue with forget about the little people corporate America is all he cares about
Like with Obamacare?
This coming from the "king of gougers"
should of ended at LEAST 8 years ago..
Fed govt should own rights to what is developed using taxpayer funds & license by bid to US companies not foreign owned, & made in USA only.
HOLY 5H1T!!!  I may actually agree with you on this one...
When do the days of politicians trying to gouge taxpayers paychecks end?
Bernie is like he never pays attention to what is actually going on.... Just rants and rants about the same issue day after day
Reread your 2nd sentence again, slowly and let me know when the light bulb over your head turns on.
Remember when you ran on principles, then endorsed the most corrupt politician of our time? Hey, how's your bank fraud investigation going?
Let's end drug maker gouging the day after we end politicians gouging the American taxpayers. Bernie is a greedy Socialist hypocrite. #MAGA
Talk to @CoryBooker The drug lobby owns him.
if Dems would stop hating whiteness, then perhaps the white working class would not be pushed into the arms of the GOP? Whattaya think???
Imagine if @POTUS said that !?!....You would disagree vehemently...
The days of re-electing the same members of Congress over and over and nothing gets done after taking taxpayer money must end.
No they are not.
But , but, but, to REPUBLICANS shareholder value is more important than poor people living!
why did you not end the gouging of American consumers during the Obama years; it is OK to gouge Americans under a Democrat but not Trump?
Bernie, finally one thing we can agree on.  Don't scew it up in typical liberal fashion.
The days of socialism will end.  $20T debt says so

What about "green" companies taking taxpayer money and flushing it into your Depends?
The days of allowing the Democrat party to gouge minorities after taking their money must end.
Something that Trump promised he would do.
The days of allowing solar manufacturers to gouge consumers while taking tax payer money is over!
Nice profile photo, kept me from reading the nonsense ya posted 
Typical closed minded progressive. Progressives have no interest in going outside what they are indoctrinated to believe, like a cult member
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dan-arel/5-ways-democratic-sociali_b_8876476.html …
Bernie, keep fighting the good fight! The ppl appreciate your efforts!
I think bernie is running repeats
You mean they're gonna quit lining your pockets Bernie. You're a fraud
Dude hasn't put up any legislation to combat ANY of the shit he campaigned on. What, these things only matter for elections?? #fraud
That's what I say about Medicaid.
My husband works w/ a 70 year old man that only works because he can get health Isn.. That position should be used for another union guy.
You take tax payer's, lobbyists' and donor's money and produce nothing. You don't even live by the laws you pass. Getting rich on us. FRAUD
You guys really need to manage #BigPharm Bernie. Totally out of control.
Gouging Americans is the government's job.

Yeah yeah blah blah blah lets us know when you get something done about it.
Please stop attacking Democrats of color Bernie. You're helping destroy this country.
Color?
You keep tweeting stuff like this but you are one of the lawmakers & have been for years. You have failed to resolve the problem.
Man, it is almost like the majority of people in politics are bought by giant corporations. Also, he has done stuff
Big pharma will squeeze every penny out of the 99%, even if it kills us.
This crumbles under basic, child level thinking. It's a bad business model. If you're alive you can pay more & for longer...
President Sanders..Has a nice ring to it. The Republicans are terrify of his policies. They will do anything not to let him win.
Bernie its disgusting how corrupt this place is mate

before 1973 it was illegal in the US to profit off of health care.  Nixon changed everything.

http://investmentwatchblog.com/did-you-know-that-before-1973-it-was-illegal-in-the-us-to-profit-off-of-health-care-the-health-maintenance-organization-act-of-1973-passed-by-nixon-changed-everything/ …
And those days will end when the Democrats take back Congress and drain the sewers once more
That's a joke we are under a democratic healthcare system you realize. Premiums are double.
Fallacies upon fallacies, now available in convenient meme form!
The profit motive has no place in healthcare
Yet you support the ACA where the government pays out billions to them
Only provisionally, with a goal of single payer for all.
Bernie lost credibility when he gave in to HRC and DNC. All these slogans have merit and truth to them but he can do nothing.
Saudis are committing genocide of the Yemeni people. #yemenwar
The story of a man who lost his daughter &his entire life to the genocide on Yemen  by the same  funded Saudi
A Global Twitter Storm 
August 12th All Day
Hashtag #StopIgnoringYemen 
To Save Yemen Children We Must Act
