Trump is enacting a policy where the government spends billions more to insure fewer people. 

@sarahkliff reports: http://bit.ly/2yJecY2  
Who needs enemies? WE have #Trump!
Plus, his actions globally R alienating us from rest of the world & creating animosity, disdain 4 the US., & creating Russia/China alliance
Just crazy. Man a reeducation of the masses is needed here!
Obviously you have no idea!
Look it up first do just a little investigative work
Trump has lowest approval rating of any president in history.  You are entitled 2 your opinion, of course
And Hillary was supposed to win in a landslide. 
Amazing people still trust polls.  Especially from Vox.
And then there’s the whole Russia hacking our election thing...
When you find out that the dems got hacked by there own people, what are you going to say? Not much Research done here.
Everyone knows this
You should learn some grammar skills before calling other uninformed
Saving lives, protecting you,protecting our country, actually dealing with Kim who everyone kicked down the road,bring back factorys ,jobs
Did you know that almost 70,000 factories have been closed down or moved out of the country just from 2003 till 2010..
Think first, no sheep
OMG...

...you’re still ALIVE Bernie 


#MAGA
Amazingly we HAD an old white guy running as a socialist who has now rolled over for the dems
Ppl can't afford ACA. Premiums and deductibles are way too high. Why is this so hard for you to understand?
Why is it hard for you to understand that everything Trump has proposed makes the situation worse?
Ppl die waiting to get in to see a Dr. Govt needs to stay out of health insurance
You righties can't stand the country is in favor of a single payer system. People know the disaster that free market healthcare presents.
@MVPHealthCare @BCBSAssociation @UHC @vtdigger @GovPhilScott USG no longer works for people only works for K-st/Unions/Feds! @BreitbartNews
Bernie - You have it backwards! Obama killed the American Healthcare system. But he sure made insurance companies rich!
𝐘𝐎𝐔 𝐋𝐈𝐀𝐑 !!!!!!!!!! #Obamacare was 𝙙𝙚𝙨𝙞𝙜𝙣𝙚𝙙 𝙩𝙤 𝙛𝙖𝙞𝙡 to be a setup 4 #SinglePayer #Healthcare that #HillaryClinton has wanted since 1993! 
Trump fox&GOP have2erase all that Obama accomplished.their bigotry will not allow thm2stop.even if ppl r hurt or die.the base demands it,SAD
Really!! He didn’t accomplish anything positive? He practically gave the country away
How can people be so blind?
They still can't see what Nobama did to the USA No wonder they closed all the insane asylums ,they were overrun

You call these accomplishments? I don’t! Most corrupt administration in history! The dominos are beginning to fall thanks to JW
Stop lying 2 the Amer PP you old Socialist wind bag! POTUS  is attempting 2 undo the damage PP like you & Obama did to Amer's h/care system!
No, you have a president who is trying to get obstructionist Democrats to negotiate honest and realistic legislation for a change...
No, no, no, no! The Democrats get FULL and EXCLUSIVE credit for that one!
Wow.  Unlike you, he is not trying to destroy the entire US economic system.
You’re getting tired and probably need a Second Moscow honeymoon trip to rejuvenate those Marxist commie juices
Bernie doesn't care because the TAXPAYER pays for his cadillac plan!
Bernie’s a Communist and Communists hate America and have vowed to destroy it
Why in God’s Name do we even make believe that’s not the case of Bernie & all Alinskyites like Hillary, Obama & all Socialists Marxists
And he doesn't even know why. Apart from it having Obamas name on it.
I mean seriously: 'Nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated'

... he needs to go!
Universal healthcare works very well all over the world - why not in the richest country on earth?

People thrive on top of safety!
Works well?? Obviously you are not experienced in having medical treatment "all over the world".
Yes I do. Great Britain and Germany.

And I'm happy with both - waiting times are ok and everyone gets good treatment.
I lived in the UK for 20 years and here for 20 years. I know the differences and they are vast. You're either misinformed or making it up.
Yes in UK you don't have bankruptcies due to medical expenses.
The treatment is definitely good enough. Your statement seems to be a scare tactic.
Never come up with solutions just criticism
How is the FBI Investigation on his wife going?
Doesn’t seem like we hear too much about it! Can it be the FBI isn’t investigating anymore? Suspicious
Mueller team interviewed Priebus 7 hours yesterday. Continue to believe your false nugget, comrade.
Totally missing your point. My comment was about Ms. Sanders illegal activity. Quit reaching
Loser!!
You are a legend 
He’s not just destroying healthcare, he’s destroying the country. 
Why because you have different views! Whose to say you’re not the one with mental illness!!!!
Who said anything about mental illness?
Cost controls and logical thinking. I thought that's what republicans were all about. Polotics has become a circus
You call that healthcare? My premiums raised 22 percent just this year. I have high premiums and deductibles.  I have insurance and can't afford to use it.
Is that what you call Obamacare? I call it a few steps away from single payer Socialism
Single payer universal healthcare is as dangerous as public education, which is to say it's not dangerous at all. It helps all of society.
I guess that's why congress has a caveat that they don't have to participate and also why single payer VA healthcare has done so well
You could also look at all the countries where it works so well. Canada, Norway, UK, France, Germany, Australia etc.
#25thAmendment
Show me in the Constitution where it says the government has to be in the healthcare business and then show me where it says I have to pay for it!! ........Get the government OUT of areas where their solutions are worse than the problem !!
That’s like saying a fireman trying to put out a raging fire in a burning house is “trying to destroy” the house.
And obama nearly got away with it too. Thank God for TRUMP!!!!!!! #Healthcare  #MAGA #Trump2020

I appreciate you @Eminem  
And his voter base are the people that will most likely be negatively impacted. What a real moron.
Obama's not president any more Bernie, time for your meds.
Love you @SenSanders
Remove the Exemptions for Congress and then I’ll listen
Obama already destroyed it.... Democrats passed ACA by a straight party line vote. Own it and quit deflecting.
Without the ACA I wouldn't have ever known I had stage one breast cancer.  It saved my life.
#socialistsdontownbeachhousesbernie
You failed.
Lol you're irrelevant , and the next senate election will prove it .Bye bye socialist, is up . Exposure hurts when you're hiding corruption
What LIES! @POTUS is trying to help the middle class until such time as congress can get something done!Bernie you are resp. for ObamaCare!
Amazingly we have an anti-Christian bigotted senator -much worst, Obamacare already destroyed healthcare
Obama started this mess with oc. Now u blame Trump for trying to change it so it works. Obama should have stayed out of our health care!!
by elimating #HealthCare, the #USA government limits the physical power of the masses - another way of somewhat controlling our #citizens...
The Best government is that which teaches and allows you to govern yourself. UH C is the state governing you. Cheaply as.can get away with
The VA here is our UHC socialist system. Kindly put yourself under same care as we vets. Show your solidarity and equality!
You are about 9 years past retirement age. Dont you think its time?
Geez Bernie, I could swear that was Obama!!!
U mean the health care no one can afford, arent u under investigation 4 fraud. Go away hypocrite
HAHAHA the fact that you quote VOX proves you all are so outta touch its pathetic. You think us Americans are all sheep. We arent dear.

You’re lying, Bernie. Obama already did that. Trump is trying to repair the damage Obama caused.
Amazing that SHE stole your candidacy and you dont even care. Then again a Socialist Dem is much of a stretch huh?
Uhh..you ARE a socialist
No #Obama and you #Democrats ruined it, take your slush money from big Pharm and shove it!!
We have a President Who Believes in What is Right. We have Senators & Represenatives Who Are Diabolical Socialists & Are Extremely Corrupt


We have a dictator and congress is doing nothing about it !
Obamas regime had the dictator/ it was him!!!!
LOL sad you can't see the truth so sad
What’s amazing is that so many people are ignorant, by choice. Some praise the ACA and in the same breath can’t wait to abolish Obamacare.
These same people thing Trump has their best interests at heart and believe everything he posts on Twitter without fact checking.  Sad!
trump has done great things for economy, military, refugees, health care...stop ur hatred & read a book so u can learn how bad socialism is
so you werent gonna tell us about the tape? http://bit.ly/2yozo1k 
Another BOT!!
Are you going to call everyone that disagrees with Bernie Sanders a bot?  Lol
Yes!!!
At least Bernie doesn't block all the conservative scum that infest his feed like cowardly Trump.
HC is not the only thing Trump is destroying,how about our Democratic fabric.Removing good US has achieved in decades!ExPresidents help?
You mean Iran deal?
Unless you live in Vermont, he's not asking for your vote.  He's WORKING.
Don't know if he will or won't, but he is currently working, not on a book tour, fighting for democratic values and Democratic candidates.

2008 called. They want their Tweet back.
Democrats destroyed healthcare calling it the aca. Remember you bypassed repubs...shame on dems
Amazing that you and fellow senator let the last administration total destroy health care. We finally have a POTUS trying to fix it. #MAGA
Perhaps if you had read it before you passed it, you would have seen it for the mess it was. 

Unless you are finally admitting that it was intentionally designed to fail.

After all these are the “Death to America” democrats

Look in a mirror for the man who is trying to destroy America's healthcare system. You got us into this mess along with Pelosi!
You and others destroyed it by getting the gov't involved in the 1st place. NOT gov't's job. Period. End of story.
Dude, Obama is long gone! It’s cool now...
Your insane ramblings remind me of the scene in Hannibal where the guy was having his brain eaten.
Obamacare isn’t an actual health care..
What health care system?

This country has a medical industrial complex and insurance company care system disguised as "health care"
If people can't afford it'll be no care. EO was specific attack to raise premiums on middle class. Doesn't change push for #MedicareForAll
Only In America:Land Of The Free, Home Of The Electoral College *I meant, Land of the sick and the sickest &depraved
Amazingly, we have a president who is trying to destroy the American health care system. https://twitter.com/voxdotcom/status/918847133125668864 …
And we have a Socialist/Marxist/Commie Senator aka Bernie Sanders trying to destroy the USA.
I'm still waiting for the $2500 that Obamacare was supposed to save my family.
Sit Down Bernie or the DOJ may move forward to put you and your wife in jail
Came here for the silly socialist comments. No disappointment 
How timely of you.
No @SenSanders Barry and his administration already tried to do that. Why do you think @POTUS  is in office???

its especially amazing with all the cheating that @HillaryClinton did to win the presidency.#Trump is doing what he was elected to do
It was already crap and you know it. How's the bank fraud investigation going?
Are you delusional? Obamacare was designed to fail, I would check out the man in the mirror for blame
Didn't the democrats say ACA was designed to destroy the healthcare system to bring in single payer?
It is not health care, it is INSURANCE! Pretty awful INSURANCE at that! NO ROI, must can not afford the deductibles so no care! 
STOP LYING!
Actually you and your democratic friends did that. He’s trying to fix your mess!
LOL, we predicted that would be your take when the shit bomb known as Obamacare exploded!
Going to $2600 / mnth for a couple w/ $12000 deductible in 2018. Anyone call this affordable health care?
|| Amazingly, we have a YOU, who can't see how OBUMMERCARE is a COMPLETE DISASTER!
Amazing we have senator that lie constantly. The subsidies were illegal ruled by a fed judge. Congress hold the purse strings
The *government* health **insurance** system should be restored & reformed by the states
There was a healthcare system before there was Ocare and it didn't cost an arm and a leg. But you don't know UR not forced to have it.
Had fed govt not been able to get involved we wouldn't be having these issues, now would we? This is why we didn't want it. GFY.

What country is this from? Venezuela or U.K..?
@SenSanders my baby sister died because she could not afford obamacare! So what's your answer to thatWho is paying for your health subsidies
Amazingly we have this sellout still thinking he's relevent.
Don't you have some Hillary ass to kiss?
Amazing.
She cheats you & you bow down
Soak up the sunshine Bernie “ your awful pale looking
That's gobbledygook
We don’t have a health care system
Obama hasn't been ' president ' since January 2017.
You're right! Obama killed healthcare!
Seems to me that you along with the a Dems put healthcare on life support under the guidance of the enlightened one Ozero. You want hospice?
Gov HC is not a right/not written in the US constitution. It's Gov over reach to redistribute wealth. Want Gov HC? Amend the constitution.
No senator, Barack Obama and the Democrats in Congress did that. The Affordable Health Care Act has been an absolute disaster.
That's already happened.  We now have a President who is rebuilding the American Health Care System..
If healthcare were so fragile that a single leader can destroy it, we’re doing it wrong. Health INSURANCE regs are another animal entirely.
Obama already destroyed it. President Trump will fix it. Other Dims need to get on board and help, too.
Medical bills and the rising cost of going to the doctor are leading more people to file for bankruptcy. That’s per a 2013 CNBC article Bern
30 million people don't have health care, they can't afford it & being punished by fines in th1000s while non-worker are getting it for free
The president shouldn’t make our laws. Get to work Senator. Where I come from you’re acting like a hypocrite
You must mean Barack Obama, because he DID destroy the best HC system in the world
But I thought you were against subsidies for businesses Bernie. Cant have it both ways.
Hey Bernie, I bet not even YOU can name one person that has Obamacare and likes what they have. Not one.
Mine was fine before Obama 
SERIOUSLY does anyone listen to the Bernie Sanders clown??ud be better with Homer Simpson in congress.im sitting on Scotland laughin at this
Congress could have passed legislation procuring the money for subsidies. They did not.
Trying? Ppl won't back single payer, they'd rather you do a GoFundMe. So if you're not popular or from a large family...better start digging
Because it’s a joke! It is imploding and you libs aren’t smart enough to see it!
it is alreaady destroyed, he doesn't have to try
#Bernie, why are you so #Stupid?
Amazingly we have a commie like you in the senate who owns 3 houses, pays less taxes than I do, and still wants my money.
Amazingly, you have not taken your failed agenda plans to rescue Venezuela. You will not do it here, BS from VT.
That's because I only have ONE CHOICE OF INSURANCE!! Give me MORE OPTIONS THAN ONE AND PRICES WILL DROP!!
@voxdotcom @sarahkliff 
Hes trying to distroy the US
and bankrupt it..
The American healthcare system became the best bc DC politicians were not in charge. It’s when you & politicians take over that systems fail
His term ended in January or hadn't you heard
Yeah maintain the rage comrade inspire another political shooting
Bernie, what’s it like going an entire career and never once doing anything relevant? It’s like you’re a #union member level expert
Communism destroyed people's lives everyone it's been, you are disgaceful!!! Silence!!!
Yes, as long as the super wealthy elites are collectively covered by their insurance; NOTHING ELSE MATTERS...
Thanks to Obama and the rest of the left, you already destroyed our healthcare system.
Amazingly, We already had a President who destroyed the American health care system. Trump is performing CPR on a corpse.
You are having a Senior moment Bernie, that was Obama who did that with his life sucking ObamaCare that was FORCED on people at high prices
The last President destroyed the American Healthcare System, Senator. America is based on free enterprise, and we want it to stay that way.
2018 elections coming. Republicans own cuts to Healthcare and CHIP, no  aide for Puerto Rico, DACA, TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES, TRUMP, Russia
I think trump is amazing and will vote him in again in 2020!
Uhhh, Brother Barrack tried to do that. We jus gonna fix it mo betta now. I lost my doctors and rates tripled...so Obummer lied to me.
Bernie go to the old folks home. You a senile mental case.  All you want to do is give my hard earnied money to the freeloaders.
I'm in healthcare, I've been 4 25 years, please explain Bernie how exactly Trumps trying 2 destroy America's healthcare system, you're wrong
Funny, Obama & the Dems already did that
Shocking you still pretend #lakehouse
That already happened with 0bama.
You mean he is taking money from your donors, I guess you won't be getting that home in Monte Carlo now, poor millionaire Bernie boohoo
I think your former president Barack Obama#binladen fukd the healthcare system Bernie wake up and smell the coffee.Trumps sorting the mess.
How about appalling ?
Give away 90% of your own weath first. Still waiting...
Wrong Bernie our healthcare system is fine It’s the disaster called Obamacare that needs to be dismantled Competition across state lines & caps on frivolous lawsuits will go a long way to lower premiums for hard working Americans 
Those that don’t want coverage ca n pay later
I thought America had a Health Care industry not a care System.
that was already done by obama
Bernie you know the CBO is rarely correct & If we can buy a better plan in a new open market at a lower cost... why not?
For the love of god Bernie, just go take a nap with Hillary. You're finished.
Has anyone been to the DMV? That's the type of service you will get with government healthcare. Check out the VA system.
Bernie he is not just trying to destroy our Healthcare, he is destroying The USA. And he is getting away with it. When will this stop
It wasn't American health care. O-care was a scam to enslave people, steal our money and make elite medical and insurance companies rich.
"If you like your plan you can keep it" If you like your doctor you can keep them" Sure! FOR A PRICE! #Thanksobama #Lies #neverforget
Health system? @SenSanders you mean the take your life savings health system
What ? How long have you bn in Senate? He just did what the Constitution says he supposed to do unlike Obama and your gang of crooks
Comme Bernie only goes where his next paid day will come from...not about the people.
Which in turn destroyed individual health care for the entire nation in only 8 short yrs still w/out covering M's of ppl, costing $Trillions
Go somewhere else with your BS Bernie. The only one "Feeling the Burn" is you
You're confused, Obama destroyed health care a while ago and he's no longer president. Is it OldTimer's disease?
Amazing you squandered the chance to work to get rid of this failed ACA and do right for the working class
The healthcare system has been broken for a Long time.  Fantasy to think that ACA fixed it.
Amazingly we have Congress members who don't understand that the ACA requires funds be appropriated to make the CSR paments
Amazingly we have a president who is going to destroy your attempt to turn our republic into a communist country. #maga
Thank God!!
You already succeeded in doing that
No he’s trying to repair it from the crap you and your fellow Dems concocted and forced on the American people.
Lies lies lies Bernie!
You mean obama I agree!U & the Dems have destroyed healthcare! Obamacare was dead before POTUS Trump took over!So please stop the lib lies!
No kidding, thank God Obama is no longer our President. He almost single handedly destroyed our Healthcare system. @POTUS will fix it
