The bottom 38% of American families have an average net worth of $0. -- 2016 Survey of Consumer Finances
I am old enough to remember when individual success was a virtue. You are older than me, Bernie - why do you hate virtue?
He has no skills
Except for the highly refined and lucrative ability to convince parasites that they are victims.
Don't forget Tumescent Tony Weiner, the Peter Tweeter.  Or Eliot Spitzer, "Mr. Ethics", brought down by prostitution. Trend indeed.
Lol you triggered Mercers Trump bot army.. And a few uneducated blokes.. probably a few shills and people who know they are guilty.
Yeah and you have three houses on a salary of 170k a year, bank fraud? I hope these young people wake up and see you for what you are.
Walmart's "biz" model is implausible with out Food stamps,welfare,SS,SSDI for both employeesncustomers. #urwelcome bernies right n wrong
Sam Walton was a self made man who worked hard to mAke Walmart successful, how is that rigged?  Dont hate someone because of hard work!!!!!
Sam Walton was awesome.  His kids?  Not so much.  Mr. Sam did the actual work and the family just cashed in.  Time for them to give back.
We as a country shouldn't tell people how to spend their money.  That's capitalism.  Work hard, become successful and leave it to your kids.
Then they should not get tax relief. Slave owners earned their money ppl sold have minded their ownbiz
I think they should pay their taxes like everyone else. You can't hate if they use existing laws to pay less. If I could pay less I would
Laws should be changed. They should pay fair share for infrastructure, we do.
Then fight to change the laws.  You can't blame people for using them to their advantage.
Well I am fighting, as much as I can w/my limitations. Bernie should be pres right now, or Hillary. But I suspect Bernie wld fight to change
so says a career "public servant" who's only job has been politics that is a millionaire with 3 homes
This is the result when good business people are willing to take the risk, use their hard work & intelligence to increase their fortune
There is nothing rigged about it other than socialists wanting to redistribute. Not in this country!
You live off the taxpayers, contributing 0 to the economy, creating no additional wealth. No right to criticise the Walton family.
So?  There have a successful Business and they're now bad guys?
What?
The Waltons need to go, and French kiss a wood chipper.
And Bernie Sanders is a millionaire. Hypocrite.
Old pos, that stat is flawed and u know it because even if those people made more they wouldn't save any of it.. ur a horrible old thief

company that wants the cheapest labor possible 2 put more millions in their pockets & just heard west market now has a zero overtime policy
You should open BernieMart where all the stuff is free. Oh I meant where the #TaxPayers foot the bill.
I see you didn’t choose Ben and Jerry for your whine. I wonder why.
Unbelievable!! Socialism is a system designed to ridicule and discourage success while celebrating mediocrity and failure-the village affect
@Jay_Murch
Wouldn't that be something if the family gave each worker 100T and kept the 44B for the "family."
@PplPolicyProj  And workers at Walmart get paid so little they need food stamps to feed their kids!
Exactly. Their business model is only viable because the US taxpayers supplement their employees' poverty-level wages.
And one of several reasons why I haven't been in a Wal-Mart in ten years. Try it.amazing what you find that you can live without.
This is a tweet from Bernie that shows he is a socialist .Yes the Walton family earned there wealth. It’s called capitalism. Idiot
That's what success from hard work looks like. You've suckled of the taxpayers teet for 40 years and become rich while creating no jobs.
Walmart pays its employees so little they rely on your tax dollars to live in many cases.
I worked for Walmart for a year on their starting wage with no gov assistance. It's called a budget.
What year was that? You must have been a lovely door greeter haha.
Stock clerk. $4.25 hour 1989. Had 4 room mates and no TV. That's a living wage, it just isn't a career.
Current Walmart starting wage is $13.38/hr that is a livable wage if people are wise with their money.
Sounds like you were impoverished. Call me a leftie but I think it would be cool if full time workers weren't impoverished. $13 today is about $6.50 in 1989. Can that support kids?
$6.50 would have been a gravy train! People are better off now then than I thought.
Which of your homes were you in are were you in your very expensive ne car.
If we started tarring and feathering these insanely out-of-touch people they will start to question their paths in life, their purpose...
You get more with a kind word and a #knee to the ribs than you get with a kind word.

My martial arts instructor, 1986
How is that working out for us and our planet so far? Letting wealthy people seize all control of wealth and resources?
It is way past time to Officially be redistributing the income DOWNWARDS. Reaganomics has REDISTRIBUTED income UPWARD for 35 years.
The more you protest the more indignant and smug and cruel they get. No, its time to show them a wave of human meat.
Fear helps some people think more clearly.

Republicans think very very unclearly.

They need a refresher course.
Yeah now we're talking. Bruce Lee did beat suckas down when he needed to.
The Waltons worked very hard for that money.  Very hard. 
And crushed many small businesses, enriching themselves and China in the process
Competition in the market place serves the consumer. Did your local Baker go out of business? If so, that's because consumers chose the best
They choose cheaper.... which also means less quality in Walmarts case.
So you think Americans should have to pay more for bread, meat, bottled water and clothing? They shouldn't have a cheap option?
I didnt say that. But choice should be real, not an illusion. The same company will sale all three options. That's not market competition.
Go open a store then. Or If you think that's too hard, then maybe you'll understand and appreciate why other people are wealthier than you
I'm a lawyer. I already sell legal services.
Sam Walton, the founder of Walmart, was born poor on a farm and lived through the Depression. He started with nothing.
His family is rich today because his hard work built one of the most successful companies (and largest employers) in the world.
Want wealth? Get off your ass and work for it! Live BELOW your means so that the savings account can grow. When you have enough, put it in an IRA or something to collect interest. Stop expecting others to support you!! Garbage ass socialist, stop being LAZY!!
Best Tweet of the Day!!!! #MAGA
Thank you
How is it rigged? Is it possible that Sam Walton was just a genius who created an amazing company with a valuation of hundreds of billions?
The bigger question is why are people's net worths so low. Combination of stagnant wages, bad financial habits etc...
Its almost like the low net worths of most people are related to the extreme wealth of the rich.
Only if you believe wealth is fixed, which is disproven every day. Society has insane amounts more wealth per capita than in say 1800s.
there is a finite amount of resources, wealth is not limitless
The universe is pretty limitless....
sick can you bring me back some helium 3 next time you're on the moon
Sure. (In all seriousness, give it some centuries/millennia. This pessimistic view you have undermines human ingenuity).
And what's your family's net worth?
They opened businesses and created jobs all over the country and the world for that matter. How did YOU create your wealth?
How many homes do you have?

How much are you worth?
Why do you think this question matters?
If he has a high net worth, then he's working against his own self interests.

So you're accusing him of being selfless.
No. I am saying why does he accuse others of being wealthy , as being bad, when he himself is wealthy. Hypocrisy
But he wants to change the laws that keep him wealthy.

You need a new dictionary since you don't seem to understand what hypocrisy is.
He calls for a wealthy family to give up their wealth yet he does not give up his... hypocrisy.
He calls for laws that tax his own income bracket higher. 

You seem to not understand how taxes work either.
Actually I do understand. Perhaps you just want to argue.
And how many people do they employ? Rich people give jobs!
Jobs with an unlivable wage. How many Walmart employees need food subsidies or have affordable health insurance?
Then go out and build your own wealth.
How?
Be creative. You think you can’t build wealth because people have told you that you can’t.
... less than what the average person earns, AND get rich? There are few people with good enough credit for a large loan. They can, sure...
Did you read my reply or just ranting?
That is what hard work and risk taking looks like.
Sam Walton is dead. The Waltons Bernie is talking about are his children, who contributed effectively nothing to the company.
However wealth was earned and is free to be passed on however Sam saw fit
So you're saying it's ok for people to get handouts and that hard work is irrelevant?
From a private individual. We should be free to do with our possesions as we see fit. We should strive to work hard.
Funny coming from someone who got rich being an elected official. #Hypocrite
You know whats rigged @SenSanders ? The DNC primary
Yea but the Walton family played by the rules and worked so very hard for it.. those 3 show what hard work can do!
Yes they worked so so so very hard to become Sam Walton's kids. So hard.
Maybe I should have #sarcasm
That's why Trump's pro-American jobs policies are what got him elected.  Walton's came form nothing.  That's what makes America Great!
Waltons enriched themselves and China at many small businesses expense
BS. I was a small business owner selling to them. They treated me with the most respect than any other retailer in the USA! Grateful!
By all means, don't create a successful company for fear of getting rich. No more American dreaming.
putting a billion dollars in the hands of that 38% would instantly boost the ecomomy. Give Walmart another billion tax break and ... nothing
Really - they couldn't employ more people, make more charitable contributions ($1B last year), open stores in economically depressed areas?
That'd be great, but not how it works. Retailers build stores & hire labor based on consumer demand for products & services, not tax breaks
It's exactly how it works. More ppl employed, more ppl buying, more consumer demand!
the Walton foundation have away 454 million last year to k-12, environment, home region and other projects. You want to steal it?
State and cities help them with tax dollars to build their stores
Yet they are major supporters of Hillary and the democratic party.
Do you know why?
no family needs that much, what are they hoarding it all for?
Trip to mars mars first Walmart
they should do it, they'll die out there, that place is lethal to Earthlings 
who gives a fuck? is it the Walton's families fault that plenty of people are dirt poor? let's take their shit and distribute?
I mean, the cycle of poverty they keep their workers trapped in doesn't exactly help, especially with so many employees.
are u serious?how much should a cashier make in 2017? if their workers don't get education from generation to generation thats what they des
Priced an education lately? Even for trade schools? Tough to do when you're making food-stamp wages.
this is a stupid liberal comment that's 1000% false, state/city universities + government grants + financial aid
Pffft OKAY. I've worked in higher ed for almost a decade but tell me more about the affordability of education. It's all but disappeared.
Okay...let me prove you wrong - what state do you live in?
He built it from one store in Arkansas you socialist. You took it from lobbyist. You probably hate Henry Ford and Ray kroc
SHUTUP Bernie! At least Walmart employee's people! You just blow smok! Now hippies and their lib children think they deserve all free stuff!
I guess it's time to get off your behind and do something. Sick and tired of CRY-BABIES who point to others with JEALOUSY..
The party I'm going to have when your commie carcass is in the ground will be something to behold. You are a pathetic failure.
Lenin (like Sanders) was also an unwanted rabble-rouser who accepted welfare and refused to work.
It was so rigged when Sam Walton started that 1st Wal Mart from nothing! How dare he create a successful business that has employed 1000's!
How many people have they employed?
You mean low wages where then they tell their employees to go on welfare? That Walmart?
Myth
Nah it isn't, the day we start eradicating billionaires will be the greatest day ever.
So you hate success?
No it's theft.
Where will you send the biggest liberal supporters?
Nowhere we're just going to take their wealth 
Hey Bernie from what I’ve seen on your house and holdings, you seemed to have figured out the rigged economy as well.
20 trillion in debt this is what a rigged government looks like if you were doctors all your licenses would be long ago suspended
I'm in the wrong universe can y'all redo the CERN activity that lead to us disrupting space time ? This can't be as good as it gets. Greedy.
That's called providing value to millions of customers.  This may shock you, Senator, but the United States shouldn't put limits on success.
So? Good for them. They have helped more poor people than you ever will.
What are you worth? You’ve been a Government employee most of your life. The Waltons worked for theirs.
I don't like WM but I like you even less.
The old Marxist never tires of trying to seize other peoples' wealth. When are you selling your second home and donating to Treasury?
How’s it rigged?  How would your fix move that money from his ledgers into the pockets of the poor?
How much of this is due to a "rigged" system versus Americans' fiscal illiteracy through rotten elementary and primary education?
Money has no value, especially if it's to be held as a standard of a family's worth and wealth. Godless.
Meanwhile millions of Americans can afford housewares, clothes, organic foods, thanks to Walmart.
By your logic , why should anyone even work?  Walton worked his ass off to get where he did. How is it “rigged”?
Yeah and what are you and your wife worth?
Bernie is worth about a million. Bruh are you really gonna compare $1,000,000 to $144,000,000,000? I take it your not good at math?
hardwork deserves reward. no work deserves no reward
And Sam Walton is dead. The Walton family inherited their fortune for the hard work of being his kids
Stupid comment! They worked & made their $$.  They also support MANY charities. How do they represent a rigged economy? Come on Bernie!!

Wal-Mart OFFERS jobs to Americans. No one is forcing them to work there. Don't like the pay? Go somewhere else. #capitalism #FreeMarket
Simply put Bernie, argument is null and void as you are a hypocrite. Nice guy trying to do good doesn't make you the right guy to do good.
And he's not a nice guy trying to do good, so, there goes that.
ok, maybe he looks like a nice guy?

Send him?
oh my god that's amazing hahaha YES.
I knew I would be amazing once again
Is it rigged when only 10% of the population pay 80% of the taxes???
And apparently the cure for that is tax cuts for the Waltons
And those few like them. Makes perfect sense right?
Hey!!! They need those cuts. Stashing cash overseas is very expensive.  Very expensive. 
Please provide your facts to support that they have stashed cash overseas! Stop spewing sound bites.
This was as of 2015.  I'm sure it's more now. You're welcome.
Wealth is not a zero sum game. The Waltons are not rich because others are poor. They want the poor to be richer so they can shop @ Walmart.
It doesn't matter that people r rich. It matters when the government treats rich people like kings and punish others for being poor
How. I think the government punishes the rich. In what weird universe is it ok to make some who is successful pay for others to who dont try
I worked at Wal-Mart before and I can say that the guy who founded it was smarter then who ever runs it now.
Agreed, his family fell into greed, while he was damn humble. Im sure things can change though a pessimists thought.
He was a nice guy.
His goal interestingly enough was to end poverty. Had to do a essay on the long live walmart debate on intelligence squared.
That's interesting. Odd how I have said Wal-Mart is an "evil company with great prices."
I have to agree, things have changed so quickly. The way walmart works now is completely horrible and further from what it once stood for.
True. Oh well.
What we become through so much advancement is damn dangerous and destructive, yet no one has totally figured it out.
Which dollars were ill-gotten and which are legit? Do you have a graph or anything?
So, a really successful guy made money.  And you hate this?
Sam Walton was a hard-working brilliant man. You are a lazy turd milking the system and your constituents.
Pls go away! Since when is working hard, being innovative, & making $$ a crime? Since the Left fed that narrative & young ppl believe it!
Did they pay more than 13.5% corporate income tax? That's your income tax which is ridiculous because you are the 1%.
The politics of envy breeds hate
Let's see now, how many homes do you own? What's your worth in $. How much have you given to real charities? Tell the truth or we will tell.
Lives at Risk from #HIVBloodLaw 

No Felony -Donate  HIV blood.  
No Felony -INFECT Others. 

Stop This! 

#RT
Bernie hates people who work hard to make money.
Did you give the $$ back to your base!? of course not!!! Stop preaching! you'd do anything if you could get $144B between your dirty fingers

No, the Clinton family is what a rigged system looks like. Dead broke, to mega millionaires in 2 terms. Bernie is part of the same cartel.
Or Sam Walton had a good business plan
Sam Walton has created more jobs than you ever will.  You've never even had a real job.
Actually it's a sign of an unrigged economy.  If you got involved, they'd have the same net worth as a can driver.  That's rigging, sir.
And they tirelessly donate to Democrats.
Explain how politicians get super rich on government salaries.
when you start talking about how much Obama is raking in, let us know
you attacking businesses makes you look like a hypocrite. 3 homes on a politicians salary? C'mon Bernie. #LIBERALCIRCUS
Other people being successful or inheriting the fruits of someone else's success isn't somehow wrong just because others aren't as lucky /1
did you get a sweet vacation house from that Clinton ?
And your wife screwed the college she worked for and if had to close.
Rigged? Like when a sitting US senator uses his power to obtain a loan under false pretenses for his incompetent wife?
You have 3 houses buddy
You couldn't even handle a few BLM protesters but we're supposed to believe you would have taken on the corporations?
Their is a huge pop between lower 38% and upper 1%.  Perhaps somebody in the lower 38% inherits from the upper 62%?   Allowed to keep it!!
You're a public servant who is worth millions & owns 4 homes. How. Does. That. Happen.
The beauty of a free market system Bernie, is that people can CHOOSE not to shop at Walmart. But they do. That's their fault.
It's called Capitalism, The American way. They also provide jobs and their low prices help a lot of struggling ppl. Shame on U. @Walmart
No, this is what hard work and the American Dream looks like.
That's what providing people what they want at a good price looks like.
Fraudster extordinaire with 3 houses and an 80K Audi? Puhleeze!!
Great they created an empire should we take it away from them. What about all the liberal billionaires Gates Musk Zuckerburg
Shut up Larry David
Shit like this happens when you actually work for a living....try it for once.
Lol, you clown.
Same ol’ biased Bernie.
If only you knew a small percentage of the things you talk about.

You and your wife should not be talking about rigged things. #bank fraud bernie
https://mobile.twitter.com/MemeAlertNews/status/913068694263287809/photo/1 …
I'll bet they didn't have a single house given to them either.  How about you Bernie?  Work is a foreign word to you.
You couldn’t hold a job in VT while Walton’s created one of the greatest companies on the face of the earth.
You don't do well with money, why should the government get more. Walmart employs thousands and brings goods to millions at fair cost
They WORKED HARD. Unlike you who sucks off the taxpayers money. How is Jane’s FBI case for Bank fraud going? She rigged the system?!?
The naked envy of a socialist is an  ugly, wretched thing.
However, Socialism isn't the answer 

actually, that's what tons of money in debt from not living within your means looks like
They created a huge business that added jobs and value and made a pittance off every transaction. You created nothing and are wealthy.
Bernie just wants to get paid. This socialist crap is just his shtick.
And do you name Democrat billionaires as well?
You have 3 houses.
The Waltons provide goods & services for customers at low prices & have created countless jobs. You do nothing except promote envy among ppl
Why do you always say shit about the fucking Waltons? What about bezos, gates, and Zuckerberg?
You're not doing to bad yourself are ya? The difference is TAXPAYERS pay your salary. https://www.fool.com/amp/investing/general/2016/04/17/what-is-bernie-sanders-net-worth.aspx …
You provide zero goods and/or services and and have a net worth of almost a million. What's that about a rigged economy?
So a rigged economy is one in which more people buy from the waltons than the sanders even though the sanders have no stores to buy from?
Which of your multiple homes are you tweeting us from Bernie, & isn’t your wife being investigated by the FBI for trying to rig the system?
YOU OWN SEVEN HOUSES!!! Come down off your cross, hypocrite.
Uhh have rich envy, do we? That's what they get for being innovative
How are your 3 houses doing?
receiving a government paycheck is a perfect example of a rigged economy. @PplPolicyProj
Somebody didn't get his pudding today!
And all of your murders thug supporters.
Are you serious?
Ironic seeing as both you and your wife look like people I'd see on
How many people does Wal-Mart employ, Bernie? Follow-up question: How many people do *you* employ?
You have had a government job your whole life. Now you own 3 homes and you are a millionaire. You need to do motivational workshops! How?
The more free shit you give to the lower class, instead of giving opportunity, will increase its base, thus increasing that bottom 38%
God forbid someone is successful in this country right? 
How did Bernie Sanders "earn" his millions ? 
Well it wasn't from working or owning a business. Hmmmm how'd he do it?
Walmart employs about 2.3 million people worldwide. It’s the largest private employer in the world. How many people do you employ Bern?
Sir, Waltons sacrificed USA patents to China for lower laborer fees. They killed US workers lifestyle, US economy and "The American Dream".
How about all those expensive homes you have Crazy Bernie?
How many people do they employ, exactly? Your equation fails to consider all the variables.
Sam Walton started with zip, built an a company that employs thousands. Guys like you just suck on the tax payer teat and produce nothing!
Yes... they legally earned that money and have a right to have it. Not to mention they offer services many use. So your point?
Isn't socialism by definition a rigged economy?
When u work, create successful business u should b wealthy. What part about that don't u get? U want them 2 give their $ away cause u say 2
Thats just free market. Since libturds & commies dont like the free market, im not surprised by you & your constituents
Rigged..omg! Walmart just gave a million to the JJ Watt foundation. Walmart employ's American Workers and with that comes insurance etc.
u& ur socialism i'll fight u &ur kind till my last days bernie so u don't turn AMERICA into another ww2 nazi germany
So a family that built a company from 1 store to global is worse that politicians that produce nothing yet somehow become millionaires?
And you have become a millionaire being a politician. Your point?
And they earned it.  What’s your issue with people creating jobs and selling us goods we want?
What do you know about what it takes to start a business? All big corporations were small businesses at one point, dummy!
It's called capitalism, idiot. Not all of us get 3 houses because we lay down for Hillz-the Waltons had to work for their money.
They also employe millions, while giving customers a cheaper price on products. The only thing you offer is more taxes.
If by rigged you mean that entrepreneurs that develop successful services and technology are wealthier than those who don't, yes it's rigged
And you have 3 homes with a wife in trouble
Those 3 homes not enough for you? How many people do you employ ?Walmart does millions of people. Jealousy will kill ya.
Bernie, literally pissing on the American dream right in our face
Says the jerk who has only collected a government check his whole life.
Bernie maybe you shouldn’t have been a lazy piece of shit and made excuses. Don’t hate on him because he was willing to put the work in
Go home Bernie...your Ensure was spiked. No, not that home...the other one you bought. Wait...
The Walton family created a service that people wanted and utilized. That is the American Dream. Paying you to tell us doing that is evil-no
Marxist theory in action.
Turn the poor against the wealthy.
What business has Bernie ever owned?
He lives off our money.
He wants more.
If only they provided jobs for Americans?
Do you want to take it from them Bernie?
You got 3 houses, I don't have any... give me one, that's socialism, do you really believe or not!
Envy.
They’ve done a lot more for low income Americans than @SenSanders ever will.
