I never like 'W' nor would I listen to anyone of his friends. Them Bush's are the cause of a terrible mess since ww2
I wonder what George Bush's ethics lawyer will say about this, Bernie! You're a crook and a fraud! #GreedyBernie
Grasping at straws. #Sad
Oh, so now we listen to ethics lawyers from the GWB administration. Christ Bernie. This Russia stuff will undermine your 2020 run.
Russia Russia Russia
He's an avowed Never-trumper clown. Zero credibility, just like you Bern. Now take your Geritol and go back to bed.
@davidwohl is very low energy. He doesn't have the strength or the endurance to be on twitter. #SAD!

Greed is wanting to take $$ from people that they have EARNED. People need to EARN their own money.
@vjeannek is a failing twitter user that has lost his way. His followers are way down with his influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Please change your focus to  @HillaryClinton ties to Russia and cheating YOU. #DemExit. Accept #DraftBernie... you are losing credibility.
If this took place two weeks after Pres Trump won; there is no issue.  The election was over; and still is over.
Adding suspense music in a video does not make a story new, it is already in public.
Any comment on Hillary's 2009 directive to bug the UN including biometric, credit cards & passwords, Bernie? Thanks to Wikileaks.
Well, I am curious to what Bernie Sanders has to say or would do about this.
@realDonaldTrump-Junior is a liar liar pants on fire. Apple didn't fall far from the tree, eh?  #foolinthewhitehouse
I want to thank all the trumpsters for voting for the Russians.  Maybe we can send the Trump's to Russia and never let them return

If "collusion" means allowing foreign governments interfere in US democracy, every politician in DC should be locked up immediately.
Thank you Senator!
But the ethics of George W. Bush is very controversial also. Using George and his team is not very constructive.
You're even nuttier than a year ago
Isn't your wife under investigation?  Yup.
Explain the investigation. I'll wait.
You are on the internet right?  Google.
I know the details. But I doubt you do. I think you're just repeating talking points. I'm positive you are, in fact.
He may not understand you. I hear they all speak Russian nowadays.
Ah yes, the BS Russian excuse LMAO
It would be bad for trump if he get impeached he won't be able to pay the Russians back and we all know what happens next
This is going to get bloody
A. 
BUT
ALL B.S.
Bernie you are a pathetic fraud.
I'm not going to listen or watch because you turned into a Clinton sycophant
We have been saying it all along!
Also your opinion on the US & its allies being in Syria illegally. How Obama helped 'rebels' to get arms for another country to be destroyed
What the hell is Bernie Sanders doing?
"If the New York Times story is true."  Stop giving a false sense of impending doom until we have FACTS. Corporate sponsored media isn't law
That bothered me, too. Let's see the email, at least!
Trump jr admitted it in tweets and when a reporter asked him.
In fact, now Uday released copies of the email chain himself! How will they spin that in the WH??
Freaking tired of the media spinning every piece of s^&& for their benefit.
In between tweets are u & the wife destroying evidence of bank fraud? That's what I'm reading. And her kicking disabled out of their homes.
Bernie you are a fraud.
Nice attempt at diverting from the GRAND JURY INVESTIGATION into you and your wife's shady dealings. Whitewater Take 2!
Can we get this same ethics lawyer to give his opinion on #JaneSanders bank fraud & #Bernie using position to stop an initial investigation?
So you can personally issue a strong statement about Obama and speech $ and not Don Jr? Putin thanks you, you fraud
You must figure out how to connect with Top Dog's base that makes USA 2nd rate & praise of Putin unAmerican can't normalize  lies bullying
Like anybody is going to trust somebody from the bush administration 
norm eisen works for david brock. dont be a dupe.
So what?
Bernie, you should be cop. Maybe not, you would have to arrest your wife.
Idk who runs this account now but they should stop regurgitating David Brock propaganda and concentrate on real issues
Okay. Sure.
He never broke the law!!Ya'll are acting like spoiled children
Bush is a globalist Bernie. All Trump supporters hate him! Good luck in court!
@Bakari_Sellers Baka & @CharlesMBlow lets not forget during his vitriolic campaign, he was prodding  Assange to release Hillary's emails smh
You realize that, if you get DJT out, Hillary won't be president. You know that, right?

All encounters with Russians are reported immediately. Even a High school student knows that.
Let the investigators investigate & get back to talking about issues.
The whole family is corrupt and liars
Typical political bashing, find dirt find on one another, and use it in the political Arena what is the morals and integrity of this country
The Republicans are leading you on!
Criminal trump family - when do they all go to prison??
Not soon enough!
Obstruction by @SenateDems: Using cloture to "sabotage the @POTUS Presidency." @WSJopinion https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/07/11/wsj-editorial-running-schumer-blockade …
I am baffled at what this President is able to get away with no press conference no answering of questions no bills passed all lies
It is time to impeach the entire Romanov version of the American family that is trump!
proly good news for his supporters. The more the estab R or D hates him, the more they like Trump caz of the common enemies.

Bingo
Ok, when are we going to see justice?! It seems they will get away with anything and everything! 
I'm more interested in hearing about your wife's investigation.
No it is not Bernie Sanders talking. It is the ghost of Joseph McCarthy. Shame!

this is nothing but bs.. you need to lower your "righteous" flag..
but i guess we will ignore the dnc paying for the steele dossier????  Please!!!
anyone free of guilt to cast the first stone! every dirty politician should be locked up, even you bernie  (if you're guilty of something)
Hhhmmm, why oh why would a Russian want to meet with him, of all people, during the election, to talk about adoption?? Ludicrous!
Lock them up!
Did you investigate Hilary, bill, john podesta, dnc leaks and murders no thought not
Way to go Cons, you elected Russia as president.
Anonymous source, no email, DNC taking $ from RU (again) - it's either fake news or bad news for DNC - Pick one
Sanders at least learn to play fair. Educate yourself on law. How abt the dossier on Candidate Trump by Pro-Clinton grp. You guys stink!
Feel the Bern
Unfortunately Trump, his children and his administration never learned lying has consequences.
Apple doesn't fall far from the tree!!  #LIE
We don't care Trump 2020
George Bush is owned by Soros too Bernie. Let's stay on topic...
Thank you Bernie! God bless you!
Just trying and trying and trying you DEM ARE SOOOOO BORING!!!
Who cares?  Russian collusion. Blah, blah, blah.
Excuse me if I don't believe you suddenly have a deep and unshakeable respect for the ethics of the Bush administration.
Hello draft dodger,borrowed any money lately?
Seems He forgot to read the fake news which would have warned him about intent to collude being as serious as collusion
Lol
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @GOP @DNC
This is not me saying , listen to progressives ..."start a new party for the people" @jimmy_dore
This will take years to clear up. Now anyone who supports this gaggle shall be considered TraitorOTUS. DJr. well done. @InxsyS @ @rrhk000
HRC surrogates PAID former UK INTEL to go to Moscow and dig up spurious accusations; but Jr. cannot take a meeting in NYC?
Who in Obama Admin apprvd #NataliaVeselnitskaya " parole" visa to meet w Trump Jr whn she was denied a visa?
Why are we so much more concerned about this than the AG meeting with the husband of the subject of an investigation?
Bernie's drinking the Russian kool aide now too. Disappointing. After the Clinton Russian dossier and Access Hollywood recording? Hypocrites
Then @potus asked Russia to reveal Clinton's 30 thousand emails. Coincidence?
@realDonaldTrump should re-double his effort WHEN "progressives" talks "treason" while stating W. Bush's ethics lawyer words as an example!
@DonaldJTrumpJr told because the @nytimes had proof. Fact is he thought he was getting dirt on Clinton, which he may or may not have.
Don't you think the timing here is interesting? Isn't that when 45 said @BarackObama was bugging trump tower? Guilty conscience much??
Trump has two foes.  The democratic establishment politicians and the republican establishment politicians.  Oh and the globalist/communists
Bernie, you know better than this. Same happened w/Clinton and Ukraine
You lose credibility when you attack Trump on these accusations. Where were you when HC betrayed democracy?
If ethics is actually your concern you would have never endorsed @HillaryClinton.  But it is not, so you did
Hahaha, u don't have enough on ur own mess.
Hey Bernie how's that fraud lawsuit going?????
Nothing illegal abt mtg.. But where was yr tweet/outrage whn Dems were colluding w Ukraine against Trump- Hypocrite

Who cares what you think Bernie? Go away
#RevokeKushnersSecurityClearance #RevokeAllTrumpFamilySecurityClearace #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPenceToo #ImpeachTheEntireTrumpAdministration
Believing this socialist is just like believing Russia. Bernie even honeymooned in Russia. Who did he talk to and why Russia.  Beware of lie
Did he not break the law just by agreeing and then going to the meeting, regardless of what came after it? #Trump #ImpeachTrump
Once a lie is told , they forget what is said. That's why the cover up with so many stories
who cares, and why don't you ask Obama and his people why they allowed this to go on and why they didn't do anything about it  chicken
But this IS Bernie Sanders talking, right?
Bernie Sanders tells me re: Don Jr emails: “These are very, very, very serious allegations" but “there should not be a rush to judgment"

Why not bring up the fact that Hilary took foreign financial aid to run for president?  I get it, facts aren't near as much fun.
Sweet
This is going to fade away just like everything's else and your followers are going to follow you off a cliff
Glass houses Bernie...glass fuckin houses...
https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/884514526456160257 …
You and your wife may also have some ethical and legal problems, too?
Help Bernie!  I sleep for 3 hrs & get up to treason?
Bernie if you didn't have double standards you would have none! Where was the outrage when DNC stuck it to you. Bush syndicate hates Trump
Sanders should of been our president..
Ths
who is talking, the bird?
#DumpTrump the #LiarInChief #UselessSackOfCrap4APresident
How's that FBI thing going?
The truth lasso is tightening;Trump can't hide.
Jr is like Homer Simpson doh
Did you really put Bush and ethics in the same sentence and deliver it to us?  Shame on you Senator.  What happened to you?
How's that FBI investigation going?lol
I want that whole corrupt family in prison. In a cell with 400lb man who will MAGA
So Bernie how's that little bank fraud investigation going for you?
Good, I'm tired of hearing you talk anyway. Now just spread someone else's B.S.  Give it up already.
Just like your BANK FRAUD, BERNIE???#BankFraudBernie
Ok so over and over and over whole trump family, lying, sneaky , and talk and talk. And it continues . So what's the answer???
working class need tax cut and good healthcare, are the democrats and republicans listening, 2018 is just around the corner!!!
More never Trump bullshit.
Why should we listen to a war criminals ethics lawyer? Bernie wtf?
impeach TRUMP!!
Trump Jr did nothing that John Podesta and other DNC operatives did not do.  But they can't find proof so they beat the drum until they do.
Democratic operatives knew that the GOP would be looking for mud on Hillary so they hired a honeypot to bait him in.  THAT is the truth.
Should tell you something.  MSM intended release during prime time.  All with caveat...no proof, just strong suspicion.
NO ONE has seen the email in question, yet all the liberal rags and you are reporting n it as though it was true.  All these releases at 5PM
I dont buy this. Its just a well financed attempt at Russiagate 2.0. Crock of shit.
More obstruction by the dems I hope people understand all this is childish and a big waste of tax dollars you people need to be investigated
They need to look at the source of the email.  Robert Goldstone, a music publicist, liberal activist.  This smells of DNC dirty tricks.
what about this?
Wait, were those ventriloquists' puppets?
Setup! Fake news!
We are supposed to listen to garbage lawyers spew garbage bullshit? You're better then this. Stay out of the fake Russian quagmire
Again stick with the social issue Bernie and stop giving your staff your Twitter. They're damaging your brand. Very badly.
Hello!
Funny thing is no one talks about the 500 grand Hillary's husband took from the Russians. The stock options her campaign manager got.
Bit of an anachronism, a Bush with an ethics Lawyer!
You can read the entire email chain. Trump Jr. just posted it. Another nothingburger the left is harping on because it has no policies.
Maybe you should have taken the meeting, this way you would have learned how Hillary was cheating you out of a fair election race 
And like the other NY Times articles, there's no real sources, no ones seen the email, and even in the end of the article, states no Russia
Then don't use Bernie's account!
From and it ministration
How's your wife doing Bernie #LockHerUp
Ethics lawyer? Too funny
Can't believe Bernie is stooping down to the level of MSM & disgruntled Dems. Should be focused on fixing America.
Add the emails that were just released to this. This is now collusion at best, treason at worst.
Can you also do a cool 90 sec video of how Clinton colluded with the DNC to screw you.  Thanks.
While I agree the dnc screwed Bernie, at least they didn't do so with the help of an enemy of the country.
George Bush and ethics do not belong in the same sentence together!?! Get it the f**k together. Anything to fit a false narrative.  #idiots
Bernie, will your wife be going to jail?  Did you have any part in her misdeeds?
even Republican lawyers are calling it as it is.
Don't you have something better to do, like reinstating Glass-Steagall and pushing single payer? So much easier to pile on with the NY Times
So fucking what
No need to wonder anymore.  Trump Jr.  Just posted all the evidence needed to show he actively seeked advise knowing Russia was involved.
Ethics are not part of the Trump makeup. Their supporters along with Faux Noise could care less.
That is all fine and dandy. Why is no one asking why Obama let her in after she was flagged? To me a sitting Potus allowing that is worse.
Get off it, Bernie. Painter is a Trump hater who served in a criminal administration, and you want us to listen to him. Drop Russiagate!
