Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. & its people...
What is a curse is your support for throwing 23 million off health insurance. That's the curse and we won't allow you to get away with it.
This is true. Yet you are #establishment #bernie. Stop telling us to get over the election & start helping dismantle why it happened.
And the right thing to do!!!
Providing #Insurance to everyone is commendable - path to single payer. What can be done to reduce actual health care/medical costs though?
Single payer is Medicare. It's cheaper for the govt. it's cheaper for taxpayers actually. And it's more functional
In otherwords although medicare will help, medical costs are out of control. Lower medical costs = less cost to gov/taxpayers for medicare
You don't have the right to control what people charge for their services!!! Health care is provided by people it's not a right
Health care should be a right, not a fight
We can barely take care of our on life & now you want to dump more shit on us??? You pay it, God didn't put me here to Slave for a govt.
I dont understand why @realDonaldTrump is so against helping everyone
That's because you're a normal, decent human being, something that Trump cannot lay claim to.
healthcare is not a right. you are not entitled to a service.
This is some Lannister v Targaryen shit right here!
Didn't he praise Australia for their govt health Care? What an idiot child...
Bernie, please refused your hlthcare as a congressman that u pay $78/mo for. No copays, no deductibles. Become legit u sloganeering
@realDonaldTrump  Feel the Bern
Go Bernie Go!
Hugo Chavez is looking up at you right now, Mr. Sanders, with a tear in his eye at how well you're trying to turn the US into Venezuela 2.0
VA, Medicare, Medicaid; possibly half the US on fed sponsored healthcare already. And it works.
Precisely.
Ok Bernie who the hell is gonna pay for it?  You and your wife have lots of stolen cash to spend but working class can't pay anymore!!
How very sad, that an American president would say that providing healthcare for U.S. citizens would be a curse! Such unkindness to behold!!
This is a terrible idea!
Bernie, health care is NOT a right. It is a moral obligation for moral people.  Everything costs $ people earn. Nothing is free
Yea, and in theory communism works too!
I didn't know wanting basic human rights makes me a Communist...wow! Who knew? Thanks so kindly for the insight!
No not you I was talking to the other guy.

Thank you Bernie for always standing up for Americans!
Time for the US to join every major Nation and guarantee healthcare as a right to all! #MedicareForAll
This is the second time I've seen a gif of Bernie shopped in to look like he's scaring Trump. Are there more and where do I get them? lol
If you are on a Computer/Laptop there is a GIF button on Twitter & type in "Bernie scares Trump" or similar & there are at least those two.
I couldn't find any more of Bernie scaring Trump, so please accept this fine GIF of Bernie mocking him for anti-transgender remarks.

Link didn't work the first time! Here it is again from Google.
I have NEVER had such a fantasy EVER!
That's fine! Not everyone does. Those that do have them don't have anything wrong with them. Fantasy is not the same as reality.
#Medicare4all is the LEAST we can do as a nation. We need to counter this propaganda with facts. Spread the truth! We got this!!
It's a horrible idea. 🖓 and I guarantee not one congressman will use the system if it ever gets passed. Cause it will be horrible.
They have a better system than us. Read his bill. It's 75 pages. Better than reading Trumps tweets or Hillary's books.
I haven't read it. I will.The only real solution is gov and insurance out of healthcare. No single payer insurance is going to fix a thing.
It fixes things in all other modern countries. The corporate propaganda of insurance companies don't want everyone having healthcare.
Stop with your "it fixes things". It doesnt. It makes things worse. Insurance companies and government need to get out of healthcare.
Yeah keep repeating yourself without actually offering an alternative.
Does it pay 4 itself? Does it further bankrupt america? Politicians deciding how we should giveaway $$ we earn is why we r $20T in debt.
Maybe your Jewish buddies in the ADL would be willing to pay for it, considering they are tax exempt.
I thought the US was the people
Please make it happen 
You said it would bankrupt  the USA about 30 years ago, why won't it today? USA in much worse shape than 30 years ago.
Well, @realDonaldTrump. Atleast if #MedicareForAll is somehow indeed a curse on the American people, we'll have #Healthcare to treat it!
hate it when curses improve our quality of life!  its like come on man dont you make me have money in my pocket for food and fun!
I remember good ol days, when a curse actually stood 4 something. It maimed, sicken or killed some1! Not these millennial healthcare curses
If @HillaryClinton would simply retweet this we would have #unity in @TheDemocrats
Idk, when Kamala Harris came out in support of #MedicareForAll, the Hillbots had a mass shitshow. If Hills did it, well...
Hillbots shitshow? I haven't seen that. Are they turning on Kamala?
Oh yah. I can't recall if it was the overwhelming consensus, but many were losing their minds, ironically calling her a sellout  & more
No one is entitled to the property or labor of another. No one can be forced into forfeiting labor or property to another (I.e. Slavery)
Fine. Then forfeit your right to national security, public schools, roads, libraries, parks, social security, business regulations, etc...
Defense is one you listed specifically enumerated in the Constitution. Gladly forego others from govt in favor private/voluntary solutions
Well then Ken, this is a philosophical debate. You're suggesting dismantling the regime all together. This is a radical proposal.
However, you forget one important thing - - rules, laws, regulations have created this economic system that you're benefiting from.
Laissez Faire ideology falls short in presenting an alternate system where private sector can create an effective economic & public system.
What are you talking about? It is the alternate system. works very well everytime tried. rise in living standards for all is the proof.
Proof is in the pudding. My ideology has proven to improve living standards whereas yours (socialism) has proven to destroy.
Thank you Bernie! These right wing lies make Medicare for all sound like socialized medicine (which I'm for) but Medicare4All isn't that.
#MedicareForAll  is privately provided, and publicly funded. Same choice freedom, comprehensive, with change in insurer. 60% people support.
It's a right? That's why you couldn't even win the democratic nomination against the worst candidate in US History. #rejected
Mr Sanders. Please enlighten us what happens in the long term with your proposed ideal. It leads to nothing but worse hc for all, if payable

It's fine if they like it that way. But with no competition you sacrifice good quality hc, no incentive to improve, everyone suffers in LR
we have a high standard that is set and we work by that, incentives have no place in healthcare, just do your job.
So the doctor who studied the hardest to become the best did it because it was fun? Spent thousands of dollars because of the people?
Yes they care. I know too many of my friends who went that path. But they also want to get paid for the care they believe they orovide
I work in Healthcare too btw... I work directly with the doctors. And they don't provide their services for low pricing
But their services are top notch quality, and they wouldn't provide that for anything less than what they deserve
@realDonaldTrump Since when has been receiving healthcare been a curse?
Single payer is clearly the fiscally responsible choice.
When you love massive debt it absolutely is!
If the government isn't in debt, than the private sector is

Which do you prefer?
People worry about #NationalDebt because they worry about their own debt
They transfer the worry about themselves onto the worry about Govt.
Now that is funnnny. I don't have debt, I don't have kids but I think about my friends kids and what they get to inherit. Tack on more debt!
You must be one of those Temporarily Embarrassed Millionaires we often hear about.  Good for you.
I wish! But I haven't had a raise in 8 years & as costs have gone up, I have a lot less. Can't wait for euro healthcare to have even less.
You realize it would cost you less right?
And yet my coverage thru my employer has sky rocketed last 3 years. Premiums and deductibles. While ppl that don't do shit get 4 free. Curse
To provide for their families and take care of themselves. Last thing they need is to pay insane premiums for coverage.
And Wut about my family. 1/3of my pay goes toward premium now. And a $4k deductible b4 anything is covered. All in last 3years
Is your family somehow not included in the words all Americans? What Bernie wants to do is get rid of the profit incentive behind healthcare
That means no insurance companies to pay, lower drug prices, and treatments being paid for from a single payer. Like with unions to whom
Members pay dues, when there is a single entity with which the healthcare industry can negotiate, that single entity has the upper hand.
With reduced access to specialized care, drugs & treatment would U give up your gold standard coverage & federal subsidies to enroll Bernie?
A country this wealthy can afford efficient & effective healthcare for all. We just need to fight the greedy plutocrats. #MedicareForAll
That would include fighting Bernie right?
Your concern for rich ppl is touching. Wish you were this concerned about how we're paying for endless wars in the Middle East.
You are directing that at Senator Sanders right Michelle? He is one of those rich people and has voted in support of the war effort...
If we can find the money for endless wars, we can find the money 4 #MedicareForAll. Condolences to all your rich friends who suffer so much.
Condolences to all your friends who would suffer under universal care.  Long application process, long waiting lists, reduced coverage...
Condolences to sick peoples who go bankrupt & lose home while doctors makes $350,000/ year
such a curse here in the UK i hate getting great health care for free not having to worry if it will bankrupt me
how's your personal tax rate? how's not picking your doctor - procedures . ask charlie gard's parents as your system killed him.
“Charlie Gard: facts, medicine, and right-wing fictions.” @charlesarthur https://politicsmeanspolitics.com/charlie-gard-facts-medicine-and-right-wing-fictions-e4b933ed8c12 …
needed procedure.  gov said no. period
There was no procedure. You'd know that if you would actually red the article I linked
i did.  article was incorrect.  i would take the words from charlie's parents in interviews over someone who is not involved and has no idea
I was quoting the judge, who heard evidence from doctors and specialists all over the world, as well as the parents’ experts.
thanks for proving my point.  limits kill.  no one will tell me what i can and cannot do with my healthcare or my families.  EVER.
#CharlieGard LOVED #socalizedmedicine - UNTIL the U.K. GOVERNMENT pulled his plug. #dolt
What happened to this USA Child then https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/08/26/hes-gone-anger-grief-as-plug-pulled-on-toddler-after-sudden-court-decision/ …
The government didn't decide it was time to pull the plug like in #charliegard case.
And that sir is exactly how you refer to him. Mr. President- but I’m glad Hillary allows you to have ideas.... even if they lose...
Wait aren't you the guy who got kicked out of a commune because all you did was sit and blabber and not do any work?
If Bernie thinks this is a good idea maybe he can use  the money his wife stole and send it to Washington. Leftists always like spending money as long as it comes from someone else.
FAKE NEWS
No mr burner it’s not a right! It’s nowhere in the constitution so please stop making things up! I you want all Americans to have healthcare then have your wife pay for it with the money u scammed from the college?
Back when #Burnie told the truth!
Trump sucks but Bernie - nobody said do not provide health care - he said your single payer idea sucks ass.
Big difference.
Who pays for it??????????????
EXACTLY! !!!!!!!
Damn. We love you Bernie!
Can you run in 2020 so we can watch you debate this moron?
Lol, yah. & he wouldnt be able to chicken out of it this time
Funny how that worked out haha
Lol, yah. It was so hilarious after all his big talk & bragging how he was brave 2 debate Bernie, where others wouldnt, that he 2 wussed out
