You've been scamming tax payers for years and it's finally going to catch up to you! #BankFraudBernie #MillionaireSocialist #GreedyBernie
It's time to step away from your corrupt 36 year political career! You went from rags to riches by lying to the American people! #Greedy
You've made millions from preaching your fairytale socialist values! You're a fraud! #GreedyBernie
How many houses does one senator need? You own 3 luxury houses! You're a hypocrite and a fraud! #GreedyBernie #BigBucksBernie
You best do a bit of research most of what u said is a half truths

U trolls all alike elect celebrity has more money then any Prez ever had then complain abt some1 took 40yrs 2own few homes &make 1st million
Wrong! President Trump made his fortune in the private sector! Bernie made his fortune from a tax payer funded salary! Not good!
You voted for aca.  Why?  Why are you not using thus as your health care, hypocrite?
STOP the lifetime full pay and free medical benefits to Congress and Senate to fund.
Sen. Sanders, where in the world that the government offers best healthcare works?
We must impeach a lying president!
Don't you think you better put your energy into that FBI investigation then healthcare
This isn't flood insurance where companies bank on most not to get flooded. All will need health care. It can't work when for profit
Single payer. Not meant to make money but you heal human beings.
Healthcare should be a right. It's barbaric in the richest country to only save the rich
BIG MOUTH WHY DON'T U GET STARTED AN PASS A BILL WHERE U AND YR CRONIES PAY FOR EVERYTHING SS RETIR.HTH CARE INSTEAD OF SUCKING THE US DRY
I completely support your efforts but if humans are not acting in the best interest of their own healthcare by now, it's too late.
Thanks Senator Sanders @LambdaLegal Lawfirm
Bernie has a better healthplan than every working American.  He can afford his healthcare plan and actually use it.
It's health care INSURANCE, you old fraud.
End PP.
Senator, we need end of life care that is rational and compassionate without dragging out suffering for dying persons.
We, In US, have Primary Health Care, we must act immediately & boldly we must expand Community Health centers. Obama health Care removed.
WOW!!!! Even ur wife is a thief. Corrupt people  such as urself have NO business in our government. Liars and thieves ,one and all of you.
bs bernie,  same redundant bs from.  When will you employ aca for your health care that YOU selected for the genersl public.   HYPOCRITE!
A crisis brought on by your party
I knowYou have our back Bernie
And not by private corporations but free clinics because corps will over charge like the insurance & pharmaceutical companies do
#ResistSocialism
expand not decreased
Where is all that fraud you were supposed to expose and control to pay for Obamacare? Same ol' same ol'. Now let's throw more money at it
We have a crisis of corrupt politicians who commit bank fraud with their spouses and they are also anti Christian
Government messes up every thing it should get out of the Health care industry..
Expel bo bernie from the Senate then send him to jail
Thank you thank you thank you
Thank you! Someone finally recognizing publicly the freakin healthcare crisis is in the current services. It's abominable n deplorable!!
The arrogance of HSA drives me nuts. Like we have extra $ we can save? The poliricians r out of touch. Its Laughable #SinglePayer
Why NYC public hospitals are failing, shrinking or closing? While private hospitals like NYU longon becoming monster size?
let obamacare blow up, let the people start to complain and maybe the Democrats will listen.
There is strong attempts from private schools and hospitals through bribery to politicians to fail, degrade , close public one .
The US should have a national NHS. But they are so stupid and ignorant they would call the idea of free health as a commie Plot.
AND LET ME GUESS YOU PERSONALLY ARE GOING TO DUMP BILLIONS INTO THIS RGT? SRSLY CANT BELIEVE U EVEN BELIEVE 3/4's  U SAY!
U must control the costs not just talk bs and expanding it what is your real plan?
U fraud
Sell a couple of your houses Bernie, and maybe you can pay for it!!!
Move the funding away from planned parenthood and you may have it.
Continue with the fight for your dear people
We need #BernieSanders
The true crisis is in the lack of faith in ourselves and the free market which has given us all so much.
Why? Obamacare has given everyone health insurance and ACA reforms were going to save billions. Has that not worked? Why trust you again?
Hey Bank Fraud Bernie, take a break, get off your healthcare soapbox and kiss your ass good bye! You and wifey are going to prison!

For helping the less fortunate
Sell some houses and do it yourself, Bernie.  Stay out of my pockets.
All these health centers in the inner cities are giving all the illegal drug addicts free drugs on the taxpayers dime
ACA was a Republican alternative to #SinglePayerNow @KamalaHarris @tedcruz @SenFeinstein @fakedansavage @RepAdamSchiff @RepThompson work it
My taxes have quadrupled so I can pay for these criminals to murder babies
Having all the health centers full of criminals illegally in the country is a complete Abomination
Tax the rich feed the poor till there's no Rich no more this is their number one tool for communism
If you go into any of these health centers in the inner cities there's not one person that speaks English in any of them
While you complain trump continues forward making America great
We actually need a universal health care plan.  Several countries have it, and it reduces costs.
Arent u under investigation?



Why can't all U.S citizens have the same healthcare plans the House and Senate politicians and their families enjoy?
Let's give health care to everyone! National Improved #MedicareForAll @H_O_P4E
Why not, most other do.,...
I am amazed at the health care system in the US.  I am Canadian and I pay less than $80 a month for extended coverage and dental
Why will more of what's made health care unaffordable- government intervention - suddenly start working?
Or... Live and let die.
Make arrangements with your neighbor to the north...Castro Trudeau.
Community health centers are a necessity due to limited access to comprehensive care.  @physicianwomen #DeathCareBill #BRCA #AHCAKills
BERNIE,it's time for REAL truths for ALL Americans to SEE AS TRUMP/REPUBLICANS take AWAY everything from US HOW much family 6 months
The only people that should profit from healthcare are patients.
But what about Russia?
Single payer!!!
Then work with President Trump on this! Are you going to wait until 2020 re-election,this as a selling point when re running for the office?
It Most feels like one man against the world
Community healthcare centers is an approach that countries like Costa Rica have used. They work. Prevention and early detection at low cost
Not a bad idea. Expand govt funded primary health care & people can supplement w catastrophic insurance. #SinglePayer
Bernie...you have become a liar. The health-care bill is a great bill. You are so filled with hate you care nothing for the public.
Scrap the ACA. Repeal & replace with Medicare for all! Win-win POTUS keeps his promise & saves face, we get Medicare4all single payer.
Must demand Medicare4all single payer win-win POTUS keeps promise. Repub get repeal replace, we get healthcare. He saves face. Medicare4all.
And created people that would go out and murder and shoot people nice job honey you should be real proud
Correction Bernie not honey
The worst part about it all Bernie is that you're such a fraud in Condon Yukon so many millions in the giving you money to run
It sure is fun watching the house of cards fall down around you and the rest of the Democrats who are line including Obama
How many houses do you think it's going to take to pay for your fraud I know you have three to sell and you're for the poor guy right liar
On your next interview some other will ask where will you see yourself in 2 years and you'll say hopefully not in prison for fraud
Millions of Americans were disenfranchised voters which is what you and your ilk always cry about why did you not stand up for them
So Bernie how much were you paying to run as a socialist against Hillary to make her look more moderate
Yes, we do
Especially to those of us who wants to work but unable to because of disability.OBAMACARE IS NEEDED!!!
That's what you and your wife should do with all of that falsely received money!
Why can't communities pay for community health centers?
Giving you said if I like my doctor and my plan I could keep them, you're a liar and no one believes you
u saw that obamacare wasn't working & you all sat back & waited for it to implode! now u raise a stink cause GOP has a solution wk together
Bernie Bernie Bernie I'm just wondering how much time you and your wife are going to do don't worry when you go to prison free healthcare to
Dunbcraps created this mess. Remember? I thought not.
@FBI must indict @BernieSanders & his wife for bank fraud and we must begin the impeachment proceedings immediately
U progressive libtard moderates created the crisis years ago! Hay I got an idea gov , get the hell out of the health care industry no gov!!
Half a million dollars for your daughter to teach woodworking? What the hell is your problem
Obamacare the unaffordable, mean, Democrats don't care, act￼
Get out of the way Bernie!
Given the crisis in the college's today we must not let the Sanders of the world screw this up
"Never let a crisis go to waste." And if there is no crisis CREATE one in a hurry. This is what crazy Bernie is trying to do.
hey bernie how is your @FBI investigation going
#FakeNews #SenFraudSanders
I'm glad to hear about that! Nobody thinks that's a bad idea. Even the Republicans like the idea of Community Health Centers.
Real House Wives of New Jersey Fans are gonna be pissed
PLEASE TAKE ON THE LOBBYISTS
First keep your wife out of jail like a good husband
We haven't win just yet: #ROBBERYINTHEHOODZ:
#GOPCARE4LESSHEALTHPLAN #HAZARDZONE: Mitch McConnell & the Senate GOP, Could cost 22 million people their insurance coverage over a decade. 
!
U & democrats created a system which accepts foreigners flying into JFK, cab to hospital, free treatment - we pay for it. Globalist idiots
#berniebankfraud
You had better address these questions about your wife.  Don't ignore them.  Fight it. Or risk being buried by it.
Just more welfare and socialism at the working people's expence. Why don't you fix the problem instead of treating the symptoms?
Take a poll on our brexit from is
Bernie, hurry and get some work done cause you know where you are going
Go ahead big mouth, do it.
How? What is the next step Bernie?
Federal government isn't good at anything except overspending and taking away rights.
Go defraud a church somewhere you wacko!
I thought ACA fixed Healthcare so you telling me you had the executive and legislative branch and you still couldn't fix the problem
We need #SinglePayer and #PharmaControls!
Bernie, why not give that little loan(10 million dollars) that your wife scammed to start clinics.
Bernie you should have worked harder to get your supporters to go vote at the November elections. You failed us.

http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/24/bernie-sanders-and-his-wife-reportedly-lawyer-up-amid-fbi-probe.html …
sell 2 of your vacation homes and donate your book deal money to help pay for it then I will believe you
We must spend money!  Spending is the solution to all our ills!
BERNIE
There needs to be a chain of non profit healthcare centers nationwide.
I think you should worry more about your bank fraud case and less about healthcare.
Time to present the Single Payer alternative to the public. Its time has come.
Yes! I remember that the primary was a crisis!
Before you go the jail for pressuring 
Banks.to give your wife a lone
Go Get a Loan Bernie
As long as you don't use federal tax dollars, go ahead.
#BankFraudBernie
How abt the immoral greed of big pharma!
The world is about to explode again with Syria false flags, why are you so quiet Bernie? 
Don't bother answering, it's a rhetorical question
Multi-3rd party billing drives outpatient care costs thru roof
Can you gather (I) & (D) to unite for bill that gradually steps USA 2 single-pay HealthCare?
Who exactly is "we"? You've demonized the democratic party so I assume you mean your russian trolls? How about that $10,000,000 you stole?
Community healthcare centers are not enough,they only cover the basics usually, no help if you need a specialist,physical therapy etc  #ACA
But what about gay people Bernie? When will we get to have a treatment for aids?
You failed at your job at the VA committee and people died on wait lists from the single-payer system. Who would trust #BankFraudBernie?
Why don't you figure out how to keep your wife from being buried by the Feds?  Sorry your a millionaire, different rules for you.
Little late.  Why didn't democrats do this right first time or at least fix it?  You did it on purpose.  Trying to destroy America.
Crisis indeed. You Dems should have never passed Obamacare in the dark of night.
Fox News and their ilk have created this crisis otherwise we would have Single Payer Universal Healthcare today
Thank God for your heartfelt and dedicated work to protect healthcare for millions of Americans and fight the Republican Anti-health agenda
Will @SenateMajLdr lose his healthcare because of his Pre-Existing conditioning (he had polio) like MILLIONS n U S  https://tonic.vice.com/en_us/article/a3zbmz/mitch-mcconnell-polio-refused-march-of-dimes-meeting-over-senate-health-bill …
I want the same health care that McConnell
Dear bernie,I'm sending u half of my ssi check every month so u and jane won't have to steal to make ends meet
Senator, is there a way to sue the so called health bill? Is there such a thing? Couldn't this bill be listed as crime against humanity?
Do they have them in prison
That's not good enough that's just Pig piling on top of the already broken system start fresh
U had better hide & hope Trump forgets about you FBI wants to talk Bernie
Progressives are responsible for the healthcare crisis. So get out of office #BankFraudBernie                   TERM LIMITS 
