Joe Lieberman's political history and extreme views on a number of issues, would make him a divisive nominee. That is not what we need now.
It's pretty extreme to tell others what they need!! However, that fits with your #socialist views! #NeverBernie 
Are you kidding! Democrats do not care about this country, Your party needs to be void of any power.
Democrats gave people unions, Medicare & Medicaid, Social Security, etc. You need a history lesson pronto!
Democratic Party promotes poverty existence hopelessness!
If we left government up to Republicans, we'd have an oligarchy: rich people vs. poor people. Eliminate the middle class.
Right, that's it. Do you do any research, or just swallow the info your fed? SMH.
Need a grammar lesson? "Your" shows possession. "You're" means "you are." As far as research goes, the data's abundant to back me up. Yours?
thank you!
A president under investigation for collusion and possible treason shouldn't be allowed to make appointments. No more damage from the inside
There is no deep state...even I know that. But keeps rt wing happy 2  create new paranoia, signed deep throat
I nominate Sally Yates for FBI director!!
Bernie Sanders you are not even a has been, you are a never was.
Bernie we don't have the United State back. You need to step down
Maybe there are a few more directors that you have forgotten about who are still employed.
Is James Comey getin round the clock protection n his family we all no wot happens wen Russians want sum1 to be quiet I'm worried 4him
Impressive this paranoia
I'm still following you? Damn. There, fixed it. You haven't been any good since July. Sell out.
EXACTLY!!!
He was a boss during primaries. Then....I don't know what the fuck happened. Theme from last yr... Opinions on everyone has changed.
Yep, I was on his train & then he folded. Even changed my party to vote for him in the primary. #lessonslearned #neveragain
Trump train now. 
What a joke. How is that working out for ya? Where is your health, your jobs, ummm where is that wall.
Am I talking to you? No..I'm not. Bye.
Here's the REAL joke: you libs can't take the "L".
Trump thinks still running his hotel business. What about his advisors are they dumb like him!
You don't fit anywhere.
For once we agree
Shut up
I don't think you understand how our government works.  Not shocked since you are a socialist.
How come you come up with all these suggestions after Obama has screwed us over
Then you will have to change the USC. The FBI director will continue to work at the pleasure of the sitting POTUS. That won't happen.
Very true and he wound be a puppet to trump
U do
More bullshit from bernsie the blow hard bullshivik.
Lieberman is a better pick than anyone you or the @DNC would pick
Yea Bernie. We need j Edgar Hoover back!! No president had the balls to fire him!!... and he would've had you locked up!! Lol. Cmon.
thank you
Right on and what great rallies in Montana.
Nothing w/Trumps fingerprints on it will sit good with u. After u got screwed in the primaries u should have chose the fight, not the check
Contact your congressman. Let your voices be hear. When I think that this Pig (w/ supporters) and his family are in the WH, I get Nauseous.
Protest via Tweeter. Let yourselves be heard. Ignore the Opposition. They don't make any sense of what they say.
This message is for all Non-Trump Supporters. Do not allow them to get under your skin. Call Congressman demand impeachment. Please.
It seems that one (Sessions) that was perceived and is absolutely a political appointee. If this one goes through, we are doomed. Recusal!!!
We don't give a sh!t what you think.
Yes,we need someone who is not political. We need someone who is a career person in intelligence agency. No Lieberman
You are right Bernie
Lieberman is why we don't have single payer now. #CorpertDemocrat
you are so right Bernie ! What is this about?
Does he have a criminal background at least?!
Nick Pappas made an extreme comment but doesn't get it
once Trump is taken out, one way or another..  u should be there. Yes I know how it works but I want to vote on a "Do over".
We need you, this 'guy" needs to hire you to fix Obamacare not destroy it & replace it with nothing or crap.
Talk about Seth Rich he died because of you!
And your evilness dose not fit so get it move on. REMEMBER YOU LET OBAMA TAKE YOU IN MOVING ON
Hey Bernie, he could name Mother Theresa and you haters would bitch!
The American people that it doesn't matter who Trump appoints, you will fight to block them. Just because you want to delegitimization him
Lol. Of course not. Because trump wants to appoint a liberal all the sudden now a liberal isn't qualified for something. Just admit to....
What would lead you to say that?
Joe Lieberman is involved with Trump's business as he is part of Trump's attorney law firm.
I know, right?
I thought Lieberman would be ok..what's the problem?
think its scary who a president might appoint or what he be in control of?
perhaps we talk about limiting powers of that office
..ALSO LEST WE FORGET, JOE LIEBERMAN PUSHED BETSY DEVOS TO BE EDUCATION SECRETARY.  SHOWS POOR JUDGEMENT ! @JoyAnnReid @Emptrix @maddow
Senator Sanders, you are right.Trump wants a lapdog and Lieberman fits.
To me, Lieberman is the definition of a flip-flopper. Not really a prime quality for an FBI director under the most bullying president ever.
If you don't like him, he's my choice
The man being investigated by the FBI should not be naming the head of the FBI.  That's just obvious, and should be obvious to BOTH sides.
Trump has made fools out of America, what a shame!
Oh god!!
Are you people aware of any of the policies @JoeLieberman supported? Such as spying on each and every one of you.
You mean an independent? Oh, wait

Well, you let Hillary cheat you out of a nomination and then you shamelessly endorsed her so...
Berne is right and being fair.   Extreme views in Congress are ok.  Not as FBI director.
Bernie has a great point on this one...  Leiberman is a solid guy, but he's always had his own Lieberman agenda.  He wears it on his sleeve.
Seriously, look how well the "no experience in oval office" is working out in first 6 mos. Country. can't take anymore stupid trump noms.
Hes is career politician who can't seem to decide. I'm a dem, I'm independent, I'm neo conservative. Why not someone experienced in L.E.?
Fight him all the way.  He is another traitor.
ABSOLUTELY AGREED.
Certainly appreciate he wants to revive his career, but the "loyalty oath" to Trump wouldn't be helpful.
Yeah, but he's MOT
Dear Bernie... Why has the MSM decided to blackout coverage of the class action lawsuit against the DNC for fraud?
Didn't Liebermans law firm represent Trump in personal law suits? Why is no one talking about this @Rosie
Why don't you disclose your financial records
Cringed when it was reported that he was being considered
How can you trust a guy who changes party affiliation for personal benefit?
Exactly right Bernie, ,that is why we do not know Comeys political affiliation
BS
Your right

Then name names of those YOU would find acceptable.
I suppose you want the job so you can STOP the investigation of your wife for bank fraud! Obumer made ALL his APPOINTEES POLITICAL!
Lil Bernie, the FBI Director serves at and for the Pres. He does not have to b political, but he can be, it depends on what Trump wants,
Unfortunately for you, OUR elected president makes that hire and not a hypocritical, failed candidate.
This choice is insane. Political appointee is right. Don't put anyone in who knows what he's doing? This should be someone TRAINED by FBI
it's not going to matter.  He won't be there all that long if he is nominated.
All of the appointees of this administration should be wiped out with @realDonaldTrump after impeachment.
Dick Cheney on Lieberman: ‘He's A Good Man’
By The New York Times August 9, 2006
Be afraid.  Be very afraid.
Imagine how much people would have to complain about if you were President LOL! Loser.
In a perfect world that mans powers would only be limited by the courts he bases his actions on, not directives by any agency
Hello
He's also part of Donny's law firm. So that is a definite conflict of interest.
Let's get a career FBI professional in there!
I'm just grateful it's not some truly repugnant asshole like Sheriff David Clarke. That would truly be the stuff of nightmares.
How about no more appt. by @POTUS until we know what is going on and who we are dealing with?
Never respected him and didn't understand his reputation even when he was a dem.
Joe Lieberman is a demonstrated Nut Job which seems to be a prerequisite for enjoying @POTUS support.  Example:  Jeff Sessions
If they appoint him, we know for sure the system is rigged...
I have nothing against Joe but it doesn't make sense for him as FBI director
No one nominated by Trump for any post should be confirmed until TrumpRussia is investigated & all questions answered. Shut Trum down.
This administration keeps getting compared to Nixon's, which is unfair, Nixon was not NEARLY as corrupt!  #impeachtrumpnow
Nothing wrong with Lieberman
Bernie has such high standards!
The next FBI director should have
 some experience, integrity and the ability to stand up to the bully in the WH calling himself president.
Bernie, Stalin is dead. Your perfect Communist does not exist. Unless you know something we don't?
Agreed Sir. The ternary of the Evile men that have slithered their way to power must be stopped. We the people demand #COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY!
I have to admit a lack in understanding at any level how to ...interpret this statement.  I lack bias...my own flaw. Is it polite to ask?
Does he like the neutrality to serve all Americans fairly?
Do you really think people respect the @FBI or its' director? The FBI is just another tool of oppression like the @NSAGov . @SenateDems @dnc
I have come to the realization that you are never satisfied with anything.  I no longer put stock in anything you say.
With these baggages on President Trump, any of his appointment now should be thoroughly scrutinized
Go Away Little Girl put it out there about all the homes you own
That's a wonderful description
@QuipShot well said!
Senator SANDERS We know you are absolutely correct! Joe lieberman is as political as they come.
Um, not to be a simpleton Bernie, but aren't all modern directors of the FBI political appointees? How could one perceive otherwise?
JL will never be FBI director... fyi
140 characters...no recommendations. 
Can I be frank Frank" did you expect anything else??
#CommonSense
I  agree with you Sen Bernie.
Lieberman is The Establishment personified no integrity no credibility or judgment this is toxic political reciprocity at OUR expense say no
Agree w/u re Lieberman.There r ppl far better who could do the job n this hard time.A major job 2 fill job w/best candidate.
1) Given the complex nature of the work the @FBI does, the best person is someone who knows and understands how all the pieces moves...
2) someone who inspires confidence,  appreciates the enormous responsibility and is capable of leading such a diverse group of specialists.
3) S/he must be able to keep the FBI on the bleeding edge of everything they do while maintaining tried and true standards of excellence.
4) this person should know what it's like to work in the field and what it's like to manage a caseload presenting enormous complexities.
4.1) **numerous complexities**
5) James Comey was all of those things & more. So what he did things people didn't like? He's navigating uncharted waters, during an attack!
6) I was frustrated with him when I didn't understand why he did what he did and now that I do understand, I'm over it. Firing him was...
7) one of the stupidest things any commander can do in the middle of a battle when actively engaging multiple threats.
Appoint BERNIE
Thank you, Senator.

bye joe.
Bernie sanders is mad because he lost.
Guess what Trump is president and it's his choice not urs. So either help America or get out of office. Stop criticizing Evey damn thing.
Bernie u would bitch if they hung u with a new rope! U democrats have alot of negativity and no answers.
NO to Joe Lieberman as FBI Director. No integrity there.
But that position is a political appointment,  silly socialist...
If any one loves  America, he/She must stand up & vigorously oppose nomination of joe Lieberman to FBI director position.
It needs to be someone in LAW ENFORCEMENT. McCabe should be running things until investigation is over.
I agree with you on this , what do you think about Joe Arpio for FBI director?
Because he stated that you are a fraud??
Agreed
I think a good choice would be James Comey he is honest and works for the American people. So sad is our Government
Not like our President, Paul Ryan, and Mitch McConnell
Poor Joe, the libs are now lining up on one who caucuses with them. He now knows they will oppose anyone Trump picks for FBI.

Thank you for your service & ever villigent  watch over our govt processes.
joe lieberman is an absolute stooge.  always has been always will. why else is trump considering him?
To troll you. #MAGA
I agree. It should be an FBI promotion. Someone inside the company already

.Idiot, he is a DemoRAT
I agree @SenSanders ,Joe's a great guy, but not the person you want 2 run the @FBI ... , needs leader who is knowledgeable in the subject!!!
@JoeLieberman You were great representing the great state of CT. But @SenSanders has a point here ... #realnews
Blah blah blah
How about if they appoint you? I doubt you could be impartial. Would you recommend indicting Hillary for fixing your loss?
Yes I agree Bernie .. Good Guy not the right pick for the job
Thank you Senator
You would protest if he appointed you!  Nitwit!
Agree.
Trump just fired the FBI director so he could replace him with his dog.
Then who would you pick? George Soros?
I agree
Wow. The very first thing we have ever agreed on.
It should go to the most qualified agent in the bureau.
Bernie, don't panic, sharks like yourself are not listed as endangered species.
Joe lieberman is a horrible choice. How about a non political outsider?
How about that! That makes too much sense! It won't happen though!
Just like you didn't for the description of "President" - thanks to the DNC. Embarrassing that they thought Hillary was a better "fit".
Too bad you didn't win the primary...your opinion is irrelevant
just be a patsy!
What are you afraid of Bernie? Your wife is under investigation, you don't get to vote.
You know nothing. You're called Hrcs blood clot yet you dont see the influence. doing everything they can to sabotage before 2020. Wake up.
You're from liberal Portland and use "wake up". I've been awake before the best part of you ran down your mother's leg, literally. You mad?
No, you annoyed me and ive been drinking. Carry on troll 
Me too, "lady"? LOL
You know, that's what is the worst about twitter, not enough ch for rational argument, only insult. Poor debate skill #boring 
It's fun watching you cry about it.
we have to push and pressure against him...
I'm amazed anybody to the left of Atilla the Hun has anything good to say about that schmuck @JoeLieberman
Why don' t the @TheDemocrats  just provide a list of persons who they want in Government Offices! OH right, they lost the election! @GOP
