Why would you want to bankrupt the USA? You have grandchildren. Why burden them with the cost. You are only hurting the young generation.
You voted for OBAMACARE without reading in! That's why we are where we are at today!  Thx Bernie. Time for you to retire
#MALCOLMX i dare anyone to google what he says about #white #liberals #whiteliberals like this man. #Politics #truth
Bernie isn't a liberal.
Tell the truth Bernie how much medicare for all is going to cost . Your Peps only want free stuff . Not higher taxes .
.       Get a government that fights for the people and you may get lower drug prices to.
Nothing could be more disastrous than Obamacare. Free market is the answer. Competition will lower prices, improve care
The problem is their will be those who cannot afford the cheap coverage. Also free market historically leads to monopoly & higher prices.
Regrettably few can afford premiums now and are punished because they cannot.
Exactly, and single payer would mean everyone can afford in exchange for a tax increase on the extremely wealthy.
PS: Go earn your own damn money and quit trying to steal from the extremely rich
The problem is money is like a system of pipes, when it backs up in a specific area, then there is less opportunities for it to be earned.
So we have two options to relieve the wealth backup, either entice the rich to spend, or tax it and invest it in the needy. They dont spend.
Or more specifically earn so fast & so much that it is not humanly possible to spend even a fraction of it, even if that was all they did.
Multiply your economic IQs and you’re still not in triple digits.
No.
How about the disaster that is my current health coverage. It gets worse every single year. Perhaps we need a real fix, not bandaids.
I believe Bernie sponsored a bill supporting single payer... what every other civilized nation offeres. Keep fighting the good fight Bernie!
Sadly, I think we ahve finally reached a point that single payer may be the only answer that is left. If we have to just go there, let's go.
Pass a law requiring doctors and hospitals to post prices for Service &  let ppl chose where they go. U will see costs drop overnight!
Enlightening about Bernie...

Pls put your debate off just one week. Let he GOP implode and then go in with your argument.  Please.
Just Love you Bernie!!!
I'd rather watch paint dry than Bernie. He's not a Democrat and doesn't care if he helps us lose in 2018. Just single payer won't work.
Geeez Soooo negative of you!! You must have excellent insurance coverage! Otherwise you would feel pain of others, or maybe not, 
Two old commies walk into a bar...
The FACES of young people involvement. B. Press MIA. Millionaires-billionaires do not apply. Working class welcome bc poor ppl don't vote.
No
#Bernie2020 #BernieRobert2020 #BernieBobby2020
Is this yours
Get a job
At @NationalNurses event, #BernieSanders discusses #MedicareForAll...
Bernie,  you are a egotistical FOOL, STUPID  TRAITOR  to the American people.  Retire.

Trump what a joke 
People w disabilities need healthcare for 2018! #ACA They are fighting for their lives! @MarkRuffalo @BernieSanders only for #Applewatchbros
CANCEL CNN debate then. You r playing into their hands. If it passes you will have given them the platform they wanted. It's not about YOU!
Never forget that current healthcare has been attacked often by GOPs in order to make it nonfunctional.  Universal Care For All.less corrupt
Horrific. #Rohingya women showing up w bruising on bodies, bite marks on their breasts & genitals
Disturbing but important story by @AFP's @clairecoz, reporting from refugee camps in Cox's Bazar https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/37204578/gang-rape-horrors-haunt-rohingya-refugees/?cmp=st … #Rohingya #Myanmar
Don’t you boys have any place in the sun to retire to? Surely there are some younger folks with brains. You don’t need all that $$...do you?
Really enjoyed this discussion!
Go get 'em Burney. You rock!
Already defeated by the disastrous gov't debt; how is stopping a proposal going to fix the current catastrophe of our currency crisis?







My health care insurance has jumped almost 200 % because of Obamacare, destroy the Democrats and Sanders.
Who?

Why aren't we asking other countries how they make Health Care for all work in their countries
They were all just here.Did anyone ask them?
I think your Medicare for All is a great idea! Get that one through.
Bernie you need to look @ plan for all http://www.bauerforpresident2020.com  even you will like it, all new options for america !
Brainwashing in progress. Learn the truth. https://www.facebook.com/devidedbynone/videos/1953942204819131/ …
You have no idea how the healthcare will be. Your idea of healthcare would be disastrous! https://youtu.be/mF11tAzzzyI  #SinglePayer
Get em Bernie!

This is what you and little Commie Bobby advocate. http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59c3a01ae4b0ffc2dedb5b3c …
I hope EVERYONE watches this! Truth!
Hyperbole; it's not a disastrous proposal, you're just painting it so coz it's not single-payer.
Stop being a bigoted demagogue.
love you guys. Classic pic . Let's beat them hard.
If you think that the ACA is so good, then why aren't you on it?
It was disastrous when Obama put Obamacare into being! It's global mirroring to fuse it with international healthcare! You did it!
Your hair is a disaster. Bernie, your funny. Thanks for the laughs.
In the midst of fighting for indispensable progressive issues--please address why Common Cause does not support overturning Citizens United.
Obamacare is so great, yet exempt yourselves from it .
Everyone in, no one left out, #MedicareForAll , #SinglePayer People over profit.
Guess you like long lines. A friend in Canada broke a leg & had to wait two weeks before they could cast it. Can u work at home waiting?
I told u Sanders u need to get Obamacare. And all the democrats that have government insurance  but I no u won't
I'm tired of the lies from both sides. Everyone knows ACA is broken but this has turned into a dick measuring contest between Dems and GOP.
It certainly won't be our best and brightest doctors. They will refuse care unless you have decent insurance
So once we put everyone on Medicare who picks up the remaining 20% that it won't pay?
You traitor.. Buddy buddy with Linda Sansour  bad bad... Resign now....
Tell the truth about Medicare Bernie!!!! It’s going broke and there  restrictions and cut backs.
@IndivisibleTeam @paulajean2018 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOpMTapd5lg&t=3s … @JusticeDems @billmaher @MalcolmNance @maddow
Have either of you actually provided anyone with health care?
CANCEL THE DEBATE - its unnecessary and can open a can of worms we don't need now.  Wait until October 1st.



You’re a social communist you do not belong in America you do not belong in our politics we do not have room for failed socialism
I hope this does not get the borderline republicans ticked off.
Bernie seems to think he has the answers to everything, what has he done over the 70 years he's been a senator ???
Thank you Bernie for keeping the pressure on!!
Go. Uncle. SenSanders.   We need. You. To. Sen. McClain to. All Democrats. Ect Real. Power.To Keep,ObamaCare in tact. And. Millions covered
The opportunity to hear two great men with a dedication to make the world compassionate.
A couple of pathetic Socialist gentlemen
We need to maintain our centralized medicine program to ensure the strength of our great Empire holds. Defeat them in the Senate emperor!
Can you talk about his booster seat, too? Wow! TWO Communist Jews in one room, and ONE is a dwarf!! Must see TV!
B Sanders is old fool socialist-communist.He wants socialism in America,but he wants continue to make money like capitalist.So what is he?

Welcome to Medicare.
Wow two old socialists yucking it up!
Father worked for railroad with stay home mom. Near 80 and earned too much for help with secondary insurance which $1000.00 per month.
Coming from the guy who could be president, but chose a pay off instead. Yeah, you definitely have your constituents best interests at hand.
I'd be ecstatic if either of these guys were President.
Bernie can I use your health care program?I guess not
I would never join you crazy socialist agenda.
SAVE AMERICA FROM THE 'GOP' DEATH PANELS

Hello Bernie Dave here from Canada again. I’ll be watching that debate Monday evening on CNN. You go get em that bill must be defeated!!
I can't understand y the US can't cover all its ppl, GB is a small island and everybody gets health care rich or poor it's not that hard
The reason is 700billion in military spending. I'm sure if they took 200billion and invested it in HC the military would still be fine
Great interview and discussion.
so you want to keep work working Americans broke with the current extremely high health insurance cost?
SANDER IN CUBA A FEW YEARS AGO CATHOLIC POPE AND ORTHODOX LEADER MEET ,!AFTER HUNDREDS OF YEARS! ARE THEY UNITED IN EFFORTS OF DESTRUCTION?
@SenSanders we need your help!!! @realDonaldTrump is trying to start a war with #NorthKorea!!!
SENATOR ANOTHER THING THAT YEAR A MONTH AFTER GORBACHEV RESIGNED WHERE DID THEY GET BOMB ???ARTHRODOX  CHURCH?????
What do u know,nothing you r like the rest of politicians CROOKED!!!!
great a live broadcast of 2 demented communists,  exciting!
Let's look at the one you voted for that was a catastrophe
Reich and Clinton had the opportunity in 1992 for a single payer system. It didn't happen then and it wont happen now. JUST  Cannon fodder!
Why don't you do what Comrade Stalin used to do with political dissidents?
You're a United States Senator! Stop whining and help come up with plan yourself! We need less bickering, and more solutions.
I'm sure you discuss getting govt influence & mkt restriction out of HC to make it more affordable & accessible. Nah, you love govt control.
SENATOR THE PRESIDENT THINK I AM PLAYING GAMES !LET THEM REPEAL ACA SIR!
THE PRESIDENT NAME MUST OF BEEN WRITEN IN TRUE BIBLE! THEY MUST OF FOUND IT !JUST AS THEY FOUND HISLER THE NAME IN THE BOOK OF PROPHECY!
SENATOR BECAUSE I STOPPED THEM  THEY COVERED IT UP AND CHANGE THEIR PLANS THEY STRUCK ON ,9/11 A YEAR AFTER!
TELL THE PRESIDENT THIS IT WAS PROPHESY !THAT IN THE NEW YEAR 2000 THOUSAND SOMETHING WAS GOING TO HAPPEN !THE CHURCH. TRIED TO MAKE HAPPEN!

Try helping to stop it instead of taking the opportunity to promote single payer.
I just want you to go AWAY. You so nothing for my party.
Nothing like two old socialists on their knees for each other. #SocialistPorn
ACA is the real disaster
The world is overpopulated all the BS we see everywhere is the system starting to collapse.
No point in actually applying myself if you steal from me. Why not get a clue to what's actually going on and addressing that.
If my taxes go up again or a hidden tax like the AHCA is. I'm quitting, moving to your state so you can get me free stuff
To take more. Socialism can not work in the world today. There can be occasions it can but not with the population and resources available
Give up all you pay and benefits until you have an equivalent compensation to you states median. Then have someone tell you that they want
