We meet again, Jessika. Hillary lost b/c she was a fatally flawed candidate w/ too much baggage. Deal with it. Bernie would have beat Trump.
Lol your heart is really misguided my sister. Shame
I still haven't seen your tax returns & what about the FEC investigations...??
Sounds like you're in the "swamp" too...!!
What?
Sanders never released his taxes & is under investigation by the FEC & Jane for fraud at the college... They're as bad or worse than Trump!

You're kidding, right?
That was a 2 page summary from ONE year & produced in April 2016...
He refused like Trump to produce any more...!!
At least, he did.
No he did NOT produce his tax returns, he produced one 2-page summary like Trump did... All the other candidates produced multiple years...
What? You think he is hiding  something?
Who built the swamp?
Bernie all He did was create Pond Scum...
45 LIAR
Draining the Swamp means removing all Democrat and Feminist corruption from power... your career will be over, dude.
DT helped make the swamp! He even invited the Russians!
This foreclosure king should be out on the streets with the people he displaced from their homes! He has no morals, or conscious , A MUTT,
There is a back-flow known as Mr Trump that is keeping the swamp from being drained. But his supporters are unwavering.
Everyone needs to retweet this!
We now have the most corrupt government EVER, and I blame the electoral college and the Republicans who aren't incompetent, but complicit.
The devil is in the house .
Snore.  Another generic Democratic message from some idiotic staffer.
See that Trumpies? You've been suckered!
Bernie, you and your ilk are clogging the drain of the swamp.  Move along, stop trying to be relevant, it's not working.  Go 2 ur lake house
You are the swamp. If you forgot, also Trump has denounced the kkk and Nazis, several times.if you can't see that then you are incompetent.
I don't think @realDonaldTrump voters care ....middle class Americans don't care, unless it effects them
From his history of dishonesty and corruption, it was always obvious that he would not drain the swamp, but instead dump raw sewage into it.
Nothing this guy says is true.  To be expected!!!
He makes me physically ill. Not just Trump, but Mnuchin just as much.
bravo! Bernie, I want you to twist this SOB until he cries for mercy.
Mnuchin is Trump's kind of man.
souless
#FakeNews
I never trusted those Goldman Sachs people in Trumps Administration anyways.
Thanks @KamalaHarris. Maybe next time, do your damn job?
Sooo...Steve would know Clinton, then? And...Kamalla Harris?
In addition, he received $900 million in federal bailout money. Read this too:
Another snake and his reptile wife exposed . This mutt is just a tag along , he thinks he's so important I hope they have to pay it all back
U can malign Mnuchin all U like, but the is, I lost my home value & retirement accts under Pres Obama.  For me, buck stopped there!
My family was foreclosed on with a denial to my first request for a modification So this hits home.
This is the same Republican #SteveMnuchin who donated 2 #Democrats #KamalaHarris as CA A.G. letting him off from a banking investigation !!

Steven Mnuchin Donated To One Democrat In 2016; The Woman Who Declined To Prosecute His Bank- #KamalaHarris
https://twitter.com/FactChek/status/891660187383332865 … 
Imagine the potential for profuse corruption by all of them, w/his new govt post: like getting a skeleton key to all of Americas real estate
 and  next time, Nina.
Bernie, you are the swamp. #TermLimits #VoteBernieOut
Put you and your wife's pic in there. HYPOCRITE
Bernie, join draft Bernie already, you know the Democrats are just as corrupt!!!
Where are corporate swamp monsters Pelosi, Schumer, oh yeah Podesta. Amazing he stayed from Bill through Obama, something to do with money?
@SenSanders how many houses do you own again? Might need to sell one, good lawyers are expensive.
He's right in the middle of Trump Swamp, the most toxic swamp in the US
If he is draining the Swamp, you will need a snorkel or more likely a Diving Bell. Bye Bye Bernie, and Fat Jane Sanders. Your personal float
I sippose that depends on which swamp he's trying to drain..
Me.. I pray A LOT!For this nation and all Gods people..That means EVERYONE!
Trump filled the swamp with new scum.  It scares me that we have 3 and a half years left with him in the WH.
7
If only Trump's base would b curious enough to read about this. Actually most voters don't pay enough attention

He brings the swamp in then he drains two left one on right one on the left @SenSanders @NancyPelosi  @SenWarren @JohnMcCain @TheLeadCNN.
It's a hard reality to discover that 45 is the scum at the top of the swamp.
You're wife toyed to drain the banks with BANK FRAUD
What does this scum bag do with some of his money these days? He finances big time Hollywood films. Just watch the credits!

Steven Mnuchin Donated To One Democrat In 2016; The Woman Who Declined To Prosecute His Bank- #KamalaHarris
https://twitter.com/FactChek/status/891660187383332865 … 
YOU AND GEORGE SOROS ARE THE PROBLEM  YOU OWN 3 HOUSES ,  SELL THEM AND GIVE  THE MONEY TO THE POOR.
.@stevenmnuchin1  Another CROOKED  scumbag in .@realDonaldTrump cabinet!!!
@stevenmnuchin1   Steve - how is it ok that you were responsible for so many American people losing their homes?
Trump did drain the swamp. Now we can see all the snakes and alligators.
Go home, spend time with your wife before she goes to prison! #12millionreasons
#Traitor #Communist #SelloutToHillary #MarriedToACriminal 
Good thing Kamala Harris (Dem) gave him a pass so he was available to take the job. W/opposition like that who needs an opposition party?
Well, he also brought in Carl Icahn and apparently he bottled the swamp water  and skinned the alligators for stew Meat and purses.
In Trumpland, up is down. So, drain means stock.
It's just sickening!
But Trump rejected John Allison who was opposed to the Federal Reserve which he wanted to break up as well as imposing more control on banks
Seth rich and shawn lucas died for you. And you sold out.
Please continue to help us keep focused and on a clear objective of what we want to achieve as a movement.
Bernie, you are part of that swamp that's why your all afraid of Trump because he is taking you all down. He is smarter than you think...

Hey Bern,...you do know that YOU are a swamp dweller, right?!
What I don't understand is how could his voters not see this coming?
So according to Bernie anyone who makes money is a bad person.  If someone cannot pay their mortgage they are going to get foreclosed on!
You are the swamp Bernie not mnuchin
Hey Bernie how is it going in Venezuela?  You loved it as being the beacon of socialism!  I'd love for you to move down there!
The only draining thus far has been the draining of the president's picks!
Is your crooked wife's picture in this group?
This is the guy whi foreclosed on many of your friends homes
Yes giving jobs to BILLIONAIRE friends is not draining the swamp
This needs to be told over and over again. We need to expose many others too
I'm still sad . I wish you would be the President. Keep up the fight for this great country. 
#TrumpGo
Bernie was paid off by Crooked,makes Bernie a traitor in my eyes.Wife still under investigation by the FBI for fraud ??
he did, none of them are politicians, thank God
Good thing he didn't employ your wife. God only knows where the National treasure would have gone. Oh I know...her pockets.
I don't know how anyone who is Jewish can still work for him or of any minority group etc.
Just worry about your wife and the investigation. U should be sweating
Voters got rid of a few Rats!
Share this Bernie.  We must unite the little people.
You are the swamp. The leftist communist need to be isolated because they are the racist.
Your right because you, Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, Elizabeth Warren, and Maxine Waters are still there.
Donald Trump is a fraud! (Bernie Sanders).
BERNIE YOU PROMISED YOU'D DESTROY HILLARY & REFORM OUR NATION YET YOU QUIT BEFORE THE CONVENTION VOTES. THINGS CHANGE APPARENTLY.
THANKS @KamalaHarris! @SenKamalaHarris WHY didn't you prosecute this GHOUL Mnuchin when you had the chance?
How can a person who lied in his confirmation hearing get appointed? Vote the ones who appointed him out of office2018/2020.
He's been filling it with swamp monsters!
Good thing he didn't hire you or your wife.  Y'all would've bankrupted the country too.
The swamp is just getting more rotten- need to unleash a few alligators to take care of the rot!
@russglewis who didn't prosecute him when she had the chance? she was bought off by him #NaverKamala
but her wall street corruption!
He did, you're not in it. You mad Bro? #Pinko #AltLeft #CryBaby
He flooded the swamp
Trump and his people are the swamp!
#45 didn't drain the Swamp, he created his own. They all had to give their Loyalty as if he is a monarch.
@SenKamalaHarris @jimmy_dore @RoseAnnDeMoro and you did what kamala? Not enough to prosecute- 5 min clip says a lot Mnuchin and YOU!
May be if @KamalaHarris have locked him up as she should have we Wouldnt have to deal With this Guy anymore. Just sayin
Yeah you are part of the swamp if he could drain it completely most of congress would be gone on both sides
Brilliant; man is a sociopath & the video calls him on it. Too bad no time spent on Anti-eviction Policy as int.rate hikes need this #ACTP
...So what you're saying is that he values money over people. He sounds perfect for the @realDonaldTrump administration.
Is just a few days and a lot has been acomplised, when he drains the swamp, BS is the first to go, u, BS
Tell Trump "You're Fired"... then you take over to "Make America Great again".
Berne HelpDRAIN THE SWAMP  Retire to one of your 3 mansions YOU ONE PERCENTER!!!!
When the swamp is drained, Bernievwill be gone from Congress too.
Greed a deadly and destructive sin against others but ultimately against themselves in a just society.
So you admit there is swamp.
Let Trump fill the swamp in which he'll sink into. Impeachment is near!!
He is also a big time executive producer of movies. IMBD his name and you'll see how wealthy he is.
Why didn't Kamala Harris prosecute his bank?
And why was Kamala Harris the only Democrat Mnuchin donated to?

It's @KamalaHarris's BFF!
It's nauseating to hear about this mans actions and see that he bears no shame. He shows only arrogance and disdain at being questioned.
We misheard.  He actually said "Train the Swamp"

Say someone who voted for a war criminal James Mattis! #spareme the lip service
Oh @KamalaHarris...how ya doing?
It all started when the Democrat swamp cheated Bernie Sanders out of a fair opportunity to become the
presidential candidate.
Great video.
Respectfully the swamp is overflowing. Watch your step.
The 'swamp' was always going to remain stagnant under Trump. Why anyone thought otherwise must have 'gullible' tattooed on their forehead.
Munchin is the devil and it's easy to spot when he's in hearings! His soul is dark!
Knowing all these things about Mnuchin, Devos, Price, how did they ever get confirmed?
Wow - thanks for letting us all know how rich the rich really are
Trump needs to drain the Swamp Starting with YOU and Your WIFE!! Yeh,We know all about your money swindling!  Shame on You! # TRUMP 2020
Trump and his Goldman Sachs cabinet IS the swamp. You haven't been paying attention.









Mnuchin is a Jew who stood by and listened to this ranting racist, Nazi supporting president. Shame on him for not resigning.
Trump was more like dumping toxins into the swamp, this time making it legally to do.
This is somehow racist and sexist towards @KamalaHarris 
Thank you Senator Sanders... we need more like you 
Why were these 'faces of greed' confirmed?
Trump meant getting rid of career politicians interested in their own reelection only.  Do you know any?
Yes he drained the swamp and is now re-stocking with his own undesirables,  family included.
Yup it was Filling up with Poisonous Snakes instead
@TonyAtamanuik says, "He clogged the drain and filled the swamp with Goldman Sachs turds ".
He actually meant you @SenSanders
Mnuchin is a real creep. I had no idea how cold, and heartless he is. Thanks @SenSanders for being smart AND kind, heart full.
Look in the mirror Bank Fraud Bernie. You sir, Mr Millionaire public employee are the swamp
#ImpeachTrump every time he opens his mouth he spouts ignorance, dividing rhetoric, and lies. You're fired Con Don! Dump trump!
Trump is Swamp Thing.

Democrats should say big thanks to @SenKamalaHarris for not prosecuting Mnuchin and she's been already coronated for 2020 by Hillary donors.
wow, did you just notice that?
Get this crook out of office!
Plz name cabinet now so can start vetting them? Will merit, character be determining factor in people you choose regardless of ID Group?
Hows the lakehouse Bernie? Im assuming you are going to share it with all of us?
The swamp is so deep at the White Supremacist House that people are forgetting that Sessions, DeVos, and Mnuchin are huge swamp rats.
What about George Soros, liberals gratefully accept his money?
This from the man who opposed Hillary vehemently and then, of course, supported her.
He probably wouldn't be in Trumps administration if Kamala Harris had aggressively pursued a conviction, as was recommended to her.
Stop, stop your BS
Great-great Grampa Bernie you and Jane should stay away from banks. You two will get into trouble.
Thank you Senator We love & support you but is that one & the same Steve Mnuchin that Kamala Harris failed to prosecute in CA?
Anyone that Trump puts into office are not to be trusted-Just saying !
He did drain the swamp! He provided refuge for all the swamp rats in the cabinet!
U said u wanted to make college free yet contributed to bringing Burlington college to the ground for financial issues
trump drained the swamp, right into his custom built personal sewer, which unfortunately is known as the white house administration.
Can someone remind Mr Trump of his job. He is there to solve problems and not to be a drama queen
You really think you and @realDonaldTrump would agree on who is in the "swamp"?
@M3t4li0 .. Steve Mnuchin is the people your standing behind.. lol
Part of 45's mosh pit for a. Abinetz
your old skin is clogging the drain.
Hey, isn't mnuchin Kamala Harris's BFF?
I know many people who live inLatinAmerica,primarilyEcuador,who swear there's no corruption inUS. Wonder how they arrived 2 that conclusion?
YOU ARE THE SWAMP,BERNIE, YOU HAVE NEVER MADE A LIVING IN THE PRIVATE SECTOR, YOU BECAME WEALTHY OFF THE BACKS OF TAX PAYERS
And you said "Dismantle Wall St." - 'Cuz you're just like Trump. Same plan. To destroy Hillary. Except he won, & now you are getting caught.
Are you slow? Bernie actually fights with big banks in the senate, Trump hired them and Hillary was payed by them.
Donald Trump has oppositional syndrome that is opposite of anything that Obama did or believed
WASHINGTON ELITES WHO BECAME WEALTHY, ON THE BACKS OF TAXPAYERS. IE HOWS YOUR FLORIDA HOUSE BERNIE
NO BERNIE, THE SWAMP IS ALL ABOUT WASHINGTON ELITES, WHO HAVE MADE THEIR LIVING OFF THE BACKS OF TAX PAYERS
Your socialist opinion means nothing to me.
evil fkn reptile
He's a liberal Democrat.  Wow! How quick you are to throw your side under the bus?!
Mr sanders why don't you give your moneys instead draining the middle class with so much taxes. Go to Venezuela US will be like them.
wow Bernie is a bad ass Video producer omg! AMAZING! keep this up its working!
