Let's give them more $ that they can use against us
That's Saudi Arabia you're thinking about.
Washington froze $12B of Iranian assets in 1979. They returned part of this money. It was not a favor, it was Iran's money. Let's be fair.
OBAMA GAVE THEM 40 BILLION UNDER COVER OF NIGHT! Let that sink in..AFTER GIVING THEM THEIR 12B DURING THE DAY.
You know we helped them build their nuclear program?! Can you just face it you're a racist bc you think it's easier than educating yourself?
Why the name calling?
That's what you're going to ask? Not abt rest of the tweet? Islamophobia is racism, our hatred of Iran is based on their noncoop w petro$
I know about the past. But that's it..the past is the past for them like the blacks complain what we did to then in17-1800s. I DIDN'T DO IT
The one they're cheating on. That really makes NO sense
A nuclear deal that sunsets & when it does Iran will have a nuke. Existing agreement doesn't stop tht- jst delays.
Yea, let's go in there overthrow their government, and install a facist state that likes the U.S.! #Whatsmorality #americafirst 
The reason they hate you is because you did what you're promoting once before. They had to use religion to get the country back. Here we are
You might want to read about Iran before the US sponsored Shah. Then come and give me history lessons.
No. I mean the guy before the shah who was the elected leader of Iran until the CIA put the Shah in place. You know. History. As in the past
You know nothing about Iran & Iranian government and I'm telling you that you are very naive and raw. Sorry I am been rude.

The worst thing was the deal of a democrat with  khomeini 39 years ago, so please shut up
We've two major allies in the region, one with with nukes (Israel) interested in crushing Iran. Iran has no incentive to give up nukes.
I 
concur
LIAR. Its foolishness and weakness like this is why we may have to go to war with NK.
How about a fp that does not constantly undermine mod democratic parts of #Iran’s gov in favor of rich dictatorships in mid east.
True but I'm much more concerned about the behavior of Saudi & the US in that region.
You shroud be. Saudi arabia right now killing and murder children with Saudi weapon that USA sold it to them
Sanders, otro sionista del corporativismo Rothschild. Ojo!!
Sounds like we are trying to make a gentlemans deal with a terrorist if their behavior worries you that much.  If so, their word is no good.

Iran is concern about the US nuke arsenal as the only user of NW against civilians... plus invading countries and supporting terrorism ..
The only country besides the USA calling for this is ISRAEL. Not anti Jew just anti ISRAEL.
You are no different to all the rest of the warhawks.
#whathappened
They are looking to start another fake war just like Bush/Cheney. We need to get them out before they cause a nuclear war.
Besides communist u don't have a brain
صادقی می دونی چی میگه و ریت کردی؟ یعنی آدم واقعا اینقدر وطن فروش؟!
What the hell? If you are in America , SPEAK AMERICAN! Or get out!
We must fund Iran with pallets of cash as long as it slows down their nuclear program. Hillary and Bernie trust them, so should you!
What?
Oops, you lost me again.  The US is a far greater problem in the region, and elsewhere, than Iran has ever been. Clean that up first.
But your President isn't intelligent enough to figure that out.
You mean that crappy deal Obama made with Iran allowing them to increase their nuclear capabilities, and threaten us? More screw up denial.
I agree can we give them another 1.5 billion so they can buy more weapons.. U dont seem to concerned about political espionage
C'mon Bernie: do a balance sheet of who has done what to whom. I'd be more concerned about US behavior in the region.
I am more concerned about US behavior in the region
Maybe we should send them more money?   Another plane load?   Will they be our friends then?  Will they stop funding terror?

The worst thing that deal did was feed the beast.  Worst deal ever.
So-called "American exceptionalism" is arrogant and incorrect… As we now know… Not the arbiter of morality… Empathy for the world is the key
Thank you for yesterday's speech @WestminsterColl sir.

I wish americans knew as much their history as you do.

Wish you the best.
No need to be concerned if the US gov focuses on its own people issues like unemployment and health care
Making that kind of decision takes knowledge of an expert team. Not a scumbag billionaire. Iran gov reactions will be unforseen.
Stop being a naysayer just for the sake of being one. Pacifism is asking for terrorists to end up with nukes. See NoKo
sanctions wont help Iranians get rid of the regime.We must mobilize globally against the1% sons of IRGC & mullahs and get back our country.
Trump seems to be a person who wants to see the world burn. By global warming or in nuclear fire it seems. He destroys everything it seems.
I wish you were also concerned with the behavior of the United States in the world. The invasions, the coups and all that jazz.
How come no one's concerned with Saudi arabias behaviour in the region? You guys approve their behaviour or what? Really wanna know
Crushed Iraq after they dismantled WMD capability. Any other country may as well keep making them, at least they will have em when attacked.
The price of oil dropped $1 per gallon after the Iran deal was signed. Follow the money Bernie!
Obama sold nuclear technology to them so they could destroy Us
what a load of crap!!!
Remember when you slammed Reagan for selling guns to Iran to stop communists (which he didn't even do)?
Should be concerned with rogue CIA and US military behavior in the region -violating int'l law and national sovereignty, shameful & evil.
I am more concerned about U.S. behavior in the region. We need to get out. To heck with empire. Stuff here to fix.
It worked so well with North Korea... fool me twice
Right. Let's play patticakes with them. And maybe give them even more money.
The deal works for them not for USA or the Mid East.
There is no nuclear deal. Don't you get it? We can't inspect, so we can't verify. You call that a good deal?
We should send them more pallets of cash and maybe they will give up their pursuit of nuclear weapons
You're a clueless Clown! You don't bribe the bully that steals your lunch daily with $1000 & trust he won't beat u up next week
Israel disagrees...I trust their opinion in the region more than others. Maybe just keep giving them millions in the middle of the night?
Break the deal - we're used to it. But the rest of the world will not impose sanctions, or at least not as harsh as b4 the I+5 deal.
the need for "breaking" the deal is due to iran disguising their violations of it, we basically had to pay them for they to sign it anywY
Deal? Capitulation is more like it. BHO has seen to it that Iran now has hegemony from Pakistan to the Mediterranean. Look at the dam map.
I sincerely question you #intergrity and/or your #sanity.  Perhaps both are lost, sir.  #NOMOREPROFESSIONALPOLITICIANS  #TermLimits  #RIPDNC
Bernie I'm not so sure about that one.
Those deals worked great with north Korea didn't it bernie
Thank you
Let's plays nice and maybe they won't hurt us. Hide under rock
You don't think the best plan is to call them evil at the UN, then tear up the deal preventing nuclear development in the near term?
"Concerned about Iran" and "not breaking the deal" in the same sentence? Haha you old nut. Take your sleeping pills already
The worst possible thing is the Iran nuclear deal #Fixed
Are the terrorists who attacked World Trade Center and Pentagon from Iran or North Korea?
Nonsense
Why are you worried about Iran's behaviour in that region? It is Iran's behaviour that's defeated ISIS and other hardcore jihadists.
Why don't you pretend to be friends with Iran and then sell them out like you did to your supporters Bernie
If you run in 2020, this will be GOP poster everywhere.  Iran was a terrible deal and should not have happened.
Hey your plan worked with North Korea right?
Don't ever stop posting, Berndog.
Would rather make war against #DNC / #RNC, #DeepState /CFR/ #MSM / #WallStreet & #Hollywood than #Russia, #NorthKorea or #Iran
We are concerned far more with the terrorist Saudi and apartheid Israel regimes, Bernie!!!
I am concerned about your wife's #corruption and what part you played.
Staffer: Ask Bernie if he is working part time in the State Dept. ? I suspicion he is.
Thank you Senator Sanders for being the voice of reason. I don't blame normal americans to be so misinformed but why is their president?
Concerned Iran stopped isis from occupying Baghdad?  Concerned Iran is eliminating al qaeda barbarians & jihadi groups in Syria?
sort of like the North Korea deal by Bill Clinton?
"Taking away nukes from a hostile regime is bad" ~ Bernie Sanders 2017
Iran is our ally in our war against radical Islam, as are Russia and Hezbollah. We have more to fear from the US.
You already had a hand in giving them billions. You've done enough for them, Comrade.
No one gave Iran a cent.
Iran's money was returned to them.
The worst possible thing was giving them all that money and trying to hide it from the American people. We were robbed
Is it really a negotiation when someone has a gun to your head....
If you are afraid IRAN is unstable & might ATTACK US ALL WITH NUCLEAR WEAPONS...WHY WOULD YOU TRUST THEM TO STICK TO A DEAL?
Inspections ????
Take your meds Bernie
Right....because leaving nuclear weapons in the hands of the biggest sponsor of terrorism is the right thing to do. What could go wrong? 
Bernie, u brought the ACA repeal up again.  U did it. Could u not have shut up for 30 days & then bring up medicare for all. Now scared all
Tell us your idea to deal with this terror sponsor country (Iran). What is the good in the "deal". And Ballistic missile testing violations?
It's as though people actually believe Iran will hold up their end. Seriously, like they really believe it even though we can't monitor
You don't have to be concern about Iran's 'behavior' ib the region. You are not the principle of the school or police of the world.
If you were so concerned then why did you allowed Obama to make that deal? You liberals all same idiots. Want to complay too late.
Oh how I wish a sane person like you, Bernie, were at the helm. A man whose heart is on fire & who cares about others.
Bernie bows to everyone.
What are they going to do, bomb us?
Isn't it the same deal you all gave the NORKS? Yes, kick the can down the road. It will be you to blame when Israel is nuked.
If we could trace the money and prove it doesn't support Pakistan in any way then maybe you have an argument.
You thinkinv Iran gives Pakistan showz how little you know of tge region, sorry but completely off track on this one
What???  That doesn't even make sense.
But isn't this how the billionaires and the rich make more money? Kill more ppl and start more wars
Thank god Obummer and the rest of you clowns gave 150 billion dollars in cash in the middle of the night to Iran. Maybe you sponsored Nukes?
I appreciate your level headedness during this scary situation.

I can only hope that #BernieFP stands for #BernieForPresident again.
God I hope he does because we know he will lose.
Lol
That strategy served us well in our dealing with North Korea on the same issue. Quick get Bill Clinton on the phone see what he would do SMH
Can we please just focus on healthcare right now?!
I think you mean free healthcare... I noticed your avitar. So you think sex is consensual as long there is silence? Or just politically?
#bankfraudbernie How did you vote on the Iran deal? That's what I thought, you didn't.
1) 1953 - US orchestrate a coup to destroy Iran's secular democracy 1/7
2) 1980 - US unleashed a lunatic, Saddam Hussein, to attack Iran 2/7
3) 1988 - US shoots down an Iranian passenger flight killing all 290 civilians on board, doesn't even apologize, but rewards the killer 3/7
4) 1979 to present day - US has been sanctioning and trying to destroy Iran, harming millions of civilians 4/7
5) 2003 - present US destroyed (among many others), Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen, etc. 5/7
6) US threatens Iran, destroys numerous countries, responsible for millions of deaths. Iran has not attacked a country in over 200 years 6/7
7) Iran, as a result, has a few proxies to deter potential US attack. Can't blame them considering US foreign policy from past 70 years. 7/7
Your pleased with single most enabler of terroism, a country undermining Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Lebanon?
If you were concerned about Iran's behavior in the region, we shouldn't have brokered a deal with them in the first place.

America needs 2 begin eliminating nuclear power.  Next 2 coal it produces horrible toxic waste.  Chernobyl, Fukashima, 3 mile island.
@InSpiteOfTrump Some ones taking a crash course in domestic and foreign policies,still won't be President in 2020.
maybe we could give them millions more like Obama did and if your so concern what the heck would you do
What regional behavior Bernie? Why r u using vague MSM talking points instead of facts? Plz apply ur "concern" to Saudi/UAE/Israel/Egypt too
Typical biased hypocrisy.  You willingly or ignorantly omit the malicious actions of Iran & the vile ideology taught by the Iranian Mullahs.
What if circumventing agreement, say with N Korea?
If no technical violations, would agree.
But should never allow our troops in Iraq to confront a nuke bomb capable Iran, or within the region, a backward ideology.
Don't care what the EU says.

Read this book. Share it with EVERYONE against #DNC. https://www.amazon.com/dp/B075QWMQC9/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_awdb_x_NmAWzbZGQC6VF … Make sure #DNC pays politically for its crimes. #ClintonEmails
A that sir is why I thank God you're NOT president.
Why is no one concerned with Saudi Arabia's behavior? They do official beheadings like Isis does and no one says anything about that.
Are you kidding me? Are you naive enough to believe Iran has slowed it's work on nuclear weapons with this "deal?"
really? iran with nukes mean islamic terrorists with nukes. scrap iran deal, and obliterate iran's nuke making-sites and military.
well, believe what u want. sooner or later, iran will cheat and have nukes. good luck to all of us then.
Believe what I want? NO! I can't believe what I want jennifer it doesn't work like that, there's reality, real things, I know, I live in it.
So Bernie now your a expert in deal making !

But he'll school your ass on governance, civics, organizing & politics, which his actually the proficiency he needs in his current position
Lol lmao triggered much
:) Like that one, huh. Consider it constructive criticism, american twat
Oh no your sooooo hurting my feelings.your guy lost and my guy is president.. sorry your daddy didn't love you
Ohhhh the humanity...fag? That's the best u can  come up with. #triggered
Wait, wasn't I excuse f voting against Russian sanctions Iran???
That has worked so well. Not!
That's why you're not President, Bernie???
BIG BAD #IRAN 

POOR LITTLE #ISRAEL  

 #SAMSON OPTION 

#FUCKISRAEL  @Icon99558924 @realDonaldTrump
Iran is anti-Semitic, anti women, anti gay. A corrupt theocratic dictatorship. But that has nothing to do with the deal. #Keepthedeal
Yeah...don't break the nuclear deal..keep it up and when they pop out a nuclear weapon we can all act surprised like we did with #NorthKorea

