You go Bernie! Healthcare as a human right! 
No it's not. Does the govt give everyone rifles, food and water? No but we can access them. Access is a right.
No money, no access, sweety ⚘
Ok, let's expand on that.  Can I go get a free gun from the govt?  It's a right to bear arms and I can't afford one.
I am not falling for that, sry. This is about health care, not about machines literally made to kill. 
Guns for nobody ⚘
So you want to force individuals to render their services AND take away the right to defend yourself.  Solid morals you have there.
In a functioning democracy there is no reason to defend yourself against the government with weapons ⚘
Coming from a German, you of all people should know how important the right to stop a tyrannical govt is.  Or maybe you just ignore history.
I spent nearly 30% of my income last year and we had no major illnesses, that is with a work sponsored insurance plan as well.
Also known as "how insurance works"
Then it is not working well, thus the point.
I spend 35 - 45%, depending whether I don't/do physically visit the doctor.
Lol no one spends 45% of their income on health insurance. What a fucking lie.
If you're going to lead the Dems,become one. Otherwise,you're a sideliner,and that's not you.Put both feet in the pool#Fighttheschmucks
.@SenSanders has proven he doesn't need to be a Dem to lead Dems, & that's because much of Dem base supports him. #DealWithIt,divisive one.
It's like being a Jew for business reasons but never entering a shul.Either you are or you aren't.#Eitheryou'reinoryou'renot
.@SenSanders is in in terms of being a progressive,& that's enough for progressive Dems who agree with him on ~ everything. #TribalismSucks
Do they agree with him on guns in Vermont?#Inorout
What I do know is that the majority of Dems have a favorable opinion of @SenSanders although he's not a Dem. #Bernie2020
So they like him.They liked McCain's vote on ACA,doesn't make him a Dem.#Inorout
It doesn't matter if he is a Dem, and I now think I am talking to a retard, so we are done.
Government crooks will take it in taxes. We're not stupid Bernie
Just 50% of income in taxes
We are not a socialist economy.
Their HC is more inclusive, better results, and citizens are happy despite higher taxes. America is sick, and it doesn't have to be.
My point was that our economy isn't set up for socialism.
Who will pay for it?
no just an extra 30% in taxes
I do NOT want the government in charge of my healthcare!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yes Bernie so is a million dollars for everyone. How do you fucking pay for it?
This article provides insight: next stage of plan will be figuring out funding. More likely new tax structure:
We could cut WAAAYYY back on our at least 800 military bases around the world and pull out of #Afghanistan.
Your right bernie they wouldn't pay for health care.... it will likely be 60-70% of their income to new taxes instead, higher food costs etc
. No such thing as a free lunch Bernie... but i'm sure you'll scrounge up another pot brownie somewhere
Didn't Obama almost say the same thing? I call BS!
Good news to those who aren't in favor of Medicare for all, in the bill it's written that you can still buy your shitty insurance policies.
You know better than that. When you have large governmental over-reach, you don't get to take home your paycheck
And who will pay? You?
The working middle class would pay 20 to 30% of their income on taxes to pay for Medicare & welfare for everyone else. Wake up socialists!
Thx Bernie, 4 entrusting my/our hard earned income to our EFFICIENT gov't bureaucracy.  BTW: How's the 2nd home Hillary paid for? #corrupt
That tin foil hat is a little tight don't ya think.
That's why australia, canada, and most of Europe are doing well?
keep government as far away as possible.  VA a mess,  SSA a mess, USPS losing money.  Enough said!
US health are cost is 20-30% of income, cause of crooked lawyers, doctors, hospitals, insurance cos, who r screwing the public
But people are so desperate they don’t want to defy Pres Obama but are also so pissed off you can’t pretend anymore
No, we will be paying more then that in taxes to pay for this. How about getting real with medical billing.
It's insane that health insurance - something you may or may not even need - can cost more than a car pmt, even as much as a house pmt
We will give our money to you instead, because you know better how to spend it?
Which one of your mansions are you tweeting this from?? #sellout
No thank you. Pick a house and retire close to where your wife should be residing for a few years.
Raising the BS flag Bernie!!!  Our monthly Medicare withholding would triple. Rich people don't care poor people don't pay taxes.
But who will spend 50-70% of their check on taxes. #AConservativeView
It would be even cooler if I got to keep 20 or 30 percent of the money I make instead of it being stolen by the government.
How is it paid for again? Honest question, couldn't find that in the press release.
taxing the 1%
Not sure that gets you to 1~3 trillion per year, unfortunately. Not a bad idea but I do wonder about the cost.
Nope. Last thing I want is government in my healthcare dictating what I can and cannot do.
Then who is going to pay for it?
You're right it'll become 40-50%
No, they will spend it on other people's health care.
You need a math class in socialism
Better to give it all to you instead, right?
No....they will be spending it on taxes instead, while waiting a month to see a lower-skilled physician.
and government insurance fairy is paying for it all right..Stop playing Americans for idiots Bernie..
Rick Santorum's plan is what will be implemented to replace AHA
Right... it's be more like 40-50% through taxes
Allllllll wrong Bernard @SenSanders
@SenSanders Why did you say in 1987 that Medicaid for everyone would bankrupt the nation? Do you have the guts to answer this?
So it's a shell game with my money? There is no other way than to raise my taxes! Buncha BS!
Instead it will be in the form of taxes.We will die waiting for an operation, have some bureaucrat making life or death decisions.No Thanks!
Medicare for all will make us Greece/Venezuela with no doctors and we'll have to wait 6 months for an operation------No Thanks!!
just 99% of salary in taxes?
And I heard you say that it's not unreasonable to tax us all 90% to provide it. Making everyone slaves to the govt. You're a sick man.
Most know u for what u r. Best find that safe space, dummy.
Does that include YOU & the rest of Congress Bernie? You're such a f*cking Hypocrite old man. Practice what you preach.
30 percent is the tax increase for your plan and that's just the beginning
No..they won't...  It's more like 70-80%
That could be true but what about the $10.00 loaf of bread and the $5,000.00 phone
Sure, but they will give 50% in taxes. Nothing in life is free Bern! Socialism doesn't work, it never has.
Those who #FeelTheBern are living in fantasy land.
https://twitter.com/theamberseree/status/909054154194132992 …
You're a liar.  Not only will they be paying out the butt in taxes, but your pet project is unsustainable.
So, magically healthcare costs will evaporate?name one gov program where the costs have gone down, benefits up.
The health insurance companies are doing a bang up job. Costs down coverage up.
Aca took a flawed system,turbocharged the probs & locked fixes behind the doors of Congress.Bernie wld make this even worse,more divisive1/2
Is 20 trillion in national debt not enough? That's what happened when the last Dem decided to make himself popular by spending irresponsibly
Nope, instead like in the U.K., 40% of your income will go to the Feds if you make 40K/yr or 35% if you live in Ontario. What a bargain!
You need to make sure the naysayers know this isn't FREE health care. That it will result in a significant savings bit it isn't free.
please stop bs'ing us and tell us how it will be paid for. Just be honest.
No its gov control no thanks comi.
Screw you Bernie!  I busted my ass to pull my family out of poverty...NO HELP.  I THINK I'LL KEEP WHAT I'VE EARNED!
If it's so good will you have it? Will the government have the same healthcare as the people? Call it Medicare for suckers
if it was madicad I would go along with it after all its already tax funded but medicare is not its workers payed in funded..
Hey man, if Rand Paul can't shame Congress into giving up war in front of the American people, why you think this gone be? #VirtueSignaling
You just have to qualify by voluntarily handing your ass to them via mandatory vaxxing, RFID chipping, etc. CiaPharma loves feeling needed
And they will have to wait 3 months for a cat scan like other socialist medicine countries
2017 Medicare for all will cost a minimum of $37 trillion in its first decade. Sponsors offer no plan to pay
1987 "Medicaid for all will bankrupt the US" Sound familiar, senator?
And then go sit in freaking long ass lines and waits.. You need a favor from the deep state to be seen.
