Send them home. Let them wait like everyone else who didn't break the law.
Their PARENTS broke the law. The kids didn't have a choice! All they know is America. They shouldn't be deported 2 a country they don't know
These kids are now young adults, many going to college. Why aren't they applying for citizenship? Stop the crap.
....on top of simply trying to survive in the meantime! It's not as cut & dry or easy as you may think! Look into it- seriously!!
I agree.
That is what should have happened in the first place and you should have condemned Obama for circumventing our laws. SHAME ON YOU!
how about congress represents the people's thought on this and change if so and if not leave it alone and enforce the law.
I cannot believe how dumb our REPRESENTATIVES are.  Do they know their jobs?
Hahaha! It is with Congress to fix and LEGALIZE DACA! NOT MASS DEPORTATION! When for DACA, BE AGAINST ABORTION, WHICH IS KILLING CHILDREN!!
Congress properly soured Russian relations, I believe they've done more than enough damage.
Bernie, i see alot of white men and women who are so pissed off that washington takes extra care of Daca's, their very angry
Im glad i dont have a whole mean bone in my body!
Obama had the Senate and Congress and they didn't choose to do anything about it why would we do anything about it now.
No way, end this lawlessness! America first. Let's put our oxygen mask on first in this emergency, then when we're breathing, help others.
These people are Americans in almost every way except on paper. They didn’t choose to come here. They work, pay taxes, serve in the military
That was the point you senile old kook!
BINGO!!! You and all the other congress members need to do YOUR jobs. Compromise and work something out like the rest of Americans do daily.
Go go go go go go.  Now you're getting the idea. He passed you the ball. Run with it.
Isn't DACA a government solution to a government caused problem? Whatever your position on DACA may be, executive fiat was never the answer.
CONGRESS  had 7yrs+ to replace/repeal the ACA, which they promised to do!! No way should they fix DACA OR DAPA. Unless they repeal ACA too.
Or enforce existing immigration law.
Not on our tax dollars you WON'T!  Myself and millions of others ARE FED UP WITH ALL OF YOU! Our $$ isn't for illegals!  How about NO TAX $$
WHAT ISN'T GOING ON IN THE WHITE HOUSE SWAMP? NOTHING RIGHT?? 
HOW CAN WE FIX IT?  IMPEACHMENT AND CLEAN THE WHITE HOUSE!!
Just move to Venezuela already. We don't want you here.
Well - that is the one and only statement you have made on this subject in which I agree with you .
I have little faith that Congress will pass anything.
Agreed!!!
Makes ya wonder why Obama didn't think of that Bern? It should be fairly clear by now why you & Clinton lost. NO COMMON SENSE.
Shut up Bernie
If your wife is convicted of fraud, you must pay up immediately #MAGA
DACA is unconstitutional, though.
It is time for legislators to give them permanent resident status with a reasonable path to citizendhip
Now be truthful Bernie, Congress had years to fix it. Grandstanding over, results necessary, or zip it.
I think that's the point jackass
Check out @ForAmericas Tweet:
The DACA program is unlawful. For an explanation, look no further than President Obama's own words at a 2011 town hall with Univision. 
Congress is so lazy! This is Obamas fault!
We don't want it restored!!! It only helps Illegals. Not Americans, Veterans or Legal Immigrants, DACA is unconstitutional and Anti-American
I agree 100% Sen. Sanders!! Congress MUST take action
The only thing the turncoat republicans will probably agree on this year is saving daca.
Liberals - buying votes til the cows come home & then some
This was your responsibility in the first place.
You realize it's not a law right? I wasn't even strong enough to be an EO, just another @BarackObama failure.  #EndDACA #MAGA
#endDACA
DACA is not a law so there is nothing to restore. Get a grip.
What about the 50,00o homeless Veterans! Our kids don't get free college! Free Ride!DACA=Democrats against the Constitution of America!
So trump is lying he is spreading terrorism and he is mentally obsessed with oppressing me. Its grosssss
They really call up disabled people and harass them say breaking law they threatened to abduct a Jewish girls child.
They're sick mental abuse is out of gear BC they r bad they can't understand someone who isn't about greed but fixing their sick bs they cau
And if anyone listens to my ideas then they act like they're smthibg wrong with them. They want to control and steal from.everyone
It is terrorism. Trump is supporting terrorism Nazism terrorist. Its really gross they've been abusing me a long time
The black ice scoop and the new employees and they are liars anyways they've been using the black thing a black brush at my workout
Abuse me and other Americans. The truck was black with the half huge cross like Jesus. The guy at whole foods was like was it me who left
Working with British royalty perhaps who make up Jesus excuses to murder and pollute so he is being unamerican and helping other countries
Grow up! We wouldn't be in this problem if it wasn't for you and your ego. Don't ever run again for president. You played a big role in this
And it is a crime they are so busy using government oppression laws to harass like marijuana they forget about hate crimes and they are
Grosssss their so sick I was right about trump lying about Amazon and we are going to have to let public know he is spreading Nazism
If Bernie tweets, it's a sure sign of Foolishness
Lies religion or fraudulent lawsmeant to oppress and hurtits BAD THEIR BAD
Yuk they are the unamerican oppressors thieves and murderers yuk their gross no one should be forced to have a sicko like them stalking usin
HERE IS YOUR CULPRIT!!!
Its so sick so gross these Nazis actually are trying to blame me for their violence their Nazism in america and worldwide. I am the good guy
They're using drug war as excuse religion all the stupid ideas they started wars. Trump is unamerican. He is not making America great
Move to Venezuela Bernie
Why does he need to move?
If xenophobia, racism, or whatever else, is too scary for you, there are countries already like that, that would gladly take you in.
I have endured 8 years of Obamas bullshit, I'm not going anywhere.  MAGA.
This sick government watching and abusing me using bible as excuse is illegal and unamerican
There was a black truck with a wood stake like Jesus cross pulled out side rode. Truck not neighborhood. They've been abusing me all morning
One of the things north Korea said is empirical reasons they don't like him.
Making them look bad. Just like queen Elizabeth and her natural has earth milling parties and her grandson bragging of murder.
Jesus isn't the bad guy its mentallyill abusers that use Jesus as their excuse to hurt others. He actually puts Christian s at risk BC hes
Not surprising Bernie supports illegal activity! #DACAisILLEGAL
Wow.  The Legislative Branch should write a law rather than having a president act like a monarch?  What a novel idea.
He gave it back to you where it belonged in the first place. Best President  ever!  #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
No, we should end DACA. #AmericaFirst - help our kids first, not illegal immigrant's kids. #EndDACAnow
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @VP @POTUS Don't count on Do-Little #Congress to do anything immediately! 
#DACA
U mean sweatshops and visa/doca workers for the oligarchy to kill all small/medium business? U sound more like a lobbyist everyday. TaxSmart
well bernie you see congess can't do anything for the American ppl, why would they do anything for illegal aliens?
No they must act quickly on Tax Reform. We have had enough of you guys...Trump stands with America. He is doing the right thing.
REALLY??
Congress should've acted initially;U should've pushed it. @POTUS44 enacted this as temp&left for others to fix. Not @POTUS fault. Take blame
Having said that,I don't see how we can tell ppl who've been Americans to go home-what home?could we send our child to random country? Mess
obama has blood on his hands. How many children have died when their parents put them on trains headed to USA? How is this a good idea?
Agreed, now Democrats must be willing to accept an imperfect yet meaningful solution. No more red lines in the sand for politics sake.
Congress should have acted on obamas illegal DACA executive order its congress fault for allowing that to happen where were you then
Even Obama admitted that DACA is unconstitutional. Our own American youth is in direct competition with people who are here illegally.
Trump is doing the right thing by forcing you in Congress to do your job, and resolve this issue that you and Obama created.
So, the flood of illegal immigrants into our country caused a massive problem for our own citizens which the Democrats created.
Bernie, Bernie...no, it was never legal in the first place, they cannot restore what never was...just stop, you FRAUD...
They are not citizens of this country. They have no right to be here. Many are criminals. What is wrong with you?
Ran into a few of your antifa supporters the other day . Hint I'd stop trying to destroy the Constitution and just be quiet

No @SenSanders It would just be enforcing the immigration laws we have. We are a nation of laws. Its about time we respect them.
Barak Obama bypassed congress when he created this program. Congress should have no say! End Daca now deport all illegals!
That's the point.  You, and Congress, have failed to do your jobs.  @POTUS is forcing you to get back to work.
Hahahahaha. POTUS is an ignorant ass.
So what's your response to this Bernie? Obama basically saying that he couldn't & shouldn't sign an EO on dreamers. Laws in place.
You mean congress should actually do their job (for a change)
I think NOT!
Because you know everything and what is right lolk
Congress is getting the banana boats ready for deportation perhaps you and your wife may wanna hop on toov before fbi come w warrants
Why didn't Congress do it to begin with?  Because Obama illegally and unconstitutionally changed the law.  Suck it little guy
Restore what? An executive order which circumvented congress and our laws.
LMAO Right! Good luck with that one. 
You are an addled old man. What can Congress do to restore DACA if Trump doesn't SIGN it?
Give it up!  YOU WILL NEVER, EVER, EVER BE THE POTUS EITHER!
Why have you waited until now to complain? Maybe if you had done your job, we wouldn't  have to deal with DACA?
What congress you old fool?
From a young age they brought me, from a young age I called this my home, from a young age they fought me, now I don't know whats my home.
Or just sell us all out like u always do
Charging windmills again?  Coffman et al introduced Bridge Act last yr. If it passes, won't be because of ur useless bleating
If Trump ends DACA, Congress must act immediately to restore it.
Considering it didn't go through Congress the first time, why bother now?
If Trump ends DACA, Congress must act immediately to restore it.
God, even Bernie's distracted from prioritizing the 45 million Americans who live in poverty.  No wonder he's lost support... 
And it's still not law.
Funny!!!! Congress can't get anything done!!!
Never 4get that are a co-equal branch of gov't, @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr.  If U believe what U, yourselves have been saying, step up now!
Keep kicking the can down the road Bernard.  Go drink some Seltzer.
JUST WORRY ABOUT YOUR WIFE AND HER FRAUD CASE AND HOW YOU THREW DISABLED PEOPLE OUT ON THE STREETS.
thanks curly app it
Why no compassion for Veterans?
They aren't his voting base.
How about you and other do nothing, self agrandizing senators and congressmen, get off your asses and pass something then.

Should have been done six months ago . H-2B visa are full of corruption I know you democrats can do better then that.
You guys have created slave labor.
Obama should have had Congress pass it instead of unconstitutionally doing it unilaterally himself. Shows what an arrogant clown he was!
NO!!
Fuck dada. Send them all home
Sanders,  you AND your colleagues are obligated to fix this immigration problem.  STOP the b.s. talk AND take action.  THIS is a nightmare.
This on you
They are passing it off to congress? That's the whole point. Obama spent 18$ billion on border patrol and has the most removals
What about the 10 states suing the Govt to end DACA?
Why is it, that American veterans do not qualify for programs that cater to illegal immigrants do  who don't pay into those same programs
Never gonna happen socialist...go to venezuela.
Lol, take it up with your pal Obama.He bypassed congress to get it in place,perhaps if he didn't do it illegally there wouldn't be a problem
Yes sir!! Very interesting... https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1682749695151411&id=346937065399354 …
High time for Berniaks to take the best but demand far more. If Bernie dismisses our concerns, as he's known to have done, well....
...after all it's putatively "OUR" Revolution...
They're illegal & don't give a crap about taxpayers & citizens who have supported them. They need to take responsibility for their own lives
No. Congress should not hold people with #DACA enslaved in the jail that is the US. These folks can't travel and live in immigration limbo!
Hey @SenSanders get off your hands and get something done stop relying on executive orders and sentiments. 44s was a bandaid not solution
Wow, imagine that, the separation of powers actually working.  You're not as ignorant as you often come off.
Bernie, you know that Congress rejected the Dream Act already.  And Obama then violated the will of the people.  So no reason to restore it.
As ALWAYS...you’re JUST STUPID and WRONG
If @POTUS ends DACA thats that, unless you are ready to over throw our Government for people who aren't even citizens, you need to shut up.

you guys missed your opportunity to do your job long before Obama whipped out his pen. Your all talk, he is motivating u to do your damn job
Funny, I never met anyone that scaled a wall, avoided gunfire, swam through oceans, to go from capitalism to socialism. #SocialismSucks
no they just get on a plane from the United States and move to Europe lol
unconstitutional! Obama broke the law!
Disagree
unconstitutional!
That's why he gave u six months to fix it! Try working instead of tweeting! He is not heartless, he just wants u to fix this legally!
WHY ?
I wish Twitter would add a dislike button so I could push it 1000's of times on this page,  why am I hear to say that of course now Im gone
. Screw you #Bernie , we can see and hear you #DACA #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers #Dreamers
How dumb is this man?  Hillary stole the nomination from him then he endorses her?  Just zip it Bernie. Who listens to you?
Congress doesn't know how to actually do anything though 
LEGAL CITIZENS DO NOT MATTER TO YOU AT ALL! SO #RESIGN..It is your DUTY and OATH OF OFFICE to PROTECT &SERVE AMERICANS!
if he ends it, you can convince your cohorts to pass legislation to solve the unconstitutional issue. Do your job.
No Bernard, you're wrong again.
when were ever right about anything?
Immigration is Congress job. Trump just removed exec overreach by removing exec order preventing enforcement of congresses laws. Do ur job
If this R congress restores it... thats the end of their careers.
Oh, so something you might actually cast a "yes" vote on?
That's the WHOLE point, Dopey.
The way big O put this into play was illegal to begin with #senscammer
I get that you don't understand econ, but how are you this lost on civics? Who the hell do you think signs legislation to make it law?
nope
President Trump won the election for a reason bern.... America comes FIRST!!!
What is DACA
It was never a confessional vote.
I fully agree with you on that one
Be proactive and start the legislation NOW!  DACA must be converted from an executive order to a bill.
#EXECUTIVE ORDERS ARE NOT PASSED BILLS, Do your job #BernieSanders if you want #DACA To stay
#BERNIE you guys used those KIDS for Political reasons.. You had 6 years to put this into law and you didn't but now try to do something
#MAGA Bernie u got bought off by HRC with a lake house. No credibility 4 u. Turn your own lake into swamp. We are tired of the D.C. Swamp.
Haha Educators are born in old Bernies family woodwork must be such a strong core subject requiring specialised six figure genius teachers
Or risk losing millions 2 tech co. providing human implants disguised as medical RDIF chips. All americans 2 b chipped soon mandate in ACA !
..congress! Trump is giving you 6 months to get your shot together! I don't care I followed the law and did it right!
Can someone please buy bernie another vacation home so he shuts up again?
The people who do it right? 13 years to get my brother 2 the US! Should I have him run across the border? Obama went around.....
interviews! I put myself through school & taking nothing from the government! Yet you fall all over the illegals what about.....
Immigration reform is needed I came legally to America! Waited in line had my interviews and paid my fees! I then had more......
Will congress get it done?
Sorry Bernie not this lot totally owned will never do the right thing while in power
Your out of your mind, it was unconstitutional, and this coming from a man who lived with his mother well into his thirties.

Socialism is dead... just like DACA! Neither represent what the AMERICANPeople want or voted for! Move to Mexico!
Disagree
Marxism??
Let the illegals move into one of your houses if you want them so bad. Support them on your dime.
Yeah They'll have that mofo destroyed in less than a day
