Be Prepared for HUGE VOTER BACKLASH GOP!
They got elected on the specific promise to repeal obamacare.
I understand the reasoning, but the worm has turned & ppl (except some Trump voters) favor ACA over TRUMPCARE 5 to 1
I didn't support Trumpcare either. Government should be out of the picture completely
U obviously haven't had any medical problems. Pre ACA Ins co raised rates 10% yr, wouldn't cover Pre-Ex, & would arbitrarily deny procedures
I lost my thyroid to thyroid cancer, but shitty assumption. My insurance put a rider on anything thyroid related and I'm ok with that.
Touche, Your Assumption Univ Ins'd be unaffordable was to quote u a shitty assumption too. You're okay w/having a rider? Not needed w/M4ALL
Medicare for all has the potential to balloon to astronomical costs. $1.7t is wildly optimistic. What if something like a plague comes?
As it should be. Obama care has ruined health insurance.
No one is talking about the KOCH threat to GOP. They said, no repeal, no money for 2018.. Its KOCH CARE not Health care...Lets make it viral
Looks like the Koch brothers will stop paying them until they repeal it.
Said but true comment on the state of our democracy 
THIS BILL MUST NOT PASS!! No protection for preexisting conditions, no guarantee essential health benefits, GUTS MEDICAID! Beyond cruel! 
What's cruel is forcing others to pay for another person's insurance,.Premium and deductible so high I am broke with no insurance.
Repealing Obamacare is only going to make things worse for you.  Especially with what they are calling "replace".
Then it needs to go back to how it was were I pick a affordable non government controlled  insurance plan. NO socialism!!
Smh! 
WAKE UP, people! Call your Senator DAILY (like I am) and firmly tell him/her to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy Bill!
We should have the same health care that the Congress has. It's up & running, successful & we deserve it.
Let's create 50 state bureaucracies to administer health care instead of having just one. That will make it better.
Wake up America!  This bill destroys ACA and Medicaid handing huge $ to states.  State programs?  Corruption and disaster.  Death panels!
"Block grants" to the states are designed to CUT funding to the states, forcing states to either raise taxes or cut programs.
That garbage that is ripping me off should have never been done. Unconstitutional ,forcing me to buy insurance or be fined.
Yeah, I don't know how many people can handle another double digit rate increase
The double digit rate increase is caused in large part by Trump’s threats to pull the subsidies.
So the program can survive without subsidies... sounds like a real winner
@maddow @voxdotcom GREAT
To repeal this care is to destroy any legacy Obama left behind
GOP needs this to pass to get their Koch $$

https://twitter.com/mareoak/status/910492752978350080 …
Chronic Pain Patients at #shareourpain need to stop this bill from moving forward! Getting meds already major problem as is!
Everyone call ur LEGISLATORS to OPPOSE THIS!!
Tell that to millions broke  and no usable insurance after paying for others!!
Why isn't public health seen as an investment in the future?
Commenting on Facebook and Twitter isn't going to be enough. Mass demonstrations in the streets across the country are going to be required.
Yes, but please keep them peaceful.  I hear the GOP wants to make demonstration related injuries a pre-existing condition.
And will dump protection for ppl with pre-existing conditions
The hard right side of the GOP don't care. They don't think government should supply healthcare,  that healthcare is not a right.
What is the rush to repeal and replace  Obamacare take your time get it right put something good on the table that people can live with.
The rush is because this is their only chance to do it with only 50 votes. Hard right GOP does not believe that healthcare is a right.
McConnell, Graham, Ryan, Cassidy and others violating our democracy should be charged with and tried for treason
And Trump, Pence, Spicer, Sanders and on and on and on...
McCain to vote no
GOP
FIX OBAMACARE
OR
ARE YOU TOO LAZY TO DO THE WORK?
TOO STUPID TO UNDERSTAND HOW?
DON'T GIVE A SHIT?
ALL OF THE ABOVE?
Why are you clinging on to a failing, and costly ACA? None of your arguments make any sense at all.
Iowans do not trust our State to handle healthcare.  Someone needs to investigate issues we are having since Iowa privatized Medicaid.
I pray so!
This includes MORE than Obamacare... it will theeatena Medicaid and Medicare... can you afford THAT?
This is a casualty of Battle fatique....months of fighting and "boss" POTUS, they will sign amything to get him,off their back.
Forgive intrusion "free at point of access for medical help" key political focus then tax. Vital to claim "Great" maybe in either country?
Gop members better hope they never get sick with an illness considered pre existing conditions 
They too would be screwed.
Just say no
I hope so,it cost me dearly when my plan was cancelled by ACA.Can't be dumped too fast to suit me.ACA is so badly written it can't be fixed

Omg!  Lindsey Graham can go to hell.
Do you think they will make the bill public days before a debate and vote or just ram it through in secrecy? Maybe it will have tax cuts.
It needs to go. All you libs suffer from a mental disorder.
This all goes back to Citizens United..these people don't need to work for us any longer they have corporations funding their campaigns now.
They just have to do something on # long time promised of Obama Care!.
Naaaaa
Fools
Hey if you like your ohbastard care you can keep your ohbastard care
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/910316417492193280 …
Resist....
They should give us the same insurance they have. Otherwise, why are they trying to saddle us with this horrendous bill?
The Dems need to get their own house in order! Your bashing DT won't do you any good in 2018!
The Democrats had all 3 branches of govt Obama's first 2yrs in office. Could have fought for Single Payer but chose to fund the military.
If they vote for this the GOP will be committing suicide.  No votes for them in 2018.
republicans have done so much damage - let them put their lifetime guarantee of health coverage on the line not the ours.
So sad:(. So much suffering with repeal of ACA.  ALL IN THE NAME OF A SO CALLED WIN FOR THE GOP
Theyre just evil!!!! Always talking about their darn Christian values.... give me a break!
If so so thousands will die.  Andbthebrepublican party will be  destroyed

It really would be if LG wasn't involved. Clowns aren't taken that serious.
@maddow @voxdotcom life don't end here on earth we all have to answer to our creator we are responsible 4 our actions
Whatever they come up with should be the Congressional Healthcare package as well.
#GOP attack on
the #middleclass &
#poor MUST END!

It's a disgrace & #SHAME.

#Trump #Trumpcare #trumpcare2 #trumpcareKILLS #GrahamCassidy
Sick to death of the GOP trying  to deliberately hurt the citizens with their nasty HC Bill.  They don't even know how insurance works.
A vote to repeal is one step closer to getting voted out
Why won't lawmakers take on insurance companies and AMA? That's what's wrong with health care & politics- special interest $$$$
They don't want insurance companies and Big Pharma to cut off their bribes. Simple.
o care IS the threat
Wall Street tax cuts..dude...u really want Wally Street to get richer..gosh thats really messed up..cutting healthcare to help billionaires
Medicare for all
Thank goodness. Hurry up already
Lindsay Graham shame on you and you should have to be poor for a day
Obamacare sucks. Nobody can afford it.
Really.   Every time you get sick you run to the emergency room
This is so sad I have two type 1 diabetics and they have a pre existing cond. it's not their  fault
Your foolish action will come to haunt you sooner or later. Do not play with the life of millions,
Impeachment is in order, and NO REPEAL NO REPLACEMENT
Remember what McCain said when he voted no.

If my Healthcare is affected and rates go up , I will be sending trump the bill. YESI will!
He needs to be impeached!
Hope NOT
Let's hope it's not. Lawmakers were sent to washington to make good laws and protect us. Their jobs are on the line if trump gets his way !
Graham/Cassidy bill supporters are nothing more than Insurance Company Whores.  Americans already spoke & said no to replace & repeal.
Screw Obamacare we need Berniecare
Shameful
vote no, again, Senator McCain, once more with feeling
Once again a bunch of white males deciding about our health with no representation from We The People.
Well we see what happens when a bunch of liberals vote for something (Obamacare) high prices and very little coverage
The republicans have really showed America who they really are!
yeah, pass it quick so you can say you did "something" before your end of September break.
#lazy ass frauds
Probably bc the insurance companies drafted this evil. The godless GOP truly hates Americans. Why else would they jeopardize 23 million?
Right, they all claim to be Christians ,but don't care if people die. Don't want abortions, but don't want Healthcare to pay for birth. ???
All You Congress Should Pay Your Shares Nothing Free To Any of You
they have to replace obama care with trump don't care
NOT!!!
These Senators need to remember, they are NOT there to fulfill a FAILED Trump "promise", but make sure ALL constituents get healthcare.
Do it RIGHT. Follow McCain's lead and follow REGULAR ORDER. That way the BEST healthcare will be achieved.
Stop calling it Obamacare.
#GOPdontCare #MakingAmericaSickAgain #SaveACA
