We already pay for universal healthcare - it is called the emergency room. Medicare for all is much much cheaper!
Life. Liberty. Pursuit of happiness. All come from within. Rights emanate from within not from others.
#LessonInFreedom
Again, ask any victim of human trafficking and they'd disagree. It's easy to say that when you have them and others don't. Just like how
Healthcare is not a right.  It is a privilege.  No where is the constitution does it say you have a right to healthcare.  NO BIG GOVT
Preamble covers it! Let's demand life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Let's pursue health! #MedicareForAll #SinglePayerNow
#MedicareForAll equals the fall of the US health system as we know it and more people dead then ObamaCare has already killed!
To everyone who thinks Bernie was a spoiler, pls pay attention. He's spearheading real & needed change. & I did vote for Hillary in natl.
No dummy.
* The right to...  Life.  They are going to make.
There are no rights you are born with. There only made up by man.
What else are we here for if not to take care of each other. That's what rights are for!
Rights are God given. No human intervention required. Rights come from within not from other people.
Owning firearms is a right and God has never made a gun. And just like every right they CAN be taken away. Ask any victim of hmn trafficking
That's not an argument. Those who are trafficked have a RIGHT to be free, whether they are trafficked or not. Same with self defense
But unless a right can be used, it's worthless. And again, unless you've been there then you're speaking about that with which you know not
All these silly democrats are cracking me up today. #medicareforall is a losing slogan. #maga #Trump2020 #repealObamacare
Losing to #corporatocracy
And losing to corrupt politicians who choose profits over voters everytime.
 sure!
And corporate profit from suffering is a crime.
Yes! The US should be taking care of all Americans! We work hard, pay for insurance and need that insurance to be good & affordable.
How are we going to pay for this? I get the passion. Reality is nothing is free. Also does this allow freedom of choice?
We would pay more in taxes, but half of what we're paying for shitty coverage now. No copayments, no extra little bills.
I agree we would pay more in taxes and it would raise our debt level. My issue is we will lose choice. Our population makes this expensive.
yes it is but the repb. dont care bout people being alive n heathly !!
@Gains__ @SenSanders But how will it get votes to pass in this congress? This effort is futile....focus on ACA!
We have to start somewhere.
I am all for single payer but pursuing now is futile and a distraction from fixing ACA.
We have one too many agency's get rid of homeland security and national guard branch and you have free universal health
How bout we get rid of you instead, I prefer National Security over your ignorance.
you are wrong.

Thank you for supporting #MedicareForAll governor!
Where does it say that in the Constitution? Is this your failing attempt at fixing your failing ACA? Not good!
That's a talking point. This is their answer to a failing ACA they pushed thru; a bigger Government controlled, minimum choice system.
So you will be in the same plan
Rights are inherent, not created by government by stealing someone else's labor.
This will go about as well as that POS plan that you completely failed on and then had to avoid running for reelection.
Amen
I don't understand?  Won't that negatively affect the rich people that need tax cuts?
Seriously guys, can't you just agree that healthcare for all is a right and the goal is to get there?
Life liberty and the pursuit of happiness are basic human rights free abortions not so much
If you can't steal enough $ to pay for it, is it still a right?
Everyone gets covered. No one goes broke. #MedicareForAll
It is not a right, you have a right to what you can afford, you do not have a right to make me pay for it for you
Show me where in the Constitution it says, Life, Liberty, The Pursuit of Happiness, & Free Health care for everyone? Go ahead, I'll wait.
If they remove the provisions for estate recovery and they have my support. I'm losing my dad's trailer because of the estate recovery act.
Is that a medicaid recovery provision?
A right? That's strange, do they have those same rights in Somalia? Calling it a right doesn't equate access.
Lots of ways to achieve universal coverage. Medicare for all may not be the best way to achieve it. Can't make it a litmus test.

Can we change this to Universal Haelthcare?!
People saying it works in Canada is like comparing apples and the Universe. CA 35M USA 324M  Plus 11 M illegal aliens. $$$$ Computer syst $$
I love these people talking about where is healthcare in the bill of Rights, but probably don't know any amendments past the 5th
Use ePluribus to be heard by your reps!!

California Resists Please help us Impeach Trump. Nazis on my laguna beach. Wtf? Is going on?

You have the right to pay me fairly for my services! I wouldn't be able to afford my student loan payment under socialized med wages.
If a leftist puts a bill out there ALL Dems line up to support it no matter how devistating and expensive it is! Sad but true!
You literally killed single payer in VT in 2014.
No one said it was a privilege.........putting us all in more debt is for sure not a right
Link to the bill? Have you read it yet? Or are you towing the party line?
A right is something you do without permission, not something you take without paying.  Any good/service is not a right.
Thank you for supporting our Bernie
Is free healthcare a right? If so do I have the freedom not to pay for someone else? Medicare will be insolvent in 10 yrs. Who pays?
Will you be participating or will you be exempt and have private insurance?
Do you have to ask? People like this are happy to live in ivory towers telling the little people how to live.
it is not a right...you fool
Not in the United States.
I can prove it isn't a right...
How much healthcare do you have a right to?
Were was your call for #MedicareForAll when Obama was president. You didn't care then and you don't care now showboater
Oh right....life liberty, pursuit of happiness and free healthcare.
I wish we didn't even have to parse 'right' vs 'privilege' & instead cd just classify healthcare-provision as gesture of basic human decency
#MedicareForAll gives the best opportunity for posturing and soundbytes
Works in Canada
stay out of America's pocketbook! #smallergovernment #letUSearnedmoney #3rdpartyspending #yourtaxdollarsatwork
you were a terrible gov, keep your opinion to yourself, no one cares what you think
Where exactly. .in what document says it's a right? Stop making false testimony.
