If Trump doesn't condemn racism, that means he is also racist.
Just because someone doesn't say what you want them to when you want them to say it, doesn't mean anything other than you're demanding
Sorry, but what you said doesn't apply to a President of the USA. He is a public servant for everyone. He should condemn racism!!! Period
Trump:"Racism is evil...Thugs, including KKK, Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists, and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear"
Maria please share the facts with the class .... we'll wait ... we have until 2024

Lmfao memes are not facts - still waiting
The fury of God just beginning.
If you cant do the crime dont do the time. Jail and prison are punishments not vacations
Your quote is backwards much like your thinking. Correctional institutions are not there to subject prisoners cruel and unusual punishment
If they were it would be fine with me. Maybe scum bags would think twice before robbing raping and murdering if they were!
So pay criminals back with other crimes? When they get out what do you think their chances of recommitting another crime is?
Probably less than if they have a country club experience. Would you wanna go back?
Nobody is asking for a country club. Torturing prisoners isn't a positive for society.
Criminals aren't positive for our society, and your definition of torture is much different than mine.
Heat prostration in the summer, frigid temps in the winter, shameful pink underwear, and rape. Lots of rape. Rape isn't a just punishment.
Only the left, would consider criminals; victims.
Wrong! In 1994 President Bill Clinton passed fair crim act making sure criminals did at least 85% of their sentence. Even moms with babies
I have no Fcking idea what you just said. Haha
Nope. Not upset at all. Just like when Hillary tanked and Liberals cried, I was laughing.
Obama takes the prizevfor pardons!
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
But yet, you had no issue with the 200 + criminals that Obama pardoned, but had a problem with Arpaio who did nothing but carry out the law.
You call shacking women who are in labor, forcing ppl to die in tent cities in freezing cold and sweltering heat carrying out the law?
The immigrants he held in the make shift jails were law breakers according to Joe. He was also a law beaker. Lock him up!
And make him do his time in a tent o
Exactly why he should do his time in a tent. I am for it not against it
Trump doj prosecuted him. He did break the law
It is even the law breaker he is protecting is a bigot that traumatized women and children because of the color of their skin.
Hang him! We can't have cops enforcing the law!
So tents are okay for the Troops but inhumane for the bad guys? Come on work with me here, that is as stupid as it is idiotic
I know following the law is a new concept for Democrats but it's the law
I briefly lived in phoenix, that guy should be in jail, in his "tent city". How did he get elected so many years? Insane.
Old Joe is an awful person. A pardon is totally insane. Wait......oh, Trump is at it again.
You're clearly brainwsshed by MSM. Sheriff Joe was ONLY ENFORCING AMERICAS LAWS ON ILLEGALS! If you don't like laws, you're free to leave!
a lot of people here seem to forget that criminals are still human fucking beings.
and unless you can prove that all of the people in these prisons are guilty beyond a shadow of a doubt i don't wanna fuckin hear it
I hear ,if you put your fingers in your ears,you can block everything but dog whistles.
>conspiracy bullshit instead of actually trying to counter my points
>simple name, ton of numbers in the handle, no bio, no profile
bot.
tfw this gets retweeted by a different, completely unrelated bot
wtf is happening
Just put your head back in the sand and await the next hateful dog whistle from your masters.
#ignorepotus
If you don't consider @realDonaldTrump YOUR president, either you're a anti-american or illegal. Either way, you should leave this country.
It's not likely they want justice. Criminals often don't.
It's jail not summer camp.  I think all prisons are to soft.
Mr. Sanders I support my PRESIDENT ABOUT HIS DECISION! !!! Sheriff Arpaio was doing HIS JOB! !
actually he wasn't. He was warned many times. Get your facts straight.
There is 1 question nobody asks Arpaio or @realDonaldTrump: why didn't A consult his legal dept whether he could pee on the court decision?
What is going to happen to Arpaio and Trump? This can't go unpunished, we live in the USA, not Russia, N.Korea, nor Siria.
What are you talking about?  What can't go unpunished?
I'm with @SenSanders let's make sure prisons have sleep number beds, gourmet dining and 5 star amenities. Make breaking the law great again
The guy did a stupid thing, he didnt deserve that. Thats inhumane.
an inhumane action deserves an inhuman responce!

those aren't good people in there!
from someone who has never fucked up I'm sure.
oh i've fucked up...just never fucked up enough to go to jail! im smart like that.

the majority of Amer. are good. yet some defend the evil
it has nothing to do with smart, wrong place/wrong time. Bad judgement, a literal mistake, doesn't make someone evil.
uhm yeah it does. 

they earned their punishment.

i don't want criminals to enjoy jail. only place in America where everything is free.
Arpaio is a criminal, so i agree with you.
Don't the victims of your wife's fraud deserve justice?
Guess you forgot kate steinly senator!
Sorry, but Sheriff Joe was just doing his job by deporting ill legal criminals. Legals WELCOME TO AMERICA! illegally not fair to legal!
Why not bring him up on charges for these crimes? Trump only pardoned him for contempt. I guess facts don't matter much to you, though.
Your out of touch. GO AWAY
They will not get justice under this admistration with a corrupt, immoral President.
It was a corrupt and immoral president that sicced a judge on the sheriff,because he was doing what the president refused to do.
Arpaio is a worthless piece of shit and of course the pretender in chief pardoned is poisonous dripping ass. Must b overturned.
I live in Phoenix and I hated Arpaio as Sheriff. Shouldn't have to fear the Phx Police due to my ethnicity. Racism begets Racism.
Let's see Donald Trump put his children there for two weeks just to see how humane the sheriffs jails are in Arizona
I think that the entire Trump family should go undercover as regular inmates for a week in sheriff joes wonderful holiday camp! So humane
This guy is pure evil
MAMA!
He drove drunk. Who the hell cares where he slept while in jail?
People who understand the concept of justice.
you're the type that wants prison to be more of a vacation right?
No, I'm the kind of person that wants prison to make society safer. Cruel and unusual punishment does nothing to help prevent crime.
There's Bernie standing up for criminals again with zero regard for the victims of their crimes! You disgust me!
Let's talk about the abuses going on in every Corrections Corporation of America facilitys,Private run prisons
You know the corporation that's trying to capitalize on crime ,by building more beds per unit,
you mean the industry that was created out of a need due to all the crime we have in the US?
It's a shame he didn't get to spend some time camping st one of his jails.
Were the facilities worse than our troops in Afghanistan?
Why? Did they volunteer and get paid?
That wasn't the question, was it?
You didn't really want an answer did you? You were using false equivalency as a red herring weren't you?
No. Weren't the prisoners there for a reason? Equal concern for their victims? Truth is none died of heat stroke did they?
It's actually horrific.
The county has paid out 140 million for wrongful deaths. People arrested for riding their bikes on the wrong side of the street-dead
A  over weight Sheriff who is a racist bigot and to be pardoned by Trump after defying a Judges ruling,the Judicatory
Socialists know nothing of brutality except what you create with your lies.  You never ever tell the truth, just lies and more lies!!!
Joe better cut down on those free doughnuts!!!!
Look if you weren't born here or have not become a naturalized citizen yet, you are breaking the LAW! End of story. Maybe get a work visa..
I don't feel  for this guy? This man drove , he could have killed someone. Tent City sound like a nasty place & a pretty good deterrent.
I'm with Joe!
he has something trump wants. his racist friends
I am happy for Joe Arpaio. He did  his job thank you for his service @RealSheriffJoe
120 MILLION victims of Socialism, between Stalin and Mao, deserve that vacation house you scored off Hillary... give it to them!
Shut up Bernie return all the stole money for your wife.
What about the millions of Americans with no healthcare. Dems don't care about people. That is blatantly obvious.
The victims of all the criminals obama released need justice to you tired communist
then why do a majority of the inmates , thank joe for setting them straight ???
Mainly he belongs in jail for injustice to human beings
Criminals aren't victims, the people they committed crimes against are victims.
IN PRISON FOR 1 YEAR FOR A DUI? WHEN DOES THAT HAPPEN?

GUY EITHER DID SOMETHING WITH A DUI, OR HAS HAD MULTIPLE DUI'S.
@SenSanders, @RealSheriffJoe @POTUS @realDonaldTrump are American heroes who enforce laws you subvert.
If it wasn't for Joe we have more illegal immigrants in our country Bernie doesn't know a thing about what he's talking about
1
Can we put bankfraud Bernie in a tent like that he needs some justice
What about the victims of the Five High Ranking TERORIST that Obama Set free to kill Americans again...
Bernie how much money did your wife take advantage of. What do you two have in common?  FRAUD
Maricopa is a dangerous right wing hot box
I like the people who never think they can be falsely arrested and charged.  WRONG
Yes Maria. Trump looks racist now
You talk a big one about sheriff Arpaio,  but what were you comments when  Obama Pardoned, Oscar Lopez Rivera& Trades a Terrorist for Votes
Like I said, Arpaio is what would happen if Fred Phelps ran a criminal justice system
But not her right? You don't give a crap about about the Venezuelan hell you  exalted . When will you spoligize for that?
Good for Sheriff Joe for keeping illegal aliens out of our country! What he did was LAW AND ORDER! Build the wall
Hunt him down and private prosecute
He was enforcing his duties to protect the public. This point of view maybe the reason Bernie lost?
Honorable sanders, justice is not acheivable amogst corrupt lawyers & judges.
What about his duty 2 the thousands of US citizens in Arizona that have bn subjected 2 brutality of illegals.  1st responsibility 2 USA
Richard Cohen of the Southern Poverty Law Center denounced #Antifa Ilk violence.

Can U do the same?

If not, why not?
I wish I could kike that tweet more than once.
@potus @realDonaldTrump -TRUMP IS INSANE- WHAT MORE PROOF DO WE NEED?? FIRST HE COZIES UP TO PUTIN- THEN HE THREATENS MEMBERS OF HIS OWN GOP
He's free and Leonard Peliter still waits in prison for a pardon long long overdue
Actually justice was served when you lost the nomination. 
#feelthebern
You Hypocrite Bernie didn't care one bit about Terrorist Rivera's US Victims! You sided with the Terrorist Leader. Shame on you!
What justice,
Fuck this dude.
Can they sue him personnally?  He discrimated against a group of people, courts decided he was wrong. Stupid pres pardoned him, but sue him.
So do the #American people but your still in the senate...
#LockArpaioUp #LockTrumpUpToo
and Obama pardoned two terrorists didn't he
The county sheriff is more powerful than anybody including the president: book: the county sheriff America's Last Hope.
Honorable sanders, justice is can not achievable amongst corrupt lawyers & judges.
Disgusting!!!
Class action lawsuit?
What did you do to get there? Jail is NOT to be FUN.
Maybe these people should not break the law if they don't want to be in our jails  Its not suppose to be the Holiday INN!
What about George Soros who funded violence during political rallies and lately these ones we are seeing on the news?
Please tell me there is a civil suit in the works.
Bernie did you tell your people you were bought out of the election?
Concentration camp like conditions--Joe is sadistic and abused the power bestowed on him.
How about the Americans who were mentally abused by the mind fuq you played on them, Bernie? You're a swampcreature. Enjoy all your homes
Said the sellout
He needs to go back to prison.
Wow you people are something  since when is prison a vacation. Get a grip
Questions?
He was doing his job you should try it crook
Bernie, Arpaio's tent jail had all the trappings a Liberal Paradise.
Bernie, thank you for everything!  USA needs you.
They should sue Trump
Nobody froze in Phoenix in the winter, for sure.
Now they can sue him

We need to follow the Norway prison system to rehabilitate people for useful life. Usefulness in people is one anti-dote for depression.
Suffering an 85% loss due to Federal Reserve hijacking bank interest and unlawfully manipulating up the stock market, where is the justice?
This president is a racist period! He advocates this discriminatory behavior and pardons someone who ignored court orders. DISGRACEFUL!
You mean like your alt-left hate group Antifa is subjecting INNOCENT ppl to their ignorant violence? Condemn it, commie!
The Bern is still struggling to understand what's going on in Venezuela and how we can implement their policies.
Sounds legit.
So criminal inmates are supposed to be codled and snuggled in prison. Thats why there so full.They have it nicer inside so they reoffend
How about we take care of Texans before you start up on your hate speech again
Once again the emperor has no clothes
Not one thought about the real victims. The victims of their crimes that put them their. What a shame.
Go away, Fidel
Sir you should have a mental health assessment. Entering a country illegally is a crime!
Oh please.......so you support a non-jury judge's prejudice? You would.
Don't break the law. Hopefully you and your wife don't end up in one.
law breakers Sanders.  They were all treated with respe and dignity.  Your a hopeless misguided socialist, it appears you lie a lot .
Glass houses now bank fraud
As usual you are wrong on this subject. The people who elected Arpaio do not agree with you.
With that beer belly you'd think a heart attack anytime but beating of cold/vengeful heart seems to last 2X as long for pain put on others.
4th Amendment: gone!  60 SCOTUS votes in Senate: gone! Treason, espionage & breaking laws: gone if GOP!
And what of the thousands of victims killed in Democrat controlled Chicago?  What are they, chopped liver?
Prison is hell, what do you expect a picnic?stay don't break the law,dummy
How about the 212 pardons Obummer let go with 67 death row inmates and yet you said nothing but you keep pointing your gnarly finger  at 1.
There goes crazy Bernie again. Somebody call the mental ward a patient has escaped.
... immigration law killed these two women. Blood is on your hands & every politician that protects illegals! You murdered them!
Do you denounce the left wing terrorist group known as #Antifa Senator?
A Muslim teenager was murdered Kathryn Steinle murdered by Illegal Immigrants! They deserve justice! Your failure to enforce....
Criminals whining, Ahhh....poor men! They probably don't wanna end up there again, it's so hard to be a criminal!
What are you first and second languages?
Dutch, english
Poor guy.  Jail is supposed to be hard to teach a lesson.  Don't do the crime if you don't want to do the time.
Its amazing how this man has no remorse about what he has done.
He was just following the laws of the land
We
There you go again burning a lot of stuff that means nothing illegal immigrants must pay the price for entering our country the wrong way
So this guy is a law breaker and is complaining that he was arreasted. To top that he was caught drinking and driving another law broken.
You misspelled 'criminals'. #BankFraudBernie
There was no brutality and they weren't victims. They were law breakers. Your a liar and your wife's a thief. Awful people
Who gets a year in jail for a DUI. There's got to be more than he's telling. I bet that's the last time he broke the law.
How about denouncing antifa???? They're attacking people evryday it seems. They assault anyone they don't agree with..this man enforced LAW!
Arpaio is a racist pig! Just like his cohort Trump!! We need to take power away from people like these!
Bernie,  are you afraid that your wife might have to do hard labor, since she got caught stealing millions of dollars.
Great-great Grampa Bernie nothing cruel or abusive about Joe's jail. Just not equipped like a 5 Star hotel. Basics well covered.

File a suit against him you will win
So obvious that Trump is a racist, this is why he hates Obama so passionately, it must have killed him to have a black president.
Wat a desrestpect to the justice system.....lmao
He should be in jail.
Then run on impeachment as your platform to unite people. Everyone need to have their issues but nothing good can happen with in office
No "brutality" Bern dude.   #counterresistance = legal justice.  Feel da bern
Every time we turn a blind eye to people being robbed of their human rights, we lose a part of our soul. And that is nothing to crow about.
Beyond me. The fact that you relish it and seem to get off on it, as it fuels some kind of false sense of superiority just sickens me.
Serve time in a place that does not meet Geneva convention standards. Why you would be okay with any human being put in those conditions is
why are you?
And I can't imagine the outcry if all of you were doing any actual prison time for a first offense of this nature, much less if you had to
BS, your only interest is the illegal vote
Oh bernie 
Your friends, family yourselves have a DUI or three? Or have committed a worse crime? You are none of you, the saints you pretend to be.
so more hot sauce.
To all the hypocritical bigots in this thread, with the don't do the crime, high-horse bullshit, I wonder how many of your lily-white circle
or you could just pass a path to citizenship - but evidently you like illegal labor? HMMM I'M CONFUSED.
YAHWEH'S MINISTRY, Hilo, HI.
Hey, Bernie, your still kissing legal aliens butts instead of wanting to enforce immigration laws.  Shut-up!
BTW, Obama's DOJ was used as a political retaliation tool & tried Arpaio without a jury. #SelectiveOutrage #SelectiveMemory
There is no justice in America. Those with power can buy their way out of nearly anything while the powerless are crucified for misdemeanors
Ppl should not be entering this country ILLEGALLY, there is in fact a prescribed method in place to become a U.S. citizen. Follow the law.
YOUR President Obama SHOULD have enforced Federal Immigration Law then % this would not have happened.
Why should prisoners deserve better accommodations than our military men and women?
But you did nothing about it did you, you political pos losers all use Prisons for your profit based off quota. It's a stock money maker
Prisoners complaining is crazy. To see "Real" Oppression.. please go to North Korea
Bernie sanders is 100 percent correct!!!!!
Disgusted at Trump. What is he trying to do!!! Why would you pardon someone like this . This is criminal!!!
Meanwhile Arpaio laughed with Hannity about how he would've been ok cause he would've done federal time-not tent time--he Dishonors the law

i agree
The Sheriff wasn't convicted of any brutality you dope
I hope someday justice is served against both of them
The old saying : if you can't do the time don't do the crime. Don't baby criminals
The tent WAS justice for their criminal actions. If law-abiding poor can't afford ac, why should a criminal get it?
Yeah.... it's Trump's nation thanks to you and #Kushner posing the best 'protest vote' campaign ever with help from Russia - #KARMA COMETH
&terrorists pardoned by BO have been such angels?I'm losing a lot of respect for u Mr Sanders.Kate?Obama did that 2.Did u speak up for her?
Jail is NOT supposed to be the Hyat, hotel, it is imprisonment, for breaking the law. Sanders is an idiot.
What about the 300 million Americans who are victims of illegal immigration?
What the law can't do the universe will handle. Looking forward to his karma blossoming. His torment will be fun to watch.
Oh bull. If the government under Obama had given adequate money for more jails he wouldn't have to do tents. What would you do? Release them
Bernie the fraud Sanders keep on CRYING...
They will get it just is slow from the righteous & swift from crooks like @realDonaldTrump
Too bad...do the crime...do the time.
Because the prisoners at GITMO deserved a second chance; released only to kill again. Joe was convicted of criminal contempt, hardly murder.
Please read Francisco's story. His dignity, after such abuse, is amazing. 
"...PHX has spent so much time, money & energy letting the  know what Arpaio had done. In a single moment, Trump has destroyed all of this"
Time for Justice!
