Eliminate illegals and deport them, get them off of gov assistance, will save literally billions for American citizens.
Illegals don't get gov assistance. You're thinking of tax breaks pushed by republicans that give away billions a year to the filth rich
Sorry but illegals cost everyone billions.
Trump and his cabinet alone cost more via their tax evasion methods than cost of immigration legal & illegal combined.
Blame Trump? Really? Sorry but this is very far from “new”. Try to solve an issue without blame or pointing a finger... you’ll do better...
LMFAO!!!! Like solving an issue without blaming illegals? Good advice!
America is based on laws, always been that way. Legal vs Illegal. It’s literally a crime to come here illegally hence the term.
Drunk driving costs us more than illegals do. Ever do it?
Agreed

So billionaires aren't feeding there kids?,or other people's kids
How about we send the Pay to Play players in Uranium One to jail& confiscate the $150,000,000 "donated" to Clinton Foundation to help poor
Lets try giving poor people more $. They would spend it because that's what they do, and in turn rich people get $. Trickle up effect.
How did the war on poverty go?
Poverty is winning
What a laugh!!
The #1 Most Important Issue : IMPEACH TRUMP NOW! All you Must live In a Blind Bubble? TRUMP is NOT any Pres we Recognize! He is 100% Crooked
Sure they can. The burden of feeding the children is on said child's parent. Not we the taxpayers.
I believe nothing you say ole fart.
If we are taxed at lower %s, it’s because socialist governments do more for their citizens.  Look at Austria, Denmark, or Germany.
Unless it's Obama, extending Bush's tax breaks?
You can't work effectively within the utterly corrupt Democratic Party.
#DemExit
Past your bedtime @SenSanders
He maybe Older, but Much Wiser!!  He's Smart to know History Repeats Itself, when Ignorance does not see the Time for Change Is Needed!!
Pfft
The Billionaires Boundless Unbridled Greed is Destroying America.! 
@GoldmanSachs @kochie_online @CKinstitute
Got That Right!
#releasetheReturns Senator "WHITE HAT"
He may be older, but much Wiser!! "Ignorance Is Bliss" because if you don't know your Country's History, it will Repeat Over & Over Again!!
85% of Our Children in Pasco Cty, FL, are given Food Packs each Friday, donated by local churches to have enough food to eat until Monday!!
Billionaires were not born with the obligation of paying for your food, or anyone else’s. Billionaires contribute greatly to this country. End the welfare state. Allow Americans to regain their pride.
@realDonaldTrump I normally vote Republican but next few years your all fired !!!
The rich should pay attention to what Bernie says, because rather than taxes, many prefer using a guillotine . . . Think about that!!!!
Against whom cowboy?
Koch brothers, et. al.
Boogie men Koch
Do you want the Koch Bros. to STARVE?
You guys at the top are getting on my nerves,  use your office and stop crowd sourcing your anger,  do something about it
They only care about the unborn children and barely at that,  the mothers that carry them can go without as shown by every step they take.
I think a message like "We know where you live" would be more effective.
Bernie you don't know what you're talking about
We must send a message to the government class: You can’t get huge salaries or budgets while children in this country go hungry.
Since 2007, Bernie Sanders is Second Most ABSENT Senator in DC!  Bernie accepts 200+K Senate Salary 4 job he is not doing. #UnSeatBernie2018
U used 2 rail about Millionaires till U became 1! Now it is Billionaires. Hypocrisy of U debating Taxes & U Refuse 2 Release Income Taxes
Stop vilifying the rich.I’m happy for their successes.Try creating policy to help me increase wealth rather than trying to steal theirs.
Only if Successes are not from Illegal, Dishonest, Unfair, or " The Gray Areas" of the Practices of Businesses, as known, Many were Caught!
The wealth that created the billionaire class was stolen from the lower classes, and should be returned immediately.
You’re owed nothing and are entitled to nothing
Bernie, the poor aren't taxed!
So then there is a ghost taking money out of my Taco Bell checks ?!
Said the millionaire 
You have 3 houses and paid 12% in taxes...
As opposed to all hungry kids you feed with your stolen wealth.
Message to you.   Tell their parents to go to work and support their own kids instead of spending welfare checks on drugs.
Prolife values. Hmmmm. Questionable. Just trying to push their fake Christian values.
@HuffPost @politico Billions spent on Medicaid annually. Maybe we should be looking more closely at root causes.
They didn’t make the babies
They didn’t make the babies
and to force the elderly to go uncared for, no civilized society does that
Yea those fucking Walton’s are so evil creating a company that has lowered the cost of things for everyone.
We must send a message to all representatives such as yourself: READ THE CONSTITUTION and FOLLOW IT. Or else we'll elect those who can+will
Then stop spending $ on illegals hippie
I'd love to.  Unfortunately, when a citizen such as myself tries to do just that, they call it "tax evasion."
What children bernie?? Most of they children I see walking around are over weight.  Where are these mythical beings? ?? Out of touch dude
.
We are not “other countries”, you have NO RIGHT to our income. #TaxationIsTheft
not hungry. worse. eating poverty diets that r 0 in nutrition make them fat w diabetes.
Yes they can and yes they will. They rule the world. A revolution is needed.
Because the 7 federal run food programs are a huge disaster and mismanaged as most government programs are.
Sounds like you are running in for president in Venezuela.  "For the children bs".
STOP BERNIE YOU  GIVE ZERO TO THE POOR BUT HOT AIR
What kind of horse fuckery is this?
HEY BERNIE, WHY DON'T THEY MILLIONAIRES LIKE YOU IN CONGRESS TAKE PAY CUTS AND HELP, SINCE CONGRESS DOESN'T DESERVE THOSE HUGE SALARIES,
The safest way to get rich is to ignore the welfare of others. Even if they're kids.
There are 300mil people in USA It would be chump change for the billionaires here to promote sociological wealth country wide PAY IT FORWARD
Bernie wants to tax the hell out of everyone that works to pay for those that refuse to.
Let's triple everyone's taxes! Right on Bernie! Most citizens are too stupid to spend their own money! TAX TAX TAX AND TAX SOME MORE!
So, I know this might be a little off topic, but did you know that there were 4 cases of leprosy in the US?
Says who, Bernie. Who died and made you God.
These are all soundbites, that anyone can said that you tweet all the time.
How is giving tax breaks mutually exclusive to children being hungry ? That got out of hand too fast lol
Soros just gave $18B to support Dumbocrat Party without you complaining. Prove your cause by giving all of that to hungry children. #MAGA
The next message needs to go to Boomers. "You don't get Social Security increases while your kids are drowning in student debt." Pls and thx

لدى فحشاء الثراء حرية ضخمة
لطرق الكسب،
ويُراد الآن جعل"تكديس الثروات"
من هذي الحريةالضخمة.
لو لم تجعل الرأسماليةالامريكية
الفقر نادر؛فستنتهي
Excellent point- how can tax cuts be on the table at all? Rich ppl are getting rich fr stock market- low interest rates/unemployment
Bernie. What Tax Rate do Scandinavian Countries Pay?  How much do they pay 4 a gallon of gas?  How many homes do U  need? #BernieCantWin2020
Also, speaks in the third person and has no idea what hes talking about. Another man jealous of Hillary.
Then we cant take care of illegal immigrants while i work 2 jibs and pay off college loans
Says the socialist that took a payoff from Hillary, sold his soul & his voters out for it.  You own three homes.  You make me sick.
He owns an apartment in DC a home in Vermont and Jane inherited a home on the  Coast of Maine
This is utter #Garbage . #BankFraudBernie
Hungry with your 3 houses.  Q: How much more hypocrisy can regular Americans endure?  A: zero.
You're a millionaire and YOU let children go hungry Filthy #hypocrite

and why we have the biggest military budget of any country?
 When U open UR eyes so wide, you look spooky Do you need eyedrops??? Well stay still. Stop shaking UR head. #CNNdebatenight
You're STILL our greatest hope, Obi-Wan!
Yes, obesity is a greater health issue than hunger for poor children. I remember a time when poor meant you didn't have enough to eat
Research the reason why this might be.  Cheaper food means more carbs, and less fresh vegetables. Read and develop some insight.
How do you know there are no starving or hungry kids in America? Obesity is not proof that there aren't any.
Try feeding yourself, or your family on 200 dollars a month.  It can't be done unless you eat the cheapest food you can find, and then not..
Since when is it a child's fault if they have shitty parents?  How does this prove your point?
#BernieCantWin2020.  #ClintonVotersWillDefeatBernie2020. #DemsDespiseYouOldFraud
How are we going to do that MR poor man, it's all BS, and you know it. #GN and you gotta make sure that we have enough food. ;) #USA.
Your constituent comments and questions are scary given they believe you & your socialist ideas. Learn somethingTry taking @HCOnlineCourses
Says the guy who wants to raise our taxes
We just witnessed an important moment in this debate. Bernie just admitted he wants to raise everyone’s taxes. #CNNDebateNight
Likewise - business owner here, and I'm looking forward to the investment dollars it will bring to startups! I don't need corps paying the government, I need a healthy business climate!
K cf.ri to l81 VP99
Democrats like crazy Bernie are the reason children in this country go hungry. They create dependency on government and it has never worked.
If you can't afford to feed your children, stop having them.
we must send a message to Senators that tweet all day to get to work & do the job you are paid $174,000.00 a year to do
You have been in Congress for 50 years you have help create this mess more than anyone. What would you know about buisness?
Talk's cheap mr. Hitler want to be
You see folks this guy's telling you everything you want to hear but he won't back it up
Why not? I like my tax breaks. Pays for two gym memberships out at the Hamptons.
Pot calling the kettle black, you with your free super great healthcare for life, 3 homes, wife that steals money, pension for life. Hmmm!
How do you know 'billionaires' don't donate money to these starving children? And how did you acquire three? homes or is it only two?
Old goat
As long as you don't have to go without you're okay with it right let's meet in the ghetto sometime and teach kids there's a different way
Funny how you'll talk which talk is cheap but you do nothing on your end I don't see you're giving your wages to the homeless
Billionaires are letting their children go hungry? That has to end.
That is a ridiculous statement.
And you you Hitler want to be what have you done done for the homeless and hungry rather than lie and line your pockets
Senators you all need to stop being paid so much for the little  you do your overpaid. We will start taking all this more seriously
Whoever sees this above statement and agrees retweet
Why don't you give to Charity Bernie or give away 2 of your 3 houses
The only message you can send a Billionaire is to jail Donald Trump for treason and fine Facebook & Twitter a $1billion for 2016 fraud.
I think the one percenters will be just happy to not have a tax increase at this point
When you die, you see two people: the undertaker and the tax man. That’s not fair. #CNNDebateNight
There's no excuse 4 a parent 2 starve children who collect food stamps & credit card 2 pay 4 food 2 use on addictions free school meals also
“The children!” <- code words for “I have no real argument, I will just try to pray on people’s emotions.”
Bernie,please ask the rich why they want so much money they couldn't spend it. Ask them if they think they won't die like anyone else.Please
Are you a citizen of our country? Being rich is not a sin but being envious is.
Matthew 19:24, I'll translate "greedy bastards go to hell"
Learn how spend less you tic.
Y like
You can’t give poor people tax breaks when they don’t pay taxes. $$ doesn’t trickle up. Law of economics you are intentionally ignorant of.
Walk the talk Mr. "can't buy Bernie". Prove it and release the returns.
Off topic. We need an investigation into Niger. This is the 2nd fatal 'mission' this administration has said nothing about. #Investigate
But they do all the time.  They do even when the Dems are in charge...
How does it get to: tax the rich to feed the children?  @tedcruz
@GOP @realDonaldTrump think we are all as stupid as those who vote for them
#TrumpTaxScam
#GOPTaxScam
They don't care, Bernie. The faster the sick/poor die the more money they'll have for tax cuts. That's how the GOP rolls.
Good for him. At least he fights for everyday Americans, unlike GOP.
You take from Hungary children, with illegals. Democrats get more money with the richest donors.
I'm sure all LEACHES have nothing to do with it
Children and veterans!!!!
Children should never go hungry. But goverment can't run a shoe store. Schools everyday throw out tons that's right tons of food.
I'm about too! I am going to Puerto Rico to help protect them from the billion vultures. PR = new Standing Rock
https://funds.gofundme.com/dashboard/quqhq4 …
Yup, I posted it in my VeteransForPuertoRico Group on FB.
1 video anyway, and those MREs were still good btw.
Sec of State Marin misled.
Protein or fiber, not sure which, or what your point really is.
You are a lunatic!
Meanwhile, you are paying less taxes the middle America. YOU are the 1%. You are ALL talk and NO action! #SellOut
I'm not even really a Sanders fan but it's sad that most of his critics here can't come up with anything other than "he's old."
And he is a Socialist (Commust).
You have 3 yuge houses and some expensive cars.  Skip the lecture.
The parents should feed them
We must make the rich go live with their money , live where their money lives.
Tell Jack Dorsey and Mark Zuckerberg that while they censor dissenting voices.
What if they move to other countries? Who is d reason behind poverty?
Bernie, open your lake house for refugees or homeless vets!
Sell that $100,000 Audi that you are driving around.
Take care of Vermont bernie and stop bothering people

Bernies not hurting
So you're gonna sell your other two houses to help feed those kids, right?
You can only sleep in one bed each night. Open your 'other two homes' hypocrite. Start with US vets.
Well said!
They’re not huge tax breaks. It’s called keeping the money you earned
@SenSanders is the man. Cut military spending, quit propping up oil companies and spend that $ on education and infrastructure. #usa #maga
Healthcare is a right, not a privilege! 

#USA
I think this is the 3rd time you've posted this bullshit propaganda video
He lost, so how did he really benefit in any way?
Bernie2020
