This "social justice warrior and environmentalist's" 20 room mansion produces a $30,000 utility bill per month. #hypocrisy
Yes he was hypocrite, doesnt change fact this is huuge 4 him to push #Medicare4All #Medicare4& I thank him
Is that every democrats logic?
Independent! Damn straight I'll back a politician actually putting ppl over profits. Hell I backed Trump 4 TPP
Sen. Sanders will you support Dreamers and DACA recipients as myself? Please make a public statement of support! #DefendDACA
Book boooo
More Bullshit
Two peas in a fraud. Bravo. Bring on someone with a brain for A REAL debate.
Ah two frauds. Birds of a feather...,
What's the name of the show of the day? Losers R Us? Do you think we care to hear from 2 peoples who fail the Presidental bit? No thanks.
The polar ice cap will melt by 2014.  Yeah, I believe whatever he says...  The state isn't the answer and neither are these two clowns.
I wonder if you will be talking about the FBI investigation of your wife... you such a fraud.
Al Gore? The guy who told the country their carbon foot print is too high and sea levels are rising but has an ocean front 6,000 sqft home?
Two insane losers walk into a room. They both walk out even dumber than when they went in.
AL GORE COULDN'T MAKE IT IN POLITICS SO HE'S TRYING BERNIES WAY OF MAKING MONEY HOLDING SIGNS SAY HOORAY FOR MY SIGN
Hang out with delusional people and well.....there you go Bern.
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
 So bad, won't be able to beat @CNN's ratings.
They should call this the "Show of Two Duds". Bernie with 3 houses and Gore with a 16,000 sqft mansion. Environmental footprint? Hypocrites!
Amazingly wealthy Losers united in exploiting the people for personal gain and trashing their country
One loser talking to another? Nah, I think I'll pass.

He's a socialist who likes other people's money. He's not interested in Democracy.
Blocked for Blatant ignorance
BOYCOTT THIS COMMUNIST SHOW
Fools both. Internet inventor and socialist pusher.
Ah, the inventor of the internet, long time no see,his very concerned about global warming, he used to leave lemosin a/c on while in meeting
Looking forward to this conversation! Two great men!
Oh, great, two masters in the field of fraud and how lucrative it can be as long as you register as a Democrat.
Nice to see you have a second job. Hope it becomes your only job one day.
the puke and throw up bros
This is a joke, right?
No Thanks Bernie Boy ...
B: pay more taxes!
A: pay me more taxes!
Not a chance
Remember when BS praised food ration lines???
This must be a joke... 
What a shit show this will be. I'll pass.
And Draft Bernie is proud of this? It's getting worse than I thought. He's not a Sheepdog huh...
Wow cant wait to turn the off.
Bud and Lou whos on ice? What's in the air?  I don't know what's Free!
Two Pigs in a Pod
What a shit show this will be!

Two people who scam the American people
I would rather watch ice caps melt!
Sorry, must clean my navel at that time. The most important things must be priority.
A nutjob talking to another nutjob.  Should be a real interesting conversation.


Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz......
Bernie, stealing Gore's author copyright property for climate change religion is not nice.
Sure are a lot of trolls on this thread and not one of them know what they're talking about. I'm just not surprised. #AlwaysBernie
Bernie has 3 mult-million dollar homes on a US Senate salary of $170k   gee isn't Capitalism just great an he wants America to be Socialist?
Science fiction meets disillusioned Bernie and two failed systems create great fiction, a.k.a. liars living in mansions telling fibs.
Omg tune it to dumb and dumber show.  Socialist Bernie (Charlie guard should die cause the country decided, algore using climate for wealth

Al Gore to Colbert: Hillary's 'Gonna Be Fine, The Country's Another Matter' http://www.mediaite.com/tv/al-gore-to-colbert-hillary-clinton-is-gonna-be-fine-the-countrys-another-matter/ … via @mediaite
LOL. Flying in on his private jet to whine about global warming? You two nitwits deserve each other.
Oh great another tin foil hat convo. #staywoke
I look at this photo of these two and I hear the theme music to The Benny Hill Show in my head.
Is there live chat?  That could be hillarious!
God, they would just talk about jello and pudding for the first 30 minutes. #MAGA #nra #WomensMarch #ThursdayThoughts
Where do you stand on Senate Bill 720?
Ah, yes, the man who you pay to fly around in his private jet, land next to a motorcade, lecture you on how much energy you're using, then
flay back to one of his mansions. Good ol' Al Gore.
Your wife is going to prison.
B O R I N G
Attention all liberals.... Attention all liberals..... Facebook, Bernie, Al = a trio of pukes. Couldn't pay me to watch.
Bahahhahahahaha #MAGA #NRA #ThursdayThoughts
Talk ABOUT THIS!
More junk science. Can't wait
Great pic of you Bernie.
Oh that will be a POTUS love fest!! Maybe while the two losers are together they can dive off Mt. Everest!
No thank you!!!
I didn't know Sanders has a show. That's hilarious.
Haha, 2 losers that just can't give it up. At least Gore knows when to hide in the shadows.
Seriously this guy needs to take his millions and hide #MAGA #NRA #ThursdayThoughts
Ren and stimpy
@SenSanders  If you started your own party, the people would go with you. Could be first person in history to get 2nd ind. party in power
John Mccain was son of b.tch and founder of #Isis he killed 500 000 Syrians w #Killary and @BarackObama
State sponsored terrorism of antichristZiocons

@realDonaldTrump  @SenJohnMcCain @SenRichardBlack 
…

Can you stream it or podcast it for those of us who don't use Facebook?
Bernie Sanders show??????
pretty sure he's hiding that lock-box in his belly  #fatboy
Which of you scammed more people with your lies?  Bernie with socialism or Al with global warming.
This is a contest where nobody really wins #staywoke #WomensMarch #MAGA #NRA
don't you have a job?
Two champions of dishonest scare-mongering? Think I'll take a pass
Bernie is out of date! Not relevant for our culture! He would be our president if he would have stood firm against Hillary!!
Seize the day! Where's the bill Bernie! #Fixit
 Wait......this is a real thing?! 
Perfect - a case study in mental illness ... I'll bring the popcorn 
I see this;
I think to myself: Why?
On the Bernie show we going to have clowns come out of a car. Tatoo lady someone walking on coals. Plus bagels and loxs
Ha ha ha histories biggest loosers together 
spell check much? or too busy watching Fox News?
Nope....no time because Im too busy pissing off liberal jack offs such as yourself 
Lmfao!
Two guys who sell snake oil
selling something that prolongs life https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expectancy …
Is this the same slickster that claimed he wrote the book "WAR & PEACE" ?
I think he wrote "I'm rich now cause everybody else is broke."
This must be a cartoon show.
Better get ur waders on!
Hmm - Will BankFraud Jane be there too ?
Is this single elimination or two-out-of-three falls?
True story of 2 frauds
If I can't control energy sector, confiscating wealth via mandatory healthcare is an acceptable alternative...
we're number..ah..31! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expectancy …
Two Con Artists : One Stage
Be There Or Keep Your Money
OH   God.  NO

Get a fine upstanding citizen like your wife to be your running partner.  No skeletons with her is there?
wow. (hey, Al Gore for VP again would be fun)
great some more convenient lies to serve the profit of #demcogs, the man who got rich lying and the man who gets rich stealing from the rich
Is this a for profit show?
The Climate Change Con. Climates of the prehistoric past were warmer so we need to set the climate to back then!?!?
This will be very interesting 
Sounds like fun...OY!
Great... Thanks Sr.
Oh my god.  This sounds like the best comedy of the summer.  I, for one, will be recording for repeated laughs.
Nice! A victim convention
No thanks Bernie
SENATOR BERNIE SANDERS, you are the LEADER OF THE REVOLUTION. VIVA LA REVOLUCION! LONG LIVE THE REVOLUTION!
Al Gore made up global warming to sell books to California
Hmmmmm I think I have to count the blades of grass in my yard - I won't be able to make it - darn.
@TheJohnHudson
hmm a looney tunes re-run huh?
Your a sellout to the Democratic Establishment. How's the FBI investigation going?
Rich climate phony joins rich socialist phony to discuss wacko theories that made both rich on the backs of gullible believers
Great
What a 2020 ticket this would be ;)

You da mannn Bernie
Sounds like a conversation full of "I agree, that's what they don't get" how about a talk with differing opinions without slander? Too hard?
Must be.  Trump, Clinton, and most of their supporters seem to be incapable of it.

Oh, you mean like Fox News?
Surprised you don't just prop up a mirror and interview yourself
Is it going to be a comedy special?  I  know how to juggle if you need to fill time!
Yawn.
This is going to be great. No words to express how much id love for gore to say he voted for bernie.
already got Carter on our side!
Very true
Would make a nice ticket in 2020. #JustSaying

ask him why he bought a house only feet above sea level if he really believes in climate change? Scammer just like Bern.
We sure do know that USA is being run by Russia! Hahahaha
Sure Putin & his cronies r laughing thinking "we have pres trump as Russian spy!"
Bank Fraud Berine &Co....................sad !
Al Gore second most Apple shares save Jobs investment banker widow; plus her DIS / ABC holdings are huge. Socialism:
Thanks for coming out in favor of Medicare-for-all, @algore! Looking forward to tomorrow's show.
1. Patient sees Dr 2. Dr bills #FedReseve 3. Fed credits pmt to Dr. Acct. Done. #FedReserve creates money all of the time. #MMT
