Increasing taxes on corporations would be a bigger burden on the middle class, corp would just increase prices of services/goods
That's not true; Rs said same re raising min. wage, but it's proven it helps middle class.Get off Fox and try http://ThomHartmann.com 
Every time minimum wage is raise, companies laud off employees. Thus, how exactly does raising minimum wage help the people whivare working.
According to a new report in @nytimes today, companies that pay less in taxes also lay off employees. Your logic doesn't add up. #PayUpCorps
Which companies were referenced?
AT&T, GE, and Exxon, among others. Here's the raw source: http://www.ips-dc.org/report-corporate-tax-cuts-boost-ceo-pay-not-jobs … #PayUpCorps
The reality is, from 2008-now, jobs are being cut because AI and automation is coming in and eliminating redundant positions
Jobs are being cut so corporations have less salaries to pay--but even if you were right, cutting taxes hurts the middle class. #PayUpCorps
So what are your ideas other than to not do that? They're currently #payingup and that doesn't seem to be working.
Actually they're not. @ATT has been paying 8% in taxes the past 7 years, yet they've also laid off workers and increased E-suite salaries.
There are always exceptions to the rule. economy is built on the backs of small business, not AT&T.  small business carry this tax burden.
cool, so you support increased taxes on huge mutinational corporations? #PayUpCorps
In order to accomplish that, we would need multiple tax codes. Impractical. Multinationals employ middle class workers as well.
yeah, and cutting corporate taxes would hurt those workers. many of us are capable of handling several tax brackets. #PayUpCorps
How exactly does it hurt the worker?
dude, read the report. corporations use saved money from taxes to fire workers and increase CEO pay. that money could be used to help...
Perhaps you should have listened in school instead of being a professional protester.  Corporations have expenses like people.
I know right! those CEOs have vacation houses and boats to buy and maintain! Money doesn't grow on trees you know.
Which they earn by you know creating jobs and investing.
I just can't get over all these solid jobs the Job Creators are creating. Our heroes.
Yep because someone without them you and I would be facing socialism. So thank them
That's what they want you to believe so they get to keep their current oligarchy in place.
The quickest way for a corporation to cut expenses is to cut payroll.
That's right. Because the CEO lifestyle depends on a sea of low-paid workers.
It also gives them more money to further bribe (oops, I meant "donate") to  politicians & give shareholders. Corp already have large profits
Small corps have to comply with the same law with which you're sticking it to large corps. A corp is a corp, dummy...big or small
Businesses DON'T pay taxes there customers aka we do raise taxes on business = pay more for what they make
100% Bernie. Giving tax breaks 2 big corps means we have to TRUST they will reinvest in US. No, all that happens is they keep it
This isn't just for companies in the US this is to bring companies from around the world
Senator Sanders, you're a 100% right!
Huge corporations are racist.
How could it not?
Government doesn't create jobs businesses do. Give tax cuts for businesses but tie it to reinvestment requirements.  #MAGA
No I'm pretty sure it makes new jobs. The future is now old man
what he means is...he wants americans to work for CHINESE SWEATSHOP pay, while his corp friends reap the benefits. SAD.
less taxes equals more money thus creating more jobs. It's brings corporations to the country where they can make money.
Shouldn't you be busy trying to keep your lying dishonest wife out of jail?
How can you announce commitment to unending war that only serves the rich and then cut their taxes?!
SBA has empty seats, there statewide city wide third party undesirables ans your calls taking data, sanctioned HUD homes. think about it!
SBA IS BIG BROKEN DOWN TWO MAN PER HOME JOB?  tax breaks
If corporations profit so do its shareholders which include people who have 401 k plans, IRAs, variable annuities & other investments.
Which I can't afford realistically...
Why are you & your liberal friends still lying your asses off about the #TaxBill? It is clearly helping the middle-class, myself included
It just hit my last paycheck finally...my fed withholding decreased by $250 for the month! That's $3,000 for the year...net, not gross! #MAGA
Force Trump to limit use of "windfall" profits to brick & mortar expansion only. That will create JOBS, both left & right win.
It creates capital to grow the business, expand, uograde and invest. Not all business leaders are as greedy as you and your wife.
They didn't create jobs, cause if the economy is bad. In the US case we have a consumption based economy
Taxing people they way you want FAILS Bernie. Flat tax!  Get all in the game. ALL!
#fakenews
Or Better yet papa Bernie can move to Puyongyang
How would it burden the middle class? We want tax cuts down the board and simplified tax codes.

We have absurd corporate tax rates compared to most of the industrialized world.  Fact.
Yes, cutting corp taxes means larger returns to shareholders, CEOs and Sr Execs. Wall ST incents corps to keep costs low and profits high.
Coming from a guy who's lived off the back of the working class his whole life
No tax cuts for the 1%. Trickle down economics DOES NOT WORK. Craft incentives for job creation, not rewards for corporate malfeasance.
You clearly don't understand
White woman pulled over in Cobb County, GA. Tells cop she is nervous. 

He tells her cops only shoot Black people 
Keep Dancing for 8 years.  Or. Think about getting a job.
I think you say these stupid things cuz you know some idiots out there will believe you. Don't trust companies but trust politicians. Geez
Feel the Bern.  
   SO TRUE.
       Now what ?
boobs
Your statement makes no sense unless you support universal basic income and high unemployment. Basically, socialism.
Lol
You have benefited from these taxes all your life. What does that make you???
Actually you are wrong. This does create jobs. Lowering taxes mean more money in private sector to pay workers/new jobs
HMMM! WITH COMPANIES MOVING TO OTHER COUNTRIES WERE THEY HIRING AMERICANS  AND DIDN'T CEO'S GET MILLIONS AS BONUSES FOR HUGE WAGE CUTS!
I
How about lowering taxes for all people and companies? Instead of whining. How are your 3 houses Bernie? Give one away to poor #BigGovSucks
A public servant on a 20000$ a year salary worked for 30 years and his wife and now owns 3 homes in vermont
His wife is also under FBI investigation for falsifying loans at Burlington College. Where did $ go? Wonder how much he has in PACs?
He has no pacs. And that investigation was a political hit job . Even the supposed witness came out and said it's all bullshit
You are a socialist, we got it Bernie.  But your ideas have been tried and failed. We don't need them. Retire.
....and the American People are the FOOLS!!!
Yes it does. Raising taxes and nationalizing health care is more dangerous,  you tired old fool
The greatest period of gain in middle class wealth came when the corporate tax rate was the highest. Forced corps to reinvest not CEO gifts
Exactly! So  why do Dems praise Reagan's BS trickle down policies?  Why?? RepubliCONs do not govern good... the Dems do but don't brag
please connect with me
How’s the new lake house Bernie?  Isn’t that how socialism works?  You get richer and more powerful while the rest of us fight in the streets?
GO BERNIE GO BERNIE
Not
So right @SenSanders
What do u know about taxes? Where u & old lady get money for the property Bernie? Let's see your tax records!
Bernie you put a burden on the middle class by taking people's money who didn't eat just to donate to you and then you gave it to the DNC!
He's a communist distribute the wealth make America like Venezuela
Senator have you ever run a company?  I seriously doubt it.
the trump voters are not very educated. Trump and his cabinet will go from billionaire to trllionaire.  Our country will be 3rd world.
They call it the American Dream because you have to be asleep to believe it.
Almost like a religion.
Neither does letting churches be tax free.
AMEN  ITS A BIG CON!! Churches need to show where they help their communities or PAY TAXES!!!! CROOKS, CHURCHES, INSURANCE CO'S, And CORPS
Bernie Sanders is a con man. Claims he's for the People, yet lives better than 95% of Americans.
That's stupid. He works tirelessly for the people. So what if he's earned money. He donates time n money unlike Chump
Cutting taxes creates jobs! Start a business Bernie before you make unfounded statements.  You're a career politician. You have no idea
They contribute way more than useless politicians like you who put fear into peoples minds and divide us without actually doing anything
You just misguide young Americans into thinking "free stuff" is the end all solution. All talk, no action. Worthless lunatic.
We live in a meritocracy. Talent. Don't have talent. Work harder than everyone else. Pull yourself out of the trenches and elevate YOURSELF
I worked in manufacturing the CEO's fired half the employees hired temps w/o benefits as they raked in millions 4 them

Perdue Pharma should be the first company made to pay
Says the guy who's never really worked in the Corp world and  who seems to be just another stooge who laid down for the Org Crime Syndicate!
Get a clue, Bernie. Corporations don't pay taxes, passed through to US, including YOU!
President Reagan and the millions of jobs created during the 1980s beg to differ...
Bernie we should just make the tax rate 100% so no one is wealthier than anyone else and we can all live in peace and harmony.... you kook
With the current rules, the extra $ will never get to where it should!
All talk to action from @SenSanders. Tax cuts for all corps, all classes is needed. Alon. With smaller government. Let focus on small gov
I know ur smart Senator...so the only explanation is you are a crooked liar.
Yes.
And we should tax them until they don't exist!
That way there will be no burden.
Cost of living goes up. People with advance degrees will want more money because they make the same as a dropout. Facts
Not if law is written that the majority of tax savings must be distributed among employees.  #thinkberniethink
I wore your t shirt and gave you money, and if you want to try again I am with you.
70% of corp tax paid by consumers, the other 30% paid by employees. Bernie wants to screw EVERYONE w/ this hare-brained scheme.
Corporate taxes are just hidden taxes on the consumer. But you already knew that
Shouldn't you be conning college students out of their tuition?
You Have no clue. You barely pay your taxes and you defraud banks. You steal from taxpayers and contribute nothing. #ivorytowerelitistcoward
What middle class?
Donald Trump couldn't care less about anyone other than "some" of his family
While corps create the opportunity, workers are the real creators of GDP & Congress should stop marginalizing their contribution
Been there, done that. Didn't work the first time
You never had a job
Corporations do not pay taxes. They pass them along to the consumer or they cut costs by firing or not hiring. If too high, they shut down.
Please, tell is more about how people and corporations don't pay their fair share, Mr. 13.5%. #Hypocrite #Socialism
I don't know, you might be considered wealthy with your 3 houses. You need to retire.
Bullbutter!  Please study some real economics from the Austrian school and pitch the country-destroying Keynesian philosophy!
Corporate taxes in the US are the highest in the world. Perhaps our elected officials should better spend the money.
Companies never ever never never ever pay taxes.  Only people do.  You have to come to grips with this fact.
Bernie tell your wife to repay the millions she stole from the school. She's going to jail, start crying. Liars.
When do you become an economist? Socialism/communism have never worked and they probably never will. Please stop promoting them!
Hey @SenSanders where is your money invested?
Oh haven't they been paying up to the lobbyists that were putting money in your pockets and the rest of the crooks in congress?
Hey Bernie, we don't want to hear your commie venom, and FYI, tax cuts do help create jobs, we won't give in to communism
wrong again Bernie! Speaking about taxes
You obviously don't know a whole lot about creating jobs or you'd realize that yes it does.
Oh, it will all trickle down. And the lowest-paid will get their usual trickle.
BS.
Hey Sen Bernie how's the investigation going?
Which will he choose? Funding TX cleanup or Tax Cuts? He can't get both
It brings companies and money back to the US who relocated due to high tax rates. What does a socialist know about capitalism?
Corporations "pay" taxes by inflating the prices they charge and/or cutting dividends (hurting retirees). You ignoramus.
#BernieSanders knows absolutely nothing about economics or economic history
When we tax corporations who ultimately pays the tax?  Where would you build a facility and hire new workers - in a high or low tax country?
Except of course there's the fact that there are 100's of thousands of small business owners who are both CEO's and who are middle class.
You dems have already taxed them so much they leave the country. What the heck is wrong with you lefties?
#TaxationIsTheft
It is so hard to believe that legislators protect the super wealthy from paying their fair share to a country that has made them so rich.
Oh please how r u even a me bet of Congress you clearly aren't foe the good of this country.
Bernie, you don't understand basic math. And, you're a basket case.
That is what the Republican party is all about. Making themselves richer on the backs of middle class hard working people.
Cutting corp. tax rate is FINE, if corps pay 100% of their taxes.
You have zero private sector experience and it's showing
How do you propose stopping companies from leaving US or building in states that give them tax breaks & closing doors behind them?
Had it just been the CEO they collect salary that is taxed. Problem is it's just enrich the owners, in the US and abroad.
Not true, divider Mr BS, look at the whole picture, the plan creates jobs and today the job report will be out. Tweet something about that.
Tell people how carried interest is only a 15% tax rate.All your political donors appreciate you not mentioning the corruption in washington
So why is unemployment at a 16 year low and the stock market through the roof?
2 trillion plus is overseas due to high corporate taxes. Bring $ back to US and it can be invested in people/jobs and taxed!
It depends on the corporation & what their objectives are. A blanket statement like this is just wrong.
From the guy who has never had to meet a payroll, who has never seen a balance sheet or pay business taxes,....
You're someone that has zero experience in the business world. What you're saying is not true.  You are lying or you're simply ignorant.
Corporations just give more to CEOs and themselves - the working class never benefits.
as a shareholder, I find disgust with your comment
The CEO has all the risk. He should make profit. You think it's so easy...you open a business.
Am I wrong, but I thought we taxed profits, not expenses? Paying workers is an expense, so how does lowering taxes incentivize more hiring?
Cutting taxes, Bernard, allows companies to invest and expand. You know NOTHING about economics- you want the U.S. to be like Venezuela -NO!
Socialism puts an even bigger burden on the middle class.
And who knows better about how the private sector works than a lifetime #socialist politician?
You really have no F-ing clue about business or life for that matter do you Bernie?  What a #pathetic lost soul you are.
Says the 75 year-old man who's been on the Government dole (freeloading off of hard-working taxpayers) since the age of 40! Smh
Bull, it helps them compete internationally and consumers are paying their taxes any way. Tax loopholes are a much bigger issue. #EvenField
Bernie, PLEASE tell us, just how many poor/middle class people provide the bulk of jobs? I think corps do that. Not government or the poor!
Bernie, maybe you could look  at what happened in the USA  when JFK lowered tax rates.  America prospered.
False. It makes huge corporations move money overseas!
He's cutting taxes across the board.  Why don't you help instead of resist?
What a big socialist
There is no such thing as a tax cut!  What they are doing is shifting cost back onto those least able to afford them. Sales tax, tuition...!
The Dems need to grow a Spine . The GOP Won't They are Neck Deep in Treason since 2009 At Minimum We Save That shit  . Hard to be Fooled
Well said Bernie
WRONG
The were Nazis and white supremacists in my beach in Laguna Beach California. Native Californian and never in my lifetime! Trump fault
More pandering. #economicIdiot
You're just an economic genius!
What would you know.  You have been feeding off the American people for years.  Turncoat Bernie !!
Wtf do you know about the private sector, Sanders? 
Says the guy with ZERO business/economic experience. #JustSayNoToSocialism #Socialism=Poverty
That is an ideological statement based on your Marxism rather than economic reality.
I'm not sure I agree with this one Bern - if you want to tax the rich cut out loopholes and actually tax them - not corps
You hit the nail on the head here Osie. Canada & US have to reduce tax breaks to super rich. I can't see that ever happening
Bernie when it comes to economics you make the proverbial "box of rocks" look like a genius by comparison
It didnt work when Reagan did it and it didnt work when W. did it either and yet people are still dumb enough to think it will.
you've been in Congress collecting pay checks WAY TOO LONG! Hey, how's that $600K Lake House bought by the DNC
Taxation is theft.
Says the man who never really had a true job yet owns 3 houses and exotic sports cars.
Thanks to my tax dollars.....
All historical evidence points to the opposite. Stop lying.
Sense you are a crazy person, your opinion means nothing.
Cutting taxes on huge corporations also means cutting taxes for all companies. Surely you can't be that ignorant about economics?
Preach brother
What's the difference between the Shrub & Trump Repub presidencies? Trump has less leverage 2 do big war & help the rich due to extreme debt
What burden?
Wrong on minumum wage. Wrong on free tuition. Wrong on taxes.
The flood of $$ into this country with a 15% tax would generate an increase in tax revenue that would finally pay down some of BHO debt.
trump was already on record saying americans make "too much money" to be "competitive" w/the rest of the world
That's the Marxist way Bernie you old Commie. How to go!
The govt already takes in more than it should. Balance the budget instead of raising taxes. You have ZERO clue how it is for the avg worker
The only thing that really trickles down is an old guy like me peeing in an urinal.
This is not even true. We should shrink government by removing tax burdens on all Americans. Bernie lives off of the working class taxpayer.
True Bernie! Republicans are always protecting the rich! That's why I'm a Blue girl from a Red State! The Working class pays the price! 
Why do you always exclude us not so 'middle class'?
You left out that it makes you less rich as well...
Hang in there Bernie Let all dem sen and reps know we are behind them 100 0/0 Hope we have some repub. who will help stop corp enrichment
I HATE to think what it does to the Lower Class, wouldnt you?
I read somewhere that most people in US self-define as middle class unlike in UK where most selfdefine as working class incomes no different
Yes i was hilightling Upper class middle class lower class. And that seriously should not still exist in post feudal society
Stalin?  It must be great going through life not knowing how anything works.
why are u 4 castrating the system that made America the most coveted place to live in the history of mankind? Oh, votes. Got it.
A system which he himself has profited off of as well
You've never run a business #BankFraudBernie
No it doesn't. You're lying and have no idea about basic economics.
