What's God got to do with it? (In that case, it'd be Medicare for none.) An entitlement isn't God's thing. That's favored by Statists.
More Libertarian talking point fallacies. Broken record.
Take your hand out of my pocket. Thank you.
No one is IN your pocket. Medicare 4 All saves YOU money too.
Yeah, that's why it crashed and burned in Vermont, because Medicare for all save everyone so much money. Right. Thanks.
It did no such thing. The governor gave up on it too easily. It will save the country, and every individual, a ton, while covering everyone.

The 10 year cost of @SenSanders #Medicare4All #SinglePayer plan? A mere #32 trillion. http://bit.ly/2xo1Jr7  via @IWF @HadleyHeath @thehill 

Bernie didnt think we'd find his 1987 footage stating tht “If we expanded Medicaid to everybody we will bankrupt USA”
So you'd like to destroy the health care that works well?  Don't u love Venezuela?  Maybe u could move there?
Our health care isn't working well at all!  Fact check!
Not since Obama destroyed it. U r correct.
Capitalism and pure greed destroyed our health care system. For profit means keep us sick so they increase bottom line. Not rocket science.
I never had a problem with health care until Obama the traitor became President.  Are u an illegal or American?
Insurance tied to employment is a huge problem for most workers! We're the Americans who suffer because of ignorance and myopic selfishness.
Aha. You don't want to work you want handouts. Got it. Nuff said. Bye bye.
This is why u lost Bern,socialism DOES NOT WORK!! MOVE U & UR MRS TO VENEZUELA, THEN U MAY GET IT!!
Please, don't start with the bullshit,it's all socialism which is just a pc  code
 for communism
You speaking for God now? #DrainTheSwamp #BernieSamdersIsACrook
You're speaking for GOP crooks.
No

LYING GOP talking points long ago debunked. SMH
Bless you Bernie for fighting so hard to make healthcare insurance a RIGHT instead of a "privilege"!
Socialism doesn't work. What part of that escapes you?
If Socialism doesn't work, why are countries with Universal Healthcare so happy and Unions so successful in securing jobs and pay?
How many of those have you talked to?I lived under it. Great if you're young healthy or have minor stuff. Major illness you go to US.
I worked for my Medicare.
We all work for it.
No, I disagree.  I worked 40 years and prepaid for my Medicare and sustained the system for the elderly who needed it.
Spoken like someone who will never have to worry about the limitations that Medicare coverage places on the average American.
We're talking Improved Medicare For All.
There is no problem the government is capable of fixing in time and under budget. Medicare for all = overpriced, shitty care for all.
You couldn't be more wrong. What is shitty is spending more per capita than any other nation while having the highest uninsured & worst care
Yes
You should really get a CAT scan.
My husband is losing his coverage and we can't afford the meds he need don't know what to do
Do the math, Bernie - Medicare already pushing this country into bankruptcy - it needs fixing
This is laughable. You're speaking for god? Go back to your moms basement bern, after the government seizes your assets you'll be finished
Why do you reference the ONE you have declared does not exist 
Citing God?
Aren't you an atheist?
Could be possible if all of those #antifa thugs would work instead of throwing temper tantrums. You put them to work and then ...
God also looks at abortion as murder!! U can't pick & choose what about God to follow and believe Bernie!!! Nice try tho!!
Bernie, ppl get Medicare at 65, AFTER they've paid into it for years. Who's gonna pay for all this free shot u promise?
Right sir
Yes
Medicare would work. Insurance companies make money so could Medicare. Medicare could cover everyone premiums could be one - 200 a month.
@Bernie Sanders, then by definition it would not be medicare. Are you asking for affordable insurance for all or what?
Sure as long as you and your friends pay for it yourselves! It can be a voluntary 20% increase in your withholding.
Everyone should have good healthcare.
What do you know about God you Thief
And pay with what, Senator? The GOP threatens us seniors....being single is not a disability. sir!
What my Medicare went up 75% 2 pay 4 Obamacare. I worked all my life for this benefit that I Pd out of EVERY PayCheck U Give It AWAY shame U
You have a right to work, not to rob others of the fruits of their work
Our rights as per Declaration of Independence: life, liberty, property, and the pursuit of happiness. NOT SOCIALIZED MEDICINE
Aren't you an Atheist? I
Please don't use religious metaphors...
Who is going to pay for that?
Will you introduce this legislation to make it happen?  Lead & perhaps the nation will follow.
"Trump has...endorsed the same single-payer system that the grumpy little socialist Muppet from Vermont prefers"
There is a fabulous version of that the only downside is. You have to make good decisions to have enough money from a JOB to PAY FOR IT.
Who's gonna pay for it ? U?
Repubs keep stealing same with ss retire at 70 years old they hope people die 1st instead of collecting ss so glad I won't need ss ty Jesus
When we invest in ourselves we will always win. People are happier, healthier, educated, and the econ prospers. Let's do it Bernie!
The hand that grows the corn has the right to put the corn in his own mouth.
-Abraham Lincoln, a wise man
Amazing how important it is to so many people that the poor should not have health care. Shameful!  Being poor is not a lack of character!
Why is it so hard to figure? !!!
Absolutely!  All processes are in place.  Make it the health care plan.  Everyone pays in.  Increase the deduction a couple percent. Done!
But God did give us the ability to reason. You must have been in the wrong line.
How do you pay for $3,200,000,000,000.00 per year minimum cost of that medicare for everyone? Tell the truth socialist trash.
who's paying??? I don;t make as much as ur daugher or wife https://twitter.com/peddoc63/status/894873199929896960 …
IF You Want to Give ALL PPL MEDICARE, the People that Worked & PAID for Medicare & Social Security will have NOTHING LEFT for Retirement.
ROFLMAO!  We always have money for wars though.
Ronald Reagan decided you have to be 65 to get your own Social Security & Medicare Healthcare. Money you paid into both while Working.
Ppl that Worked all their Lives already PAID for their Medicare as Companies took $ out of their Wkly Paychecks for Healthcare Retirement.
Medicare is for ppl that have worked all their Lives & companies took it out of their wkly Paychecks. Medicaid is for ppl that Do Not work.
All you are now is a typical trouble maker you had your chance and u gave it up to hillary go away now
That age was picked for SS back in 1935 by the government. Picked because most males would be dead by then. #mostignorantsenator.
Yes
...and how much will my taxes go up to pay for medicare for all?  Let's move on to SUBSTANCE.
Instead of empty sound bites, I'd like to hear some real discussion from you:  what happens to all the workers in the private ins industry?
Bernie, why I love you so much? Could be you're the most honest, caring pub official in my 69 yrs+my being an RVN 2X wounded disabled grunt?

but we must cap cost . Or our Co pays will be awful. I like it. But please have no copays . Medicare paid 60.oo on a 480. Bill
I had to pay the rest. It's awful the cost. What are you going to do about cost?????
That's what Hitler thought. This woman was a child when he was voted into Austria.
Surprise! => WW2 Survivor Draws Chilling Similarities Between Nazism and Liberalism… https://www.louderwithcrowder.com/holocaust-survivor-draws-chilling-similarities-between-nazism-and-obama/ … 
Trump lives in a golden tower in luxury.He'll never have compassion for those of us who suffer & feel fear that he'll take Medicaid away.
Thank you, Bernie. I don't hear any other voices standing up for those of us who worry about this subject, so I'm grateful to you!
As it is in Australia 
It's not that hard America!
We worked it out
Quite some time ago
Medicare is paid by You if you work. Comes out of your paycheck therefore it belongs to YOU. It is for when you become eligible for YOUR SS
For the ruthless WH over 65 years old people are maybe seen only as a cost factor and not improving the GDP. What comes next? #soylent green
@SharylAttkisson does he know what Medicare covers and doesn't cover ? Doubt it
Improved Medicare For All covers everything.  Vision, dental, mental health care you seem to need.
Sir, in case you haven't noticed, the USA is beyond broke. Yet, you keep offering free stuff constantly. Nonsensical
No the Democrats who think they're God decided that. 
It already is available for any age in , if they've worked, and paid into it. Can I use your insurance Bernie, next time I go to hospital?
But everyone needs to pay for it according to sliding scale. The rich pay most
Can we have the same ins as you have, Bernie?  Obviously NO. BIGGEST HYPOCRITE EVER.   Enjoy those beach homes, we the people don't have!
We are over $19 trillion in debt. Raising taxes for more failed, expensive government healthcare won't fix that issue.
We are paying more money for healthcare than any other country. 

How many Canadians have to file for bankruptcy due to medical bills?
Your state and California couldn't pass free healthcare because it was deemed too expensive. Our nation as a whole couldn't take it either
Sorry I'm not buying it we are the wealthiest nation on the planet. It's called priorities & we need to shift them. Everyone else can do it?
Yes but they ration Health Care. You realize Canadians came here to get treatment and operations they couldn't get in Canada!
The only problems countries with #UniversalHealthcare have with their programs arise when austerity measures decrease funding.
Veterans died on your watch as head of VA committee because they couldn't get the care they needed. Healthcare for all is communism.
I attached a list of other communist countries. France  became communist in 1974. The Red Scare doesn't work with millennials.#SinglePayer
Obviously you, Ryan, do not know the difference between Socialism and Communism...
Nor do you
The pack of nonseses one has to read from neocon Amaricans about what communism or socialism is makes me sick.
Old man, great healthcare (for life), 3 BIG homes, wife facing fraud charges (oops), sold out to HilLIARy,  what else, Bernie?    #loser
So what did you decide as the age, Bernie.  WAIT, you have coverage with government.  Better than the rest of us, right? Explain that
Why would I want the government to grow bigger with control of Medicare no thanks so go ahead and pay for it out of out of your money
Amen Bernie, you have just right!
Medicare is pd in on ea. paycheck of "working" American citisens
Bernie, care to answer why Simon Cowell flew a girl to the us for scoliosis surgery, when Britain has ur utopian socialized medicine
Viva Venezuela!
I don't want no governent a messin with my Medicare. You fellers couldn't tell the difference between a coon dog and a tick hound #MAGA
Great notion but wuth what money???
How about veterans get the same level of care as US Senators first.  Then we can talk about Medicare for all. Deal, Senator?
How does a society pay for this fantasy?
Our constitution doesn't have an amendment providing health insurance, for that matter access to a doctor. Now go home to 1 of ur mansions.
God said to work Not laze around and collect fruit of others labor
Agree!
Why provoke god-oh godless one
God didn't order man create Medicare either sooooo
So Bernie, does this mean God is also a Nazi?
Bernie pony up the Hilary house first
Sounds good, but how do we pay for it.
You're insane. God didn't declare that the successful should be forced to pay for those who aren't as well off. Marx and Engels did.


Let's start reducing the amount of drugs that people consume because of pushy pharma companies.  F'ing ridiculous!!
You use God now but want Christians barred from public service!
Oh look... a socialist invoking God.
Which one of your several houses should I send this economics text book to?
God didn't decide on Medicare at all. Neither did the Founding Fathers. If they had it would be in the Bill of Rights.
Yes Bernie! What additional "free" stuff can you promise us?
God also didn't decide you deserve 3 home while half the world's population has none.  We should give your homes away.
Here Here
And how do you propose that we pay for it? Sell one of your houses?
I feel sorry for @berniethoughts . Parody is dead.
God doesn't mention Medicare in any religious texts I am aware of. Buddha, Allah, Odin, & the Great Spirit haven't weighed in on it either.
While it's possible you are old enough to have known Moses, I don't think that qualifies you to speak for God. #Socialist
easy for you to say. I'll think of you in 50 years when we're 100 trillion in debt
If it sounds to good to be true, then it is.
Right on Bernie
Wait wait wait...so god created medicare???
Voting?
Smoking?
Drivers license?
Consenting to sex?
Conscription?
Where else should arbitrary ages be abolished, Bernie?
Universal healthcare helps everyone. A disease-ridden nation spreads contagion to the wealthy as well as the poor. #VoteSinglePayer #VoteNHS
Then ever single person including Senators need to pay into like I did!!!! It's not free I paid my way, still pay for part B and supplement
NO! ONLY FOR AMERICAN CITIZENS!
First, lets mandate the Senate use Medicare exclusively
Perhaps I just don't understand. Why do you retweet this nut job?
Get off the weed.
apparently what's mine is yours and yours is mine. Does that mean we can walk intk your house and take what we like?
I'm agnostic and Jesus Christ is this a terrible argument.
Who's gonna pay for it??? Why don't you worry about your wife's fraud allegations and quit obstructing justice. Whaaah Waaahh Waahh!!!
Oh NOW you wish to invoke God? I would recommend spending your limited remaining time on a solid defense and maintaining your 3 houses
The NHS in England is funded by a percentage income deduction! Earn more, pay more! Single payer is a must.....
feel the bern...finally you getting it...no age restrictions...no income restriction....sell it to anyone who wants Medicare or Medicaid....
Bernie that is an ignorant statement vocalized without a second of of rational thought
We would save so much by not paying insurance companies their obscene profits!
Always held public jobs at our expense. You promise Utopia with no track record of success. Wake Up America. Go Pres. @TeamTrump
This is news to me Bernie sanders knows what God thinks.
God?   Did you just acknowledge the existence of God, Bernie?
I couldn't agree more! If everyone was on Medicare costs would go down and pharmaceuticals would drop.
nicknamed Obamacare. I am beginning to think there is no hope of reigning in the government.
Because Bernie wants to replace the ACA with a single payer system. Well, well. Bernie just admitted that democrats gave us a lousy system
Medicare for everybody? What's this? Bernie just endorsed President Trumps efforts to repeal and replace the ACA? (Obamacare)
How abt you just tell us what we AREN'T entitled to. Wouldn't that be easier for you?
Don't forget pie. Everyone deserves pie. #basicdessertright
Better yet, gove EVERYBODY $1000 every month for the fun of it
 Complete Ignorance on Display
Sure! Then who pays for ot?
We will be Venezuela!
He's crazy! Who suppose to pay for this???
STOP puhtzing around w/brain farts & admit that u
politicians hav no clue how 2 create workable health system.
REPEAL & LET US BUY DIRECTLY!
People like Chris E have never stopped to see if they could pay for Single Payer. We can.
Perhaps make Congress pay for their Healthcare like the rest of us. Congress should have insurance no better than the country.
What the hell does god had to do with this?  Why don't you just say "want to get on the fast track to bankruptcy?"
Let's get rid of corporate welfare. Stop having taxpayer pay corporations to movr jobs overseas.  We do not have to be global cops.
Nearly Trillion in paperwork saved a year. Allow Social Security negotiate drug prices. Tax increase offset by no regular insurance premium
I agree.  We all age. We all weaken and sone sicken. We all die. Keys join rest of developed world an enact sibgle Payer Medicare for All
Medicare is man made. God put us in Garden of Eden with no need for healthcare but man sinned & corrupted God's creation. Jesus is the cure.
God doesnt like abortions either. But that doesn't stop you.
God didnt decide to abort babies either...
Go away already
God didn't decide any of our laws you nut.
Socialism is for emotional people who can't grasp the concept of private property.

#NoSocialism #SocialismDoesntWork
Trolls belong under bridges.
A troll speaks facetiously, or in a way that what they say is not necessarily what they believe.

What did I say that appears not genuine?
You picked me out because I liked a tweet, not because of a comment I made. A troll picks a fight where no fight exists. Leave me alone.
You're doing a great service for Vermont. Don't listen to the regressive bigots who just want to leave the poor to rot and be forgotten.
Didn't you and your wife commit bank fraud?  Doesn't that mean you don't get to lecture us on literally any subject except avoiding jail?
Because we have a 20 trillion dollars debt?
Stop all fica taxes and impose fed sales tax on everything  Would you like that Bernie
I don't believe that is fiscally responsible.  People are living longer.  We need to move the age upwards gradually.  66..67..68..
Oh tell us.  What did God decide was the Medicare eligibility age?  And when did he tell you?
Did he tell you that orrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...
so anyone that has put not 1 penny in gets it right?  Who pays for it comrade?
Why don't you sell your lake house and pick up the tab for 100 or so of your constituents? Oh, you just want to spend OUR money? Got it. NO!
As long as you pay for it yourself.  Might have to sell some of your houses
Thank God someone is talking about this. 

Another great reason to raise the age for Medicate eligibility.
Just as God didn't decide that personhood begins at birth?
Yes, all health services should be paid at 65% of cost. THAT should fix the health care system, and pronto!
Yeah, let's listen to a deadbeat loser who never had a job in the private sector, and never had a job until 40 and that ended up as Gov job
Let's start by ending the subsidy for you, and the other 534 members of Congress. Then, because you have us 20T in debt, pensions go next
Fork up the money your wife mishandled and help pay for people medical care.. throw in your money too!
where is it written?
You own 3 houses. Give me one.
Who will pay for it?
You dont have any idea what God thinks or the difficult struggles people face every day. Cut the BS and go back to ur easy life in VT.
#BankFraudBernie go  yourself
And food, shelter, cell phones, wifi, electricity, education, jobs, parks, vacations, airplane tickets, college, spending  bc we're America
What if I feel that I happen to be a 65 yr old on the inside? Gender is irrelevant so lets make age irrelevant. I know u wud support this.
How do you know?
I thought mentioning God disqualified one from public service. BTW - how's that Bank fraud case coming?
You wouldn't acknowledge God if George Bush burst into flames, Lake Champlain parted, and Sarah Silverman turned into a pillar of salt.
