Forcing an individual to buy a government product disgraceful. Universal Healthcare shouldn't force me into buying our bueracratic waste
I hope not. But how will you prevent it?  Worst parts of the bill passable through budget reconciliation, which only requires 50 votes.
Democrats already allowed it to happen by putting Americans in this position to begin with.  This was ur idea of fixing healthcare,  ACA.
Right
ACA already caused devastating harm to millions of people. We definitely did not make progress. It has failed millions. Why keep that? SMH
Where does your info come from--Fox News? The majority of Americans --some 91%-- have bought in to the ACA! They don't want to lose it.
My info came from experience. Premiums and deductibles have doubled. My income doesn't allow the free insurance. I now have ins I can't use.
I lost my health care when you passed Obama care. Where are my rights to have health insurance.

If Bernie were president, this country would be on the right path to perfection!
No... we would be in the same predicament. Just more peaceful protesting than violent antifas.
We wouldn't. He'd give what the majority want. No need for huge protests
Not if he wants open borders.  Nope. Not happening without a civil war
He would continue vetting refugees as Obama did
No http://thanks.how 'd that work out in Boston?Or  San Bernardino?& how about reducing crime, securing borders, deporting illegals?
Those guys weren't vetted refugees from the countries Trump is attempting to block
Sure... whatever. That's why I say close down all immigration from all countries where terrorism is any issue. And restrict greatly any imm
STOP your Lying it's Not Working Obama CARE is the DEATH of AMERICAN PEOPLE
Universal health care for all YSA citizens! Wake up USA!
Obamacare is hurting millions of people!!!
Obamacare isn't perfect, but at least it was something for those who had nothing.
I personally didn't like Obamacare, but it was a step in a better direction for people like me who had no healthcare options otherwise.
keep fighting tobacco...that is our biggest problem for healthcare
Yeah, bank fraud bernie is afraid somebody will fix the socialist anuerysms and then they'll never get to be in charge again...
What? Dont want to lose the world record for screwing the most people?
what about ACA?
Millions of welfare people that we got screwed into paying for by your socialist crap!
You helped craft Obamacare--how'd that work?
No one believes you.
Indeed we won't Senator, McConnell and his allies may have postponed their health/deathcare, but we will make sure it never passes at all.
https://youtu.be/8bii15Kix2Q 
Stop lying. Why don't you donate your millions you made this year to the poor for their healthcare.
How do you know what will happen to people ...ARE YOU A DOCTOR
Obamacare has already caused harm to millions of people.
Bozo care has all ready done that. And you want to make it worse
And just how much death and "devastation" has socialism caused over the last century?
Do you mean 15M Dreamers or the 21M illegals?  Doesn't make sense 2 embrace 36 million illegals if 23M Americans must fight 4 healthcare?
Sell your mansions Bernie don't be a typical Socialist Thug.
Bern, gripe, gripe, gripe!! If you REALLY care about your constituents you'd bring a plan to the table! Talk is cheap!  Show us da plan!!
Typical 3 year ol child attitude instead of assisting fix the healthcare issue in the US, well, Bernie sat on the VA for 18 mos and did zero
Full of opinions but you don't want to help make it better
Data for United States in 2014 death rate: 
2,626,418. This is with Obamacare. They're gonna die anyway. Smh
So give up August break and do something constructive professor
@BernieSanders @RandPaul @TulsiGabbard @SecretaryAcosta @MarkZuckerbe1rg Facebook purveyor visa scams taking jobs/healthcare fr Am. Workers.
@4US_Workers @freedoms411 Why do we really need Facebook especially if the are major purveyor of visa scams taking our jobs and livelihood?
COMEDY !  
20MILLION WALKED AWAY FROM OBAMACARE.Your single insurer proposal makes government god&strips people of their inalienable rights #deathpanel
Bernie and his ilk simply don't understand (or they reject) the concept of "rights" as our founders  understood them.
Just exactly WHAT IS "devastating harm"?!
Gee, how did we survive before the "great" Obama and Obamacare came along?
Thank you! !!!!!
Did anyone ever think about if the govt just created a policy for those 30 million who had no coverage and left the rest of us alone?
Listen to @BernieSanders 
Go to Republican Townhalls #MAGA 
Tell them LOUD you want #SinglePayer 
Not tax breaks for billionaires.
It will so deal with it
You to start pointing out politicians who are now buying stock on insurance companies. What do they know or are they being bought?
Mr B.S., I care about health care but this seems to be the only thing you talk about. Has it affected you personally? Not have cov as a kid?
Bernie is gay
Obamacare also caused millions to suffer, why not speak out against that?
Please Senator ask you colleagues how in the world can they keep supporting Trump as he has made the US an embarrassment to the world
And have shown that they are traitors due to Russia do not sell America to Russia
What Bernie doesn't tell you is Obamacare incrd Medicaid recipients fr 50MM to 72MM (22MM incr)

Thank you so much for focusing on the important issues while other elected officials just focus on and tweet garbage!
You should move to Venezuela if you want to know what it's like to live under people like your savior Bernie
So how many tragic deaths were there before Obamacare?
This just in:  People die.

What have been up to since rubbing HRCs bunions @SenSanders?  10 MIL $ loan?  Check.  Closed a college?  Check.  2 new houses?  Check!
your ridiculous dude.  lying!
you are very duplicitous. Hypocritical maybe
No more FDA/DEA/ Gov involvement at all in healthcare. Cures are out there come to Colorado & learn how to kick your death sentence's ass.
Why should the gov have any involvement in decided how the terminally ill should treat? CBD/THC cures cancer in Colorado I've know survivors
We watched a woman in Canada lay 3 wks in hospital waiting her turn to get care. Canada is single payer insurance. The US doesn't want it.
At least they can sometimes get treatment in the states although they tried to end that recently. #CharlieGard told he isn't allowed to come
Why do u think so many Canadians come to America 4 treatment rather than wait around to see a doctor. No more gov involvement in Healthcare
Single Payer Healthcare causes death to millions like #CharlieGard who die waiting for healthcare or refused treatment by death panel judges
only thing harmed will be you and your agenda to destroy American, step away from our country, step away from the freedoms you seek to take
Bank Fraud Bernie, we are going to just let everyone keep your shit obumercare program! It will collapse and U shit dems will be the blame
Your wife is going to jail for bank fraud, hope you didn't influence bank also, otherwise 
ACA was causing devastating harm to people and the economy. You didn't seem to care then. What caused you change? Is is because of Trump?
Apposed to the many thank we harmed by your wife bankrupting a college jeopardizing those children's futures
Bernie, you are scaring people with hyperbole and lies. The drama from the Left & MSM is making Liberals crazy. This has to stop. Repent!
People need to take responsibility for their own health. If u want 2 B healthy stop GMO's, chemtrails, vaccinations, immigration, driving
How about you monkeys in Washington use the same healthcare that your shoving down our throats!!! I'll bet we'd have a great system then...
Bernie seemed alright til he sold out to Clinton's
It might get worse than that. Be smart.
ACAcaused devastating harm to millions when it took away my great affordable plan & left me w/out for 6 yrs. How many millions did ACA kill?
Yep. This coverage is killing us
The sky is falling and we are all going to die. Run for your lives!
#RepealObamacare and #deregulate
Like bank fraud?
Why don't we just settle it once and for all. Execute all the evil "rich" people, confiscate all their assets, and make everything free!
Ahhh start in Hollywood
I am now in the process of losing my ins for the 3rd time bcse of you and @BarackObama. Your mental illness has made hell of my life.
It's time for you to do what you do best bernie! Let's rename another post office!!!
I want my fee stuff and I want it now so get to work
Your words? Or your boss Hillary's? Man up Bernie.
Socialism causes devastating harm to millions of people- think Venezuela
But socialism just hasn't been tried right, dontcha' know?!
Enough on TrumpCare! Bring back HR676!
Would that be because YOU want to continue doing harm to millions of people?
Just how do you arrive at that conclusion? Fox News? You' never had an accident, injury, or illness that cost you 100s of thousands of $$$!
Your solution to the problem is what caused the problem to begin with:  government intervention.  No, I don't watch Fox.
Who is "we"? Got a mouse in your pocket? You certainly don't have the votes. 
Obviously you have never had an accident, injury, or illness that cost you 100s of thousands of dollars or a child with cancer! AHCA no $$$!
People have been having these catastrophic things throughout my lifetime dear. I am 71 years old. We have always taken care of them & will.
Well,David, I am 71 also and have a great retirement  income, but I couldn't handle the $177,212 that my fall cost. ACA You made ins pay!
Sorry, I have trouble with the keypad! I meant to say that the ACA made my insurance cover my costs without a lot of problems and partial pm
Gunna be a lot of butthurt protesters when none of them have insurance, and the police start shooting back. #MAGA
So what is Dem's plan when Obamacare collapses... have a riot?
BS
No Darlin. It's you! It's all you!!
You want socialized medicine - why not just say so and stop attacking the process of changing to a better private ins system
No such thing as "better private insurance". They steal your money and give you shit in coverage. Single payer means gov pays the bills.
LMAO...
I find it interesting that one natl party thinks self-responsibility would be devastating. If I quit working would you take care of me?
If you had a life-threatening illness, injury, or accident, Obamacare--the ACA-- would take care of you. It did for me & saved a bankruptcy
If you were healthy but illegal, or if you've got no job & several kids,  ACA & your state or fed govnmt will give u free food, housing, $.
Having been a school principal for 30+ yrs, illegals do not draw housing from govt. I never saw them draw food stamps. A woman (white or
Check out Bernie Sanders card: http://ThePartisanNews.com 
I cant believe you favor a law(A.C.A.) that penalizes the working/middle class if they don't buy a product sold by multi-millionaires
It's unfair and an unsustainable idea.
I'm not sure when it became constitutional to tax a citizen for not buying a product.
That's not true
Agree....now could you call what don jr did collusion???  You are being part of the problem!
@SenSanders Then introduce the SINGLE PAYER bill! Give them a BETTER SOLUTION. That way they can't make excuses for passing the crap bill.
Universal health care for all GOVERNMENT Officials NO LONGER GET GOLDEN INSURANCE.. @SenateGOP get in the mud w us! Trump wants us 2 die u2
Chaffetz Americans got 2 make a choice. So rather than that new iPhone maybe they should invest in their own health care. STILL @SenateGOP
UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE & government officials have 2 use it 2. If not & U want us in mud your getting in with us! #ENDGOVERMENTHEALTHCARE4GOP
Please also vote no on Sen Corker's plan  to give TBTF banks Fannie Mae's best line of business.
They should understand that this treason will cost them they seats
Ha. That will never happen. Hospitals can't refuse u in CA. how else do illegal immigrants have heath care...
The people got screwed in this election.
Yes losing the popular vote means a majority now
You and your wife stole a $100 million $and you want to talk about the poor??
can not allow them to stay in the WH. we have out of control public servants who aren't serving the public but themselves
That can be said about every politician. Red or blue they only care about themselves and pinning their pockets
no. the activities are extreme, inhumane and illegal. this is the worst presidency and congress maybe since Nixon or...Andrew Jackson.
Carter by far was the worse president
My statement re: 8 mos of trump presidency, congress & staff are steadfast. Carter-zero/zilch impact 2 this country today, tomorrow...
"devastating harm" won't stop or bother GOP especially @SpeakerRyan , @SenateMajLdr and @realDonaldTrump.

yet you let Obamacare happen
I know, thank Bernie for saving those lives. Without Obamacare so many peope wouldn't have healthcare nowadays...
yes @SenSanders is the great savior. He's a genius. All is well. I got it.
Bernie best you get back to the Fed investigation. 
You still have some lying to do.
Pure speculation.
Not singling you out, but I am tired of all the talking
So shut up
I'm not singling you out chris I'd just like it if you shut up
33 seconds, didn't take the trolls long. I wonder if they have jobs or just shit post on Twitter all day.
Please stay strong and let us know what we can do to help.  I have called and faxed....
Your a wacko. How much money do you receive from the government every year?
Bernie I wish u were president we sure could use one right about now!
Yeah we sure could. Instead of record setting economy we could be like Venezuela or the college his wife ran so brilliantly. #uninformed
another trump university flunkie = I see ur down to 3 followers ur 1 person who should just shut up and listen u might learn something!
Who you got Bern Mayweather or McGregor?
rEpUbLiCaNs’ HeAlTh cArE BiLl wOuLd cAuSe dEvAsTaTiNg hArM To mIlLiOnS Of pEoPlE. wE WiLl nOt aLlOw tHaT To hApPeN.
hTtPs://t.cO/Ab8bQgV0Fz

It was already there but no one understood how it would work so they freaked out
Its gonna happen. I hope his supporters act / retaliate with their votes in 2018 and 2020...
At least you fight for the right causes Bernie. And I respect that.
Thank you, Senator Sanders. Let's hope we can stop it.
Stop being so drama.
Thank you for all you do Senator Sanders
