The Canadian single-payer doesn't cover everything like your plan does, Bernie.
Only big things we are missing are drugs and dental which you are right, should be covered and I hope we add them soon.
Not entirely true. Drugs are covered by gov programs like Trillium (ON) for those who could not afford them. Dental, we are on our own.
Right. Should just be covered. Both are "health care".  Never made sense to treat them differently.
Absolutely, it's an oversight to neglect basic dental care. Bad teeth can negatively affect not just health but economic prosperity.
Why do so many Canadians come th e the US for healthcare if your socialist system is so great
We don't.  Myth based on anecdata.  Next q?
Being completely uninformed must weigh heavy on your ability to make a living.
Point of information:  The People's Republic of Canada have single-payer?
Yes. More like how Medicaid works: Feds set broad stds, provide some funding, provinces fund rest and administer it.
US citizens might be interested to know this, and still it is a free country?
My government minder says I am to say "yes" if I want my bread ration for the day.
If that plan is so great, why do so many there come to the USA for medical treatment? Had plan to retire 4/2018, can't bc #Obamacare costs
We don't come to the US in significant numbers. This is a myth based on a few anecdotes.
Canadians admit they are taxed to death and aren't receiving high quality healthcare. #MedicareForAll will be a massive burdensome penalty
We admit what now?  Where? We live longer than Americans so must be doing something right.
I'm in Canada and our system is crumbling.
Wanna trade?
Want 60% taxes?
The top Federal income tax rate in Canada is 29%, lower than the US.
And with that comment every Canadian is laughing at you.
Most Canadians would rather keep their current health care system than go with a US-style model. https://www.healthcare-now.org/blog/new-poll-shows-canadians-overwhelmingly-support-public-health-care/ …
It took me 6 hrs with my crying son with a broken leg eating in the emergency to see a dr. I would have paid
Plenty of similar stories here. What makes you think you would have seen a doc sooner if you had private insurance?
There's a thing called W. Europe with its countries having universal coverage, less waits and better public health indicators than Canada.
I'm with you Bernie
Bernie you are a FEEBLE OLD MAN

WHY DO CANADIANS COME TO USA FOR HEALTH SERVICES AND PAY CASH TO GET THEM??? Please tell people the truth you liar!!! Not good!
https://www.gofundme.com/6e7sb-funeral-arrangements …
He won't tell you that your taxes will need to be doubled to pay for it and it will only cover 80% leaving u to still have to buy insurance
Youre just as bad as trump and his stupid wall.  Single payer would cost trillions and you have no way to pay for it.
People who never paid into Medicare will get Medicare? Not fair to people who have to pay for out of their Social Security.
LOL - aww go sell a book; you already have us $21 trillion in debt ($21,000,000,000,000) - lots of zeros like you
Don't let anyone pull the BS about long waits. We already have that in the US right along with poor care. $$ doesn't belong in health care.
Single Payer is for Smart Countries Senator.!   @realDonaldTrump

Since your party wont see the white house for a generation or more, youre wasting your time
They only pay 15% tax rate. Are you going to lower my taxes to pay for this? I thought not. Drain the Swamp.
Move to Canada, Bernie! We will all be happier!
what can we as a society do about new bill for warrantless searches being legal now???
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154958334563263&id=9364828262 … what say you Berntard?

No thanks! I have Canadians friends who are honest enough to tell me it sucks.
Shouldn't "show" be changed to "Circus?"
She's extremely well spoken and convincing.  Well done!
Thank you Bernie thank you Bernie thank you Bernie
No time for comedy hour
Good thing it's not live on @MSNBC or none of us who care would get to hear it.  They are very clear on their agenda re: single payer
No thanks. Tweak/Save #ACA .Tax increase is losing D strategy . CBO score? My sweet tooth created an ahnvee for . Want one? Got plenty.
Bernie thinks he's going to convince voters in the South to support a tax increase by talking to a Canadian, this guy is delusional, lol.
Very true. He is incredibly arrogant. Another greedy, impotent DC empty suit but dangerous outside beltway => making scratch #FireBrand
Hlw
@DrWeil @DeepakChopra The best medicine for illness is prevention.
Will YOU go on it Answer that one question.
Keep pushing Bernie, for a decent America! There should be great shame in the country that a universal Medicare does not already exist!
My concern is the age brackets. I'm in severe need of insurance and won't get it until the final round b/c of my age. Still 100% for it
With UK's system it create more jobs, all have to pay same low %amount,  cheaper meds small businesses can employ more living standard rises
Will all illegal aliens be covered under your plan?
The Bernie Sanders show? Really? He is just like Trump. The ego is massive.
What of Hillary Clinton's Policies do you support so vehemently?
Voting rights, criminal justice reform, free comm college,  free university for families making less than 100k, public option, DACA,
Now having said that why do you hate Bernie so much policies only he supports 90 percent of those
I think he is a fraud. A big talker. He is a career pol and has accomplished little. Don't trust him.
Tell me exactly who will be paying for all this medical coverage under your plan. Is it going to be the poor who are already strapped?
Are nursing homes for the elderly and infirmed covered? Or the elderly going to be euthanized as part of your plan?
What about hearing aids? Are they covered under your plan?
The single-payer 'rationed' health care in Canada is so awesome they come to the U.S. for treatment and care.
Yes a whopping one percent of us go to US for treatment. Scandalous!
Don't believe everything you think.
It's not what I think. It's a fact. But thanks for playing.
In your own mind....
Nope. We can have differing opinions which is fine and good. But facts aren't up for debate. If you don't understand that, I can't help you.
All I'm saying is 1% is a low-ball estimate at best.
Do ya think the average wait time of 9 weeks has anything to do with it?
Yes wait times are the one place where we need to improve. That has nothing to do with single-payer tho. It's about resource management.
https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/9/13/16297454/hillary-clinton-single-payer-vox-interview …
Let  Everyone know it's a bunch of  BULL 
NO NO NO NO
So go to Canada. We prefer liberty.
That hair outline looks exactly like Nadya Tolokonnikova's. You sure you're not just throwing us a surprise party? 
Strip and have her give u a checkup,,so we can decide if we want it or not
You've got to get people over the "wait time" connected with single payer. It's the #1 argument every time I bring it up with folks.
Thank you , Bernie for all you do!
You are fooling yourself and your audience if you think that a single payer system would be less expensive.
As far as Medicare for all, define what that really means. In a utopian world that sounds good, but not practical in a real world.
A Government run system that provides minimal health care for all including illegal alieans is not my idea of a good health care plan.
Must B moving 2 Canada 2 avoid prosecution. Medicare is 4 those who paid into the system though the years&didn't use it till 55 years old.
Bernie has carried these ideals for decades so in conclusion wanting whats better for everyone is greed ofc why have i never been so woke
Single-payer and gender reassignment for all.
Everyone talks about Canada's one health care. Lets be realistic the most profitable and most successful is the UK's health system
Hea Bernie why you're having your conversation ask Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau why he gave a known terrorist nearly nine million dollar
Please discuss how we will overcome the challenges in scale. The US is 9x their size... We have states with more people than Canada.
As a British person now living in Canada, the US should be aiming higher than the Canadian system.
What's the point of what you're doing Bernie? You know it has no chance. You had a much better chance of beating Hillary had she not cheated
#Political #promises that will never pass . Bernie , run as an #indepenent for #potus , your not a #Democrat !
*sigh* no. I would rather see you in conversation with other senators. Otherwise it just looks like campaign 2015 all over again.
I'll pass, in not a single issue voter, and until Bernie changes party he is not a Democrat and will not get my vote.
U were so easy on HIllary during the debates only pointing out the obvious differences between U and her, yet she blames U for losing
U could of cut HIllary a new AHole over the server issues during debates, instead U totally let her off the hook, year later your to blame
I applaud your efforts for single payer but is that's what it has to be to get American's attention?  A Show?  #ResistRealityTV
Wow, that was EXACTLY my thought! 

Kudos for keeping up the fight, though, Sen. Sanders!
So you can divide the Dems, lose the primaries, which would then instigate a protest vote against the Dems, and re-elect Trump. Great plan.
Are you paying the money back your family stole yet? We don't listen to CRIMINALS
You're a #Socialist/#Communist using #MedicareForAll as a tool to subvert our #America. As a Veteran #FYYPOS #FUPOS #POS #EAD #YNTDASPD
Don't forget. Original version of ObamaCare was based on Australia's Medicare system. Cheaper to run. Canada's very similar to Australia's
Trouble is, Insurance companies own and run America's hospitals. Get them out and have Health Dept govern & regulate public hospitals.
Low income earners should get a Medicare card. When showing their card, the doctor or hospital Bulk Bills government. $500 pa Medicare levy
Meaning the rich and high income earners pay the Medicare Levy on their tax.
Sorry, I'll be busy taking a dump.
stepping in the shite again , never learn
The more people that die from lack of healthcare, the more people I have in heaven.
Sanders, your tireless fight for #SinglePayer is noble beyond words.

THANK YOU!
