The response of a weak man who thinks he needs to assert dominance to feel strong
I’m really not interested in continuing this baseless conversation with you. Please troll someone else.
Normal thinking is relative.
And how that tax cut tanked the economy. I still remember Xmas 82. Not sure who was sadder, me or my folks.
#DamnedFacts #EnoughIsEnough #BreakThe2PartyTrap

https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/kiro-seattle/dave-ross-commentary/e/51646063 …
Why don't trumpies understand this?!  The deficit also exploded after Bush tax cuts. GOP squandered budget surplus from Clinton era!
He had to raise them because the incompetent  people in Congress spent too much money. If a company spends too much, they are gone forever.
And almost killed the Middle Class.
Well, the "democratic" party has killed itself, now we can work on getting rid of the "conservatives"...

Wake up trumpies!
Wow how can you lie on this...Reagan lower the tax rate 5 times.
To be fair, Republicans fail on a lot of things.
Pointless try to explain this FACT to people since people only listen or remember what is convenient...
Reaganomics destroyed unions, America's working class and the poor to enrich the elite class.
Fuck the Republican Party
Cruz, is a liar... it did for a but then fell on its ass hard.  We've not seen a real growning of the econ. since Clinton.
People who pine for the #Reagan days are all delusional. They didn’t understand it then, just like they don’t understand it now.
@tedcruz care to comment on this one buddy? Fact cuts aren't the answer.

So what Bernie we had a great country under Ronald Reagan and we will have a greater country after Donald Trump finishes his term
Sad AF @GOP has to go back to REAGAN for a Repub Pres ppl can remember fondly - you'd have to be 46+ to have voted for him (<half of U.S.)
How about the Reagan Savings and Loan Scandal because of deregulation cost tax payers 550 Billion dollars.  Remember that.

So easy for them to forget the truth
Shall we tell Ted about Iran Contra or will his head explode?
TOOK AWAY my dead dads soc.sec. for College from Me! Ended my College career! Reduced Soc.Sec. aid by 25% ea. year!& ENDED Black fam.wealth!
Deficits are created by spending more than you make,or in your case steal from the citizens of this country, well at least the working ones
He never cut taxes, just transferred then from federal to social security.
Here, Ted! This one's for you!
Yeah, well, guess what else "exploded" under Reagan,Ted? Homelessness and farm foreclosures.
Found proof that @SenSanders and the guy in the video didn't even look at Google first.
And created one of the biggest tax revolts of all time. But know one talks about that. Especially politicians.
Thought he was counting jelly beans.
So tired of this retread. Reaganomics failed!
Regan also increased the national debt 160% with that wonderful tax cut. Boo!
This is the only trickle down you’ll see under Trump’s administration
True !
Yes, because they never studied history, they think they know it all automatically making WRONG ASSUMPTIONS!!!
The later increases were too small, of course.
Selective memory by the extreme right!
Nice Bernie! I think the name is President Reagan to you! Since you are just a Senator!
Was that economic explosion before or after the pilferage of the SOCIAL SECURITY TRUST FUND of $2.5 TRILLION?
 let's not forget it's 30 years to the day of the biggest stock market crash in our history #BlackMonday '87
Wrong. Right-Wing “Conservative” Democrats posing as Republicans like to claim that. This real Republican got Regulation Q off the books.
Even with those increases effective tax rats were still 50% lower in 88 than they were when he took office.
We need the estate tax.  Income Inequality is killing America
Reagan was also a crappy ass governor as well.
Pleass,Texas vote this joker out.
AND raised the Debt Limit 17 times.
SEVENTEEN. TIMES.
oh and gave AMNESTY to immigrants
Oh and thought "NO" on assault weapons
This asses are full of it!
Pick and choose segments of history and twist into semblance of argument...a forest from a stripped branch.
What's the difference between a Socialist and a Democrat on taxes?
And then Bush Sr claimed it was VooDoo economics , raised taxes again and under Clinton a bipartisan effort to reel the mess in.
He & Stockman also admitted trickle-down doesn't work. "That's crazy", Reagan said about the poor pay more in effective taxes than the1%.
2/ Yet #GOP has sacrilized the idea of "job creators" & trickle-down", & fought to ensure the 1%  pay less and less of their  fair share
Is anyone willing to spell out what fair share is?
That would be nice, but the 1%'s effective rate should always be higher than the taxed rated for the bottom, say, 75%-90%.
2/ Start with getting rid of the capital gains and carried interest exemptions. They get to keep more money bc they made money w/ money? wtf
So what is the fair share?  20%, 30%, 40%?
40% BUT there's a whole lot of decimal point tween %ages from $380K and $1M, and $10M, $100M, $1B, etc..  41% for billionaires.
2/ Is there something a billionaire hasn't already bought? I mean beside the gov't and influence they usually use it for.
Embrace the bitterness Bernie fanatics
Wrong:81 top tax rate70%,Reagan dropped it to 50%,then 28% in 86 Tax rev increased from 517B in 80 to 904B in '88. Lower rates increase rev.
Because they are lying, cherrypicking sociopaths.
VooDoo economics
He can't win on merit because he knows he's wrong so he must lie, misdirect, and smear because his idea's can't hold. Meanwhile ours do.
And don't forget Bush keep raising taxes as well, notwithstanding his 'read my lips' statement during his campaign.
Speaking of taxes, when will you release yours?
Shame on both of you for wasting all that airtime yesterday.  You should have taken the cameras to Puerto Rico & USVI to show needs.
Don't forget that Reagan increased the national debt by 186%.
The economy also grew under Reagan. So your point is ?
Tax cuts always equal short term economic burst, then depression. Distract us with false news and sports, they can get away with anything
GOP also forget why it worked. In 80, corps had no cash & hi int rates. Low corp tax rate was only way to insert $. That's not the case now.
Wanting the same fix again is like having a gut ache and asking your doctor for another appendectomy cuz the first 1 fixed you up last time.
Don't forget he also eviscerated the progressive income tax marginal tax rate to let billionaires keep more of their money. The Road to Income Inequality http://aseyeseesit.blogspot.com/2011/10/99-year-history-of-tax-rates-in-america.html …
@BetoORourke getting rid of Cruz is step one.
But even according to this snippet, if really true and not misleading like most of your rhetoric, those 10x only increased half what he cut
@LisaMoraitis1 DNC  MONEY HUNGRY VOLCHERS ASKING  $$. GET BEST LAWYERS. IMPEACH. MUELLER can't be trusted. TRUMP BUYS everyone
@LisaMoraitis1 STOP TALKING NONSENSE. LOWER TAXES for  POOR,  MIDDLE CLASS, ALL NOT RICH. INCREASE $ 15 HR.  NATIONWIDE.
"Reaganomics" was also the start of our long, slow rise in income inequality too. #NotOnePenny
Ok - please list these tax increases for me. That would be helpful.
He was the greatest world leader of all times. He's success made the libtards heads explode. It was the best of times
& @SenSanders forgot to tell America how the economy was much better than it was under a democratic President Carter who gave us 21%Interest
He cut taxes again in 87. Those stupid libtards keep raising them.
Republicans feed lies to the public to pass their agenda
I never knew this.
didn't 81 cuts only affect the rich& the subsequent tax raises?# across the board ie. all tax brackets?
And the prime rate was 18%!
someone should ask what's going on in Kansas right now ...
I'm old enough to remember 'Reaganomics' and all of the suffering it caused. Gratefully my mother purchased our home before it hit.
Fucking GOP and Cruz are lying about tax cuts. Trickle down is nonsense.
You can only steal the dollar one time.
Reagan/ H.W. Bush (inherited voodoo econ.) were the worst years of my working career ! Didn't know if I could retire nor if Soc Sec there.
I remember being schooled on how many zeros were in a trillion...what the debt went to under Reagan
Now 20x that number thanks to progressivism.
They also fail to note that it sparked a deep recession that hurt the middle class, and created the gap between rich & the middle class
So let me get this straight, your bad mouthing Reagan for doing what you want to do, or @tedcruz for bringing up Reagan for doing what u wan
Lets also remembering 1987 there was the largest 1 day drop @ Wall Street in history. #Blackmonday
Bernie be like...
They also fail to mention how anti-Russian Reagan was, and how disgusted he would be to see @GOP traitors for Russia in the white house.
This has been the line of BS the Republicans have stated for years and all it took me years ago was a simple fact check to debunk.
I lived through those years and seen it first hand. Taxes go up because you liberalism.
Reagan took rates from 70% to 30% and revenues doubled. The libs held the majority in congress and forced Reagan to rise taxes as a deal
I
Makes it about even then. They brag about Clinton raising income taxes on the rich while cutting the taxes that make the rich richer.
So how is he doing as far as the economy?
I mean are more of us working?
Is the stock market up?
Business opening?
Is it okay to use tax rates to stimulate and then slow down the economy?
Can govt. float tax rates the same way they float interest rates?
We've been too soft on lies and fraud for too long. It's not enough to call it out. We need a massive education program promoting honesty
Reagonomics enabled the US to create a swamp of debt along with the beginning of the downfall of the middle-class.
To increase the tax revenue needed to fuel the government's plans; the wages must be increased. It is the only way. RM
Reagan is another one who had Alzheimer’s in office.
what does Cruz know, he was Canadian then
So true uncle Bernie and remember what he said about trickle down economics "didnt count on the greed of people"
And left Bush 1 with a dog shit economy
Reagan was a moron.
And that the supply side economic improvement was short lived as they spent more on the military to decrease the improvements.
And look @ how they managed 2 do that. By stagnating living wage increases on the middle & lower class. By taxing the poor & stymieing wages
It's the same thing that's been going on my whole life. We get just enough to keep us fooling ourselves into doing what we 'have' to do.SOS.
Both parties have done this to their constituents. Every year. Don't run as a Dem Bernie. You are better than them and we all know it.
Help us show the rest of the world we are better than this. No more Dem or Republican. No more lies. Enough is enough.
Bien Llamero,me alegra que sigas a Sanders, esos son los líderes que debemos seguir, no a Maduro e Iglesias que han traicionado sus principi
Thanks for telling the truth.
Were tax rates lower in 1988 than they were in 1980 ( Reagan ) Yes. How about 2000 vs 1992 ( Clinton ) No. 2016 vs 2008 ( Obama ) No. 
Reagan is why the middle class is struggling today.
Regan was a good guy,  but not everything he did was perfect either
Sad, they can't even get history right.
They can , they choose to use selective memory
reagan was an ass
And made it much harder on many of us by illegally double taxing our Social Security.  Without tax my retirement would be much better.
GOP suck at running an economy
Dumbocrats fail to mention that JFK also had a tax reduction plan to stir economic growth. Are you saying JFK was flawed? Foolish man. #MAGA
Reagan tax cuts was disproportionate in favor of the top brackets
Question; Why do so many US companies relocate to Ireland?  Answer; because Ireland lowers their corporate tax rate to attract these companies.

What’s the middle class
Ronald Reagan also tripled the gross national debt.
Yep- I remember- I had to program changes for payroll taxes
We became a debtor nation for the FIRST time under Reagan.
I don't think he remembers the eighties correctly, the inflated economy wasn't good for most people.Does he not remember Enron?
Christ, Bernie, how do you stand it? Thank you for defending our democracy, every time, against this cartoonishly slimy GOP. Keep on!!
BERNIE2020.  Took Cruz down on CNN. Love it!!!!!
Reagan had to because we were broke.
Sorry Bernie I think you lost that one. Good luck telling everyone that their Federal tax rate will be 50% to pay for all the free stuff.
Or that he tanked the economy & caused the housing bubble & S&L scandal. Leaving Bush I such a terrible economy he had to raise taxes again
It's not the same how with such a big deficit
Mr Cruz a lite
It’s called selective memory. Republicans pick and choose what they want to remember. If it fulfills their purpose, it will be mentioned.
@tedcruz. How dumb do u think the non trump base is...I remember the 81 tax cut...and the subsequent increases...btw WE are the majority
Very true. He was a pragmatic politician. He also loathed socialism.
The debate is over
#Bernie kicked Ted's ass
Now I can shut off CNN again!
I never watch #MainStreamMedia
Unless #BernieSenders is on it!JGB
Yay! I missed it but dvr
Those tax increases were heavily loaded on the middle class too. Regressive tax policies have been in place for way too long!
I believe from my heart and soul that you care about middle class people and keep fight those who wants rich to be rich great again always
Thank Reagan for the homeless villages and his ignoring HIV plague = Reagan rots in bowels  of hell waiting for Texas Cruz
Amazing how they only remember the convenient parts of history!
Reagan raised capital gains taxes, and overall raised taxes like crazy, dont let them lie another 30 years
Reagan raised the hell out of taxes,  INCLUDING CAPITAL GAINS
The indecent events that followed that tax cut for all of the 98% were bad but how the mentally ill suffered......
He sent the deficit spiralling causing a recession after his term ended
He rescued the economy after those horrible Carter years.
You fail to mention democrats reneged on promises made for those tax increases. You act like people can't read historical accounts.
But they dont like talkin about how he gave amnesty to 10M people & improved millions of lives because they dont have the right skin color.
Bernie caught him in a lie lol
Just debate the Koch's and Robert Mercer directly.
This  "economy" does not have enough progress to enrich those who are already rich
That's why Bush had to promise not to raise taxes "read my lips, no new taxes." But of course he did.
Cruz kicked your old ass buddy. Go retire.
The tax increase if we all pay will save the less fortunate families by thousands.
A good breakdown from an extremely conservative group.
Taxes were reduced under Reagan... Many of these "increases" are loopholes being closed, and write offs eliminated. All good things, imo.
Trickle down does not work.
get rid of that damn Ted Cruz
Apparently they all fail at logic and reason.
You know all about taxing the people don't you #BreadLineBernie !!
Where are your taxes? Are they hiding in the same place as the millions Jane stole?
Even you agree that if you want less of something "tax it".... So when you tax the crap out of our income what would one expect?
Doesn't anyone remember double digit inflation under Regan? And the loss of writing off credit card interest rates on taxes?
They have selective memories
Let's reverse his tax on ss. That would be reform.
They alSo fail to mention it did nothing for the middle class. No trickle down happening here either.
Democrats love talking about how Clinton balanced the budget but they fail to mention he robbed Social Security to do & put SS in harms way
Reagan went along with tax hikes with the Democrat promise of spending cuts.  Democrats never delivered.  But you know that.
oh wow you tweet and debate at the same time!
Funny how that works I think they call it the Hippocratic Oath
What year during 1980-1990 did taxes go up? https://taxfoundation.org/us-federal-individual-income-tax-rates-history-1913-2013-nominal-and-inflation-adjusted-brackets/ … 70% gets eliminated, every year after that tax ranges rise on same %
And that he was the first president to borrow HEAVILY from our Social Security
You r pretty smart @SenSanders, cut out the middle man on health care, As I understood what you had said was save Americans $2000. a year...
Theif  Give that $$ back Bernie
And it's dishonest and/or stupid to equate cutting taxes from 1980 high levels to cutting them from current low levels.
Taxes still decreased by approximately 140 billion.  Not bad!!!!!
The Ronnie, damn him and the horse he rode in on, also gave away the public networks to his cronies . How is that working out? Fake News!
And you're lying Reagan never increased taxes government revenue increased but not taxes
Pay the taxes on your million dollar booke advance that would be 350,000
Reagan agreed to raise taxes to deal with budget deficits, even if he wasn’t enthusiastic about it.
Yep, deficits caused by spending increases. Do they forget we were in a cold war arms race?

You don’t even pay your fair share. You have no authority to say a word.
Take your Geritol and go to bed.
Still started with a cut and not an increase up to 90% which Mr. Sanders doesn't think is too high.
Regardless,  he was a good president
It’s almost like republicans are liars who wouldn’t deserve the benefit of the doubt if they said the devil is evil.
RECESSION, high interest rates, high mortgages, real estate crashed, all of the result of the regan tax cut. History repeats itself?
Heck, even Reagan couldn't remember the last 6.
And how much would your approach raise taxes Bernie and what are you bringing to the table  stop tweeting and do your job
Bernie suck
Raegan massively cut the corporate tax rate in '81,  the TEFRA of '82 closed loopholes and increased other taxes slightly

#propaganda
