It affects them when they die!  Therefore “death tax” is accurate.
Nope, it taxes inheritance, not dying.
Which must be paid when you die out of your estate, not the bequest to your devisees.  This money has already been taxed.  It’s a death tax.
No, my dude. You can die for free. It taxes large inheritances.
No, it was taxes the estate, before it goes to the devisees or heirs.
That's what I said.
No it isn’t.  Inheritance is what goes to the heirs.  Estate is what’s left when you die.  The government takes its cut before heirs get any
Yeah, it taxes what's going to go to your heirs, it taxes inheritance.
Likewise, most corporations never pay 35% stated rate. They have so many write-offs that their clever accountants take advantage; pay +/-8%.
Bernie...we pay 50% income tax..then 50 % estate tax...so we can only pass 25% of the money we earned for our families to our families? BS
Your bot tweeting is deplorable. In the face lies to so many Americans that lost almost half their inherents to a tax you support
I may have to sell off land frm SMALL FARM to pay Est Taxes when my parents pass based on current plans. 150+ yrs small farm, gone. Thanks!
the “small farm” would have been worth over 5.49 million dollars in order to have to pay estate taxes
That is not true!  Further more, the value of the land does not mean heirs have any money! I've seen ppl lose family homes over death tax
A demonstration of the vile plutocratic bias of public discourse.
It’s income to the person inheriting.
What’s the difference then if I pay you 50k to do a job for me or leave you 50k in my will? Still income to you and I paid taxes on it.
It's the #bratTax
Taxation is theft. Communist idea has no place in America. #BankFraudBernie
And it is immoral. It's stealing, nothing else.
So you admit that it has a negative impact on Americans, whatever the percentage?
Really?
Not material at all it's a terrible tax
So that makes it ok? Slippery slope...
It's been taxed once already Bernie!  It's not your money!  It is the people's money! You don't like it because you can't spend it!
OK. Most of your rich families can afford "estate planning" so end up paying a lot less than the stated rate of Estate or Inheritance Taxes.
Bullshit it effects everyone including farmers.  Why must we pay a death tax when we pay taxes all along
I have to pay tax on my inheritance from my father's passing and it is under $50,000. It doesn't really make sense to me. All of it.
Especially since your father likely paid taxes on that money when he earned it! Socialist are greedy, gotta take it from u for free shit!
Still a death tax and EXTREMELY IMMORAL, even if it impacts 1 person. Besides, if it's no big deal let it go and stop stealing.
Exactly. If it's not a big deal,why is Bernie fighting for it
.Sr
A

Swe2q aww
So?  They worked for it.  Who deserves the money I worked for?  I don’t decide?  You get to steal it??? Ass
So all tax is theft?
When u decide 2 treat citizens differently because u feel 1 group deserves it more than other & u take from 1 to give the other.It’s theft
It's not treating two citizens differently. If you had the same wealth, you'd be taxed equally.
No - if you paid 45% tax regardless of what you earn, you'd be taxed equally. 
But you're not.
No. That may be equal, but it's unfair.
Why is it 'unfair'? Where does the Constitution say you have a right to 'fair taxation'? 
Constitution says we are all equal.
It's unfair because 10% of a poor person's income is a hell of a lot more than 50% of a rich person's income.
I personally think the inheritance could go.40% tax on a passed one gift when they've paid taxes the whole time is bad
Untrue! It affected my family
I think personally that the top .6% can afford to pay more for the good of the other 99.4%. You too would benefit.
I really think it's a moot point. These cats know how to disperse to avoid the coming liability.
Bernie Sanders for President!
Still no right to take it, it's already taxed
if it only effects the top .2% what difference does it make?tx 1 x not 2. focus on tax issues that effect a greater portion of the country.
Tax a family for a person for dying. Just say it out loud. Big government sucks. It doesn’t matter what your income is. #GetOutOfMyPocket
Farmers and smaller business's are often effected drastically. In order to keep a farm often family has to liquidate some of it
That used to be the case but not in its current form.
No, you are wrong. It affects 100% of ANYONE that has an estate. @NoMathIQ
Double taxation
How does that make it not a death tax?
Still doesn't change the fact that it is 100% absolutely and undeniably a tax that occurs upon death, on already taxed income.
I don't care who is taxed. That money was already taxed.  So if you die Sanders wants  more of that money.  ARE YOU ALL NUTS.
Am I surprised ole Bernie wants a death tax/he loves government/he would have everything run by government/bad for America!
It is a death tax/it effects that farmer/rancher and their families/they aren’t rich/the gov. wants a piece of the pie/pie that is taxed 10x
The principal of the idea is it’s not your money
Doesn’t matter it’s they’re money the government shouldn’t be allowed to take any of it
0.2%...0.01%...doesn't matter Comrade Bernie. They earned the money. Why should they have it taken by the govt. rather than give to heirs?
then why do you Dems care soo much about it? this huge tax break for the wealthiest only applies to .2% of the population?
Why have a tax on 0.2% of people does not sound like a fair tax. 40% of Americans pay zero tax. Class warfare is unamerican.
@HillaryClinton has caused more damage to Dems than GOP could do to it. You can not bring back the lost trust this easily.
You also supported top elite when you voted for @HillaryClinton . You are not trust worthy now. Stop saying what you can't stand for.
Most Americans pay our taxes when we're alive the millionaires now don't even want to finally pay some taxes when they die. This is wrong.
Mind manipulator Frank Luntz came up with "death tax" to deceive the voters. He's proud of it! See his book, Words that Work.
It is not a death tax, which shows the basic dishonesty of those who want to eliminate what little is left of it. You don't pay tax on dying
Bernie you lost your support when you supported @HillaryClinton in elections. You looked fake and unreal when you supported her. Now shut up
Farmers dude.. It fucks farmers..
Estate tax is bullshit!!  It’s double taxation and redistribution of wealth.  Most of time, assets have to be sold just to pay the tax.
Exactly!
Someone does have to die.
Did the tax revision account for if a big family were going to inherit the property, leading to it needing to be divided up? Just check'n
Still theft.  Government vultures.
This clarifies that we are talking about households with over $11 million.
No it doesn't it only effects ranchers and farmers the rest have loop holes supported by the left that that do nothing to the ultra rich

All these socialist, just send your pay checks to Washington, obviously you think the govt needs your money more then you do.
that's a lie Bernie, the Estate tax steals farms and businesses from average Americans
They cannot even die quietly, they want their money to continue speaking crap to us in eternity.
false
#fakenews
They should raise the death tax and take away any loopholes out of it . It’s not steep enough. That .2% can afford it. They will be dead.?
Really it affected me and I am not rich
struggle2survive
So, you're saying they aren't taxed or they didn't die?  Does it matter who it affects?  Someone died and then there is tax. Is that not true?
Just like those poor truckers who are being devastated by it. They can barely afford to keep their summer homes staffed.
hair
Why do the Trumps exist then? The brakes came on too late.
"Death Tax" limits the American dream to 5 million total assets. Quite telling me how to live. 
#RecallSenatorSanders
Cause nobody ever has more than 5 million dollars. Since when has the American dream been inheriting a fortune from your parents.
Not about inheriting from parents, but about Parents passing down a future to their kids. I know I was hit with it at 13. From my Gran
Your are a liar. It affects family farms in your state.
#bankfraudbernie
Any way u look at u hittler wana be its a triple tax
They also exclude payroll taxes when stating how much the rich pay. Payroll taxes raise almost as much! Levied ONLY on WAGES <115k.
and the government still has NO RIGHT to take any part of it! 
WTF is wrong with you people who think stealing people's inheritance is okay?
Because this country is trying to avoid the dangers of dynastic wealth.
It’s a problem for farmers who have lived/worked land for generations. Money poor, and land rich due to inflated land prices around cities.
As wealthy developers move into the countryside, land values explode. Grandpa’s farm you work suddenly is “worth” millions, but make little

Miss Information? The Information family seems to have fled the country.
I notice your concepts of "equality" don't include what taxes people pay.  You're such a fraud.
Who the fuck cares.. it’s still their money..
They worked for it my ass. Please. The term "death tax" should be applied to the grim reaper tax cut bill they're trying to kill us with.
the government sure as hell didn't 'work for it' - and neither did anyone they'd redistribute it to.
You mean the military?
Are farmers part of the 0.2%?  I think not. Are small business owners?  I think not. Get off your socialist bullshit ideology.
An American oligarchy is what they want
The hell it does.  Twisting numbers bernie
It is hard earned money that was already taxed. Dems never can get enough of other people's money
When are you going to sell 2 of your 3 houses to help the people? You have paid a lower tax rate than Trump for last 20 years. Crook!!
These people have already been taxed on this money. Why should they be double taxed?
This is so wonderfully said. Thank you
Case in point: Alabama! Solid red state, poor as fuck since slavery was abolished.
BS doesn’t believe hard earned money that taxes were already paid on should ever be passed down to their children. Liberals=You die we win
Why do you hate farmers Bern? This effects almost all farmers. They have to pay for their family farm generation after generation for taxes
Ain't it funny when Johnny Overalls gets pissy about the "death tax", yet he'd have to work and save for 500 years for it to MAYBE help him.
not at all - we dont all live in envy of those who have more than us - we actually respect other people's property.
Why should heirs be taxed on revenue that had already been taxed? Property transfers are different but shouldn't be taxed until sold.
The very wealthy most likely have their estates managed to minimize or eliminate estate tax. It's the mom&pops and family farms that suffer.
Your time is over. You should think about getting your things in order rather than wasting your breath for the rest of your days.
Would you like to speak to the bottom 99ers who are affected by this?
Still illegal.
It shouldn't affect anyone. That money was already taxed once.
You want family farms. That’s what you’re deflecting, break the middle class by stealing their land. 
Socialism is theft.
Are you joking?
We left England and started our own country because of the lack of a 'death tax' in Europe. It's called aristocracy and it's UN-AMERICAN.
bollocks. 
'YOU' didn't start this country at all. 
Its UN-AMERICAN to use gov force to steal!
Not these day a farmer can be living in poverty and can't pass on farm to his children because of inheritance taxes.
Exactly.
Jackass
The govt didn't earn a damn thing yet you want them to get a piece.
Ppl do pay taxes.  Why should they be taxed again after they are dead?
They earned the money. Not the govt.  They deserve to give to the kids they raised and loved the fruits of labor.
They were taxed on it while they earned it  when alive.
Cruz = fake news
BankruptBernie: TOTAL BS! AFFECTS ALL FAMILY OWNED BUSINESSES WHICH IS HUGE PERCENTAGE OF COMPANIES IN THE U.S.
BTW, you and your Wife bankrupted Burlington College!! WTF do you know about business?

Excuse me Obama started that. Learn what you talk about
Literally no. The estate tax predates Obama
Bullsh*t

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
BERNIE FRIENDS WOULD SAY THAT..THEY DONT OWN A BUSINESS AND THEY ARE NOT POOR..SO THEY DONT GET SHT
just call it the Dead Rich People Tax
Uhh, how does that refute the fact that the estate tax is in fact a tax on death?
How does this refute the fact that your use of the word "fact" is patently wrong, chief? #MAGA #deathtax
