Hey Bernie, stop spending my money on freeloaders and bloated social programs.
Yeah, no. Please wait 20 years until you are a reasonable adult and have real world sensibilities. Till then, don't comment.
Just saying. With age comes perspective. Those in Boone or UNC Asheville, just haven't figured it out yet
Tell them Bernie!!
If trumpettes don't get it by now they will never get it! A billionaire in a golden apartment does not care about you !!
Neither does a man who spent 600k on his third home
3 houses is nothing against Trump's hotels,golf resorts and his own houses.
Hotels and golf resorts are businesses that made trump the money he paid for the houses he owns.  What businesses does @BernieSanders own?
What about all of his private properties, worth far more than B's?& B owns 2 homes, not 3, according to his Senate finance disclosure form,
Thank you for the correction on b's total homes, but... trump payed for those homes with the money he made from his hotels & resorts
Yes and Bernie paid with money from his job too so what's your point?DT is a billionaire and has been wealthy from birth.he knows nothing
You wanted us to continue in poverty to socialism although you don't live like a socialist with your multiple homes and hush money from HRC
3 homes does not a socialist make. They are being investigated(Jane) Many of us felt screwed over by Sanders lack of backbone. There is HRC$
Sanders is a joke. He owns 3 homes! the masses in poverty while he vacations at the Vineyard! He lives the dream, but doesn't want it4us.
You are a hater!
Trump will MAGA
Bot.
Here's your budget in a nutshell......just add it all up....

and behold......the lie of your Israeli #COVFEFE Distribution Center...
Thank you for being the voice of real America, Mazel Tov
Thank you for watching out for Mid C and the poor.
>immoral

MY FEEWINGS
Uh.... how much I wish you could be Americas President .... 
Right 
We coulda had a Big Bern instead of a bigly burn.
He and his wife couldn't govern from prison. #BankFraudBernie

Sir, you are a national treasure.
Bernie.. I'm not a US citizen.. but I think the world needs a man like you.. A true politician that fight for the poor.  Thanks so much
If liberals actually tried to balance the budget over the last 8 years, there wouldn't be so much to lose But you failed to do your jobs.
Lol, that didn't age well. #BankFraudBernie
You know  everything and understand everything please keep doing  what YOUR doing. Mr real president Sanders we will help. GOD BLESS  YOU!!
excellent message and interpretation of the facts.
and you are the left wing socialist trying to implement Soro's agenda I will take Koch brothers over Soro's you piece of dog crap
actually he considers himself as a messianic figure, whatever he is, Sanders is a socialist
You are the immoral one with your socialism!
pay your taxes Bernie - why are not tweeting about the #DNCFraudLawsuit oh ya u got on all 4s for HRC instead of caring for the country
Trump does not care about working and middle class Americans
Idiot
Nice comeback. But what has he done so far for you? He's looking out for his family and fuck the rest
Aw no!! You blocked me when I was looking forward to our debate!
You are a communist, you have no idea what you are talking about
Nice gaming rig

Justice for Seth Rich .This is the petition link if you haven't signed yet please retweet https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/868619692067479552 …
This "3 house" argument is terribly juvenile, he's 75 years old. Of course he's bought more than one house in that time.
Bernie, you're an idiot and a communist. You really need to shut up, you're making yourself look bad.
Bernie uses rhetoric straight from the Communist Manifesto. His policies don't even remotely look like moderate socialism
LOL ok dude
Sell some of your personal wealth give to the poor.
Please RETIRE!!!!! SENILE
Liar.
When will something be done???
Man, we made a mistake not electing this guy to office. He would've done so much good by now. At this point, we're in reverse.
Trump vs. dems agenda not so b&w. Tax cuts are for businesses, but there is a moral hazard that some shouldn't get it-but figures exagerated
Bernie can't wrap his head around such a simple concept.
The Irony is, taxing the high brackets the most for individuals and businesses is the biggest reason why we don't have manufacturing here.
God bless and strengthen you sir. May you live long in good health. I love you so very much I cannot help but cry. 
Mr Sanders I appreciate your passion for America, unfortunately Trump desires a war, so his budget makes sense to  him and his abject tastes
HALIlUJAH
If you tax people into leaving does it make the country stronger? When have we balanced our budget? Through government give aways? No way
Please try again in 2020.
ALL THE LIES MADE UP BS TERM LIMITS FOR SENATORS FLAT TAXES
Republicans don't give 2 shits what happens to the middle or low income people.
Bernie Sanders 2020
Preach it, Bernie!
important statement•hope all regardless of party officiating listen
Senator Sanders educates & informs.
#Democrats #Republican #Libertarian
Let's get to work all that are not billionaires!
Thank you and bless you for continuing to work for us, Bernie.

Makes sense
You are so damn right I don't know what to say really! I can say this though, Sweden and so many other nations stands behind you, 100%! <3
Thank you SenSanders for fighting for the least of these!
Thank you for speaking the truth Senator Sanders
Since Congress no longer pass budgets, there really is no need to wax poetic on anything it contains. Someday..
The fact that anyone would need food stamps is bad govt. #Shameonyou legislators.
Absolutely right Bernie! They need to be stopped.
We love you Bernie, I don't know what we would do without you!!!  Your our voice and we thank you for speaking out for the working people!!!
Talk about immoral! You need to get a king size bed.  Kind of crowded for the Koch brothers!
What can I do? I am home bound now Bernie, but I can still Retweet, tell contacts about it, blog about it. How can we EDUCATE people tho?
You keep saying the same thing over and over!
Trump is a VERY COLD excuse for a human
how's the third house on Lake Champlain coming along peoples man?
Hey Bernie you lost election its the rights turn to lead ,why aren't you complaining about how Hillary&DNC made a fool of you
Please put it where it belongs-in the trash
Socialism is what is really immoral and pathetic...hence your entire platform is immoral and pathetic
And @BernieSanders & @HillaryClinton hillside already taken major steps to enact @georgesoros socialist racist agenda
So we should take money advice from the guy who thinks socialism actually works?
We could have had a president for the people instead we have Trump who is going to make all his billionaire buddies  richer
Ur right Mr Sanders ty
We are already a slave state.  We already subsidized the rich who pay slave wages so they can make $ billions!!!
We love and respect you @SenSanders Give em hell, Bernie
Make sure that no Trump supporting member of Congress that is up for re-election in 2018 wins!!!
Bernie- Thank you for being the person who never stops working for us.
And Montana Gianforte is funded by the Koch brothers! #VoteForQuist he will stand up for Montana values! #VoteForQuist #resist #trumpbudget
Respectfully disagree with you. You're a socialist and hate America
INDEED: Kochs 1980 agenda as ran for VP exactly what GOP are doing now in 2017=after decades oligarch$ influ reps local,state,Nat'l gov't
For Bernie, everything is R-wing.  Keep that in mind.
In other words, it's a good budget.
I have more respect for you with your choice in your monitor Bernie. #ultrawidemasterrace!!!!!
I am literally grieving over this.I'm one of those who will die because of this.These men have more than they deserve and are despicable.
You really should have been President. You're a good man, Senator.
Human beings, especially the most vulnerable, just don't matter to them.They want us dead & out of their way so they can own more.
You can not fly with only a left wing or only a right wing.  Time to stop the baby game of Resistance and start working together for America
Why is this happening in this country?! Shameful!
Not much different from the Democrat's Right Wing Agenda
Is Harry Reid "channeling" you? Few know who the Koch brothers are. Major employer. Generous philanthropist! Some liberal causes!
#ultrawide #pcmasterrace
God help those who screw over the working class poor and low income people. Eventually people will wake up and revolt.Until then...
Without the government would people that aren't rich have anything?
So grateful we have someone of Bernie Sanders character showing us the way and inspiring us to be more active citizens. Unite! Fight!
And millions of those who are hit by this budget, voted for Trump!
Better the Koch Brothers than Marxist losers, Senator. #FeelTheBern? (How many houses are too many, Bern?) #TCOT #TEAParty #UniteBlue
Think, the Russians have taught communism to our colleges and schools, they are influencing mainstream media who are all democrats.
Absolutely disgraceful! What is happening to liberal democratic societies?
new talking points please.... your's are so tired..... yawn
Bernie 2020
I hope all the Trump voters are happy now  
...and it isn't in favor of the average American; wake up people - your -isms are clouding your judgement
we should aggressively go after these people the way they come after us working class people.
@GillCorporation here.
#FeelTheBern I wish my two senators together equaled half of Bernie
If I didn't know better I might think Bernie is a Canadian politician, he actually makes sense.
At least he submitted a budget, stop complaining!. Why aren't you fighting for the nomination that was stolen from U? Bought or threatened?
#FeeltheBern "populist" movement was just a front for George Soros sponsored TPP global corporate interests  undermining legit US election
I'm officially a convert to @SenSanders. I think #Democrats gotta apologize 4 giving the world #Trump. Notwithstanding Hillary's great work
Wow Bernie how many houses do you have now & what do you drive you are the biggest hypocrite in the Senate... sad 
to many politicians libertarian = freedom = right wing
@_fildzahz @the_edgyveggie
Ughgh. Sanders is not any better. Just another wank-puppet for the bourgeois elite
Bet he plays mad games with that monitor.
Did we not vote for a right wing agenda????
To be fair, anything you propose is immoral. Stealing is in the 10 commandments.
Mobs torches and pitchforks are coming instead do a Woodstock and surround the capital and stay till we get what we want
You lose credibility each time you post lies like this.
Bernie go to your home on Lake Champlain and retire. Such ludicrous statements you make. Meals on wheels is not cut. Research!
Plain and Simple SHUT UP! We don't want to hear from u Mr Trader! A man who did nothing for 40 yrs! U want to giv our Country away! MAGA
Argentina is looking for a politican..
Hi Bernie! Will you sell 1of your 3 million dollar homes to pay for my healthcare?
Wait don't they contribute to your campaign
Haha yeah middle class is declining not because of trump because of themselves ... I am one and constantly keep bettering my life ..
How can u lie like that. Your suppose to care for people not lie to them.
.@NPR had a Koch spokesman on three times so far this morning to support this budget, saying that helping people just makes them dependent
Lies are why Democrats lose. Vote out Democrat liars. @chuckschumer @BilldeBlasio @NancyPelosi

#TrumpBudget #Budget2018 #BudgetVote2017
I hope youre running again
Bernie Sanders looks like he could sure use a good nutritious meal what have you people been doing to him?
hey go spend time in your 650k summer home ..
You are the True leader of this nation!
Maybe you should stop making things up sir. You're scare tactics are horrible
What about your socalist George Soros agenda? Ask Venuzala how that's working? Stop the fear mongering.
FACT - Only DNC and Hillary Clinton influence the the Presidential outcome !!  Bernie Sanders knows this first hand.
THANK YOU! 
And don't forget the Mercers' agenda.
Coming from a man whose wife is under FBI investigation and owns 3 homes and also is worth over 2 million

Single-payer advocates interrupt @Mayor_Steinberg speech at @CA_Dem convention and John Burton steps in 
Pls stop ur Democratic rhetoric! It's getting old and u know btr.
Koch brothers', Mercer's, DeVos' Etc, etc, etc......We no longer seem to be a democracy, we are fast becoming a plutocracy.
The Immoral and pathetic? Is it because now all the states will have to be fiscally responsible? Or is it because Hilary lost? She hates U
Thank you Bernie!
Bernie has been taking from the public for years and delivering socialism.  We know what's in his wallet...what's in your?
Bernie, I fully agree with you. Can you ask fellow progressives to CALL their Senators and Representatives? Town halls and PHONE calls!!
Bernie would have all hard working citizens give their money to the state for redistribution because he thinks he is smarter than you.
Dems were asleep at the wheel when Kochs started. The 2010 census redistricting was bought and paid for. Results are just showing up now.
While we set about evicting Russia from our politics, we need to remove the Koch brothers and their like as well!
And you'd rather have a bloated budget that gave more power to big government and push your buddy George Soros' globalist agenda?
heavy breathing histrionics are tad over the top; its just an opener, no one thinks it would ever pass as is
You're running for Democratic nomination in 2020 right....?
June 3rd MARCH FOR TRUTH LET GET 20 MILLION ANTI TRUMP ANTI TRUMP CARE AND SHOW YOUR TAXES AND TAKE CARE OF THE WHOLE COUNTRY NOT JUST 1% !
The Kochs want this nation to be a Company Town where them & other corporations are Aristocrats and Monarchs in all but name. We must stand
Like ur 175000$ sports car an lakefront home bought with hush money?
And you call conservatives "conspiracy theorists"? Koch brothers...really? Stop pretending tax cuts only benefit your political opponents.
And your buddy Soro's is not any better!
I rlly hope ppl listen 2you &take action!This bill is a slap in the face 2the American ppl. If it passes so many ppl will suffer & die.
The Koch brothers are why America is the 2nd sickest country in the world. How many medications your family take?
It's all quite tragic honored Senator!...  By the time America comes to her moral senses, so many will have died of poverty and exposure
Sorry Sir but you are pathetic and you sold you're soul to the Devil and her name was Clinton
Thank you Bernie. I wish there were 1000 of you in our government.
Amazing how u Dems lie using these bullshit scare tactics. Ur sheep need 2 wake up & learn how 2 read vs listening 2 shitheads like u/dems
How many thousands of tax payer dollars went to that giant monitor and how many teachers would benefit from something like that. Coward.
Wow, you're such a fraud- there is nothing immoral about his budget- what IS immoral is you creating a permanent underclass you fraud.
And Donald is the devil and a disaster
Bernie you also are guilty because divided our party. You also are responsible of USA situation
Please keep fighting for us. The @GOP feeds on a misinformed public, let's not let them push our country further down the path of #oligarchy
Its time for the richest of the rich to give back some for the rest of us that made their exceptional lives so good. I never got greed?
Thank u Only person in congress who is making sense & speaking up
YOU ARE RUNNING IN. 2020 or NOT ???
thats why the godfather of the us loves russia
how much money Hillary pay u to throw election?..humm..3 mansions
u lie much?..they need u in Cuba and Venezuela for communist resurrection u left wing loon!
IN THE NAME OF ALLAH,THE MOST GRACIOUS,THE MOST MERCIFUL
THE MESSAGE OF ISLAM
THE MUSLIMS BOOK HOLY QURAN
PEACE BE UPON YOU
WHOLE WORLD`S
