Trumpcare is another tax cut for the rich, we want Obamacare.
We want single payer universal healthcare 
#ObamaCare
is 
#ForProfit
#HealthInsurance
it is not healthcare
#MedicareForAll
When we have spent our whole lives paying for our future medicare. Pay your way like we seniors did while you weren't even a twinkle.
Why do you think those benefiting from single payer will not be paying their way ?
Because most don't even under Ocare
You have
I have and others have but it's reached the point I'm dropping insurance and starting a health savings account.
hope you are very healthy or can save at leat 16 thousand a year . 50 grand in the bank: a broken leg requiring traction . zero balance
Somebody is uniformed of the facts.
That's the least of your problems
You're
If only there were a way to proof read tweets before sending them.
@GodsWordIsFree @LarryWoolfolk @CParks777 Yep this is me @MinnieBellW <same>@Willis_Hubbard_  ... We hear you and understand Senator Sanders
part 2)Also what is abt what other countries are able to do when it comes to a "SOCIALIST HEALTHCARE SYSTEM" compared to what the GOP wants?
part 3)The U.S. government entitles spend more per-capita on healthcare than all but 2 other countries in the World today. Will TRUMP follow
part 4)SWITZERLAND & SINGAPORE, who have achieved universal health insurance while spending a fraction of what the U.S. spends. Two advanced
part 5)economics with the most economically free health systems. How will TRUMP make America's Healthcare great? We known Pres. @BarackObama
part 6) fought "HARD" to get America's Health Care this far. So will TRUMP make it better/improve it...or just repeal & make it "WORST" ?
part 7) Here are some of the countries that put their peoples 1st when it comes to Healthcare...Hong Kong/New Zealand/Australia/CANADA/Chile
part 8) Estoria/Ireland/Mauritius/DENMARK/Belaria/Austria/Croatia/CZECH/Republic/Finland/GERMANY/Greece/Iceland/FRANCE/Luxembourg/RUSSIA
You sure are pretty !!!!!
You're not too bad yourself Don Huber. Do you have instagram or facebook where i can get a better look at that handsome face? 
Facebook !!!!!
Hmmmm i couldn't find you. I do like talking 2 ppl on skype tho
Did you find me ????
No ur gonna have to send a link
Go to Facebook and sign in search for. Donald A Huber  Auburn NY 13021   !!!!!!
Sorry, that doesn't show anything...ur gonna have to send a link
Bernie Give It Up you had your chance. U let the DNC walk all over you now you're joining them, have a failed Healthcare & violent followers
4 mansions
and a wife under FBI investigation for bank fraud... unacceptable and hypocritical
Something like the democrats did while passing Obama care

The Blue counties/states would happily secede from the red at this point and let you all fund yourselves.
Mr Sanders what is unacceptable is your privileged insurance package. Why don't you publish a comparison of Pols vs People health insurance
Usual rightist attitude,same prevailing with Indian parliament
Please help us..my family will certainly perish under this new bill.
:(
Isn't that what the Democrats did? "We have to vote for it to see what's in it"
No it's not what the democracy's did. Good lord.
How is it any different?
How in heaven's name do you keep Monsanto in the FDA and pretend that at any level you care about the health of Americans?
Just like Obamacare's Pelosi 'We have to pass this bill so we can see what's in it'
You have to vote for it, to know whats in it.  Duh
So what can we do? 
If there's nothing we can do, is there any surprise a man resorted to attempted murder of those Republicans?
Exactly.
best guess:kill thousands of Americans per year,higher costs for most, kick 20+ million out,defund PP, & give $100s of millions to the rich
It's a flaming pile but I'm not forgetting "we have to pass it to know what's in it" so try harder

...guess they should have had a few more. I'm guessing you're for the universal healthcare bill in CA.
that’s a ridiculous argument. You’re saying a process that you think should have had more hearings is worse than a process with none? What?
Nope more hearings and less insurance company input. I still can't go get a quote for procedure like any other service.
sorry, what are you saying nope to? The AHCA remains a complete and total secret to everyone but the R’s. That’s a fact.
So why are all the dems saying it's so bad?
Russia BANNED GMOs and RoundUP Ready Crops, bet that's really why Corporate Democrats are mad at Russia.
The pack does not understand why you don't advocate a bill to eliminate the Congress special health care plan. Show you care.
Shut up Bernie. Rush......What a joke
Oh...like the Dems did when they shoved Obamacare down our throats with a plunger
So you are unaware of the many many hearings, debate and concessions made to republicans that made it more costly to patients?
How about Pelosi said, "we gotta pass it to know what's in it." While Republicans screamed "No" and we're ignored
so you think Pelosi was wrong to suggest that?
Are you freaking kidding me?
lol, if Pelosi was wrong (she was) then repeating the same tactic is also wrong.
We can agree on that
It is acceptable but how about Ms Pelosi's comment about O'Care - we have to pass it so we know what's in it?
Cant be as bad as Obama care
Please do what you can to get a Million Man-Woman March on Washington to make the case for Health Care ASAP.  Words alone will NOT do it.
Yes it does. But costs keep rising, as does your premium or that of the company that pays you. THIS MUST STOP & another system put in place.
No I do not. But even Capitalism, and especially the Free Market type, can reach an end point, and it's very possible we're arriving there.
You're a lucky one.  Stay healthy.
More needs to be said abt this!!!! TV commercials so more American's know this is happening. It's not known to most at this time...
If it's so bad then vote against it or vote out your representatives....your opinions are not supported by facts !
Vote against what? How am I supposed to tell my representative how to vote when I don't know what's in it? #facts
Then how do you know it's bad  !
How do you know it's good?
I don't but We trusted Obama's and Pelosi also "have to pass it before we know what's in it". We should give Trump the same courtesy.
Exactly....besides how will some even get O'Care coverage?  It's unavailable and unaffordable now!
REALLY!!! Go talk to Nancy Polosi
You mean EXACTLY AS THE DEMOCRATS DID in 2010?
Your right uncle bernie, unacceptable. Thats what you would do....oops YOU DID!
Russian GOP stinking thinking values
Totally unacceptable
Isn't that the same way Obama care was passed....“But we have to pass the [health care] bill so that you can find out what’s in it....”
@danrolle Did your wife pay back the $10 million from her bank fraud that @NECN  didn't cover
This is scandalous and cowardly!
Obamacare was rushed and no got to read or debate it. It sucks. Millions left out while their pay is taxed for too generous states. Theft.
Oh... isn't that exactly what Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats did when they passed that disaster known as Obamacare! You sir are a Hypocrite!
This reflects a level of evil & ill will toward the poor, elderly, disabled, veterans that they absolutely know we'll all be outraged! BAD!!
If I recall Mr. B, Nancy told all of us we just needed to pass Obama care and THEN we would know what it contained . Does that ring a bell?
Not true, but now that you mention it, isn't that what Nancy Pelosi and the dems did with Obamacare?
Your insane if you think people work hard & going to go without to support someone's health insurance want me to feed them  & F them to
Please do something soon! Insurers already jacking up prices. I found out 2day had to pay but I already met deductble. My pharmacy confirmed
Kinda the way the dems pushed Obamacare through...oh wait, exactly the way it happened. Pot meet kettle.
Sounds a lot like what the Democrats did with Obamacare....hypocrite!
Just like the left did with obamacare
Bernie please, go away...haven't you done enough damage...let Democrats fight this fight without your help
I thought we were going to try and act more civilized. This has a tone of disdain.
What's the democratic plan? Keep Obama care?
Tell ya what rich boy, lets pass it then see whats in it
Funny how the shoe is on the other foot and all the democrates have become nothing but obstructionist.  You'll lose again if u don't change
How easy it is to forget when the ACA took place and the work that went into it.
Isn't that what the democrats did with Obamacare at the midnight hour? Americans are getting screwed by both parties!
Just like you and rest of socialist democrats did: "you have to read the bill to see what's in it." Difference is, Obasturd's blatant lies!
Well, when you screwing da pooch, u don't want everyone to know til da screwing is done!
Old White Men - If this is how you show love for women and country then love need be redefined.
Sorry Kids. Bombing other kids is way more important than your Healthcare and College. Plus, Uncle Sam needs soldiers, not college graduates
Enslavement to private health insurance companies and big pharm is NOT health care.
Sort of like "we need to pass the bill so you can see what's in it"? Bernie, you OOOOZE hypocrisy. Don't you have some Marx to read?
Specifically that wasn't him, who said that. Also, while Bernie voted for the ACA, it's important to note he didn't think it was enough.
Of course it wasn't him but he sure didn't have any problems with it then. 

The Commie doth protest too much.
He absolutely did and has always said that he wanted Obama to push for single payer.
But was okay with his party ramming through ACA, which has tripled out of pocket expenses for working-class people. He's a huckster.
"Ramming through" do you know how many hearings and discussions the ACA had? Please. Don't compare this to that.
#13menhiding hiding what # unacceptable
You didn't help.
Bernie.   Stop.
"We have to pass the bill in order to see what is on it." - Nancy Pelosi (Obamacare) #Berniethehypocrite
Didn't the dems say we must pass the affordable care act to find out what is in it? I find that jusy pure ignorant. Let alone unacceptable.
Oh that sounds like Obama care.
I voted for Trump god bless him Im going to vote for him in 2020
GOP need to be subjected to what they're forcing on the nation n we stop giving them n family ins for life. Paying enough them doing nothing
Wahhhh! More sour grapes.
Please help us, Senator Sanders. You're our only hope. #$2800insulinmonthly #type1diabetes
@lisamurkowski @repdonyoung @AKSenateDems @AKCoalition @AKIndDems @AKSenMajority @AKHouseRepubs Americans over party vote no on evil Use 
Senator, that is the same method used to sneak illegal ex post facto drug laws into law. Millions of law abiders are now criminals.
How do you know it's a disaster if you haven't read it. You are a politician sad
Oh... you mean we have to pass it to see what's in it? Yeah. Only Republicans would do such a thing.
Don't remember "We need to pass it so we can know what's in it"? hypocrite!!
The must have learned from the best Bernie.  On the upside for you, if they screw it up, they will pay for it.
Funny, thats how obamacare was rolled out.  "We have to pass the bill to see what's in it"  Spealer Pelosi
This GOP strategy is derived from American Legislative Exchange Council & ALEC is as undemocratic as Citizens United.
This country is so screwed.
That's EXACTLY what you Dems did with the ACA. Now we're all forced to pay exorbitant premium increases.  I don't get a "subsidiary"
The same way the Dems did? Remember-we had to pass the bill to know what was in it?Why am I paying for everyone else but I can't go t a Dr?
#showusthebill Call your Senators today! #cfadvocacy https://www.cff.org/Get-Involved/Advocate/Current-Advocacy-Actions/Tell-Congress-to-Oppose-the-American-Health-Care-Act/ …
For something that affects over 23 M ppl; this should not ever be allowed! The representatives have an obligation to the ppl they represent
Maybe stop obstruction and be a team player then they wouldn't have to go off and be secret you were silent when they Obama admitted this
You want a Single Payer system. Unacceptable. Go to Venuzala, Canada (they come here for serious med conditions) or Cuba.  They have it.
You are so concerned about the health care bill being constructed by the 10 republicans. Why? You are not going to vote for it anyway.
remember the ACA? the bill that Nancy Pelosi said "you have to pass it to see what's in it" ?? #democraticselectivememorysyndrome
Senator, this sounds vaguely similar to "vote on it to find out what's in it"  which if I remember correctly, you voted for.
If you want 2 turn voters, talk 2 miners, building trades,who have suffered from their work. Moms w/sick babies, dads who lost kid 2 illness
Help
Bernie who?
The insurers will love it, though
kinda like the Democrats did with #Obamacare? #DemocratsLiesMatter #MrThirteenAndAHalfPercent
You can read it after it gets passed @SenSanders .....sound familiar? How about elections have consequences ? Ring a bell?  Grow up
I agree. They should just appeal the ACA and walk away. It's foolish to think they will ever win a single new voter by being socialist lite.
Obama passed 35 executive orders for OBAMA CARE! That is how BAD it was! This has all been a scheme to push SINGLE PAYER!
SURE Bernie YOU won't have SINGLE PAYER! You will be EXCLUDED! NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR YOU RIGHT?
Amazingly Dems kp pretending Obamacare is viable despite reality. If you have no insurers - you don't have a health care insurance program
Bernie closes his eyes to the disasater he & his colleagues created & apprvd.
https://energycommerce.house.gov/healthcarecentral/co-op-catastrophe-total-losses-near-19-billionen …
Sounds like yr talking abt Obamacare.
You're right about it!
Both corrupt parties work hard at coming up with ways to make the healthcare insurance industry richer. Please stop.
This is nothing new.  It happens all the time. Question is what to do a; out it.
A good start & what we have in our power to do right now is stop supporting what oppresses us.
Thank you bern for info
Expose what the deal is! Do not let yrumpi admin behave secretly as obama did! Tell him america us challenging them to show us it! Today
Much like obamas secrecy on back door pharma deal that made me sick AND TPP!  BERNIE, TELL TRUMPI AND S REPUBLICANS THERE IS NO MORE SECRECY
Gotta love all the uniformed parrots quoting "pass it so we can see it" out of context. ACA was public for weeks at that point.
Thank you @SenSanders & @SenWarren for standing up for all #citizens across our country, even those beyond your states' borders.
I'm sick that they're trying this. Please stop it. It will effect me and I need my healthcare.
Did you rush Obamacare?
What's democratic can do it keep good health care for us.
The Dems did the same thing with Obama care. When both sides do the same thing then there is collusion between the Dems & Rep. @SenSanders
You mean the same thing the dems did with their horrible bill.
The dems are burying themselves.   Can you say. SUPERMINORITY!
Bad as yours. I doubt it!!!!!
This is correct. You should reach across the aisle to people like Rand Paul who is also ticked about this and work together to force it open
Well..you have to pass it in order to know what's in it...#nancypelosi
Problem..theyll get away with it,we die
The architects of the ACA were not even members of congress. Zeke Emanuel and Grubber not members of twitter either
Stunning hypocrisy from a guy who wanted to be the Democratic Nominee.
So Bernie The Blowhard..DO tell us HOW MANY DEMS did.. what you NOW say Republicans are doing..WHEN OBAMACARE was passed?? YOU simply LIE!
So you have read it cover to cover! Please post entire bill here please so we can all read it.
Trump doesn't work well with others with different point of view obviously. Not going to pass this way
At least Obama held a hearing to hear opposing arguments and open for amendments. Not getting same from Trump.
your radical message to your followers is what is unacceptable. take responsibility and tone it down. @GOP plan can't be worse than O'care
is the dnc going to return the donations to your supporters? They made sure you weren't a candidate.
Packs need you to take the lead getting Congress to end perks including own healthcate plan Then would care more about the rest of us.
It HAS to be reviewed!  We live in America, not N. Korea!
Push them back Bernie.  Let's make sure that nothing gets done in trumps world
I would like my reps to vote on a health bill that they would support for themselves and their families. My feeling is they're snickering!
Isn't that what the Dems did? "We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it..." Sound familiar? Get govt out all together
Better than Socialism! !!
Shut up Bernie
Please say no to things that hurt people.
Like democrats did... "Have to pass it to see what's in it"
Why don't you add 40k amendments and tie up the healthcare bill until 2018 then?
OH yeah!  Wasn't it the DEMOCRATS that passed Obamacare without one single Rep. vote at midnight Christmas?  And DID NOT READ THE BILL?
Shut up old man!
Didn't the Dems tell the Senate that they had to vote on ObamaCare in order to see what's in it? Always, always, always double standards.
@SenateMajLdr Mr McConnell the American people want to see the bill before it is voted on and have it scored.
And Sanders in bed with folks like McCain, Ryan, Romeny, Clinton and Bush
Democrat Estab Bernie Sanders has been voting 98 percent time with Corp Dem One Percent Global Elites. While stealing American Middle Class
American Class Warfare Divison Propagandist is delivered by those who in bed with Corporate Dem Estab
Sanders and his RINO Dems masquerading around as Republicans within GOP see American Middle Class folks as their personal piggy bank!
Duh Byron are you that misinformed?
"We have to pass it so we can see what's in it!"
Who the hell do they think they are, Democrats? You guys are the liars, sneaks and thieves. TPP HID IN THE WH Basement was ok? You dick.
Bernie you're so unacceptable go hide back under your rock!!
You got to be kidding, sounds like your confused, you got to be talking about Democrats!!
That's unbelievable they play with people life
I totally agree senator find a way to stop it
Please become POTUS
Funny, you're a fraud and hypocrite- pass it to see what's inside she said- she being obama harpie pelosi. You're nothing but a bad joke.
Go get them Senator, we thank you
A representative republic is supposed to represent individuals, not large corporate special interests.  #obsoletethegop
Amen Bernie!
you get what you bought
Like Obama care ?
U mean they gotta "pass the bill,to see what's in the bill", JUST LIKE the O-"care" Scam they PUSHED thru?
F-u #Bernie
Seriously.. F, U.
