Please show me a group of people who want to pay more taxes. I think EVERYONE wants their taxes cut.
It's not about who wants it. Is about who need it
45% of Americans pay no federal income tax. 80% of federal income tax is paid by people who make over 100k. Who needs a tax cut?
Wow! 45%That's a lot of people below the poverty line. I honestly didn't know that there are that many people struggling
It's much more than 45%. If you remove the 'middle class title', it goes up to 80%. Its us against the [greedy] rich.
They need another billion and Cruz just secured his cut !

Citizens United, ALEC and all PACs have to go.
No PACs, no money flow.
Make the District of Columbia a PAC Free Zone.
Bernie you Democrats never give tax cuts you champion your for the middle class I call bull on that you Dems are just for raising tax
Bernie is not a Democrat.
Let’s be honest here he Aline’s himself with the Democrats
He's too extreme to be a Democrat,  and he only fights for one political issue. We are better than him
K
Bernie is the only one who is consistent, MONEY NEEDS TO GET OUT OF POLITICS
When will he show his tax returns? Hiring and paying his wife as his campaign manager. A Socialist with three houses.
Please stop!
What's Bernie's total worth? trump? Clinton? Koch Bros? Soros? Cruz? Just curious.
It's hard to tell. Worth = assets - liabilities; this is our concern about Trump, we need to know his debt to determine his fit for office
I would call Ted Cruz a snake in the grass. The fact is : He is lower than a snakes belly in a wagon rut.
@IRdotnet -->> FYI AMERICA...PSA.. The Koch brothers are the RICH for RICH-> = middle class and poor have NO VOICE. Wake Up America!
Sadly, they'll probably get them.


Koch brothers want, while most Americans need...
They own the GOP.
These ones are the true Ferengi. Unrestrained greed.
Money whores pimping the most broken, who are trapped in a cycle of poverty without an obvious exit
How'd your meeting with @georgesoros go?  Asking for your friends in Venezuela and Cuba
Soros has been critiqued by leftists since the early 90s. but why can't we question the Koch brothers without resorting to "but Soros"?
Sorry, your party is the one of corrupt corporate money.
I'm not a dem though. I don't subscribe to political parties. I hate both parties lol. & when I say leftists I mean LEFTISTS.
Keep up the fight Bernie!!
Are you mad because you are not gonna taxes cut too much by this policy?We all know how little you pay taxes and how much of a Fraud you are
Haha! Bernie just nailed it!!!!!
The 3 Koch Brothers !!!
#KochWhores Will obey their pimps.
Money whores pimping the most broken, who are trapped in a cycle of poverty without an obvious exit!
They’re all about their bottom line and to hell with the 99%.
So these guys get a vote for every $ they contribute and we get none. That is corruption.
Money whores pimping the most broken, who are trapped in a cycle of poverty without an obvious exit
Willing to flirt with economic destruction and global war to save a few bucks. There's your new slogan, Sen. Cruz.
Why are you tweeting on stage?
Ted cruise is simply gross. On way too many levels. also hate that he claims to be Cuban. Fucking disgrace is what he is. Get em Bernie!
Bernie needs to show his own taxes before he gets anyone. Please don't aid and abet another old white conman pervert.
Oh god.. are you one of those 'all white men are devils' type of people? If so, I can't go on any further with you.
We need these tax cuts!
You will get a tiny tax cut in exchange for losing infrastructure, medicaid, medicare, HUGE deficits and a shrinking economy.
That’s a bigger spin than the $15/hr minimum wage!
Spin is the B.S. the #GOP is selling. http://nordic.businessinsider.com/the-16-countries-with-the-worlds-best-healthcare-systems-2017-1/ …
This list is bogus. #15 is a country that openly uses mass amounts of slave labor. #1 isn’t a country, it’s a sovereign city-state...
http://www.newsweek.com/united-states-health-care-rated-worst-637114 …  The US system is inefficient. We subsidize private planes for insurance executives.
I completely agree with that point. But a handful of private jets won’t make up the $ to scale up Luxembourg’s system to accommodate 330m
O-care changed the overhead Insurance companies COULD CHARGE from 30% (Where it was) to 20%. The first year, consumers got refunds.
Most of the billionaire donors are Democrats.
It appears that the stress of their penury, is causing them to sweat!  I would be willing to bet that reality is setting in. Tax cut
Dude, show your taxes before you say anything about KKKochBros. 
Mr. Socialist with three houses.
I like to think Donald is waving bye bye
Koch brothers provide good jobs healthcare for employee's and pay taxes. No Politican calls for campaign finance reform or ethic review.
Bernie!
I see no one here questioning the Koch brothers. odd no one would be questioning billionaires pretending to know how us poor folks live.
So many Muricans think the Kochs are bad yet they voted for a billionaire.
Religious and stupid. The rest of the world laughs at a once proud US public.
Translation: Comrade Bernie does not care about ALL Americans, especially not high achievers who are responsible for HUGE numbers of jobs.
Can I just say that this is the best RT and reference in the debate ever, Bernie? I read this and thought"somebody should see this article!"
They won't file/delete Trump until they get the breaks. For sure.
ĶĶKochSuckers at the GOP
Koch Bros has only debt & they had to downsize their Bullshit & only have low level celebrities included in their stock or @FEC bonds so LOL
Si y es porque ha ellos le importa mejorar lo que la gente gana?
Taxation is theft and extortion so who cares.
How big a check did @SenTedCruz get this time?
I am sure your wife would@like some tax cuts to help you pay back that embezzlement money before she goes to jail.
Pence is Koch brothers man pushing for tax cuts for his donor Millionaires 
Trump meets the swamp creatures. They have heard you cannot take it with you but they think this is the next best thing.
Pence is in their pockets too
What’s the problem with that ?
Hell, I want one too Bernie. Why don't you want me to keep more of my hard earn money.
The Kochs have contributed more to this country than you could ever dream of...
As well as VP Pence
Sucks for the Kochs that the people are no longer buying into their beloved trickle-down economic swindle.  So sad!
Fine...raise their taxes to even more unfair levels. They will react and jobs will likely be lost. Then the Dems can blame GOP for that too
Why do the koch brothers make decisions for us?
Because they are rich and the US general public   are idiots.
Any logical person won’t see the connection. Money doesn’t equal intellect
No but it equals power. And the average Murican voted them in.
$97B is not enough for the Kochs?
Bernie what tax cuts did Obama give the Middle class a big fat 0 just got him and buddies richer of the middle class
You don't give tax cuts when you have deficit this large, that is irresponsible. Reagan screwed America by cutting taxes and paying off debt
Over taxing will never fix the problem when you have crack Addicts running the show that are just spenders
That would be GOP, who has not paid down the debt since Nixon. The last President to pay down the debt was Clinton.
I’m thinking you can point out both parties
I want it also, for a single person first $12,000 no tax married couple first $24,000 no tax. Then 20% tax.  The rich there taxes won’t be much less than they pay now. With less deductions. Small business will only have to pay 20% tax. Tax return will be only one page.  Nice
https://mobile.nytimes.com/blogs/krugman/2017/08/20/the-political-failure-of-trickle-down-economics/?referer= … Ted, for Nation's sake, read legitimate,fact-based evaluation of FISCAL LIES U SPEW. Nation not all Morons like GOP.
That’s like saying “The KKK and NAMBLA wants these tax cuts.” Of course they do. Literally everyone wants a tax cut.
Id happily pay 2.2% more in taxes instead of my monstrous insurance premiums. But these tax cuts are for billionaires, not us. As always.
Obama ruined the insurance market. It’s cheaper for me to pay out of pocket now than to make a claim and my benefits are worse.
The insurance industry enjoys record high profits as premiums skyrocket. Corporate greed is responsible. #MedicareForAll is the solution.
My insurance premiums were very reasonable before Obama basically forced every company out of the market. Single payer was always the goal.
Insurance premiums rose during Bush as well. Yes ACA made it worse. And no, lol, corporate stooge Obama did not want single payer.
He says he didn’t, but I think this was the plan all along.
Obamacare nearly doubled insurance industry profits. He was their big-time buddy. The same industry is a major donor to Democrats.
Oppressors vs the Oppressed! Well done, comrade! Straight from Saul Alinsky's Rules for Radicals'! #RESIST
What the progressives don't seem to understand is ultra rich people like the Koch brothers can put their money in any country in the world they want.  That's why raising taxes on the top 1% doesn't work.
Of course they do.  Because Koch.
How does a Socialist become a millionaire with more houses than he can use?
They need the rest of the $ from the country’s poor/middle class very badly.
How much money is enough?

Sounds better than millionaires like BERNIE who like CLINTON use the government as a vehicle to become millionaires FOUNDATIONS  hah
Saw pictures with you and George Soros. How is good old George.
Said the SOCIALlST millionaire.
Bernie, if Socialism works so well, why isn't everyone fleeing to Venezuela?
Ahhh the old Venezuela comment. Why not bring up Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland? I guess they don't fit your narrative.
@realDonaldTrump Finally someone said the truth about the tax bill.  Cuts for the rich. Do we let the elite continue to drive Federal law?
No kidding, this is why Family Values & honoring veterans don't matter to the (R) Party.Just give em tax cuts & who know who they'll praise
Of course he did. He wants part of the Trump love. Sorry Lying Ted... Trumpet's heart is with himself.
Legalized bribery must be eradicated. Billionaires buy politicians who do what they want not what we want. Makes country worse not better.
Disgusting gluttons with zero compassion or empathy. Sociopaths with money who have no gratitude for the country that them everything.
Please do not betray our country. Poisoned food, water,air and Pharmaceuticals are already more then we can take.God Bless America?
Of course , only the elite get the President's undivided attention.
Corporations base wage raises on employee performance in non-union shops and off collective bargaining in union shops #Resist #TaxReform
Of course they do but people are more aware now.  They'd better stay out of it. The tax bill is a bad one.
Texas - Vote Out Cruz November 2018!
Amazing. Is 90 billion not enough? JFC.
You don't get a raise because your employer gets a tax windfall - THAT'S NOT HOW IT WORKS #Resist #TaxReform
Yes poor things are down to their last 20 billion or so each.
Brilliant how you can stand there so composed listening to him @SenSanders Keep up the good fight!
What fucking fight?
Show his own damn taxes.
He's not a Dem. He's for him.
Please don't encourage this so-called Socialist w/ three houses.
People in hell want ice water. The Kochs will someday be among them.
Listening to Ted Cruz spew bullshit on CNN on Estate Tax.
can I get a ufo and one of those Ray g°°s
Two words: STAYER. BROTHER. Koch brothers are pennies compared to them. You’re a damn hypocrite.
Let's disappoint them.
You mean the Getty's, Hearst, Ellisons, Kennedy's do you not?
Why do billionaires want anything badly?
Yea it's called growth something DEMOCRATS know nothing about
 @Marketplace
The Koch Brothers are the devils you know. The question is what devils are behind this that we don't know.
Mercer family, Walton family.
Oh, let's not forget the Mars family, Cargill-MacMillan family, Cox Family, and the ever popular Rothschild family in Germany! House of Saud
Yep and so do i!!! I'm tired of seeing my hard earned money being taken away against my will! I have no say so even to where it goes!!!!!!!!
Hey Bernie, you forgot to mention that Millions of working Americans wants this Tax Cut too.. I mean tens of Millions Americans.
Cruz blindly supports a man who belittled him, accused his dad of murder and called his wife ugly, ie Trump. Cruz is an asshole.
Because everyone wants to pay higher taxes, Bernie you're such an antagonist. How's that bank fraud thing going?
Let’s specifically and in a very targeted way DENY the Koch brothers “their” tax cut. In fact let’s flip the house and take all their $$$.
Bravo, Comrade! #Anarchy #RESIST
Don’t buy Koch products people.
Oh Bernie, when you retire you will be a part of the 1%. Hmmm...

but it's all about helping the middle class, right?
Weird I'm pretty sure they aren't his constituents
Counter argument is here http://necsi.edu/research/economics/econuniversal …
"Increased economic activity requires both investment and purchase power to pay for the things the investment will produce." Brilliant.
The beauty is that these clowns aren't fooling anyone and even with a majority, i'ts going to be a tough uphill battle.
We will raise taxes, Comrade, but only for white males! #ResistMasculinity #WhiteIsNotRight
And how much are the Koch Bros donating to Ted’s campaign fund???
Bernie& Soros
Trickle down, rebadged, different name, is still "trickle down" and it doesn't work.  EOD.
Let's be honest, the Koch brothers are the real presidents of the United States. Money talks. Make the rich richer...
Bernie is absolutely annihilating Cruz in this debate because Bernie speaks from the heart, with experience & common sense. Go Bernie!!
Everybody makes Bernie look like an idiot
@BottomFeederMus 
Oh i know, the Koch brothers and now add the Mercers are the HUGE money on the right.
JUST Why do they want this?   GREED!
He was getting his marching orders for tonight.
Man of jesus
People want to keep their own money, how awful!
