Thank you Sen Bernie Sanders I know Cassidy throws out the stupid socialist comment so he can distract voters from what you’re really saying
Do people still guy into that whole 'socialism' is evil crap any more? God I've hoped we're smarter than that by now.
Yes they do they try to claim he’s a socialist!!! It’s ignorant !!! he says he’s independent and I believe him
Body language says everything here. #GrahamCassidyBill is a #SCAM
Mitch McConnell is like a 10 yr old boy who knows hes in BIG trouble & is trying to distract himself from the lecture before the punishment
I'll say.
I’m really annoyed that such a child is senator 
A citizens legislature modeled on New Hampshire's needs to replace this graft fueled model. 
Thousands of citizens forwarding up decision.
NH offers a stipend of a couple hundred bucks to citizens to accomplish this. I personally think citizens should be drafted to serve 2yr
Drafted to serve in congress or military?
Both. The latter being only marginally less popular than the first. 
No deferments for anything. Anything. Anyone.
I don’t believe anyone should be forced to join the military. My grandfathers were and they suffered. No rich kids will be forced
Graham is a blood sucking vampire who sleeps hanging upside down in a cellar.
*closet
Bill Cassidy is an oily creepy televangelist...
Absolutely love Graham's expressions. The man wishes he were in hell and not on stage, on camera, getting his balls handed to him on a plate
i watched the debate what cassidy and grham is talking about ,is defintely cutting med,and medicare
They want vouchers for medicare with no guaranty of full coverage, They also have their eye on Social Security.
yes and the vets as well,trump is trying his damnest to destroy wat american is.
If you're in sane, or out of your mind, you're really in medical financial trouble
spiritfriendarlon@gmail.com
I can only hope that my words are being heard. I am not out of my mind this time.
We have very little sanity in the GOP
https://youtu.be/obRWCy-cgw4  (all about health care)
Bernie, America really need you. They have a president who thinks that socialism and communism are the same thing.
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #CombOverlord
JUST LIE YOU AND YOUR OBAMA GANG DID WHEN THEY SHOVED THAT NIGHTMARE DOWN AMERICAN THROATS??????
No sane person would believe in you
#StillBerning https://youtu.be/Gqo79ENm6pY  #Watch #Share
Except those that are rich, and just dont care. They have theirs via the tax payer.
No sane person would vote for universal health care. As a socialist your sanity is questionable. There are much better options.
He got roasted by Sanders. Way to put it in his face @SenSanders
I think you kicked their asses Bernie.
The benefits of a national health plan outweighs the disadvantages. Ask the Nigerian nation about their mission against Ebola.
Bernie does a smackdown.
Both sides need to stop playing games. Healthcare for Americans, that’s what you tell GOP.  Stop saying for all, no more political games.
GOP may be playing games w/ppl's lives, but no one else is. Healthcare for ALL - not just a select few - is worth fighting for!
Thank you, Communist Sanders  You're a mad man.
Talk to me when you debate Rand Paul
Wait!  No sane person would support it?
Oh then surly the democrats will vote for it.
1) Your discrete math is bad. Sane -> No Support does not imply Insane->Support.
2) I don't think you're licensed to declare level of sanity
Also, quality of your attempt:
I don't get it.  Maybe because I don't play b-ball or support any other form of organized crime like the Clinton's for instance.
I have felt for years that Lindsey Graham was a true American patriot - but this bill is way beneath him. Shame on you Lindsey!
I love
You @SenSanders if you were a 100 years old in a wheelchair I'd still vote for you! #YouHaveMoreIntegrityThanMost #Sanders2020
yes thank u mr.sanders,i appreciate u and the way you fight for health care,we are on your side.!
trump and comp, are all idiots,
and no complaints about how #ACA was passed in the first place.
Bernie you are absurd 
Please slap that shit eating grin off Graham's face.
I have the greatest respect & admiration for @SenSanders for his courage & empathy for the most vulnerable.
This is why we love this man #Feelthebern #stillsanders Bernie2020
#THANK YOU BERNIE !!!!
no sane person pushes the ACA as affordable or moral. it is just too expensive for middle class and leaves 28 mil uncovered. #singlepayer
Graham and the Republicans could gaslight all they want. They have zero true arguments for #Medicareforall
Senator, you r speaking @ a man with no intellectual consistency, moral compass, & an irrational desire 2 bomb all brown ppl. Hence not sane
Thank you, @SenSanders for ALWAYS standing up for and with the American people.
Lindsay looking like a smug piece of shit again. He only looks good when he's challenging Trump, but he still is exactly what he has been.
We do not want this! There is no care for those who need it to live! Thank you for standing for the people
Bernie just call them what they are: "Corporate owned Pigs"
You are not, I think, a reliable arbiter of what is or isn't sane.
And no politician who supports this bill will survive the destruction it's going to do to their credibility.  Sing Bernard
Like passing something without reading it!
Bernie you knew the primaries were being rigged in favour of Hillary, why did you not do anything about it?
#GOPHealthCareDebacle
No sane person could give a fraud such as yourself any serious consideration.
Bernie Liberal Losing Hypocrite, If you voted for Obamacare then your already insane
My family and I thank you Sen Sanders!
.@LindseyGrahamSC looks like he finds all this amusing...
.@BillCassidy looks angry that he's being called out in truth.
...it's beginning to smell.
I bet few have any idea what Graham-Cassidy actually does...I've read it and I don't completely understand. What with implied restrictions..
You definitely wiped that cheese eating grin off his face
Look at Graham's face, so disdainful at being confronted by the rabble.
#Bernie setting those clowns on fire #MEDICAREFORALL #SINGLEPAYER #HealthCareIsAHumanRight
Thanks for all the hard work you put in.
This absurd process (reconciliation) was used by the Democrats to force the ACA through! Bipartisanship would be great on h/c.
And yet you supported Obamacare along purely party lines? Not a single republican voted for the ACA which was forced through both Houses.
have a solution 
#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll 
Easy. Put it in a trust fund like Social Security and chop of any hands that try to raid it
Be careful with your wording. @algore had that rational about #Medicare & #Medicaid. He was laughed out of a debate by his term. #Lockbox
That's funny after you passed Obamacare without 1 GOP vote. Same with failed stimulus. You have a pattern of passing failed bills.
Such a helpful tweet to bridge the divide
Wheahs the rePO-aht?
U forget Obama and the A C A which never went thru Congress .And u call this good?
Graham and Cassidy are on a quest to please their big donors and to Hell with everyone else. They know no shame. I've lost all respect for
these greedy, self serving leeches.
Where was this tweet seven years ago, I wonder?
@GOP profits over health.
If you call a basic human right "socialism," you are what's wrong with the health system in America.
No person with basic knowledge of math would support your bill
No sane person would support a socialist/communist who got rich off taxpayer dollars #fake #thief
I have to say he made Cassidy & Graham look like they wanted to crawl under a rock in shame of what they’re trying to do to American’s!!
Sanders is the best debater in politics..
No sane person could possibly think socialism is the answer if they know history
What's so funny Graham
Watched the entire CNN healthcare debate - you and Senator Klobuchar were awesome.  Thank you.
@JoeNBC this must be the catastrophic moment for the Democratic Party you were predicting the other day?
Lindsay Graham is spineless and a liar. Vote him out in November 2018. Find his opponents and donate. #senlindsaygrahamsucks
He even nodded in agreement at the end. What do the Koch’s, Putin, Mercer have on him?
God look at Graham’s face. The embarrassment is showing.
Why listen to a socialist who lives like a capitalist.
When is Trump going to take there fancy pants healthcare away and give them this crap we have?Then maybe they will do the right thing!
That's because it's about the same as the ACA !
Get 'em, @SenSanders !
Thank you Bernie!  Better than I thought it would be.
The fact that he can't keep eye contact is a dead giveaway he's selling death insurance and can't handle being called out.
LG's face is how you look when you know dad is lecturing you after catching you doing something stupid and you got no good defense.
I LOVE that shift in his face.  Going from Smug smart ass to I'llshupupnow
They don't know what to do.  It's hard to get support when you can't jam it down someone throat because you faked an election

Lindsay Graham & Cassidy can't look Bernie, or the crowd for that matter, in the eyes. They KNOW they're LIARS & planning to commit murder!
God look at at that asshole  smiling at the beginning.  You tell him Bernie!
If it weren't for @BernieSanders  speaking up my freaking head would explode from this ShitSHOW
the body language says it all.
that POS Graham is looking in every single direction BUT at Sanders. that's the behavior of a liar.
You're right, no sane person. Which is why the GOP ideological idiots are all behind this latest ACA repeal attempt.
The problem is that the GOP has few if any sane persons. Their goal is to undo all the good that Obama did.
Tweets the man still looking the Easter eggs he hid last year.
Senator Sanders is a man of intellectual, vision and heart. He is the epitome of class. Why is this man not in the White House?
Because Americans lack all of those things, especially heart. We cant all be intellectuals or lead, but we can all have a heart, and we dont
You would know insanity....
Absolutely, Bern!
@R8chael_ watch Lindsay Graham squirm
Insane? No. Asshole? Yes. sadist? Exactly! #feelthebern
looks like Lindsay expected this tongue lashing.
Graham looks as guilty as hell. Someone who is proud of their work will look an opponent in the eye. Graham desperately looks anywhere but.
Bernie when are you shipping out to Venezuela
@feetothefire 
Body language from Graham is screaming..... this was a really stupid idea to debate Bernie Sanders.
Love to #feelthebern
I do believe you "roasted a pair of chestnuts" tonight, Bernie. As tiny & useless as they are I could still smell them burning!
So it so important that these two people what their names on this Health Care bill.
Thay of course really is not for the people
Graham keeps peeking at the monitor because his puppet-masters @ the RNC are watching!  Lick those boots, boy!
Graham and Cassidy resemble Cirque du Soleil performers with their astounding contortions. And their scariness. #MedicareForAll
Shut up and run off to Venezuela, I hear you Elites live great there .
Graham looks weak. He doesn't look like he believes what he has to say.
@SenSanders' @Marxist brain has maxed out.
Graham was right about ONE thing - you are the most honest person in the Senate, & I salute you for your championing universal HC!
@POTUS if you're up, read the proposal
#GOP some how thinks they're above the accepted rules 4 passing laws.Doing things in a backroom with 1/3 the #CBO.report. It's not happening
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBUMACARE
Thank you Bernie look at them they can't even face you like men, true slime trying to hurt Americans this is why it's important to vote!

@LindseyGrahamSC Keep smirking you ignorant misguided hayseed. If you are lucky you will be working on this bill until you go into the Home.
#BERNIE2020 Bernie DGAF!!!!
President Sanders
What do you know about sanity?
I don't know how you're verified as Bernie Sanders when you are not the one tweeting
it's someone on his staff
I realize that. However, I think the name should be changed to staff of Bernie rather than Bernie himself
Glad you're getting away from your stump speech, Bernie.  

Keep this up.   Tell us new things, not the same thing over and over again
Very good point senator Sanders co chair made, check with associations related to your illness and find out where they stand on the debate.
Omg shut up sanders! U are a nut!

Who won the Healthcare Debate?

@CNN Save #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #HealthCareDebate #TakeAKnee #earthquake #GrahamCassidy
Thank you!
If ur talkin about single payer, ur correct. Mr. Fancy sports car hushmoney

Cassidy is one creepy dude .and a liar #fake facts
No sane person could openly identify w/the guys who made Venezuela such a party.  And yet, here you are.

Bad tweet
It doesn’t even fit the meme
I hope someone is fact-checking this debate!!!
Bernie is fact checking the debate
Looks like a burn from Bernie.
Why did  @LindseyGrahamSC get away with citing widely debunked PP videos? They lie and get away with it every time! Lies got us Trump.
Insane in the membrane  #ObamaCare
@LindseyGrahamSC "I'm fine I have military & senate health bens when I retire" & "Govt is bad 4 ur health benefits"
SANDER FART BRAIN FORGETS OBAMACARE WAS PASSED NOT EVEN READ
I find it interesting GOP refers to "Obamacare" and Dems ACA. Just goes to show you GOP will use every tactic for people to not like ACA.
Two of those men on that stage are vile disgusting liars get rid of them
Lindsey looks like he has some regrets here. "Ugh why did I agree to this?"
No one claims @LindseyGrahamSC is sane, do they? If so, can't trust those folks!
Bernie has never sent a tweet himself.
You are following a 20 yr old intern
Good
At this point, no sane person should expect sanity in the effort to repeal and replace Obamacare either  #HealthCareDebate #Sad
“Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country”. Pres Kennedy, a Democrat, would be Republican today.
Yeah, nostalgic quotes doesn’t give us sustainable healthcare...
American people deserve the same quality, affordability, equality and effectivity of HC system like all other people on Civilized world !
#HealthCareDebate @SenSanders How long it take for #ACA to become law? This is subject matter that REQUIRES careful and thorough treatment!
Look at Graham trying to look away...

Hey Bernie, even with #FakenewsCNN on your side, you still lose.
The losers are those vile lying idiot republican liars
Speek the truth Burnie. 
He does for you are all of America
Graham literally looks like he was just called upon the principal's office cause he got caugh trying to spy girls on the showers.
Follow the $....
Well, what do you expect from us deplorables?
Fight on Bernie!! Wish you had won! I still feel the "Bern"!!!
Ooh scandalous
ONLY A TRUE MADMAN WOULD SUPPORT DEATH 4 CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS! WE FEEL SORRY 4 UR SICKNESS GRAHAM,ACA COVERS MENTAL HEALTH!!
WHAT DARK WIZARDRY IS ALLOWING YOU TO TWEET RIGHT NOW?!?
The magical tweesting stone, Precious. @realGollumTrump
I don't think the problem is one of sanity. Instead it seems to be one of greed, self-interest, and intoxication with power.
Lol, yes, like the socialist with 3 houses.
We can't depend on states please!! Illinois is broke! Save planned parenthood!! It is not about abortions! Screenings etc etc
Exactly! This plan is passing the buck to the states and there wont be enough money only for a small population.
Why is Lindsey Graham such a son of a bitch?
No sane person should vote in again a person that would stop them getting the same rights they paid for elected officials to get.
They actually do have marketplace insurance too but it is 75% paid for by their employer...us.
Why do they deny what we pay for them. That is the question that no one asks. If it is so bad why do they not give it up
Yes, someone should ask for a vote of how many Congress ppl will give up their paid for healthcare covrge since it is so bad. Ha! 0-zip-nada
Bernie go away your senile nothing is free.
HUGE fan of @amyklobuchar after watching this debate. She absolutely kills it!
Please Forward this to YOUR President (Tuff Pill to Swallow I know) 
#TakeTheKnee until everyone in this nation, this world is treated as equals.
*hell
Meaning we have nearly 50 lunatics on the right side of the Senate aisle.
Bernie is so sick of America’s shit that he is angry and fiery about it. I love it.
Go debate Ted Cruz again. You were so destroyed it was hilarious
Give them he'll Bernie
can he please come to #Canada to run for office!
He should
True. Thank u
Since when is the GOP sane or competent?!

Want to know the TRUTH about Nibiru?

#Nibiru #Jupiter #Trump #Putin #ClimateChange #GlobalWarming #EarthChanges #Bitcoin …
#Nibiru is #Jupiter
