I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
He is conman plain and simple. #MAGA? Impeach Trump and truly educate Americans because the Redneck President is in charge! Freak-a-duck!
Sorry, you don't even come remotely close to meeting burden of proof. Just hate filled BS. #MAGA
There are many illegals who are digging into our Social Security benefits who don't deserve it. That's where most cuts will take place.
Democrats want to protect illegal immigrants in our country. They say it’s the humanitarian thing to do.
They’ll point out how most immigrants just want to work, pay taxes, and
contribute.
A new damning report from the IRS is blowing the lid off of that narrative.
According to the IRS illegal immigrants in the USA are responsible for stealing millions of identities; the biggest purveyor of this crime.
Nobody likes you Sander. You are irrelevant... #MAGA
bernie would've mopped the floor with your small cock'd orange puppet clown
But he didn't, he got dropped out of the election cause he was doing TERRIBLE. Donald trump rose to the top 
your raise the question of popularity not who won the election. these are your terms- within which bernie is far more popular than trump
Face the facts, Bernie Sanders LOST, I repeat, LOST to #CrookedHillary. #CrookedHillary than lost to Donald Trump, so Trump was more popular
how is the guy who lost the popular vote more popular?
Trump DESTROYED #CrookedHillary, just face the facts you liberal 
you're avoiding the fact that he's not popular - that map just collects states not population count
better screenshot his tweet before he deletes it
Better yet make it into 1000's of billboards and plaster the U.S with them! #feelthebern
You Been Conned  Try Mr Pence's AOL Or Ryan's Treason  ?
Yes but that was the case with health care bill as well and he was trying to push that thru, so why is @realDonaldTrump lying now?
Respectfully horrific impact on many folk.
Yeah, and I got a bridge to sell you.,..LOSER Donnie is a LIAR and he is just plain NUTS
He forgot man! Leave the old fart alone! He has dementiaaaaaa
Close... he is a misdiagnosed  Dotard... not dementia.... he stuffers from mania
I don't know about that. Something serious going on. Reagan went a long time before it was admitted. He was going to sleep in meetings.
Bernie you’re a champ.   Stay strong.  Run in 2020
https://goo.gl/eAP0AP  #Merraw You did miaw with miaw, at least once
Sad  just another humiliation on the working class. 2020 will take America back with #healthcare for all, stay strong buddy we need you,  All America needs you...
Sir get your party to work with #realDonaldTrump. We need both parties working together for #America! So tired of fighting & hate.
@realDonaldTrump Are you going to actually keep your word, Donald? Haha,of course not, you are a con man and liar.
Wishful thinking Bernie.
He was pandering for votes, not seriously standing behind his empty words. Feeding a huge tax cut to the wealthy
Anyone who believed a single thing he said or promised fits Tillerson's assessment.  Sadly they are legion
BERNARD.. STOP WITH THE FIGURES. YOU DON'T OWN A CALCULATOR.  AND FIGURES LIE... LIARS FIGURE.. WHO ARE YOU?
Again we see Bernie whipping up a storm over non-factual (false) information. Get your facts right Senator, and stop push a false narrative!
Trump is a liar and a thief!!!!
Do you think any of them are honest? Both sides lie democrats and republicans. Both sides have disastrous ideas.
Bernie doesn't lie
Bernie lies all the time. There are no honest politicians. You may not know Bernie is being investigated by the FBI. Bernie is a millionaire
His wife was being investigated not him
The party that you embraced is the alligator in the swamp
Bernie campaigned hard for Hillary.

However, she ignored states that Bill told her to pay attention to, but she ignored him, too.
He's not to blame.
The BS artist campaigned in key battleground states.
Hillary campaigned among friendly faces.
She ignored Bill's advice.
He’s crazy
@realDonaldTrump Wanna bring up what u've said in 2015 #BreadLineBernie -come on #BernInHell Obama did more damage u said zip!
lolol are you high?
#CrookedDonald
@SenSanders You're powerless like the rest of us to stop the damn Trump Train. Nothing we can do, but suffer the fool!
Trump is a prolific and renown liar so what makes him reliable supporter of Medicare&Medicaid. Just get him out before he kills us all!
we are not fully at the mercy of our less erudite compatriots. keep up the difficult, necessary work
OOOOOO GET EM
As long as u dump ACA so millions don't have fake insurance and have no access to docs..deal. Also, sell ur houses to help pay for it all
And is that where he's planning to get those tax breaks for the rich and the 1% from, from cutting Medicare and Medicaid?
Republican logic - “Healthcare for all! What’s next, mammograms for sandwiches?“  ~~Seth Meyers
Hate to say it but you know Trump's promises mean nothing a big fat zero
It's time for every dollar spent too be accounted for in detail. No more blank checks to Congress!!!! #RepublicansHaveNoShame
You are winning if you run in 2020. #BernieSanders #bernieorbust
He won't veto it. He neither knows nor cares what he is doing.
Good. The Government should spend Americans tax dollars wisely and this would not be a problem.
President Trump to you!
@realDonaldTrump Liar in Chief
Appealing to Trump?
Are you Bernie staffers really so delusional?

Trump will sign whatever comes before him that pretends to be tax reform.
You have no Igor to my labor. Ask not what your government can do for you, but what you can do for your government. You are no JFK
If Social Security is going to be around for future generations it has to be expanded not cut. Also no more dipping into SS funds by pres.
I see your having delusions again
But first...gun control, please.
At least he’s pro life.
@JuddApatow Huckabee molests collies.
But you can't trust a word he says!
But Bernie,  it's not the money, the problem is what the money buys.  Delivering the same service for less cost means it costs less.
Lol
W/all due respect Sen., you must be high. *45 is so desperate to sign *anything*, he'd sign a bill turning the Whitehouse into a B&B.
Please stop campaigning. And actually do something. Write a bill that could pass
45 lied. What a surprise!
We shall see.
C'mon Senator Sanders...a Trump promise? That means nothing.
Did you blast democrats during the last 8 years when you guys stole billions also
Trump is a piece of shit. What's the shocker here. You wanna impress me.... show me a campaign promise he delivered on.
#NotOnePennyMore
Thank you for the observation.
noteworthy.
Much as I love you, Bernie, you know damn well @realDonaldTrump is NOT a man of his word.
How about a budget with no deficit...
There's video of Bill Clinton telling Paul Ryan to call him 'cuz he had ideas on how to cut Medicare.
Can you produce the video? That would be good to have.

Keep your word!
He talks lies, lies, lies!!  We must take him down!
That's President Trump to you Mr communist.
He's a liar about everything!!

Trump you're also a LIAR
CRAZY TRUMP TAKING FROM THE POOR & GIVING TO THE RICH!!!!!!!!
Yes - bc @POTUS is known for keeping his word.
Is anyone surprised? If so, you haven't been paying attention.
We all know trump lied his way to the oval.
Guess you deadbeats better get a job
Youre calling retired seniors on Medicare deadbeats?What about when you retire?U think a life spent trolling twitter is gonna help u then?
Medicaid. I was refering to Medicaid. You know welfare for people who dont want to work
You sound like one of Hillary's supporters. barf.

He doesn't care about these things just look at his healthcare plan, and everything else he touches a DISASTER
Really? State current spending on Medicare/Medicaid & then spending estimate in 10 years. Let’s see if it’s a cut. #newspeak
Exactly. Not a cut at all.
But they're pro-life, aren't they?
You need to be shouting this from the rooftops. It is a Blackfoot attempt to destroy healthcare for elderly and most vulnerable.
And this true, according to Forbs, in ten years one will doble and one will triple.
Those who promise higher spending and lower taxes always win elections.
GOP's over the top flag waving covers: "winner take all" mindset justifies & rationalizes insatiable greed, moral flexibility for top 10%.
@realDonaldTrump go bernie
...he's a damn LIAR !!!
Isn’t Medicaid the free stuff Cut it out totally don’t need it obama care has us all taken care of doesn’t it I kept my doc saved 2500
But we all know he was lying just to get the presidency!!!! @POTUS
I’m worried for my mom... what will she do?
Liar in chief!
Mr. Trump: promise to resign asap
And he'll deny he promised it and his voters will believe him.
Republicans are always cutting budgets for the poor
And the poor keep voting for them!!!!! Sad
Are these real cuts or just reductions in the rate of growth 
One is spending less the other is not spending as much
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP #VoteThemOut

A new study shows illegal immigration costs American taxpayers a stunning $134.9 *billion* - each & every year!
http://jwatch.us/V2fFX2 
Nothing Trump says is believable.  It's called a lying sack of shit.  He's not going to pivot. He's a bad golfer making lots of divots.
Do you have a plan to balance the budget?
Obama Cut Medicare by $800 billion to pay for ObamaDontCare
Cute how you expect him to keep his word.
Why is @GOP always trying to cut our health insurance?
Tax savings
What happened to your super dupper free for all health care plan to replace Medicare and Medicaid and obamacare 
Did it cost to much?
He lies
Sorry Bernie you know Trump is a Fraud and Putins Experiment running amuck in the White House...it's a sitcom with grade b actors! Help!
We need to pay for social services, people. Don't fall into the libertarian's trap. Remember the GOP will never give a sucker an even break!
DT might consider his stay as president to be an investment. He can sign himself a tax break he hopes will last for the rest of his life!
Under obamacare medicaid alone will cost 800 billion in 10 years, probably closer to 1 trillion or more a year.
Thank you Bernie
Bernie, why do you lie? The so-called cuts are smaller future increases
stop lying...there are no cuts to today's recipients...only limiting future expansion what school did you go to? did they not teach math?
Trump - keep your promise!
a real healthcare flowchart:
healthcare need $200000 a year?
Medical costs have gone up since the introduction of Medicaid in 1966 (even when adjusted for inflation). Get government out of healthcare.
Even his supporters shld pay close attention 2 this one since most will need their m'care. If they outlive their money, they'll need m'caid
It's time to #ImpeachTrump and replace the whole administration!
What a surprise he lied what number lie is that out of the 10,000 he's told since he's been in office
10.001
@realDonaldTrump lied and will make cuts to social security, Medicare and Medicaid services just to benefit the wealthy, pathetic
There really is a tweet for everything.
@realDonaldTrump just got bernied
No one cares if you do 
Don't worry fraudster, I am sure you find someway to monetize it. Hypocrite!
These cuts only serve as a paycheck to a very small group of wealthy people who feel they are owed and the pay to much
Got to hold POTUZ accountable for his promises to keep Americans insured. Healthy citizens make a strong country
We the people need some relief! Thanks!
It's very Christian to let poor old people die of illness lol
Trump's response: "They're wrong. Wrong. This will be the best budget for Medicaid and Medicare ever. The best. Everyone says so."
And as we know the 45th president is a man of his word he will never lie to the American people will he ?
@realDonaldTrump is a pathological liar who will not keep his promise.
Sen. Sanders I agree the GOP needs to realize #Public Servant45 needs to be impeached or resign as Nixon did in '74!
#medicare #medicaid #doctor #nurse #hospital #sick
You expect @realDonaldTrump to keep a promise? Trump? History will let you know you'd be in for a disappointment if you did.
Dump will sign anything put in front of him. If someone would put his resignation in front of him that would be great.
Umm..... what?

Cut more please.
If that's the case, why does this say otherwise?
It's called people working. Less freeloaders. You should try it #BankFraudBernie
@realDonaldTrump liar liar whitehouse on fire
Thanks for this Bernie—it’s all on you and your lack of team play. It’s easy to chirpnfrom the sidelines but when u had your chance?
20% of Medicare and Medicare is wasted in Fraud that’s more than $120 Billion so the Republican Budget is really cutting the Waste.
Good
Bernie Sanders, keep calm and eat a pink cupcake.
It wasn’t Cheeto-lini’s fault he was lying ... it was his thumbs doing the typing.
Insulin thru medicade is $175 without $25. ACA does not allow drug price negotiations. Either corruption or ignorance keeps you silent.
Well mr. Trump remember what you said NO CUTS to social security and Medicare. Keep your promise.
Well he's lied about almost everything, so it will be a surprise if he vetos the bill.
Thanks. Lead the way.
That sounds too moral for a trump action. I hope he keeps his promise, although I am not holding my breath
It's the duopoly itself that has brought us to the brink.
Please don't let this happen.
He won't. You know that right? #disgrace  #liar
@realDonaldTrump Just more proof that not even cliff notes versions work for this MORON. Please can we remove him from our lives
I like how people are too stupid to understand what he said, so, of course, he must be lying.
Sir, what is your plan to decrease the deficit and/or national debt?
For one no tax cuts! Especially for the wealthy. Wtf?
Taxing can never be the only answer to the massive debt we’ve accumulated. What else you got?
I wonder if Medicare and Medicaid covers the cost of bullets ripping through the flesh of innocent Americans who are watching a show?
I didn't get a raise so my budget has been cut.  Make total sense
Senile old man mumbling gibberish
Doubtful
Bernie people are designed to die. If you beleive in Heaven some go earlier then others.
Clever wording. These aren’t cuts, but limits to allow less growth over 10 yrs. They still increase each year.
Why not control actual costs?
But he's the Liar in Chief
You tell him Bernie!
Bernistas, largely the ones not paying for anything and expecting everything.
the @GOP needs to stand up to the fact that #PublicServant45 is incapable of leading anyone let alone this country. He needs to RESIGN
Uhh no. Sorry bud.
Trump is irresponsible and destructive to all people, plants and animals.  #NotMyPresident #FakePresident #Resistance #ImpeachTrump
Sadly, he won’t veto this budget.  He’s a pathological liar & cant be trusted to do anything but serve his own interests.
Just like all the people in the USA
Bot
Cutting vs not expanding. Do you really think everyone is that dumb?
Alzheimer's
Funny you’re talking about money
Umm, Bernie, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but Trump lied. He lies about everything. Didn't you know that? He's a pathological liar.
#PortoRico & #Vegas: after tossing @NBA toilet paper, why not free sale of bazookas from @NRA label to protect RealUS's kids ?
Enough with the handouts that are bankrupting this country. Looking forward the day your 15 minutes are up. You being nothing to the table
Reducing growth is not a cut.  More deceit and fearmongering from the left.
Fear is what cults use to control their victims.
#DNCbloodcult
Like all conservatives they want to create a third world economy like India etc. The very rich and the very poor.
He sure does love to lie.
