Is it too much to ask that you find an actual Democrat to argue the Democratic position?
Good luck finding a Dem that knows more about it than Sen. Sanders does. Issues, not parties
If you want discussion of issues go listen to a real debate between policy experts, not senator grandstanding on CNN
Says the bot w 7 followers
Eh, no - just a new anonymous account so I can speak freely

Alt account, dipping toes into things I cannot speak about on public -

If I'm a bot I'm not a very good one - would have more followers
I see #FakeNewsMedia  could careless about America, tax cuts will help everyone.
Go Bernie
Its not a debate. Its a Flawless Victory everytime @tedcruz speaks on anything! Sanders is just inept sadly. But that's what leftist are.
I hope you are enlisted, if not put that on your to do list tomorrow.  Ok
Cruz says “Democrats scare monger” to cover for his Koch suck- as Cruz comes out scare mongering! He’s such a hypocrite.
Teddy lied again.
Ted you have no credibility with me.
One cannot expect the same result from tax cuts by Kennedy and Regan. It  was different economic time. Bush failed with his cuts. #MAGA
We need to cut military spending, cut more fore mild class, increase tax for corporation who hides from taxes abroad.
Please get some new voices to debate.
Oh yes because the people at home facing a tax increase whilst the rich get a decrease are thinking "you know what That Bernie is not a dem"
I just would like to see some others. Nothing against Bernie but how about mayors, governors, etc
The reason why Bernie is picked is because he attracts an audience and gets ratings, a random governor would not get ratings
Ugh I'm sick of talking about 16' primary...jog on!
Ted Cruz’s face when Bernie Sanders Fact-Checks him. #cnndebate #CNNDebateNight
Which statements of Cruz's were found to be incorrect?
EMINGRES !!!!   SOS!
#45thinksPOWssusck
Just McCain who was KNOWN for singing to his captors. Research truth over biased ignorance.
Imagine how cold hearted you'd have to be to criticise a POW for breaking under torture
Breaking is one thing, HELPING THE ENEMY is a completely different thing. Soldiers captured with McCain testified his willingness to help.
That is ridiculous.   #45draftdodger
Didn’t watch any part of #FakeNewsMedia
A mature civilized debate !
Gag! Get some more relevant Senators and not these two publicity seeking ridiculous self serving men.
Sanders is literally the most popular and the least corrupt senator in the country.

Give him heck Bernie! I don't have cable but I'm rooting for you.
Normally dont watch anything on cable news. I'll def tine in to CNN for this debate! #Bernie
Cruz could only win the debate if he drank bleach on stage
He like Bernie,  but is he the only one speaking for the party ? Lol. Every date. Bernie. Please rest a little
Edit: debate
He’s not speaking for any party, he’s speaking on an issue that affects all of us
I get that part.
Why does Sanders hate the rich people so deeply ? I’m poor and I love the rich for creating jobs , #Sanders is a communist.
2 very wealthy people are going to tell us what we need. Don’t tell us, show us by passing real legislation.
Bernie has done so, check out his single-payer healthcare bill. He attended this debate specifically to argue in support of it.
Sanders wants single payer. Socialist medicine.  It don't work Bernie.
Bernie call Ted Cruz and so many got your moments it got embarrassing Ted your history I out of the Senate cut grass for Donald Trump
Should be interesting!
Cruz is one of the slimiest "humans"  I've ever seen. His very appearance and voice is unnerving.
An Absolutely total WASTE of airtime. But better than stealing more bytes of family grief moments. Nothing is respected or sacred for MSM!
#ThankYouBernie
Go get em Bernie
It Barney not Bernie!
He is a Socialist. He misunderstands America , Liberty, and a Free Society. he left needs to stop buying vites with our hard earned money.
Once again Bernie openly admits he wants to raises everyone’s taxes. Yet you cucks are still blind to that.
Feel the Bern

10% increase on middle class taxes.Slight increase in Standard Deduction won't replace what you lose with home mortgage, property tax, and state tax deductions.Huge cuts in Medicare and Medicaid. 1.3Trillion added to deficit. Vote NO on Tax Reform.
What's Cruz playing with in his pockets?
Bernie's going to get killed twice by Ted 

Munching on estate tax. Ted lied yet again.
Cruz is a liar- he does take Koch money. He’s a shill.  Fact check. Ted is a liar. Period. http://cnn.com/2015/07/25/pol …
Ted talks in circles and lies. He lied about the estate tax. Munchin ended him already. Fact check it. Cruz lied. Period. End of story.
Sanders is a turd. Socialism is poison.
That's not a debate crazy @BernieSanders will get his ass handed to him and show what fool he is. Along with rest of democrats
Cutting taxes was a good idea to generate revenue when the the top rate was like 75% it's at 39% now... Taxes are LOW not high
Okay seriously conservatives need to stop acting like they are so fucking smart when we have had nothing but conservative shit for 30 yrs
bernie is getting destroyed
It's a great bebate show..
Ted Cruz needs to stop laughing when Bernie is speaking. It makes him look bad.
OMG, SOCIALIZED SCHOOL, REALLY??? It's a fact kids got dumber in their schools.
 It's called keeping them indocturinated. To think like them
Single mother wants regular federal handouts for her family. Why should we work to support other people's kids?
Bernie Sanders - Stop! Fact-check time!! #cnndebate #CNNDebateNight
Good god, why?
Bernie Sanders - Stop! Let’s get a fact check! #cnndebate #CNNDebateNight
Bernie: “whoawhoawhoawhoawhoa! Wait a minute, fact-check!” #cnndebate #CNNDebateNight
Ted Cruz excellent speaker well educated. And intelligent answers. Bernie great example of Senators living off our taxes for life!
Where does Bernie come from it’s tax payers responsibility to pay for health care and education for other people I’ll take care of my family
 
Sorry, @CNN basketball!
Bernie Sanders after every reply to Ted Cruz #cnndebate #berniesanders
Actually shouldn't we wait for this earth-shaking event until after Ted's brain transplant. He's grist for the Bern's mill now.
I'll pass on cnnno matter who's on it
WE KNOW SOCIALISM DOES NOT WORK! #Venezuela I lived through the 80's the economy was the best in my lifetime!
Lying Ted is at it again! #trumpwhippingboy
Ted Cruz: We need a deduction for paying for online porn subscription!
@tedcruz , you dont stand a chance. #FakeNewsCNN already gave the debate questions to old man @SenSanders #FakeNewsCNN
Why is Ted Cruz always his opponent in these debates?
I love @SenSanders but can't stand Cruz.  Not watching.
As long as Sanders spends some time actually debating instead of promoting his policies, I'm all ears.
Did you give  Bernie the questions ahead of time? 

#taxdebate 

Am I the gazillionth guy to try that joke?
Oh gawd, not these two again, going back and forth and never getting anywhere. I like Bernie, but what is with this match up?
Brace yourself for some recycled talking points
Ted is gonna get his ass kicked lmao.
HAHAHAHA!!! Good one!
Bernie all bets are off
I hope they dance
Who gives a
I might have to actually turn on CNN for once just to watch the Socialist get an ass whipping
Cruz is for the top 1% only, no debate ability, going to get torn apart. All smiles and lies.
Ha!
can't wait to watch bernie yell slogans and tank his argument again
Just Bernie responding to numerous lies! I pass !
Don't forget the Dr Pepper tonight

You can tell this is a CNN article. Tax cut will "cost" 1.5 trillion? Why is it any time the Gment takes less of my $, it's a cost to them?
Don't pay your taxes and see what happens.
I'd tune in if I didn't think Bernie already has the questions and this turns into an I gotcha moment for @tedcruz he's more brave than I
What about the baseball game?
Lol get ready for a spanking Bernie!
@tedcruz smart money is on Cruz.
we already know the outcome, Bernie Crushes the slimeball Cruz
Get him Ted
i would love to see some of bernie sanders ideas come to fruition
Bernie will wipe the floor with that weasel.
Well....this will be exciting.
Drinking game idea. Everytime Bernie says "fair share" (which means 90%) you take a shot. Hammered in 12 minutes guaranteed
Thanks for debate.  Wishing more to come!!
you mean Ted Cruz look like a jackass live
Hit him hard, Ted.
Problem with  @tedcruz is; he’s just dumb enough to think he’s winning when he’s actually getting curb stomped.
Bernie always crushes debates
Even Hillary, no matter what MSM said. They focused on his personal quirks while ignoring the facts he shared
While I'd love to see @SenTedCruz clobber the socialist, I will not watch it on #VeryFakeNews channel
That's like Noam Chomsky debating a 3 year old

I'll never watch that propaganda station.  Maybe Cruz can have it broadcast on a worthwhile place.
Will Bernie show his taxes?
It’s not a fair fight ... @SenSanders is incoherent
Debate? Just like the Healthcare schooling Ted smacked on Bernie. 
TAX EVERYONE AT 99% WEALTH DISTRIBUTION! SUCCESS IS EVIL!
This'll be easy work for Sen. Cruz. Not hard to demonstrate socialism is historically and across the world currently an economic nightmare.
Would love to tune into this, ironically we have an accounting test to study for
Idiot Bernie Sanders.
@SenSanders  ... @tedcruz is lyin’ Ted. He’s nothing .. why waste time with him unless you are interested in his porno habits.
Wow, I imagine socilist Sanders tax reform is something like: just give us all your money and we’ll decide what food you eat tonight?
WHY CNN???? Guess I will just have to see clips from the internet...CNN WILL NEVER BE ON MY TV! #CNNSUCKS #CNNVERYFAKENEWS
The Democrats are going down to the bottomless pits of hell after this uranium one nightmare unfolds on them.
Debate?  As if a socialist would know anything about sensible tax policy.  This will be more like a shellacking.
LOCK SANDERS UP...I DON'T CARE WHO HE IS..LOCK HIM UP
And nobody cared. Our nation is crumbling from the WH down. Tax reform? Pfvvt We need reps and senators to uphold their oaths!
Bernie's nonsensical drivel, socialistic views, and oddness make him the loser out of the gate.
#Debate.  Is it really though
Get that horrible Canadian off the stage. Send him back to his birth place. Ted is awful. #Beto2018
this will be good
CNN isn't allowed inside our home.
too busy drinking kool-aid to hear real news?
feel the BERN teddie
This ought to be a hoot
Get em Ted! Tell that sorry Nazi we don't want his sorry but or his politics
Is there a livestream option for cord cutters?
Bwaaaa Haaaaa Haaaaa. Bernnie is going to look like the ass hole he is. Cruz is going to wipe the floor with him. 
Go Ted!!
Teds a shill. http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/25/politics/ted-cruz-wilks-brothers/index.html …
It will be fun to  watch Bernie squirm
Bernie looks confused, Ted looks like he knows what he's doing
If you say so. It’s obvious you have very bad eye sight. How are those glasses doing buddy?
I need to keep an aire of objectivity so I can’t come right out and say who I’m rooting for but it rhymes with Sernie Banders. #CNN
I can't think of 2 people I would like to watch less
This is going to be a bloodbath, Bernie won’t last 5min before Cruz destroys his socialist ideas
Ted Cruz will RUN CIRCLES around Bernie
Sorry @tedcruz no way I’m turning on that network
This my friends is known in the trade as "a yawner"-Bernie will state crappola &Ted will remind Bernie that he's a socialist &full of crap
@tedcruz my goodness Bernie.. ...another knife to a gun fight vs Ted....let the slaughter rd 2 happen
@tedcruz should annihilate @SenSanders socialist mantras
Cruz with the KO in round 2
Bernie is NO match for Cruz....LOL.
If it's going to be anything like the health care debate, it ought to be fun.
...watching @SenTedCruz win, again. "I didn't say it once"
To bad
I don't watch that Fakenews AntiFa station
Cnn is full of 
They like 2 manipulate their brainless auditors
Cnn dangerous 4 country
They should book Al Franken for these or Elizabeth Warren. Bernie just doesn't convey his message well enough when he is right.
@McCash2032 @JaydenMcCash
I know right LETS GOOOOO
RIP Comrade sanders
Trump is Putin’s bitch dude. Hahaha! The irony of you.
Bernie Sanders is going to kill it. Not unlike Ted Cruz killed all of those folks as the Zodiac Killer
Dear @CNN ,
Again, NO THANK YOU for this town hall. Just like the previous 4, useless and divisive.Who's bright idea needs a new job.
Go Bernie!

Wipe the floor with that Eddie Munster looking m*fkr.
Ya, you mean, Ted Cruz is going to mop the floor with the curmudgeon deli man again...

Uuuggghhhh. Boring.
Where has Socialism worked in the world.............#crickets
Venezuela? Nope, that’s not it..
drag him Bernie!
hope you can be trusted to give each man time to discuss & refute the issue Don't be your usual unethical selves
Disagreeing at an Idea level
what's wrong Bernie are afraid to go on @FoxNews
Is there a problem reporting the truth -ratings perhaps?
topic-Yo, 6/14/1943 Supreme Court ruled that No one can be forced to participate in Patriotic rituals such as the Pledge or National anthem!
Report the truth-screw ratings
Hey little Ted and the loony tune socialist that has several homes and a fat bank account.
I hope Fox News shows highlights of Ted Cruz kicking Bernie’s butt because I deleted my CLINTON NEWS NETWORK.
Looking forward to seeing @BernieSanders drag @TedCruz like a boss. #FeelTheBern #DebateWithBernie
Could you please make sure that Bernie is drinking Dr. Pepper and Cruz is drinking Pepsi?
Who is asking for these? I want names.
However much I would love to hear what Sen. Cruz has to say, I could bring myself to listen to one minute of Bernie Sanders! aka Barnie Fife
@SenSanders it is interesting debate between 2 vying presidential nominees last year. Hard to know who is better debater for tax reform
The democratic party has yet to wake up to the urgent reform needed, will Bernie diverge prog's irrelevant yet again?
Transcend the duopoly 2020. We need to be sure @SenSanders truly on board and not just a DNC divergent tactic.
I hope that Cruz is made to look more of an idiot than we know him to be.
@ScottAdamsSays can't wait for the periscope
I'll save you some time:
Sanders: We need all your money to pay for things half of you don't want.
Cruz: No we don't. Fend for yourselves.
Who wants a socialist to put an opinion on taxes? All they ever do is raise them
@TaxationIsTheft & no kind of #TaxReform or #TaxFairness will change that so where are my #Senate reps to debate against an illegal #budget?
it's only after I blast the #Senate on #socialmedia for being absent that they try to make it appear like they give a fuck. #EveryDamnTime
and instead of debating about threats to cut medicare or social security, demand that the US withdraw it's funding of the @WorldBank first.
True but good luck with that. Most Americans are sheep cowards and actually believe the 1% -Koch’s and the GOP.
I always watch CNN, but not tonight.
Tax breaks don't mean a damn thing if you're not in the top 1%...
What is a tax reform that puts $4000 in the pockets of middle class, which is about $77 per week. I guess we'll call our financial advisers
Again?
HAAAAAA, commie Bernie doesn't stand a chance
Info wars is your header............. Enough said.. lmao
Why would you do this @SenTedCruz ? A republican could debate that the sky is blue on @CNN and lose.
Our man Senator Ted Cruz is going chew up and spit out that socialist Sanders. We got your back!! #MAGA

Why???
In other words @tedcruz @SenTedCruz to blow Sen Sanders out of the water....again.
#FakenewsCNN  has given @BernieSanders the questions last week.
CNN townhall?? Yeah this is not gonna go Ted’s way at all..
I’m sure CNN sent the questions to Bernie beforehand
Didn't they already do this?
My guess is the deck will be stacked for Bernie...
CNN probabyalready gave the Berner the questions.
Never watch CNN.  Never will!!!!!
Bernie: TAX BREAKS FOR THE RICH. TAX BREAKS FOR THE RICH.
Ted: A new Ferrari or bail money for the wife or a fourth house, Bernie
I hope bank fraud comes up.
Sorry Ted I cant watch it.. I wont give that network one single dollar in ad revenue..
Hey Burnie how's that fraud thing working out for ya?
Can't wait to read about TC exposing crazy Bern. Too bad we won't see it. Our family NEVER tunes into fake news CNN. #maga #boycottCNN
Debating a known Communist shouldn't be too hard, but look out for Alinsky tactics.
I really dont like Cruz but hes gonna destroy the crazy nut job sanders guy is a total fraud.
Actually Ted is a fraud and he’s lied multiple times and he takes Koch money. Ha! You’re uneducated.
Bernie will win. Ted will put everyone asleep like Trump when he's on  the Teleprompter
@joey_desmarais Bernie is going to be humiliated tonight lol
@CNN sucks. Are you going to rig it or give Bernie all the questions ahead of time?? Maybe bring in some pro commie shills ? Losers.
This should be good
@SenTedCruz If it wasn't on CNN I'd pay to watch.
