We should be increasing voter participation, not making it harder to vote.
What's so hard about showing your government issued ID? 
Tell your bank, when you want to make a withdrawl, and they ask for your ID to go along with your ATM that you are calling your lawyer and filing racist complaints. See how far you get with that. BTW, DNC required Photo ID in 2012 to enter their Convention.
Errmm, you didn’t win your primary based on your ideas #justsayin
Go to bed
Take your own advice, and... get the hell out.
 tell em, Bernie!
As if Bernie wasn't humiliated in the election, genius!
U mad
Senator, with all due respect, you lost. She won with over 3M popular votes. Please put country before ego.
First of all...that's moronic. 2nd, Californians don't count as people also? 3rd...just stop talking.
Just leaving this here. Electoral College. Three states. 77,744 votes. And I'd have voted for Sanders if nominee so shut that down.
That's your opinion. We need to focus on what's happening now.
Who says they're not?  We need to focus on making a difference, not looking to any one person to somehow save us. #actlocal
Anyone wanna tell him?
You lost
Tweeted by a guy who literally lost a primary based on his ideas.
If you cannot win an election based on your ideas, then get the hell out of politics.
Polls < Votes

It's his premise, not mine. His ideas *literally* lost.
The media treated him with kid gloves and he lost because the base of the Democratic Party didn't vote for him. This is not hard.
A media blackout is /totally/ the same as "Kid Gloves." When they aired an empty podium instead of his speech, it was /such/ a positive bias
Who's winning the championship, Bernie?
Bye, then your old fraud.
Bye, then.   
Thank you for your integrity!!
If you can't win without Racist Identity Politics and Socialist Class Warfare, you should relocate to Venezuela where your agenda reigns.
Agreed Bernie, NO Clinton in 2020
So take your own advice: get out of politics.  Your ideas don't work.  You can't even discern that.

I like you, but you can't think well.
Bernie you took bribe money and fraud your supporters.  You did not pay cities after they were trashed.  Your wife under FBI investigation
Didn't you just lose the nomination based on your ideas?  Follow your own advice Bernie.
Then why are you still in politics?
Exactly...so leave.

Dude, you literally lost an election based on your ideas, retire.
Yes Bernie, please get out!!!
Then why the hell are you in politics burning. Trying to get your crooked wife out of jail
Sounds like a lesson for both yourself and Hillary. Perhaps you should take the advice you just gave out.
what do u think about the kyrie trade?
Lol. I just pictured Bernie trying to figure out your tweet. 
 then why aren't you retired?
And if Republicans can't get behind less government bureaucracy, then it will be easy to show their hipocrisy.
Was reading all the rabble rousers here saying not a big deal to show ID, made me think...
Or steal the primaries and secure the nomination anyway.
If you cannot stick with a party long enough for any of your ideas to be made into policy form, then you should get the hell out of politics
Doesn't this tweet perfectly describe you, senator?!!!!
You're cute.
Is that why you gave all of your votes & donations away to her against your contributors' will?
Time for you to pack your bags boyo.
The irony of you saying this...
Take your own advice
Really crazy the amount of Bernie hate up on here.  There are a lot of people like myself who have similar political views, why alienate?
When Hillary and Bernie "supporters" attack each other, they betray their screwed-up priorities. Spite is more important than stopping Trump
Exactly, we should be looking for commonalities instead of rehashing the petty.
#BernieActuallyWon
#DemocraticPartyElectionFraud
#MediaCoverUp
#BernieWasThreatened
#DNCleaks
#Wikileaks
I hope Sanders runs again because I'd like to see how many millions of votes he loses by this time, and who he blames for losing.
He'll never ever be President. After over a year of smears and attacks by him and his ilk we Democrats will NEVER vote for Sanders
Not as stupid as thinking a socialist who wants to break up the banks and raise taxes could win the General.

Hey Bernie...you gonna write a book now too?
Maybe call it "WTF HAPPENED?"
Last chapter can be "Get The Hell Out Of Politics".
How's your buddy @realDonaldTrump who offered $10 minimum wage and you listed after it even though you bashed @HillaryClinton for $12/$15 ?
Where do you get your info from.  I heard @SenSanders say $15/hr in multiple interviews long before Hillary said it.
6-7-15 Anybody heard of a Sen Sanders then?

That's an odd way of announcing your retirement. https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/900153026631139329 …
cc @emilyeggbert
Said the one who couldn't win on his
It's very telling when the "loser" has a higher approval rating  than the elected Prez
So did Hillary 
It's quite obvious you can't understand he is referring to Trump so on that note 
What if you can't win because your own party rigs the election and pays you to go away
Alright then, byebye.
So... why are you still here?
Get out of politics then
You mean like how you wouldnt let us see your taxes. Like how you used the Democratic Party. Why didnt you run as an Independent? #hypocrite
Pretty much the exact thing Bernard Sanders's said to himself
Why aren’t you fired up about @HillaryClinton and the @DNC stealing the nomination from you?
Get the hell out then there guy
Please retire already

You didn't win based on your ideas. We'll wait... Holding the door open for you to make your exit...
trump is a crackpot, republicans disgraced America by nominating him

1: He is insufferably self-righteous, with nothing to back it up
2: He is a tremendous hypocrite
3: He ran a vicious, negative campaign, and lied to you about it
4: He was reckless and destructive
5: He lied to his supporters to stay in the race — and keep taking their money
6: He is petty and vindictive
7: He selfishly hyped the fake WikiLeaks scandal
8: He refuses to take responsibility for his actions
9: His campaign was as sleazy as they come
10: He’s just a world-class jerk

Bernie lost
That's the point. If the election was based on ideas, Bernie would have won
Bernie ran on ideas. Bernie lost.
Do you think Trump won because if his ideas?
Yes. Every politician wins on their ideas. No matter how stupid they are. They also win based on how stupid the other guys ideas are.
Or the kind of person they are. Trump didn't win based on his winning personality.
So.........You're resigning?
Not until he stops winning his Senate elections with 71% of the vote.
Or winning the Democratic Presidential Nomination with how much?
What of his policies to you oppose?
Pretty much everything that leads to Socialism. I don't really trust a man who spent his honeymoon in The Soviet Union and never came back 1
NM I thought you were one of those liberals. I know the conservatives song and dance.
Ok.
Great idea @BernieSanders YOU LOST. Bye, bye.
You lost retire.
“@SenSanders: If you cannot win an election based on your ideas, then get the hell out of politics.” Lol funny you say that
As a long time winning senator.
In a blue state? Lol. So what's the reason for the presidential election? Can diss it but can't take it?
He wins his state with his policy. That's still winning.
And the presidential race? He couldn't even win his own nomination. So the fact that you're arguing this is hilarious
Senator Saunders here is my video for Trump and his supports
Don't let the door hit you on the way out!
ID needed for Doctor ,licenses,travel,banks,why not for voting ??? Because the Dems have to cheat to win ! #LiberalLogic 
When can we expect your resignation?
Damn Is @SenSanders renouncing Socialism RN? Lmao prime example for term limits- #AllTalkNoAction #Resign
Oh, well, I'm sure you'll do ok with your 3 homes and your $100k+ Audi. I hear the Muppets are looking for a 3rd balcony guy.
Didn't you lose an election? You should take your own advice and retire
Why didn't you run as a Socialist? Be proud of what you represent, government control of everyone and everything. #byebyebernie
you lost!!!!! so see ya......

Why show ID for anything if not for one of our  most sacred rights

Maybe we should all just move to Venezuela. You still think that it's an ideal place to live?
How snowflakes view voter ID laws**** very funny
I do hope that you were looking into the mirror when you said this!
So why are you still here?
So you're out?
Oh that is rich coming from you.
Well then Bernie, bye, bye!!
You can not even go to the bank with out an ID.... why the hell not have one for something this important?
and buy 2 or 3 vacation homes, right Bern?
Bye 
You should be sure your brain is engaged before putting your mouth (twitter fingers in this case) in gear.
And retire to one of your three houses you refuse to redistribute...i guess you'll need the money for your corrupt wifes legal fees
Then you should resign and HRC shouldkeep walking in the woods.
How is the bank fraud investigation going??  Your wife is guilty.
See ya Bernie! Please enjoy  Cuba since you are unable to convert United States into Cuba.
Your ideas are doing quite well in Venezuela right now.
Says the guy who lost a nomination because his own party rigged the process against him...some people's kids, I swear.
Neither Hillary's campaign or the DNC had to rig anything, to beat Bernie. It took a pack of lies about Hillary from Wikileaks to beat her.
The truth is, WikiLeaks has never leaked anything not true.  The truth is, Wasserman Schultz had to resign chairmanship due to the rigging.
No, Assange is a fucking fascist, and a minion of Putin. He wanted an incompetent fool as POTUS, so he smeared the Dem leadership.
ROTFLMAO!  Democrats are so stupid.
Podesta even admits the WikiLeaks emails are his.
Democrats smeared themselves, Seth Rich saw to it that their slime became public.  Rich was a Bernie supporter.  Hated Hillary. Good reason.
Seth Rich was killed by a mugger.
AMEN , Senator.
You tried to win an election based on your flawed ideas, but the Democrat primary was rigged against you.  That should bother you more.
Agree!
Here, let me hold the door for you...

Then why are you still in politics?
Well Bern time for you to announce your resignation immediately!!!! You LOST in the election and your ideas have been voted against!!! #Bye
1. Yes, if your ideas r so contrary to individuals who desire freedom over being taken care of, leave politics.
2. Voting in the U.S. isn't hard if you have made a modicum effort to provide proper Identification which is easily attainable.
A lot of people misinterpreted this. Bernie means people should own their ideas when they go into election, not just pretend for more votes.
So go.
Well Neither you or Hillary won........ Goodbye
I guess this means we won't be seeing you any longer.  Regardless, guess you will be tied up with your wife's fraud case!!!!
Are you giving Hillary and/or DNC advice?
You are going to retire then?  No one was socialism anyways
Is that why you aren't prsident, Bernice?
Well time for your EXIT from politic!!
If you're whole career has been achieving zero and promoting communism, then you too should get the hell out of politics.
#ByeByeBernie no more socialism in the world
You should take your own advice. Get out of politics.  #MAGA
..........There's a "Bernie Sanders Should Get Out of Politics" joke in here somewhere
Well then Mr Sanders, with that being said, what's next for you? Lecture circuit? Seeing as you lost your election, take your own advice!
I'd like to say you'll be missed. But...you won't be. Or does your own statement not apply to you?
See ya Gramps
Then go away. You've been campaigning on the same 1-trick pony crap for at least 25 years, and been rejected for it. Trump, on the other /1
hand.... won on his ideas. And the first time he tried /2 end
Bye
Well then I guess it's time for you to go.
Then...get the hell out of politics.
You broke my heart, Bernie! You could have won the election, but you rolled over. All those years of work, for this chaos!
Your ideas lost you any chance to be Pres.  As you depart politics, you will farm maple syrup?
Uh.....
Yeah I'm sure that tactic of telling people "get the hell out of politics" is going to change America, NOT

PLEASE Denounce #Antifa violence
byebye
... Lenin is calling ... he wants his ideas back!
Resign today #BankFraudBernie. #socialist #swamper
StillTrying2FigureOutHowYou're Allowed2BeASenator-SeeingYourA "Socialist-Dem"-(Pseudonym Lenin CameUpWithForThoseAfraidOf
Communist)
If you can't win an election based on ideas, you may be a democrat.
You might win down in Venezuela
When will we see the last of you @SenSanders???
Bernie, you tried and the Dems screwed you over.......
You are a moron Bernie. You lost the nomination due to well documented fraud. I guess you need to follow your own advice. Get the hell out!
"Can't convince minorities to buy his BS" is "well documented fraud"? Who knew?
You didn't even make it past the primary
Take your own advice commie
So true. Bye Bye Bernie, you are long over due for a quiet retirement.
Sounds like you should move to Europe then #ThursdayThoughts
So get the hell out, ideas like socialism have no place in America.
This is the classic lib nonsensical argument that an id is a poll tax. It is not and nearly every state offers low cost IDs for non drivers
Sooooo.....Buh-bye!
Last time I checked you couldn't even win your parties primary. Now take  your own advice and be gone


Don't let door hit you in the ass.
America is not a fly by night op where anyone can just step into booth &vote...some responsibility is req to protect its integrity #voterID
'I bet if they made getting a #voterID “a signup for something free”, they wouldn't be able to accommodate all that show up!'
Who are you talking about? @HillaryClinton ? 

It's been a long while since we agreed on anything, but on this I do!
Please Bernie, end socialism once and for all. It's a bad idea.
Oh god - the irony of this post. 
Bernie really is this senile.

Please tell us you aren't leaving politics because you didn't win. We need you.
Take your own advice Bernie
That's right Bernie, so get the hell out then because you lost. You are no better than Hillary.
Please comment on your vaulted Venezuela.
Seeing as you didn't win the election, does this mean you're getting the hell out of politics?  Please? 
So I guess that's what you're doing?
But be honest about being a Communist Bernie. Stop promising a "better America where the government takes care of everyone". It's a lie.
Good riddance to you Bernie
Just think, you lost to the person who lost, to Donald Trump!!
Are you still mad at Hillary and the DNC?
From the guy that lost  was cheated and did nothing about it but hurl insults at others because his ideology was rejected . Bad example.
So...are you still in politics?
Like you taking the money of working americans and giving it to bums? Like that?
Venezuela.  It took only 17 years to achieve this socialist hell.
Additionally, if I have to show my ID to exercise my second amendment rights, people should have to do the same to vote.
Yep get out Bernie
Ok so when are u leaving??
You are the real Natzi
Well said Bernie so get out sit down shut up!!
When can we expect your resignation? #liberalhypocricy
No such luck. Unless they throw his old useless butt in prison. Our politicians are toxic & killing this country.
So long Bernie! U lost because the DNC is corrupt, and your ideas sucked!  Yeah, U should have retired a long time ago sir! Bye!
Off you go then mate. Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
Have you ever thought about Running for President of Venezuela and trying your ideas there?
Heed that advice Bernie
