Well make the prostitutes and recreational abortion patients donate for every life they take.
Abortions are not federally funded.  Women do pay for that procedure, but you can donate if you are interested. #plannedParenthood
Planned parenthood is federally funded. Don't even go there. Planned parenthood should be for preventative and education, but not abortion.
Some planned parenthood clinics provide abortions. Yes, All provide badly needed health services. The one drop rule should not apply here.
Not worth it. Blinded by willful ignorance. Can't see, can't learn, won't accept facts. Cannot comprehend the truth.
I hope your not taking to me. One I am very well educated and I don't just run with what people just say, I do my research.
Religion is not research. Religion is mythology. Follow your morals for yourself. Mine are mine alone. I will follow those., not yours.
Philosophers then came into play. Research the first discovery of humans. I can recommend a scholarly book.
Fact check on Planned Parenthood: 100% of successful abortions result in the death of a human being.
Do nothing except promote abortion

Yes!  This grinning fool has no idea what he is talking about!
https://classicmoderate.com/2017/06/26/defunding-planned-parenthood-may-be-a-bad-idea/ …
Facts and the GOP/Cassidy aren't on speaking terms these days.
That's fine let the Hollywood liberal elitists fund them then!  No tax dollars for killing babies and selling the body parts!
Of course Bern supports PP. It was founded by a raging progressive who believed in eliminating inferior segments of the population.
Planned parenthood are a bunch of baby killers
Wherever planned parenthood is it is undeserved when millions of babies are killed each year by them.
Margaret Sanger's eugenics dream coming to fruition.  Great job PP.
In lysistrata, the women of athens withheld sex to stop the peloponnesian war...thoughts during #HealthCareDebate #IStandWithPP
Please keep calling @lisamurkowski Sen Paul is negotiating to change his vote to Yes. We need one more NO vote to defeat #GrahamCassidy bill
Trumpers....Rs want U dead...... cost effective, u know...
Fact check on @BillCassidy, it appears he’s an uninformed, misogynistic buffoon...
Sorry, R's dont deal n Facts,they deal n MONEY, those rurals areas that do have HC clinics NOW,wld surely lose them w/State BG's,nt enuf $
Thoughts?
...and killing babies by tearing them apart limb by limb in utero.
That may be so but you don't do mammograms for them and other vital preventative care but you sure will do abortions for them.
I drink a lot so can I buy a liver?
Do you think anti-abortionists are honest?
PPH advocating for any type of healthcare is like Dahmer picketing a Butcher Shop
@nwprogressive @BillCassidy another reprieve for women, children, the poor, and all Americans w/ pre-existing conditions.Thnx @PPVNH
Reminder 2 RW-ur tax $ DO NOT PAY 4 ABORTIONS.HYDE AMENDMENT 1976
Do ur fucking homework.Stop listening 2 liars+using social media as source
Fact Check: Planned Parenthood murders unplanned babies and does NOT perform a single abortion to save the life of the mother. #abortion
What better way to control the population of the poor. Good job PP
Fact check you guys keep aborted fetuses alive to harvest organs.
When you are trying to take something away you lie if you are the GOP
He is your typical smug conservative. I assure you he does not care about women's health or access to care.
I called bullshit on that one as well!!  Planned Parenthood is available in MANY MANY areas and GUESS WHAT.. They also offer services 4 MEN!

Yeah I called bullshit on that too.
Facts mean nothing to him. Only thing that matters is what the bosses say.
Getting a pap smear in Alabama this year is non-existant if you have medicaid/medicare. Only those that are pregnant are getting care
Key word "Alabama"
Not comforting, I live here and I don't want to die of cancer
But, but, but, Cassidy is a physician; he just forgot the Hippocratic Oath-it's so complicated
That’s because Margaret Sanger, your founder, wanted to eliminate low income earners, particularly black people.
Yeah we get it, you want less black people.
#DoNoHarmToBabies
#obamacare not working? Millions of ppl want out of the forced scam. You don't deserve those fancy cars!
Founded by a eugenicist who wanted to kill minorities Kills minority babies at a disproportionate rate. Corrects a guy to make aure he knows
That's fine!  It's not up to the government to give Planned Parenthood money!  I don't want my money paying for abortions or baby body parts
He is such a liar. Maybe why he chose politics over medicine, personal preference.
You don't know what he has done as a doctor!
Yes, because that is the main market for your deadly product.
So baffling. He seemed to suggest that throngs of OBGYNs are in rural areas but PP is taking their business?

Um....WHAT?!

#CNNdebate
Is McConnell going to bring this atrocity to the floor for a vote?  I can't tell if they are dropping it yet.
So the poor can more-easily terminate a human life--with impunity. Margaret Sanger would be proud of the "selection" process.
Pompous @BillCassidy is telling WOMEN what 2 do w/their bodies while strutting around the stage like a peacock. His smirk tells it all.
And it looks like a woman is going to stop him. Sweet revenge
Get a grip - do what you want w your body leave EVERYONE else's alone.
because you can never have enough abortion for profit centers
Let's get PP out off 100% of all areas!
What he said was beyond not factual- it was race-bating at its finest. That's the @gop response to every issue. "Urban areas" = dog whistle

Who won the Healthcare Debate?

@CNN Save #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #HealthCareDebate #TakeAKnee #earthquake #GrahamCassidy
And killing folks at their locations. Lovely.
Wait. Forgot not all locations kill babies.
To abort the minorities like Margaret Sanger intended.
Did you see the eye roll of the woman who questioned him when he said probably her PP center, and other PP centers were in major cities?
(sarcasm alert) That's OK! Those health centers can easily be relocated inside Walmart. Right next to the pinball machines and optometrist.
Also, his clear concern for Planned Parenthood in "urban areas." Hmmmm, I wonder what he meant by that. #racismagainindisguise
He absolutely lied
It’s cute that you pretend it’s altruism,  when in reality it’s a racist and greedy strategy. And by cute I mean deceitful.
My thoughts. I don't think the majority of these people understand the concept of drgs and the fact that their tax $$ do not cover abortion
Tax dollars absolutely cover abortions. Money is fungible. #DoNoHarmToBabies
Not in healthcare currently. They get reimbursed based on DRGs. This is strictly enforced and monitored. Thus my comments.
Money is fungible.
Thank you I was just screaming this at the tv
SAME

I know! Thanks for all you do to educate people!
Thx for exposing lies and the liars that tell them.
Thank you for that. I thought that sounded cray.
Crazy and racist. I guess sexism wasn't enough.
Does Planned Parenthood pay taxes?
It’s a non profit entity.
