Better tell "your friend" @SenBernie. He seems MORE involved in self indulgence of HIS bill MFA. Even touring. DETERMINED TO HURT DEMS/ACA!
All Dems & left-leaning indys need to embrace each other and work together!
Hve serious ? w/ Bernie. Somethings up. Touring on MFA b4 ACA 9/30 vote. Why? OUR REVOLUTION (Bernie) claimed organized Dreamer protest-why?
The Democratic Party needs an overhaul. Most dems right now are spineless neoliberals who care more about gaining #s than actual change
Yes, but are not going 2 b overhauled by man advertised by Brietbart, doesn't release tx retrns and WILL NOT expln $10M single donation!
Get with the program or get pushed out of the way.
GET OUT OF WAY? This is what MY generation and generations before me of Liberals, DID FOR YOU!
Lol! You're taking credit for women's lib, desegregation and civil rights?! Typical Boomer taking credit for stuff their parents did.
I am shouting my support for you! Your work makes me a proud Californian every single day.
Franken/Harris, Schiff/Harris, S.Brown/Harris, Harris/Kennedy, so many maybe even Gillebrand/Harris, for sure HARRIS! 2020!

Fight for her!!
Thank you.
She is adorable and deserves insurance and life and happiness. You deserve less stress and to get rid of the GOP
Thank you, so do we all.
Cute kid. Just think about the 900+ abortions Planned Parenthood does every day, those babies will never grow up. That's sickening.

Ok Debra, keep believing that.  Enjoy supporting the murder of innocent babies who will never grow up. SICKENING!!
They are keeping it hidden again and that’s never a good thing. Why not work it with all people of USA, or at least doctors, hospitals ceo?
Hope you run for President one day.  We need someone like u who’s smart and fights for our rights.  I’d vote for u.
Oh yes! We don't want all those babies creeping around the earth in pursuit of life and liberty. 
You're in league with murderers.
Did you hear his speach
Defund Planned Parenthood, largest killer of preborn human beings … good start.


It will save millions of lives. Only the people who don't want or need insurance will lose it. Obama care. #misinformation
Millions? Lol.... Lying again Kamala......
Keep those calls going-it makes a difference.
Why should taxpayers pay for planned parenthood? Lets fund chiropractors. Also, NO politicians should be exempt from ObamaCare.
Defending PP is good thing. BTW, have you apologised to our President for your wiretap comments, yet?  Hmmm?
If Planned Parenthood or any other private business can't stand on its own without my tax dollars then they should ALL close! #NannyState
It's a non-profit & most federal funds it receives come through Medicaid, not your tax dollars.
So remind me: where do you think Medicaid gets its funds from?
Everyone knows Medicaid gets its funds from the magical giving tree that grows $1000.00 bills in place of leaves. #UsefullidiotsStrikeAgain
I understand that what we pay into Medicaid is a tax. My bad on the phrasing.
The point I was trying to make (and I'll admit I didn't do it well) is that Medicaid doesn't pay for abortions in almost states.
I am sick of old/white/rich/male @GOP telling me what I can/can't do with my vagina, laughing while I go bankrupt trying to keep it healthy.
The white man is after your vagina? I don't think so...keep dreaming.
Soros already gave Planned Parenthood Big Bucks just to thumb his nose at everyone...
Shout on behalf of the unborn who don't have a voice.
Defunding PP is a GOOD thing. Very good thing.
Sounds like you're jealous!  Why?  Don't you like who your party has become?  No one was in the pockets of big pharma more than repubs.
Better rethink that.  Ever bother to check Bernie's campaign monies?  He was top 20 for most taken from big pharma!!
I understand some people are stuck on playing the blame others game. Bernie has never been POTUS.  Google George Bush Big Pharma.
The point is that he took all of that $ while running for president.  You cannot be against big Pharma while lining your pockets with their$
The point?  What point?  The Medicare Bill of 2003 under George W. Bush sealed that deal.
At least Hillary has always been critical of the big Pharma,even as she accepted their donations, as did Bernie. Not Trump. He wants a wall!
Defunding Planned Parenthood would  be awful
We'd be overrun with the children they are killing
& where would bio-biz get fetal body parts?

AHC plan rates going up 40% this next year.  its imploding.  Remember Pelosi. we will read it after its signed. Unsustainable Tax on people.
My senators care more about party than country 
Defund PP. Great, stop soilent green marketers.

Defunding #Planned Parenthood is one of the most important things to do. There are better ways to obtain #healthcare #StopKillingBabies
That's right, kill all the living people instead of allowing a woman to make a very personal, private decision to terminate a pregnancy.
Nobody is killing babies
Pardon. Killing human ppl at the fetal stage.
@SenateGOP Stop ruining our healthcare single payer insurance, if Canada can do it we can do it. Cut out CEO overpaid salaries, pharmaceutic
Canada ?  Home of 37 million asians and white people.  Nothing like here.
I will keep shouting. GOP is deaf. They don't care about us, at all. Let's end this once and for all.
It's about wiping out Obama's Legacy !!!

We won.  Repeal Obamacare.
If u call Trump's landslide 3 million vote lost to Hillary a Win then u sir are a Alternative facts nitwit
It also impacts employer based insurance. It is evil and so are they
You should consent rate on fixing Ca.
You are good at that. The shouting part.
let it collapse because the PEOPLE are going to hang all the politicians anyway.Dem, Repub, ALL OF YOU &We'll Sort you ALL out later w/Banks
Lol Shout all you want loser
Yr paltry's had 7 yrs 2 repair ACA & 44 months of its operatn; yet, it faces implosion. Yr paltry claims 8 mos of DJT engendered disaster.
We are shouting 4 the end of Ovomitscare! Skyrockeeting deductibles/prems, fleeg insurers, & driving beneficiaries 2 Medicaid! Loathesome.
We need to #DumpTheDems and #BuildAWorkersParty. When we do that we will be able to do a hell of a lot more than just "shout truth to power"
I am shouting that I do not want my tax dollars going to support an abortion clinic like Planned Parenthood.
Good riddens to Planned Parenthood!  If you truly care about women and humanity l, come up with a program without abortions in it!
Do a little research before you start with the "if you truly care" stuff. Also, judge not lest ye be judged? Doesn't apply to you?
People who say, "do a little research" are usually  the self centered, egotistical, know-it-all's.  I AM for defunding planned parenthood!
People who make snap judgements about others and insult them rather than try to grow or learn anything usually suck. The most. Of all people
Everyone if you can't get through on the phone lines because the voicemail is full then Tweet and Facebook. #MedicareForAll
The holocaust in America. Millions of fully formed babies killed every year for profit in our country. Funding abortion is wrong. 
How can someone old enough to vote be this misinformed? It's very scary.
That's the only part of it I'd vote for. #DEFUNDPlannedABORTIONHOOD  You want to kill your baby, you pay for it! No taxpayer  to fund PP
Those of us who voted for President Trump, voted to DEFUND ABORTION PERIOD  NO tax dollars to a big money making business killing babies!
Planned Parenthood should be defunded.
Does it physically hurt you to tell the truth? There has to be some reason to explain why everything you say is a flat out LIE!!
What now??  Any response??
You're a liar you knew about our president being wiretapped and LIED to us all #shameful

Claims that #GrahamCassidy-Heller-Johnson doesn't cover pre-existing conditions -- #FakeNews on steroids! https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/910641701064204288 …
Here we go. Defund planned parenthood!
Yes, just sleep your way to the top. Oops did I say sleep
Strange humm, you along other two jyst voten in favor of the defense bill. Hypocrite much?
If Planned Parenthood can afford to donate to Democrat campaigns, it NEEDS to be DEFUNDED.
We don't want to pay for the murder of babies. We have integrity.
This is your main concern?
With  all of Trump's handling of the, USA?
Why fund plan parenthood when everyone will have access to health care with Obamacare.
I've shouting at other Senators, yet feel confident my senator (you!) gets it. But just in case, @KamalaHarris, Vote No on Graham-Cassidy!
Thank you, Madam President.
We need to defund planned parenthood. I don't want to pay for it.
"For every 1,000 live births, non-Hispanic black women had 420 abortions. Non-Hispanic white women had 121 abortions /1,000 live births. "
Defund Planned Parenthood is what we have been screaming for!
Kamala- get on tv- gop are blocking tweets from Americans- just want to pass their insane bill- use whatever necessary to get out the word
Encouraging contraception helps make abortion rare reduce healthcare burden & alleviate cycle of poverty & crime.  GOP group of psychopaths.
Oh so it's a shouting match you want? AHHHHHHHHH AHHHHH I'm beating you AHHHHH
Our faces. My husband -heart attack survivor, Elk Grove, CA
Her face. 15 years old. Agorophbic, debilitating anxiety w/panic attacks. Dependent on mental health care.
His face. My son. Anaphalxys. Severe and life threatening food allergies. Must carry epinephrine at all times.
My son , 11 years old.
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!
Who are YOU to make this statement? You just voted to shift MORE funding to the military-industrial complex. You're a hypocrite!
