Spoiler: there was. Let's move on to impeachment
The problem is that it's not against the law.
Colluding with a hostile foreign power to steal an election isn't an impeachable offense?! Lying to Congress? Endangering the republic? No?
A hostile foreign power is a term of art, We are not at war with Russia. And how  was the election stolen? Influence isn't theft. Who lied?
Voter rolls were stolen & provided to Russia, fake news crafted. @mikefarb1 is proving that voting machines were hacked & votes changed.
Fake news is another word for propaganda and again it's not illegal, in fact the US is one of the worst perveyors.
If you're ready to read, try @LouiseMensch @TrickFreee @TrueFactsStated @20committee @RVAwonk @TeaPainUSA @PuestoLoco and others.
Mensch, Schindler, and Claude Taylor are all charlatans. You should stop taking them seriously.
Why would GOP possibly block the special prosecutor when they know it would finally provide trust & credibility (& finality) to this issue?
How much Russian money did Hillary pay you to endorse her ? Guessing enough for your third home
@BernieSanders is a typical lying politician.
He proved that when he joined Hillary after being screwed out of the Dem Nomination! POS
I know the perfect guy!!!
Obama's not qualified.
Sad but true….
Agreed
Free stuff not working anymore?
Coming from you that means so little.
Wheres the special investigation to find out if Hillary cheated you in the primary? Or did she already pay you for that? @SenSanders
The handyman and Mail what is Salvation Army Lower Earley
Got it Bernie now please shut up for a few days
There is currently a petition to impeach Donald Dump here:
How many investigations should we have? All so far have garnered zip, zero, Nada.
Just like we need one for Hillary and all she did to screw you and people during election and Benghazi. But Comey/Barack covered that up.
And Trump, not taxpayers, should have to pay for it.
Yet no special prosector for Hillary Clinton's illegal private email server with TOP SECRET//SPECIAL ACCESS PROGRAMS on it, right? #SellOut
We need a special investigator to research the DNC staffer's murder! It was not a Radom robbery, nor Russia. May lead to Clintons.
You already have 3 separate investigations turning up squat
Let me think about it...NO!
We need #IndependentInvestigation  prosecutor only is legal issues
meh, concentrate on the real. Seth Rich was murdered.
You need to be concerned about your wife who is under investigation for fraud, which implicates you sell out Bernie
Bernie, you are embarrassing yourself and your movement. @wikileaks released info on how #ClintonCorruption & #DNC stopped u from winning.
Mr.sanders:I don't believe this,but-if true-how is it unlawful?
We need a special prosecutor to determine whether there was collusion between the HILLARY campaign and Russia. #CNNTownHall
Can we have a president with integrity in 2020 pls?
Nope don't need that.  Seems like when we want special prosecutor due to FBI bias its nuts.  How's the bern feel?
You need special ed, but not a special prosecutor.
You are so right
You have no credible source to prove collusion and you have no reliable source to enforce impeachment @realDonaldTrump is our Prez GIVE UP
Take a seat Bernie, just like you did when Hillary told you to in the election.
How about an investigation into the DNC rigging the primaries against their most electable candidate, you?
Ask Seth Rich (AKA Russia) his laptop has the evidence. Why won't DNC turn over server? ZERO evidence, your rhetoric is sickening.
STOP LYING TO AMERICA. YOU ONCE SPOKE TRUTH !!! WTF BERNIE ?
DON'T YOU READ ? THE CIA, NSA, JULIAN ASSANGE & JUDGE NAPOLITANO ALL SAID THE E-MAILS ARE FROM SETH RICH the DNC I.T./Emp Mgr.Murdered in DC
#RememberSethRICH
Venezuela is calling...
We already know there was collusion. We need a special prosecutor to get the details and indict. Congress isn't going to do it!
what counts as collusion?
dear senator " collusion " ?D J Trump needs no help from outside! He wins because he knows how to win like former PM Jhon Howard
At this point, perhaps it would be best for pres. Trump to resign so we can get on with other issues
Absolutely
Jail #Bush, #Cheney, #Obama, #Clinton, et al, for war-crimes in #Iraq, #Afghanistan, #Libya, #Syria, and then we'll talk about #Trump.
@Bernie Sanders.. Seems smoke hasn't hid anything but corrupt Democrates who will say or do anything against @POTUS
We don't even have proof that Russia did anything.  Why would we go straight to who colluded with them?
You already said that today do you have issues Bernie?
Bernie, boobala, "Determine Collusion?"..Sweetheart, this putz, has dipped his dick in anything/everything he could make $$$ on!
Yes we do.  Kasich is a joke.  Love you B!!  
Why don't you shut up and get to work?
No, we need common sense folks to stand-up against tyranny and fundamental Christians to stop making excuses for Trump.
We definitely know that there was collusion of the DNC and a murderer to kill #SethRich
More wasted tax payer money ...
You need a crime and perpetrator for there to be a prosecutor you fraud
We need a special prosecutor to investigate #DNCElectionFraud #ElephantInTheRoom #SethRich #DemExit
DNC refused to surrender servers for FBI forensic exam  Russian fiction crafted on unseen servers. #DNCFraud #SethRich
And a Special Prosecutor to get to the bottom of Hillary Clinton, Obama, GW Bush and the Saudis and all their expensive collusions.
No we don't
A reasonable precaution, though not this American's main concern.
Sen Sanders, we Trump Supporters like U. Plz don't ruin this. Plz help Boss @realDonaldTrump help America Great Again Thank U Sir 
he say gov cant do their job , their old obsolete etc . its really a push for one world gov
#sethrich wasn't Russian.  He supported you.
Dont 4get bout Uranium sale..for millions in Clinton foundation..Russia
This is no about Trump campaign anymore. There are mobsters, Russian muppets inside the White House.
Ya think?
It's been 7 months and you still haven't found anything. Be a man and accept the fact that your party lost.
Thank God we have good men like Bernie & John to seek up for us.
Impeach him Bernie.
I think you need the lord
You know there wasnt. You are just obsessed.
Is our government so incompetent that it does nit have ability to collect evidence without a political figure head
Republicans wamted the same thing for Hillary's email investigation...... but i guess we dont get what we want all the time
There are plenty of entities investigating. By the way, who is paying for all of this?
OMG! Again?
Bernie, I know you've only been in the senate for 75 yrs, but you need a CRIME to have a special prosecutor. See how that works?
You need to seek professional help! #WhereIsSethRich ??
Old argument, a new one?
It'd be nice to see you tweet about the DNC emails showing collusion against you instead you tow the line, thanks alot Bernie u let me down
Let it go
The blatant deceit displayed by this buffoon is grounds enough for impeachment This country is in grave danger #bernieorbust #GENERALSTRIKE
Why? What is the probable cause? Are you suggesting that police state tactics are acceptable in the United States?
#sethrich
So what crime has proven 2 b committed? Groupthink mentality dumbs down every 1 of the #leftist #liberals
1 #fact :leaking is illegal
Duh....
there has to be a crime first you goofballs y'all really don't know the law do you.
We need a special prosecutor for the DNC.
But Bernie ..... you just said in another Tweet "there is no doubt" about the collusion .... so why do you need an investigator?
We alreadyy know there was, we just need it lawfully laid out so he can be exiled
we need him removed from office now!
Given all that's happened lately it's hard to believe this was tweeted today, in May. It's, like, SO January.
Push hard, Bernie. The US needs it
Yes!!
Talk to the GOP Senators who still have a moral sense
No you need a nursing home.
Nope- independent commission or bust
Bernie is the GOP aiding and abetting a criminal? Isn't this illegal. Normal person would go to jail for this
This is so old news and you of all people had your tail between your legs are the DNC convention . How many house did they buy for you?
Whether?  Dang you are too nice sometimes!
@JohnKasich TRUMP IS A LIAR! Just say it!!!
Yessss!!!!
again captain obvious the noon democrat pipes up. I think  Bernie needs a psych screen for dementia
No, we need a special prosecutor for #SethRich
There is proven collusion between the DNC and the Hillary campaign against YOU! But you're to stupid to care or you were paid off
a special prosecutor is required to investigate your wife's role in the fraud at her former employer
What about the DNC interference in Dem primary?
For sure!
No, we don't, Bernie! That's a waste of our money! We've already concluded that traitor is as guilty as sin! Now, we must impeach him!
FBI and Congress are more than able to reveal what is or is not there
Maybe you should try standing up for yourself. The Dems screwed you bigly and you're still on their team.
I dont!!!
Despite the echos of ZERO EVIDENCE.  We need to investigate election meddling by the @DNC and @CNN.  Traitors to the American people
The thing is we don't need a special prosecutor. Anyone with eyes will do
PROTEST!!!! TONIGHT!!!!!!  #traitortrump #ComeyMemo #TheResistance #protest 
Bernie, we need a special psychiatrist to see if your stable enough to remain in the Senate.
still more stable then traitortrump who acts like he is senile 90% of the time
I love you Bernie @BernieSanders
Lol, "whether"
Truth is we dont need that , we know that for a fact already !
Please pay close attention to the #OBOR initiative & it's major players: Putin, Xi, Duterte, Erdogan & ties to #Trump & #Kushner
Perhaps you haven't been paying attention. It's too late for special prosecutor. #ImpeachTrump
So let me get this straight, we have NK building nukes to hit USA and your worried about this?  Yeah ok
Yeah. Since last July, no evidence! But there's a better chance the investigation of your wife will produce an indictment.

Absolutely. Anyone who opposes this is being unamerican. If there was collusion between Trump campaign & Russia than a basic pillar of our
democracy that is free & fair elections has been violated. This should concern us all even Trump supporters @JoyAnnReid @MHarrisPerry
Between the Administration and Congress?
"Sanders is the longest serving independent in U.S. congressional history."
Are U suggesting that our justice department is to inept to finish the job or do you just want stretch this "Russia" thing out longer.
We need an investigation on the investigation
There wasn't and you know this - but do check on the conflicts of interests
That would be about time I would say
Special independent prosecutor should be either Comey or Yates, why not both, one can be co special prosecutor.
Gee ya think?
Really? Can you stop it with that crap and investigate it yourselfs. You are he Senate and this is now a matter of national security.
okay how do we do this?
We need to get the investigation of your wife done first
How many times are you going to post this same exact thing, Bernie's Media Person?
Don't remember him calling 4 this when Hillary under investigation. Bernie NEEDS to get away from dems
Or if @HillaryClinton had #SethRich killed. #DNCleak
Don't just make obv statements. "Demand a special..." Be forceful with intent. Otherwise you're a slightly higher ABV% version of McCain.
You know, I think we need to arrest the man now, to hell with the position. There's always precedent. You don't openly betray our country.
Even if #Russia got WikiIeaks to publish their hack they still wouldn't need Trump for that.

Tell us why the DNC primary turnout was low.
.SenSanders You joined RESIST(ANCE). Why are you such a hateful old man? There is collusion only hatred. World knows it. Why continual lies?
Who believes this crap? So sick of this I've had it!! Race baiting ass
Why is it you parrot the #Democrats daily talking points rather than being original?  Just asking....
Sooner rather than later please! 45 has got to go! He is leaving his funky cheeto stains everywhere and it will take forever to clean it up!
Impeach that Russian puppet and his croods already!
How about looking into a murder in Washington that will show a DNC employee was a leak? Not sure who did it... very similar to many others
The possible obstruction of justice is the thing now. Tax evasion is what brought down Capone, just go with the sure out.
Seth Rich was leaking E- mails to Wikileaks and the DNC took care of him! It was not Russia!
Like, duh!
stick to the real issues like universal healthcare and no tax breaks for the rich
and for your environmental news speak with @DrReeseHalter and his friends please
How are you tweeting and debating at the same time? That's next level shit.
Not really I mean it's basically confirmed you know
START CREATING PRESSURE!  Enlist others. Be the leader all of us hoped for !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No evidence you are completely unhinged. You need to resign right away
No, we don't, but we DO NEED someone to investigate the MURDER of SETH RICH!
Bernie needs to pay more than 13% in income taxes - hes a fraud
@SenGillibrand correct. But for now you know the Right Wing know GOP still support Trump. But some are silent, some Right Wing GOP don't
Realized. When the Right Wing GOP going to realize. Trump is under investigation Trump / Russia probe more. Saying
What about #SethRich #DNCLeaks? Are facts allowed anymore? Or just tired narratives?
The earth is round - there are 8 round planets and poor round pluto - the earth is not the center of the universe, pls vax your kids for us
