Why do Canadian people come to the United States for treatment so they don't have to wait in Canada?
The better question is not why, but when. The answer is 'rarely'.
.As Cdn dr,I can say that Cdns often go to US for care.2wks ago SickKidsHospital was within 1 premature birth of sending ICU babies to US
Often? That doesn't tell us anything. 1 a day could be often. How often? Statistics? Studies?
https://www.fraserinstitute.org/studies/waiting-your-turn-wait-times-for-health-care-in-canada-2016 …
Even if you take the Fraser Institute study estimate of 63,459 Canadians seeking non emergency medical care 'abroad' in 2016
and pretend they all sought care in the US, that's still less than 0.2% of the Canadian population seeking care here. That isn't too common.
It is common enough for the patient who is off work waiting for surgery
.When you reference any Professional like this we need credentials. 

We don't believe your lies & propaganda 
Ok, then here is a Canadian who can attest to and swear by what is being said in both this tweet and the attached video. It is real and true
And not propaganda in the least, but you won't believe me either so I suppose trying to convince you is pointless.
Oh and by the way, I had CT scans etc. 40 plus years ago and DIDN'T have to wait in line to get them done. Go figure.
That was FORTY YRS AGO.Just Ontario alone has almost 1 million people without a Family Doctor.Canada system is/has collapsed.Look to Europe
There are NO family doctors in Ontario? Really, can you please quote some source for this incredible information?
I didn't say NO family doctors.It is a well-known fact that >800,000 Ontarians do not have a family doctor.
I quote, "just Ontario alone has almost 1 million people without a Family Doctor." Your words, not mine Gerry and you restate it just above.
Single payer can work, just that it has to be well organized to avoid the long wait times. More doctors, RNs and  "Doc-in-the-Box " clinics.
Only Canada and N.Korea have single payer.Know the difference between Govt Monopoly & Govt Safety Net with private option
This is what you want "private" so you can  make a lot of money! Please move to the States
I just want Canadians & my American friends to have good health care.I have nothing to gain except wish for quality care.I retired 2 yrs ago
So please please if you are retired, go to the States and they will take care of you elderly years. It is totally unfair to speak like that.
You don't like what I say so you tell me to move out of Canada,where I was born,raised & worked all my life.What a ridiculous thing to say
And because I am sure you will be totally happy in the States! Talking bad about your country, is like talking bad about your family!
No it's not I love my country so I am warning my countrymen about our failing healthcare system.And warning my US friends too.
Who pays for this Senator? Nothing is free... who picks up the tab? How much would I be expected to pay in taxes for "free" healthcare?
Universal health care is cheaper than the current system. The Government would save $17 trillion over the next 10 years if they went with single payer.
I doubt that. Nothing the government does is cost-effective. We are 20 trillion in debt with no one able or willing to curb spending and entitlements... I believe single payer will only add to this...
The evidence shows this in other countries where they spend less per capita and they cover everybody. This graph points to something uniquely wrong about the US health care system.
When the Government covers health care, it's more efficient than relying on for-profit insurance companies who price-gouge the American people.
That’s why insurance reform is necessary... not an overhaul...
No, it's why single payer health care is needed. Every other modern nation has tried it and they're doing way better than the US.
I disagree... but we can still be agreeable... 

And how does that relate to health outcomes?  US costs per person are higher; opioid death rates are higher; life expectancy is lower.

But yay patents
Without over explaining, those patents are for medicines and treatments developed in the USA. The healthcare systems of the world exist as they are because we lead the industry. We lead because our hospitals and companies have the money to finance research.
Today a slipped on ice and fell. My wife drove me to the hospital and I had a xray within 15 minutes and a cast within 90 minutes (broken fibula). Here's a picture of my bill and the bill to my insurance company. Crappy Canadian health system...
That looks just like a paycheck after that taxes that buys that healthcare too.
You'd be both wrong and sadly misinformed. Total annual federal and provincial income taxes <30% and I'm top tax bracket. 

Keep believing universal health care is "too expensive" - it isn't.
For a population below 50 million, maybe. In the United States we have six times that number and our companies need to pay to research and develop new meds.

And if yours was so good you wouldn’t have thousands coming to the US every year. https://www.fraserinstitute.org/sites/default/files/leaving-canada-for-medical-care-2015.pdf …
You bore me. The fact that you come at me after days passing off a meme as your own shows you as not worth my time debating.
Assuming you're referring to Charlie Gard. His disease was medically impossible to cure and has no bearing on how good/bad health care in the UK is.
And I love how people like Gayle scaremonger about death courts held by Governments, but show no concern about the death courts held by medical insurance companies who are inclined to deny health care as much as possible.
I am struggling to understand what you have written. Medical insurance companies deny health care to boost their profits and people die as a result. Charlie Gard was a different story, he was going to die regardless of what treatment he could have received.
Only one big problem though. Sometimes you must wait over a year before your appointment to see a doctor is granted!
Those are for elective procedures. Non-urgent treatment are put on hold in favour of urgent treatments.
The thing about America is it is the land that invented comic books, body slams, QB sacks, and "owning". Doing hard necessary things with quiet dignity are not in the American DNA. See LeBron James or Trump and their inane self congratulations.
My mom had cancer. Was treated in Toronto. Had 8 hospital, 1 hospice stays. We paid a few hundred $ for meds. Govt paid rest. #grateful
In Canada Everyone is in debt beyond bankruptcy rather than the few that actually get sick . Don't kid yourself
Comparing the countries with universal health care, Canada ranks near the bottom in wait times. Wait times top ranked Germany do not exist.
How about telling why so many wait for care in Canada and are taxed high rates for inadequate Healthcare which many Canadians flock to USA
We don't. Tax rates aren't really high and health care is good.
Plattsburgh NY, thousands of Canadians come to U.S. to save hundreds of dollars to beat Canada's high taxes rate
The Canadians pay more taxes for this but it's so worth it.
We are motivated by GREED.  We prefer get $10.00 more in our paycheck instead of getting service for $ 30.00
Better than actual Medicare because we pay deductibles and must carry supplemental insurance to cover a percentage of out of pocket costs.
However Medicare is infinitely better than the private for profit insurance system we have in the US now. It is shameful the US lacks HC4all
My mothers Medicare was horrible. Turned away from doctors even with expensive supplemental.
Not an expert on single payer but skeptical it's the best solution. A little checking about things I do know is that Canadians spend roughly 42% of their income on taxes. Also they are back to deficit budgets which are deferred taxes. The culprit seems to be their healthcare.
When receive treatment in Canada no customer service or negotiation of care. Cost maybe $100 u get about $10value. No motivation to improve
Liar. Canada does not cover all diseases. If you have your own insurance,you will survive. If you do not have one, the struggle
And you go to specialist if you have an insurance or you pay full on your own.
Bernie! Move to Canada  you will love it . Ask them if they come to USA when sick! Yes they do
Population of Canada: 36.29 million. # of ppl that went to U.S. for medical care in 2016: 52, 513.
0.15% of the population.
"I never trust a doctor I have to pay" Ernest Hemingway.
I have this quote too: "He who charges nothing is worth nothing"
Canadian doctors do charge something. They just don’t charge the patient.
I was just replying to Flak's Hemingway quote not making any other point.
LIAR. Trying to fool us. My friend in Montreal needed a mammogram. 6 month wait. Could have died. Paid for private HC. Any1 w/$ pays private
wow. toronto..i'm REMINDED for my mammograms each year. and when i call to make my appt, they ask ME when it's convenient for me..
Wow Canada sounds euphoric! Enjoy it. A bit Too cold for me.
Would love to see statistics regarding numbers and causes of death comparing US and EU numbers.
Proofs can be found looking at life expectancy and infant mortality stats. http://bit.ly/1LjieDy  & http://bit.ly/1JfLj5i 
Not really. That doesn't control for US being unhealthy because of diet and life style. Only recovery stats are meaningful to judge care.
Do you gave any stars on that?
Read "Low Life Expectancy in the United States: Is the Health Care System at Fault"
For example they present significantly better 5 year survival rates for many cancers, US v Europe
So is your point that better recovery rates from specific conditions is more indicative of a system than overall longevity of population?
It applies to many more conditions than cancer. He ask for an example.
I am happy to pay my taxes when the benefit is free healthcare.  Keep fighting, @SenSanders!!
Very interesting!!
For those decrying long wait times in the Cdn system: The time from my kidney cancer being detected in an ER, to MRI and CT scans to confirm, and then to surgery, was about nine weeks. Yes, some elective surgeries for knee & hip replacements are long, but those are exceptions
Never had to wait, even a day to see my doctor. Being referred to a specialist can take more time, however if it is an emergency, you can just go to the hospital, no problem.
I am now a Canadian citizen and is proud to contribute to our healthcare system. 
Ask any Canadian on the street and they'll tell you the system is not perfect but please don't touch our healthcare
I am an American living in Toronto Canada, before moving here I had no health care. The very day I moved to Canada I was given healthcare I was shocked to think a country which borders America provides healthcare for its citizens but America doesn't...
What about medication costs & payments?
Haha, slight flub at 1:03. That's not an Ontario health card, it's a Visa!
I hope it works for the best
Fake Propaganda from the stupidest Presidential Candidate in U.S. History
The worst candidate in history unfortunately is your current preseident.  

Sorry man. That just sucks.
Set your alarm clocks to 10am Toronto,  @SenSanders is coming to town!
U.S. Senator @SenSanders will be @UofT on Oct. 29 to discuss "medicare for all." Registration opens tomorrow 10am: http://ow.ly/HD5a30fZEdx  
No gracias! I'll keep my private insurance I work hard for thank you very much!
Great. Enjoy paying for lobbyists, the CEO's mansion, the shareholders' dividends, the advertising and the big office buildings. I know my money goes to doctors, nurses and hospitals.
Said the corrupt obamacare lobbyist...Look around the world, everything you socialists (communists) touch is completely turned to shit! You and your ilk were rejected & this is why we are approaching 4% GDP...You should move to Venezuela
He’s right ...
Their instance co.'s aren't on the NYSE answer to investors and greedy Board with golden paracutes, Bernie had the right idea Medicare 4 all
That is what humanitarian is about. Caring for one another
True patriotism would have meant no US and British rule forever.
It was resistance to Government that created the U.S in the first place.
Me saying that the US Healthcare system in its current form is atrocious will mean weak patriots (cowards) will say I/m a communist lol
Great typo!! Many apologies!!
They geo shortchanged in manufacturing so invade countries to steal wealth. Their system is totally sustained by war. Never been at peace.
I went to Cuba in 2002 and their healthcare system and education for medical students puts the US to shame. The US monotised humanity.
The issue is these giant insurance companies who make money from people's misery will hopefully get cut out of the loop. Which causes trolls
Can we mention the crisis in Ontario right now... we have no hospital beds... nursing care in hallways=NOT great

Why don’t you get Vermont to secede and join Canada, seems like a winning situation for everyone
my Canadian friends say  this jackwagon is lying thru his teeth!   Nice try Bernie 
I think I dated this guy once... The world gets tinier, yet.
Before Obamacare less than 10 percent of Americans didn’t have affordable care
Oh Benny what does the Canadian Dr. Know about practicing in America he's Canadian.
Knowing Canadians, as I do. The Canadian middle class pay 40% in taxes.
3-Without pharma R&D in USA, new discoveries / advances would dwindle to SQUAT. Enrollment in hospice at age 75 would be encouraged
2- Canada, UK, others rely on meds at cost from USA.Big trouble would LOOM 4 other countries relying on cheap meds riding coat tails of USA
1-Universal Health Care in USA would be horrible not only for USA but for the entire world. Pharma would no longer have funds for R and D
The main words he said Your evaluated according to Medical need.. Not Good Enough .. many Elderly and Most Vets will say .. oh I'm ok .. I'll be alright ..
This is what is needed in the states! Not medical treatment that is decided on IF should be allowed based on insurance companies decisions.
The fact is one must convince imbeciles and  morons of this is the problem. you know I mean Republicans and Democrat charlatan legislators.
Why can't we have this. We are the richest country in the world with the greediest people in control of the money. I'm ashamed of the US.
I have for relatives in Canada who practice medicine there.  None of them have any complaints about their health care system.
Bernie you should remove this video of CDN MD Raza as he implies he practiced medicine in US but he did NOT. Embellishment or fraud at worst
Raza "spent a year studying in US". He did NOT practice medicine in US. He never held a US medical license. Embellishment or fraud at worst.
Single payer isn't socialism it's just common sense.
Many in favor of this type of healthcare but won't fly w/GOP in control of Congress-concentrate on that first&work w/Dems or nothing changes
The sad thing is its not just Canada it's every other 1st world country except the US
Public funded health care is popular in Canada. U.S. Is different though. Not apples to apples.
Our healthcare system is broken.  I have had patients with brain tumors that need surgery and no insurance.
Canadians can be more at ease in experiencing a strong support system. Canada continues to evolve, to better accommodate our societal needs.
This is such a deceitful narrative.  Can't compare pop of 36M to 330M.  Can't compare nat'l debt of 66% to more than 100%.  No free HC money
No more economics frm fiscally irresponsible Dems.  Selling fairy tales of free HC.  Truth is these countries R not bankrupt by their congrs
Bernie is comparing a country w/pop of 36M, who's debt ratio is 66% of GDP, to U.S.
U.S,  330M pop w/debt ratio over 100%.  Where's money?
Swamp has spent more than GDP.  GDP 18.57T, nat'l debt 20T.  Where will this money 4 free healthcare come from?  Get out of Wash!  BROKE!
3/3  or 188B.  Now compare, U.S. pop 330M. GDP 18.57T, nat'l debt 20 T.  Our debt exceeds our GDP.  Our pop 10X more than Canada.  Do math
1/2  What he doesn't say is Norway only has 5.2M pop.  Their Nat'l debt is 29% of 371B  or 107B.  Canada has 36M pop. ND is 66% of 1.8T or
1/3  In a desperate bid to dis G-C Bill and sell free HC to Americans, Bernie compares free HC in Canada & Norway as working "free" HC.
But but but we need insurance though and Obamacare! And by the way Russia!
Wondering why people in the US die without care? Or why Americans r ok with people losing their homes to pay 4 care. Not in Canada.
Hey Bernie & pals!
This must be why my friends in P.E.I. have American insurance and were in country while their 2 boys were born, because Can. has great Med.
Just notified by the insurance my office call to have bandages changed and stitches removed from foot SURGERY is NOT APPROVED.
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/articles/2016-08-03/canadians-increasingly-come-to-us-for-health-care%3Fcontext%3Damp&ved=0ahUKEwiLnoqrs8zWAhVEQCYKHXZ8BtkQFgiGATAP&usg=AOvVaw0qSJhbPQOhmV6mGhFp0tpT&ampcf=1 …
Nice try Canada.  We have your best comedians, and laughter is the best medicine.
"1st & foremost it's my job as a doctor to help ppl get better. It's not my job to determine whether they R eligible for care I provide."
We've had an eyelid slit open, a fused ankle, a fractured arm, a lodged kidney stone, a herniated umbilical and contracted diabetes.  None of these have ever cost us money out of pocket to deal with - ever.  The Canadian system provides peace of mind.
Rather have a doctor who wants to heal people, rather than get rich.
Now do Canada's immigration policies.
Canadian MD here. Reality is you should be talking to docs in Holland or Germany, not Canada. Nobody would copy Canadian or US approach.
Berniesanders you betrayed thebelievers you soldout to Islamic lobbyist you are lying  again!TAKE YOUR DIRTY MONEY  GO AWAY!
Stupid. Bernie if you really needed a Doc in Canada you wait weeks or months. Not enough docs. Or facilities. And YOU don't wait a minute.
the real question to this problem is how to do you beat back the entrenched insurance companies with fat pockets from years of abuse?
When Canadians need to see a doctor there should actually be a doctor to see... Oh wait, our doctor's who've trained abroad are cab drivers
Like here in Brazil! 

He does not mention how much Canada taxes its people either
I wish doctors like this would stop wasting time on US & focus on Canadians struggling to pay for medicine which is not covered in Canada.
Now ask a doctor from Venezuela
Only one?
Proud Canadian here. Why, with all the debate on CNN etc doesn't someone ask "Why isn't the US looking at the models of other countries?".
Save us Canada 
send more videos from other countries-i'm reposting on my PUBLIC FB
Do people in U.S. inner cities actually pay for health care?  I thought they were all on Medicaid?
Ok sounds great now the negative. Won't tell us will you. Wait times? Pay everything? Any med innovation? Why still private ins?
I'm Cdn...two surgeries both with less than a 4 month wait.  System can always improve but grateful for it.
The general practitioner (family doctor) shuffles you off to a 'specialist' . Specialist does nothing shuffles you back to gp, 6 months gone
Or if you have some sort of inflammatory disease , they don't know how to treat you. They take pharma $$ and let pharma decide how to treat
Or if you have vertigo you have to pay out of pocket to see physio therapist ( not covered) , higher gov't type rates
Except if you feel Ill in march , by September your cancer is so bad you have 2 weeks to live . That's Canadian health care
But it has been done already - in Canada. And 26 countries have universal health care. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_with_universal_health_care …
If it's so good, move to Canada!
No they just need to worry about actually being seen by you, what once a year!? #StillWaiting
Please move to Canada and use their healthcare system for a minimum of 6 years and then do an in depth review.
there are actually ppl who still believe a word you say...
We don’t want to be Canada, sir. We want to be Americans
In the US we need real healthcare changes.
I'm Canadian and I can see any doctor when I want and i don't pay a penny. I don't have to deal with HMOs or insurance deductibles either
they didn't gouge u 4 $15 parking ? $25 admin fee for a note? Access to file fees of over $100 ? And your medicine was free from gov't?u lie
ppl on socialized medical wait for months to have services done such as an MRI. I'll pay for quality not quantity.
Canada's system needs improvement (#pharmacare, foreign accreditation) but so #grateful I don't have to worry about cost of most health care
I am Canadian and now work and live in the US. Have experienced both systems. This is VERY true.
Succinct.
I love .. Health care is free. It not perfect but it's free.. it for the rich and the poor..
More there, Bernie. Please.
I'd rather watch u release your tax returns n stop hiding your money from Russia. People with nothing to hide, hide nothing. Pretty simple.
Article conveniently omits wait times, the large number of services not covered and the crippling provincial debt.
https://twitter.com/NadiaB_MD/status/913736289761021952 …
a portion of Canada's health care is paid through government controlled liquor stores maybe US should try
Well Bernie old boy - at least you have the right initials that suit you perfectly----- BS........
On this, Bernie, I totally agree, but we all know why we can't have it. Insurance & big pharma aren't about to give up the golden goose.
This isn't what I hear from my Canadian friends!!!!!!
Because everything else run by our govt runs so well...lol no thanks
What a crock. Not a damn thing of substance in this. All boo hoo heart strings. Canadian single payer is great until you actually get sick
I'm Canadian. I grew up in this system. It works. You need good people leading it & qualified people running it but it works.
Canada is only there because we allow it. Many many years ago America drafted a attack plan on Canada as a just in case scenario
When Canada got wind of it they made a counter plan but it mostly involved retreating or just flat out surrendering
It wouldn't be all bad seeing as Canada would be the same place just with the U.S. dollar
And Canada wouldn't be going through a major immigrant crisis right now as well seeing as your pm hates your country
You can keep you gov run care. I'll keep my insurance thank you. If you ever need life saving treatment just remember its only months away.
More propaganda. Look at the quality, wait times and costs! Taxes are through the roof.
Bernie, stop being ignorant. Single payer is not viable. Compare Canada's population with the US! Get rid of special interest regs.
The US ha 10x more people than Canada...how does this work?
As an American who lived for several years in Canada, this was my experience b
Ours is not perfect in Canada but when my son was born with a 5% chance of survival, I was able to worry about him not my bank acct
If people like that they can move to Canada.
Yes!  This is why I love Canada
Let's move to Canada bro @evega888
Lol
Bernie Sanders you are a stupid idiot
How healthy we are should be the equalizer between people not our ability to pay for health care and have access to it.
We are not Canada.  If you love it so much move there.
Unfortunately this will never happen in America, too money driven.
I am from the Maritimes up the east coast; I love my health care here in Canada.
Yeah we just have to worry about 75% taxes and paying for deadbeat's healthcare.
This young man is both exceedingly sharp and blindingly handsome.  @DanyaalRaza
...
The only people complaining about the wait times in Canada are not Canadians. You don't even live here, so...your word or mine?
this is a joke?
@DanyaalRaza you make us proud !
Serfdom to the British Queen?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykIFQsDaou8 …
Congratulations!
#I Will Guarantee You Don't Have To Wait For Surgery!!!
#This Oh So True?... My Husband And I Have Lived There For 5 YRS And I Even Had To Have Surgery And My Husband And WE  Loved It here.
Bernie, you don’t get it. We are the land of the free. We want to be free to choose no healthcare. Free to choose to pay or not to pay.
Bernie is such a liar.
This doctor makes single-payer seem an obvious choice. It could slow innovation e.g. medical devices - haven't seen a clear analysis of that
Bernie the four home owning hypocrite Marxist. His family won't wait months for a procedure will they Bern??.
My medical services fees for a family of 5 is $250 a month. Plus extended health is $300 a month. How is $6600 a year free health care?
I'm going to the US for hernia surgery so I don't have to wait my 9-12 months in uncomfortable pain.
Expect to see Canadian doctors fleeing the new regime's taxes in droves. 

Canada's socialism is slowly but surely, failing.
Meanwhile in the U.S.
What's he dying from ?
Ask how long a wait 2b seen,if dz deemed serious 4 further tx ask how long it takes 2 receive it if at all.TELL THE TRUTH BERNIE
Single payer is the way.
Totally designed that way but a complete failure! Tell the truth!!!!
As a Canadian we just don't get you American people wanting health care for profit  and let millions go uninsured
We would rather bankrupt the whole working population just so the ones that choose not to work get free health care . Ya it's awesome
Go talk to the Canadians. They hate their health care system because they can’t get into a doctor. Facts!
In Canada we're not like the #TrumpCrimeFamily Banana Republic.

We believe EVERYONE deserves Health Care.

It's a Human thing.
#TrumpRussia
It's not a Trump thing. It's a Republican thing - they've been opposed to single-payer health care for a century. They would even like to dismantle Medicare and Medicaid.
healthcare is not a right,nobody has a right to anyone else's skill and abilities.
In Toronto the medical care is about as good as a small US city.  Go to St.John NB and you see a huge drop in quality.
Well this comment feed has convinced me I'm moving to Canada
Shut your pie whole Bank Fraud Bernie.
And yes, I said whole because Bernie's wife opened his up with her strapon.
Bernie you no different than the Orange man, promising things w out doing the research.
Yes but do you know how long they have to wait 2 see a dr. or 2 get surgery?  N 2 boot, more than  50% of their taxes are taken out.
Also, most US drs want the large salaries. Yes, to pay off large medical educational bills, but also to live extravagant lifestyles.
The only major problem is the wait time. It takes up to weeks and months to be seen and by then your situation can be much worse.
For specialists, not to see a dr.
Do you ever listen to doctors that saw the benefit of what we had instead of just finding doctors to listen to for what you want?
Stop with the Socialist BS Bernie.  How is your wife trial coming along?
They have regular bankruptcy because of medical taxes...socialism is not American at all..
Sure Sanders if you want people in hospital hall ways, huge waits line for services or life saving operations. Out of control costs. Then
It can be done...it's just money priority! If all Americans can have care when they need it, then that's a win/win!
You wouldn't put your family on this.
Did he discuss the wait time, in months, for even the simplest procedures? Yeah... it’s expensive here, but at least I don’t have to wait.
And tomorrow will you have Cuban doctors talking about practicing in Cuba?
Aren’t you an American Senator?
Right. In Canada we don’t worry about money when we go to the doctor. But money is the reason we get poor treatment. Or none at all.
I am a proud Canadian with one of the best healthcare systems in the world. Thank you Canada!
Remember when u admitted Medicare for all would bankrupt the US? Stay outta my health!
So the question begs why train and go to school in the US?
Canadian health care system is majorly flawed.  Huge Waite times for surgery and even simple appointments such as allergy tests.
We are 20+ Trillion in DEBT!!! Look at Venezuela or Cuba!! You, Bernie, you know this won't work!
My coworker left Canada bc of the taxes due to socialistic practices and the ridiculous health care. Socialism DOESN'T WORK.  See Venezuela
