I've introduced #HR676, Expanded & Improved #MedicareForAll Act since 2003 and it's now a bicameral effort! 
Its not a right.
So you're okay with one of your children dying, that's what you're saying that your children don't have a right to Health Care
If I say you don't have a right to food doesn't mean I want you to starve, just that no one is obligated to provide that for you.
holding down those less fortunate lowers yourself. & I'm not talking metaphorically, we dropdown economically the poorer we keep our society
ah understandable, you would rather have a doctor serve you but not have that doctor make any money? shameful, that's called slavery
Doctors would probably make more money cuz we wouldn't have to pay so much into insurance companies
Its utterly insane that at we have $20T debt and u think the Gov sustain a healthcare system
Just be aware anytime you hear the word privatization that is code for profit and that's all they're interested in is making a profit
Stop it with everything is a human right now. It devalues rights.
How is free healthcare not a human right?
It is not free, btw. It is very expensive. And it violates private property rights through coercion, i.e. Taxation.
Taxes are the subscription charge we pay to live in a civilised society. Sometimes a government monopoly is the fairest system.
I've got an idea. You pay for your healthcare. I'll pay for mine. Fair?
No, not fair at all. It means some people would end up paying more than others, if they needed more drugs, surgery, counselling, therapy &c.
I won't ask anyone to pay for me.
That is easy for you to say, if you have a comfortable job and don't need much medical treatment. Not everyone is so fortunate.
Thanks for giving @RepJohnConyers the credit he deserves. He's been a hardworking champion on this for such a long time.
Absolutely!
"No universal taxpayer-funded medical system" is one of the defining characteristics of a failed state.
I don't agree that it is a right.  Would be nice to have
Did you just say you don't believe that medical care free at the point of use is a human right?
That is correct
I am on Medicare now are you proposing everyone pay, no exceptions or credits?  If not where does the $ for payment come from?
Raise taxes on top 10% a lot, much less for the rest, ins co's shrink and overall profiteering of medical establishment lowers. It will work
@SenSanders is your bill a Senate companion to HR676? Or are you pulling a bait-and-switch?
So, I have a right to take your $$$ to pay for my healthcare no matter how much it costs?
It's a shared cost with lower HC expenses, no more insurance companies getting rich, and significantly higher taxes for top 10%. Duh
Where is this a right?  Please share where in the Constitution?
Show it to me in the Constitution. I'll wait.
We first must address the issues or causes behind america's extreme health issues. Government-shielding of toxin industries must end now.
America's dirty & exploitive industries should foot the bill for damages they have caused & it shouldn't require lawsuits & cancer clusters
@SenSchumer Gives billions to affluent Israel but refuses to support #MedicareForAll for his host country. Now he supports Senate Bill S.720
If Helthcare is a human right why not pressure the pharma companies to bring their prices down. Rep Jayapal let's actually do work to help

#HR676 is a #Medicaid4All bill so if u want all people to get the medical care that most people on welfare get now, this plan is for you!
Will Congress exempt themselves like they did with Obamacare?  If that was good enough for us why was it not good enough for you?
Thank you!! I have wanted this for years and I'm really happy that it could be a reality if Dem's get a majority, Vote 4 Dem's 2018 & 2020!!
pleasestoptaxingtheemerging middle classsodamnmuch
It's saving the middle class thousands a year. Instead of $6000 to insurance co's on top of deductibles, it can be $3000 all-in.
My employer covers my insurance at nearly 100%.
Well than this bill will help your employer! And if you lost your job (hopefully not) you'd keep your healthcare.
Letting people keep their money is the best welfare
We don't have that in our country. How should we pay for our roads, bridges, police, fire, armed forces? Privatize it all?
They over tax the lower end of the middle class in order to keep us poor. I'm not bribable with my own money.
Thank you, Sen. Conyers, Rep. Jayalpal and all who have jumped on the Medicare for all Bernie Wagon.
Conyers has proposed a similar bill every year since 2003. He already had 117 cosponsor in the House (60% of Dem caucus) before this.
Sen.'s Conyers and Sanders recently did a town meeting in Detroit. It was fabulous. They seem totally supportive of one another.:-)

Ya! It is a right in Venezuela too! Guaranteed coverage by the government!
Thank you for your support! Please ask Sens. Murray and Cantwell to join you!
Evict Nancy Pelosi and all fake liberals who oppose health care as a human right.
You mean Nancy "Got the ACA passed despite the Obama Cabinet wanting it to die" Pelosi?
You mean Spooky "thinks the ACA is comparable to universal health care" PunningPundit?
92% of the country is covered, so yes. It's comparable. It's not, obviously, 100% of the way there. But it's the road.
30 million can't get coverage and more are under covered.
Not to mention that for a whole lot of people who do have coverage, it's total shit. And it costs way more than it should.
Health care is a human right !!!
know it but instead of goin aftr Med Co's like Sanford for ex, for ridiculous pricing
Where are our our WA Senators..time to back the people vs profiting off their sickness #MedicareforAll please...debate it, pass it #wellness
I am not willing to make others pay more taxes to pay for my responsibilities.
So if I don't want to contribute my $ to your "human right", will you take it by force? Of course you will. TYRANT
No it isnot... Youdon'tknowwhattheterm"right"means
While I agree
Please stopdoingthis!
Thank you Rep. Pramila Jayapal for being a leader in Washington State. #MedicareForAll
Except it isn't.
The GOP is deceptive about this because they make big $$& investing in Health care (17% annually). That's a huge profit.
Industrialized Nations that have Universal Healthcare are happier, healthier population.
 I'm so glad more and more dems are coming over to progressive platforms without making us out to be "extreme alt-leftists"
Historical note: for decades @JohnDingell and his father introduced a national health insurance bill every year in Congress.
Let me modify my previous comment: affordable Health Care is an economic necessity.  Capitalism does NOT lead to better Health Care results
Show me where that is written. Waiting
Health care is not a right. It is something we earn. You can't force the medical system to work for free. That's been tried and failed
That's nonsense. Why don't you work on getting jobs back in this country would people have jobs they have health insurance
Then YOU both should sign up for it!
Hell john Conyers don't even know where he's at
*You have the right to have access to healthcare. You can't make someone give you a service. That's what the problem was with slavery.
Where does it say that in the constitution again?
@People4Bernie @RepJohnConyers a legend B4 @SenSanders but cuz racism his bill not well-kmown. Go team Conyers/Sanders
Idiot
@NancyPelosi better get on board or lose a lot more voters.

you stand for government controlled healthcare.Are you a socialist like Bernie.Europe has this healthcare and the people hate it
Sorry for u guys u speak to a << WALL >>
Tired of "I stand with" BS. It is self-serving & does zero for ppl needing better healthcare. We'll know where u stand when u get it done.
And @SenFranken
Nightly network news never mentioned it. DEMs on TV need to call out these TV News Orgs for not making it important to mention.
Medicare is great.  It doesn't cover 100% so insurance companies still play a role. People must be educated to understand options. @dnc
Leave Medicare Alone
Do @PattyMurray & @MariaCantwell  stand with you? Asking for Washington state.
don't tell us, tell Bill Nelson

#singlepayershame
Yes!
NOITISN'T
don't tell us, tell Sen Mark Warner

#singlepayershame
Name where people were turned away? Life is a human right and you guys kill them all the time so preach to the mirror about human rights
No, no it's not.
Next better be raising the minimum wage to a living wage. After, 100% renewable energy. After that, tuition-free public college. etc.
