I was republican until I was severely disabled! Sen. Sanders... You are my hero! God Bless You!
Our elderly need help...or might need help in the future, were all going to need help one day.....
Bernie I'm with you on this one
thx bernie, let's get elderly in toe shoes helps balance to avoid falls, vibram makes 'em just need bit more cushion
U better not fall Bern , Again !
Sanders=Soros - may God pay you back for
Your efforts to destroy Israel and support
Iran. You represent Pure EVIL ימח שמך וזכרך.
Bullshit! You kill seniors on healthcare! Taking food from their tables in increasing premiums! Resign
CUT THE CRAP BERNARD
@ilbznu3 ...raise your hand if you too miss c#underwoodTypewriters
Don't fall America!  
What about fall protocol to teach us how to safely tumble. ..
My dad had a special pamphlet w/that info
No Bernie,we can't focus on u anymore,we tryed to support u but u sold out !!! Good luck if u run against Trump, not a chance.
Why can't we just fix the ACA then try to pass single payer insurance. Once more jobs are created
Fight for Ins. reform !
I do case management for the elderly and this is a daily concern of mine for my clients.
Thank u for your service , we Need Ins.Reform ! The cause of all the problems
May God. Have. Mercy. And. Healing. On. Elderly,. The. Sick and. Shut. In.
It is the vulnerable that will suffer the most under ACA if it stays in place.
I have lost my license to practice as MD in Norway. Can practice elsewhere if someone needs 62 years anesthesiologist. Available now. Norway
Thanks but no thanks last thing we need is the doctor that lost his license stay where you're at
Ok
If we had single payer everyone could fall and it would be ok

Seniors will loose care in 2018! 
FU @BernieSanders @MarkRuffalo talking out both sides of your mouth! 32 Million will loose! #FBR #FixACA
Thanks, Bernmaister!
Yea you need to listen Bernie.. your about to fall over you old fart..


Love this. You have your priorities right, Bernie. 
Thanks for promoting this!  As an RN taking care of broken knees, hips, ER cases- falls are so traumatic or even fatal.  Be aware!
That is down right scary.. My #ma fell broke her hip.Lived a short while longer.Then went down hill #fast. Move slowly & carry a  big stick!
I know what you mean , I X-Rayed many elders in a period of 35 yrs. very sad indeed
Falls are no joke, they can kill or mean the end of independent living 4 a senior. Some posters need 2 grow up. DT RT'd a sr fall- remember?
Yes, falls can lead to rapid decline and even early death.
GOP was on the back-foot due to the clever tactics/strategy of Schumer/Pelosi. You traitor scum gave GOP life by announcing Single Payer.
"Our most vulnerable" are unborn babies, whose killing you're ok with. Until you accept that, your comments on ppl's needs ring hollow.
Again you pander for votes,  but do nothing to make it happen or put forth how to psy for them, except from the working class poor.
Our elders are so important to our culture
Love is eternal yes indeed, never give up to protect them thanks for reminding us, they brought us into this world,what goes around comes ..
to @SenSanders from @okanart
Was this necessary not cool
The people at my facility pay a percentage of their income to be there, so rich or poor they get the same treatment. #CanadaCares
I hope you're setting a good example and are wearing your Life Alert!
Congratulations for your nice and unrest job Bernie!
Thank you for the Bill "Medicare for all".
Please continues fighting for us.
Neca
Speaking of the most vulnerable, isn't it about time for you to retire?
And when those falls happen the senor often needs a long term care facility which Medicare doesn't cover now but #MedicareForAll will cover.
Fight to Reform Ins.Cos' that what we need to do, at this point they're in charge of what happens to Millions of us, greed and power. Out !
Let's get the insurance companies out of our healthcare system entirely. They produce nothing but profit from denying care.
#MedicareforAll
Yes,Yes, this whole mess is because of them, politicians get funded by them, You be surprised how much money they get from , crml stuff,pisd

As a nurse, I love this!!! Too many unnecessary hospitalizations!!
today is the day you need to smarten up. My mother is my responsibility not every other mother father in America if they haven't planned
sweat it old man your covered under we the tax payer dollars. if u give a fuck sell the 600,000 cottage & donate to a elderly home dick.
Thanks Bernie Sanders for publicizing Falls Prevention Awareness Day which is celebrated on the 1st day of Fall every year #PhysicalTherapy
Funny me, I just kicked old buzzards over.... (not really)
First step is to stop lying to them, Fidel
You should focus on the 4 houses you have, you Communist hypocrite!
This is very simple. Just walk in the forest troughout your whole life.
Yeah, the most vulnerable like babies in the womb... oh wait a minute, they don't count do they Bernie... #hypocrite
Prevent a fall by pushing elderly over.If they are already on the ground it makes it much harder for them to fall farther.The more u know
No health care for falls, to bad per GOP
Of course, nobody is more vulnerable than a zygote, embryo, or fetus, right Senator? @KirstenPowers @NARAL @SenWarren @nrlc @POTUS @Pontifex
You don't think of it, but it's important to remove carpets when mobility becomes an issue. They're pretty, but not worth broken bones.
It's the falls from beds mostly the Bern tweet wasn't clear, falls come of many causes,tubs,beds,tripping,etc etc thank u for caring
By making them wait for medical treatments under your single payer idea?Okay Bernie...! Keep telling yourself ur compassionate
Yes.
Respect the elders
I AM 66 AND FELL COMING HOME FROM SHOPPING AND BROKE MY HAND. I AM SUFFERING A LOT. TRY AND BE CAREFUL.
Hr620 will result in more falls not to mention the other issues it causes. Do you have a comment on it Mr Sanders?
Hate to break it to you Bernie but if one falls I'm certain they're aware of it
See Bernie? This is more your speed
@Moonshine1931
Yet you never, for the entire month, mentioned September is #ChildhoodCancerAwarenessmonth
This is the most sensible tweet I've seen from your site. The other stuff, not so much. #TermLimits
better check on hilliar
Keep doing what your doing
You have to explain why their $32 trillion 10 yr medicare for all est. is a lie. It would cost about 400 billion a year. We already pay 65up
every nurse loves you for this one #fallprevention
What for, he hasn't done anything but talk ! No action
Sen. John McCain said "NO" to "Repeal and Replace" and to you @SenSanders. Obamacare is here to stay, so lets make it better for everyone!
Thank you for fighting for us Senator Sanders
I have a neighbor who is 90! She does have falls sometimes. She is still sharp as a razor tho.

All falls matter.
Very cute,try again !
Send them to us!! OTs will make sure they never have another fall!!
? ? ?
@SenSanders you're one of the most at risk in the world. Get educated old man
Don't you have a car to rear end somewhere, BMW driver?
Be careful then Bernie

You're a good Man Bernie, all my support from France  #Sanders2020
u gat very fake ideas
It's just a #shame this video has your name on it, why would you do THAT??! #Exploiter @BernieSanders Just admit you colluded 2.
Then lay off this stupid debate. Stop saving the Republicans ridiculous effort. Move on to something productive.
@MDguy908
Are you making this up because it's the first day of Fall? Because that's kinda cruel.
He just rambles on uncontrollably, running out of ideas ? Nothing hits home with this man, use to be a Bern man, not now he sold out !!!
Alright. Who has McCain duty?
If you had sent this out a year ago maybe there wouldn't be any Hilary getting hit by golf balls video! FORE! 
Not his fault, the Clinton agenda was set up long before any election , Bernie was another Victim of the Clinton set up
FOCUS in the need of the most vulnerable is in URGENT need not of empty words instead SERIOUS objective WORK of both parties.
If you have a relative complaining about a tripping hazards, take the initiative to remove, fix or replace the hazard. Don't put it off.
Yes. Don't let us trip over this stupid Republican bill. Let it fail. After it fails then debated.
"Everyday" is an adjective.  You should have used the adverbial phrase "every day."
You must be fun at parties.
Local 3 tech&this hits home on #spectrumstrike 4 179 days my cust r elderly & sick & I know spectrums scabs rnt qualified 2 keep them safe
C'mon cybernetics! We need robo grandmas and robo grandpas!
We need to run that commercial showing the old lady being pushed off a cliff again. The GOP is murdering us!
My dad and FIL both died from complication from a fall. :-(
Ditto my mother and my aunt.
While my mom is waiting for Medicaid approval, she fell down a flight of stairs. 3 skull fracs & 3brain bleeds. She needs more care! ThankU
So sad to hear!!
It has been awful. I've begged and pleaded with her insurance. Her life doesn't have any less importance just because she can't afford......
I wish you cared that much for the unborn. You've condoned the slaughter of millions.
Good to see you're finally supporting Hillary!
Indeed. Why have you single handedly made repeated attempts to undermine, deconstruct AHCA ? Why are you participating in CNN hc debate?
Too bad nobody told Hillary before she fell on national tv on 9/11
Bernie, are you ok?
Show me somewhere in that Republicans care about any Americans and their healthcare only three four at most it should be many more BadTrump
How about you take care of yourself? Are u do weak you need constant validation?
Convention of the states
Take up those scatter rugs.
please drop the senseless debate...join forces to defeat #GrahamCassidyBill and then create a combined effort to fix healthcare
Then we should fix what we already have... not scrap it and start over  that's the practical thing to do.
Uh… who is talking about scrapping what we have? Certainly not Bernie: his plan proposes gradually transitioning over a four-year period.
The GOP is obviously fighting very hard to scrap it and start over
Yes, that's true: the GOP definitely are hell bent on scrapping it. Start over…? I doubt it. They don't CARE if we have decent healthcare.
THAT is true. They'd rather let the old&sick die off. Bc that's what Jesus would do, right? Ha. that's the Conservative&Christian way #sad
McCain, Collins and Murkowski Rs that represent the people's interest. This could be the pendulum  swinging back to "Regular Order"!
And ppl need to remember We are the power not them, the ppl hire these crooks, We the  ppl put them there, but can kick their butts out too.
Speak for yourself John Alda
Aptly put . The next POTUS
Why does every day and month must have awareness themes? Once everything is special  then nothing is.
Im schedulrd for rotater cuff surgery 10/4. For  tripping at work. Nevr thought itd happen to me lol..b CAREFULL folks! And god bless...:)
Those dastardly republicans always pushing over the most vulnerable people!
Don't fall for GOP death care bill
You be careful pops
"I have falling"
