How many will be uninsured when your disaster Obamacare completely implodes? Can you hear us now-NO govt run healthcare! @POTUS
Nope, don't vote to throw them off, just wait for it to fall apart and go bankrupt.
FAKE NEWS   !
Is it 22M or 23M old man? Don't ever let facts get in the way of a great progressive talking point.  Right Bernie?
you guys are awesome.
That's good. These racist fools wanted trump! They got him. They're great white hope!
Do not forget Senate Chapito, 2018 arnd the corner..we will not forget
Sanders has lived his life on the #GovernmentCrutch stolen from Capitalistic efforts. Weak! #EntitlementBeggars #SocialismSucks #DIY
If you really believe the bullshit you just wrote... Please, unfollow me. You've drunk the "free-market bullshit" kool-aide.
The US functioned more than fine under the Democratic Socialist economics of FDR. The filthy-rich were still filthy-rich, just not as much.
Please vote her out if she votes for this bill . Let This be her last term.
Throw it away and we will pay 3000 to 5000 for a pregnancy test that is 1.00 in the dollar store when individuals come to ED
A Travesty Trump care! @SenCapito
Why are you exempted from Obamacare?
Let Obamacare implode and EVERYONE loses their health insurance.  SMH
hows that fraud investigation going Bernie? #BernieBankFraud

A Sassy Gay Republican DRAMA in Four Acts.  
22, the number was revised to 22 million Bernie, update your rhetoric.  :-)
Now u working with facts do it in every @SenateGOP & @GOP state get the numbers 2 Post them n county/state bldgs
No Democrat has offered any kind of solution to this situation. Instead they flat refuse to work together. Dems have no right to complain
Dems did something idiot...called OBAMACARE and Trumps crying over it instead of fixing it..just wants the Trump name on it
So is Trumpcare...and it has not even passed...DISATER
If your looking for a lier...start with Trump..lied all the way to WH and still is
James M Walker..keep telling urself Trump does not lie..meanwhile..we will be waiting to see those TAX RETURNS
Bernie really is working hard to convince people, Dems want it to pass so they can win elections which is the political BS that got themhere
#SaveMeCapito
What did your wife do with all that money
reality check, there are only 10 million people on Obamacare, and 1/3 of them wish they had another choice; you cannot count FREE Medicaid
Is it 22 million or 23 million? Make up your senile mind.
BERNIE SOLD OUT HIS SUPPORTERS!
nobody is getting thrown off their insurance ppl will make decisions, will have choices.  Like your choice to buy a 3rd home
Of course many hospitals will close. The homeless are known to use Fire Rescue for taxi's. They request certain hospitals then walk away.
Please sponsor a bill to get rid of special perks like own medical plan and pensions
HAVE you addressed CA cancelling its single payer health bill?
This bill is heartless and it's a crime against humanity, it's inhumane for the  American people
We lost our doctors. ACA gave less or no choices. Higher preimiums. More out of pocket. Law makers need to be on same plan. Fix ur mess!
Why aren't you honest to the american people? #BankFraudBernie
I don't know who Senator Capito is, but I have a question for her: Does she want the poor to die?
As a second thought, how long would the prison sentence be for the premeditated murder of 122,000 people?
So let's vote for you since the FBI is investigating you for fraud. Lair
Which is it, Bernie? 22 or 23 million? How about you get your lies straight and get back to me?
Both terrible numbers with this bill!
What about the millions of working class Americans who don't have it because they can't afford it? And get penalized for not affording it.
Bernie\, I think you are needed down in Venezuela. It would be a good time to bail before the trials begin
Thank god some people are patriots and not party line hacks willing to screw the public to do the bidding of their owners!
Please! Throw me off! Can't afford to be bled dry anymore
The welfare class in full shriek mode.
You must be part of the 1%!! We need these resources for the elderly, Medicaid, for opiod assistance and long-term recovery.
Those "resources" don't belong to you, and the people you're taking them from have good uses for them as well.
Bernie's wife took a $200,000 severance package after bankrupting Burlington College. And we're supposed to believe him? #BankFraudBernie
Let them go
Bernie, why don't you work with the president on this. Stop preaching and hinting the fact you will run again on 2020. You'll be 80 by then.
Sounds like ACA.
Thank YOU Bernie Sanders for supporting WV!! They truly need you and you've not let them down. I've known of your support via @SAShrader! 
More fraud from bernsie the blow hard bullshivik- the numbers are worse for obamacare yet you stay silent you hypocrite.
22, 23, 49 mill. Which is it?
Bernie lies
Obama Care is already killing families by making health care a political game.
Senator Capito, & anyone reading this, please watch this @maddow @MSNBC clip, esp 2 min in:
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show …

Thanks.

#SaveMeCapito
Do u have a good lawyer?
So stop complaining and start working with republicans to make it better.
#SaveMeCapitpo !!
In a modern country to be without health insurance is a nightmare
Anyone who supports you is a failure in life with a need to share in the success of others. You are that vehicle.
Show you care and sponsor a bill to get rid of the special medical plan for Congress. Why is that so difficult.
How's the court case sir?
This is Twitter not the Senate....
You are a great person. We support you and Jane. Don't worry.
Just wanted to let my GOP brothers and sisters know that this will also affect many of them!  The ACA covers 23+millions citizens.
against their own interests. I want you to fuck fuck them HARD! Don't let up even in the face of their tears...Rip them apart & don't stop.
repeal of Obamacare. I am tried of trying to save the dumbfucks of WV who honestly think their coal jobs are coming back, CONSTANTLY vote...
Senator Capito...I'm a raging, liberal homosexual from the San Francisco Bay Area and I really, really, really want you to vote for the...
While you complain trump continues forward making America great!
Fraud 
Very misleading. No one is throwing anyone off of health insurance. They are no longer forced by the government to buy it, so they won't.
I'm sick of paying for the freeloaders.  Bernie didn't care when the coal miners lost their jobs.
Push, Bernie!
Let the GOP do it to teach Americans a lesson in civics so maybe they will vote next time.
Planned parenthood's abortion option has to be removed I RESPECT ur pro choice belief but ur pp won't be defunded
By 2026...  Completely ludicrous to predict government spending.  It's always off big time
Bank fraud bernie use that 10 billion you frauded the bank out of to help
Throw them off. Start this dumpster fire already.
Now multiply the one state of West Virginia by 50 and you have an idea of the ramifications of this "healthcare" bill.

FBI investigation, Bro!
It's called budgeting healthcare monthly.  You pay for the plan you can afford just like when you are looking for a house or auto insurance.
Come one people!!! You can't have it both ways. Trump is a President who delivers. Suck it while you see the elections' result.
I wish you could go out to vote. Trump must deliver every he promised. The American voters secretly voted him. So stop whining.
Congrats again come join the party! "VOTE"! @SenSanders
Very sick dishonest people
#BankFraudBernie

I see you are practicing lying for your investigation.
Bernie is under FBI Investigation!
In honor of the new Heart for Kushner trump Healthcare bill the Whitehouse menu will add Liver&Fava Beans with a fine Chianti
More then that don't even want healthcare, you can't force people to have healthcare, that's why I left Canada damn socialists
#BankFraudBernie
@SenCapito 122,000 people in your state alone!!!! REPRESENT YOUR DISTRICT!!!
I do not want government run health care!!!!
You mean make them responsible for their own insurance?
lesson one the GOP  have zero regard to human life..
So Bank Fraud Bernie, how many people will suffer because your wife BORROWED $6.7 million dollars and DID NOT PAY it BACK!!  Wifey FRAUD!!
Where is your plan ???? All talk no action. Back bencher.
Lie! Exaggeration! Did u mention the 6.5 million you are forcing to pay s fine for not enrolling in your corrupt plan? Hypocrite! #10million
@SenSanders we love your blind arrogant ignorance, and youre soo easy to control and scapegoat. you make our party great! dont ever change!
and dont worry about the bank fraud charges, daddy says we owe you a solid 
The same 22mil forced on it by having their freedom to choose stripped?
Why do u hate freedom Bernie?
Is it because youre mad at bank fraud?
BULLSHIT ! The Presidents plan does not cut 1 penny from Medicaid.America is broke so we slow the increase to Medicaid, no cuts.
Wait an see!!! Personally I believe that Corporate America doesn't give a F*(k, about the people!!! And the will have it their way! Hope not
The CBO shouldnt be scoring anything. Completely wrong score on Obamacare. Even less credibilty than all recent election polls.
The system is broken and you guys have done nothing but made it worse. If you have something better put it on the table.
CBO said 22 million, Bernie  
Not one tweet from Bernie the pied piper of pot heads on how he would fix his party's failed program.
Health insurance isn't healthcare you snake oil salesman. Nobody takes today's 'coverage '
Libs continue to let felons lead their party.Pure ignorance.
There only about 10 mil on Obamacare and many of them not because they want to but we're forced to. Quit lying Bernie
I know in the state I live, health insurance premiums have recently gone up 107% under Obamacare. What is good with that?
So did Obama care. They targeted the young generation too.  Pre-existing sucks. Shld The be discriminated against the touched people of USA
This is a fight for the health and lives of hundreds of millions of America. Mr. Sanders you need to build a coalition-Warren Biden Shef
@SenSanders Your inflammatory remarks have already caused more barbaric and immoral acts than any health care bill!!!
Shut up and pay your taxes and do as Trump tells you.
Allow those 23 million to pay for their own insurance. Its the grown up thing to do.
So how is Venezuela doing Bernie?  Any thoughts?
Do you know what happened to Burlington College?
#BankFraudBernie 
I believe you were obstructing Bernie
How about 22 million? Can we do 22? No? Ok... give us a number, Bernie. We can go 20.. 18 but no lower. Let's do lunch!
Does anyone on the Left know it is a lie that 23 million people are going to be thrown off their healthcare?
Where do people get this information about being thrown off healthcare please show me
Hey millionaire Bernie, spoiler alert: Obamacare will do the same thing if left in place. You people need to find a message or a platform
@SenBobCorker and @SenAlexander please protect our healthcare and vote no on #wealthcare

How many of us in Tennessee have to die?

Senator Sanders: how is that FBI investigation going?  #MAGA #BankFraudBernie
Shouldn't you be preparing your defense?
Give the money back crooked Bernie.
They are not being "thrown off" health insurance, new bill is seeking free
market principles and choice for better health care
You voted to throw 28 million off insurance by increasing cost through redistribution
I guess Bernie is going to jail for lying so why should he stop there. It's not 23 million it's only 10 that will have a choice now
NONE of these people have read the 2,700 pages of Obamacare and
have clue none about what it says. You are being used by pols w/agendas
How can you possibly believe a fraud and socialist with your tax dollars.
Stop with the crap, the people  Obama kicked off of their existing plans, aren't even covered by this ponzi, stupid propagandist bull shit!
It's not "throwing people off" you demagoguery commie, and you know it!  It's called choice, i.e. Liberty!
Best stop tweeting and lawyer up. FBI,"he's a coming"
#BankFraudBernie
My premiums and deductibles have tripled over the last couple of years.  I can't afford insurance under the #ACA.  Who is going to help me?
force it on millions that actually work so that the #EntitlementBeggars get a free ride. learn to #DIY
The only #EntitlementBeggers are the filthy-fucking-rich who believe they own the planet & the people & both exist for their exploitation.
Bernie you belong in jail
I wish you the best of luck in the court and hope capito votes with no to save West Virginia.
Cry me a river.
#BankFraudBernie
Socialist lies

Well, Bernie, these folks you are so obsessed about will simply have to find jobs and buy their own medical insurance.
If Bernie say not to do it you know that's the wrong answer. Vote for ACA
#BankFraudBernie Under Obamacare there's 28 million without Healthcare which means under the GOP plan 5 million more will have Healthcare.
TERM LIMITS 
How is this bill going to throw me off of insurance I don't have?
You must be blonde
Call your Senators in your state & tell them how you feel about Healthcare Bill today before it's too late.
All politicians should have the same healthcare that they want us to have.
How did you get rich Bernie?  Off of the taxpayer???
Do you bank much?
