They also provide vaccines, breast and pelvic exams and other reproductive health services at affordable prices.
Sometimes they are the healthcare provider in low income areas for women to get pelvic exams when I lived in FL I got my exams at a PP
Tax money nor insurance cover non medically necessary  abortions, but you want to demonize and stripe providers of healthcare to low income
Tax money isn't used for abortion !!! Get that through your head. They use funding for breast pelvic & general exams & education classes 1/2
Everything in this list can be refuted.  Every last thing.
The floor is yours. Refute away...
Maternity care is not an essential health benefit for people who don't need it.
I'm trying to meet you halfway here but seriously? What pregnant woman doesn't need maternity care? Try again.
Not all women need maternity care
Who precisely wouldn't need health screenings, tests to ensure mom & baby are ok? No Dr. during delivery? 
Be serious
One more time: If a person is absolutely incapable of getting pregnant that person does not need insurance that covers maternity care
I admit I didnt know that. Still not conceding the point. Does you job allow you to individually tailor the parts of an ins plan you are...
PP isn't a "health care provider". It's an abortion provider.
Abortions account for 3% of the services they provide. But sure, that's ALL they do 
Yes they sell parts of  babies that have been ripped from the womb. Sorry I left that out .
Would love to see a legitimate source backing up that up because I'm pretty sure that's been proven false multiple times

Fetal tissue and baby body parts are not the same thing. Maybe you should take a biology class or two.
Here snowflake . Here is what we give crybabies in the Army
I like how you assume women of color are on Medicaid. Racist much there Bern??
how about abstinence? Pretty sure that's free and not govt controlled. Majority of Americans r against abortion except libtards.
Separation of church and state please.  Individual religious rights and beliefs should not interfere with MY decisions.
News flash. Not everyone who is right to life is religious common lie spread by left.
News flash:  the vast majority of those setting policy are.
News flash, killing babies is still killing babies regardless of how you spin it
Read Graham-Cassidy then. 17k for maternity care vs 1k for an abortion. Your baby or your home
Or adoption and they pay for your costs. It is not as black and white baby=homeless. Thats just fear mongering.
Renee, women shouldn't be expected to be broodmares for the rich
Ummm drama much. I was just mentioning if u find yourself pregnant there are options.
The #wraith powerful *love* the teaching 'the little/powerless can be de-humanised and crushed as inconvenient' #HumanAbortion #TheLowMan
Then have them pay for it themselves.  I don't want my tax dollars paying for people's laziness.
People that are in comas 2/2
Dont believe the hype
BigGov still on war footing  https://thomism.wordpress.com/2017/06/22/politics-since-the-world-wars/ … so found a 'right' to not to treat women as biological women under law #RoeVWade
What bout the babies bodies? If it’s right to kill babies, because they can’t make choices for themselves, then ig it’s fine to kill 1/2
We can't - and we're not going to. There are more women in this country than men. This will not end well for them if this bill gets passed.
The problem is many WOMEN are voting against themselves. Women will realize eventually it's a battle on two fronts. It's very isolating.
I feel like this graphic is going a tad easy on the Republican's healthcare plan lol. :/
Totally dependant on a man it's as if the past 50 years of women's lib never happened and I'm so glad I'm not from the US
So you're pro-abortion = pro-kill baby, have you investigated when life begins? Shame of you. Is look like you agenda is more imp that life
All of this is good news. No more murdering children legally

If it's their body, why are they not dead? As a biology major, it astounds me that two organisms with seperate genetic info are in fact one.
Well, one is a parasite, biologically.
The definition of parasitism is one organism benefits and the other suffers; the woman's body does not by a natural condition of pregnancy.
Being robbed of nutrients and potentially dying seem like suffering to me. Also morning sickness, pain, swelling, general discomfort...
What happened? When Planned Parenthood endorsed Hillary, you said they were "part of the establishment"
Women run for office, vote and lead! Stop the GOP bastards in office. You can change this country for the best. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!
Unborn baby has own DNA own body own organs separate heart beat etc Embryology states a new unique human life is created at conception #MAGA
They're just trying to keep women in what they consider to be "their place" which for them is barefoot broke pregnant in the kitchen and
Welcome to the new mideval times, women break out the steel chastity belts.. no birthcontrol for you!
Nobody said that women cant have birth control.
And for an additional 17k a year you can have maternity care, but best pray that baby doesn't need the NICU #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Exactly, good thing only the wealthy can have children!!
Thats interesting since i am not wealthy and had children. Gee i wonder how that happened.
You aren't operating under Graham-Cassidy research. It's a good thing
This is unconscionable.
Please realize that it is bullshit.
The reason I want #Medicare4All is bc I lived in the UK.It was excellent healthcare &it shdnt be tied to our jobs.Americans don't get it.
I appreciate that and the UK is alot smaller than the US. I agree w/ a one payer system I just think It would be better implemented by state
I respect your opinion.
I appreciate the great exchange. Thank u. Most ppl on here are so prejudice against any thought that doesnt align with a specific rhetoric
Thx. Ya, I'm open to hearing other side & see how free speech is being threatened , i.e. on college campuses etc. That's so wrong.
Who makes the decision for the unborn?
The mother, ultimately it's her body. It's a controversial issue but data shows access to safe abortion and bc are least harm policies
The woman. Because it's in her body. When YOU have a womb of your own, you can decide to do whatever you want with it.
The unborn human is not the woman's body.  The womans not being killed, the unborn is. She chose to have sex, that is how babies are created
It is the woman's body though, without her the fetus can't develop into a child. It's a complicated issue but your stance causes more harm
Not killing a human being can never cause more harm.
It's not a human, it's a mass of cells my body is literally producing. Woman createth and woman taketh away. I know our power scares you.
You are also a "mass of cells" just at a different stage of human life. The power to dehumanize the unborn is definitely scary. And sad.
I am currently paying 26% of my income towards healthcare not including a 4k deductible with no additional income. It's shameful!
#GrahamCassidyDeathBill  will.make you pay even more
It's a frightening thought! Idk why govt is having such a hard time resolving these issues. It's greed at the cost of the sick and needy.
Helps woman come to grips with the brutality of killing children is wrong.
And women have the same responsibility!  Scream feminism but then act like we are too stupid to know where babies come from!
Why Would Any Woman Vote for Republicans
Or because they choose to focus on literally *one* of the MANY services they provide. Which gov funds don't even go to in the first place. 
Not true all funds are co-mingled so it is all one pot
Yes true - it is against the law for fed $!to go towards abortion.  In their budgeting the have to delegate fed $ to eligible programs
This is exactly what the people want Bernie!!! I shouldn't have to pay for the murder of babies
Planned parenthood is an abortion mill....not something you use for your "healthcare"
Actually, Planned Parenthood provides many other services including well woman visits, birth control, men's health, and cancer screenings
False...this is the bill of goods they sell women. Women need to stop using abortion as a form of birth control!
No, they are actual services they offer. Have you ever set foot in a PP? They also offer health services for men 
Yes....was there during training as a nurse...so I KNOW what they provide! Men's health is not one of them!
That's weird, what does this say on their website?
Their website is geared to making themselves look palatable. Not too many men going there....guaranteed.
We dont even adopt american kids in america although pp does more for women than terminate pregnancies ? who would take care of these babies
So you expect ME as a taxpayer, to PAY for them voluntarily spreading their legs to abort? Drove wrong way on road lots of carnage, YOU pay?
Exactly
Trojan horse bernie..pp does 3 things..1 aborts 2 condoms 3 advise accordingly..NO HEALTHCARE BERNIE..shame on you ..father of lies bernie!!
Amen
If it is a woman's right to abort a fetus in their bodies why not also while it outside their bodies. Abortion is not a right for tax payers
A fetus is not woman's body part preborn babies should have right to life
Why do you  still support anti choice candidates then
Whom are you referring to?
Now it'll be a debate about single payer.
It's a timing issue sir.  Respectfully, at crucial moments you keep showing up creating division. Rom 14:12
Bernie did U forget about d undercover videos taken at d plan parenthood clinics n  the horrible things they do!watch them again,wake up!
This entire administration is trying to roll back the clock on all but white male men. Or trying create chaos so government fails.
@OccupyDemocrats Oh wow, thanks for educating me that it's THE WOMAN'S body that ends up in a dumpster after an abortion. 
Some misinterp'ed "Iffy" the other day. U ID'ed women of color as dis-pro affected by M'Caid cut. Look'd a like bogus "welfare mom" of 90's
statement. ALL women R hurt by latest GOP bill, but fact: 60-70% of M'Caid recips are elderly (mostly women).  Graham-Cassidy is garbage
Please forgive my miscommunication. I'm new to twitter, but sensitive to statements that smack of old stereotypes.
My only option 4 cancer screen is PP, and I'm not alone. Guess it doesn't matter 2 "prolifers." Ur not prolife if u don't care for women, 2.
Good man trying to make a change happen!
I sure hope NOT
All this talk about losing healthcare endangering lives but there is one case where healthcare supports ending lives...
Why is the only thing on this list being mentioned in all these replies is Planned Parenthood .. ?
Sure, just make them pay for their "mistake", not us!
thank you for fighting for this so called bill. Please don't give up.
Thanks so much for this mess !!! You must be proud !! Fake democrat !!
There are 1,400 free- and low-cost clinics across the nation. They cover everything except baby killing. Are you conveniently ignoring that?
how about we roll forward and protect innocent babies lives? #defundPP
you want the government to make healthcare decisions for all individuals including women. Are you smoking crack?
“Own bodies” is the key. A fetus is a human, not its mother’s own body. Two bodies there, one depending on the other. #adoption
These are basic rights for woman. It starts like this and ends with us having to defend the rest of our rights. Thank you BS for fighting.
They're just using Planned Parenthood for healthcare. They don't have a fetus to abort.
Let's bury this bill 12 feet deep!...
This is some REAL B.S.!!! #respectawomansdecision
Yes, we can. Lives are at stake.
Then you should have worked harder to elect a woman POTUS!
The lack of understanding by politicians that they work for ALL the american people is infuriating.
#rightsactivist
