Trump's budget maybe doesn't make sense, but it's false to say that supply-side economics is a failure. Capitalism is good, Senator.
He's never said capitalism is "bad," simply that it works even better in democratic socialist systems like in Europe, Scandinavia, etc.
that form of capitalism, if you still wanna call is capitalism, is not conducive with American markets and mentalities.
Then our markets & mentalities need a wakeup call. You don't think a country like Sweden has private enterprise?
Maybe Sweden likes what they have and it works for them. But 50-60% taxation will never be acceptable by those raised with American heritage
Maybe. But it seems the "times they are a-changing." Younger generations tend to support moving in that direction.
that's true, but I think it's unfortunate.
Yes, I get that impression. I, however, am encouraged by the changing zeitgeist. I've waited my whole life to see it happen.
You lost to Hillary!
You don't want America to be great. Why?
You said bread lines in Venezuela are a good thing. You are evil
Hahaha! Typical quote mining! Here's the actual context from 1985. It's NOT about Venezuela, but a comparison of repressive regimes.
It does? Just wait for it? 37 years isn't long enough? Then how do you explain the economic difference between Sweden and the USA?
Lol your going to show a graph that shows we haven't had a raise in our incomes sense the 70s? In a time before cell phones?internet?dish? 
*you're* "since" Huh? What do cell phones, the internet, dish have to do with the economic comparison? Swedes don't have them…?
You've been making a fortune off the backs of tax payers since 1981! You were broke before politics but now you own THREE houses! #Greedy
you are so funny.  #trump makes $$ off working class people and tragedies, he's "brilliant". Bernie spends his life in service, "freeloader"
Life in service? Bernie was flat broke before politics! Now he's in the top 6% and makes 4x the national median income! #GreedyBernie
The point is - you don't call #trump greedy. But keep voting for #trump.  It suits me actually.  Less healthcare and taxes for me. Thanks!
Trump made his money in the private sector! Bernie made his money from a tax payer funded salary! He's been on the tax payer dime since 1981
so when #trump finds loopholes not to pay taxes - but lives off the freedom and education system you and I pay for - that's ok right?
Trump paid 25% in federal taxes in 2005! Greedy Bernie used itemized deductions to reduce his own tax rate to 13.5% even tho he's top 6%!
Like a true business guy - he isn't showing you 05 to 16..  Anyway man - I don't want to argue about trump. True colors are showing now
if u want socialism Bernie leave the country
Reagan pulled this also...most republicans believe it...all it does is fill the pockets of ones least needing it & takes from those who do..
As a Kansan I agree with first hand knowledge.  In June SC will decide if we're adqtly funding public ed.  Likely ruling no. #Brownbackistan
Senator the reagan did this and the defacet increased to 2.1 trillion what will it be with trumps budget if it goes thru  40trillion or mor
Then support it of it's the self destruction the Dems. Claim it to be. Everyone support it. So you can prove it's terrible.
So is SOCIALISM BERNARD
Like Trump knows anything about economics-except you can deceive some people, declare bankruptcy, etc. Even Reagan changed his tune on...
A lot of us have been around since the original trickle down theory,didn't work for Reagan,didn't work for Bush it won't work now!!!!!!!
President Reagan in his first election took 47 States out of 50. Then proved why he had 47 States out of 50.
Let's not forget @SpeakerRyan.
Why does your party want 2 become socialists? Do they have a brain & if so just how much of their $ do they want to give to the government?
Call it what it is ROBBERY, maybe GRAND THEFT!  #idiocracy
So did you tweet this from your second or third home?
it doesn't work except for that one time under Reagan when it worked ridiculously well.
To Bernie Sanders. You are correct but only if you are a socialist or communist. Capitalism has fed most all the world up until now.
...trickle-down
As a top 2% rich liberal elite - I say THANK YOU to all the #trump and #deplorable voters for voting against your self interests. #MERCI.
How's Somalia working out for your capitalism model?
Capitalism flourishes during war time though, isn't that part of the defense of it? And his economy is Scandinavian based, as similar to
Venezuela as Somalia is to ours. Pay attention.
Wrong. Let's bring back Reaganomics!
Trickle-down economics, trickle-down healthcare... basically "Give to the rich, and... repeat."
You say this as you follow the guy that just bought his third house... Why did he not follow his own beliefs and pass it out to the poor?
I said that because it has truth beyond your petty false equivalency.
Truth follows facts and there are no facts to back your mystical economic beliefs. I lived under socialism and know capitalism is better.
Facts?
First... It's CNN. Still, that is why you have labor unions. Socialism loses jobs and economies goo down. Unions fight for the workers...
It's CNN reporting on the IMF.
CNN twists anything they can to attack Trump and his policies. They are extreme Leftists. I don't believe anything they put out.
How's your favorite plan in Venezuela working out?
Yes. In the rape capitol of the West.
I do. I read the European news sites. Europe is in grave danger. Ever hear of Manchester? Just the latest.
I'm saying wake up to reality.
Except for when it's tried...then it's incredibly successful. Unlike when socialism is tried and fails and tried again and fails...again
George W. Bush tried to do trickled-down economics and it failed.
Yes the only thing trickling down is this piss on our backs
Didn't we try trickle down with Reagan? All I remember were people being laid off and the school lunch program being cancelled
Yeah... and socialism/communism has been so successful!!!
Then you should like it.
A billionaire and you. Really where did you get your decree? Name one thing you have done in this 150 days to create jobs, stop terror?
Tax cuts for the rich fuel asset bubbles that lead to depressions. Tax cuts for middle & working classes tend to increase spending  &  GDP.
YOU ARE RUNNING IN 2020 or NOT ???
I can't see how taking the people's money from the government and letting them keep it is a bad thing. Less money to government is good.
We are strangled in kansas....total failure, teachers robbed from retirements. Rich win
So, what do we do about budget deficit Obama & last 8 year gave us!
So why do you propose lately nothing
Just like Reagan's was. Erased Jimmy Carter's 20% inflation rate, eased taxes, and brought prosperity to Americans right through Clinton yrs
I'm glad others see that trickle down is a failure. How anybody ever bought into this is beyond me.
Your all a fraud.  Look in the mirror.
How would you knowing you have not even seen the proposal
Communist Bern, please tell us about frauds. Your wife for starter is one, you are one. Socialism doesn't work - like your face.
Tell that to ur savior JFK that was his policy as well
Ask the people in Kansas how trickle down economics has worked for them.
YOU sir, are an abysmal failure and a fraud.  No room for your socialist agenda in real America.  Resign.  Please.
We learned that w/Reagan. So why r we going through this failed scheme again? Oh right, the masses can't remember anything 
past their nose
Trickle down economics didn't work under Reagan for the poor or middle class. It didn't create jobs & pushed the deficit into the trillions!
Amercans have not forgotten that "trickle down" does not work. We need economics to protect all our lives.
What's going to trickle down from the DoD and NSA??? It's just payouts to the military industry, that's all
This so call Budget only serves to help the rich, not the poor! and it's   ludicrous! 24 million to lose Medicate and food stamps,Really!
Has been since started under Reagan
For once the govt is putting the needs of those who actually pay for the govt first!!  About time!!
Lived in Kansas while Brownback destroyed the state budget trickle down is on display in Kansas trump gonna do the same for America
Bernie. Socialism does not work my younger friend!! Karl Marks was dealing in a different time and that didn't work!!Wake up you smuck!!
You and Dems have done a woefull job of explaining the history of the use of supply side policies. WOEFULL!
So did Kansas vote for Trump? Is their Congress all GOP?
I looked it up.  Kansas voted for Trump and it's Congress is 100% Repubs
You're a fraud. You have never passed a bill. You are playing off of america's desire for a folksy hippy grandad but really you are all talk
The accounting for this budget is reminiscent of Enron.
You sir, are the real fraud. Go frolick in your mansions #Judas
We Americans voted against you turning America into a Communistic Country - that's why you're there and Trump is President #democracy
We need term limits! Same talk from both sides. I would at least like to see different faces, even if its the same bullshit!
You should know you and your wife are frauds
Let's face it, the guinea pig died in Kansas.
Much like his presidency... #failure #fraud
Trickle down economics has been described as the rich old men with prostate problems peeing on the poor and less fortunate.
Republicans have proven trickle down economics don't work Just words used for the gullible while they fill their and the 1%'s bank account
Took years for average joes to realize trickle down economics didn't work. Now a new generation is going to have to learn by experience 
Dead on arrival, these stupid Republican's will be cashing unemployment check's soon
NZ has spent the past 9 years under control of PM who also heads the global group on neo-liberalism, media & leaders here IN DENIAL! #nzpol
Big time lie, big time FRAUD.
Only idiots would think this budget is anything but cruel and exclusionary.
Trickle down economics is a sad veil of trying to pool money at the top of society.
Let me debunk this idea "let's make rich people richer to generate jobs and wealth".  WE ARE ALREADY RICH - how is that working out for you?
You might even say (get ready for it) ... trumped up"? #groan
As a Kansas resident, we've watched this ineptitude and favoritism drain our state's finances. We can't let this happen to our country
You build a house from bottom up not top down
This would be a disaster for our country! Thank you for doing what you do to stop this tyrant! From a disabled Kansan.
For those that don't live in Kansas you have no idea what is going on.  How about reading the article for a change instead of assuming.
Trump is going to take Medicaid and cut it back.  He is doing something with Social Security. You n Hillary was right.
Keep talking Bernie. You're the fraud.
1,882 likes? Your support is dwindling Bernie.
You are the fraud,  BS. Even HRC saw it. #payday
Trump's all about fraud. Where's the surprise?
Trickel Down fails because that money is always diverted before it reaches the bottom.  Thanks to democrats.
The rising tide that Adam Smith spoke and the basis of entrepreneurial market capitalism is incompatible with the 'trickle down' charade.
Don't piss down my back and tell me it's raining, senator.
Strange, can't think of a single time I've worked for a poor person. Rich people hire/create jobs. Prove me wrong.
Kind of like the socialist bullshit you constantly promote like the success in Venezuela??
You are bought and paid for so why don't you just be quite!
You are the FRAUD sir...........
Only one thing works, right Bernie? Spend us into oblivion. Well on our way
For a while now, the rich have steadily been getting richer, while the rest of us have been getting less. What happened to the trickle down?
As compared to your Socialist economic theory which works so well in Venezuela
Trumped up trickle down.  It doesn't work
Wrong fraud was imposing your irresponsible spending habits of the last 8 years with no budget. We cannot just spend it has to be controlled
It should be called Horse and Sparrow Economics as that is it's original term!
TERM LIMITS FLAT TAXES
Bernie please explain why cities that have had only democrat leadership are among the poorest with the worst education.
Bernie, how do you explain you're only millionaire vs Trump billionaire? Why only a stupid knows everything?
Hi, I'm @BernieSanders, please forget that I'm a sellout & a fraud
Abysmal failure and a fraud? Sounds like you're describing yourself Senator. Have you filed with the ethics committee yet? It's required.
if your Econ theory worked, Roman Empire wld exist and Cuba & Vietnam would be world powers. You are destroying America.
trickle down economics is real, they just have the picture upside down, money does gravitate to other money.
Heads should be hung in shame
The problem with Trickle Down Economics is it causes the stock market to crash within 7 years after it is implemented. Do not go this route.
They've been getting away with their "trickle down" BS for decades, why?
You give Trump too much credit-he's not embracing trickle down. He couldn't care less about middle class  He embraces what is good for Trump
It cant be any worse than Obama's budget which doubled the debt, saw low annual growth, cost jobs, and destroyed invester confidence. Fool!
I prefer trickle down economics than you sticking your hand in my pocket and taking my money and giving it to losers who don't work...
You got that right!
#Americans r fucking morons 4 continuing 2 foot the bill 4 these POOR corporations and their 35% tax rate (WHO END UP PAYING NOTHING) @POTUS
How about some of these mother fucking corporations actually PAY taxes? CHEESUS FUCKING CRUST IM FUCKING PISSED 
MFs like @POTUS & @jeffsessions ruin progress #MandatoryMinimums #MarijuanaLaws #TobaccoKills #ForProfitPrisons #UsedToBeProudToBeAnAmerican
Really @SenSanders ?! Reaganomics worked until the Dems created a terrible economy that we're now all stuck in.
Trickle down economics have NEVER worked. Challenge the Republicans to show one instance where it has been successful.. The rich KEEP the $$
Let's talk about your fraudulent behavior Bernie
This should be the headline of every paper! No business will invest where pub ed has been gutted!
No, what's fraudulent is try con convince the people we should stay the course w Democratic policy, anemic growth and record unemployment
It didn't work for Reagan, so how could it work for him! Crazy- dies he know nothing about history? Ignorance should not be in WH or GOV.
Socialism is a fraud
It's those #Koch bros and their teabagger clan
Whats a failure is your theory of government Bernie Sanders with no subsidiarity! Power needs to be given to States & local governments!
Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery. WC
ALL economics is "trickle-down"...even in a Socialist country.  YOU are a failure and a fraud.
As you are.  Lol
I left Kansas 2 years ago; way too much hate and dysfunctional. Not one person on the street even smiles. Really creepy
Thank you for as always having the integrity to state what is true Bernie Sanders.
Trump will make America great again!!
Once again not helpful .. your not helping and that is your only job
 Is not this or them. Or us this is about team work not against
Yeah because socialism has such a great track record.
Yes, it _is_ trickle down but it really should be called flow-up economics. Makes the rich richer.
While what you propose is working well in Venezuela?
Trickle down economics only puts bigger pay checks in CEO pockets!
Didn't we try this before? It led us into a deep hole! #norerun
It worked in the 80's. Doubt you complained about the money you made then.
Ur absolutely wrong low taxes limited government = economic growth and opportunity
And your model in Venezuela is such an enormous success?  #socialismsucks
Of course it is. Agent Orange himself is an abysmal failure and a fraud.
Can you imagine if you were a fiscally conservative Bernie you have 10 houses instead of 3
Hey Bernie your voters need to know about the Seth Rich/DNC situation. Get past that first or you will never be a viable candidate.
seth rich conspiracy has been debunked, his name's been dragged through mud but it's all fake bullshit faux made up whole cloth.
Good luck with that this is not going away. Have a good day.
You're a joke Comrade. Look at what an abysmal failure & fraud your Socialist BS is in Venezuela. You're the liar & fraud #Hillarysbitch
You should know fraud I guess since you are a total fraud yourself!
"Measured by the people we get off programs" nothing about how and what happens to those who get kicked off
Everyone who has hired me is richer than me, tell me again how it doesn't trickle down?
Cc.
So was obama's, doubled our national debt and only people like you got richer #13%paidinfederaltax!
Saving in dying dollars is just as bad when Americans could get paid to save in gold they can afford
This is what I have been saying for years live right next door and our new so called GOV thinks its good only for the rich and their pockets
not only does it not trickle, but huge amountsd are sucked upwards. basically middle class getting robbed by the 1%
Good Luck!
So is throwing more $$ at a problem Congress refuses to get together to WORK to fix.Too many years of Lazy Congress. No ideas. No solutions!
Sigh... Same-old, same-old.  cut it out Bernie.
Hey Bernie, how's that economic socialist theory that you embrace working out in Venezuela?
Then congress do something about it cross party lines we the people. Dems get your act together stop blaming
Brownback has been lining his & his friends pockets for years. It's easy when you're constantly cutting school funding.
I prefer the Republican trickle down  theory. most people who work and pay federal taxes can't afford the democrats trickle down plan
this cant be done, the trickle down, let congress take a cut in pay, pay it forward!!!
Mercy after what the last 8 years has did to the world you would think someone on the left would say maybe we need to rethink our thinking
Even after they do this on a national scale and we fall back into another depression, the supports will still claim it a success. 
God help the middle-class and the lower income families. Heartbreaking how fractured they'll become  
The unhappy Laffer curve...
@HendyLA @tobinm117 Kansas is a horror story.
I'll take it step further. He is an abysmal failure. As a human being.
If rich people were able to create jobs, then it MIGHT work. You need a thriving middle-class to buy things for economic improvement.
trumped-up-trickle-down will not improve the lives or financial security of the VAST majority of Americans, including "Trumpettes"
Trickle-down economics. As effective as Homeopathy?
there's a very distinct class gap in Kansas, it is an epicenter for the destruction of the middle class.
Trickle down has never worked for 40 years yet they push it like drug dealers for the 1%
But you endorse trickle up economics. You have no clout taking about economics. Read a book
The budget needs to balance.  $500 billion additional debt every year does nothing except push us down a road to insolvency. Like Venezuela
Omfg!!! If common folks cant see r admit TRICKLE DOWN is A HUGE CLASS WARFARE TACTIC,..then theyve chosen, and desreve this crap..lol..
Who signed the Personal Responsibility & Work Opportunity Act? 2 quote B Clinton, the welfare rolls have dropped nearly 60%,. it works
Worked for Regan.
I like the idea of keeping more of my hard earned money, and allowing me to spend and invest it how I see fit...
Let's see.
Take from the poor and give to the rich . He's a robbing hood .
