Did you move your investments?Try investing in America you SOB. How much tax on single pay HC will we http://pay.YOU  NEVER ANSWERED
its more complicated then that, Canada pays for it with Food drugs alcohol tobacco services and taxes a small amount from each
No it is not.If he is promoting single pay,he should have a close estimate to the cost to tax payers.If not,it is just BS.He does not care
Hey Roger, if you really want to know Bernies plan, here you go, numbers are a little over half way down...
https://live-berniesanders-com.pantheonsite.io/issues/medicare-for-all/ …
Good reading,sounds good.Obama care started the same way.Look at the end result nowSocialism works until they spend all of our money.NO DEAL
So you didn't read Bernies plan for Singlepayer
I will http://watch.You  can make a plan sound wonderful,Look at obamas. You can't submit a plan without a cost,that's stupid.
All ask is that you keep an open mind. If you still feel socialism is still bad for America then I  can respect that...
No disagreement on drug makers.Problem is,You are worse than they http://are.You  use people for personal gain.Conning our youth
Huh? I think you mean the GOP pal.
Go away PAL, Don't bother me PAL
Careful what you wish for people!
That's the result of the insurance companies anticipating for the subsidy cuts. The subsidies that allow for companies to lower rates.
I have a friend there that needed a wrist surgery he waited 6 months and had to travel.
I had 3 gut surguries for Chohns disease spent 3 weeks in hospital didnt pay a dime out of pocket and surg happend day I walked in.
Well you must live in one of the lucky places.  My friend is from Kitchener
Ontario does have longer wait times in the big cities, for electives and non life threatening needs there are waits but not for life saving
Thing is people in would rather not worry about how they will pay for something they need, huge weight off not worrying about your health!
Our specialist wait times with insurance here now are sometimes up to 3 months for some things. I am in a small city 12,000 can't imagine
I'd rather give it to them than you.
You got this Bernie we hear you!
Capitalism doesn't apply to healthcare. For far too long America has chosen rich over poor even in healthcare- it's untenable & inhuman
So it's ok for people to die if they have bad habits even if they can be saved?
Divide & conquer worked fr Brits&it seems to be workin well for american polity.My submission against self-centeredness - joy of benevolence
Good work!!!
No tax payer funding with out recompense back to the public. Damn right. Corporate welfare !
I have been waiting for someone to explain why Medicare can't negotiate
Yes why can't you? We pay 4,6€ for 30 daraprim tablets, you seem to pay 46$. Why can't Medicare negociate?
Mr Sanders is right. This is about putting the patient first. Hope he will succeed.
The days of wrecking small regional colleges and profiting from the remains are also coming to an end. Bernie.
Get your wife's striped pajamas ready bro! Yours too!
Only people going to prison are Trump, Jr., Jared, and maybe a bunch of his inner circle.
WRONG. Stay tuned but first remove the tin hat.
Yeah, you're one of those people who would applaud Trump if he shot children down on 5th Avenue, aren't you?
'Free market' ain't free when every single medicine is wrapped up in legal patents so other producers cannot make the same thing
Can we chat about why those on Medicare are ineligible to receive assistance for their medications? It's a market that most needs help.
Yes!!! I had to search for a grant to help pay for my Multiple Sclerosis med this year. Otherwise copay would be $899.99! Reform needed!
Why did you vilify Hillary so much? Why are your Bros going after Kamala now?
Maybe he should have harder on Hillary - which he wasn't - so the Dems  wouldn't have nominated a flawed candidate who couldn't win.
The idea that the candidate who won the popular vote by 3M is "flawed" is simply absurd.
Is she President of the United States?
Just thinking about out of control drug pricing today. One drug to improve my walking . The other for my Multiple Sclerosis.
Good man. Keep up the good work.
Why are taxpayers funding drugs? Where's that power in the Constitution?
Does this include embezzling? 

@benshapiro @mitchellvii @MrsScottBaio @seanhannity
Blah blah blah.  Talk is all a socialist has nothing else but word vomit.
Namaste. http://HSIonLine.Com 
So why do you keep taking their money?
I love you Bernie
What his sign says seems to be the best option. I hope both sides agree eventually.
Then expect shortages.....
You must end
Not hard..bid out mfg and marketing of drugs separately. Mfg bidder can't market. No patents, only multi-year contracts.
Right.  You'd prefer that you and your gov. tyrants have the monopoly over gouging Americans and making every decision over our lives.
What are you kidding we should give them everything we have then they can't ask for anything more sounds good to me I don't need any food I
It baffles me to think that Trumps fans tend to think that this guy is the wacko...
Bernie, I know you think if you keep tweeting like NEVER BEFOR, we will forget about your $10million dollar  bank fraud. SORRY, we won't !
What's the difference between that and you and your wife steeloning money from a university
Bernie is a fraud.
You're all talk Bernard.

How many of you brain dead hypocrites use these evil drug companies products to stay alive or heal yourselves?
Bet you're ok w worthless green companies taking billions in tax payers dollars though.
After freeloading for years,going to perform miracles now. What a joke. Some people will actually believe this crap.
Insurance cos and Pharms are the culprits along with wall street.See middle finger pointed at main street
what meds do u take ? What if they were never developed? Think abt it
Pretty son the USA won't have drug companies
Obamacare is still a big problem!  The people want #SinglePayer #HealthInsurance
Go Bernie

What if they get mad and stop donating medication for the destitute and illegals?
Did you say anything like in the eight years that Obama was president?

How may TRILLIONS will you take away from working Americans to fund your socialist ways Bernie?
Does this apply to @amazon and @TeslaMotors and @SolyndraCo and your other cronies as well?
@SharylAttkisson @Talkmaster
Why is BIG Pharma taking billions of tax payer money? Because of Obamacare! Stop your bait & switch, repeal Obamacare!
like you who takes millions
But you gave up Bernie.
Remember when you said achieving American dream more likely in Venezuela?  Don't touch any aspect of Econ w your socialist prescriptions.
Prescriptions off the Chart!!
Why is it u and killary want to hurt America?????????
@SharylAttkisson @HuffPostPol Agree. Also, the days of letting Sens and Reps gouge Americans must end. Repeal Obamacare taxes.
But you and your cronies have been in for 8 years and now your spouting off.
All of you in Washington don't give a shit about any  citizen
Yes, but appropriate action needs to come from reality-based individuals that do not think there are too many deodorant choices at the store
Lower drug prices sld make health care cost less. Also need to stop Health Ins cos ftom gouging Americans  & get in control of work comp ins
The scientists get to patent it,the drug company gets profits. The American tax payer gets the shaft and higher tax's.
What I Don't understand is the government funds the research & development of most drugs either full,or part yet  the tax gets nothing back.
Tackle tax exemptions for churches and you or Trump will find billions in revenue.
Go away
Kinda like what your horseface wifey did...eh, bernie!!
Only because they are busted. Criminals everywhere. We need more DC criminal politicians, deepstate agents, pharmaceuticals heads arrested.
No butt head Bernie. The days of letting SOCIALIST & and other DEMs gouge Americans after LOSING billions in taxpayer money must end.
Actually HRC thought he was more like Beavis
If I were you, rather than talk shit about everyone else, I'd be worried about how much Debbie Wasserman Schultz stole from you!
Might worry how much his wife and daughter scammed the banks for their so called college. Need to post their salaries and perks from it.
Bernie Sanders for 2020
ConsortiumNews/William Binney Guccifer 2.0 forensic analysis shows framing of Russia by Vault7 type CIA disinformation. MSM paid 2push WAR
Insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies are making mega $$ while Americans pay 
This is why so many Prezidents have been assassinated and many for much less of a threat to the Mafia!
My mother, teacher for 30 years, needs a medication but cannot afford it because it is 13,000 a MONTH! Thanks for fighting for us Bernie!
How about just quit promoting pharma period! Get it swamp goat?
As long as there are democrats trying to control every industry, interfere in free market economies, and redistribute wealth we'll never win
Maduro Sanders 2020 LOL

http://hotair.com/archives/2017/07/31/new-bernie-sanders-plan-well-semi-nationalize-pharmaceutical-industry/ …
Don't forget all the massive bribes to congress. Did I say that? I meant campaign contributions.
This would be a game changer in so many ways, so many homes & so many American lives  if it ever happened.  Legislation that actually counts
WE RAISE MONEY VIA ... WALK-A-THONS etc. etc. SO WE CAN CREATE DRUGS FOR THE RICH!!! WE NEED A CHANGE!! ... GIVE THEM HELL BERNIE!!!!!!!!
Go Bernie!!  https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2016/09/27/mylan-epipen-heather-bresch/%3fsource=dam …
Agreed, stop taxing me and start taxing churches & politicians.
Why the heck do drug companies get subsidies? Oh, I know, it's capitalism & the poor are supposed to subsidize the rich.
How about we begin with negotiating the price of Medicare recipients' drugs?
You can talk your BS until your blue in you face you'll NEVER BE POTUS
We will keep listening, fighting, and resisting the drug industry with you. Tell @Sen_JoeManchin to tell her daughter this too.
How much did they give to your campaign you phony.
Kinda like how u got your 3 houses !!! Good job
You Go Bernie,
Thinking back to the 90s when GOP convinced us that if US tried to limit drug prices it would kill R&D. That's worked out so well for us. 
Thanx! but doesn't FAR require research results be available  via Data Rights contract clause so other manuf. could produce drug?
U mean they do like u? I'm credible, how did that happened.
Your right. Pharmaceutical,  and insurance companies are profitting from Obama care, not the government or the people. Simple economics.
I love you Bernie, but didn't Senate vote to give druggies right to over charge America? Here $27.00 a pill, rest of world $0.50 a pill
Bernie what would we do w/o you. Our HERO. Yes, we need to put those very wealthy drug CARTELS to task, to lower prices bigly.
I'm all for doing something to lower drug costs, but I can't help but be reminded of Soviet style price controls, which didn't work out
We should charge the greedhounds as much as we can get out of them and put it in the medicare kitty. Not create it so we can pay for it.
Just stop funding drugs. Simple. End the cronyism
. Could you maybe EXPLAIN to me WHY Vermont is included in the cannot ship Kratom list? The NIH Safe alt To Opiods?
Put this lying Socialist and his thieving wife in Prision
Why do you tweet so much?
Stop giving the drug companies taxpayer money
The reason healthcare is so expensive is because of OVERCHARGING!!!
Every American should watch "Adam ruins everything" hospital episode.
Other countries, with Universal healthcare; negotiate for the prices they pay so they can contain costs.  So should the USA.
The most maddening thing .... only politicians can hand out tax breaks!  Government interference in the market is the problem!
Why grant exclusive rights at all, tho? No private tyranny should be awarded monopoly with R&D funded by the people. Y not give all access?
Why doesn't the US talk to Canada, England, Denmark, Sweden, etc. about health care plans? They work quite well.
We appreciate all the help we can get because our prices are getting so much that we have to make some different choices.
I don't often agree with you, but this is a good bill.
Cool. Planning to ease up competitive restrictions so the free market can work or still think you can force everything by law?
he"s right why do Americans pay 3 times more than other countries we are being robbed it"s bs !!
Yeah just like your crooked wife
You're the one giving them the billions! WHY ?!?!?!?!?
Trump & his Big Big Money friends are not going to permit this. They bought this country and they will do as they wish. You have no choice
You mean like the epipen whose parent company was a clinton client and quadrupled the price?! Like dat??
You realize that even if you are successful Donald Trump will get full credit for the Lowering of health care costs
GO GET EM' BERNIE!
How can we trust Sanofi or any pharmaceutical company to do research on medicines when they squeeze the sick for every penny 
Are you going to underwrite R&Dbso drugs are continually researched or should that be done for free when the drug co's can't recover costs?
Just sharing
Whoa! I've agreed with Bernie twice in two days. This is scary!
It was no problem during the BO admin - what changed Bernie?
Why the fuck isn't Bernie POTUS?
Like planned parenthood taking my money against my will to murder babies?
I should run for office. Don't think I'm not thinking about it! 
Go get 'em, Bernie!
It costs 6000 dollars per month for three aids medications; maybe we could buy out the patent ?
You idiots let it get to this point. Another example of why we need to drain the swamp.  Tiered of no common sense w/ lifelong politicians.
Thank you Bernie! Big Pharma gouging is a major driver of high healthcare costs. Stop Big Pharma monopolies!
Very good idea. Healthcare COSTS have largely been ignored. Ambulance chasing attorneys, malpractice costs, drug development costs, etc...
And if anyone knows about gouging,  its Bernie.  #BankFraudBernie
Hour about senators who take millions of tax payer dollars to try and turn us into Venezuela?
Yes, this direction!
Blood thinners can cause unusual bleeding(since they were invented.) Risky, but saves tens of  thousands of lives 2
Monopolizing pharmaceuticals w/outrageous prices should end by set rates of royalties to developing laboratories & thereby open competition!
Bernie, you are legislator, draft something about it, you need help I can help.
How's the public defender working out for ya?

The investigation is a smear go look it up https://twitter.com/JordanChariton/status/882654245786398720 …
It's 2017. Did this just occur to Bernie? Too busy naming post offices and cheating on his taxes?  Oh, I get it. 2020 campaign move.
That makes total sense.  #BigPharma should not be able to charge a fortune for  government funded drugs.  It just makes sense.
Bernie, finally found something I can agree on with you!!!
@AlexCKaufman Drug and insurance prices are out of control! Politicians let this happen! Look in the mirror it's up to you
Gouge Americans after taking billions in taxpayer money must end. Bank Fraud, Campaign Fund skimming is not acceptable action from a senator
Funny how Bernie is a centrist when you look at Europe and the bank loan was for a college, not themselves.
We need voices for both the present AND the future. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts for being the voice of the future, @SenSanders.
Get a plan put to the American people that will prove that you are working for them & humiliate the GOP & Trump
If you work for a living and u hear a socialist say the word "fair" watch ur wallet ur about to get phucked.
About time....you had 8 years
C'mon senator. Virtually all drugs are developed with tax payer resources. (Good idea though).
I'LL believe it when becomes law of the land, till then bernie is grandstanding for his self pleasure.
Maybe we need to limit the length of patents for drug makers. Need more competition
There worst then the Columbia drug lords.
Exactly
Just like your cow of a wife gouged college students.
Start parallell trade on pharmaceuticals from europe, and your cost for medicine will decrease fast.
Bla bla bla bla bla bla,and the corrupted American political machine always win!!!
Bernie Sanders = Trump Antidote 2020
Go ahead Bernie; drug makers won't take the chances on these drugs and then they won't exist at any price.
AMEN straight from the mouth of an African based US trained pharmacist.
Even worse aiding and abetting in the current opiate crisis. Doctors finally being held accountable so should pharmaceutical industry!
You guys are the ones who let it happen for the past 8 yrs
So why did you let it happen all these years?
#bankfraudbernie
Where is your single payer bill? Chop chop Skippy!
