Expose fraud? Really Bernie? What about the #DNCFraudLawsuit that is REAL FRAUD? We cannot change status quo 4 ppl doing same-o, same-o.
Really you?! He's working to get the support he needs to push for the policies we want and you trashe him?
Stop listening to the crazy.
I also respect you for calling me out. These are conversations that must be had to try to reach common ground.
Not sure abt what you're saying but I'll give you a like.
You directly questioned me re my comment. I honestly & logically answered without getting defensive. This is how we grow-diff perspectives
I'm still questioning you. I just don't want to keep arguing non sense.
i apologize. I simply questioned Bernie cuz he calls out Trump corruption but NOT Dem corruption? Leaves me scratching head.
He's got lawyers doing that. He can't talk abt it himself.
Sanders is a fraud too
He most certainly is not. He's as for the people as he says he is. Trump is hated by his home state. Sanders is a treasure in his.
R u really that stupid because he puts on fake smile. His ppl hate him and won't work w/him???
You're clearly very uninformed. Do a little research. I suggest Wikipedia
Good visual...the producers of the show need to regroup and stop bashing Trump for ratings..
Th e show needs to offer straight talk
Lol. Trump deserves bashing.are you serious? The nation should just sit back and watch him destroy America?
How is he destroying America?  He is repairing America.  MAGA!
It sounds like RN didn't vote for him.
I didn't need my degree in psychology to see the type of person Trump really was. Self-serving narcissistic misogynistic bigot
If Koch brothers support Trump then why gas price still low?..any Sanders genius follower response?
Bernie Sanders and his wife are under FBI investigation for bank fraud and he thinks Trump is ridiculous?
The challenge is getting the Republican base to wake up and realize what a disaster this man is. They are brainwashed zealots.
The Dow is at 21678 oh what a disaster Trump has been.
The unemployment rate is at 4.4% ohhgazzzz Trump has been such a disaster!!
Trump has been such a disaster illegal immigration decreased by 77%
Trump is so disastrous he nominated Gorsuch to the Supreme Court... a constitutional scholar without equal
Oh my gosh Trump is a disaster he's actually bombing ISIS out of existence and reducing the influx of jihadists into the USA
Vincent and Andrew And Mike Pompeo agree with Bernie Sanders
Over a year and you got nothing but a bunch of demoncrat traitors.
Says the man whose wife is up on fraud charges.
How about we expose Jane Sanders for the fraud that she is?
America is purposely mistreating our sick!  They make them wait years, or lose paperwork, to not pay them!  Disgusting!  #Consumerreports
President Trump has107-Million Followers across all Mass Media

Morning Joe Rating2.1 out of 10

Bernie Followers5.3-Mil
Duh..he's the POTUS, of course he'll have more followers. Many followers disapprove of him & only follow him to monitor his tweets.
lol, love a Demo justify something that hurts their narrative. Ok, princess, go ahead
Trump accomplished more than any other President before him.  The mess created need times.
 the fraud that called potus a fraud lol
Where are his tax returns and by law he should have filled his financial info with the Election Commission. He never did..
Why are Trumper's constantly defending Trump by referring to Obama and Clinton? They're no longer relevant.
Because you Democrats hold them up as the standard
Keep trying.  You caved fir a pc of Trim and Bernie caved to hide his sins.
Says the guy who rails against the 1% but is a member himself.  And why didn't Joe mention over 1/2 his paycheck goes to taxes. Amazing
Good point..Bernie is over..c a nt trust him
Can we start with the real fraud which is sanders himself???
posers flock together no talent morning blow and crazy Burnie
Donald Charlatan Trump! Aka present-day snake oil salesman.
I decided this morning that I LOVE Morning Joe Show. It's an acquired taste but boy is it good. Thanks for juicing up my mornings you guys!
Know what? I'm biased and TIRED, no EXHAUSTED by the lies spewed by this admin. I'm soothed hearing discussions that aren't heated debates.
You're A drama queen.  Tired and exhausted in caps
Okay so you're #blocked - no time for trolls or other people's children.
Ummmm. ...I think if u look up fraud in the dictionary, you'll find a picture of Bernie sanders. Right above morning joe but below CNN
Stop lying bernie!
U R the FRAUD, rolling over 4 the dems, STILL?! shut up & retire #SellOutSanders
So must Bernie!
sends his supports out to beat the fuck out of the people opposing his commie ways #gfy
Sanders is a fraud as well.
People that live in THREE glass houses, shouldn't throw stones....#BankFraudBernie
I bet he pays his taxes and he is not looking for tax breaks...
Libtard! Look that shit up before you spew nonsense! The same year of the leaked Trump tax returns, he paid almost half what Trump did.
Mkjoe lets Bernie off easy. Bernie is the rich 1%, wife's fraud investigation, how to pay for socialist ideals (is Bernie giving  his $)
Looks like the media is about to do just that!!
You don't get out much do ya? The more is exposed, the more it's @BarackObama  and the @DNC #RussiaGate #obamastillsucks
Stuck in a whirlpool of fake news R U
Why is unemployment down if he isn't keeping his promise to the middle class? @SenSanders @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @chuckwoolery
HA!  You CANNOT be serious???  
Not serious. Just factual @PressSec @SarahHSandiers
Watch morning joke for a little reality check. So why is stock market doing so well or is something Obama did on last months
Morning joke...funny term..did u think of that
No heard on real news network not trying to be funny our nation is divided is that a joke
@realdonaldtrump True Americans have ALWAYS seen Trump for what he is. We just NEED @GOP to remedy the situation & get him outta here ASAP.
there are people who support trump
Leave it to Morning Joe to have Sanders as a guest bashing Trump...thats all you got..really
The show is running out of material...
says the man who wants to redistribute other people's wealth.
Oh no! Billionaires and millionaires will lose a few bucks! Let's weep for them!
I don't see this, but I still respect you Mr sanders. I like a lot of what you tell people, you are still a great leader. Stay honest
Sigh... THIS is who should be POTUS. Bernie has never lost focus, will never stop fighting for what is FAIR.
Bernie is clearly unhinged. Lie lie lie project project project! #maga #RedNationRising
https://youtu.be/zlmuKtyhDKg : @SenSanders said he'll support the working class w Trump, but from day 1, all Dems obstruct Trump. Sanders lies.
listen to the bank fraud king  what a lot of bull
Bwhahaha like there has never been anyone in the GOP accused of financial crimes. http://www.deseretnews.com/top/2243/0/20-notable-politicians-convicted-of-crimes-since-2000.html …
Says one CORRUPT FRAUD socialist to a gaggle of other of the same! Praying for yall #MAGA #dts
Bernie sanders wife is a fraud
Thats priceless. Isn't Sanders being investigated for fraud? Lol
Lol funny statement coming from a man under investigation for bank "fraud"
Bernie you are a fraud! The issue is you nor Hillary won so you are trying to get revenge go home bernie
Bernie where are your tax returns?
PREACH BERNIE
Fear mongering with word games. Health Insurance is not fixing medical costs. Its the problem. Repeal and get rid of it!
You're a fraud. The DNC paid you off, so just sit back, shut up and enjoy your mansion. You are no different than any other politician!
I agree with you 100% Bernie, Donald Trump has to be exposed as the lying crook and fraud he really is who is up to no good.
Donald Trump didn't campaign to save our country and help the American people, in fact he campaigned to destroy our country and all of us.
The way I see is Donald Trump is nothing but a grandstanding con artist and a criminal who deserves the punishment he needs the most.
#Trumpcare makes the billionaires richer at the expense of the poor disabled and elderly! Shame on it's supporters! 
Thank you!! For telling it like it is!
I second that...AGREE
And what is he but the fraud
Bernie is a clever man listen to him
Bernie and the liberal democrats are the real frauds in politics!
You should have stood up to the fraud in the primary
Thanks for sharing 62% of Minnesota.

Without the Super Delegates in MN Bernie would have won the State of MN. Too bad they bought into HRC.
Trump should be credited for dismantling the paedophile rings.Give credit where it is due and criticize elsewhere.
I don't get why ppl love to paint one in full black and another in full white instead of looking the merit in action. Blockage in mindset.

Fraud is the nicest word I'd use right now. Liar, treasonous and misogynist are just a few more.
And your whole campaign and wife are a fraud Bern em up Bernie
Economically illiterate? Check. Let's retweet and try to look smart!
lol says the guy who's wife is under FBI investigation.
FOR CRYING OUT LOUD! HOW EXPOSED DOES HE HAVE TO BE? IT'S BEEN IN PLAIN SIGHT
Okay, I stopped counting at 70 bots on this thread! Bernie must be really making progress vs bad health care bill. GOP pushed FBI complaint
Why is he a fraud.
Irony that a man who cheated very publicly on his family calls someone else a fraud.
DT is Fake News
 He will make millions with Health C. He's  that top 2%
Joe had the distinction of being the dumbest Republican alive to just a typical Democrat...
This coming from a Communist & Socialist.   Liar/fraud!
You people are  knuckleheads...And you believe in false information and lies from Trump.
get capitalism out of healthcare
Yeah yeah yeah as if -- why aren't you talking about how Hillary lost IE the real reason & how the DNC is the architect of its own demise
go Bernie!
Says the guy who came in third...
Republicans know Trump's a fraud and continue to support him. Gutless GOP in Congress follow like sheep. Incompetence will bring'em all down
He will be,sooner or later.
Bernie. My daughter liked you and  convinced me that you were better than Hillary. Why can't the DCgive Trump a chance like we did Obama
I think Bernie should fight for everybody having the same benefit package all senators  have. To Hell with this work crap!
MEANWHILE DON'T LOOK AT MY WIFE AND OUR FINANCIAL DEALING.
I lose all respect for this guy after he said NOTHING about the DNC screwed him.  And I am someone who voted for him.  Not ever again
THE TRANSLATOR ...of course was a Russian spy...we knew that!
Jane has been exposed as the fraud she is, go ask the FBI, the future economic leader B. Sanders (B.S.) will lead to USA demise .
"Stop focusing on Trump temperment and tweets."
What  is the latest on Sander's wife and the land deal? Media ignores favorites follow up
This is the guest you have to attack Trump? An old, white socialist who wrote porn? How classy!
Have you asked about the Sanders' fraud in relation to running a Univ into the ground and stealing $$? Of course not
If you had Bernie on more and Trump on less we might not be in this horrifying nightmare right now.
The real crook is Bernie Sanders wife.
Great show! Terrific show more Bernie Sanders is right on!
thats not going to attract independents...not helpful @SenSanders !
Well Bernie has some good points here and is criticizing Trump on legit things and not Russia bullshit.
Oh yes yes oh please yes!
MAGA. TRUMP keeps his campaign promises. Economy improving.
His fraudulence is exposed everyday, but nobody does anything concrete about.
Since Obamacare is so great how many senators have it??????????
SenSanders did you tell them how Russia helped you to buy your lake front home? As you are aware the Russians taking over government Right$$
Poor Joe, has to use Bernie to help boost ratings. Bernie has dirt on his door step. Give up your say job.
Oh please do Expose Trump and all his underhanded dealings
Perfect place for crooked Bernie to spew his socialist scrap.
He has been but GOP doesn't care. PPL growing restless
Bernie for prez a real president
Exposed? Doesn't he do that every time he tweets let alone each time opens his mouth? People around him helping really well, too! #IMPEACH45
Exposed by the fraud Bernie? I doubt it
#BERNIE2020
@Neumann84  Captain Obvious rants again. He never says anything new or thought-provoking anymore, just the same old retreads.
Please help us get our Country back ..order please...
Old, crazy, communist
Speaking of frauds...let's talk real estate deals Bern
Trump is certifiable. Are we waiting to impeach him AFTER he's activated nuclear codes?

.and what about the fraud Sanders and his crooked wife are...
On today's menu at MorningJoe, serving up more hate with a twist of spitefulness. They will be serving the same dish tomorrow and the next.
How much "exposure" can the American people stand?? It's out there. The man is insane & everyone knows it. When are we going to fix it?
I don't want 2 hear word one from BS.
C'mon, Joe! Crack his skull!
#marxistmuppet
#BankFraudBernie
Everyone talks and talks, but what is being done to stop the insanity coming from the Whitehouse? Kids running amuck w/ no consequences?
How is that bank fraud going?
you and your wife's financial fraud records  must be EXPOSED
Sanders is a fine on to talk
Sanders should talk! What a fraud he is! He's been horrible for our country and never did a damn thing in Congress.
How about you and your wife's  fraud
You too!
The best answers to current problems.
Lock the Orange Traitor Up!!
Noted that you're now registered Independent!  
You and your spouse are exposed as the frauds you are.
Trump exposes himself daily Challenge is the GOP members that show up to watch the peep show and applaud Political pornographer @PressSec
Sanders. What America has been waiting fir a loser
And Joe needs to be exposed on this:
Dear Morning Joe , question - what it is like to embody the notion of white privilege ?
Dear Morning Joe , question - are you that mad over Trump making fun of you ?
Says BERNIE SANDERS......whose wife is under investigation......who is a complete BS artist and fraud himself
Fraud was that a Freudian slip
Socialist Bernie....don't you have some banking business to attend to?
Millionaire Bernie Sanders exposes fraud. One could not script comedy more adeptly than his reality.
It must be hard to admit for Trump voters they got taken!
Said by the guy that promises free shit for everyone
And how does boy toy think about bernies wife and the socialist owning 3 homes
Not a good place to go and try and convince America of any wrongdoing fake news channels don't help u prove a point
Hey Bernie, how's that FBI investigation going.  Bwahahahaha

Lol. You called Trump a fraud?  Got glass house?
LMBO!! Boy if that isn't pot calling the kettle black, I don't know what is. He's a huge fraud just like you people at msnbc!! #LibStupidity
Hmm and the fraud your wife was apart of ?? 200k she collected
Unfortunately, Bernie, DT has exposed himself as a fraud but no one in the GOP seems to care.
Sanders should worry about his current situation and stop worrying about what he can do nothing about.  Your time has past move on.
Right after your lawsuit Bernie
@1AwkwardPause
Bernie your the bigger fraud.  Living your wealthy lifestyle while trying to claim you're for the middle class. You are full of it. Liar!
Bernie who do you think dished dirt on you to the  hillary campaign? Maybe it was the Russians
1000% AGREE!! We have to end this Russian-style Oligarchy being foisted by the Republican Party!
Your wife as well sir
I love Bernie Sanders. #BernieWouldHaveWon #DNCFraudLawsuit  #StillSanders
Sanders been around knows those that shovel "*hit" 2 cover ugly problems2 get Lousy Health care Passed.Shovel's Lined up! Also dig GRAVES
Look. It's the carpetbagger from Brooklyn!!!
Well said Bernie Sanders
Haha...that's funny: Bernie accusing someone else of fraud. How's that bank situation with your wife and the FBI going, Berns?
The problem is the 2 party system! You can't MAGA unless you get Independents. Independent = Balance =Libra =Diplomacy! Look for the Libra!
This story has been told and retold.  It doesn't matter.  The GOP aren't coming over from the dark side.
He already has but the people with the power don't care.
How come nobody called Bernie out on his wife being a fraud or his daughter getting a handout?  Come on Joe.  Why is this one sided?
You're right Bernie..you're right! We need to kill the Health bill before it kills us.
God there's a pot and kettle there. Do you think Bernies ever broke a sweat in his life? Thanks for the assist with the win for Trump!
I thought Sander was the fraud, or is that embezzlement with his wife. Retire to you three homes, thief.
This is what we IND's & PROG's like to call..the slow bern...

#Trump..basted & roasted to perfection...

#Bernie for #Gandalf2020
Too bad every daily line of attack seems to point back to #Obama, #Lynch and #Clinton. Something sticks yet again. Thank God for altmedia.
Joe.  Thank u for taking a stand 4 USA.  Repubs will soon have civil war over DJT .  Not Grey vs Blue this time. Reds vs Red/White/Blue.
Your wife is the one being investigated. I believe they refer to this as projecting.
Ask Sanders how he affords 3 homes, drives in a brand new AUDI, and pays 12.5% in taxes #hypocrite #FRAUD
Bernie Sanders is for Free College for Wife! 

Laughing all the way to Bank Fraud.

Who is the fraud again?
That is for sure would be a good thing to get him out
Trump supporters, give a listen. Skip talking points and think about what he's saying and see if you agree. If not, voting against interest.
