Why not just go all-in, and raise it to $15 now. Ramping in to it incrementally so it goes up to $15 in years is a bait/switch.
And pay 10 bucks for a burger
Bernie - your state Vermont doesn't have it!!!  Why not ???  Vermont should've been the trendsetter years ago!!! I'M OUTRAGED!!!
Democrat legacy: 1865-start the Civil War to keep slavery;  1955-Opposed Civil Rights Movement;  2017-Suppress freedom of Speech.
If you make $10/hr, it takes 3 yrs for a bump - $11/hr, 4 yrs - $12/hr, 5 yrs - $17.81 based on 2016 wages. Will it hurt small businesses?
If that happens the Budweiser will say "made in China" too
Thanks Bernie Sanders raising voice for every worker bcz life is not possible w/ them . May God help in ur mission.
Although $15 per hour is significantly higher than any
minimum wage in the country, it is not a living wage in
most states. A national
living wage for a single adult is
actually $16.87 per hour, based on a weighted average of
living wages across the country
https://goo.gl/v5v4Xh 

Seems if one wants to fight they should fight not to be in servitude
I don't think all positions should pay minimum of$15 they would fire one employee to make one do the job of two... Smart Educational System
"We cannot rest until we destroy americas economy by overvaluing unskilled labor and denying offer and demand!"
that right i knew the dam fools who went to school and applied themselves were trying too hard.
They already do have that right.  It's called learn a skill or trade worth 15 an hour.
Min wage should be tied to collective property value of a city/state.
Or maybe it could be traded like a commodity and fluctuate based on a fund of other basic commodities and some luxuries like Dr. visits
They already do have the right to make 15. It is the SKILLS people lack
I didn't know it was illegal for some people not to make $15 dollars an hour. It seems absurd that there is a cap on how much they can make.
Let's give politicinas $15 hr.
TERM LIMITS FOR SENATORS AND A $15 AN HOUR SEE YOU LIVE ON THAT
bsb, do not rest.
The companies must change not give a base pay & work employees 6 days & 10 hours a day like slaves as they are doing so they don't make much
Nobody has a "right" to others money.  They will be paid on what the value of their labor is worth.
It would get many off of government support.
Everyone does have that right. There is no law preventing anyone from making $15 an hour. Only their own decisions. #truth #simpleeconomics
Supply & Demand. Out with free loading illegal criminals who get entitlements and usually work for cash so they can dip Snaps, bye bye.
Or what? They can steal the difference like ..........
Who doesn't have the right to earn $15/hr?
Thanks Bern. U talk the talk and walk the walk.
Wish u were our POTUS
Every worker already has the right to make $15! It's called advancing thru hard work! Want more than minimum? Then increase your worth!
Congrats Bern, Americanas already carry the potential right to earn $15/hr. #socialism #democraticsocialism #sameshit
Rather than putting in one fix now that will be obsolete in 5 yrs, why not just tie min wage to a math formula related to CPI?
If I want to accept a position for $10 an hour, who the hell are you to stop me??
Small businesses can't afford it! Dummy!!!
Retirees who retired with pay half that size would fail to be able to exist on what was stored for their retirement years. Wake up Bernie!
Lake Houses For Everybody!
Inflation
Raise it now, not in 2024!
After taxes n other BS, $15 is still not REALLY enough, but it's a start !!! @SenSanders
Why don't we pay everybody $20/hr to just stay home and watch TV, huh Bernie? You pull that off and I'll even vote for you next time....
THEY HAVE THE RIGHT YIU JACKASS!  They just don't have the will or determination to do better!!
Bro. Read an economics book. You will make unskilled workers unemployable.
"We cannot rest until small business is destroyed" -Bernie Sanders
You don't have any right to a wage. You get paid what you are worth.
If I were you I wouldn't rest until you found who killed #sethrich. He died for you!! @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump
At least. Even that is not enough.
Wrong better to make it so that we can all live off $2.50 and hour ... cancel welfare cancel immigration and it will happen
#comrade you realize everything is just going to cost more and the poor uneducated people you want to give raises to will still be poor
Pretty sure we all have the right to make whatever we can already
They do and have always had that right
So give her your ridiculous salary and work as a volunteer!
Let's all get ready to take a bite of that $12 Big Mac. #plainfuckingstupid 
You wont be able to do that ..at least for the next 4 years !!
Every worker does have the right to earn that. They have the RIGHT to earn more depending on their choices. How are you a politician?
Old man won't rest until the lowest earners are priced out of a job! You really should read ONE economics book in your life. Just one
My small little restaurant will close
Are you kidding me?? Im 17 years old and i work minimum wage. You crazy if you think fast food workers like me deserve more. Easy ass jobs.
Sure we can, really, take a break for the country Senator!
Even if you're making more  Bernie?
I agree but it also needs to be adjusted for cost of living. $15 is not enough in major cities.
Regardless, they don't hurt the billion dollar corporations and interests that can handle the costs. They immediately hurt small businesses
These policies are actually lobbied for by big corporations and banks. You know, the people you're supposed to be opposed to?Kills small biz
We have seen what these policies do. They don't work, they make small business suffer, and jobs are killed. We need #liberty. Not tyranny
they do graduate high school. Get a skill or go to college join the military. You make it yourself the world owes you nothing.
....and $20.00 or $25.00 a hour.
- Businesses will just automate and we'll have more unemployed. You don't understand basic economics.
You constantly violate your oath of office. It's time for you to be impeached, and your wife to go to prison.
They have the right. Get a better paying job other than an entry level position
they do have the right lol they just have to do something worth 15 an hour
Everyone has the right to make 15 an hour and much, much more. Its simple, work hard, get an education or a trade.
and then prices of milk, gas and everything else goes up to accommodate that.  No thanks
So you want small business owners to go belly up cause they can't afford 15/hrs. Your pretty dumb!
the employees that will loose their jobs will have plenty of time to rest that's for sure
Everyone can make $15.   They just have to be able to do something worth that much.  You make $125 an hour. Is that too much?
Oh, but Trump's trickle-down economics will help everybody, because corps. always share the wealth, right? It works for the CEOs
And own 3 houses!!  #senator3houses
Maybe just some places and not everywhere, k?
Go away !!! Bernie Sanders remembers when $15 was a lot of money !!! Today is 2017, $15 doesn't buy much of anything !!!
Why stop at a minimum wage. We need to legislate a maximum wage of $50 for Congress, DRs, lawyers, teachers, actors, musicians, potus, CEOs
That's still part time student wages
Why do you want to ruin the middle class?
I'm sorry, but I have a "minimum wage job." There is no need to pay someone 15 dollars an hour to push buttons on a cash register. Absurd.
Every American already has the right to make 15$ and hour if not more
Every worker ALREADY has that right, it's called getting educated and not working a minimum wage job
Do your God damn jobs and impeach! How bad does it have to get before you all do something? As a Native Americans we deserve better.
Bernie you can't do that you just read the prices of everything else a domino effect and you're right back where you started
They have a right to make as much as they want now.
They have the right get an education and work for it no more handouts
Pony up some of your millions bernie
No one has denied anyone that right. If they don't earn that rate its because they don't offer a skill for that amount, you dolt.
How can a small business pay it's workers $15hr?. That would mean they would have to raise the cost of goods and services. Peace be with you
#FightFor15 #EnoughIsEnough
Minimum wage is not an inalienable right. Why do you think you have the right to dish out rights as if you were God? #communismSux
And now - not next 5 yrs
Go Bernie!
Everyone does have that right!  Apply for a job paying that and be the best person.  This is the dumbest thing said yet!
Way to help big corporations and screw over small businesses, Bernard.
OK BERNIE, I WOULD LIKE FOR YOU TO DO THE PAYING! I WOULD BET THAT YOU NEVER HAVE RUN A BUSINESS, OR NEVER HAD A PAYROLL OUT OF YOUR POCKET
everyone has the right & opportunity to make $15 if they work for the right company & have right skills: no skills:no job!
Why not tie min. wage to inflation?   In which case wage should be $22.00 hr.
They already have the right. They just have to find someone willing to pay it.
$15/ hour wont fix inequality  only make it worse
Or afford the rent and health care and stable retirement. They're all inextricably intertwined.
Do you think we should have national separate student wages for those under 18?  My niece has more spending $ than I do :)
We can't rest until everyone has a fair & easier financial chance to go to a post-secondary education- even a free as so many nations.
Maybe we need other measures as well to act as a bulwark to keep other sectors from simply inflating cost to compensate?
Big corporations will automate minimum wage jobs, small businesses will die. Bernie should know this by now.
I want the people at Walmart to make a living wage too, but $15 is an arbitrary number that will eliminate most minimum wage jobs.
The traditional Marxist maxim should apply,..The wage that a laborer earns should be in line proportionally w/ what they produce.
The real issue is unless one is executive level they are seem as inferior and underserving of the necessities of life. 
Bernie all of your snowflake followers will no longer be able to eat at McDonald's because a cheeseburger meal will be $12
Every worker already has the right to earn that much, or more. But they have to put themselves in the position for that job.
Sanders, you know that will only increase the cost of food, rent, mortgages, and fuel in the long run, and we will be back here again.
Everyone has the opportunity to make 15$ an hour now. What's the problem?
Why not 100k an hr? Minimum wage doesn't fix anything #bernout
@SenateDems @YouTube we cannot rest until ISIS is WIPED OUT
Better arrest the parents of that kid running the lemonade stand. F'n slavers! Its a RIGHT after all. Right there on the bill of rights!
A RIGHT to $15/hour? Even if they're bad worker? Or have no skills? Or choose to work 5 hours per week? Why not make it a right to a job?
Add healthcare and education to that - thank you Bernie sanders. You have been on the front lines!
I know your heart is in the right place but $15 will just increase prices and they will be able to afford less!
Especially since healthcare will be out of their reach
Inequity+proverty maintained when Workers Con't earn poverty wages,MainSt suffers+MidCl shrinks=NO MORE TxCuts>rich+Corps=TRICKLE DOWN FAIL
U ppl in DC should take a pay cut because u don't do shit but take a lot of time off and don't do anything 4 the ppl that pay ur salary.
Your absolutely right. Support a bill for everyone in Congress to make $15 an hour.
Meanwhile, American Values have homeless under attack!
More jobs creates higher wages....help to dismantle NAFTA
Who is not allowed 2 make $15 an hour?
Every worker does have the right to make $15 an hour.
Won't this cause price level to rise and workers end up being in same or worse position?
Yep and ever republican is out of office
Every
Every US worker already has that right. If they earn it and provide $15 / hr worth of value. "want fries with that?" is not a $15 value
They should work for free.  Everything in your world is free.  Isn't it.
Creating an inflationary spiral.  What about those on #FixedIncome? Unintended consequences
News flash! Everyone in America does have the right to make $15 an hour...
Assuming those workers are even able to find a job. But socialism can take care of the unemployed, right? So no concerns.
Everyone does have the right already! Never convince me otherwise!
Bernie, I love you man but raising the minimum wage to $15 will only spur a rise in prices for everyone. Purchasing power stays the same
Every American has the right to earn as much as they desire!The potential is limitless,Oh but you want to take success and redistribute
Everyone has the right to earn $15/hr. Not everyone has the ability or the drive to earn it.
Um, many countries in the world have a far higher minimum wage, are less rich than the IS and have a higher standard of living
Sorry - that was directed at the tweet under mine. But it is ridiculous that US citizens should have to fight for such paltry money.
U don't have 2 fight 4 it if ur worth it
But if workers are paid a living wage for working 40hr a week  then how will trillionaires make money from doing nothing?
And if so, you say 20 and 25 and 30. Socialism is a dangerous addiction!
INSTEAD OF TAX CUTS FOR THE WEALTH!!!
Fight Bernie, fight!
Workers CANNOT wait until 2024 to make $15 an hour, this needs to be NOW. How can this be fighting for the people? weak half measure!
Ok as long as you are willing to embrace automation .
And health care and prime education is free for all citizens.
Just maybe if u didn't stay in the race as long as you did maybe Hillary would be working on that now
You're hilarious! 
Not intentional but I think Bernie needs to look in the mirror. He drove a lot of votes to stein and the other guys e.g Florida
Hillary would just continue the status quo of this slow death spiral into oblivion. Both sides suck and don't give a fuck about any of us
I would've preferred to take my chances with hrc
Every American has right to EARN $15.
Really stupid notion that what you worth to the company is somehow the right! You have the right to earn what you worth.
They do have a right.  They have a right to EARN $15/hr., not just be handed it.
Then we need to educate them and get them out of entry level positions.
I like your attitude, but its like giving 2 little ibuprofen for leukemia! PROPERTY VALUE INCREASES must COINCIDE with min wage increases..
The CLASS WARFARE works when prop values rise, then cost of living, but min wage needs negotiation..they get a little more w each deal..
They have had the right to make whatever they want. You continue to act like gov has all the power in peoples lives and they have no control
Everyone has the right, but few deserve to earn
when was the last raise you got BERN ? how much do you make a year?
living as a politico since 1981 loafer $174,500/yr so dishonest
It might be a good idea to refuse to do business with an organization unless they pay at least 15 dollars per hour.
Employers pay 4% into workers SS. That 15 end up costing them $20. Socialist have no head for business!
You sir are a nincompoop
So many people would lose jobs because businesses cannot sustain themselves if they have to pay that wage!
Is raising min wage all relative? In other words, if min wage goes up, won't everything else b raised in price too? Just trying 2 understand
So they can afford three houses, Senator...or pay more taxes to pay for yours?

#MAGA #GOP #TCOT
$ will end soon no matter what
Dems are trying their best to drive as many people into public assistants as possible
This guy needs his meds
Then #tax the shit of them
This is insanity.
Why did you not raise it to $15.00 ..you had 8 years to do it !
How many people do you employ?
To be honest, Bern, this is a terrible idea. Every worker does have the *right* to earn $15/hr
Poor Bernie is not gonna rest. Give me a break Bernie. How is fraud investigation on ur wife going?
