You sold out and your wife is up to be charge with bank fraud please just go away no true American wants one world order
We also don't need more stupidity in the world. So please, go back to your troll hole and fester in there quietly.
Because name-calling is all you people can do you can't come up with a solution you just complain about others try
Oh please, don't tell me BCRA is going to change your life for the better because it WONT.
I believe having more then Government choice healthcare is for the better
First of all, you do understand WHY we pay taxes right? And you do understand our TAX $ goes through budget planning?
Why are you using a road paved by the city? Why are you using the water filtered by the city? Why are you using social benefits like...
Thousands of people die every year of natural causes. What are you doing to stop that?
yes this is this thing we're talking about, great work
Make no mistake about it, politicians will use hyperbole to scare people to death. The above is a case in point.
He's talking about the 28,000 Americans who are going to die as a result of not being able to get access to basic healthcare.
Those 28k won't be turned away from a hospital. There are free clinics everywhere too.
So yes, considering a lot of basic needs are going to get neglected because those 28K can't afford it, they very much will be turned away.
Hospitals do not turn people away.
There is no one standing outside hospitals only letting in those they know can afford treatment. Sooo
I'm talking about being able to afford the care they get when the price gouging insurance companies inevitably refuse to cover them.
Blah Blah Blah again.  Both the ACA and the new Republican bill will have the same effects on the American people.  We need a NEW bill!
I agree repeal and start from scratch
If you don't repeal there will be no obama care to replace instead of bashing people that don't have your view look for a solution
Bernie, can you come clean and tell us how many homes you own and what your combined income is? You sure blame others while doing nothing.
Bernie's income tax is public, unlike Trump's 
http://www.bernietax.com/#0;0 
Bernie LOST President TRUMP won. Lets hope for the best for Mrs. Bernie in that FBI invest. Some of that money will be paying 4 good lawyers
Make no mistake about it, thousands of Americans every year will die unnecessarily if Obama care is left as is, duct tape won't fix it
I won't begin to make that mistake. It would seem that your stats are mistaken
Republicans want people poor, ignorant & sick so they can't pose an effective resistance.
Really name one GOP policy that keeps people poor With the next election 4 years away how many times you the a dem will go to the inner city
Oh. "brockcanshoot", guess what, there are millions of guns in the ghettos & thousands of pissed off homeys who might just find you.
False prophet.
And they will feed Grammy dog food just before they push her off a cliff
 SO TIRED OF DEM BS
10s of 1000s R dying under #ObumaCare cause they can't afford 2 buy it & they can't afford 2 use it, shut up and retire #SellOutSanders
No shit. Just look at the VA. Especially when you were the chair.
Good, that's much less welfare that working Americans will be taxed to support their leeching assess.
I work, have insurance. Can't afford my out of pocket for a life saving surgery. We need universal health care like other 1st world nations.
Or perhaps you need better self control so you can save money in the bank for such an emergency. It's not the taxpayers responsibility.
Hahahahahahahahaha OH Lord. This will be a fun thing to discuss with my co-workers tonight.
Why font you help not just run your   like ur onlly half
Unbelievable what you put out.
Did you care about the thousands that stayed sick or died under the ACA when they lost insurance? No you didn't, it's a vote to you only
Thousands of Veterans were dying during unnecessarily for yrs and you didn't do a damn thing. #ShaddyPines is ready for you. @DLoesch
Deny who Healthcare?
Everyone who has a JOB can afford to pay something!
Really? So my 20 yrs in banking is me playing monopoly...#CantFixStupid
That shouldn't be!we don't have any right to take others life
Really?  Last I heard there would be eearthquakes, floods, locusts, and a number of other plagues if Trump was elected. End of the world NOT
Sanders, are you really that stupid? Intentional panic creation!! Look to the baby in Britain that is socialized medicine. It Don't Work!
Vincent and Andrew And MikePoAgree with Bernie Sanders
It's the old man who sold himself to Hillary for cash to buy a new mansion
And this is coming from d idiot who sold himself to d Hillary
Thousands of Americans die each year because Congress can't outlaw cigarettes -
I want my health insurance back, the one that covers me, I want my Dr back, if you can't afford insurance then get a job
Make no mistake SIR YOU HAVE EXPLAINING TO DO. #VotedAgainstSANCTIONS
you know darn well that your whole party is corrupt. The more you talk like that proves you're one if the globalists
@SenSanders  you sir have no more credibility left
With hysteric violent hyperbolic venom like this, it's no wonder your supporters feel justified in murdering conservatives.
Did dying go down in the USA the last few years?
HE IS TALKING ABOUT ILLNESS AND ACCESS TO HEALTHCARE GOOD LORD
Jesse, no one believes that tired line that " more people will die if". I've heard that BS for twenty five years. Dumb then. Dumb now.
Riiiiiiggghhhtttt.And it's *Jessa. Why is it that we are the only 1st world country that doesn't offer universal healthcare? "Tired line" ha
Our size and crooked insurance lobbies. That's why. But this crap plan is no different than the last crap plan. But the other problem is $$.
I'm sorry. It corrected to Jesse.
millions will die same old liberal scare tactics
Currently #science says that since Obamacare passed, life expectancy dropped, which means you Democrats have been killing people every year
Down from millions mr socialist?
What other party wants to actively kill their voting base?
Sounds a little bit like ISIS.

To be clear, thousands of Americans die Every Year, with or without gov't intervention.
Sounds a lot like, "if you do not agree with me, if you have independent thoughts, you may not speak. Diversity of thought not allowed."
Make no mistake, thousands of republicans will die unnecessarily if Bernie continues his hyperbole.
Really, how so? #Idiot
Well all you Bernie supporters are just a short drive away from shooting up ball fields. Everyone knows that.
Right. one nutjob makes it everyone. Kinda like KKK is representative of all Republicans, right? #NoCommonSense
Oh it's true. Everyone is representative of the worst of the other side. I'm just playing by your rules of identity politics.
Uh, you started with this bullshit. I simply responded. You can't have it both ways......
I can have it all ways. If the left taught me anything, it's that consistency is for pussies.
B.S. fear tactics by the Saul Alinsky master! Bernie traveled to South America preaching socialism, now look what's happening!
You're correct, Bernie. Thousands of Americans will die every year. But that's gonna happen regardless of what's going in politics.
You have not cared about the poorly managed VA that killed thousands.
No one is going to die because they dont have insurance. Stop playing word games. Health care is not Health Insurance. Fix medical costs!
Still lying Bernie. Really? Thousands of American will die...? How many have already died because they can't afford Obama Care?
Bernie, the majority of Americans know this, Republicans know this. the difference is THEY DON'T CARE, OR BELIEVE HEALTH CARE IS A RIGHT>
You are such a storyteller and I am being nice. You are so out of reality you even let Hillary put the screws to your presidency attempt.
They literally take any bit of drivel they can get, just look at how many people followed this joke of an account
More fear tactics. Careful Sanders you're going to stir ppl up.
Communist fear mongering is pathetic. You should have stood up to the dnc before the convention rather than obeying Obama & endorsing Hrc
gimme a break! Stop causing panic..thats ALL you seem to do.get the facts and stop bamboozling the public....
Regardless gov healthcare is a big power grab.
Hey @SenSanders:

Your platform was "Free shit!"

Is it now "Free shit & live forever?"

Thousands die every day.

It is called "mortality"
You got that right Bernie..

And many many more will get sick.  Greed is a trance we much awake from and soon.
Congress needs to have their money n health care taken away . Some people have no idea what it's like to go without. We pay their salaries.
The corruption in Washington is beyond the imagination.
Indeed it is
What about all the people who were kill by the opeiod fraud.
Over 400 being investigated why isn't that on your Agender BERNARD
That's ridiculous @SenSanders
wouldn't have happened with you as president. So sad that Democrats can't get their shit together
Because they can't afford insurance but can afford cigs, tattoos & cell phones.  #getAjob
And millions will lose their jobs
Make no mistake about it, thousands of Americans every year will die unnecessarily if sanctuary cities are allowed to exist
"Thousands of Americans" will die unnecessarily every year due to death by misadventure, drunk driving, drug overdoses, natural disasters...
Trumpsters don't care. They would rather their family friends and church members suffer and die with no healthcare than live with Obamacare.
1 million babies die by falling victim to abortions every year as Bernie Sanders tries to deflect that fact with rhetorical BS.
bernie you know better, socialism kills,, everyone wants into America because of capitalism, I don't see you moving, it's made you rich
Yeah, it sucks too
GOP death wish. They're all #DumbasaTrump
we must sacrifice a few 4 the many! understand this truth 4 the sake of ALL LIVES entire Globe that we call Earth & kno as our HOME PLANET!
It all about tax relief  for Rich. They do not care about Mid C & poor.
He counts on people being too young or too stupid to remember obamacare didnt exist a few years ago. Were people dying in the streets?
Bernie counts on useful fools who buy this. That's why so many dopey milenials by his "free stuff for all, those who achieve are bad" story
If the GOP wanted sprinkles on their ice cream cone the idiot democrats would oppose it and claim millions of people will die. Such crap.
Millions will die if you and the rest of congress dont do something about Trump.
Bern we all die eventually, ,but then again you're an exception,,how old are you bern...85..90?
That would solve part of the problem with socialized medicine. How about the 100s of thousands dying from Dr misdiagnosis??Do u care?
And that loss of human life fits with a Darwinian view of survival of the fittest - not of the least privileged!
Correction: Survival of the most privileged.
And thousands more will die with socialized healthcare.
Like they do now with socialized Medicaid & Medicare?
The VA is the closest we now have to socialized healthcare. And yes, people die waiting. But all HC solutions will cause death.
What about Medicaid & Medicare that run very well?
If leading to a fiscal collapse, with studies showing no better health outcomes than people with nothing - is 'run very well' - then yes.
You have to run again....RUN BERNIE,  BURN RUBBER BERNIE!
How are Republicans getting away with exempting themselves from the very health care bill that they are proposing? I'm caught with the cost?
Trump + McConnell care about 1 thing: repealing ACA.They don't care about a good replacement or if you die as long as they get their repeal.
GRANTED.
Now let me ask you this.
WHAT IN THE HELL makes them think they can even "THREATEN" to kill people and expect to stay out of JAIL?!
Scare America with lies as usual!!
That's what Americans want, they've been fighting against good healthcare for decades.
I agree, Mr. Sanders. The naysayers either can afford their own health care, have it through their employer or just have not gotten sick yet
Stop scare mongering, you do more harm than good. Besides you can't prove what you think.
Tens of thousands, at least.
You are sooo  right
Love you Bernie! Thank you so much for working so hard for the American ppl!
Right? Medicaid recipients in hospital ICUs will die when they lose coverage will die. As will any who require medical equipment or surgery.
Thank you for holding your focus on this important issue as distractions abound in the news God Bless You.
The sky falling the sky is falling!  Quit your fear mongering and tell the truth chicken little. We voted against your socialist policies!

Come on now! This is time to work together. State your issue. H. Clinton stole your shot at president! You would've won as a republican.
Were they before?
Fear mongering ass hat
So...premeditated murder.
But you would suck at making us strong, OB really made us weak!
And go broke over OB care!
What do you have Bernie? We are all waiting!
If the DMC backed you instead of the Hilldog, you might have won.
#SaddenedByTheDeathOf #IncomeBasedBudgeting 
It's #Disgraceful each #CongressRefusesToPayoffItsOwnDebt
#CongressDumpingDebtOnKids #IsVeryBad
Abortions
Hey Bernie what about the three hundred thousand of orschlens liberal Lefty Planned Parenthood does each year
337000 democrat abortions 2016
Sad thing is that saving Obabacare is the goal not because it's a good plan but because it is former President Obama's legacy legislation.
Well let's Pray for the World not just a part. A part can affect a whole. #concerned4usall

So if Republicans help save Obamacare how long before congress signs up rather than opt out?  If it's good for my family why not yours?
Brutal republicans killing thousands of Americans with a legislation . Save us Dr. Sanders 
Like they aren't already dying under the current ObamaCare that you voted for. You are nothing but a damned liar.
Pharmaceutical drugs kill over 200,000 people a year unnecessarily, make no mistake about that! But you don't want people to talk about that
 stop with the dramatics 
Millions cannot afford their healthcare under Obama Care you are a lying corrupt Government official
Fear-mongering old twit
GOP doesn't care as long as the ruling class gets more money and power. It is like modern serfdom
Are you crazy? How will they die?
you should be using the Danish model. We pay a little higher taxes, but we have 100%  free healthcare
Bern stop with BS scare tactics and have a real conversation other than bloviating CRAP!
Thank you for leading the fight. You're the voice of reason among the swamp of imbreds.
And what's your thoughts on treason?
They were while your party was in power and you didn't say or doing nothing.
And where is your alternate plan?  Obama care is failing and your complaining about the only group is presenting any ideas. #DoSomething
NOBODY is buying this BULLSHIT lunatic. 1800/ month in taxes and healthcare benefits I'm paying on a 65k salary. Do the math!
Right because BEFORE the Unaffordable Uncaring Act, the streets were littered with bodies. #idiot
Correlation and causation are not the same thing.
Bull
Stop it Bernie. Why don't you help them then? If you care that much get donation and help them. I'm not going to pay for the illegal aliens
After 44+ in healthcare, I have project COB Score for GOP/Cruz Non-Health Plan will show 32M w/o coverage & 300K deaths!
But don't thousands die every year anyway? Just saying...#yourdiplomat
hey, if it costs the repubs $..get rid of the drain...who cares about these lives, the repubs & PSYCHO don't
do those people's own health care problems come from personal choice of unhealthiness, at the expense of those who stay healthy
Did someone say "death panels"?
Tell me how the Democrats were different than Repubs? The 2016 DNC committee votes proves they're all on the same page. Wake up folks.
Why do you keep fighting for a party that fucks it's voters?
I'm a nurse. Pts were dying before they started butchering the piece of crap.My disappointment in Bernie,worse than Trump being POTUS.
People will die unless we do exactly what the communist says lol OK buddy
Give me liberty or give me death!
Alarmist
We need your Medicare For All bill to fight for! 
http://www.millionsmarchingformedicare.org 
Sore loser? Wth are you saying? Fighting for ethics is being a sore loser?  Just cuz you have no moral compass, don't project that on us.
Whatever helps you sleep at night dear
I speak truth to power while you just blame and insult. Shame on you. The real losers just can't deal with the facts.
But you are fine with hundreds of thousands abortions every year and don't consider them human even though they are. You were also once.
Bernie Sanders is a one trick pony and this healthcare crusade is it,  after that he'll enjoy a fat pension and gov issued healthcare ironic
Also Bernie hasn't enjoyed this much attention in the whole of his political career, must be nice, while it last.
Please let it pass that way all the poor people would die. Thank You.
I wish someone would pay attention to the hundreds of thousands of children that get sexually abused in one year.
dude why didn't you hate on the ACA as much as you run your mouth now?
We must fight for Medicare For All! Need your bill, Bernie!  http://www.millionsmarchingformedicare.org 
probably a death which couldnt be prevented even with care
Isnt population reduction kind of the unspoken goal of an empirical republic?
Hey Big B, you lost the election...nobody cares about what you have to say. Really nobody that matters is listening to you. Go take a nap
This year I paid $7,000 more on my insurance *unnecessarily* and you want to take the credit for saving lives? I saved those lives Bernie.
Bank Fraud Bernie, hundreds will starve and die because of your bank fraud!! Your cheating the bank out of $10 million dollars! You crook!
That is the GOP plan and they will succeed along with enslaving the poor and destroying the middle class
. Maybe if they got off their butts worked hard, like the rest of us, they could afford healthcare Instead of quadrupling my costs!!
Oh Bernie, you are killing me if you don't stop. Your concern for the less privileged than you doesn't cut the mustard. You are PRIVILEDGED
Shaddap
As opposed to the current un-affordable health care act? I just love government mandated 'Insurance'
Make no mistake about it, millions die every year in socialist led countries! #Venezuela
Make no mistake you will not get re-elected using the same old same old BS and causing violence
Bernie, all you have to do is find funding for Obamacare!  Maybe tax those filthy capitalists making a whopping $100K+??
Interesting, vets were dying at VA too of which I am one of, at least the President did something about it so where was Bernie during that ?
Shut up. Liar and fraud. How's your fraud case going?
You don't give a sh*t about the daily murder of our unborn children, so don't cry crocodile tears.
Ok drama king. At least free insurance for your wife while she is in prison.
Hysteria much?
We have to stop the GOP. That party is only interested in enriching themselves.
Drop dead...just like that..oh no...
Cause I'm tired of hearing bullshit from you and everyone else with no solutions ,put up or shut up ! Your part of the problem now !
Hey Bernie can you write a letter to nyt to exactly explain your fix to the health care system, so we can implement it and save thousands!!!
OMG! PEOPLE WILL DIE, Y'ALL!!!!!
Has your wife taken out aby new loans and run another college into the ground yet, Senator?
What about the thousands of students that were dumped by the college your wife bankrupted! What about that BERNIE
Yet every American is FORCED to do business with companies they may not wish to !!!! FORCED.
I get the feeling that that is the idea...
It seems like the GOP's ultimate goal is to kill a bunch of people.
Population control?
Thousands of people die from cigarettes. Are you going to ban tobacco?
I need to buy my bread  don't want to contribute to some drug addict, get your shit together and get a job!
Sky wouldn't fall Bernie.
