Yeah--like Medicaid, and Harvey/Irma relief, and your highways and airports and stuff, right?
Got to turn off Fox news. You are embarrassing yourself
Amazing your capacity to make a fool of yourself in front of your followers
Amazing how you spit out the leftist talking points.
Socialist healthcare coming to a waiting list near you.
yeah--remember when they called Medicare Socialist?  How did that work out for you?
Healthcare is not a right it's a privilege. I work for my healthcare. Everyone else can to.
If you worked for an education, you'd say "too". People are self-employed don't have insurance. Should they suffer? They are working too.
And who do you think is gonna pay for it?
Caled they don't have an answer. They just think it's free and no one pays for it.
We spend 700 billion a year on military and none of you even blink. Though when the concept of health care comes around its suddenly matters
And if a war breaks out will you be going to the front line to fight?
Hmm interesting response that doesn't take into account the amount more then we spend compared to other countries - in which most are allies
Says who?
Says any serious examination of the concepts underpinning "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness".
In the 1790s they had doctors and medicine... the founding fathers were aware of both. Nowhere mentioned are either. Hmmm...
"Hmmm..." Which means, "I really have nothing to say, but of course you get my point and I am right" in troll-speak.
You're welcome to interpret my "hmmm..." however you like. Apparently you like to do so with utter banality.
So do enlighten us about why universal healthcare would be such a terrible thing. Why don't people have the right to medical care?
Allow me an analogous explanation which will begin with a question: is food a human right?
I would say yes. I would say people have the right to not starve to death.
Healthcare is a Human Right not a corporate right!
Human rights are what exists without any external forces. You don't just exist having health insurance, it is something you must acquire
Ok, where in the constitution does it give us the right to free, government provided health care?
And sorry, thought this was in this thread
Do you people who agree with her thinkthat the government is better with your money than you? Because that is what you would be voting for!
Anything that someone else has to pay for is not a right.
Isn't it already? How many times have people showed up to the hospital and not been treated?
What is the ER treatment for cancer?
Well Im no doctor but i don't think there is one.
Exactly.  That's why suggesting all have healthcare because of public hospitals is a nonstarter.
If you don't have insurance but are extremely proactiveyou will  find a way. #nonprofits. Its a grind but when u shot up they will fix u up
Also good luck getting that treatment in Africa. Be thankful for what you have
A basic human right.
What document promises, "...Life, Liberty & the pursuit of happiness?"
"Life" includes healthcare.
Read Isaiah Berlin's "Two Concepts of Liberty" before you use that word like positive liberties have any meanings
11k likes for socialized medicine. God help America we have become a nation of fools.
Feel the $2.5 TRILLION Per YEAR! Bern...#MedicareForAll 
1st Step 2 Socialism 4 America...w Economy Crushing Taxes
https://www.fitsnews.com/2016/01/29/feel-the-2-5-trillion-bern/ …
If we spent a fraction  for the rebiof what we do on foreign aid & America started building their land   countrie
U are uneducated health care is not a civil right u idiot!!'
Right or not we all still need it!
Yes so u get a JOB!!!
You sound so compassionate
I am compassionate I am also disabled and I go to work everyday !!! It's the only way I could afford my prosthetics!
I've worked through the system as well, but we could have a better system for everyone.
Agreed but Obamacare should have never been created it was a disaster from the get go
Ocare has helped a lot of people.
The majority of the USA (nonpartisan issue)
wants Medicare for all... why does DC continually
debate this????!
Once upon a time the majority of America's wanted slavery... "the majority wants it" is a stupid reason to do anything.
The south was never the majority
You speak as though the south was the only region where slavery was supported...
Not discussing slavery w/ you. The constitution can be amended. Can be changed easily to make ins. a right
You're the one who decided till retort the slavery issue. So... The constitution can be easily changed eh?
It can be done fairly easily yes, or it can be done the more difficult way. We've done it 27 times before, we can do it again
And the last time we did so was...
I think it's a civil responsibility to care for ones own health. Life style is the #1 cause of the strain on our health care system.
Is that belief in your mind? Say with me PRIVILEGE. Not hard to say. Your Presidential hopes are now swirling down the drain.
If only these good "Christians" were more Christ-like...
We are. That is why we will do everything in our power to keep a corrupt and incompetent government the hell out of our healthcare
Ummmm....

When you claim health care is any kind of right, you claim the ability to force individuals to study and practice medicine
No, no it's not.
There is no such thing as a positive right.  It is impossible.    But it sounds nice for the socialist ilk.
You should have the same crappy insurance I have. I pay more for Health Ins now than 10 years ago and it covers NOTHING. Thanks #ACA !!
You sure like to spend other people's money. Is the govt going to also provide food, clothing and shelter? #personalresponsibility
If people had the basics; food, shelter, education and healthcare, we'd end up with a better country
Agreed...I'll pay for mine. You pay for yours.
And I'll give some of what I have to pay for others. Just like I pay school tax and have no kids.
Health care is a service provided by individuals with special skills.
So is police, military, public school, and fire department.
And those are provided in different ways NOT through the federal government.
The military isn't federal? How about the postal service? Also, local govm is given $ to keep those all running.
Lol.  The postal service.  Another crap operation.  Private companies do it far better.
Why are you exempt from Obamacare? You get High end health insurance paid for by our taxes but your exempt from failing Obamacare.
Where is that written in the constitution dummy?
That doesn't mean it needs to be mandated
Especially when factions of our government is intent on poisoning our water, air and food
*are* intent.
I can't think or type when I'm angry. Ugh
Why is it a right. I missed that part in the Constitution.  What section is it in. Is transportation a right to give everyone  a Cadillac
What about Health care providers (physicians, hospitals, practitioners) Do you also have the RIGHT to FORCE us to provide said HealthCare?
Unfortunately there are no qualifications needed for senate! 
Quote the section of OUR CONSTITUTION that says so.
There's a part that gives citizens the tools to change things. That's what's happening friend. #SinglePayer #Medicare4All  #2018Midterms
Easy to say. Come up with a working model for how you will finance your health care. Most European models are from 1950s & too bureaucratic.
The US already spends more tax dollars per capita on healthcare than almost every other country. The money is there.
No, it is not. The Federal Reserve Banking system is based on Debt (credit), not Wealth. Look up "Hyperinflation".
Really? So the government isn't spending tax dollars on healthcare? Good to know.
There's a difference between providing food stamps to the needy and single-payer agriculture.
What I'm saying is, you're already spending a fortune on healthcare. Why not put those funds towards a system that works for everyone?

LOL wow, this is such utter garbage, I'm not even going to bother 
making healthcare a right is what literally destroys countries economically. 

how does anyone with an iota of intelligence not know this?
Yeah,  Canada, sweden, australia. They are all destroyed. Wait...
Proving once again the checkmark is overrated
And this idiot is one of the shining lights in the Democrat party. lolol
Yeah, but it's not a constitutional right. Read the constitutional Kamala
well neither was women's right to vote, but we changed that just like healthcare can be changed, Hi John.
Yes, but women voting didn't cost the taxpayers.  Government subsidized health care does.
actually it shouldn't be a constitutional amendment,HC should be what Medicare is,only expanded 2all
I completely disagree
ok
Can you find that in the Constitution..?peddle that nonsense to someone else
Prove it!
Actually it's not....
there is no civil right for healthcare no medicare for all it will bankrupt America Free market buy across state lines
Pity we are too far in debt to realistically consider paying for it, and no one on the hill is willing to sacrifice to get it.
Do you do your own tweets? asking for me, not a friend.
you need a better understanding what civil rights are I suggest you repeat 5th grade
and how do you suppose that would be paid for?
Have you noticed the U.S. is $20 TRILLION in Debt?
Kamala, you have NO SHAME!!!
#CalSUCKS
NO! Health Care is a personal responsibility! I dont have anything to do with how you treat your body!
You're confusing health care with health insurance.
I think you're just being confusing.
Affordable, accessible healthcare for all. It's the human thing to do.
#MedicareForAll
Affordable medicare is an oxymoron.  Someone has to subsidize the costs to make it "affordable".
You realize you subsidize the cost for the uninsured as it stands right now? The price would be far less with Medicare for all
How does a subsidy for a few currently cost more than a subsidy for all?
You mean the 1.7M receiving a subsidy for obamacare, as opposed to the 324M people that would be eligible for "free" medicare? That few?
1) try 12.7 million. 2) US pays more for health ins than anyone else, but ranks 12th in life expectancy 3) those who can, would buy more ins
.
So is a living wage!  Get on that too!  People are slaving for poverty here in America, all due to political greed!
You know, maybe 7.50 could be a living wage if we were to make medical care reasonably affordable?
Considering average cost of a 1 bedroom apt is 1500, 7.50 is in no way a living wage

Doubt that.
That's what you said the first time 
You wish
I already did and had it granted once.   Second time is a charm.
Good luck with that.
Don't need luck.  Just booming economy, tax cuts, immigration reform, and jobs.  Easy as pie.
Haven't seen anything but executive orders undercutting an established & expanding prosperity. 

Teach me why reality just doesn't apply.
By the way, that concept makes you a socialist.
: Then its your right to pay for your health care.  It's my right to NOT pay for yours!

Really?  Is it in the U. S. Constitution? When we didn't have insurance, we paid ourselves.Great incentive to stay healthy.
No it isn't. Read the Constitution...
What is this document you speak of comrade
Since when?  Show me that in our constitution. You're the problem
Which article of the constitution/amendment explicitly states that citizens have an inalienable right to healthcare?
Bill of right states you have the right to life, life without medical coverage is iffy at best
