Because we can. Many in other countries would love to pay extra for better HC. They arent allowed to. #CharlieGard
And the state sentenced him to die because "we'll be damned if we will let US health care make us look incompetent yet again."
No. The state prevented them from taking their own child to get treatment. They actually had to BEG govt for permission. #barbaric
You don't do facts much...
Yeah...
Sorry Bernie. The free market system made America an economic superpower in less than 150 years. Communism destroys countries! #Freedom!
winner take all free market has given USA health outcomes like those of a banana republic. BTW, common good public policies r not communism
Common good policies are 100% communist. Read the communist manifesto.

How do these people graduate high school? 

Socialism for Dummies
so public education welfare, police military, infrastructure etc and all things that we depend on are communist Reds under bed 60's thinking
Let me explain socialism to you.

You take from one man what he worked to earn and give it to another man that did not work to earn it
Republicans know the cost of everything but the value of nothing. Healthcare 4 all is a value to cherish
spoken like a true angry American who uses constitution as a hate doctrine. Keep shopping my friend
Maybe because they don't want to pay 4x as much for "Medicare for all"?
Other countries do it for less per person
And there are reasons for that which don't apply to the US.
Alright. Any examples? Im curious

Because most of your congressional colleagues allow it to continue. Both parties. Day after day. You & a handful of others seem outnumbered.
Seem outnumbered.  Used to be.   But the tide is turning, my friend.  #Truth and #Justice always come around eventually. #DraftBernie
Bernie said Medicare for all would bankrupt us. Now we are even more in debt than ever. What changed?
Human chattle, that's why we pay more

Bernie is furious we found this video! “If we expanded Medicaid to everybody...we would bankrupt the nation.” ,1987 
Who's supposed to pay for all this free stuff?  Aint nothing more expensive than something that's "free".
You guys already pay more in taxes for healthcare (per person) than most other 1st world nations do. For which most of you get no healthcare
Oh... and your healthcare system is only 37th in the world. Thought the most expensive would be the best? Lol
Because we have quality care.
But you don't.. do you. It's terrible and expensive. Your 37th in the world.
Because ACA upped the premiums.
ACA
Due to unhealthy habits, more medical services provided per capita, and gov't regulation and subsidization
We’ve had free healthcare (medicare) in Australia for decades. Your health system comes down to corporate greed and government stupidity.
Other nations have fake health care . Look at Venezuela it is free or cheap but you get nothing for it .
That's why we look to Australia, Canada, UK, etc
Your opposition is paid off to vote against the people. Hard times for progress.
So how come health outcomes in USA are so poor and resemble a banana republic ? Illness is not a choice one makes.
ILLEGAL ALIENS
That's interesting - data to support that? Are they from Mars or what planet??
2014-2019, in which Medicaid expansion takes  effect, covering 3.1 million amnestied immigrants would   cost taxpayers $48.6 billion CIS
We are the stupidest county, and thus the most likely to hurt ourselves. I live in Nevada, so I know what it's like to be around the stupid.
Government interference, that's why
Cuz drs. need grain leather chairs&solid cherry furniture in their waiting rooms, carry MALPRACTICE ins.&lawyers collect huge$settlements
We have hedge fund managers and CEOs yachts to keep up. Have you seen the brightwork that needs polishishing on a 200' boat?

EXPOSED: Healthcare lobbyists funneled huge cash to Senate Dems just before Sanders introduced Medicare-for-All bill http://www.ibtimes.com/political-capital/sanders-prepared-medicare-bill-health-care-lobbyists-bankrolled-senate-democrats …
some of these people making comments must live in a bubble. Let's stop paying these countries like Pakistan &any others& take care of US
America pays twice as much for everything. We're the cash cow for the pharmaceuticals companies.
most people can't afford to pay their rent. Paying 4 insurance is impossible 4 most. Only well off people can have good health.
Because greedy, profit-driven insurance companies have executed a hostile takeover of both our gov't and our healthcare system.
The answer is greed and like the IRS, the rich are the ones who make the laws and codes of IRS in their favor w/ loop holes.
Big government and its regulations strangling health care is why US pays so much.  Get govt out of health care
Because the U.S. is paying for the health care of others @SenSanders. This is what makes the cost of health care go up.
Because we rejected the Clinton plan in 1993. It was a lot like Bernies package now.  Billions of our resources went to rich corporations.

Years ago you said it was unaffordable today we must do it This is the problem with politicians You tell so many lies you cant see TRUTH
Why isn't  Feeble Bernie helping Vermonters the roads still not repaired from IRENE
Because of Neoliberals like  and Clinton.
Bernie is right.
Official welfare for the US healthcare cartel has grown so terribly for decades, even outright socialism is preferable.
For greedy ppl to profit?
Because obamacare ruined our health system
thank you BERNIE , you gave #America a CLOWN to be their President
Bernie loves you, cares for you and your loved ones. Wants to make sure every American has healthcare coverage.
I live in Germany and it feels good to be able to go to the Doctor and don't worry . My Mom just came from 4 week paid REHABILITATION
Because the corporations making $$$ pay the crooked politicians $$$ to keep it that way. And citizens getting fucked let them.
A person rich or poor could get heart surgery tomorrow you twerp! Find a socialist health system where there's that type of serv
1.Because corporate greed is ruining America. You have these rich born with silver spoons in their mouths money hungry morons led by trump
2. Who want to cut and gut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid to benefit their wallets
Many reasons, here are a few:
1 Malpractice insurance costs 2 Inflated cost to patients discounted to insurance companies 3 Overcharging
that is actually a good question but medicare for all isn't the way to go
It's more profitable for the parasites who own congress
Good question!  Why is everyone so afraid to hear it? Or to hear the answer?
Please do the American people a favor and move yourself to Canada I think they would like you there
"Go, Bernie, Go"
Happy Days (Bernie Sanders for President) https://youtu.be/edKORQj_O74 
Happy Days https://soundcloud.com/blackangelband/01-happy-days …
Regulations, FDA, GOVERNMENT Involvement.
To get heath care thats worth a damn
You sound like Hillary! Good God man, you Messiah  & @TheDemocrats founded, funded and watched as it floundered for years! @realDonaldTrump
You should work on getting health care cheep
Because we're paying for your Golden Plan and all the Illegals that can't be refused at the ER you Dummy.
Because you let Big Pharm and insurance influence politicians! It's your own doing! You don't even want ACA! Typical bullshit
because we have too many millionare doctors & too many corporations involved in healthcare
If suggesting Govt will be fiscally responsible w HC - suggest you lk at Vet Care,Medicare,Medicaid,Post Office 20Tdebt 100T unfunded liab
That's an easy question 2 answer, Bernie! Greed & more greed. There r millions 2 be made by ins companies, pharmaceuticals, etc. Rip off!
Simple because we have the very BEST IN THE WORLD. Sad that you and Pelosi and SCHUMER and Dems want to change that
Because we're great, remember. 
b/c it is better and more timely
among many reasons One is because most US people's diet is junk and folks are sedentary so there are lots of SICK people
Do you know what it cost to go through medical school? Do you know what malpractice insurance cost? We ny Tory reform now.
Because we've got a corrupt socialist system in everything but name.
We don't the average Canadian pays $12,500 for the healthcare liar liar pants on 
Hey Bernie wasn't it you who same d single payer wld bankrupt US in 87? Yea it was you #GlobalistShill
Because the left can't win elections for some reason...hmmmm
Single pay.
This isn't true, we do spend the most, twice as much as the average, but not twice as much as 2nd most... no need to exaggerate!
Someone has to support big pharma and big insurance...
Because only 1/2 the people pay in, yet you use all the people for your pet capita numbers.
Preach!!
@SenSanders saying Medicaid for all would bankrupt the nation.
Same reason only ads on tv r for pres drugs. Someone's making millions out of. American people and it's not the workers
Because of government rules and regulations. Big government is the problem.
Because the government is involved.
Because we can't afford single payer?  We love big pharma?  Greedhounds run our country?
Because the gov't doesn't pay for it.
You do not look well in that picture. Better go see a doctor. Not aging well.
Why does Congress not go on the same Healthcare they cook up for us??? Answer that. I've been asking .. Crickets from YOU
because my father sees multiple specialists yearly and never pays a dime. he abuses insurance, like most of us do. find a way to fix that.
 Because, Bernie, in America profit trumps everything, people's health be damned. Canada is so much more humane, and sane.
Because you have 10 times the quality of healthcare than any other country...
Ahhh BIG PHARMA!
...Over the years budgets have shrunk, but the waste has not. The answer is process improvement - Lean Healthcare
We were wealthy and demanded the best. Budgets were big with a lot of waste...
Because of blood sucking big insurance and over inflated charges for services.
Reasion ? IT'S CALLED  "OBAMA CARE"
Please ask the good Dr about when Herceptin wasn't covered for women in Ontario and Alberta
Politicians that are clueless such as yourself.
Insurance companies and outrageous fees by service providers are why healthcare costs are so high.
Obama care only took care of the freeloaders who do t pay for anything   what about us who pay for everything
Because u established Obama Care - higher costs less coverage. Sad.....Power should be in the States court NOT Feds
Government involvement in the healthcare industry would be my guess.
Two-word answer: record profits.

Bonus word: oligopoly. 

Bonus clause: lobbying on a scale hard to comprehend.

SINGLE PAYER NOW
Why do we pay a lunatic communist like you twice as much as any other nation on Earth?
Because of over regulations and no competition over state lines. Also when third party pays prices sky rocket. Get out of your bubble
No budget section to the bill means @SenSanders isn't really serious about it passing.
Bernie didn't even include a budgetary section in his bill on how it will be paid. This is why it failed in CA. It's all for show
Obama care.
