It means turning the USA into a bankrupt country just like #Venezuela, which is the perfect example of the socialism you're trying to push
Don't forget how shitty the doctors would become and how many procedures would start getting denied....
But Cuba has FANTASTIC #Socialist  medical care! #MedicareForAll ...... If you're deemed important enough to rate it
Good point but Canadian Healthcare is at a high standard.
Except millions of Canadians travel to the USA for medical treatment cause of the extremely long waits for simple procedures/see specialist
And I wouldn't call having a small cancer in your cervix a simple procedure...
Having to wait 340 days for a knee replacement or 9 mo for cancer treatment (patient dies) is not a good system. Not free, paid w high taxes
I don't believe 50,000 Canadians went south for US care in 2014. Less. What about how many yanks come here...check that one out!
#MedicareForAll would mean I can manage my autoimmune disease properly & also get the preventative care that we ALL need.
Only if Medicare covers it -it is about the same as regular insurance policies except NO meds are covered with MC
It's not really Medicare...it's Single Payer, so it would be a little different. Meds are def covered w Single Payer. And costs capped.
We will see it could bankrupt US plus where will all the MD's, nurses. therapists etc come from
Ppl are already bankrupt from med bills or dying from no coverage. SP more cost effective b/c the govt can bargain lower prices. (1/2)
Re: dr's, we are already training more advanced degree nurses who are qualified to do primary care dr's job. They're extremely skilled.
Some people prefer an MD-depending on severity of illness. Now a nurse only-decline in quality of care to lower costs.
They'd be for primary care, altho some have specialties, like Cardio. I've worked w them. They keep up w the latest medical research (1/2)
If I could actually buy the insurance plan I used to have before the ACA... That would be great. Can I just do that?
 rationing, cost cutting... DMV to health care. "take a number". Something like VA for all.
Nonsense CANADA  LOVES their MedicareForAll
https://twitter.com/RoseAnnDeMoro/status/908037798774530048 …
#Resistance #MAGA #resist
Dr. Martin of Canada:

"When my patients are sick, I don't have to worry if they can afford treatment."…
I could finally go to the doctor's without having to pay a $5000 deductible.
I can't afford to spend a $100 each month to see a doctor AND pay over $100 a month to an insurance company for coverage.
I wish that's all I paid!  I'm at 700 a month! (Coverage for 4)
So you have a $200/mo. note for care. Sounds easy to budget for. You probably pay more than that in groceries/housing/transport, right?
@allenhowes: Sorry, I was replying to @burberryant, who clearly stated those numbers. You were just cc'ed in on the convo.

FIX THIS 1ST /www.wsj.com/articles/people-are-dying-here-federal-hospitals-fail-native-americans-1499436974?mod=e2tw&mg=prod/accounts-wsj
It means that I don't have to worry about passing on the medical debt to my future children.
Succinctly said .
I just received $5k in hospital bills (so far) after insurance after 3 weeks of unpaid sick leave. It means everything.
Higher taxes, worse coverage, longer wait times, and rationing
Life Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness!
I work for a major hlth ins co., they provide heallth care, but my pay is low and my deductible is 1/3 of my wages, b4 taxes-can't afford it
We'd finally be able to try to move forward with our lives instead of scraping money together for prescriptions and visits.
Yeah, like why does my Rx toothpaste cost $40??? WITH private insurance! I'd rather pay through taxes for med, then zero at the pharmacy.
Something like this ?
I wonder how many lives have been saved by $12,000 deductible ACA policies w/ no doctors in network. Not many would be my guess.
I agree about the high premiums but shared risk would fix that. This thread was about #MedicareForAll, not ACA. Shared risk to infinity.
We don't want to pay for your socialism!!! Go away!
It would mean you'd be stealing from the healthy to provide low quality care for the poor.
Wld completely change our lives.Every job, move,purchase,tied 2NEED 4health insur.Good coverage wld mean happier lives both from health & 
Except it does NOT pay my bills
It would be unaffordable and you know that.
It costs $ 10,000.00 per person per year for healthcare.  Somebody has to pay the bill.
long waits and no second opinion...
That's not reality
https://www.theguardian.com/society/2014/sep/26/patients-waiting-times-nhs-gps-uk …

and u can ask for a 2nd opinion but even the NHS homepage admits you'll be unlikely to get one
We can get one here, if it's a regular doc. If it's a specialist, could be quite a wait
so u don't even live here? figures.  Look man I'm glad you got a system you like.  Being from Florida and watching the sheer number of
A lot of get very sad reading about what people go through in the US. Plus a lot of Americans rightly misunderstand universal healthcare
you will not get the kind of medical innovation seen in the states if you nationalize it
that's possible. No system is perfect. I can agree with that
Well seeing as I "work" it wouldnt affect my care. 
BUT it would mean HIGHER TAXES & being in CA which is already high, would crush me.
It wouldn't change anything for my family, but it would change the world for those who can't afford basic care or meds!
Yes it would change you family.  Healthcare for all means all.  Everybody pays, you will too.
So we pay a bit more tax. With the lower cost of healthcare that would still leave you with more disposable income.
I mean think about it. If the healthcare costs go down as they should, the tax you pay to cover said healthcare would still be less than
When has cost ever gone down after govt gets involved? Never. Healthcare is crazy expensive now because of govt involvement.
That's why I said "as they should". This country needs to play the long game when it comes to healthcare.
Adding 14 trillion in costs over 10 years will not bring down cost. Both sides are screwing ALL of us.
But it works, and I mean really works, in other countries. Why couldn't it here? Shouldn't checks and balances help in this situation?
Higher taxes and more shitty healthcare than Obamacare socialism doesn't work Mr Burns
Outrageously high taxes. Months of waiting to see doctors. Massive unemployment due to 1/6 of our economy being run by the govt.
Fear monger much?
Tell that to the families of the veterans who died of their illnesses waiting to be seen by doctors because the VA was run terribly
The VA and Medicare are different. Unfortunately the VA is understaffed and underfunded. At a 2.2% tax increase we can pay for Medicare4All
2.2%? That's it? Plus elimination of insurance pymt, co-pays? Why is this even being debated?
2.2% for general pop, 6% for employers.
Even at 6.6% for employers, that's got to be cheaper than their current health care plans, no?,
That's not how math works.
FRRRRRRRRRRRRRREREREEEEEEEEEEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
We are basically a middle class family. We would LOVE to cutout the insurance middleman  to reduce cost and complication.
It would mean no medical innovations, huge taxes, insane wait times just to see a dr. then even more wait to get treated, rationing...
My father wouldn't have to work a job he hates to cover his son with autism and his son with juvenile diabetes. #MedicareForAll
Lol this ain't free
Using proper punctuation is.
No it's fine, it's Twitter
But ty tho, idk wat I would've done w/o that correction. Whew 
Ah, higher taxes, government control of what's covered, and what's not, and eventual decisions on who lives/dies! Here comes Amersterdam!
It would mean more government tyranny and control over every aspect of our lives you marxist
Because the government has worked wonders for us in the VA system. 
#MedicareForAll means MUCH more money out of our pockets to pay for govt-run healthcare, diminishing my family's pursuit of happiness
then why do we pay double for our healthcare compared to countries with single payer? https://www.google.com/search?q=world+healthcare+costs&rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS714US714&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjektCXgqPWAhWJbiYKHf-7Aw8Q_AUICygC&biw=1536&bih=798#imgrc=xixNSZ1Aj4iYrM …:
Why were Americans able to pay cash 50 years ago for their medical care?

No insurance and no government intrusion in the marketplace
Why don't you want to pay half of what you're paying now for healthcare, and cover everyone in the country in the process?
You are making a very BIG assumption on how much I pay for med insurance. No, I believe in personal responsibility for insurance.
You belief in personal responsibility, I believe in saving people's lives and money
How nice. 

How do you think people behave when they have insurance paid for by someone else?
And on top of that nobody goes bankrupt from medical costs, like how my family could've if my mom's cancer was worse.
You being a fraudster is much worse....
#Termlimits End the Greed Ego cycle  
No Bernie we don't want it.Government out of healthcare!
Read other peoples' comments and stop speaking for them, please
It would mean I lived in Venezuela and that would SUCK!
not much knowing my neighbors are paying for it
Remember when you said Medicare for all would bankrupt the country?
http://bit.ly/2xy0EgP 
More taxes,Less disposable income,Less personal freedom,More cronyism,More waste,More powerful FED govt,Less states' rights,Debasement of $$
NO
My daughter would finally be able 2 see a doc. As it stands, she fell though the AMA gap Makes 2 much 4 subsidy 4 little to pay the premium
Higher taxes. Longer waits to be seen by a doctor.
Yea but no premiums, copays, or deductibles. Long waits, maybe, but only for non-emergencies. We already have long waits and limited options
these trump supporters disappoint when they criticize Bernie and his health-care bill don't they realize this is best thing for them
Just ran the numbers, I would save roughly 50% under Sanders' bill.

I earn between 70k-100k.
You don't pay my healthcare. It's privatized. I pay over 5k annually in premiums alone.
Let's see higher taxes.
Denying high risk cases because it's to costly.
Oh and didn't you say this would bankrupt America?  #retirebernie
https://youtu.be/kahCrnqqhAM  ah yes here it is "we would bankrupt the nation."
Freedom to change careers
You have it with #ACA now. Feature of #ACA law I feel wasn't explained enuf. Don't need a job 2buy it. Gov subsidizes. No job lock for #ACA.
Some ppl feel stuck in a job because they're currently offered prime insurance and don't want anything less.
I imagine it be good for small businesses not having the burden of paying for insurance for themselves or employees.
Companies contribute 2 #Medicare now. We do/they do! Come on, u can't be 4real? Are you new 2this country? Been like that since beginning!
Of course we all contribute to Medicare. I'm talking about the mandate on small businesses to offer health insurance.
Unless you force people by law, to go to medical school, you can't have a successful universal healthcare system.
Tell that to all the countries who do have successful healthcare systems
Tell Charlie Gard's parents how great universal healthcare worked for them in the U.K.
One out of millions and that poor child had no hope.
Sending him to the US, long flight, for treatment never tried on humans, that would never fix him = cruelty
Agreed!
It would mean I could get a timely appointment with a specialist & not wait over a month for an ins referral while suffering symptoms.
Hahaha you think so? Ask the vets how that's working for them
We have it in Sweden =)
You and everyone else (except way obsolete U.S.).
you think its fair that a couple has to pay $1200 for o care? Get single payer we'd pay even more!!! End of middle class, no hope for poor
Not how it would work at all. Would massively help the poor and also the middle class. You save more overall.
Dead 
Means I'll be paying for a lot more people. Yay. Sounds fun.
Just like the VA? The way the government takes care of our vets? Really?
It would be another tic on the list to becoming Cuba or Venezuela.
An end to postponing treatment in order to afford co-pays!  #MedicareForAll
It would mean that I worked my ass off so the most lazy folks don't have to. DEPORT ALL that are as stupid as Bernie sanders!!
My middle class income would collapse RIP middle class 
Let's divide the country let socialist live with bernie healthcare and pay into it the rest of us, free market.
Are you serious???
We'd be broke & have government decide on our healthcare. Get out of here you communist.
Let's let Bernie Tell you himself - it would bankrupt a nation
Coverage of necessary meds we can't afford

Less stress

Freedom to change relationships & employment
I can't afford to pay for everyone else's ObamaCare, #MedicareForAll will take me broke
more #CharlieGard
Your elderly mother needs hip replacement...we will schedule that for Feb. 4, 2019. Until then Tylenol should be enough.
@BernieSanders this is not on @POTUS agenda This is we DO NOT want your socialist agenda We the people voted Trump not u  U need to retire
Trump got way less votes than HRC and people vote for all sorts of stupidity, polls prove most people agree w/ Sanders on issues
