3.5M in CA lack healthcare access. As Trump tries to sabotage our care we must deliver real solutions. Healthcare's a right not a privilege.
.@JoanWalsh just threw up her breakfast... @NeeraTanden must be on the phone coordinating attacks w/ @DavidBrockDC @PeterDoau & @JoyAnnReid
We don't need to be told what to think. Interesting that you assume we do. Bernie never could sell this. He did sell himself to you. Why?
Cuz he doesn't take money from the Misogynist Patriarchy Saudi Dictatorship that cuts women's heads off & throws gays off buildings like HER
And you think that's something that's true?  I knew you guys were delusional. 
Yes!
Have a nice life.
Typical @HillaryClinton Cultists when present w/ FACTS they run 4 the hills.  Well so much for Crushing misogyny & Destroying the patriarchy
Are you serious? You palm off RW talking points and then you think you get to mount the high horse?  And I thought Trumpistas were nuts!
13.8 trillion over the next decade for a program that has $58 trillion in unfunded liabilities & will look like this
Botched surgery, delayed diagnosis at a one-star 'house of horrors' VA hospital: https://usat.ly/2f9uZbj 
Wow, someone who makes sense. Thanks for facts... but flakes don't use facts unfortunately...
Dave- go get the trillions back for your fact based wars and get my tax dollars back from JP Morgan's bailout while you're at it
Right, so let's follow one bad decision by throwing trillions $$$ more at another.  Brilliant!
Makes good economic sense do some non biased research
No one but the fringe is buying this bullshit.  This article sums it up well & beyond the 140 character limit here.
.....and the rest of the civilized world
Sorry Bub, the rest of the world isn't looking too civilized these days, or perhaps you've just failed to notice.
Instead of gearing up for 2018 they think this issue will somehow fix the radical  Constitutional Convention on the horizon?
I will certainly get me to vote for them if they push it
San Francisco ideas & politicians don't win national votes. That's the problem.
Neither did loud mouth New York sleezebag reality tv actors , all bets are off
Only one of those plays to white resentment, though.
Federal medicare is nothing more than the T-14 program that Hitler came up with.
Well let's get SB 562 passed in California and show some leadership in this battle. We don't need to wait!
No, it is about longer lines at the doctor's office, higher taxes and less medical services for anyone on government health care.
Medical specialists today, will not even accept Medicare - they r not paid enough.With Medicare 4 all, doctors will b paid even less. Beware
Is this the fight that will regain Congress in 2018 and WH in 2020?  No! Take Congress and WH then Medicare for All
Get a job and pay your way.
Federal Medicare for All is about wealth redistribution which is immoral. There, fixed it for you.
That's one of the stupidest things I've EVER heard.
And your reply is the stupidest thing I have EVER read. There, now we are even.
False equivalency. Your statement was actually, factually, inaccurate. If anything, mine was exaggerated but still more aligned with reality
If you are claiming it is factually inaccurate, please enlighten me. Show me the error of my ways.
He who have not sinned may cast the first stone, the democrats are just as guilty, like Bill Clinton.
It's about the government controlling our HC system!
Too bad you didn't endorse him during the primary.
I apologize Mr. Senitor but I believe that you must possess insufficient data on this. Quantity will deloot quality & hinder advancement.
Yeah like Sweden- a real back water in the advancement area right?
National leadership came in the form of @BarackObama who put forth the ACA. Which I now use. This will force repeal. So no thanks.
ACA is great if you're very poor. It is not a gift to anyone right in the middle. Medicare for all is the next best thing to single payer
It will never pass.
Probably not this time around, no. Likely in 2020
How would he pay for it Gavin?
Taxes, just like Medicare now. Very likely would cost us much less than private insurance premiums
Increasing taxes does not seem to a part of the political zeitgeist right now. And you know as well as I do, this is just grandstanding.
difficult transition 4 Medicare4All HRC had ideas 4steps to it. Corps can pay more or at least current rate but they wont. Greed=low revenue
This is a photo op for Bernie. Nothing more.
Likely will end up as such.
Exactly.
@IndivisibleCCCC @IndivisibleSF @indivisible_la @Indivisible_CA @OFA_CA @OFAContraCosta @OFA_EBC Thank you Gavin!
I already have to wait months with paid insurance. I'll pass on this.
Wise choice of words. #WhyNotEconomicEquity or why not #EconomicEquality? #TheWorkingClassRunsTheWorld,So we deserve respect N #equality No?
really?????
I thank Sen Sanders for NOTHING
Let's have California show that is it possible and more affordable #SB562
We do not want socialized medicine--it does not work!!
agree, one way or another we all pay...tax a little higher and everyone is in, the only way
America needs your voice!
Can you just be President already???
Maybe improve Medicare first bc it's terrible before trying to implement this plan... just a thought
No way will rich people let that happen
It isn't "leadership" to tilt at a GOP-controlled windmill of a legislature; it's a waste of a tax-funded salary. He needs to do real WORK.
And with this tweet, you've lost my support.
WTF? Seriously? That's weird, thought you were not on Trump's side.
If you haven't seen a feasible bill, then you are pandering from blue state that couldn't get this off the ground this legislative period.
If u like your doctor u can keep him. Try that.
WTF!  More Gav LIBERAL BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sounds like the future governor of California speaking out for justice!
Can you back that up with cost saving too so we might beable to get broader support?
And Socialism and raising taxes higher and higher! Weee! No thanks...
You gave up in Ca. because of the cost and now you still promote it?
That's fluff talk- explain what this will do. People don't get it!!!
Thanking Sander for his leadership? Selling out to Killary & being investigated for Fraud. Yep that's leadership all right. #noballsnewsom
Really @GavinNewsom you too are buying into this @SenSanders crap, you and everyone else knows has not even a chance of passing, CMon man!
You mean equality lfor everyone but congress.
There goes another socialist lying again.
I would like to see this happen too.  But without cost estimates and options to fund it is premature to just do it.
Has he figured out how to pay for it?
You are correct @GavinNewsom !  Which is why R elites are against Fed Medicare.  They dont want social and economic opportunity for all!
Will all of congress be on Federal Medicare?
It's about socialism. Depend on others not on yourself.  Is that american?
Why not learn from #Canada ? People are dying waiting for care! Or learn from our own VA's shameful past! I want my great insurance of 2009!
It's about TAKING.
Medicare for all is not single pay. Single pay eliminates the insurance companies. That is not even on the table
@ShaunKing @SenSanders So we replace the ACA with a proposal which will not see the light if day but hurt healthcare in the US
@ShaunKing @SenSanders No is not. It's about a gamble that 2020 hopefuls think will unite them with those will help them win.
Hope to hear about progress in Cali on this issue. When a small faction can derail healthcare for all we all lose. Show DC how it's done.
Show Americans how higher taxes are a good thing. If this was easy it would be done. It's not- Norwegians will pay higher taxes.  We won't.
Show Americans how they are ALREADY paying for it in taxes and medical costs and how insurance and pharm companies profit at their expense.
Its also about saving money. Germany spends 4% of their GDP on health care, we spend somewhere north of 16%.
I see the Russia bots are busy this morning. Hi Russia bots!
So taking my money to pay for someone else is the definition of equality now?
Yes, take the burden off employers to provide healthcare, it will energize business, especially small business and the self-employed.
Are you running for Governor?
It's all about centralized government control. Is that what America wants? That is not an American value.
bernie has no idea how to create medicare for all. his current plan will never pass. it is ridiculous
Hillarie
It about taxing the middle class, growing size of gov. Hiring friend in job with big salaries that couldn't make it in private jobs
Best quick fix to the massive problem. Also get a handle on Big Pharm etc.
Any Dem who wants to be taken seriously in 2018 or 2020 needs to get behind this legislation and fast!
Won't hold my breath over it
Funny coming from someone on Kevin Sloats payroll. How about twisting @Rendon63rd's arm to move #SB562 & bring #Healthcare4All to Ca?!
Dies this mean you are endorsing Bernie Mr. G Newsome?
#GavinNewsom, #BernieSanders, #AlFranken — some of my favorite minds. But to pass, the bill will need at least a couple of Teabaggers....
What a long, crazy war this has been, dating back to the 30's.  The tide is turning & it may start with CA.
But why can't we do it in California with Dems solidly in control? CA should lead the way.
They can't fund it without huge tax increases. Bernie's the only dude in the country who thinks that's easy.
Go Gavin!
Gavin, please share details about your healthcare plan and how that will change. Good for me, good for you, right?
RT
#DonaldTrump 
#ClintonEmails
#DraftBernie
#Nina2020
#NeverKamala
#ClintonFoundation
#AwanBros
#BlackLivesMatter
#SinglePayer
#IRMA
#JOSE
Federal Medicare is just a government fiasco and demotivator keeping people on gov't titty. Pull you pants up and get ahead!
dear Gavin, it is good but highly cost ! Don't know the USA can afford because USA has enormous military spending !
And BIG THANKS for not book signing & self-promoting the 2016 #LOSER on every 1%  cocktail circuit when so much work needs to be done!
Tell that to @SenFeinstein and @SenSchumer please. 
Sanders is a socialist.  Go to cuba, newsom!
But it's mostly about saving millions of lives and trillions (yes with a "t") of dollars. But I'm sure you'll get there soon enough.
another fascist left wing socialist
SENATOR THEY KNOW I ONLY PAY MINIMUM SO THEY THINK I WILL BE IN TROUBLE!
SENATOR I OWE ABOUT 800 DOLLARS WHEN THEY DO THAT AND IT'S LATE IN THE BEGINNING THEY WANT ALL THERE MONEY THEY THINK I CANNOT PAY BY +++
! YOU WANT TO KNOW HOW I KNOW IT'S THE CORPORATION THEY SEND ME A CREDICT CARD.IT'S BEEN A MONTH AND HALF THEY STILL HAVE NOT SEND BILL!
Unless private insurance & private hospitals are banned there will B the rich & politicians getting the best & us getting leftovers & wards.
The greed comes in all forms.  https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-pay-gaps-and-how-we-allow-them-to-continue/ …
We need to face the greed we have allowed.  https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-ceo-pay-versus-typical-worker/ …
But will the politicians be on it also?  Hypocrites
SENATOR YOU HOLD THE PARTY TOGETHER THEY KNOW THAT THEY ARE ATTACKING FROM EVERY ANGLE!
SENATOR SANDERS THOSE THAT WANT YOU TO FORM A NEW PARTY TELL THEM THIS LOSE MY NUMBER!
AND change fed law preventing Medicare from negotiating for prescription drugs. The DOD does and prices are a tiny fraction of normal prices
If you understand history, you know that equity is as much a smoking gun as the swastika. I wish most people understood what Marxism is...
It doesn't cover enough! Work on getting the actual costs down! Why costs go down for EVERYTHING except medicine?! Buy from China, geez!
Where do you think your drugs come from now?
This is nothing more than another free handout
Try it in CA first and let us know how it goes.
Nothing is free, tell me, who pays for people with no jobs or permanent welfare recipients. Everyone else that already has healthcare.
Shut up Gavin.
The one who's had no insurance since birth, on Medicare, will cost equal to 1k/month (since his birth) to get fixed up.
My preferred candidate for POTUS in 2020!
Sir! The rest of the world is moving from the Petro dollar. WTF are we talking about? Can the fdic garuntee our money? Luv you all!
Commies have stupid ideas
But you have no way to pay for it... it's like saying everyone should get a free house.
Republicans make money off medical bankruptcy
Medicare for All is a necessity, Thank you for standing up. Please spread the word to @Rendon63rd @NancyPelosi @SenFeinstein @JerryBrownGov
False. Its about redistribution of wealth and moving our liberty based country towards socialism and our eventual fall.
no thank you for your support we need as many people on our side as possible.. We will persist. @KamalaHarris @elizabethforma
Wow. Bernie 
Iran has right to defend itself from #Satanyahu @JohnDelacour  @JZarif @realDonaldTrump
#IsraelDid911 as like #Ussliberty
Terrorism comesfrom #Zionist #Israel and #Wahhabi #Saudi dictatorship https://twitter.com/genlady9/status/906954798934700038/video/1 … #NeverForget
9/11: Israel's Masterpiece 

http://www.lostscribemedia.com/news/911-israels-masterpiece/ …
Shut up
I worked all my life for Medicare. I don't you or anyone f_cking it up.  Give everyone a Medicaid voucher instead. @SenSanders is a pin head
I got chewed out at ER by Trump supporter dr FOR BEING ON Obamacare. Isn't that illegal? And harassment?
I had a similar experience! And it's not "on" anything! It's simply a set of laws. How do peeps know so little & work in medical industry?
Do not get me started, I have to get off eye bleeding. I was an EMT, stuff I could tell you...
Oh no 
Hey Gavin, holler at Feinstein about this will ya?
And @NancyPelosi
I truly wish you had supported Sanders instead of Hillary.  She was a nonstarter from the word go.
Except she won 3 million more votes. There's that. Even with all the gerrymandering & cheating.
The primary process was rigged heavily in her favor and a virtually unknown senator from Vermont still nearly topped her.
Show some respect.
Bullshit. You read information put out for you by Russia. You fell for it. It is coming to light slowly.
No, I watched the secretary of state of Arizona say on camera that her own staffers had their party registrations changed w/o them knowing.
Bernie isn't even a Democrat?! You know how pissed I was to learn that after donating?!
Well, he's not a registered Democrat because they don't have that kind of system in Vermont. His platform is Democratic though.
Unfortunately, my more pessimistic notions tell me that "for All" carries no weight in USA anymore because it includes "for Them."
Social and economic opportunity for all, except if you live in Marin County making Bernie proud you are.
Then call for @Rendon63rd to allow #SB562 Medicare for all in California to pass!!! @RoseAnnDeMoro @NationalNurses
Soooo, vote for another free handout!!!
Because, things are better when we're all equal... Right, Comrade???  You'll probably exempt yourself if it passes anyways.
Thank you Bernie leading us on the path to claim bankruptcy to China much like your wife did for Burlington college
Have you given 2020 any thought?  I hope you have, no pressure.
Now it's your turn to lead
