Lol.  It’s the best news I’ve heard in a long time, my tax brackets going down and I am middle class. Economically a win 
Do you have any relatives/friends on Medicare/Medicaid?  The tax cuts are paid for by cutting Medicare by $500B and Medicaid by $1T.
It has already failed. Cutting taxes increases revenue. Don't you know Econo?
debt was at 20 trillion already before he took office.  Senator Sanders helped get it there
If you look at the debt clock , everyone of those debts were from liberal causes
What?    Military is not liberal?
No, its conservative as you should be
That is the majority of the debt!   Think
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
Like your wife and you did with those bank loans? Or like you've been doing for over 40 years while taking tax dollars for 3 homes.
You should be grateful that you can keep more money to pay your wife’s attorney.
I feel so sorry for the rich people but I want to give up my medicine so their wives to have stilettos
This people are going to cut 700 Billions dollars from the Health Care System in order for them to gain billions...
Bernie you need to shut up and retire
Why can't you ever tell the truth!

Benefits to the poor are a drop in the bucket compared to corporate welfare/subsidies
Wait, are you guys proposing that the less taxes paid by the wealthy, the more the rest of us will benefit?
Let corporations leave if they wanna pay tariffs to do business in US.  Doesn’t matter how you slice it, they gotta pay their fair share.
“Greed and stupidly are what will end the human race.” Stephan Hawking
How can it be less than ZERO?
They get paid.
Poor people in the US get paid at tax time.
Please just retire.
Please learn facts
It is a fact. People pay negative federal income tax. Some states people pay negative state income tax.
Well the fact is Bernie didn’t write this tweet a staffer did, so don’t tell a man who knows better than you to retire.
If he knows better than me then he's a liar. I prefer to think he's a nice old man who is just confused
Ur accomplishment.    Your protest voters in swing states!   Ew
Yes!!!
Do you ever do constructive work "together" kind of stuff or just bash, bash, bash???
If you’re paying attention, you’ll see the lack of cooperation is coming from the GOP, not Bernie or the Dems.  It’s plain as day!
Truth is both Dems and GOP lack cooperation. That's why Trump elected. Like it or hate it, he is embarrassing all of them to take a stand.
Unfortunately, he’s embarrassing our entire country with his bad behavior & insane ideas.  He’s not fit to be in office.
I guess ya gotta take some bad with the good to get fires burning under the asses of the career politicians (all) in Washington?
He’s the reverse Robin Hood in orange.
Robin Hood gave back tax money to the taxed...
?
Not sure how else to explain it.
Ah, fair enough.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
Not even remotely true.  You are so intellectually dishonest, it’s actually nauseating!  #FakeNews #Socialist #PathologicalLiar

Busted!
You're full of it.  You want to take from everyone and redistribute it to big government.

Lie!!!
You should be happy. You are the very rich. #1%, 3 homes. So how does a career politician become a millionaire? And is that legal?
Didn't your plan take from everyone and give it to you?
It must. Be supported  grow  up. Lower comany Tax now
Old man.. say it with me... Tack Asian is Theft
Bernie....you're a dolt and haven't uttered an original thought since elected to office.
Only ignorant people believe you. All can look up tax plan & see it lowers tax rate for all & doubles deductions.
im the 100 guy to talk in this
Bernie grow up or get a new logical brain.  You are totally illogical.
This is why you lost the election. Totally out of touch with reality
He's taking from the big insurance companies and giving it to the people. You have it backwards as usual.
How can you just outright lie?
You are such an idiot. Poor and working families don't have Fed Inc tax liability and often through EITC get back more than they pay.
What???  They already don't pay taxes that's stupid! And his plan increases the number of those who don't pay taxes.
What a bunch of bullshit. Liberals like to make these statements so that they get out and brainwash their sheep followers. Grow up Bernie
Take taxes from the poor ? Ummm sure bernie
What? More lies.
LIAR. COMMUNIST. Keep spreading your lies old man. Perhaps you could learn some economic basics and then shut up and color.
keep on lying it is what you do best.
Got to give Bernie credit, learned much from him. Like this for an example: I steal my neighbors chickens and sell them back the eggs.
Go get a real job, Bernie!
Then do your job and present a budget.
Bernie & Hillary, stop scratching on a steel wall thinking you'd make a difference.Go sit on your rocking chairs. Crooked Hillary stop lying
Berbernie sorry to say your ideas are out of whack...
Oh shut up!
You know it.

Do you even know how buffoonish that sounds?
Hey Burn, ur rich! U Dems/Liberals have been taking and screwing the middle class for decades! Shut up  and deal w/ur bank fraud!
I know it's common knowledge that most politicians lie occasionally. But do you ever tell the truth? Ever?
Oh Bernie go away.
But pretty rich yourself aren't u Bernie?!  I could use some money right now. You wouldn't mind sending me a check right?
Stop making false statements. You lost     to #hillary for gods sake. Time to quit politics
I would love to see that in writing. Could you post it Burnie? Or is this fake news
We don't buy your bullshit, Bern. Go away.
You wanna turn over some of your millions and 3-4 houses then?
UR lying
You're so full of shi$
I just want to know when is the wife - Jane - due for indictment on fraud? Remember Burlington College?
Boggles the mind that people are dumb enough to listen to you
WHAT does it take from the poor?
You're worried your shady deals are slipping away #BankFraudBernie?
Attack folks with money is you're whole platform. 50 years, same attack by the left. Glad folks are waking up.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah freakin’ blah. Same tired swill you people have been spewing my entire life. You need to nudge the needle
Dear stupid poor people dont pay taxes, I do to. So go fuck yourself.
The poor don’t pay taxes so exactly what is it taking away. You are a big part of what the economic problem is in this country.
You guys should really update your lies
Quit lying!
You are in total denial Bernie socialism doesn’t work! And YOU are wealthy so shut up
Sen. Sanders, we are so tired of the "very rich" cliches. Please learn a new song. Please?

Bernie just wants 1 payer.
Translation - we stop giving freebies to illegals and people who refuse to work, but are capable of holding a job.
Liar. No one wants your socialism, comrade
Do you ever get tired of lying to the sheep? You just don't like people being self-sufficient. You depend on people being dependent.
That's not how taxes work. Also, you're one of those rich people Bernard
How do you take something that was never yours to begin with?
When you take from the rich to give to the poor, the rich take their jobs and money to other countries who don't. #WhySocialismDoesNotWork
You’re the one taking from the poor and doing nothing to show for it! Move to your beloved Cuba or Venezuela where you fit in! Communist!
Some details would be nice instead of the usual ol' tired rhetoric.
This from a politician who has never ever worked in the private sector. His whole life he has been spent on the public dime & owns 3 homes!
Bernie, your a damn liar,Marxist. Hey, how's your fraud investigation going?

@senSanders modern day #RobinHood
BS - B 4 bank fraud, S 4 sell-out:
Sell out to Hillary
FBI investigation-Bank Fraud Bernie
0 credibility
And where is the money for single payer and a college education for all going to come from bernie?
You're the liberal with 3 mansions. I'm the middle class guy protecting and serving and providing for my family. I pick @POTUS  plan.
Broken record blah poor blah rich blah blah. Dude you love the poor you NEED the poor. You want people to remain poor Elitist communist.
Tell the truth Bernie, its great for everyone..MAGA
A tax plan that benefits all who pay taxes is a great idea. The key being it benefits all who actually pay taxes.
Have you seen the details Mr. Bank Fraud??? Please share if you have. Otherwise stop the Chicken Little "the sky is falling" bullshit!
Who pays the taxes?  Who gets the tax break?  The taxpayer that’s who...1+1+1=3.  Socialists can’t add.  And when they run out of other people’s money they crash and burn.

You been taking my money all your life, freeloader
Time to lay off liquor and laced brownies and take up warm milk and cookies. Nite-nite.
Hey Bernie what are you doing to contribute for the poor? How much money are you giving exactly?
The poor don't pay federal income tax, you three house owning luxury car driving garbage fire douche of a human being.
Lie much?
Shhhhhh.....it's time for your forever nap......
Bahaha haha!    No, that's YOUR plan, or did you forget?
That's a lie.  You're either stupid or a liar.
Stop lying Bernie! Families who,make under 20K would be in a zero tax bracket. That would help millions. Its a shame you're a politician..
And you ended up with 3 homes again HOW?
Says the man who pays no taxes!!
Trickle down economics, it doesn’t work just look at Kansas, look at the Great Recession, how is this benefit the middle class.
It has not created one job, not one, all it’s caused economic problems, any state that follows voodoo economics suffers.
My dad's (voted for trump) take on trumps tax plan: hes lying.  Thanks dad
The very poor don't pay taxes.  How you going to decrease their taxes?
BERNIE YOU ARE STARTING TO SOUND LIKE CRYING, LYING, SCHUMER.
That's nothing new , it's been done for decades. That's how so many govt. wages n benefits have been raised for decades. u all need to go
The poor pay zero in taxes, will continue to pay zero in taxes, next lie?
Have you read if!
Is your opinion an indicator of your bias? What's your definition of poor? Did you read the affordable healthcare act?
Has anyone seen Hilary?  She was reportedly  wearing a clown suit.
So complains a very rich man @SenSanders. You people lie so much that it just spews out of you like air. Not a good attribute.
I think your wife is calling you from prison.
Impeach the entire Trump adminstration and smack bannon. Both disgusting disgrace.
It would be more effective to criticize Gary Cohn assuming you want a tax plan more your liking
Omg study economics not communism.
That’s the way it’s always going to be. The rich look after the rich. I am disabled and being evicted from my home to the street
Bernie same old tired song & dance from libs!
I agree
That's what all tax plans do, Mr panders! #TaxationIsTheft
No it doesn’t, Bernie.
Sorry  but that's not true Senator
Got news for ya Bernie, every single tax plan ever has done the same exact thing. You think stealing less money from them is a better idea?
All taxation is theft. We are no longer represented by our government. There should be no taxation without representation. We are all poor.
It's subjective BS. You can't have rich without having poor. The words become meaningless without each other. Haves vs have nots never ends
Trump plans to give a tax break to the working middle class, and increase the tax on the rich. Something the democrats have been searching for years.
Don’t worry Bernie your money is safe.
Keep tweeting we as god fearing American democrats with compassion for our country and not just the rich need you RESPECT
Says the man soaking up a $175,000 salary an free healthcare for life. SUPPORT TERM LIMITS an reduce benefits to politicians.
You couldn't defeat Hillary who lost to Trump. Not gonna hold my breath you finna beat Trump. But hey u got likes on twitter
This idiot will never be president no matter how cool he thinks he is!!
According to who’s truth?
Bernie, who pays most of the taxes?
Gaarrruuunnnntteee his twitter lackies won't answer this question!!!
I mean that’s just a flat out lie. The rich are paying wayyy higher dollar amounts and the poor just walk into the ER with no copay. Sick F*
I believe you meant poor non-working families. Working families aren't poor, not rich but not poor. You only want welfare for all!
HOW, SENATOR???
I don't think any credible person believes this. Since you brought it up, when will you redistribute some of your wealth to help the poor?
They will tell you that wealth trickles down... it never reaches the bottom! System is rigged.. has been for years!
It's basically austerity! Being used in England right now! You take what little the poor have left so you can cut taxes for the rich!
Never had a middle tax cut while the Democrats were in charge all they want is more tax dollars.
With +40% paying no income taxes whatsoever looks to me like those are the ones doing the taking!
U must know how to read or think analytically.  But then u r not expected to have that kind on knowledge.
Bernie, painful to see how far from reality you are. 70 million out of the work force & 7 million food stamp added by obama is real poverty
Bernie, still waiting for my pony.
Wrong!those currently in the 10% bracket Will not be taxed on 1st $12k for individuals-up from $6,350 $24k 4 married couples up from $12,700
Is this a surprise?
You got all the from a 9 page propsal? Wow, that's impressive! You might want to wait until they actually write a bill to criticize it!
This type of shit has been going on for years, and it has taken this long for everyone to be upset about it???? The fuckery will never end
and we all know you have an actual plan to defeat it... share it with us.
You on the left will do or say anything to keep the middle class and lower pushed down with your foot
Do U JUST work w #Soros now Bernie then,.or?
#PointScoring w/out suggestion/relaying tangible solutions to Mr #Trump is basically `bitching`
Bit like over here in the U.K.  The Tories have been screwing the British taxpayer for years to give to the rich
Kind of like you paying less taxes then I did..... #BankFraudBernie
If more than 50% of the public doesn't pay taxes at all, how can someone "take from them?" Did you even attend math class Bernie? Amazing how this level of idiot is a US Senator
Yup, Greedy Trump, is lining his pockets with more gold!
You pay 13.5% & own 3 houses, so...
An old NYC street Marxist making his same 50year old BS statements. We need new ideas.
Better fix your Burlington college loan fraud problem.
I'm so ashamed I considered voting for this guy because I thought he was honest.  Thank you DNC for favoring crooked Hillary.
BWahahahha!  Bernie, you're drunk. The poor don't PAY taxes. They RECEIVE govt freebies, paid for by the rich.
Got my vote
Thank god you will never be President #noclue
So What? Eat or get ate!
What about his executive order removing the Affordable Care Act?
You are either out of your mind or a manipulative liar or both.
It sucks let's take it off the table
Bernie your nothing but a marxist
What ever happened to repealing Citizens United & reinstating Glass-Steagall ??  That should have been done years ago... #cravenmad @GOP
