They would rather see us die in the streets,and we are,no narcotics you are not elite,die,unless you don't need them
Or require Pharmacy to sell drugs for the same price in all countries so the drugs don't get exported
YES- just STOP it from getting shipped in the first place! @JoyAnnReid @SenSchumer why does Bernie insist on buying after shipped???
Because the greedheads on this country won't lower the prices here so they have to be purchased from other countries after they are shipped.
They can work to change this-purchasing from another country should be the threat with the ultimate goal to stay domestic and change policy
Wait so to battle DRUG addiction we import MORE DRUGS? Yeah 'cause that makes sense!
Yeah Troll, b/c people R overdosing on cancer-fighting pills which R identical & according 2 OECD R $1,515 in India, but $8,694 in the US.
So what you're saying is "not only are people are overdosing on these pills, but the pills are also terrible for the U.S. economy."
That's an idiots conclusion, not much different from your initial comment.
All i'm saying is that, as we have natural ways to deal with illnesses, we need to stop giving people pills that can Literally Kill Them.
When you have proof of a "natural way" of treating & curing cancer etc, you'll be a bazillionaire, water can kill, & your claims are absurd.
http://www.aicr.org/enews/2015/10-october/enews-7-cancer-fighting-foods-from-around-world.html?gclid=CjwKEAjw87PNBRDA_rHbypeJmFkSJADRcAivC-TjyfRDZath5INsr-a7cCeJ1du1g343xqT …
Prevention and treatment have nothing to do with each other.
Sick of the FDA and Pharma collusion to prevent competition? Limit the size and scope of government. #LibertyPill
Agreed, same druga and same co.s but America is paying 5 times more!
And you and I and probably most Christian s know Jesus wouldn't say harass the disabled.
So you think all those drugs are made in Canada?
Those voices in his head saying to abuse me or others threatening to abduct their children is not Jesus voice
 yes please
Great way to put drug companies out of business, Senator.  Of course, you'll come up with all the new drugs yourself!
Finally a plan for healthcare reform.
Pharmaceutical companies are a great place to start. Mexico has a working model that people can afford
Yet Senator, YOU joined critics call to shut down the Clinton Charity which was able to negotiate cheap drug prices for 12m AIDES victim.
Americans a re dying, I thought democrats were for abortion/babykillers. the only thing dying soon=democrats
One of the major overhauls is we need doctors on the FDA that are not also employed by Pharma. More POS
Yea well make sure you tell @CoryBooker to vote the right way. Vote for the people and not his backers, his #BigPharma friends
I KNOW LOBBYIST. GAVE SEN KENNEDY & SENATOR MCCAIN,A LITTLE TALK ON LOW PHARMA PRICES HERE 45% RAISING THEM SLOWLY(2%) IN REST OF WORLD

BERNIE
Better yet, negotiate with Big Pharma to get the same prices.
BIG PHARMA greed wants all their costs and profits in the first couple years when they have a patent for 20! spread it out over that 20!!!
the majority of those drugs are trialed in the US and FDA approved before they go to other countries! we should be getting the same cost!!!
Sin
Bernie, are you serious. Nothing  imported will ever compare to HOME MADE IN THE USA!
Finally thinking! Until there is oversight 2 stop Pharma price gouging, medical overbilling, unnecessary testing- #noonewillaffordhealthcare
Nice headline? WTH
Most of the drugs are manufactured in the US; you shouldn't need to import them. You just need some better regulations to prevent gouging
What am I missing?  Many RX's can be purchased this way already.
#Bernie2020
The Simpsons tried this, it failed
You voted against importing drugs from other countries.The dems didn't want to piss pharma off after they donated 80 billion to obamacare.
Define greed.
Why R Canadian drugs safer than drugs from Mexico? Arent Mexican drugs as cheap?
Yes more government interference please.
Less* he is advocating for less. He wants completion between pharma not government mandated monopolies. Did you read the article ?
Don't feed the trolls.
Missing the issue. Reform the patent industry for Big Pharma and Big Med and we will solve most of the problems @RandPaul what do you think?
Every person should be able to afford medicine when people have to choose medicine over food in such a wealthy country wromg
"These are not radical ideas."
What Comes Out of the South End of a Northbound Cow?
Your opinion.
This we can agree on Mr. Sanders! I fully support globalizing prescription drugs and medical devices. It would save the world. :)
That's it Bernie help the opioid crisis! Take another drag on your crack pipe!lol
Everything is like it woke up one morning an decided to be way too high. Why is it and how can it be fixed?
Why can't they make those out of something else?
Import drugs, export jobs
You almost had it
Fact: My drugs can be purchased in India for about $13 U.S. these same drugs cost over $280 - $480 this is verified by my Indian doctors
Re-importation of FDA approved drugs must become law. Right to die and right to try before you die must become the law of the land as well
If this passes, can we do something about the 7 year copyright on new drugs? We're a long way from generic Januvia.
pure greed , no interest in cures either , can't sell drugs to well ppl
My Mom gets a little over 1K per mo. SS, that she worked her whole lifetime for. She was recently given a prescription that costs $425 a mo
Thanks to guys like Bernie, we are already importing drugs, there coming from Mexico & China
This.  So much this #GoBernie
Bernie, don't be asking for donations until you provide info about what Medicare-for-All can do & on what basis & at what cost. We need fact
Friend of mine used to go to Mexico, get a years worth of his meds, same mfr, for price of 3 mos supply (incl airfare) he paid in the US.
the VA already imports cheaper "unsafe" Canadian drugs 
Lobbyists are definitely swamp creatures
This is a free market idea - approved by a socialist!  I like it!!!We need to also make it easier to get drugs through the pipeline in US
Bernie isn't a socialist.He doesn't want govnt to own grocery store down the street or any commodity for that matter. Look into his policies
i agree.  My Novolog was 648.00.  ridiculous
SENATOR WE MUST DO EVERYTHING TO HELP THE AMERICAN PEOPLE !THESE DRUG COMPANIES ARE OUT OF CONTROL!
Very enlightening. And the best thing I read all day. This should be passed with bipartisan support.
He's not only incredibly stupid, he's VERY dangerous
Do imported drugs have the same accept criteria as USA pharms?Think before you speak, Senator.DNC Flunkee.Hilary stepped all over you.
Lmao the US has some of the worse regulations on drugs and food in the 1st world
Five year LIMIT on drugs and then FORCE pharma's to make the generic version. ESPECIALLY INSULIN... 
Yes please. @SenSanders #2020
I think we have to consider a softwood lumber duty on drugs exported to the US.
AGREED
I have a better solution. How about politicians stop taking kickbacks from pharmaceutical companies. They dont get rich by working for it!!
Why does Bernie want to move jobs to Canada?
To save lives?
#FeelTheBern love ya Bernie
Ummm...
Your still around? Thought you'd be in jail harboring your wife?
Hard to argue with intelligent viewpoints like that. Your former teachers must be so proud of their results.
This will be spending up to the WH today!
