How about this Bernie?.. Stop spreading your misinformation.
Thank you Bernie for standing up to this president. He truly does not represent the people of this country!
He did, multiple times now. Said it clear as a bell yesterday and made the point that leftist groups are violent also, which is true.
You aren't listening that's why it's not clear. President has a comms issue no doubt about it but he isn't a racist or a Nazi. Unfair.
I wonder what it will take for you to open your eyes and see the man for what he is.
You first
When are you going to condemn all the Lefts hate groups? BLM, Antifa, Muslim Brotherhood just to mention a few. More popping up all the time
#BLM against cops killing unarmed, innocent black people. Nazis against anyone who's not white, straight and Christian. BIG difference.
Sweetie, do YOU any idea who/how many the nazis killed? Also some white people. Or do they not count because they weren't Christian?
Again, classic use of name calling when you don't actually have a defense for your views. I understand, your intelligent comments ran out.

lol, you left out the many discriminations suits, his own words and the central park 5. Nazis are marching cause they feel safe now.
More schitt stirring against Trump by the zionist-bankster controlled mainstream media and establishment.  Traitors to the American people.
Except he did. I recall you specifically saying that you shouldn't have to denounce the actions of individuals who voted for you. Hmmm???
He wouldn't be denouncing BECAUSE THEY VOTED FOR HIM, he would be denouncing the action by individuals REGARDLESS OF WHO THEY VOTED FOR.
The issue is that he has denounced them, and their evil intent. The same way Sanders should have without sidestepping. It's double standard
Because they are absolute loons who are trying to use a white President after a black one to grow their base. People's biases ignore that.
#2) @TerryMcAuliffe @BarackObama @PattyMurray @funder @MarkZuckerbergF @MMFlint @repjohnlewis @facebook @Twitter @SenJohnMcCain @tedcruz
#3) A "LEADER" of "ALL" countries should respect "CIVIL RIGHTS"  for everyone of the country's citizens, where the people are not treated
#4) differently on the basis of race, the color of their skin, gender, disability, age, national origin, & yes religion. When any "LEADER"
#5) is known for his or her racist behavior in his/her pass as well as the present, there's a possibility it will continue in the future.
#6) Our "WORLD" is a combination of many people, cultures, religions, and languages. We know that the @UN is of many languages such as...
#7)  English...Faris...Chinese...Spanish...Amharic...Arabic...Vietnamese...Russian...Tagalog...Serbian...French...Portuguese...Gerson...
#8) Korean...Pennsylvania Dutch...& Oromo.  I'm sorry if I left anyone's language out, hopefully I got them all.  As our "WORLD" continues
He did say that, multiple times. You know what's worse than the disgusting Nazis? Communists. Esp the ones who arise from Socialism.
wait communists are worse than nazis..? What?
They're both bad. But Nazis killed 6 million people. While communism has killed 200 million people.
You're comparing apples and walnuts the two are not even relevant to one another
Horseshoe theory. But you're right, they're hardly comparable. Communists killed far far more people!
You can't condemn fascism while defending communism, it makes you a morally bankrupt hypocrite.
uhuh...
He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did.
"Good noW!"®,B"H. Sellout hypocrite 2PLO U&otherscan't fathom! TRUMP's FOCUS is VIOLENCE used 2 break-up legal march that caused the problem
"Good noW!"®,B"H.  ÷ is over identity v function/behavior since campaign started & function won v dysfunction & identity, @POTUS v Hillary.
"Good noW!"®,B"H. This is the crux of the ÷. Solution is function 2gether!How? Get rid of "ego"name calling.1 side uses insignia,other masks
"Good noW!"®,B"H. Between U&me, both of U r 1/2 not whole of existence.That's reality.So U want 2b 100%.Sorry that's fascism,ISIS, Fems,gays
"Good noW!",B"H. BIRDS HAVE 2 WINGS. CHASSIDIC ANALOGY, Fear & Love. U need both 2 FLY!
"Good noW!",B"H. The driver used accelerator-love, no brakes.All car ramming r about is Ego-selflove&being hateful of others - no brakes2EGO
"Good noW!"®,B"H. EGO=E're i go in the place of G-d! That's the problem on both sides - no consideration, no fear/brakes on love, no control
Uh turn up your hearing aide! He did!
And yet richard Spencer and david duke love him even more now... Hmmmm... Maybe he half assed his "condemnation"....
I seriously doubt he gives 2 shits how they feel about him. America first
Richard Spencer and david duke seem to think "america first" too... And trump really hasn't done anything for america...
Last I checked America includes all races
And the majority of Americans didn't vote for him. The majority of Americans disapprove of him. And he hasn't done anything good for america
That is still yet to be seen. Polling ethics will determine that
Then also this
6. Blacks were NOT ALLOWED to vote https://www.thenation.com/article/wisconsins-voter-id-law-suppressed-200000-votes-trump-won-by-23000/ …
#TrumpStoleIt | #Crosscheck | #VoterID | #unhackthevote
Keep throwing gas on the fire for the morons that follow you. You know he's denounced this over & over. You are part of the problem
it is inexcusable especially for a leader of America who doesnt have a clue what it means to be a leader.He thinks he is on reality TV
It is not asking very much to have a Senator form Vermont, who actually knows the roots of AntiFA, and the Marxist white genocide they want.
He did, but your upset because he include Natifa & BLM
Antifa and blm are no diffrent.  Trump did what you sell outs cant and thats call both side ignorant.
The prexy is a dope, he has no agenda, he cares about only himself, he surrounded himself with Alts, he has no redeeming qualities IMPEACH!!
He doesn't condemn because he supports their supporters. Simple to see as Arpaio pardon shows!
40ak.  An A mule
Wen will the world  give  us our  40
Don't  Tweet me be careful  you know its  true
Trump is  not going to do anything about it because he is  one
He did condemn them. You need new hearg aid batteries.
When are you going to address the 10 million single people, and stop lumping us into families? I have no family.
Or....uh....idk....maybe a President and Senator who condemns similar groups such as BLM and Antifa!
Pres Trump has denounced these hate groups many times.  Where was Liberal outrage when Obama wouldn't even name radical islamist terrorists?

PLEASE Share - How The Media Lies To BLACK & WHITE People. #FlashbackFriday #StayWoke 
I wonder if he sees something different than we do as we witness that atrocity? Doesn't sound like it. I wonder about his mental health.
He said it multiple times, quit spreading lies and hate, your part of a huge problem! #sellout
You mean like he has 87 times now?
I'll bet you were shaking in your boots back when "Kill a Commie for Mommy" was most popular saying in America.
I see somebody who wants to represent working-class, but is under investigation for fraud. I condemn that.
HI Bernie - Scalise is learning how to walk again after a Bernie Bro tired to murder him. Did u visit Steve even once?
How many freaking times does he need to say it, Bernie?  Turn your hearing aid up!
Funny how you don't disavow the violent communist revolutionaries of Antifa @SenSanders!
What ru talking about,old man?POTUS HAS     denounced KKK, Neo Nazis over and over for decades!Yet Dems YET 2denounce BLM, AntiFa violence!
It is not asking very much to have a democratic party who sees communists hurling rocks at the police and saying "we disavow and condemn it"
If right wing mobs were going 2 every single left wing event & getting into fights with cops and/or attacking ppl at events u would DEMAND
That the right address the extremism element of their party. It's long past time that u address the extremist element of your side.
There were no neo Nazis in Boston sir. Yet antifa fought with cops and shut down peaceful event. There were no neo Nazis last night
And yet cops had to use tear gas against protesters who were violent. Why can't the left protest peacefully?
He said that multiple times. Multiple times. Now u need 2 address the violence from the left.They protested Nazis in Boston & no Nazis there
He has many times. It would be nice to see democrats denounce antifa and blm for their acts of violence
But u said if you had to denounce every dipshit that voted for you for their acts of violence, it would be a very long and difficult life.
We  condemn communist such as you Bernie.
#HispanicsForTrump
#MAGA
#BuildTheWall
#FreeKekistan
How's the FBI investigation going, you washed up old hack?
Damn Bernie if you can't speak the truth, then just shut up already! Geez you had your chance to correct a wrong but you caved!
@POTUS DOES condem the Neo Nazis. It was clinton that said her mentor was a KKK member. http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/08/25/hillary-clinton-friend-mentor-robert-byrd-kkk/ … READ THIS BERNIE
How complicated would it be to see Antifa stabbing police horses with nail tipped sticks and say, "This is ugly?"
How complicated is it to see Antifa throwing urine on police officers and say, "This is disgusting?"
He has you old senile fool.
How about ATIFA.  do you condemn them?
STOP THE RHETORIC, YOU SOUND LIKE CNN, 1ST RUSSIANS, THEN NAZI? WHEN WILL THE BS END?""

I like you even more now, Adriana for retweeting this 
Hey sanders it make me sick to see a fraud in office the real Donald trump bankrupt fraud not once but three times is a crime and he my brok
@POTUS DID say that @SenSanders When are you going to denounce #AltLeft #Anifa for assaulting cops & labeling them NAZIS  #LiberalsLoveHate
What was disgusting was seeing you berate and harass that man for his religious views....that's not fascist or bigoted? #hypocrite
Devolve la guita

Please run in 2020
If every @realDonaldTrump supporter is a Nazi, is every Muhammad supporter(Muslim) a slave trader,child molester,murderer & supporter of FGM
Do u condemn this? https://twitter.com/HLHughes03 
What's more disgusting is that ALL of you on the left have NOT condemned the violence coming from the leftist communists AntiFa / BLM.
He has condemned it Bernie...how many times do you want the president to condemn the same one thing?
That requires Intelligence, courage& Leadership!Nope
He has twice. Apparently you were in a meeting with your wife and lawyers during those times.
He most definitely did stand up against this and he did condemn it!!  His own Daughter is Jewish and Son in law!!! What is wrong with you!
Trump would not be President without Bernie Sanders vicious anti-DNC Hillary hating campaign.  He really must go away now.
Please #Bernie come out and condemn this violence.
https://twitter.com/bostonpolice/status/898991076157136898 …
#Boston
Repudiate ANTIFA, go head, be quick about...do it 20 times....
Apparently you need to turn up your hearing aid.  He has condemned hate groups numerous times.

https://twitter.com/georgiadirtroad/status/898455650199519233 …
He did. In fact it all played out pretty similar to the Bernie Sanders supporter shooting republicans, condemning ANY and ALL violence.
I think your a Globalist self serving individual!
He did. Stupid.

Is it too much to ask for you to watch the press conference where he did just that? Trump could have the cure for cancer and it would be bad
The so called peaceful protesters were communists. Are you going to condemn this ideology which was responsible for over 100 mill deaths?
It's too funny that u say trump didn't condemn all this crap, but literally posted it on your twitter feed days ago!!!
Nope it's not, that's why he did!!! Liar Bernie!!!
McCain with a Nazi condem?
#maga
Bank fraud Bernie spewing hate again.
Be careful what you wish for, I find your rhetoric and socialism to be violently offensive and a threat to America, we let you speak,so far.
Bernie, they had a legal Permit. Are you suggesting we strip 1st amendment rights to peacefully assemble from American citizens? you are.
Piss off Bernie too little too late s/have supported Hilary  when u knew u were out
How is the bank fraud ordeal going for ur wife?
I condemn communism yet u still around! Y didn't u fight 4 truthful spot at primary? Bcuz of it I have no respect for u! U have no COJONES!
Hey Bren the nazis were like all demarcat just like you rich phony
Perhaps you should watch this.  He has been denouncing white supremacists for years.
1 million times is not enough!  Trump denounces David Duke & "White Supremacists" over & over & over ... VIDEO:  http://bit.ly/2wKy74N 
Are you going to disavow  Chappelle-Nadal? Your silence condones her statement. #hypocrite #AltLeft #ChappelleNadal
Seems it wasn't that long ago we were asking you to do the same thing with BLM, and you not only ignored us but defended them #hypocrisy
Do you Condemn your Alt-Left followers too
This is the #AltLeft MSM won´t show you. 
CNN is a hypocrite race baiter.
#FakeNews
#AntifaTerrorists
Jesse Jackson Praises DonaldTrump for supporting diversity, civil rights and equal opportunity
WATCH: Jesse Jackson Praises @realDonaldTrump for supporting diversity, civil rights and equal opportunity 
One of the delusional Bernie supporter..Dem Campaign Worker tries to Murder GOP Members of Congress as they Practi…
He did say it and condemned, hard of hearing? Since you are a socialist guess that makes you a Nazi..
The fact of the Nazi rise to power that has been slowly airbrushed from our collecting memories: Nazis campaigned as socialists. -@JonahNRO
Yeah he tried to, people like you twist his words. Why fight an uphill battle with a bunch of whinny democrats???
So, ANTIFA is good for you though. Those are your supporters
It is when it is Fuhrer Trump.
That's exactly what he said!!! You just don't like he's calling out the paid leftist agitators as well!!! Both are bad!!! Nazis are BAD!!!!!
Bernie stop with the bs leave the president alone he made a good statement . Your Democratic party is corrupt.
No more disgusting than watching alt-left protesters smashing windows, burning cars, etc.....Bernie The Hypocrite
He did. several times. U just can't accept the truth there are a$$ wipes on both sides. U r a member of the party of Racism. #democratracist
It's painful for you.  To me seeing the BLM group flying African and Mexican flags bad.  I see that you approve this crap.  No to White Race
If all you want to do is stir up more trouble then CRAWL back into the DC SWAMP, YOU LOSER!!!!
Absolutely not!!!! We must stay united to stop this!!!!
They have the right to march or we can trash the Constitution.  Only select hate groups can march.  BLM is a big hate group.
both sides are disgusting.  your side has more violent protest than all of the others.
The same President who insulted Mexicans, mocked the disabled, banned Muslims & transgenders & is a sex offender & a misogynist.
@SenSanders, will you publicly condemn the violence of ANTIFA and BLM? POTUS condemned them and KKK. Sympathize with violence much? hypocrit
He's a racist himself.  What do you expect?

He's a fascist KKK supporting white supremacist with a fanatical cult following. He needs taking down. Pubic enemy number 1.
Preach, #BankFraudBernie! How is your #thief of a wife? You are a complete failure, and you dare to chastise @POTUS, who is #winning? 
It isn't much to ask to have a Senator like you see masked people with nail tipped sticks and hear you denounce them.
And he did, go back to writing porn, Bernie!
GET YOUR FACTS RIGHT!! https://youtu.be/k7g85VejT0c . TRUTH HERE.
Bernie, looking good, sounding as correct as ever. #Bernie2020
You couldn't even stand up to Hilary, and you wanted to be president.
Bernie, You must need a hearing aide in your old age. He has condemned it over and over. This is getting so old. Real Trump supporters know.
how can you stoop so low as to lie like this??!!  Trump spoke out against BOTH evil sides!!
He did say that. Now when are you going to say the same about AntiFa and BLM?
Or how about denouncing Marxism that has killed over two hundred million people in the last century!
Duh!   That's exactly what he said.  We can't come back to the Dems til you find your brains and quit grandstanding
I think he already said what you are talking about. That makes you a very poor listener.
I believe the president dif condem if you and all of your kind would be quite and listen.
Good. That's EXACTLY  what he said.
Let's finally call it for what it was.. #fakepotus' campaign rallies were white nationalist rallies. Pure and simple. #maga is a dog whistle
You rock SenSanders!
I know you are up in age but he said it, the first time.
#BankFraudBernie What were your socialist fascists doing in #Charlottesville ?  They don't care about statues, just making protest money.
He did say that. It is disgusting to ascribe beliefs he does not hold to anyone, including this @POTUS
Presient Trump is backed onto a corner of historical significants.  Someone needs to stick their hand in and try to save him.
That's what he did you lying fraud.
#BERNIE2020
"John McCain is a hero, one of the most respected senators and a friend." - Bernie S.

Shame on you Bernie for supporting nazis!
He's always been a racist why ru surprised now, the senate, judiciary and cabinet are racists! GET 45 out and Sessions Bannon and Miller 2
Trump is despicable
I love this country very much but I don't recognize it because we have a president that is tearing it apart both socially and morally.
Thank you Bernie Sanders because you are absolutely right. It is painful to watch the president representing and encouraging these people
Outrageous and disappointing. Just so disappointing.
Stop the senseless scheming against our president. You will be voted out. The Deep State will be defeated.
You're more connected to Nazis ,through socialism, than he is. Condemn yourself.
Bernie, you must have turned the volume down because THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT POTUS SAID!! You hate the fact he had smarts to call out alt left
Sounds good but we r dealing w/ a man whose father was a Nazi Lover
So what does he need to do draw pictures for you? At least he, unlike your buddy Obama, knows to name our enemies. #IslamicTerrorists
That is what he said! Stop making me defend him you old coot!
For your information Communist Bernie, The Nazis were fashioned after the Democratic Party of that era. Stop the bullshit and own it
So now you decide to wake up.
I know your old and the FBI investigation may have tired you out but this is exactly what he said. Thank God you lost.
Is it asking to much for 1 Damn Senator of the United States DENOUNCE Antifa rioting w/cops Seattle, no KKK! Really
If you would remove your head from your butt, you would realize that he did! #youidiot.
Haha you clearly have half a brain! A Jewish socialist?
Bernie go help ur wife steal more money. Shameful u Dems us a situation like this for political gain instead of trying to pull us together
He said just that, you fake.
Bernie Sanders brave condemned nazi white nationalism than Trump @realDonaldTrump family Bernie family 2 world war suffering nazi camps
@realDonaldTrump saw this video
#Nazis today. #Commies and #socialist associates tomorrow. Win/Win 4 USA. #Lefties and #fubar game plan.
Too many condemnations. Stand up to the clown and remove him NOW. Take a lead and say “the king is naked” Only brave people win.
