He says that #MedicareForAll plan would "guarantee health care to every man, woman and child" like other nations do:
.@SenSanders says the "comprehensive health care plan" would allow people to go any doctor they want.
He criticizes GOP for what he says is not prioritizing health care people need over tax cuts:
He said #SinglePayer would get rid of private insurance companies and save people "incredible amounts of money," & save businesses money.
.@SenSanders addressed fears that  inefficiencies in VA would also be seen in a #singlepayer health care system:
Will the new Medicare for All program cover transgender care? Thank you for standing up for healthcare access!
Do you have health insurance?
Yep. Just spent all night in the hospital trying to convince them to give me the care I need. Fuck health insurance. I want my doctor back.
When people have free care they swarm the entire medical system. It will be a nightmare, not b/c we add the final 9%, but b/c it costs
Who are the 'they' ?  People who are sick?
They is everyone. When you can just walk in to an ER & sit & wait for a doc ppl will do it- it's already happening. When you get free MRIs
there's no reason to not get an MRI. Deciding when someone needs one will become political not evidence driven. You twist your knee today
you put a wrap on it. Free care? Better go to doc just in case & might as well get MRI just to be safe. Thats what will happen, so it needs
What does Senator Sanders propose to do with all the people who will lose their jobs when private insurance companies are shuttered?
Many will be able to work for Medicare w  staff need, or other areas that will boom when people have more security and disposable income.
Your taxes go up,so it's very unlikely there will be more spending money. When ppl have free care they go to the doctor much more frequently
That's how the system gets bogged down, you can't use the current medical care demand to estimate costs for free coverage for all.
We can, however, use the experiences of other countries to make those predictions.
What about the people who will lose their jobs Bernie?
They will get a cushy government job. And a raise. And feel better about the work that they do.
Lol umm why? Are there nurses who hate their job? Are their call center employees who hate their job?You think working for gov is different?
If positions eliminated in ins. industry, they will certainly appreciate the job offer. And yes govt work pays better.

https://youtu.be/SZ14-JipXwo 
This healthcare for all will cover illegal aliens and it will cost you 70% of your paycheck and have deathpanels
Confusion:
Will double your taxes, only cover 80%. You will still need to get insurance.  You will still have thousands out of pocket expenses.
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems will show us which members are owned by lobbyists and which serve the American people.
Over burdening tax payers to force us on crap Congress exempts themselves from while creating premiums no can afford
If the country goes broke, do we lose all RIGHTS, or just the one that relies on taxation??? 

RIGHTS exist without taxation.
Without a budgetary part in the the bill; it's basically a waste of time.
Crap for brains Sanders, how's all this paid for?
We lost good jobs to Canada because of healthcare cost not wages.
Single-payer will cost us less - as a nation and individually - than our current capitalist system. We can't afford the current system.
https://instagram.com/p/BY7X95wFcKd/ 
Boring geezer talks to other monotone, boring geezers. #NoThanks
Bernie, time for assisted living.. are you going to cover that under Medicare for All????
Look at the two partners in crime? The swamp would be partially drained if you two went away.
Great. Ask him how much more in tax we will all need to pay?
Yes! Go Bernie!we need this!
Keep pushing Bernie. You make so much sense!!
So did Chavez..love what they did there
This is nothing less than another attempt to Socialize America. Once we start down this road, our doom will be in sight.


$14,000,000,000,000. Where does this money come from?
How about "curing" Down Syndrome through Hitler style eugenics just like in socialized medicine in Europe?
Are we going to start killing the Mentally ill like they do under Socialized medicine in Belgium and the Netherlands too?
I didn't think npr had the ability to utter @SenSanders name? Huh. 
Well, only if he's pitching Kamala Harris's Medicare for All bill.  She's brilliant, you know!
Your Rting to Put MediKills out of business & RW trying to put Gov. out of business!  Poor people are stuck in a vice! HELP!
I am on medicare now but have no dental or vision everyone deserves full coverage for all three
Yeah and free food and housing too ...plus a really nice car maybe a Tesla to help control climate change...love free..who pays for free??
Our taxes
we need this thank you for working so hard to try and make this happen
2 Insur & Big Pharma industry intentionally buried ACA. Improving it next till this flushes out. #MedicareForAll
1 Medicare for All will come to pass. The question is how long will battle to overcome anti propaganda take.
Just like you all were on Obama care

#dontletthemmessupMedicare
Look what we would have to spend on healthcare if we were not fighting a never ending war
Great point Barbara. The never ending wars are a disgrace.
Let's be honest and correct the headline "Democrats Unveil A Massive Vote Buying Scheme".
I immigrated to UK- the NHS blows my mind daily. #singlepayer is the one thing that can unify the USA again. Get it done @BernieSanders !
Single Payer INS FOR All incls Congress members no free ins and on same ins
$20Trillion debt and don't have the money for existing Medicare recipients. Where's the money for millions of parasites going to come from?
Canadian, 14 hours in ER, blood tests, xrays, ultasound, morphine, antibiotics, ERCP, Gallbladder removal, 5 days in hospital $0 - priceless
Canada, 41%-48% tax rate. Canada gives 10million to Omar Khadr,a terrorist.  starts "Basic Income Program".
Keep it in ,#AmericaFirst
Canada's gdp grew 4.6% from May 2016 - May 2017.  How is that possible with such high taxes?
Sticking with your OP, you said your cost was $0, which is moronic since the average working man pays >40% in taxes.
You pay for it in taxes
There's a guy who won't look at the lessons of Venezuela right in front of him! I still think he's been smoking crack too long!lol
This sounds great, but remember that in the Countries where this is in place the tax rate is around 50% or more.
If you used the extra tax money to pay for medical services, how much would you have?
Warren to Sanders; "Do you know where you are sir? Do you know what year this is?"
#Yemen isn't in a civil war, but in #US #Saudi #UAE  aggression & #UK & #Europe support Saudi with weapons #media
Put mandatory provisions in this bill 2 protect us frm medical tyranny lk forced vaccs 4 ANY HUMAN. Who or what is behind forced vax attmpts
@SenSanders, opponents cite outrageous costs. Why not pay small premiums. Gladly exchange marketplce plans w/ low annual buy-in
#Bernie2020
Who's going to be the "single payer", Madonna?
#Yemen isn't in a civil war, but in #US #Saudi #UAE  aggression & #UK & #Europe support Saudi with weapons #media
Bernie is On Point! He makes sense.
