One of the worst floods in American history. Meanwhile days ago Trump undid Obamas flood regulations.
Saying "we're with you, Texas" while he hides at Camp David is inexcusable. Obama would have delivered pizza and rescued 85 puppies by now.
But he didn't know anything about running the country and he only did that to look good
Didn't know anything about ... wait... you KNOW who our CURRENT president is, right?
Donald Trump knows what he's doing and he knows what he's going to do get rid of the spongeBob's what are you afraid of?
He DOES know what he's doing - and it's all shady. What are Spongebobs?
SpongeBob's are illegals and others who get on free housing free medical WIC food stamps etc. The programs we pay for.
You're probably on some of those programs yourself most demos are
How are you going to respond to demand from Pokanoket tribe to return Brown Univ land to the tribe? Be consistent now.
Trump the #westie to Sen Sanders.  No words. MY pack in Houston. End dumb wall talk use $  rebuild America. Congress mudt act for all packs
You're a real human, Bernie.
To bad your buddies Hillary and Obastard dont think like you. They could care less and have proven it with their ugly past!
We fucked up not having you as president...period
Thank you
@realDonaldTrump this is what a presidential tweet should be like!
perhaps you can mobilize ANTIFA to lend a hand?
So very true
Too late to BS people with your unifying speech. Nobody needs your blabbering
Forever #berniewouldvewon
Amidst the series of events & natural disasters,I believe love still resides in the USA. And heroes. Be strong Houston. Text HARVEY to 90999
The guy is a real hero.
The biggest disaster is the current White House.
Yes, we must help Texas and also put the idea of a wall between US and Mexico in the garbag where it belongs. Trump wake up God is watching.
You're more than right we are all Americans When one hurts we all hurt
What has Vermont done?  NOTHING. ZERO. You didn't volunteer emergency medical people or National Guard, you just want to spend Fed. money.
Luckily Texans are an excellent example of why Americans don't need a big government babysitter. Down here we take care of our own.
Please! Bring up climate change!!!
Then stop race baiting and attemps to undermine race relations.
I would say it's also a reminder of what will happen if our POTUS keeps blaming the chinese for climate change
Thank you for being an #American who cares! Please direct #Antifa from #Berkley to #Houston for Rescue Work!  @RealJamesWoods
It reminds us that gentrification of urban areas is vital to minimize destruction from natural disasters.
And also that global warming is a real problem, affecting us now!
Why can't we do this EVERY day?
Funny how nobody turns away all those socialist helicopters, boats, and first responders when they're needed. 
Bernie #StillSanders
How many people out there feel like it's been four years already and it's time to vote again?????
I love you too.I believe that they got rid of you so it would be much more easier for trump to steal the white house from a women.Sad .
Joke Bernie and Dem & MSM will turn this into a RACIST ANTI C THING SOON THEY ALWAYS DO WITH EVERYTHING, MSM WILL BE THEIR VOICE AS USUAL
I don't see any Dems on site except the looters
We must live in this terrible moment and beyond it. Whatever path we take in terms of infrastructure and energy, it must be sustainable!
Is this Make Stuff Up Day?
Look at his page
Well we were until Trump removed Obama admin flood protection just a few days ago! #clockisticking!
@SenSanders Very presidential, Sir. Wish every day that you were POTUS.
On Earth2, @SenSanders is ushering in an American Golden Age as President.
No federal $ for Texas- give them choice and pray for them.

This is a man who loves America and what we as Americans stand for. Let that sink in.
Remember that when you step by on the floor of Congress Speak of unity Speak of Kindness Speak of Love all the things American deserves
#BERNIE2020
Yes, but what about the sociopaths your system breeds? They don't care about this sentiment. Ethos is only care for self. One is in charge.
BERNIE AND HIS WIFE WILL BE JOINING SENATOR MENENDEZ NJ IN FRAUD INDICTMENT
All good. Except to a liberal our communities are ALWAYS in trouble, which means ALL resources MUST be taxed to the MAX in order to help.
Disasters should remind us to have compassion and to do what we can to help alleviate suffering, wherever that may be in the world!
Being humans should be enough ;)
Please donate to local relief funds in the area for immediate help to victims and not Govt. infiltrated relief "efforts." Thank you.
Are you giving @realDonaldTrump credit for doing everythung possible to help the people? If he was responsible for world peace..you wouldnt!
Oh yeah, and climate change is real @realDonaldTrump
too bad your commie minions don't give a rat's ass.
No, this disaster reminds us that we are all humans.
When you going to denouce Antifa and the rest of the lunitic left? You hate mongers wont be happy until more people lose their lives. Pathic
Like we did in Flint?
You need to learn that lesson!! God be with your soul!!
Any!
Yea Bernie ... tell this to Jo Biden.
This statement makes me very sad that Bernie is not president.
The day is near when all coasts will flood.
Bernie calling on Cerci to use her resources to help the north
Tell that to DJT.
Why did YOU vote against Russian Sanctions twice?
Well let's see who is first to criticize POTUS for visiting the area on Tuesday
those that don't assimilate aren't really Americans & don't consider themselves so,too much immigration divides
Watch how Trump twist this and blames it on someone
hopefully soon the good people of vermont will understand you are a disasters
Leadership!
As long as Bernie doesn't have to actually roll up his sleeves and do anything, just stand on a Pulpit and criticize everyone else.
Smartest thing you said in 23 years.
Bernie, why not be honest in all the comes out of you. Hillary screwed you and you don't care. You just Pissed on all your supporters, Man.
Bernie I'd rather not have you on my side
This is the only smart thing I've ever heard come out of your mouth Bernie.
And you are not an #AMERICAN if you are a #SOCIALIST #COMMUNIST
Good luck in your wife's lawsuit
Which Vermont HOME did BErnie strike that bullshit from
Thats real inspirational Bernie, especially coming for an old commie
A non-divisive tweet from fascist socialist, Bernie Sanders
w/ initials "BS"
How absolutely fitting
Will lie & attack DT-voters w/next tweet
So, let refugees live in your empty mansions. Voila!
don't tell "Don the Con" that. He will want to take healthcare away from people who need the help.
Why don't you go help? Maybe you can sell your mansion and give the proceeds to the people of Houston
Bernie look at what you see in this Texas disaster where people come together! No color identification going on here!!!
How about a BIG donation to Texas from all that fraud money you & your wife have!!!
Hey look Americans are actually compassionate! #STUPIDSOCIALIST
Go away old fool. You're a sell out with no clue how the world works.
It takes something of this magnitude to remind you we're all Americans?
Nation also APPRECIATES Sen.'s CALL 2 HELP! At our BELOVED @POTUS @realDonaldTrump's COMMAND, we're as ONE 2 HELP #TexasFlood ppls! Shalom!
I thought you said comrades for a second there, but I totally agree. People helping fellow people through free will and community. 
What are you doing personally Bernie...besides whining? Have you contacted Houston mayor who advised not to evacuate?
So. You flying some families up to your three houses????
I bet no Bernie or democratic supporters are helping out today. Probably planning their next hate march and socialist riot. #MAGA
Trump supporters are being beaten regularly. Where is our relief? When do we get our help?
Retweeting why? Political grandstanding fluff
I RT all kinds of stuff. It doesn't necessarily mean anything.
Bought extra copies of your book. Brilliant.
Why can't you say that every day and stop putting people in boxes?! It's disgusting!
Wish I could believe you old liar, by I just can't.
thank you
Hard to forget those that voted "no" to help NY after Sandy.
Except for @realDonaldTrump apparently

Tropical Storm Watches for Potential Tropical Cyclone 10 or #irma in the Carolinas

If Trump needs military resources in the SE he must act 
I wish you were our president! #FeelTheBern #ImpeachTrumpNow
Finally, a well reasoned thought that we can all agree on.
Since when American were socialist, communist, and Marxist?
Many over the years have claimed to be all three
Sydney & California used to share a firefighting water plane called Elvis when I was growing up shows countries r never alone when in need
The Industrial Military Complex doesn't make $ by helping people
Yes Bernie, and help with even be provided for the Bernie haters, you know, the people who always complain about others getting help. 
Nobody minds socialism at these times!!!
Hi Bernie, I love you, and hope you run in next campaign, I love the things you stand for, you have my vote 
Socialist for you the ppl but him the rich with more than one mansion!!!!
Why didn't Prez Trump order an evacuation& Military help before the hurricane in Texas? NOAA did issue a warning.
Hmmmm...because that's local governments job...wow
Correct. States request help from the fed, FEMA leads the response. The president said the states could have what they needed
Yes. Decent people reach out and help each other without wondering which political party they are from. Same after 9/11 too.
Below are the vote for Sandy aid. 179 of the 180 no votes were Republicans. At least 20 Texas Republicans. http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2013/roll023.xml …
Donnie has billions. Perhaps he should help folks out?
Amen
Unless your @Alyssa_Milano , she finds any reason to bash @realDonaldTrump
Except Texas Senators voted against aid to Northeast after Hurricane Sandy. Now they expect federal govt to rescue. #hypocrites
Join MAGA If U dont agree w things then talk abt it w @POTUS @realDonaldTrump join all Americans as 1 Leave CHEATING CORRUPTION w #Democrats
http://cernovich.com/dnc-rig-primary-judge …
Agreed
It hasn't reminded Trump of that. He is tweeting about "the wall" and a book recommendation.
Just Love you Bernie!! God bless you Sir!
Except for that time Texas voted against help for other Americans.
TU for doing what real leaders should do: make us feel useful, united, heard & hopeful for a future that is worth fighting for. #Neededthat
Kick out the fat Putz Bernie. We are sick of hearing about him in Europe
Oh so u were the one that advice President Trump.
I agree. That's not what Rs did when Sandy hit. They played dirty politics. We can't unify when one side is so corrupt!
And your supporters are marching against Nazis that don't exist
Thank you @SenSanders. These are the kinds of tweets I like coming from American leadership.
2 days ago House Democrats were saying Trump was using the storm to cover up his politics.  Today we are all Americans?
#wayToGo #neverLetACrisisGoToWaste #communistManifesto
What's the weather like in camp David
Yes sir, all our resources including military assistance. A terrible time for our country. Hope our president realizes the urgency.
Also reminds us of climate change. It's not a hoax. Not at all!
Nothing to do!! By law of life there will be changes!! Look yourself in a mirror ask how many changes you see? By nature!!!!
Get your mitts away from my wallet, comrade
Political hyperbole in the face of disaster. We need a lot more #Wise #Action & #Human #Compassion & less #Governmental #Appropriation.
You have shown that you hate first responders. Need them now, huh?
I'm surprised your not blaming Trump for sending Hurricane Harvey to Texas Mr Bernie.
We need a president who can follow through with American values and not change topics as often as he changes his ties. #HurricaneHarvery
Great-great Grampa Bernie you should have been out to speak about this disaster before now!!!!
Love you, Bernie! Thank you for being genuine!!
You made $1.6 million last year,  why don't you give a few hundred thousand dollars?!!!!  @FoxNews
You might ask US Navy about LCAC hover craft for rescue. This will be much worse very soon. The should deploy to area now.
Shut up weirdo. Texas has it handled. go back into your safe space
The unborn, especially black, are the most at risk community on the planet.  I pray we can find similar resources to help them.
Tell that to Antifa.
Like one of your houses to hold those displaced?
That's the first thing that makes sense that's come out of your mouth in a long time

THREAD for #HurricaneHarvery #houstonflood info - contacts, addresses, safety, etc. Pls share & add as appropriate
https://twitter.com/45isDSMClusterB/status/901794830358953986 …
You mean the way Sen. Cruz screwed with aid to NY and NJ after Sandy? Now the hypocrite wants aid for Texas immediately.
By free association, without government involvement and it's use of force; aka socialism.
First thing you've said that wasn't bat  crazy... I approve this message.
Reminds "most" of us that were all Americans, some just say "good luck"
There is only one side here Donnie
Proud of u Bernie. Finally a straight, not divisive tweet. More please.
Texas voted many times to leave US
So break out your wallet.
Your right Bernie, waiting for Obama phone recipient, planned parenthood and legal defense funds give back into the kitty. Um still waiting
The rain doesn't discriminate - and neither should we. 
Herr Trump please take note.
Yes completely agree. All resources
Very true
@realDonaldTrump 's first words of support were were a pithy "good luck".  How inspiring. #ImpeachTrump
And the credit goes to ......President Trump!
I'll bet not one democrat politicians will go down to help flood victims like trump has done. To bring supplies and food and water.
GET YOUR FOLLOWERS, i.e. RUFFALO TO HELP THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS.THEY NEED HELP NOT POLITICS!!DO SOMETHING WITH BIG MOUTH TO HELP THESE PEOPLE!!
You just included Nazis, ethnic supremists, BLM and Antifa as Americans. How dare you? RACIST.
In seriousness, don't you think Trump is acting exactly so? (Not a day for point scoring, which I've done with you in the past)
Too bad you didn't use all your resources to stop @realdonaldtrump #ImpeachTrump #Resistance
Thank God Bernie lost!
YES IT IS ABOUT TIME YOU PUT THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS IN THE FOREFRONT AS AT THIS TIME THEY ARE LOSING EVERYTHING! AND YOU FOCUS ON A MARCH TO DC
Are U speaking realistically, metaphorically, or spiritually, Bernie. I doubt the racists would agree, including 45, et. al.
How long before you shitheads say Trump caused the storm?
Well the black community is in trouble we need all the resources to help
No shit.  Check out DJT response.  I see you neglected to praise that 
What a bunch of asshat Bernie supporters.
Bernie this is the first logical thing I've ever heard you say.
Bernie you Liberal Losing Hypocrite  
I DONT NEED A DISASTER TO REMIND ME IM AN AMERICAN. Seems you do.
Run for president again.
Thank you from Texas
