USSA is partnering with Sen. Bernie Sanders and Our Revolution to fight for free higher ed. Tune in at 7 pm EDT http://ourrev.us/college-for-all  
That makes me laugh when his wife is charged with fraud with taking money from a college.
Thats what your really good at stick to what you know   Letting your followers down ?  Or like Hillary blame everyone but yourself ?
If you want to look at a successful state just one look at the One Party State of California will make re think ... What a Train Wreck!
What can be done for students who have already graduated an d are buried under so much debt that they can hardly survive?
Why pay 100k at NYU when you can pay 15k at MSU?
Stupid organizing.  
USA needs machinists, plumbers, carpenters, etc., 
more than college graduates, 
make America great again.
Stop spreading talking points and lies! Nothing is free! You want to change tuition to taxes. Pretty sure we all pay taxes! Taxes =not free
When people find out that they can vote themselves free things, the Government will go bankrupt, and fall. Socialism does not work, Bernie!
Make sure u tell them Bernie both u and the dems have out source jobs to the extent that higher education with no jobs doesn't work either
sounds great, who and how is going to get paid
This is nothing more than another socialist tax on American's in the making. Free college my ass...
Don't you mean free college for illegals aliens and everybody but poor whites?
Idiot - should be college for ‘Some’ if you have a job you pay and pay extra taxes to fund the Free shit for everyone else. Term Limits!!!!!
"The best means of forming a manly, virtuous, and happy people will be found in the right education of youth. Without this foundation, every other means, in my opinion, must fail." 
George Washington, 1st President
#BERNIE2020 #WakeUpAmerica #EducationRevolution
And you can't count gov jobs as job creation  real jobs for real people  somethg you can't even begin to speak on  Bernie the quitter
People are dying Bern. Focus for a second.
Are professors doing it for free now? Bernie put a end to usury if you truly are the poor man's champion.  #fraud
We have a generation of whining children demanding free college. Bernie is a loser who lives off of tax payers
Are you paying for this or just looking for more attaboys? Term limits!
That’s wonderful for our future students, but what about those of us oppressed by hundreds of thousands of dollars in student debt now?
What about me? Where's my free stuff? Give me something!! someone  pay my debts! Everybody needs to earn and pay their own way through life!
Nothing like getting something gave to you (earned by someone else) - must be nothing gained or learned by earning you own way in life!!
Great. People who don't pay taxes want to increase taxes to pay for libtard indoctrination.
#Aim for #your #kids  to #graduate #without any #studentLoan #debts or #move to #Germany where #they will #get U a #freecollegeeducation.
Woohoo indoctrination for all
The reason education is so expensive is because we have promised to pay with government loans the tuition no matter what they charge.

Dem donkey clowns:
https://grrrgraphics.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/jackass-clowns-ben-garrison-cartoon-1024x693.jpg …
Pandering to the lowest common denominator is the sign of a lack of leadership and vision. Free doesn’t mean freedom
Conservatives are not welcome at colleges bernie! #payforyourownshit
These socialist are to stupid to under that nothing in life is "free".
The library is already free, what about this?
I’m sure Antifa was there to protest this... right?  Anybody?
Stop preying on our youth!
Together we can raise a future generation of freeloaders like Bernie!!

@SenSanders unofficial leader of antifa
There should be a minimum standard.  Most college students are not up to the work.
@SenSanders @DrJillStein 
WikiLEAKS - Podesta Email
Bernie Stein Campaigns WERE FRAUD
Funded by Soros Clinton
To GIVE CLINTON AN ADVANTAGE







College is already available for all. You just have to pay for it like everything else in life
How about talking to the people who have to pay for it? Oh, of course they aren't going to vote for you.
Are you going to sell oner of the vacation homes to pay for everybody else's college cuz I ain't paying for shit.
I hope he’s paying.
Thanks Bernie. We all see how hard you're working!
Bernie is a joke nothing is free!
You are seriously misinformed &/or uneducated. This isn’t about “free”.  And it’s not a joke.
Who is going to pay for it!  Someone has to pay for it!  Get a grip!
Again- it’s NOT “free stuff”.
Yeah someone is paying for itHelloI. I don't want a socialist involved in anything that has to do with this country!  What is the cost?
You seriously don't get it. And Sanders is not a socialist. Go read something.
Bye.
You need to read something!  He wants to redistribute wealth with other people's money! He hates the rich! He is not a capitalist!

Never seen a man so charitable with other peoples money.  Go away.
hopefully U registered all the students to vote! Encourage them to vote straight blue if they are allies w/ POC.
So..you want healthcare for all....college for all...next its homes for all...cars for all...then we get to live in Venezuela.
No,u get to live in a country like Sweden,Norway,Germany,Denmark. See them bankrupt? One for all-all for one,not complicated 2 understand.
everything should be free, why work when Bernie will pay?
Yep now go out and figure how to pay for it without taking my $$
WONDERFUL. YOU get brains filled with MUSH, indoctrinated by left wing socialist, to suport FREE COLLEGE. WaiT TIL THEY GET BILL FOR THAT.
To what end though?  Are we going to make Colleges into second high schools?
The funny part is college is garbage and not worth anything anymore
Trade school is where it's at
I paid for my college degree years ago can I  get a refund
Good idea but, day late dollar short! Why go to school when u can just upload ur education? #neuralink
Hey Bernie when do I get to see your work resume?
They can’t find jobs for the collage grads now. Your pushing more unemployment. Learn a trade. Joint the military.
Bernies lost his mind & will never be able to retrieve it!
But Trump and his billionaire gangster friends are not going to like that. They got money and GREED calls for more. Now they can steal it. $
Nothing is free!  I'm glad you want socialist Bernie to help pay for your education!  Where is he going to get the money?
What do you think 0 tuition will do to the price of books, boarding, and other costs?
Until we get money out of our elections we will have no justice for the people!<<<
Thanks Liz!
Education Healthcare or Public Servants should not be for sale.
They should be funded by mutual agreement & participation.
Current students, parents and even retirees have somethings in common - OUTRAGEOUS #STUDENTDEBT
Yea, and outrageous income taxes and property taxes and sales taxes and licenses and fees..
Every has the right to further their education. But that does not mean the government should pay for it. Come on, Bern, it’s like you’ve never read the constitution.
This. Is  mostly  beacause of your inspiration senator
Over 80K names in support of @SenSanders #CollegeForAll Act. Help us reach our next goal! Sign then retweet: https://goo.gl/lkC0HO 
What if someone doesn't want to go to college? They have to pay for yours?
If it is free, no one will value it and diploma worth nothing since an idiot will have one
I am not a fan of college for everyone. It just not for everyone and waste of money. We need a system that allow elite to excel and lead.
College for all will make us hard working citizens pay more taxes for spoiled brats who trash our Universities, and burn our flag.
Hey Bernie everyone can go to college, just like everyone can have a hamburger, just have to pay for it. Oh wait that's so unfair.
Bernie: totally agree but there r much more pressing issues (like pending www3) to get a dander up about #impeach #25
College should be for everyone. Shouldn’t just be for the wealthy!
Oh, are you in favor of a caste system?
Are you referring to the case system employed by the Hindus?
#BreadLineBernie to the rescue!! No one will pay for anything!! Only idiots follow this sad excuse of a politician..
I've seen what college does to the adolescent brain.... I'd rather have tax payers give away Crystal Meth!!!!
Commie
I would hate to pay the taxes to cover this but will in order to educate the public
First-it ain't free morons. Second- U reduce the value of a 4 yr degree. You'll need a bachelors to work at McD's. How much would a   cost
Then they’ll be protesting for the minimum income that will pay living expenses of deadbeat students who won’t work while in college.
Hey Bernie, when u show us ur Tax returns btwn 2009-2014 & when u explains how R we gng 2 pay 4 all these free, then I listen 2 u again
Why wouldn’t students fight for free college. Nothing in life if free. If it’s free it has zero value and you know someone does pay for it.
If this happens, what affect does it have on those who owe on prior student loans?
The problem with socialism is you eventually run out of other people's money. #unaffordable #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder  #You'reCrazy
It's sad to see our college students are this stupid following idiots. I weep for our country when they realize money does not grow on trees
So who pays for it then?

Exactly
The most healthy growth is #education
we have shortage in vocational jobs. Where's money coming from? Clinton's? Obamas? Taxpayers? Third times a charm.
Sorry Bernie I'd rather pay for my own college than everyone else's for the rest of my life
Hr 2366!!! Restore bankruptcy protections to private and federal student debt!!!
How about not going into debt? Jr college, apprenticeship, etc. vocational jobs need people
Oh gee thanks for telling me ..... fact 44+ million with student debt 28 million in default, delinquent or forebearance 66% can't pay
But if you are DACA, you get to go free!  No debt.  Are you illegal?
Thank you senator for still fighting for American people.
One of your supporters already shot a congressman, do you really want to use the word fight. Gathering up your brown shirts are you
Yes! Educated ppl earn more, pay more taxes! Hire more ppl! Contribute more to their college, their community...
Did you read Milton Freeman? Free college woldbe paid by working class who start to work and pay tax at 18 and live shorter to get benefits
I agree with senator sanders
SENA.STRESS SUCH AS LOANS LEADS TO HEALTH ISSUES AS WELL AS PSYCHOLOGICAL DISORDERS !IT IS A CYCLE THAT NEEDS TO BE BROKEN AND DEALTH WITH!
Education isn't FREE. Somebody pays for it. In my case I paid for my own & my childrens. Want an education?EARN IT
STOP ENTITLEMENT IDEOLOGY
SENATOR FREE COLLEGE IS A GOOD START! MANY WILL NOT HAVE BURDEN OF LOANS IN EARLY LIFE! THEY CAN LIVE LIFE BURDEN FREE!
If we had more than 40% of our workforce actually paying income tax, this MIGHT be possible.  Why don't you try to get people working?
Still not free. Quit believing the lie
College isn’t for everyone, Bernie.
in the last 20 years the cost of college has increased 150-230% while inflation has been around 50%. Why don't you do something about that?
Need to restore bankruptcy protections hr 2366 good bill in house... join us http://www.studentloanjustice.org 
Free...Free Marxism Equality of Entitlements is ruining value of self responsibility,self worthy working ethics  sanders, destroy youth
If sanders is good for , should rally for value= Equality of opportunity! Get ride of affirmative action, most racist policy

@SenSanders you're a good man, Mr. Sanders




$5,000,000,000,000 spent on war since 9/11...

They’re not fighting for free education, they’re fighting to force others’ to pay for their education. At least be honest.
Free coffee free doughnuts, free college, get you free shit right here.
No ! work for it this is not free pass
Education you want to complete. Without it, life is not very sweet.
free world in free mind 
#supportkurdistan
#kurdistanblockade
The idea of college for all and taxpayer backed loans are two reasons why tuition costs have skyrocketed you old hippie.


If only...
Let's stop jacking up college tuition by subsidizing it. Get scholarships from private organizations or pay yourself.
American colllege=cesspool of fornication ברוך יהוה מסמרי ש
Can anyone say animal house?
How about bringing some of those College for All plans to Maryland? Just a thought.
How about going back to Africa so I can go to sleep. -אמן
#supportkurdistan 
#kurdistanblockade
we did 
we voted for liberty ,humanity,freedom  , future ...
we want to live in an independent country
I support kurds way more than I support Palestinians
Thanks for supporting #kurdistan
How about houses for all, I mean you have three.
FREE for all.  Communist Sanders at it again
RUN IN 2020
I love you Bernie!! 

MIKE PENCE AND FAKE NEWS CNN 
