That is their money. It has already been taxed.
That is a selfish and thoughtless remark.
Take some time to reflect on the consequences to your country and countrymen.
45% of the country doesn't pay a dime in income taxes. I'm sure you'll agree with me that they are selfish too?
Because they are successful! You can’t lower taxes on people who don’t pay tax!
Tax plan will only benefit the rich. Screwed yet again. Bring back Obama!
Saddest thing is that at least half of Trump's fan base STILL believe this "trickles down" to them. Never ending scam.
Even the Reagan advisers who first proposed trickle-down say it doesn't work
Stockman admitted it was bullshit to bring down rates on the rich. After the fact, of course.
True. And not just him, other Reagan economic advisers have said the same. We can also believe our eyes. Every time it's tried, it fails.
What is your point? They earned that money, already paid taxes on it, it's theirs to give to whomever they choose. Why should govt get it?
And it will allow Farmers/Ranchers to leave their land to families who can't afford the #EstateTax today on the land value
Not how estate tax works. They only pay 40% on whatever exceeds $5.5 million. If they have $5.5 mil, they can afford 40% on anything more.
What do you mean they can "afford 40% more?" Explain why the Govt is entitled to a citizen's already taxed money simply because they died?
2: Government needs revenue. Country has a vested interest in the population actually working, not living off of family $$. Problems solved.
It's still private citizens' money. It's none of your damn business what they do with it.
No, it actually is, as we all live in a civil society. If you want to keep all your money for yourself, go somewhere like Somalia.
You are obviously a Socialist, why don't you go live in Venezuela?
Now that’s draining the swamp and taking care of middle America. I would call it sexual assault people. Wake up
they think we should work to earn our way, until it comes to the estate tax, why shouldn't rich kids have to earn their way?
That is the price of living in capitalist democracy! Utter rip off of everyone else except the rich!
You mean 25 out 25 of his cabinet members will benefit from the tax bill as will half the GOP. WE WILL BE CRUSHED BY CORPORATE UNAMERICA.
bunch of hypocrites capitalist
#draintheswamp ... isn’t that what they voted for?
&they all get free ridesNour airplanes  but who’s worrying.i don’t like to fly. congress gets paid a salary&nra pays4 votes. moochers all
why do u worry about Trump cabinet   worry about yourself   I suggest all will be ok if you commit suicide immediately
and just about every Democrat senator will also benefit.

@SenSanders we would all benefit from a tax cut, not just rich people like Bernie.  I actually work for my money.
Likely a bot
Ok.  Is that your standard answer because you can’t think for yourself?
Purpose of #EstateTax on estate over 10.8 million is to prevent a few  families from massing disproportionate share of USA wealth...
Absolutely true
It's all about the wealthy profiting from Trump's changes and middle class and poor get nothing. He is taking away subsidies 2 give 2 rich
This Cana. gal ought 2 thank Trudeau for such a thoughtless tweet. Her facts aren't facts at all but coming from progressive Canada I get it
Hope you enjoy your subsidy cuts or if not that then you're extra loopholes were you benefit and take away from the poor this is disgusting
The good news is they don't benefit till they're dead
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump     yep!
So what Obama tanked USA 20 trillion dollars on us taxpayers! Obama was on vacation most of 8 years
WTF
The whole idea of @realDonaldTrump's #Plutocracy. #TrumpVoters, you got conned. This is what you get.
Greed will destroy our country
I will benefit too. I will potentially be able to keep 5% more of my money. Not your money but mine.
No tax cut for the super rich. Use their tax money to enhance health care
Shame!
Does this surprise you 
Lol so will most democrats..give me a break
Yea and so will the American people #liberals
"Figures"
it's their money..by the way-Bill Gates set up a foundation to avoid estate tax & Warren Buffett is leaving his estate to Gates Foundation
Gee, I won’t get that much back. I may need to pay more so his cabinet can get richer and kill us quicker. It’s all about them.
How many Dems, shill?
So what??? If all you want to pay more taxes nothing says u can't give Uncle Sam as much $ as u can stand. He WILL NOT turn it down.
So taxing someone and taking their money when they are dead is civilized?  This is why you #Liberals will lose at every turn
And this matters why? The government stealing less of their money is a bad thing.
So?
THATS A LIE!! TAX REORM HASNT EVEN BEEN WRITTEN GREEDY SWAMP DWELLERS LIE TO CYA
#allinthefamily
saying stuff like this is like looking out of the window of your jail cell & hating on people who are free
And many other million US citizens will benefit too. What’s your problem?
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
RT
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
RT
Who knew they had such wealthy parents!
Of course they would. The swamp is more full than ever!
Get the facts straight everyone will benefit from the estate tax cut

Hmm... 
http://l.prageru.com/29P4qVg  
And we know how well people turn out when they grow up spoiled and never have to make a living since it's all handed to them
The estate tax effects .01% of estates! Shows the Dems only care about taxing! Ending the death tax would NOT change America for the worse!
The Estate Tax, or taxes that are paid if I gift money to my children aren't fair! I've already paid taxes on my income. Why twice?
Of course - wake up trump followers
When #Trump specifically said he doesn't benefit during his tax cut announcement, folks should have realized the jig was up!!!
Govt. Of by & for the super rich.
You are burning yourself in hate! This is hell right here for you!!
Funny jokeb
You mean keeping your own money is now a benefit. That’s definitely how the left thinks
Our Gov't wastes too much of our tax dollars on armaments and war spending. The infra structure to include the educational system is lacking
2) Top 1%, those earning $430,930 and above pay over 39% of total income tax revenues. This is about 892,000 Americans.
1) Top 10% earning over $138,031 pay 70% of total tax revenue, about 1.7 million Americans. Less than 1% of the population.
That’s great news people should not have to pay death duties it’s immoral
That's called double taxation and is illegal in the United states
And guess who will pay for our government's budget shortfall?
The bandits are in town
Wait wait wait. So not all of them? I thought this was supposed to benefit ALL Americans.
This isn't sounding the alarm, this is sounding alarmist.

Suggest actions with your words, otherwise all you do add fuel to the fire.
You are so right Trump will do good by his RICH FRIENDS and his own family middle-class will be hurt
Of course. That is the whole reason why he is president. To pay up his debts.
Good, can I pay less taxes too?
It's called "friends and family" tariff...in the small print of western democracy.. you didn't  believe any of elected gives a shit??
No! Absolutely not ok. So many of us live payday to payday. Why? When do we get a break? Low and Middle class can not get a break!
24 out of 24 will benefit.... along with everybody else
and ALL middle class will benefit...why do you ALWAYS leave that part out?!!
How many millions in unpaid taxes do democrats owe ?

                               Validate your 2nd Amendment Rights ... Carry
Help me get a better tax plan to them!
https://twitter.com/CZLumen/status/920884113040580610 …
It's affordable, pays for the deficit and is fair
Tax reform
Cost of operation/ living + 20k = 0 taxes
20 - 220 = 20% top 40k in taxes
220 - 420 = 40%…
You made this up. No proof
We’re not gonna do it because 13 people of tens of millions will also benefit?
That's their goal
When the people making the rules have all the $, legislation will favor the privileged. Let's stop rigging the system. #CitizensUnited
so?  It's not yours.
Of course they will.  Our government is absolutely  corrupt. From the top all the way to the bottom.  Criminals run our country.
$1.5B could provide healthcare for a lot of people.
How many in the Senate?
That could fund Bernies medicare system for 4 hours
That turns out to be ~$115 million/plutocratic cabinet officer.
Well that explains it all. We regular folk know where we stand. How much more of this madness is there
And every farmer across this country, which is far more than 13 #CNNDebateNight
https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/frequently-asked-questions-on-estate-taxes …

Only if the estates are valued above $5.49 million
That would be any medium to large farm!
It would depend on how the estate is assessed at fair market value.  That can actually be complicated.
"fair"
Not true. Very rich people use lawyers to put their estate in living trusts.
Obama will benefit too whats your point?
Doesn't matter, nobody should be taxed twice.
You either lost your brain or rented some of it! So Trump is doing this tax cut only for his own and 13 other cabinet members, ha? Funny!
And?
im not entitled to their money. Whats your point?
How about you fix your own country before having the audacity to comment on our affairs...
Estate tax should be eliminated anyway, period, it helps everyone, not just some billionaires
How will THEY benefit? Perhaps their heirs,certainly not them!
Why does the state have any further claim on private property on which taxes all along the way of acquisition,maintenance were payed for?
Of course.
Holy shit!
Is anyone really surprised?
How will they benefit?  They'll be dead.
Outrageous theft of public money basically
They will be dead...their family members will get to keep the money  they worked for
I don't think so. When they "benefit" they will be dead.
Should not be an estate tax since taxes have already been paid on that money. That's like paying twice
They work only as private, not public servants.
That is the weakest arguement i have ever heard. It will benefit some, therefore it can't benefit all??
They live in a bubble and need waking up.
Among them
Welfare errs counting incorrectly©™® IPO jewelry isn't it a cross  T t see t
Makes no sense to tax same income twice.  Taxes were already paid on anything in the estate.
So a majority of no votes on the 25th?
Jesus! And who makes up that shortfall..,
Surprise, surprise. Well, it's probably just a coincidence.
Cultural Marxism has only two classes the poor & the wealthy . Capitalism with real rules is the best system for humanity period.
Thats fine, as long as everybody else gets a tax cut. Look at the @ClintonFdn "charity" fund.
We all know his bid for presidency was to enhance his flagging fortunes
All a big con to make the rich richer. Do something for the common ppl.
I’m not sure whether I feel insulted as an American, or astonished at how ballsy this administration is.
Be astonished at how ballsy they are! This administration is a nightmare. Could we have 1 day without trump bullying someone? Embarrassment!
But they're poor.... that's what orange Ted just said. 
Poor in spirit.
Poor baby's
UZA UZA UZA
Cos without these tax cuts industry will not come back to America .Yes in a capitalist economy people should be wealthy & be able to KEEP IT
We have to give alittle to get alot. I dare any liberal  against tax cuts to go to Detroit MI to tell those children why they cant have jobs
Re-taxing already taxed money is anti-American.  It's also theft.
Yes! because they need tax cuts to to #MAGA ..Time for a real economic program with long overdue tax cuts for Americans it makes good sense
Speaking of benefits:
And bribed the Clinton Foundation $145,000,000 to get access to our URANIUM in 2010--while Mueller was FBI Director! #CNNDebateNight https://twitter.com/DrewGriffinCNN/status/920760207432736769 …
10% of people pay 70% of taxes. It seems obvious they would benefit the most when taxes are cut.
#WhatConflictOfInterest
#TaxationIsTheft
Watching the Cruz v. Sanders debate on CNN. Sanders is killing Cruz with facts!  It is beautiful to behold.
Yeah, he's looking out for his buddies.
@SenSanders exactly what he promised his voters, no surprise here
It's their money, not yours
TRMP RUSSIA BOT ALERT Reported
Are they the former Koch employees?
So your point is if their family made the money and the government has already taxed it then it should not be touched it is stealing
Can you maybe stop being greedy and demanding they pay that ridiculously huge sum for Washington to waste?  They'll appreciate it I'm sure.
So wait - you're saying 13 of the 24 Trump cabinet members are currently paying more than $1.5 billion?

That's awesome of them; thanks.
Good maybe they'll buy a yacht and we could get the economy going even stronger
That is nonsense. Most rich people who can afford to pay a tax lawyer have set up generation skipping trusts which will negate any tax due,
So? Homeowners like myself benefit as well and I'm not rich
The estate tax only occurs on estates worth over 5.49 Million. Most Americans will never have to worry about the Estate tax.
Are you talking about NYC’s Mansion Tax? They aren’t related.
Here’s detailed info on the Estate Tax.
Well I’ve looked it up and I can’t find anything to substantiate your claim. May I ask where you got this information?
So just because a few rich people make a little more money means I should throw my tax break away? Schmuck
ALL 24 cabinet members already been benefiting themselves in LAVISH TRAVEL EXPENSES ON TAXPAYERS DIME! NO MORE STEALING FROM US
That estate tax cut will help many ppl. Its double taxation! Many farmers can now leave the farm to their kids.
You’re delusional
Sez the egg. Now go away
Well, that's the exact number he needs to stay happy to avoid the 25th Amendment...
So?! What do you want him to do check with every executive branch employee to make sure it doesn’t help them before passing bill? Are they not equal, too? Do you see how ridiculous this is? DemocRATS have so many #usefulidiots 
What a straw man argument! Good God!
Pretty sure the Cabinet or President do not vote on the tax reform. Congress does. So don't see how that's relevant.
Fucking.MAGA
#MAGATS
Why should heirs pay taxes on income that has already been taxed or on prop transfer that will be taxed upon sale? Serious question.
It was not their income until they inherited it. Then it became their income and became taxable
Assets are NOT income.
True, assets are not income but are treated as income when calculating estate tax. That just doesn't seem fair.
I agreed. My parents had a small business may passed away we couldnt afford to pay the  estate tax
They already benefited because when you are a cabinet member certain perks come in. Congressional ppl have perks like insider trading

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
Ok...your mad they own a business and u dont..u dont get a tax cut..lol
Troll much?
