Bernie for President 
Bernie for President 
Bernie for President 
Bernie for President 
Bernie for President 
Bernie for President
NEVER!!!!!
Trump will be President next 8 years but that was funny...
Im sorry i thought i saw an 8 when there should have been a 4
You must of forgot about Trump's re-elected presidency that will be coming up in 2020
Half of the dipshits that voted for #Trump won't see 2020 because guess what they'll have no health insurance. Can't fix stupid.
2) I pay 680 month and still have 6500 deductible and since surgery cost less then that I fit whole bill!!!
Fuck you and Obamacare
Maybe you should get a job that has insurance instead of bitching about how government health care doesn't satisfy your needs.
Bet you get free care tho 
Bernie you are evil
Why do you want to make Americans poor?
You are no @realDonaldTrump
Trump cares about Americans and doesn't want them to be poor
MAGA

#DRAINTHESWAMP #AmericaFirst
Why are you commenting? YOUR NOT AN AMERICAN!
Fake News!
I'm just going to leave this here...
Classic Nazi Propaganda meme. Military, police, healthcare, firefighters, schools, all examples of socialism. Bad stuff huh?
Why don't you use the same health care you jammed down our throats! And I'm paying for your ass! I don't work for you asshole!
If you think I can pick my own doctor or keep my doctor like they told us and what our Congressmen and Senators do You are sadly mistaken
Let's keep Obamacare and see what happens...... More voters coming our way. See you in 2018.
Yes.... I know.... working for yourself and your family is just too stressful #snowflake
Man it really sucks to be you Bernie. Whoever handles this account does he talk so negatively about his breakfast? He seems absolutely miserable.
It's not a health bill it's a death bill.
@BBCNewsnight Kirsty:Youtube "3things u shouldknow about Islam",exmuslims,BrigitteGabriel;Sharia=political=anti-dem'y/"Sharia=crime=illegal"
says a guy who sold out to Hillary for a beach house.
Such a joke. Hate to think what those for Trump sold out for.
They fought the Establishments till the end. Unlike Bernie who was cheated and later bribed
Till the end is right,hopefully it's not the end of America, trump is not making America great, he's made us a laughing stock! Hasn't a clue
and apparently either do you.
I am glad to see you calling the Republican Party out on the low down way they are treating the American people thank you
Can you read to me straight from the bill where it gives billionaires a tax break?
It The Orange Skull and his HYDRA Administration who are pushing there HYDRA CARE what only protects the wealthy not the poor

I guess America forgot how crazy the country was so they allowed them to run our country again.
Your killing of Sen. Percy's Daughter is well documented and needs no conjecture....

Your Weather Underground Days must have been epic.

Hmmm. Not only did they betray us but they also allow people to "leak" our personal info. Republicans. SMH
It is a disgrace. Call your senators people! Stop this from happening!
We don't need the senate, us people can override the bill!
Change the Medicare age from 65 to 62 get older Americans off private insurance then remove or  increase ceiling for Medicare tax.
This is what happens when you allow the Oligarch Plutocrats to run the Country
Anything less than Medicare for all is a disgrace. THAT is why many people are not happy with the ACA.
The left tries to dehumanize individuals who disagree with them politically
Call it a Wealthcare Bill
And Trump is the Wealthcare POTUS. The GOP hate any policy Jesus would endorse, they are Christian FRAUDS. What they do unto Sanders...
Is not Obama care still in place?  How's that going?

Justice for Seth Rich .This is the petition link if you haven't signed yet please retweet https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/868619692067479552 …
Thank you B Sanders for looking out for little guy.  DT is about give top 2% tax break and kill Mid C & the poor.
Catastrophic and too criminal for our country.Saddest fact is Trump voters don't see this as PLAQUE.They wl B VICTIMS!
@BBCNewsnight "Sharia=political subjugatn/controlbyFear-Viol=illegal">pplChoosPracticSharia= relo2islamCountry;nonShariaSpiritualFaith~Dem'y
WHY HAVE YOU NOT PUSHED FOR UKNHS BUILD/RUN USNHS FOR BASIC ESSENTIAL CARE? Visit UKNHS100yrs expertise good care4all free at srvc/tax%pays
Ok Bernie leave Obama care in place let's watch what happens keep standing by it please do let's watch together
By pushing for Progressive Agenda reducing Nuclear Weapons, debt free colleges, Medicare for all, Infrastructure, we make Trump 1 Term

'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
Yes!!! Finally a Republican has the balls to tell the truth!!!!!
And you democrats shoved Obamas health care down America's  throats
Super neutral comment here, dont want to be attacked by looneybins
I  must  agree   with  this   Trump  is  going  down  the  wrong  road  for sure
TERM LIMITS FOR SENATORS FLAT TAXES
Senator why is it that if its a democratic bill its bad based on the republican agenda  We are all americans lets work as that not divided
Bernie,  you go Dude! Keep up the fight.  We've got to beat these bastards at their own game
@SenSanders senThank you Sir for putting children first. Amazing to me that any American would suport this bill.  Shameful
I call it the "Citizen Killing Bill".
Hope his supporters learn from their mistake
Maybe the next President senator sanders
Not what is a god grace is Obamacare and you democrats.

@PeterRoskam you may want to listen to Bernie and learn.
TRUMPGATE! IMPEACH him!
Should things get too much for the American people, buy an airplane ticket to Sweden and come live here until Orange 45 is out of the WH!
The man who should be president.
Great talk mam
Republicans have always looked put for the wealthy calling it trickle down which is a farce and you people who have fell for donthecon WTFU
In other words, please do not call this a healthcare bill. This is a pile of .
So do something Bernie.

A more suitable name would be the anti life equation, but they would get sued by DC Comics.

Nationwide Die-In happening on June 4th. Visit http://www.dying4care.com  #Dying4Care #Resist #notrumpcare #saveaca #CBOSCORE
@dallas247365 @SpeakerRyan Ryan, your failure is complete.
It's the "let them eat cake and die" plan. The people who support this will be doing more damage than ISIS.
Bernie, how right can anyone be ???
you tell em Bernie!!!
We need you as our president
Love you Bernie
It is NOT Trumpcare it is TrumpSCARE - cruel - inhumane, the list goes on.  Get crook DT out of office Congress - NOW before nothing is left
Elitist
Bernie is a disgrace
My guy
I love this man, what the hell were you thinking America?
Lower & middle America did and STILL does think highly of #BernieSanders .....CORPORATE America does not!!
It's just such a shame the republicans put the wrong candidate up
Thank you for calling it like it is
To paraphrase Rep. Grayson,  the GOP  bill can be reduced to "get sick and die" It should be called the Republican Death Panel bill
Oh my god - i'm glad that i'm a dane, in a country with high taxes and free healthcare, free schools and help to the poorest.
This is only health care if you can afford it..nothing more..not a bill at all
This is a bill to help 1%, dressed up like a "health care" bill
How is it that you are the most concerned for the American people and yet did not get the presidency?
It's a "Wealthcare" bill
It is a health reduction plan
Health Careless Bill
You tell them Bernie, and make sure that the right people hear you!
Yes , we need more politicians watching out for American and our health care policies Thank you Mr Sanders
Give 'em hell Bernie!! 
Bernie YOU are injuring the USA and part of this horrific smear campaign of PRES Trump. You have lost my respect ..but it doesn't matter.
you mean Obamacare right?
ANYONE with integrity can not stand by while the injustice of taking millions off of health insurance coverage is in threat.
It's not a healthcare bill, it's a #DeathCare Bill and Sanders helped put this regime in power.
Thank you Berne 4 exposing the facts. Millions and billions in tax breaks 4 insurance & big pharma and $200 billion for the 2%. Disgraceful
Where's the  for #SinglePayer Bernie? All your effort defending the UNAFFORDABLE ACA should go towards HR-676. Join the #GreenRevolution
We  loveee you Senator Sandlers.....sighssss......you should of been president...Thank you for all you do
Dear @SenSanders health care takes place with doctors and nurses I really wish politicians would refer to it as Health Finance without care.
This is a "healthcare bill" to the same degree that my wife's marriage to me was a promise of monogamy...
Sit Down and shut up. You lost what little credibility toy had when you caved to Hillary on Super-delegates. Don't go away mad...
TOTALLY AGREE!
Same old tired BS socialist propaganda....yawn....
This bill should be called "Make America Gag Again" ...
Ryan is selling insurance not healthcare and tax breaks for the top 1% who own the insurance companies.  Reduce costs no insurance co.s.
DROP DEAD, FANTASY LAND BRAINWASHED WHACK JOB!
Regardless of anyone's feeling about Bernie. You have to agree, he's RIGHT on this! GOP push a KILLER Healthcare Bill BRAZENLY! No boundary?
i dnt care i just dnt wont 2 b forced to pay for somethin i dont really need
More dishonest news
I think "I Don't Care" bill captures the essence of this bill perfectly
Well said Bernie the U.K. Government is trying to go America's way and we are fighting it here
Senator, please make lifetime limits a talking point. The caps haven't been adjusted in years, and the Reps want to lower them.
Bernie should have been in the White House.
Why are you still supporting the DP when they proved they don't want SinglePayer??????!
Thank you @SenSanders !  I need Medicaid for the first time at 51! Can't afford the 20% of Medicare for back surgery!  Thanks for fighting!
Bern you're referring to the existing Obamacare disaster and it's progressive thrive of continuous nightmare. You people are a disgrace.
Pod Save America calls it "WealthCare". Works for me!
Thank you

The horrors of the Trump/GOP. Keep the regular people dreams down. Easy to manipulate uneducated people. Straight from slavery days.
Go Bernie tell them.
I know so many stupid people on food stamps and Medicaid who voted for Trump AND still support him... may be they need to die off first.
Still waiting for your #MedicareForAll bill promised around March. Thanks.
Obamacare did exactly what you said this bill would do! You really are an Anti-American communist!
Yes Bernie you are can't believe we pay you to be a ramble rouser
Just like naming something the affordable care act and passing it when it did the opposite.
Same shit different bill Bern... right? Thought so. Get new material
That's funny, most of America said the same thing about the ACA.
Call it 'The Kill Bill'!
Go to Venuzala.
Yup
How about a => 'Donny's Death Bill?'
DEATH SENTENCE MORE LIKE IT!
You arent suppose to govern on our health thats private and should remain away from the government hands.
So dramatic!
Please be part of a solution and stop being the problem. #wtf #omg
No bcoz As @Charenity says,it,s "Trumpnocare" health care Plan.
All mouth. NO Action.
In a parallel universe, this guy is currently President of the US and the world is a slightly nicer place.
It's a healthcare bill, in fact it's a better healthcare bill. 
Bernie...you are the disgrace to the principles of Americanism.  If you want to be socialist try Venezuela!
AMEN Bernie!  This legislation makes me cry.  Why? Why is this happening?
If ACHA isn't a healthcare bill, then ACA wasn't either?
This is a hate bill
Bernie please stop lying to weak minded commies about the nonexistent health care that we didn't have under the collapsing Obamacare.
Please Mr. Trump.  Don't repeal and replace Obumacare.   Let it FAIL.   Let Sanders live with this failing policy of the dems.
Like you taking money from Hillary to roll over for her to run against Trump. Like your new house?  That's a disgrace
Caring people accepted Obama putting Monsanto's Michael Taylor in the FDA... How does that square with any kind of health care?
Which of your 4 houses will you using to celebrate memorial day?
What IS a disgrace is you trying to create government dependency so you can keep your party in power- your a fraud and hypocrite
The insurance industry probably has no business with healthcare; which should be the business of governments to ensure that all can have it.
The comments here are the most surprising attacking each other for what WE all need healthcare make happen fair not by giving breaks to 1%
Keep up the good work Bernie!  Thank you!
Death bill = Trumpcare
Oh Bernie! Why couldn't this universe have been the one where you were elected?
I imagine @theresa_may is watching this & taking notes for future NHS; "Hmm, $200bn tax breaks for wealthiest 2%, I like the sound of that!"
correct as there is no
health or care involved
more accurate description
super rich bonanza festival
YOU ARE RUNNING IN. 2020 or NOT ???
But don't worry, military spending is increasing so you may be ill but you'll be "safe"
This disgrace follows the GOP who couldn't b bothered 2 read it before they voted.Shameful!WHO held their hands 2 a fire?
It's GOP #Wealthcare
25 dollars a month from your pay checks, 25dollars a month from the company per employee; and America can have an amazing universal system.
Let's make major cuts in the congressional salary, medical benefits ,retirement etc. You do your job for the good of the country.Frees up $$
Remember ever since obamacare went into affect they said they had an alternative.   They never did and never will.
So ... a disgrace care bill ..? (Sorry, just random clowning.) | Hey, Bernie! 8^D
You're not entitled to free stuff @BernieSanders
Well said. I wish the same insight was being thrown on to the NHS's collapse so that UK voters do the right thing next month.

Fight the good fight, Bernie!
SURPRISED, WHY? WHAT DID WE THINK THEY MEANT TO DO? We get the Government we deserve. GEEZ, C'mon Guys, wake up!
Something better than Obamacare fiasco?!?
What's with Schumer! Looks like ol Bern won't turn over the podium to ol chuckles the clown!
Why is it our insurance costs double and covers less.Premiums11k a year deductible is 9000 a year.20k before we see a cent.Obama care sucks
And assaulting reporters because of the CBO report only goes to show the lengths to which the thugs / oligarchs are willing to go #Montana
Bernie why didnt you guys fix it when Obama was in office. Its imploding why dont you tell the trutg
Tell me how many millions pay for health insurance and can't afford to pay the deductible.
So can't go to the doctor
No he's not @donaldtrump he's our next president - always have been , always will be with @SenSanders
Thanks for continuing to fight for the people Bernie. Nurses stand with you across the nation. Healthcare 4 All.
call it #Trumpcare . he loves his name on shit
What can you do to impose price limits on the medical and pharma industries?  That's the health care reform we need.
Looked over the press release and all available details about Trump's budget proposal...just gotta say it, this man is a disgrace. He's lite
