Let's not forget the millions now that can't afford it, what about us????
Blame your insurance companies for price gouging your employers since they couldn't price gouge you
Blame Obama for making it a crime NOT to buy into gov't insurance.
It's not a crime. You don't go to jail for not having insurance.
You get fined, heavily.
What kind of "good system" fines you for not buying into it?
Well you people like to compare healthcare to car insurance so there you go.
Who said we like to compare car and healthcare,?
and 40 million no longer have theirs
Citation needed


Kaiser? really? apples and oranges. People don't have the coverage or quality of care from before the ACA

this is all inaccurate. even the CDC isn't this rosy.
I gave you the stats. You choose to ignore them. Not my problem.
It is not affordable.
It is for someone like me who works a full time job and still struggles to make ends meet.
Or in other words, my job sucks and I want you to pay for my insurance.
I pay taxes. Therefore I pay for my insurance. I don't get a tax return because of it. Try again.
Let's not forget that NO senators have Obamacare
Yeh. Put them on it and it gets repealed in record time.
That number is counting 19.5 million that were already on Medicaid and Medicare. So 500,000 people got new coverage!What a success! Liars
And I can definitely afford the insane insurance rates in Maryland. It's a joke
On my dime
Taxes have to increase an insane amount for everything Bernie proposes, money has to come from somewhere...
I think the answer is simple: 1. Legalize weed Nationwide. 2. Have all the profit & tax dollars go towards Free HealthCare for ALL
Well, that will cover maybe the state of New York. Universal Care will cost in the trillions yearly. Weed revenue is projected around 40bill
Is that nationwide 40Bill. Or each State? Because I bet it’d be a lot higher than that
Nationwide, estimated 40 Billion dollar a year industry.
That's not healthcare.
Just another vote buying s
That were forced to buy or pay a fine to the government. Even if they didn't want it in the first place.
I wish to God I wasn't forced by you socialists to buy health insurance. $1700 a month for my family is KILLING ME! PLEASE STOP "HELPING" ME
NOW lets take the next step - focus on  QUALITY not  quantity.  let me know and we can discuss in detail
And now I cannot afford mine, thank you
how abt hard working americans who had FTjobs employer provided health care and now work PT have no health insur can't afford
Actually it’s only 12million if you don’t figure in Medicaid expansion when the original bill was sold on caring for 30million.
You made it a crime if you didn't pay!
It's government sanctioned extortion.
Just like car insurance!
Why not fix the things that are broken. Raise the HSA limit to 10k then lower the company mandate to 250. Keep the rest everyone wins.
I agree, fix ACA, instead of repeal  and replace
That's a lie. Millons of people lost their insurance because of the unaffordable insurance act
I’m one of those 20 million. Thanks a ton!
Sure on the backs of working folks. Just another welfare program disguised as insurance. The Democratic Party just continues to buy votes!
Yet can not afford 2 pay deductible. It is useless except for ability to tell others they r covered. Was that worth breaking what we had?
Let's not forget they were forced to buy it whether or not they can continue to afford it.
Preach on, Bernie.  Obamacare got us on the right track towards universal health care.  That should be our end goal.
Yes, I'm 1 of them.  But millions still don't have health insurance, & "insurance" in the US doesn't even INSURE payment of bills
What RU socialist b/c JFK was not & he was a NATIONALIST. DEMS do not serve America or the ppl.
Lets not forget the democrats wanted themselves  exempted from the same healthcare that @SenSanders. Wanted the rest of us on
What about all the middle class that lost healthcare due to the not affordable care act. Do we have a voice?
Liar!
You guys are Conmen. It's the  unaffordable care act not the affordable care act
They want communism fucking left wing cock suckers
Get lost Bernie. This is not a socialist country.
I'm an American and I didn't get insurance and now I'm a criminal because I can't afford to file my taxes because of the tax penalty
Fuck Obamacare
that is completely worthless. I had the crappy bronze plan for a year. Over $900 a month, and covered NOTHING!!!
you mean you couldn't get a free mammogram? ;)
How bout the twenty mil who can't afford deductables or premiums bern?????
And ppl are being gouged through it ACA. Unsustainable. Deal with shady pricing.
30-40 mil. Lost theirs.over half that no. was Medicaid exp. to able-bodied people whether they work or not.
Yes you moron, because the fines they have to pay for not being able to afford Oblunder care will cost them  home, food and shoes!! Derrrr
YES but it's still a right wing healthcare plan that is slowly becoming more UNaffordable. Gotta be #SinglePayer
Better than the capitalist caste  system that the 'Pubs love.
Kind of like right now. Wake up. Ideological purity is killing us.
You need to read up - more than one source - on plantationism before you continue to throw the word around. Take care.
Plantationism is belief that elite know best and should rule.
Number is false. You forced us into a program we did not want to pay a fee we can not afford on insurance we can not afford. #stoplying
Except it's not false. Try again.
So premiums are not skyrocketing? Insurance carriers are not pulling out left and right?
Premiums are skyrocketing because our government is deliberately sabotaging the ACA.
Show me proof. They haven't touched Obamacare. It's imploding under it's own lies.
And 28 million Americans do not have health  insurance under the ACA
The ones who have to pay for theirs have 6500 deductibles.Is that fair in your socialist world? Get in your 100k corvette and keep lying!
Body scanner real camera cloth scanner prank 2017 is an entertainment app
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appgametechnologies.bodyscannerrealcameraclothscannerprank2017&hl=en …
And millions of Americans are paying for it with high premiums and high deductions
Because they were forced to by law...
And I am struggling to pay for them. Please sell your third house and pitch in #spareusofyourvirtue
Lets not forget there are 360 million people in this Country. You guys keep talking about 20 million. Who are these people why do you leave?
That’s because the govt forced us to Bern. Some of us don’t want govt mixed with our healthcare #GetGovtOutOfHealthcare
Up 190% in Arizona.
Bernie I don't think u can count to 20 million
Hold a gun to my head and I might by you a fourth house too.
Let's also not forget I didn't wanna pay that money out of my pocket either affordable is on the eye of the person paying..
Under penalty of law, you fossil.
someone who won't work can have health care? I dont want govnt telling me I having to buy overpriced insur for thing I dont need
so some1 else has insurance tht is what happens with socialism every body will have mediocre care taxes increase and coyntry
goes broke paying for me it. What was wrong with health insurance b 4 Obama created ACA monster? LESS GOVNT NOT MORE.
and million a whose standard of living has suffered as a direct result of ACA is it right that I now gave to work 2 jobs so
amazing what happens when you threaten people with theft through taxation.  #thievingliberals #socialismsucks #stupid
@KamalaHarris @SenWarren Easier & cheaper 2 FIX O'Care than single payer. WHY R U wasting time on ideologic bill? U R ALT Left = ALT Right
And then there are those of us who used to have insurance but can no longer afford it. How many of those are there?
Universal Health Scam
Let's not forget they are required by federa law to do so, dipshit
Bank fraud they don't have Obamacare they have Medicaid which is a joke. I thought you were going on vacation to Venezuela, what happened
Yeah because it’s mandatory or get fined
How many of those already had health insurance, but lost their plans due to #obamacare ? You're #fakenews
No we need to break up those banks! And start a revolution!
I would venture to guess that that is 100% not true any longer.
Ask Canada how well that works.  They cross our border to get serious medical help.
I don't like you, @BernieSanders I blame you for this Trump era. You should have retired from politics long ago #blameberniefortrump
That's false information only people that gained already qualified for free care keep over taxing the middle class money is running out!
And the others can't afford to pay for theirs
And 100 million others are paying more or paying penalties because they can’t afford to buy insurance.
And amazingly they weren’t dead before the ACA either! 
Because they are forced by law and fined it they didnt. And you proud of that aren't u "Comrade Bernie" Socialism 101 Repress & Oppress!!
You're hiding from complete facts on this topic in particular the payroll and employer job killing costs
We are triple the size of any European nation and have very small payroll tax base where do u think the funds will come from -middle class
Because only abt half the population pays taxes
For all those who want u oversaw health care make sure you can afford your home, food, clothing and everything else on 30% of you income
30million are uninsured and millions have insurance that is not useable due to large deductibles
This just in: If you put a gun to someone's head and demand they sign up for healthcare or pay a hefty fine, they do one of those things!
Let not forget that 20 Americans have no choice in the matter.
How many of these were forced to buy?
Let's also not forget to #ExtendCHIP by Saturday. #KeepKidsCovered
Pediatricians: You did it! THANK YOU for speaking out against #GrahamCassidy. Up next: the need to #ExtendCHIP by Saturday! #KeepKidsCovered
Amer's R Hardest working ppl in World
Keep Rich ppl Richer
Amer's r begging for CRUMBS
Bull Shit Rep's big business ur gravey train ENDS 
Let's not forget that you're forcing at least that many to buy something they don't want, don't need, can't afford. Yay govt coercion, eh?
Let's not forget that Daniel Larruso used an illegal kick to win the 1984 All Valley under 18  Karate Tournament against Johnny Lawrence
Let's not forget the ones that lost there care because of Obama care and that Bernie still has the best that money can buy.
lets not forget that they are FORCED BY LAW to buy it or be HEAVILY FINED if they dont.
@SenSanders and 290 million Americans have had their out of pockets more than double because it. The 10 million have insurance that covers 0
All due respect, what's your point?
And the other 300 million are paying 2 to 3 times as much to make it possible.
And 30 million lost their insurance.   If you like your insurance you can keep your insurance hmmm
Yes and the other 310 million are paying for it.
Sorry dude, it's a stupid card. They can't afford any of it! Keep pushing that bs all u want while we working Americans keep paying
Bad coverage is like having no coverage!
Let's don't forget that there are millions of working Americans that lost benefits thru their employer under the ACA! I'm one of them!
That they can't afford
they have coverage but with deductibles so high thy can't access it. SO WHAT'S SO GREAT ABOUT COVERAGE YOU CAN'T USE. HOWS COURT
LOL.. I guess you forgot the millions who lost their plans, even if they liked them
I have good health care.  I don't want to give it up for socialized medicine.
I’ll smell you latter you old basted keep up the terrible work you do .
I rest my case Bernie you can’t answer none of us you are a joke . I can’t even get flea meds . How about affordable pet insurance  .
Tell us about your health care . How good is it ? Mine sucks ! The reason is greedy  people like you.
Who the heck is it affordable for???
False.
Why won’t you get on Obamacare if it’s so great?
I didn't need to worry about Obamacare. I applied and got rejected. Lol
Because the law forces them to buy a useless policy
Let us not forget that that statistic is a lie, and you're a lying liar who lies for repeating it.
Thanks Bern I was one of those 20mil.   Now I have insurance the same price as my mortgage and deductible I can't afford.  Commie.
Senile old man mumbling gibberish
20 millions forced to have health insurance!  How many millions are paying the fine for not being able to afford ObamaCare??
At a huge cost to taxpayers and the people paying the taxes prescribed in obamacare for devices and other essential health care needs.
Amazing what requiring people by law to have something does to the number of people that have it.
I thought it was 80
There's still alot can't afford the price.
Only because I'm paying for it
Shitty healthcare. That they can't afford. And that millions of Americans will pay heavy fines for not taking Forced Health Care.
ACA still needs to be improved, co-pays and premiums are too high for many to benefit. And then there are medications.  All about greed.
Let's not forget those who used to have insurance and now essentially don't due to high premiums and deductibles.
Mandated by law to buy a product they may not want or in an amount that they don't need. 14 million would drop it!
Let's not forget that 20 million Americans were forced to purchase insurance, whether they wanted it, or not.
Bern, how bout the millions that can't afford the premiums under the UNaffordable care act? Did you forget about them? They don't count?????
You mean that 20 million more Americans are now relying on their neighbor to provide for yet another service.
Actually the majority of those people got kicked off their good plans/doctors & forced on overpriced shitty insurance with high deductibles
20 million who are not free to make that decision for themselves. At the point of a gun.
maybe thats because you get in trouble for not having insurance lol
My kids no longer have insurance when they previously did. 1k/month was a little pricey for EPO that had limited doctors. #RepealObamacare
It's amazing what happens when you force people to buy something, and penalize them if they don't. #wow
It's not affordable!!! Obama lied  !!! Lost my doctor and premiums went up ??? Executive order and put u all on it !!!!
Let's not forget #bankfraudbernie
Funny how that works when you fine them if they don't.  
Please keep up the fight!
Individual mandate?  They were compelled to get it.  You're so disingenuous.
20 million americans that bought health insurance, essentially at gun point.
Let's not forget the 20 million American that can no longer afford their healthcare who previously could
HOWEVER, you keep forgetting TENS OF MILLIONS are groaning under the high costs. Dammit, STOP IGNORING THAT FACT. All of U in DC WAKE UP.
yet easy for you to forget how many that don't cuz we can't afford to pay for everyone-why do you get to pick who dies?

There aren't even that many in it liar
Thanks for making it to we’re I can’t afford health insurance you did a bang up job.
Wolf in  clothing
Amazing what happens when you use the threat of government force to make something happen. #realSocialism
Why don't you make it Medicaid for all, instead of Medicare
Most either don't want it or can't afford it or both.
Every day that number is higher
I can't forget because I'm paying for it with higher premiums, deductibles, and more of a deficit to pass to my children.
Affordable my ars!
lets not forget there 60 yr olds forced to buy maternity care who can never have kids and people cant afford to use ins.  thanks aca
how many of those wanted health insurance?
Literally life saving also relieves anxiety
Yeah Bernie and guess what they are paying dearly for it and can't afford to use it.  Mr Socialist 
Let's not forget that premiums for tens of millions of hard working, honest Americans have risen exponentially under OCommieCare.
Let us not forget that people who couldn't afford health insurance still don't have it and can't afford the fine for not buying it.
forcing people to buy health insurance is the epitome of communism and oppression.
Amazing how many people sign up for something when you make it MANDATORY, and fine them for not doing it.
And Sweden is not a poster child for Socialism sir.
How many lost their insurance under Obamacare?
Forcefully.  It's shitty coverage, barely affordable for working families, but that's the point, nobody works in welfare state.
It's really 11m and they're all on Medicaid
Crappy health insurance.
You Communist asshole.
Crazy what happens when the government holds a gun to your head and forces you to buy something! Can't wait to be extorted 4 singlepayer!
Sure. With premiums we can't afford and deductibles so high we can't pay them. Worse off now than before.
Let's not forget that millions of Americans have been forced to buy coverage or pay a penalty, and quite often the penalty is cheaper.#idiot
Medicaid expansion and the individual mandate are responsible for that, Bern.
Yes, when people are mandated to buy something it's shocking when the numbers rise of people who purchase said 'thing'. Genius
thats a lie, they had medicaid and medicare before Obamacare
We wan't McCains plan !!!
It's almost like they were forced to buy it or something....
Let’s not forget we lost almost that many because they can’t afford it. Most are paying for something they can’t use due to hi deductibles
It's amazing how popular a thing is when you force them to buy it.
No, they actually don't, because they can afford neither the premiums nor the deductible. They are a lot poorer, though, so...good job.
20 million around 1 percent of the population so lets make everyone else broke to support them
Let's not forget that many of them have insurance they cannot afford to renew this year, or use because of sky-high deductibles.
BECAUSE THEY WERE FORCED TO BUY IT
Yes thank you so much for forcing me to get health care...
Most of whom don't want it.
Let's not forget people have it under the ACA because their old plans were cancelled and they had to buy expensive ACA plans.
And how many millions lost theirs after you helped passed Obamacare
At what cost Senator?  Absolutely un affordable, unless we smear taxpayers money all over pvt insurers?  That's a ridiculous plan.  Try G-C

Lies they mostly signed up in Medicaid that was free in first place most people take penalty because it's unaffordable
Let's not forget I don't have any money left to go to the doctor, because of Democrats taking my money through the Affordable Care Act.
Mr. Sanders,  please help Puerto Rico.
Lets not forget the 20 million middle class Americans now have expensive worthless ACA insurance that can't be use at hospitals or Doctors
Yeah it's called a mandate dufus.
Let’s not forget Congress was exempted from the affordable care act. Yours is supplied at our expense.
But what about the 40m who had it can't afford it now!!!
Why arn't you on it
