Billionaires create jobs dude...
Trickle down had NEVER been proven to work dude
How has Socialism proved to work?  Check out Venezuela.
You guys make fair points about Western Europe but I think you're looking at that situation with rose colored glasses.  They people give up a lot of personal freedom, and the rich there are still able to hide their wealth.
I think going after the "Super Wealthy" is a waste of time because those individuals can hide their money in a number of ways regardless of a country's political structure.
Wow...mental gymnastics
No, actually logical thought.  Why do you think so many American companies have re-located to Ireland?  Low tax and regulations.
Most big companies are not really even American they're multi national ...Good try though
So if we get rid of the estate tax, rich people will start giving their money away? Cool.
Yeah. Like that's going to happen. Greed begets greed. Where's Robinhood anyway?
Tax cuts for billionaires don’t create jobs- the rich just hoard the money. Tax their asses and support the middle/working classes!
They are taxed enough!
Not nearly enough, Probably A Bot Man!
There is not enough money from the so called rich to pay for all the crap that Bernie wants to fund!
You need to read an economics book. Go to the chapter entitled corporate tax and rich people. Highlight: the myth of trickle-down effect.
The #deathtax is wrong! Once a person is taxed they should b able 2 do whatever they want with their money no matter how much they make
But it’s not you paying it...you’re dead...!
So why should the government have the right to take MY MONEY & give it to who they want. I should be able to leave my money to who I want
Because it prevents sever income inequality and the rise of an aristocracy that has the power to control the government. Remember, 0.2% of Americans have 40% of the wealth of the country! That’s never a good thing
It's not the governments job to redistribute wealth
Then who should do it? 
ME... If it's MY MONEY then I should decide. Especially if I already paid tax on it. They will have to pay capital gains tax but not 55%
Yeah that should work. So what’s stopping people piling up cash in the Caimans islands from redistributing their wealth? Coz they’re clearly not doing it 
... Xi requires him

Milton Friedman is an idiot who helped prop up a murderous dictator in Chile.
The man won a Nobel Prize. Hardly an idiot but go ahead and shove your nose back in The Guardian.
Argument from authority.
You should really look that term up because you're misusing it.
Mm.
Yet said everyones taxes will go up under his plans.  But don't worry, he will try to bribe you with "free stuff".
He never said that. Lol try again
When I was younger, I wanted to be rich like Trump or Gates. But now, seems we stopped making them something to be.#socialism starting
@SenSandersSTOPITweAllknowTheHypocritUR. NoExpWithSocialism,justTrying
2sellUSsnake oil. 
Take a vacation at one of your 3 capitalisticHOMES
Please start sticking up for the working poor.
Bernie... Please run again. We desperately need you.
@tedcruz looking exposed
Elected left doesn't know if companies don't participate in GDP than government has to do. That is communism. Is he one?
We don't need the rich or corps. We need middle class small bussiness owners creating middle class jobs. What U.S. was built upon. Simple.
Dump the corporations. Go work for a mom and pop. Support your local economy and stop feeding the monster.
The middle class needs more than tax cuts, they also need private sector jobs.  We need investment to do that.  That's why we need an across-the-board tax cut.
What mr free college for everyone doesn't understand, if you tax billionaires to death you will lose them.   Also they can't create jobs!
Our economy isint dependant on the rich. Hundreds of thousands of small business owners employ millions all over the US. Don't need corps.
#keepyomoney
You tell him Bernie!
I'm not buying that. Simply look up his tax plan proposals from his campaign. No cuts whatsoever. He believes you should sacrifice you check
You do realize his plan also included single payer healthcare and your check would get back what u are currently losing in employer ins?
The problem is that wages haven't kept up with productivity. It's not a socialist idea to pay a fair wage. http://www.epi.org/productivity-pay-gap/ …
No tax cuts for anyone. We need money to fix infrastructure. Americans don't realize how low our taxes are compared to other countries.
Tax cuts for all
N E 1 who thinks socialism works doesn’t know ppl living under it who get “free”healtg care n have 2 wait MONTHS 4 a simple MRI or surgery!
Hmmm... and your wife committed bank FRAUD w/o your help/knowledge? Give me a break u socialist.BTW socialism does NOT work.
https://youtu.be/al-Ms6df0PE  #kelly #genkelly #johnkelly
A true tax cut is straight across the board.
Have these billionaires pay taxes on their offshore accounts!
Such a phony. He contradicts himself so much.
What type of piece a of shit person wants to help those in need aka 99.8 % of the Country
Go get em @BernieSanders
@DUH4Healthcare billionaires like the waltons need more money in tax cuts So they can create more low paying part time jobs lol
Notice the interest in ending deficit spending and paying down the debt is no longer of any interest?

That's a problem.
You would rather the middle class not get tax cuts because you don't want the rich to get tax cuts? POS. We ALL lose on that one!
How about showing us Cruz great answer.
That's because BERNIE IS BROKE!
Does he hate billionaires who pay most of the taxes? How about relief for ALL!

Same old socialist line from @BernieSanders   ALL Americans should get a tax cut.
He will feel the hate at the convention
Lying bernie, does he really think we want a man with one foot in the grave as president? Really? Hell no
Yes. I agree!
Democrat excuse to not give middle class a tax cut, but Dems will gladly vote to raise taxes on working class
Class warfare, how Marxist of Bernie. He'd rather middle class suffer before  allowing any benefit to his class; lame
Obvious to reserve ‘those’ for the poorest alone.
Poor ol' Senile Sanders. This clown is really getting pathetic
Ted cruz’s facual expression after Bernie said there are 80 farmers was like ‘really? I had no idea!’ Ted cruz is joke!
Once again,  it’s a tax cut that includes businesses, not billionaires.   Helping businesses helps jobs and the economy.
Bernie's wife made $$ in govt  handout!
His tax plan would have raised taxes on middle class and working families.
Make billionaire rich again
Just curious to Clint News Network, did Sen Cruz speak at the town hall?   Don't see any clips of him speaking just crooked Bernie!  Sad!!!!
Thank you Bernie!
Please include cutting taxes in those who don't pay taxes.
Sanders is a dinosaur! Tax cuts will save middle class! Period! Bernie can retire in "Free Land" wherever that is.
Bernie just ROCKED the house!! 
As wages increased in the USA, lower income people end moving into higher tax rates, while the upper income get tax breaks… thanks R Reagan
Lol that hasn't happened. Our wages have been stagnant since Reagan.
They have not keep up with inflation, but they have gone up in actual dollars
If they don't match inflation it means they're stagnant.
Yes, but still fall into higher tax rate brackets... so double whammy
Nobody's becoming a Billionaire through earned income. Only capital gains, which are barely taxed.
How is properly taxing the rich socialism? To cover the losses the government will have to recover it from the poorest. Wake up folks.
Rich people do not fit into Sanders' socialistic agenda
Won't someone think of the poor billionaires?
Give it a rest with these Sanders/Cruz debates.
He says 1% needs to be taxed 90%. The  1% is anyone making more 400,000$ a year Which is almost all businesses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49KTut6ZALE&t=2s …
Bernie Sanders
He is a NUT
I got your tax cuts for hard working Americans right here!
https://twitter.com/CZLumen/status/920884113040580610 …
Zero taxes until you're comfortably above cost of living!
Tax reform
Cost of operation/ living + 20k = 0 taxes
20 - 220 = 20% top 40k in taxes
220 - 420 = 40%…
#NotOnePenny more in tax cuts for Billionaires and Big Corporations. #TaxMarch wasn't just about seeing 45's tax returns. #SocialJustice
Why is Larry David debating the Zodiac Killer on CNN tonight?
A resounding hell no
Both sides of the fence say they want tax cuts for the middle class BUT IT HASN’T HAPPENED. Why do we still listen to these assholes?
Still in mourning that Bernie Sanders wasn’t elected to be president. My head spins, thinking about how different our country would feel/be.

@SenSanders he wants a socialist system. Go find one that works...wait...there aren’t any. They’ve all failed.
@SenSanders doesn’t want tax cuts for those who actually paid them, just for those who didn’t

#CNNDebateNight
Cruz lies a lot like POTUS and attempted to over simplify w/ his charts he flashed.  Using JFK example is absurd since that was 54 yrs ago!
Well said Bernie!

Says the clown who only pays a 13% tax rate on an income that puts him in the 28% tax bracket
That trucker would rather continue to suffer with his new $1k tax cut than understand that some people will pocket $25m+ cut annually...dumb
Oxymoron?
Oh please...crazy old socialist...what happened FNN, Hillary's toe broken and couldn't make it?
The Bern is 100% correct. Won the debate with convincing Real/Factual answers - that help America not just Billionaires. Trump the Fraud.
Yes - it makes perfect sense Vladimir.
If we give more money to the middle class it will generate greater economic activity which will generate more jobs.
Billionaires create jobs all the time.  There taxes have nothing to do with it.
They are both BS take money for WAR and not to help grow America! Vote #greenparty
Wrong wrong wrong estate tax hurts the middle income also.
Good for you Bernie



Go Bernie!!
We should have a conversation about whether we want to grow our aristocracy in America; is that who we want to be?
@SenSanders @CNN I love watching ted cruz's face during this. It's like a dog who peed on the rug and knows it screwed up
Lol
That guy was really a strong right winger with no economic sense.
The morons asking this question aren't even smart enough to make enough money to qualify for this tax deduction.
Billionaires produce the jobs that pay the middle class salaries I think tax cuts benefits everyone
Who does Bernie think employs the middle class,poor people. Bernie thinks a small business owner is too wealthy.
A healthy economic ecosystem - one in which most participants (especially the middle class) have plenty of money to spend create jobs.
Where people have more purchasing power  to buy locally from small businesses instead of big corporations like walmart and Mcdonalds.
To get there we need to improve standard of living - increase worker wages, provide free education and healthcare.
To pay for all that we must tax the 1%.
Who cares their billionaires. As long as it helps the middle class pass it
So you're selling a couple of your homes? Or is the wife giving the stolen college money back.
Did St. Bernie mention anything about fraud being used to destroy universities?
@tedcruz
This is embarassing @lyingted is such a lightweight.
Isn’t Bernie busy with his wife’s criminal conduct?
Hilarious to see Lying Ted do trumps dirty work. Forgiveness is a wonderful thing. God bless Ted!
We stop being the World's police force and we could save trillions.
too bad our politicians are too damn stupid except for a few!
No Republican or Democrat politician will raise taxes on the rich without loopholes because guess what, they are rich.
Time to Give The People the same Lifetime Healthcare, Benefit$, & Perk$ as Politicians; otherwise, give those Do-0's the same as The People!
I like Sanders but wouldnt give CNN another viewer. They went from lying about him for ratings to pushing him for ratings post election.

Koch Bros' wealth grew by $13B since 2016, to $97B. https://twitter.com/ClimateConnor/status/920396917888073729 …
AMEN!!!
Bernie against tax cuts on the small business! He just said it in a slippery way.
no he didnt
Bernie I think you need Langstane ravioli
The tax cut will not be across the board. What the middle class actually receives will be eaten up by additional taxes to cover the decifiet
I am still working at 60 with  MS and no goobernut handouts. Bernie is a disappointment.
Amen.
How about you & your 13.5% tax rate, you should pay more

Team Obama’s stunning cover-up of Russian crimes | New York Post http://nypost.com/2017/10/17/team-obamas-stunning-coverup-of-russian-crimes/ …
Bernie if we cared anything about what your saying you'd be President!
Hey it's cubbies to Dodgers zero
But it might be too late just like Hillary and the Democrats Bernie y'all cost of the coast Toast
Tax cuts are an effective way to bolster a weak economy and create jobs—as long as they are targeted at the bottom 90% of income earners.
How about for crooks like you and your wife but your just millionaires
Gutsy position.
Should I die on your doorstep?
Geez I'm wish the debate with Cruz was closer to Halloween . Throw a cape on him Eddie Munster .
So I thought this debate was about this tax plan but Cruz keeps saying to Bernie "your" tax bill but that has nothing to do w this bill
I haven't seen more than a few clips. Know of a link to it on YouTube or anything like that?
Can I dump the remains on Sander 's garden?
Can’t taxes Chang to 10,20,30 percent and make everybody happy?
Just FYI:
U.S. fed tax system is based on your *taxable income,* NOT on your net-worth. 
#CNNDebateNight
You need to read up on estate tax law
Have certificate in Est. Planning (among others). What do you want to know about it/ your Q?
What the GOP wants to do is very different then what they end up doing
Everytime old Bernie says Koch Bros. take a drink.
My mom and dad die, we can't even pay the taxes to dispose of their remains. Is that how democrats make things work?
US TAX system is SABOTAGED by Dem politicians 2 ruin USA business by DOUBLE TAXATION- When i worked offshore i paid taxes in BOTH countries!
What a phoney.  He will wallow in the tax break he and his wife will get.
Can’t taxes Chang to 10,20,30 percent
I am so SICK of all the talk! The fact is the rich are getting WAY richer, the poor is always poor and the middle class is fucked!
But Democrats are helping poor people
SOONER  OR  LATER TO LATE
I thought you were all about fairness? Cant we all have some cake?
54% know he is full of shit!
middle class small business owners create a lot of jobs.
and ain't getting a tax break...if this was passed as is.

CNNFAKENEWS, Sanders is a sellout

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
Really? Raising taxes helps no one.
no one is raising taxes, save for the GOP as a true middle class, small business owner, my taxes as proposed will increase...wtf
You do know that lowering prices brings in more tax revenue. You do understand that that is an economic fact, right?
Your definition of "billionaire " is janked up
Why doesn’t Bernie sell a few of his homes and donate the proceeds to charity?  How in the hell did he become a millionaire anyway?
Tell 'em!
let this one fail. We dont need it under trump. Help him fail out of whote house
He fails we fail, families fail! what a hateful outlook!
not so..his plan doesnt help middle class just like his sabotage of aca..#realist

Who pays most of the taxes?
