fossil fuels, like the GOP and DNC are made of dinosaurs and, like them, doomed to extinction.
At least the GOP, works, unlike anarchism and socialism.
playing chicken with a nuclear war is not my definition of working. Nor is being the laughing stock of most developed nations
That's only because "Progressive" nations are soft and think being a strong independent nation is a barbaric joke.
What extinction? The strong survive and the weak die off. As stated by Darwin himself, but then again your kind never believed in science.
T Rex was stronger than mice.... I saw a mouse today... when was the last time you saw a T Rex?
Pretty anything that wasn't Amphibious or aquatic in nature died off when a giant space rock smashed into the planet, therefore you're wrong
Says the totalitarian Commie crackpot who fails to mention that Solar cannot exist without Govt seizing money from taxpayers to fund it
Plus he is a social democrat get your political terms right
Gee Really?Please explain to me the difference?While you're at it, explain the precise differences between this,progressivism and socialism?
There are none.
so, does that mean you have solar panels on your 3 houses???
Are you always a troll ?
Well, IF you mean that I don't like being lied too & cheated, then I guess I am!!!!
So you are not a Trump supporter ?
Yes, I am
Then you do like being lied to. Do some research and you can verify his lies
Let me know when there are private sector solar cargo jets and semi trucks....

Till then, hush commie :D
President Trump talks about bringing back fossil fuels. It’s not going to happen. Solar is the future. 
But I'm not wrong about solar cargo planes and semi trucks.... so who's the troll really?

https://twitter.com/5712324ae5ca427/status/918510420805259264 …
So because those things don't exist yet, we should scrap the whole thing ?
Those things don't exist because the technology isnt mature enough, and throwing tax dollars won't speed up process

https://twitter.com/5712324ae5ca427/status/918525062332014598 …
Solar, wind , hydro electric , etc all exist. As well as electric and hybrid cars. Your point is invalid
And where do electric cars charge?

The coal fired power grid!

#checkmate

https://twitter.com/5712324ae5ca427/status/918528257443627008 …
They charge with electricity. Which can be made by a multitude of sources. Wind, Solar, hydro electric. Potatoes can light a bulb ffs.
Can’t have solar power in Alaska, other northern states. Nuclear is the only sustainable way forward.
Yeah, Eric. You're 110% efficient. :P
Germany also pays 3x for electricity.  Viability takes into account economic factors.
Germany actually produced as much power as 40 nuclear plants with solar and wind alone on Saturday this week, gave it away for free.
Don't use facts, 4 they are PAINFUL! #MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #MakeAmericaConfusedAgain 
LOL we should have lots of choices NOT ONE  Solar only works with the Sun..Try that in Alaska
Actually, we’re doing it in Alaska.
Depending on location I should have said.  Cities north of the arctic circle have 70 days of darkness.Won't work in those cities
Even KY (McConnell) Coal Museum uses solar power. 

Only a moron wouldn't see it. 

http://usat.ly/2pd5HeY  via @usatoday

@realDonaldTrump
The panels are killing the grass beneath.  Sad!!
Really?!? Whew! I don't want grass growing on my roof. Now I don't have to lift the panels to mow.
Look at a aerial view of solar panel farms. More destruction to our landscape.
Look at the fields and rivers destroyed by the now abandoned chemical plants in Texas.
Please do not call him president
I agree that renewable is the way forward, but I'm not so sure solar's where it's at. Have to cover huge areas of land for little efficiency
Cover the roof tops with them. Every building would have their own power supply. A mixture of all the clean energy types is needed.
Agreed on the latter. And it's certainly a step in the right direction, but I don't think we'll get anywhere without investing in wind
Bernie your coalition is fracturing.  Start a #PEOPLESPARTYNOW to unite!!!!
And wind and geothermal, Bernie. Wind is still cheaper on a large scale.
Just wait for nuclear fusion and then we could talk about both clean and constant energy output.
The problem there is disposal of nuclear waste. Where does it go? It'd be harmful everywhere
I'm talking about fusion, not fission. Fusion does not produce waste.
What lie? He's doing better than the Commie and the Criminal...
Except when there’s no sun, not sustainable, old technology like you Bernie


Yes senator but can we pass the law that mandates solar panels to work at night.
That's what batteries are for, and wind to cover the gap.
When?  In 2075 after the subsidies have allowed us to become your socialist utopia? Solar will become viable through market forces only.
It's already viable. Elec Co's charge for having solar & not using their electricity. Why do I pay 4 something I don't use? Force of market.
NW Florida can require every inch of roof top covered and 25 year ROI.  Hurricanes can destroy entire roof/contents. Arizona, maybe.
Hopefully prison is in Trump's future.
Hillarys maybe. And bernie for bank fraud. Lock liberals up
Keep dreaming, pal.
Solar electricity is very expensive !
I sold and installed many solar systems and nobody ever complained about the price.
Except the taxpayers forced to subsidize them.
When solar is viable and in demand, it wont need to be subsidized, the market will respond.
Because if we don't believe the Russia bot bs, HRC was just a hypocritical, corrupt out of touch, bought by Wall Street puppet.
the initial cost is high but the suns energy is free just as wind. long term the costs will pay for themselves
No.  Long term costs are still paid by the taxpayers.  Panel life is 25 yrs.  panels never recover the energy it took to make them
China is investing heavily in solar and alternative energy sources we as a country cannot fall behind again
Or what?  We subsidize panels that never produce enough power they pay for themselves?  Buy that junk from China at their loss.
and where is the facts behind statement. Are you talking about panels from 80-90s.
“Bringing back fossil fuels”. Where did they go, Senator?
The #sun is amazing. We #depend on the sun.So let the sun #save it's #people & do it's #lovin #job... givin us #light,etc.
Wrong
How much fossil fuels does it take to make a solar panel? Answer. More than the panel will produce in a lifetime. Fact!
Solar panels can't even produce half the energy modern life depends on.
Solar, wind, and renewables bring about 3% of our nations energy. Fossil is the present to stay alive. #JustSayin
Yes solar is the future but are you ignorant to how many things beside  gasoline that are made from oil?
Point of fact, Solar had a good year.  You didn't.
I hope you are vegan (or vegetarian) bernie because the meat and dairy industry is doing more damage to the earth than fossil fuels.
Not according to Arizona courts
Yes, if only the sun would shine 24 hours a day.
President Trump is the present and the foreseeable future. It's dinosaurs like you who are not going to happen. Fact is, you never happened,
I see, like most science deniers, you didn't mention nuclear energy.  Odd.
Sun is important for solar energy. But on a normal clouded day, daylight also gives solar energy, less of course but enough to drive a car.
Jesus is our Light, Bern. We're good , thanks.
I'm pretty sure he's talking about clean energy, to protect this planet, and not a person's religious beliefs/affiliations.
The we better have one hell of an Democratic win come 2018.
Except when it's night. And not sunny. Then you have to crank the backup fossil fuel generator.
If only REMs and Solar Panels were as cheap/reliable as fossil and nuclear fuels, alas they are not, as such your statement is invalid.
Shows how out of reality Bernie is.
And fields of solar panels are doing wonders for Vermont's landscapes. I'm sure tourists LOVE seeing those in their viewfinders you old fool
Who’s going to pay for it
How many of your 3 houses have solar comrade?
Young start action quickly—it’s your future!!!!!
Solar is a pipe dream.  Its inefficient and the creation and disposal of solar panels is horrible for the environment
It may one day be effective but we're not there yet.   Why try to make the country depend on something that doesn't exist
#ClimateChangeIsCatastrophic #PeoplesPlatform
Yes, let's leave millions of people without a job to provide for their families.Really and you wonder why you Democrat's lost the elections
Ok Senator, never fly again Ok?  Never board another train, nor an automobile. BTW Senator, all your food was trucked in with gas or diesel
Solar is the present.
I hope so. Trump in intent on Destroying America. Does he ever Consider How His STUPIDITY WILL AFFECT HIS GRANDCHILDREN! WHAT A DUMB ASS!!!
solar is like driving a prius. Cost prohibitive. Doesnt make sense to pay 25k for a 10k junk economy car.
Naa, nuclear fusion is the future!
That's your opinion NOT the majority of Americans!
Bernie is however the past. Can't trust a man who comb his hair with a balloon.
It was sad to see farmers fields taken up with solar panels.
Mass suicide is so retro, but the movement has trouble keeping attendance numbers up. #DiscoInferno
#ImpeachTrump #25th45 !!
On what Criminal charges? I'll wait.
@SharylAttkisson And Bernie is the past! Go away Bernie you are boring!
Agree. Solar is an unlimited energy supply. Instead of phones with better emogees, our major tech companies should concentrate on that
Trump's taking us back to 1990 when he was on the cover of Playboy.  That was his favorite year.
Can someone point me in the direction to purchase Solyndra solar panels for my house?
I wouldn't, the shadow puppeteers  controlling Bernie and his fellows might arrest you for being self sufficient...
But solar is the future!!! And the millions that went to solyndra only to have them go bankrupt...I was making fun.  sarcasm!
Why bring back fossil fuels which maintain dependency on foreign powers hostile to our country?! Crazy cakes, man.
Bernie's theme song is He ain't heavy he's my brother even if you're a girl
Look @ the Orkney Islands.   They are paving the way with solar wind and tidal technology
Have you found a way to effectively store it?
SURE BRING BACK MORE AIR POLLUTION AND BLACK LUNG AND WITH NO INSURANCE COVERAGE...THAT IS @realDonaldTrump'S WORLD
No it's not. Not affordable and not efficient
Anyone remember this?

https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/specialreports/solyndra-scandal/ …
As a matter of fact geothermal, wind, hydraulic and solar could be built all over Yellowstone and provide massive electric energy to the USA
Ha, libs said that 40 years ago and its still not a viable option.
tHE PROBLEM IS SOLAR IS VERY EXPENSIVE AND IN FIVE YEARS YOU NEED TO REPLACE ALL THE EXPENSIVE SOLAR PANELS. WIND AND HYDRAULIC ARE BETTER
It's the future, in a couple hundred years. Fossil fuels are the now. Long live fossil fuel
Solar is the future
Bernie is a follower of Sol Invictus, eh?
Except it is not feasible.
More power in wind and water.
And to get supplies for solar cells and the batteries you need what source of fuel?
solar is pretty useless in most situations...just silly
The only future in coal is for those who own the machines that mine for it, automation killed the jobs, not wind & solar subsidies.
If solar is da future, why is government picking up 2/3 of the cost ?? Yes ppl u get a bill 4 10 grand it's really 30 grand ! That sucks !!
Then I want my Solyndra money back, because they, and others have been a colossal failure!!!
You have no future.
#Venezuela
All those families in all those coal mining states that voted for President Trump tend to disagree with you
Can they not find jobs in the solar field? Seems somewhat a transferable skill. Move forward, not backward my friend.
Many families were forgotten by Obama / Clinton that weren't given an opportunity to "move forward" - We choose not to abandon them
Says the guy that came in 3rd behind a disgraced career criminal
Oils is not made of dead dinosaurs fool, second most abundant liquid on earth, regenerated  as a bi product of earths inner core functions
You're right. But his friends and much of the GOP is in the oil business. He has to look out after them first before America.
Big Bernie, the real american people.
Trump is on his way out, as are fossil fuels.
Solar cant provide. The power needed. At best it could provide maybe 40% here in Hawaii. Wake up!
Solar will not be cheap / effective for a long time. Batts are also in a bad place. Nuclear and fossil are a fantastic (and the only) option

Solar is the future? You want to say Nimrod or Ba'al maybe? I'm not surprised at all!!!
Donald, stop trying to make fossil fuels happen. It's not going to happen.
Why are you so amazing Bernie! My family rides bikes and takes a bus to reduce our dependence on oil. Just installed solar on small budget!
So no. While solar panel can benefit some. Economically it’s to expensive and doesn’t help the planet.
You know what happens when solar panels are outdated ? Move to trash where they become toxic because of the materials used to make them.
Lol the solar plant here in Oregon went broke and laid off hundreds. They are potentially moving back to Germany unless they get more funds.
You really love President Trump. You can't go one second without thinking of him. That's called Love. I love him too.
Get rid of your car Bernie
And wind
Trump didn’t bring back fossil fuels. They are already here and have always been here. You need a better pitch
Solar AND wind power
as an honest seeming politiician. I urge you to consult scientists on why nuclear is a better option long term
Get your head out of the clouds
Call you Hillary jr.fosill is already here solar not so much.
Be the leader and lead an effort to bring a solar infrastructure to PR. Coordinate w/ Musk for public donations & volunteers.
You know greedy Trump and his rich cronies can't wait to get into PR and buy up their land very cheaply after he kills off all the poor PRs.
Clueless Bernie, USA is exporting more oil than ever and the world is buying it
Who's going to pay for it if not the 1%?
Yes indeed Senator.
I'm not informed enough on the subject to say solar is the future, but it is clear there is no future in fossil fuels.
@SharylAttkisson Point noted.
There is no future if you dont impeach this guy, what is the hold up??
Solar is fine on houses and structures: solar farms are ridiculous.  Liberals completely ignore nuclear power, clean, safe, and economical.
Solar is too expensive for anything but being totally off grid.  Solar & wind are currently too inefficient for a decent ROI. 
The “Commie Fossil” has spoken!
We're gonna need more than solar don't we? Why not take advantage of all of the other avenues and not just stick to one?
He is a fossil fuel.  The Netherlands wants all gasoline driven vehicles off the road in the next 3-5 years.
Bernie I don't recall him saying to do away with solar.

Hey Bernie, how is it a guy like you with three mansions pays 13% federal tax rate while a guy like me with one modest home pays 18.5%?
until a cloud or hailstorm comes along
Only when the suns out bone head.
We need #AFundamentalShift how/why we live
 #2SurviveWithoutFear #4ABetterWorld. 
 #Struggle2Survive=#Desperation+#Thieves+more.
Crazy Bernie thinks you can drive a solar car to work and heat your house on Solar when the sun doesn't come out for 6 months of winter.
it's been the future for the past forty years
Solar is expensive and inefficient as of today.
Bernie, it's time for you soup and then go to bed
Tomorrow's toxic waste is Bernie Sanders solar panels. http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/energy/2014/11/141111-solar-panel-manufacturing-sustainability-ranking/ …
No wonder Bernie the clown Sounders wants to arrest dissenters it's too easy to make him look stupid
Removing the govt imposed penalties on fossil fuels. Different altogether. Can solar make it on its own without subsidies? If so great.
Solar is worse for the environment and produces nothing and will be three to four times as expensive
Sanders: What happens at night?
Guide: They don't work
Sanders: What?
Bernie are you the one taking the Alzheimer's meds? Why not use all forms of fuels?
Because making solar panels and batteries is so helpful to the environment...said no one ever!
You know solar panels are currently worse for the environment right?
What's not the future: President Bernie Sanders.
Where have you been Bernie? It never left!!!!!
You’re sooo naive, Bernie. No fool like a old fool I guess.
Incredibly ignorant of basic economics. Just take the rest of the year off. Have a long vacation at one of your three mansions.
We can turn human & animal waste into drinking water...send men to the moon....Why can't we make coal clean. Until then we need alternatives
Obama has already proven solar companies are unable to stay viable.
Man, do I hope you're right. Hey can we get some more love for Bernie! We need more people talking with him than with Trump!
They better make them for free.   Who can afford it?
Solar & wind are good sources; in the event of a volcanic eruption or nuclear outbreak useless. Keep them & also harness the ocean''s energy
Except, solar is a non starter in the northern hemisphere.  60% or more@of the year is overcast.
Solar is not Great..It reflects heat back into the atmosphere..Sorry you invested everything in it
Good..let markets prevail..not "gov wish 2B" gods playing favorites..go home old man! Give up 6/10ths of your possessions, LIVE UR message
People have been saying that since you were a pup
Liquid fluoride thorium reactor.
Not all areas can depend on solar. Combination of all available sources is solution
What world are you living in? World Bank data shows that Fossil Fuels for decades have consistently provided over 75-80% of energy needs
EVEN this morons own party didn;t want him in, when will he give the F up
Except at night...
Right. - Clouds
Inefficient energy is the wave of the future.
The Sun God is strong in this one...
Yes, BERNIE YES WHY COULDNT YOU HAVE BEEN PRESIDENT
Because communism is evil.
Sorry Senator, wind/solar can't replace fossil fuels. In fact, they must be paired with them MW for MW
Why can’t we use all available ways for energy???  All of you in DC stop playing politics and do what’s good for us all.
In Vermont in the winter solar isn't going to cut it.  But you know that.
Put solar on your jet Bernie
Yeah... right....
Delusional.
Same line Obama used, but left undone by him for 8 yrs.
Seems like you usually inject the word "free" into things like this...you must be slipping up.
Bernie is not going to happen...the dried up old wind bag.
Solar is so 1500s.
@SharylAttkisson  sorry solar is quite expensive. Actually the answer is all fuels. The market will determine the winner not gov
Bernie, come back when you learn how to tie your shoes.
Whatever you say Barney
Want to bet?
Trump is a p.o.s.
@SharylAttkisson Not anytime soon. 
Coal + gas still 30% in 2040. Solar AND wind at 34%.

How’s that solar grid workin for you Bernie? Get a grip! Until then, many years, we have to rely on fossil fuels, and it’s affordable.
Silly Bernie!  Solar still takes MASSIVE subsidies, is very uncompetitive.  But when you are a socialist, you can use other people's money!
Ur kidding right? Talk to some engineers
Until a tornado or hurricane shows up & bust it to pieces.
Those are going to look spectacular on the wall.
Both can be..and should be f9r lower cost to the people u care about
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

Bernie you're such a funny guy.
