Why is the #GOP okay with a #budget that guts Medicare?

It doesn't impact their #healthcare. PERIOD.
Better yet, the people should have the same health insurance as their elected representatives.
The 10 billion earmarked for a wall that nobody wants should go to Medicaid and Medicare!
That does not help the many problems. The wall is a big part of the homeland security plan. Get with it.
Oh yeah?  Take a good look at today's news and then talk about homeland security!
What would you like to talk about it?
The Constitution was written in the 1700's. The 2nd Amendm refs to "state militia." What the hell do folks need guns for? Combat weapons?
Also huge tax breaks for the billionaire liberals. 
There is no justification for a death tax Assist people have should stay n their family and should not be taxed.
Fuck Americans paying for other Americans this country was founded on gun rights & no taxs. Socialism was never an option
we had a socialist in office once, FDR. He was so popular they had to introduce term limits
Popularity and success are extremely different
are you saying FDR wasn't successful? He ended the great depression and his flagship programs are still running strong today.
War got us out of the depression. He implemented a plain that paid farmers to not farm there lands when people where hungry
The Presidency...
Just another scam to Trump...
A contract broken...
# crime pays hugely for huge criminals....
You should be happy, this way you can pay off your bankruptcy.
this is why a lot of americans are moveing to canada
Good
You can't just move to Canada...they have immigration laws and Americans are not doing this...dumb....check your fax!
Yep, nt lik b4 during t Viet Nam War. Canada s very picky on who it allows in. Thy won't allow U in unless U have legitimate economic spnsor
lol cool
Thank you Bernie for this post. I appreciate your voice on these issues, wish there was more we could do to correct the political theft.
@BernieSanders Socialism has never worked & will never work
Denmark
Taxes dont exactly go away. Gov needs money to function. Those taxes will go to everyone else and when they cant pay it the deficit goes up
and you save a potato since the only dollar you ever earned was given to you by the taxpayer.  SOCIALIST SCUM
You are not entitled to anyone's money except your own. Trump donates his paycheck to the fed. Do you?
Well you DEMORATS cut Medicare 700 Billion. So explain that one.
No conflict of interest here, right? Oh yeah, we can’t confirm or deny that can we? Why can’t we subpoena his tax records to verify? Such BS
AND your plan would have tax the working & poor to death so you can turn around and claim "free medical care."
I'm confused. Trump said he wouldn't benefit at all personally. Who should I believe?
Bernie is just as guilty as all the rest of those politicians. He is a traitor to
More BS from B.S.
Thank you for calling it what it is and using his name when doing so.
And don't give me that crap about our "weak military" We're better than everyone else by leagues
Give it up Sanders. You endorsed #CrookedHillary for a song. And last I checked, tax cuts typically do mean less taxes for people who pay them. What you're suggesting amounts to a hill o' beans. And that's what we'll all be eating. 

PS, How's the lakehouse?
And since there will be no money I guess we should expect to die?  And have no infrastructure & education?
ALL FOR THE MASSIVE GREED OF GOP!
Remember GOP get credit for cuts in Obamacare, CHIP, Medicare, Medicaid,  SNAP, & no aid to Puerto Rico to offset TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES,
Trump makes $1 Billion from TAX CUTS...so he is keeping us distracted  doing disgusting things while until GOP sneak bill TAX CUT bill thru
a gentle reminder.
I explained this from basic operations back in 2013, in fact http://neweconomicperspectives.org/2013/07/drop-it-you-can-call-for-helicopter-money-but-drop-the-call-for-coordination.html … https://twitter.com/stf18/status/914913631183212544 …
Alright Bernie we get it you hate wealth as long as no one looks your way you hypocrite
Rich old white guy abusing his power for profit and greed. Sad!
That's why it makes no sense to try to give tax breaks and increase military spending at the same time. The money has to come from somewhere
Yep just like all the handouts from Obama like healthcare, phones and Hillary with free college. Hypocrites
Don't let it pass then! Hopefully enough republican will see this as evil as the "healthcare" bill.
Sanders has you snowed he wants everyone to give except himself he's a traitor

The estate tax is a double tax, screwing over people who already paid taxes on that money. why don't you retire??  You are a dinosaur.
And your plan would would raise taxes on everyone in America a nd bankrupt our country while destroying our healthcare system.
Mr. Bernie Sanders for the 46th President of the United States of America!  Impeach trump!!!
Did u expect more?  Hardly
You sure come up with some fake numbers, you don't know anything about which you are lying.
Liar
Who voted for this creep, (Trump)? Take away their drivers licenses and get em off the road!
Lies
GOP TAX CUTS TO BILLIONIARES has to be paid for by the middle class. Choose: give up healthcare or pay more taxes
Simplify taxes. Reduce taxes for all. Stop trying to wast my money Bernie!
Estate tax is double taxation, it shouldn’t exist
what about the monies you took from Clinton ?Nice new house Bernie,oh and the money your wife stole.WE WILL NOT FORGET....RETIRE
Shut up Bernie, no one cares, we told you this on Nov 8,!
But Boin, we have SS trust account & medicare funds we send you.
Get over I sorry for you but the country is in good hands after8 years of nothing
This is so wrong!! Didn't the gov borrow from Medicare? Did they pay back??

#TaxReform would allow small business owners to expand their operations—and give raises to hardworking employees. http://bit.ly/2x2aMu1 
This is exactly why a corporate businessman should not be making public/government decisions!
#KeepItUp

Need to actually get RID of Medicare, Medicaid, welfare, and social security. Need laissez-faire free market capitalism
Bernie's agenda is to chase out all employers to other countries, Democrats- from shackles to dependency back to shackles!
I'm depressed. Lost ins. Make 2much 4 gov help, make 2little 2 pay $500 a month. Cold turkey from anti d's. Crying daily. Wish I nvr started
It's always been about him. He has been looking out for himself since stepped foot in office. Using his resorts, his tower to make money.
Medicare is what takes care of my parents at 87 & 91. PLEASE DON'T DO THIS!!!
What's your wife have to say about these tax increases. Find her a new college to plunder yet?
Need #emailtemplate with #Html? Contact me
Trump wants us to have a healthcare plan akin to his helping Puerto Rico. He makes fun of those that need help and sneers at them and tells them to help themselves, even when that is impossible.
Vote No on tax reform. Everyone should call their rep in Washington and say No. RT CALL 202-224-3131
&#x1F603
&#1F602
&#x1F611
Why do you feel the need to lie to the people
Almost as much as barry has cashed in since being forced out of white house.
What are the odds of trump dropping dead before he repeals the estate tax?
NOT!
How else do you expect jobs to be created? Lmao give Congress Medicare/Medicaid and see how long it takes them to fix it
Better than zero taxes from the rich!!!!!!
Why don’t you hand out your money instead of ours #Hillary’sBitch, where’s your donation to Puerto Rico, Texas,Florida... you fake!
Billionaires and millionaires running for President? And Presidents leaving office rich? Time to clean house. Been going on way too long
Cuts for middle class ''ZERO' THIS IS AID FOR THOSE POOR 1% with 99% of wealth including Trump and his cabinet
Tax reform is a house of lies: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2017/09/tax_reform_is_one_big_lie.html?wpsrc=sh_all_dt_tw_top … … via @slate
This is what's happening in Saint Louis Missouri! POLICE STATE! https://www.facebook.com/dstillusion99/posts/10213935155149066 …
Wow just wow
Dats, what they do.
Dats, how they Roll.
Dats, Bull Shit!!!
You only hade to pay a tax of 13.5 percent .
Start offsetting that by giving up you rich salary and sell your new house. Send that money to the govt. do the right thing Bernie
This is beyond outrages....people start calling your Representitives...the Right is so corrupt, please do not put up with this!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8Q62eOJLak …
@realDonaldTrump #NotOnePennyMore
Tell me again how much the democrats stole to start Obamacare. Seems the same to us.
And what does your step daughter get for working at a bankrupt college? People seem to forget you're a career politician. #Shillary #Sellout
Lie.
You are way off base We need to cut spending and reduce recipients. Tax hospitals and reduce excessive billing and fraud by medical industry
Says the man with multiple mansions
The American Aristocracy need to be taken down. We are many they are few.
Bernie! You going to run again????
set the example & propose legislators should NOT have lifelong entitlements. In office, 401ks, same medical as VA.  Leave office, nada.
The estate tax isn't yours to touch. It has already been taxed.
Don't stop Bernie .. we love you
They’re all crooks
Really hate we are stuck with president Rump ( as in horses as...) for 4 years. Can anyone say the antichrist is in the house....
Does He not knows God Sees it All Proverbs 15:1-3 ??
Anyone who thinks billionaires actually pay estate tax now is uninformed. But of course Bernie and his voters don't actually understand how anything works, which is why they're socialist Democrats in the first place.

Bigly .  But yep this is the only reason he wanted to be president. To pay nothing in tax 

The crazy thing is they convince poor whites to support it against their own interests
Handouts for billionaire. Hmmmm
Maybe people would take you more seriously if you stopped preaching about the immorality of the rich while being a rich person?
#GrifterinChief
#WorstPresidentEver + Republican = Americans suffering ,unless your loaded.
Out of touch Trumpites.
It gives everyone tax breaks you donkey!  Maybe you should have stayed in the race instead of selling out to Hillary for a beach house?
And he gets on a podium to tell people how much this #TaxReform plan will personally hurt him. @realDonaldTrump should #Resign
You voted for a bill by 700 billion...
So sad, so predictable...
Leave it to socialists to complain about the people keeping more of what they earned.
They should put that 450 Billion INTO Medicare so we could have #HealthForAll
That's cray cray
He and the other billionares need to be in jail. Theyre stealing from the the rest of us.

@MarkRuffalo@John Cusack@JoeWilson@NikkiHaley@TimScott Follows the money aka Trump is insane n a very greedy sick man. IMPEACH!!

#PuertoRico "Likes" don't help. PLEASE RETWEET-and donate if you can. https://twitter.com/marybrownatl1/status/914116243380146176 …
You were all for cutting Medicare and giving the money to Obama care...HYPOCRISY
Crooked Trump! Crooked Trump! Lock him up! Lock him up! Has a familiar ring to it.
Fact:  Those considered rich  by those making less than 100000 pay nearly all the tax.  So tax cut or not?  Create employment or not?

Rather than disparage the "billionaires" why not praise them for creating jobs. I for one have never worked for a "poor" employer.
Pump the brakes on the pandering and distorting Bernie, the whole President thing, just isn't in the cards for you, my man...
"Taxation" can easily be used as "systematic plunder exacted from citizens under threat of war" Thomas Paine
You forget to tell people that the baby boomers are going out in 5 years.. Which is what you're talking about.  Wont need that much correct!
Uggg That's it, I am moving to Italy and hiding in the small village my family originally came from
What in the name of God are these people trying to do to our country. So sad
We need better than over expensive and awful Medicare. Make it a choice with an assessment of cost or defund it
Things that make you huh!
TAX REFORM MY ASS, MILLION'S TO WEALTHY, CRAP FOR UD, VOTE THESE JERKS OUT OF OFFICE!!!
MILLION'S IN Tax BREAK'S TO THEE WEALTHY, WHILE Puerto Rico is Devastated, REPUBLICAN PARTY do give A CRAP!!  OUST THEM!!!
Senator, did you expect something else from a President that only cares about himself and his inner circle.
So why do you have a problem with that? Not sure why government is in the fairness business. If gov was fair you would not have 3 homes
Class warfare. Power, greed, the 1 percent. We the people of the world need to be one. Notice each time there is an unelected regime.
#BernieHarris2020

It is time for a bill to increase the estate tax on estates worth over $5 million with the money going for health care.
#NotOnePennyMore #MedicareForAll
We must fight back, get raid of mute congress, all GOP. Must go,
IT SUCKS AS USUAL
BS #1. The estate tax hurts many of us Americans who want to pass on a business to relatives.
BS #2. AMT is required by current tax laws forcing us to calculate 2 ways, and pay the higher tax. That law needs to be repealed.
BS #3. Why are businesses taxed unfairly forcing them to move out of country, or close losing more jobs?
BS #4. Everyone will get a tax cut especially the middle class. Yes businesses would also get a tax cut to help them stay in business.
Have you ever owned a business, Bernie? No! You can't operate a business with too many Government regulations and taxes.
Also, I'm not sure where you learned math either because when loopholes are done away with, the rich will pay more tax.
Just remember that if you over tax the rich, their businesses will suffer, and those businesses employ the middle class workers.
Hey Bernie, just checking in to see how the bank fraud investigation is going?
Surprised?
dear senator,idle sitting and eating collapse the nation. Tax cut for working people & jobs producers like feeding milking cows
Same old Repulsicans. TALK about middle class, DO social engineering to benefit the wealthy. How can we turn that?
You old Progressive Socialist ! Hang it up! Go to Cuba !! Stay out of Vermont. You and Dean F@@@k  that State up enough
Bernie. We get you're a socialist. We don't want your socialized HC. Do us a favor and retire. Killary screwed you in 2016. Liar.
If you want to tax the rich, eliminate the deduction for state income taxes. You should be out front on this big loophole for the wealthy.
You wanted to have free college for everyone don't talk about wasting money
We sorry you not our leader Bernie

Clearly you are totally ignorant of how an economy works, why don't you go to Venezuelan and see how you system would work?
Bernie talking like Trump lol, yeah terrible news what did people really think he would work to help them when has he ever done that
Oh no comrade Bernie, the bourgeoisie can’t get away with keeping the state’s money.
WHAT IS THE FIRST PRIORITY? LIVE:
Of course it would
my mom is a nurse and she has a heart condition that needs medical attention and she already can't get what she needs so i'm very afraid
@xemomemex @spacedoutwizard
Trickledown economics only work when theres a reason to spend money on employees, when theres innovation. When you can't innovate, pocket it
Typical for the GOP.
Wonderful, another genius critical of everything except the constant bombastic chatter from his own own mouth.
I agree with you about the GOP tax plan. But we knew they'd do this before the election. So why did you help elect trump by hurting Clinton?
Don’t socialists just hate it when governments reduce taxes.
I'm shocked what a surprise
I knew that was the way it would go!!!
What manner of sociopath cuts Medicare as the entire baby boomer generation ages into it?
GOP just doesn't give up. Government against the people. Government Oligarchy Purveyors should be the new translation for the party letters.
Which one of @SenSanders ' houses did he tweet that from?
@SenSanders If this is true, shouldn't this be consider a violation of the emoluments clause, seeing as he stands to make nearly $1.2B?
file under "No Shit"
It better not cut 1cent from Medicare, which was paid for over the career of most of Trump's supporters. They'll flip on him in a NY second!
Thanks for giving us Trump. You are barely better than him.
We have to understand people who run large corporations are the new high priests, we must idolize them, praise their greed & emulate them.
Well D'uh!
Do you really trust any numbers from the Bern? ??
the ATM must be eliminated, ATM allows the IRS to steal from taxpayers
No it only requires 51 since they're trying to do it under reconciliation.
What this tells us is the Estate Tax is key. That's why they call it a death tax and lie so brazenly about who it impacts. Not family farms!
The BUMS who support you should have their taxes doubled. No more redistribution of wealth, this is a capitalist society
