I've signed-on to the Medicare For All Act introduced by @SenSanders
How you gonna pay for it Bernie?

Thanks, will read during lunch.
Officials spend taxpayer money to boost their war profits, they can certainly find money for universal healthcare
How do you know this athan?
Cuz I don't think you know how insane universal healthcare costs and also the many cons about it
It will be "interesting" to see your "thoughts" when tRump "supports" it to get some "good press" #ManChild
I don't support trump like u think man I personally would've rather had Cruz but I take what I get
The fear of being primaried is real. That being said, I'll take it.
Like what? Tell you monsters under your bed aren't real?

The BernieBros was a myth invented by the Hillary campaign. Read those emails.
Do even the smallest amount of research. They created it, propagated the myth. It wasn't real. It was their strategy.
Enjoy your bubble. It was a failed attempt to galvanize women and when it came to younger women who knew better, it didn't work. At all.
That may be true, but he certainly didn't orchestrate it, so what's your point?
I don't think that Putin has our best interest in mind Hillary was the target of his attack. Getting back at Bill Clinton for Boris Yeltsin
Define "right" please. You throw that term around like it's candy.
For example, the constitution gives you the RIGHT to Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Can't have Life if you're dead from cancer.
You're mixing up the RIGHT to Life with the RIGHT to Healthcare paid by taxpayers. Where in the constitution is the healthcare part?
When the state allows U 2 die when there are hospitals full of medicine run by people making a killing, wheres a poor persons right 2 life?
neither one of you are too bright.. who is going to pay?  are you going to have congress have the same?  or keep your "special" healthcare?
Taxpayers will pay , but they will pay less that with private healthcare
yes, am aware taxpayers will be stuck paying.. but no one knows how much Medicare for All will cost.. CBO was way wrong about ACA..
You guys are king at making ppl feel like privledges are rights.
So affordable health care is a privilege? Got it.
The free market would drive costs down. ACA drove them up
How so? Nobody in the healthcare system is taking a pay cut. Not providers, support, pharma. Nobody. So explain it to me.
A lot of red tape the ACA required raises costs. Yes, some of it is ok, but a lot of it is unnecessarily convoluted
Still waiting on how costs would decrease.
More young and healthy people would buy into it because they wouldn't be charged double to pay for people who can't pay for insurance.
Nope. Try again. You really have nothing. The costs would NOT decrease unless a few things happen. Cost of pharma, eqpmnt, & admin decrease.
Thanks Sen. Shaheen.
Stop socialism. America is great because it is different than crappy socialist countries.
Actually by every reaspnable standard socialist countries are better off
Than why does everybody wanna come here ?

Socialist Agendas do NOT work. ACA failed yet you want it bigger? Nope.
Most developed countries have socialist policies
The American people haven't signed on.

A right to steal services from a provider.
don't tell us, tell angus king

#singlepayershame
Democrats not satisfied destroying healthcare. Now take aim at destroying Medicare. Watch out seniors.  Yet they are exempted. Hypocrites
I told you before lay off the crack pipe you personally are going nowhere!
Thank you Senator Shaheen! #Medicare4All
Bernie,  I want a new Mustang, can you pay for that too?
It would be best to stay out of it. Nothing the government runs works like it is supposed to.
Beginning your Republican 2020 campaigning already?
But you already claim it is a right,  now trying to make it one... But again, not listed in the constitution.
Thank you Bernie....
Thank you Sen.Shaheen and all other Senators who are supporting this much needed & necessary & practical cost saving legislation 2 cover all
Thank you @SenatorShaheen for supporting Medicare for all
Insurers will say this will put them out of businese. I can think of services I'd buy exclusive insurance for: private rooms, name brand Rx.
No, the death panel will let him die because he's worthless
How about health care for everyone except @WalshFreedom
Just make sure medical professionals can make the same type of living as lawyers and book writing politicians
So by "right" do you mean if you're eligible for a program you can actually receive the benefits? @e_j_piper @MinnesotaDHS @jburcum @nytimes
Make a hovercraft a human right too, they need to make those and give me one for free #humanrights
$20T in debt but who's counting? Let's give stuff away by declaring services as rights! What could go wrong?
How about making one pay their bills a right. Oh wait, that's contractual law and they do have rights. Pay your bills before taking more.
32 trillion over 10 years is right... that's laughable!!!! Come up with an idea to stimulate the economy THEN come up with a way to spend!
The first thing that needs to happen is putting caps on how much the medical industry can make off us. We have the most expensive, sad.
@SenSchumer @SenFeinstein join the fight Senators.  #MedicareForAll Join @SenSanders and fight for all Americans.  Diane, you are my senator
Is there an active petition or anything to help make this a reality?
Sen Sanders, pls fight and push Medicare for all 
Bernie you oversaw single payer at the VA. How'd that work out?
20 trillion in debit so what's the alt left solution....add another 32 trillion lol omg these pp are insane!!!!!
Healthcare a right means government healthcare no thanks.
No one, and no senior citizen. should have to choose between co-pays for medications, or rent or food.
Great.. $1.4 Trillion dollars down the drain for something that will not work either
Just like all the money spent since 2001?
Pretty much... Gov works based on highest bidder.
Yes better late than never, so proud of her.
5 LIES-----that the Democrats told about their health care bill

A law built on lies

VIDEOS http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/5243545/1/ …
Shaheen's endorsement lacks enthusiasm
Hey take the fucking vote and deal with it later.
In the UK healthcare is ok, but there is no free lunch. Salestax 20% Income tax up to 45%. Gas $7/gal. Some of this is for Healthcare.
Why not? Won't happen 4 this reason. Donnie's ego will get in the way. Will never support anything that is not "his" idea even if great idea
If the govt should pay for your rights in perpetuity, when are you going to fund my shooting? The 2nd amendment is an actual right.
Your home state rejected your plan http://www.thedailybeast.com/bernie-sanderss-single-payer-health-care-plan-failed-in-vermont …
If you want to make health care free then there needs to be mandatory exercise and food restrictions as well--Also ban on alcohol & smoking.
Lets also ban the occupations of coal mining, painters, welders, mechanics, pilots, machinists, firefighters, cops..<-too risky to ur health
The top health risks stem from obesity, alcoholism & smoking.
Somewhat naive to think that regulating someones choice to drink, smoke, or eat will fix the cost of healthcare.Iwould start with AMA & RUC
People need to take some responsibility for their own health. Why should govt give them free healthcare if they make bad health choices?
The cost doesnt change, just when these people receive treatment. Common misconception. Seriously look up how RUC and AMA manipulate cost
Look at how the VA has been operating and you will get a glimpse of how terrible socialized medicine will be.
That is not really a good comparison since cost predictions have to be adjusted for how many veterans we create...the never ending war thing
Excellent interview on S. Colbert show.
@SenJohnMcCain How about your support? It would be a GREAT thing! Consider all the lives that would be saved. We WILL Remember.
No, but he should vote for the option that would SAVE MORE LIVES.
Where u gonna get the money to pay for this?
Got to give it to the Dems and #BankFraudBernie they all stick together, something that the GOP can't seem to do.
So compelling evidence about the supposed bank fraud has already been found ?
Give it up bank fraud Bernie. We see you for the con you are.
Mouse in your pocket? French? What's up w/this 'we' talk?
Just go away
Hey you two, Just got my new premium notice. $800 to $1200 a month. Please don't give us anymore human rights.. TOO expensive...
Wait, the company you work for doesn't offer benefits, like health insurance? Wow. Find another job my friend.
They should be all thanking you @SenSanders
Really, Sanders should be on his knees thanking Dems who got the ACA passed. They paved the way for UHC and it cost them dearly.
Bernie also wants to send everyone including illegals a million dollar check to get by on let's party 
This 
good luck with that. You cannot, by force, make people provide a service. Keep the govt out of healthcare.
And Bernies paying so let's party
Thank you for fighting for our country.

Here: I fixed that for you.
The further you claw into the dem politicians the less big pharma may offer centrist dems in kickbacks & that may be the turning point. #win
Seriously, have any Republicans come out for this yet? No? Sure, I'd love a single payer system, but this is fantasy talk.
I thouggt Obama was doing  that 8 years ago. He just made me pay more with less services. And forced me to buy it. Kicking me when im down
even though I dont care for the people who surrounded your campaign I want to see early medicare buy in at 55
Thank you!
This sounds great but how will we pay for it?
You couldn't even have universal healthcare in your state of Vermont that has a population of under 750k.
In 2 years I hope we can take back the house & senate. I have trouble with insurance & need my mental healthcare to stay stable & functional
Of course you would work with someone who's husband is a drug dealer ringleader. @State0fCorrupt #mikegill
Don't run in 2020
Don't like that
 government healthcare for all... Has anyone seen Venezuela lately?

Good luck. You'll need Republicans for this to pass, and they want Medicare cut/gone, not for everyone. Its not happening.
How Many @SenateDems Is That So Far @BernieSanders! We're Still Waiting For LAZY @SenBobCasey To Sign on To #Medicare4All {@PhillyInquirer
Thank you both!
We can #DoBetter when we #DoMoreTogether
#MedicareForAll
Social Engineering 
Bernie's new twitter handle: (@)BankruptBernie. #MAGA!
Your a violent person your always referencing fight. Were you beat up as a kid for your lunch money.
Yuck. That is one stinky red herring you've got there. Shall we pass the tartar sauce?

I love the idea. I have serious concerns and I don't feel those are being addressed
I feel a consensus.
Keep up the good fight for all-round Healthcare, sir!
Do u support single payer healthcare
are you on it?
So you're a freeloader.  Why don't you have insurance? That's sad.
