What’s your annual income (honestly earned that is - as in don’t count the wife’s) there ole Bern?
What does his income have to do with anything? So, he can afford prescriptions, but is concerned about people that can't. A GOOD quality.
Um, no. He's talking about healthcare. This was a reply to his tweet about healthcare. Oh and you retweeted YOURSELF.
Birth control isnnit healthcare
yes, it is. many women take birth control for menstrual cramps, POI, and endometriosis, to name a few.
And can buy bc for $5/mo from WalMart. So...point invalidated. I call bs. Ur just a talking head repeating what they’ve trained u 2 say.Sad.
and viagra is healthcare? this is astoundingly stupid
I don’t need nor consume viagra. But if you want to get your jig on some men may need it. Seems you’d be begging for your man 2 have viagra
I feel like the people complaining about the ACA don't realize the fact it was shredded by the republicans before it passed.
True - many of its weaknesses are due to concessions made to republicans in an effort to be bipartisan + some states' refusals to expand
Which is why I feel like it's not super fair to get pissed at Dems and the bill itself.  It definitely needs fixed, but it was a casualty.
My prescription. Just 30 pills. 1 month supply. Without it, my terminal cancer will progress quickly. Truly life and death.
Do people realize it cost a person with Lung Cancer, $22,800 every time they sit in that Chemo chair? In my case, it's every 3 weeks!
That's not Obamacare, that's lack of regulation of big pharma and health care providers. Definitely needs to be addressed!
Exactly. Ugh.
Just so you know, I'm not on Obama Care! I'm on Medicare plus I have a Atvantage Plan..i pay $500. A month for insurance.
Great. Lower healthcare costs instead of trying to expand what's covered when there won't be any way to pay for it!
It works all over the world.
All over the world doesn't have 320 million in one country and lazy bums who feel entitled.
It's like socialism, if everyone did their fair share it'd be great. That'll never happen though
I hear you but it's just sad.
It's sad but no one is focusing on the actual problem. Which is cost, not insurance
But insurance is a waste too.
Insurance will be forced to come back in line when costs are reduced.
Inexcusable for Big Pharma to make obscene money when millions of Americans go w/o meds bc they can't afford them.
https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/912491267589853184 …
Maybe stop taxing small businesses, they can employ more people, who will be able to afford prescriptions. It makes sense, Comrade.
One of my Diabetes meds (Trulicity) went up last month almost $200 instead of $25... I now take 5 more units of Toujeo.. there goes my 6.4 A1C ... thanks #ELILILY and Company! NOT!
My #ACA #OBAMACARE is important to me!!!!
$2.9Bil from 1998- 2014 on lobbying exp & $15 billion in campaign contribution in 2013-2014. How much 2 each party? Who's still in office?
Talk to your colleague @Sen_JoeManchin WV, whose daughter 
Heather Bresch is the CEO of Mylan, & made 641% raise-while charging $600/Epipen.
You sure talk a lot Bernie , get with Trump and work together to get something accomplished instead of making noise.
Yes, but they also have to pay for R&D or we don't get new better drugs.
True but 10x is spent on marketing vs R&D + proven that life saving/cancer drugs arbitrarily priced exorbitantly...need regulation
I'm not saying you're wrong, but donyou have a reference for that?
Grrr for having me do some work lol - highly recommend watching the John Oliver episode on the topic
Will do, thanks
I'm sure your commie system will invent the next cure for cancer just by government dictat
JUST 1 OF MY RX'S IS $570.00 FOR A 30 DAY SUPPLY. THIS MED IS GENERIC & VERY OLD! THAT IS 1/3 OF MY INCOME! WHAT A BUNCH OF BULLSHIT!!
Than buy the pharma companies and change it.
I skip days or half pills because I can't always afford it.
Way fewer than 1 in 5 can afford 3 homes like Bernie can. Something has 2 change. Why should Bernie own three homes when so many own zero?
You're worried about Bernie having homes. Look what Trump has.
We should take all athletes, musicians, actors and politicians money they don't need and pool it together. Then tax the churches.
Politicians should have lower salaries with caps and be required to carry the same insurance benefits the rest of us do.
You go on about healthcare yet have no compassion for persecution the NFL lays on trans ppl #transleaders #transleadersNFL #TakeAKnee
Agreed,u go girl!Why hasnt Bernie talked about this issue?Better question:where the fuck was Bernie when trans ppl were dyin in the streets?
#medicare4all saves money & lives... @GOP answers to wall street & that's why they don't want to Rx & HC... the 1% & STOCKHOLDERS!
Know what will fix this quick? Capitalism and free market
Is that supposed to be ironic? That's exactly what created this problem.
because of o care. the DEMS stabbled americans in the back with o care.  it is perfect they said.
You realize Obamacare is the ACA, which is something @SenSanders wants to fix, not get rid of, right?
we were told o care was perfect.  it does not need fixing.  live with it. it is the DEMS fault for a faulty o care.
Those at the top are set for life!  People with compassion for the less fortunate appear to be the one(s) who have the toughest battles.
And CEO's in general, when they do wrong and are let go, retire etc... they still make out, collecting MILLIONS of $$ in severance pay
EXACTLY...
Yes We need the insurance you and fellow Senators have! Nothing less.
I guess we should all move to Canada.
Distribute US healthcare approach all over the world ?
You got that right.  Greedy pharma must be stopped.
You and government created them your the cancer not the cure.
you're*
Yeah yeah yeah I saw it didn't have time to tetweet it
I agree.....get it done what r u waiting for??
My god. Ima canadian and i am soooo sorry for you Americans i get free health care.
But I also atand and speak out on Trump every single day.. I fight with real Americans. The ones that hate Trump and want him out or in jail
Yeah and many more can't actually afford insurance because of what Obamacare has done.. let's start with that
They can produce meds for like 10 dollars a pill but charge 100
It seems like the more someone need meds to keep them alive the more these pharma. Jack up the prices that type of thinking it what's wrong
Yeah and how much do u make. You flipping hypocrite.
All you do is grandstand and say Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah stop and do something!
More like 10's of millions
3 in 5 adults in America can't sleep because of a diabolical conman running the country. This has got to change.
So what in the fuck are you going to do about it. Admit it! YOU won't do shit.
Anyone can complain about problem but U NEVER discuss detailed solution!  Embarrassing them in congress isn't solution.  Where's UR BILL?
So true
I just received a script for antibiotics because of surgery last Monday. Broke so I have to take my chances!
Not enough money for you Bernie ?
It's called Capitalism and you done well with it .
@SenatorCardin @ChrisVanHollen We must work on a national healthcare plan!
Change would require voters to stop electing those who are beholden to Wall Street, regardless of Party.
You're still alive Bernie?
Even when they are fired for doing a bad job, they get paid millions to leave?
4u guys who r seriously ill There is help 4u everywhere But4 the millions of others Its crazy2 bankrupt our country becuz of slothfulness
Enforce anti-trust laws then. Why give a, by your assertion, corrupt gov more power of people's lives
STOP WITH YOUR FAKE SINCERENESS! PLEASE STOP TRYING TO HURT AMERICA, JUST BECUZ U KNOW THERE R IGNORANT PPL OUT THERE U SHOULD USE THEM
Now? Add these two IDIOTS?
I am one of them. Type 1 Diabetes is a disease that will kill me untreated, but also because I can’t afford to treat it. #healthcaredebate
There is a lot that needs to change, nothing ever does. Bernie u are in the back pocket of the wealthy just like all your cronies
and yet you, @SenSanders, are perfectly ok with your own millions. Hypocrisy!
You are so right #HealthCareDebate
Big Pharm, big goverment and big checks to spoiled brat NFL & Kardashians.
Obama said same thing and NOTHING was done. CEOs made more than ever under Obama
all pharma advertisements are on big medias.. connect the dots, very hard to trust theses anchors, just pay attention to theses screens!
So true know people who can't afford their insulin
SO how do we make the people that OWN US LOCK, STOCK AND BARREL & don't care if we die honest?
You voted for obamacare and rejected every amendment to allow people access to cheaper drugs as did the rest of the democrats.Quit whining.
$276.00 4 Crestor up from $30.00!!!! Shame on U Pharmaceutical Cos! Highway Robbery! This is a disgrace! GREED! EB 
Hell yeah. NJ voters, check out @KaperDaleForGov who is committed to creating single payer healthcare for all. No more insurance companies!
That is extreme injustice in action
Blood money.
Yes thanks to you voting Obama care.....
Let's change that!
I agree with you here. But who are your big donors Bernie and the lobbyists you work for. At least keep it 
#MedicareForAll
2 prescriptions neither covered by my otherwise great insurance. Lidocaine patches $340. Lyrica $500. A mnth  wow I could've  afford jaguar
And  insurance ceo's, hospital ceo's, medical device mfg. ceo's, and politicians that take their money & for their bidding.
Thank you for fighting for us. I hope that the Awan saga doesn't take you down as collateral damage. #DNCFraudLawsuit #SpyRingInCongress
Can we stop pretending the CEO's are the only ones making 7-8 figures? CIO, COO, CFO- regional managers, consultants, etc. etc. It's obscene
Bernie, you only need one house, not three.  Sell two and give the money to Ginger Fanilow.  You don't need your full salary either.
Most people can't afford a home. You have 3 and that has to change. Hypocrite!!
Bernie makes millions producing nothing of value to anyone if he gets his way he would be CEO of a failing bankrupt chaotic America
Got a plan, or just a platitude?
Over half s million homeless in the USA and you have three houses - that has got to change
Take medicine out of the hands of profiteers
The same adults who pay hundreds of dollars to attend sporting events and watch overpaid athletes? Stop bashing pharma @SenSanders
He literally just introduced his plan last week...
One in five adults in America cannot afford their prescriptions while congress makes millions. That has got to change. #HealthCareDebate
Speed up the FDA process you will have more generics and the brands can't charge crazy prices.  You really just don't get it
Do you know how much it's costs to work with the FDA to file for a generic drug 2 plus million and 2 years.
Do you realize Walmart has a $4.00 generic prescription program.  100s and 100s of generics 30 day supply $4.  What are you talking about?
So what are you doing about it?

#PBH710
Agree, how about regulating prices for medical services? The prices are not the same when billing Medicaid, private or non-insured
Which one of your 3 houses are you selling to help pay for people's scripts? Maybe the 1 Hillary bought you? Hypocrite Sellout!
Why not? Thought ObamaCare solves all that?
Sir, your passion for humanity warmth the hearts of millions. Thank you for that and God bless you for your good deed!
Maybe they would change things up if THE PEOPLE stood up and held them responsible. Post the CEO's names & addresses. #DropOnBy
Is that before and after you took office?
Now your talking. And tort reform too!!!
I would just settle for capping senators pay.
Right. Only politicians like you should make millions while your socialist fan base starves, right?
Medicare part D deductible for 2018 higher. I hit the donut hole every year & that puts a strain on my finances.
We have to deal with the cost of care. A new path https://m.forbes.com/sites/carolynmcclanahan/2017/03/27/rising-from-the-ashes-a-novel-bipartisan-approach-to-health-care-reform/?s=trending#370582e31362 … @CarolynMcC
I've been out of my heart medications for three weeks, because of the cost.

#PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief SEND WATER @Aquafina @dasaniwater @PolandSpringWtr @NestleUSA @ArrowheadWater
#HealthCareDebate #theresistance 
open up Free market competition

Sometimes the sandman makes sense
Why should government have the right to tell private companies how much they can pay their employees? That's SICK. #HealthCareDebate
Phrma CEOs make aprox. 600 Times worker pay!
Oh & your going to fix it?
Yes I agree. They should go back to school, have a career and buy a health care. It's time to grow up now. Everyone should be millionaires
How about you? I didn't realize you were riding the middle class or poverty line like the rest of us.
Our politicians make millions, on top of their salaries and do nothing for the people who elected them. That has got to change.
Actually and I suppose embarrassingly:
That has to change in Canada as well!
Pharma and Dental are still missing.
I’m pretty sure that’s what trump is pushing for. @SenSanders you just have to read it 1st. Don’t say know because you’re a democrat.
Agreed. (which is rare with @SenSanders)
Fuken greedy little people in charge only $$$$ in there eyes narcissistic lack of empathy scum
Revisit that med D penalty. It's a life sentence 
You have no idea. Don’t even get me going on diabetes help from ins. Deny deny deny. Ridiculous.

Don't forget these guys' salaries.
Unless and until Senators, House Reps, Governors and politicians stop taking money from Wall Street, that ain't going to happen.
Poor "do not work hard enough" even working twice as many hours as rich... but no one chooses parents, genes, country and rights.
Billions
Good points and thank you for your effort all this time~its a sickness to think there is a pill for everything while half the time it harms.
Insulin should be FREE to EVERY American who needs it to survive
Why? Why should the people that work to make insulin in some lab not be compensated for their work? Do you get paid at your job?
Bernie's barber has to change!!
I literally can't afford to get my medication right now...trying to figure out how and which bills will go unpaid for a while.
I saw first hand,  people that had #medicare still struggled to pay for rx medications.  And #CassidyGraham wants to cut Medicare?
How about working first on regulating prices for medications, cost of supplies, streamlining administrative work?
Word, Bernie....
Relieve the pharma corpos of their sweet patent monopolies, Senator!
I'm the one.
As a pharm tech, I have horror stories about pharmaceutical price gouging...I still can't wrap my head around so much of it.
Uno de cada 5 adultos en USA no pueden permitirse sus recetas mientras DUEÑOS de Farmacéuticas ganan millones. Eso y iene que cambiar.
Obamacare is a disaster.  Designed to fail in order to crash the worlds best hC system in order to usher in a crappy version of Canada
If you think millions of people getting affordable coverage is a disaster, what do you call the situation in #PuertoRico right now seriously
I call fining millions of people and increasing the cost of insurance by 300% a total man made disaster.
Current cost of my cancer medication Ibrance after insurance $11,110 #cannotAffordToLive
Thanks Obamacare, bet you can afford your schizophrenia medicine.  Oh that's right, cause your rich.
Bring back my old insurance then!!!
Replace Congress 2018 with a People's Congress.
The millionaire and billionaires have always waged class warfare on the rest of us and Congress have been complicit.
The only way this would ever change is if  ppl started dragging the 1% out of their gilded towers & executing them right out in the street.
Most adults in America cannot afford their insurance premiums brought on by the ACA.
Let's stop celebrating Martin Luther king day to protest brutality on police! Same thing!
Because of obama care.
Preach it dad
So do Congress men& women, while enjoying great healthcare, doing nothing as usual for Americans, hypocrites
When oh when oh when ?!?!?
But @SenSanders YOU TOOK BIG PHARMA $$$ while running for office!!  In fact, you made top 20 list of most received from big pharma!
In 2014, the salary for the CEO of Cigna was 0.07% of the companys 2016 revenue of ~$68 BILLION.
But, but Obamacare was going to fix this. What happened?
One in ten adults in America watch Game of Thrones and don't have pet Dragons while @SpaceX is planning to send people to mars. #RELATED?
Two out of twelve of the adults in my family were murdered by your VA.
Can you please call Lindsey out on his lie about @PPact "selling body parts" since @jaketapper has abdicated his responsibilities.
The bigger problem is our need for medication. Physical fitness and diet big factors. Let's eliminate/reduce the need for medication.
Very good point. And to be fair, I fall into this with BP meds when I know I could eat way better.
I could definitely use some Psych meds. I get the point though. Medical cost are through the roof, Driving insurance cost up. Has to change.
Agreed 100%
Wow you finally said something I agree with... Obama did nothing to stop them... we also need tort reform put in place...
Democratic socialism only way to redress the obscene imbalance of wealth & power held by 1% & the corporate parasites feeding off the people
"democratic" socialism is NO different than plain Socialism. Just add a word and fool the masses of ignorant, right?
U need social justice now,to readdress the distribution of wealth, opportunities, and privileges within your society
Our inspirational international guest speaker, @NaomiAKlein. #Lab17 
Start with you Bernie.  How much you and your wife make?
My neighbor is a pharma CEO, and he made 40 million last year, that money wouldn't go to him with single payer
If YOU live near a neighbor that makes 40 Mil then obviously you are wealthy too. What are you contributing personally?
When Legislators stop filling their pockets with Big Pharmacy money then we'll have laws that regulate the cost.
This is caused by the policies supported by your side, it drove up medical costs. Now you're going to add even more parasitic socialism.
The Federal Employee system could provide insurance to everyone without bureaucrats controlling healthcare systems.
Thanks Obamacare.
If this new “health care” bill passes, I will die. No question. My daughter will be left w/o her mom because greed is more important. #truth
Why don't you invent the life saving pharma products and give them away?
Yea, one of my prescription supposedly is $6500+ for TWO doses. 40 mg each That's it.
Because for eight years we’ve had Obama care which failed the American public democrats Republicans independence and even socialist pigs

Because people in the US are just fine w/going bankrupt over medical bills, while insurance company CEOs make $100,000 a day #SinglePayerNow 
I'm willing to pay my insurance premium to Medicare. Is that socialized medicine? Sounds like socialized health insurance. I'm for it!
As long as we treat health care as a commodity for sell.  We are subjected to health care biz holding us hostage.
Thats not bad. You and your uber wealthy friends should give back for healthcare.
Agree, but -- How to make that change happen though?
And Socialism isn't the way to change it!
Bernie wad brilliant in the debate. Cassidy thinks he's some version of Joel Osteen or something. So much drama...so little facts and sata.
Yes! We need the 1 who is working to pay for the 4 unemployed/undocumented not. It's only fair to share with those who have less.
Agree!  No more gazillionnairres paid for out of pockets of sick people.
@sensanders Agreed thanks for nothing Obama, hopefully Trump can save us
I totally agree.  You know what's really weird?  I had great insurance and we could have afforded my child's insulin then prior to "ACA".
The cost of mine tripled in 4 years !!   I just went with Medi-cal and did know it had gone up.  #StopTheMadness
Yes! Lower taxes so people have more to spend!
Thank you Senator Sanders!
Problems not CEOs it's the insurance companies that set prices We dont need reform in the medical it needs to be in the insurance companies
#VoteNoGrahamCassidy
There is no reason on the planet a $25/- copay sponsored program is also $50k/- yr cost for those who don't qualify.  That's insane! Drugs!
