Would Republican healthcare be as bad as your wife's estimates of how much money she can raise to pay-off a loan?
Accounting is NOT a Sanders strong point! Neither is telling the truth, come to think of it....
Be quiet 
Check out how good free healthcare works in Canada & other countries! Canadians run to America for emergencies!
It is more disastrous for our country and hard working people who have to pay for dead beats who want work but suck off the govt tit.
All Ohioans know how disastrous Obama care IS they're living with the misery everyday. Bernie Sanders is BS
The ACA needs to be replaced with a single payer plan. Nothing less.
Thank the good lord that will never happen in the US...quit begging
In 3.5 years, when a liberal candidate wins it will happen. There are literally no reasons not to do it. Do you have any argument against it
U try to push ur dead end agenda
False....thousands of people are deceived by Bernie & CNN who spew lies about the bill.  Anthem ins supports bill..says will enhance market.
Do you have Obamacare?

You're not welcome in the flyover states Senator - we don't like the enlightened out of touch elitist lecturing us. Go home & leave us alone
I wish @senrobportman reflected what we know. He sucks. So does @Jim_Jordan.
I am so proud of our American neighbors fighting for their rights and not just marching into their graves.
ryrSa
Here's one Ohioan that disagrees - that knows definitively how disastrous Obamacare has been.  Go back to Vermont - stay out of our state
Using the numbers here 700,000 increase is 6% of population. He states uninsured dropped from 40% to 5%= 35% . So 29% stopped seeing DR. ?
I luv u
Everyone who walks through an ER door has never been refused medical care....Look for it to still be the primary source for HC for millions.
I've seen you mention ohio and West Virgina, do you ever stop running for president? Don't you represent Vermont?
as opposed to what is happening to them now via Obamacare?  LOL
#Trumpcare = Death To Americans
156 students got ripped off by ur wife. Paid ur daughter $500k for teaching wood working and your lecturing the GOP?
Sounds like u need a vacation the Caribbean Resort ur wife funneled money too...I'm sure they will give u a sweet heart deal!
Health Insurance is a personal responsibility.  Good health care is a private sector responsibility.  Gov. involvement just screws it up.
Disastrous:  Sanders pans FBI probe of wife as ‘pathetic,’ but the allegations against her are serious |
Fraud
Fed pays for STATE Medicare extensions.  New bill removes this from Fed and transfers to the state. Net 0 loss?  What's the real analysis?
ACA requires 22M to have health care.  New bill does not require.  What's the real effect.  22M are picked up by other means?
Only if they believe the progressive propaganda billshit you frauds have been feeding them.
so nice that you could take time away from undermining the democratic party . . .
Bank loans and the FBI... please tell us what's going on
Bern, you like single payer. Single Payer in the US does not work (TRICARE, VA).Sweden, issues. Britain, issues. Canada, issues. WTF Bernie?
I do not understand your logic?
well at least the whole state isn't filled with #morons since there are millions who live there. #ShadySanders #BankFraudBernie
Keep fighting
Men in whites coats....
what lies PP is fake you are lying again
ACA was never funded. It was designed by well meaning idiots. The cost of free healthcare is your freedom and diminished healthcare.
Millions of Americans know how disastrous socialism is too
I hope someone in the White House  listen.
Thank you Bernie, btw how is your fraud investigation going
Agreed Bernie, we must keep the govt out of healthcare.
Hey Bank Fraud Bernie, we see you're lawyering up!
keep up the good fight bernie, we have to keep our taxpayer funded abortions and keep sheep dependent on the state. you make our party great
Get s job then
All those women's services can be found at the Health Dept also
Bernie keep saying healthcare healthcare so no one will concentrate on bankfraud , , bankfraud. How's your wife look in orange???
Why don't u worry about FBI investigation?
The good people of Ohio are having a devastating opiate crisis and need help.
And Vermonters know what a joke you are. #BankFraudBernie   So much fake news from Dems. All untrustworthy
Immigrants and the poor desperately need liberals. Republicans know this. Is it weird they immediately frustrate immigration & healthcare?
Did you tell them it's because democrats fucked up. You blame them for everything else. Stop playing blame game and DO SOMETHING!!!
And Anthem pulled out of Ohio under #ACA. That puts the disaster on #Obamacare and the #Dems
Bernie Hypocrite Liberal Loser, how many do you think knew how disastrous Obamacareless was going to be. All of them and YOU did nothing!!
I thought you were a senator for Vermont?? do you not know who voted for you??
Millions of Americans, having experienced the VA & the threat of a bankrupt Medicare know how disastrous govt run #SinglePayer healthcare is
Yes it so bad that people will have a choice to select their medical plan and doctor and not to be a slave of the government. Terrible plan
Because Obamacare is just working out so well for them.
Thousands for Obozocare, millions against it. Only a Socialist makes the many suffer for the few. Bernie has his you can't have yours. #MAGA
@SharylAttkisson For everyone who might be "hurt" there are 3 people who would be helped, with a reprieve from 3x or 4x premium hikes.
I think we need to force union workers into Obamacare market and the Mr. Sanders would be insisting it be repealed. Unions know it's garbage
Quit lying
Makes me want to embezzle money from a small college, and buy a 3rd home....
Drain the swamp vote Bernie out.
They sure found out how bad Obamacare was.
Bernie Sanders - How come your State Vermont doesn't have Free College but New York has it ?

Isn't that a red state, though? Don't they like big business?
So the tenth amendment out socialism in thanks Ohio. Who pays for medic aid expansion? We the people!
Ur correct Bernie there living threw Ocare now GOP is just another Canadian turkey
And I know first hand how disastrous Obamacare is.
Really?
Nice houses. 
Nice car. 
#FraudInvestigation
Were you paid off by clinton?
we also know how disastrous bank fraud is
@SharylAttkisson why us govt involved in health insurance?
How much did you pay this actor with his cheerleaders ? Rand Paul & Ben Carson are also doctors, they say Obo care must go.
Zzz zzzz
The sad thing is how many idiots that voted for moron POTUS will be affected? Thousands. It's a shame that they will make others suffer
Yeah, how bad a candidate and party would you have to be to actually LOSE to such a "moron"?
#BernieBankFraud
206% increase in premiums in Alaska dude! Freaking hippie!

You mean thousands of libèrals want Ohioans to believe it would be bad for the state.
But they still voted for trump
Just the loser ones that don't work and live off the government and follow bankfraudbernie
How's that OCare working for them?
Pretty sad that you have to pay your daughters $150k to work on your campaign...sure is easy to spend other people's money!
@SharylAttkisson 
See you and your wife in jail Bernie
@SharylAttkisson #BernieBankFraud
@SharylAttkisson Couldn't be any worse then ACA or a single payer but all are worse then a Free Market Solution!Full Repeal!
Obamacare is failing now because it was rushed thru! It has to be fixed or replaced.
Quit preying on the weak Bernie Sanders. Nobody's going to die. No one died before healthcare.
You mean like the monstrosity we have now, which you voted for and continue to support? You have no standing to criticize another bill
As opposed to millions of Americans knowing how disastrous Bernie's socialist policies would be for the country.
You already won you old Sod ... the govt has no business running healthcare, yet here we ACA part II ... the whole thing stinks
Thousands?  Does that mean 1,001 or what?  Bc #obamacare has been devastating here. #goodriddance
@SharylAttkisson  wait. He just contradicted himself. He says he takes in anyone w insurance or wout and yet people will die?
Your lawyer called. Time for a plea bargain.
Me and thousands of Ohioans know what it's like having premiums and deductibles doubled while watching you buy 3 homes and steal 10 mil
Since when are you a Senator from Ohio?
How about you. You are even more disastrous for America. You and your wife are under investigation for fraud.
Blame Cowardly Kasich he accepted the Medicaid expansion from the Liar in Chief & now has to figure out a way to pay for it.  
Thousands of middle class Ohioans with high deductible plans already know how disastrous the ACA is. They wish they could have Medicaid
@SharylAttkisson You've proven beyond a shadow of doubt to be a career corrupt criminal politician it's time to lie low
@SharylAttkisson Liar. How's that FBI investigation going? You belong in jail.
Are you enjoying waterfront house Hillary AssKisser? You sold out people who voted for you ,hypocrite
You are the subject of an FBI investigation. Shut up.
Whatever you do Ohio, don't lend the old commie $10 million!
How can they know how bad it is if nobody knows what's in it?

Yes, we hear ya but can we talk about those FBI agents seen at your house?
No, all they know is the propaganda being peddled by both sides!
Be nice to wait til there is a final bill before you fear monger. And calling an increase in Medicaid funding a "cut" is disengenuous
You are a liar
Just being sarcastic.  I want everyone to be well, unlike GOP congress and those who mistakenly think ACA is welfare
Maybe the Trump voters should all have the new plans & rest of us will work with the ACA toward single payer for those that want 2 B healthy
You do realize that single payer money comes from higher taxes on everyone including you.
LIES AS USUAL.
Propaganda
FRAUDULENT, CHRISTIAN HATING BERNIE THE BIGOT.
Iowa has no carriers due to Obamacare.   F Iowa yeah Ohio?
SCROTUS CARE.
But they don't know how disastrous #Obamacare is for the country and honest hard working healthy ppl.
See people don't need health coverage.  This Dr will fix anybody up with or without insurance. Everyone move to Ohio.
Yet they voted for this administration???
But they couldn't get out the vote to turn this tyrant away?
To be fair though they voted for trump.... he called them all idiots and they still voted for him 
My daughter is 25, and has been diagnosed with Psoriatic Arthritis and severe Fibromyalgia. She will suffer endlessly. 
Curious, why is their Governor silent? At least one of their Senators speaks, however hoarsely.
DISASTROUS  CANADA WHEN I LAND IN OHIO 2 EXPLAIN WHY I AM THE WAY I AM AFTER 28 YRS OF GOV CORRUPT INHUMANE ACTS THEY HIDE UNDER GLASS CEIL
Bern, I would bet that less than .0000001% of Ohioans have read the bill!!  How can they be afraid?You make this up as you go???
geoglyphs of snakes eating eggs or she just loves organized crime, but she did I remember make specific mention of going there
Speculation... Obamacare IS destroying the middle class.
#newsflash Obama's not the president anymore lol
WTF does that have to do with anything? The ACA is still in effect... mandatory healthcare, steals from the middle class, the rich... never
Have you even read the senate bill? If you haven't, don't even try to talk to me. Unlike you, I educate myself by reading the ACTUAL BILL
The actual bill? Could you send me a link to that? Of course I'm referring to policy that's in place and not speculation on a bill that not
Yeah you know that piece of paper the senate wrote on that has the actual language of the bill. lol
LMAO sarcasm. Apparently you don't have the intelligence. It's okay sweetheart. You get back in that kitchen and eat your heart out
the only thing interesting about that is why Bernice benias does lots of "business" in Ohio, not sure if she's obsessed with
You and your wife are cancer. Good thing cancers are covered under the new healthcare bill!
Boohoo
How's that fraud investigation going, Bernie?
Because their big liberal republican governor took the nanny cash to expand the Govt influence. Fix problem and no Govt social fund needed.
Thousands (millions) of Americans know how disastrous you and your wife are. I hope the corruption is coming to an end. #Lockthemup
You're right.The Republicans have noheart for the disabled andelderly that depend on Medicaid,which they are cutting by 800 billion dollars
I hope @robportman and his staff see this
What healthcare plan does your family have @SenSanders ?????
Thousands of Ohioans have been screwed over by O'care and want it gone!!!
The GOP could care less about your healthcare. It's all about the money they can funnel back to the rich. D.T. supporter's btr wake up!
Aren't you under federal investigation for bank fraud?
Like Obama  care??????
 oh… so sad… wait, who did #Ohio vote to be President?? oof! I guess stay #poorAndWhite, Ohio…
#feelTheBern #semperFi #semperDumb
This kinda shit is why Trump won, and if y'all keep it up its why he'll win again.
Also your beloved Bernie is under a fraud investigation
Call it what it is -  #Deathcare
Both are equally destructive. The most proficient solution to the problem is to eliminate governmentally subsidized healthcare as a whole.
THEN THE DEMOCRATS CAN'T MAKE MONEY OFF IT!!
Bernie what the Republicans can do is establish Trump housing and crematoriums for elderly next to one another
Having insurance with a 5K price tag and $6K deductible is not useable unless you own 3 homes one paid for by the DNC.
Aren't you the senator for VT? 
So desperate to give "free" healthcare to people who do not freely care about their healthcare. Makes no sense.
You supporters help hurt Obama care and u lead that charge which responsible for this mess shame on you
Obamacare hurt itself. JUST AS PREDICTED.  Bad ideas yield bad results.
get out your dictionary and look up unsustainable....Defund planned parenthood and use that money is a good start.
Is that the same Ohio that voted for Trump?
I was just about to ask the same question! They believed Clinton had Parkinson's and all BS blah blah and then voted against  themselves!
Bernie shouldn't lie about medicaid.
Senator Portman should be absolutely bombarded over July 4 with strong messages from Ohio voters not to support the horrible bill
Like obama care wasn't!!!
