My sister died at 40 from complications of lupus. Husband was laid off & didn't have insurance. Was taking half her meds. #MedicareForAll
While a tragedy, not our responsibility to pay for her treatment. Plan for the worst.
Their plan was for him to keep his job. But "need" for higher corporate profits nixed that right away.
Well if you prepare for the worst & are an asset & a professional in your line of work, then I have no doubt in your ability to find a job
And if you are a worker on an assembly line for aircraft company that laid you off for a bump in their stock? What? Cold. Heartless.
I guess you should've made yourself more marketable than an assembly line worker...or start your own business. You're chasing your tail.
Douchebag.
Just saying. Surely someone kept their job over him. Companies keep their most productive workers generally.
Vulnerable people shouldn't have to worry about going bankrupt from bills, setting back their earning potential for the rest of their lives.
So the people who work hard and have higher earning potential lose that progress when they fund the program and therefore have less money?
They're discussing abour health-care, not taxes
Someone has to pay for it
Or cutting from the army budget? Or the gov't should reconsider which they should prioritize first?
Even if you cut the budget of the military you cant cover 32 trillion over 10 years. Miltary is 601 Billion a year
More here, it's impossible to fund
For context, American GDP in 2017 was $19 trillion https://twitter.com/charlescwcooke/status/908032449376145408 …
That doesn't give more context. Insurance companies cause medical costs to increase. Removing their need lowers costs.
1. No one should profit from the pain and suffering of someone else.
2. Healthcare is not insurance. You buy insurance in hopes you will /1
never use it. You will use your healthcare. 
3. Pain is the great equalizer. You may be fine today. One day you won't be. 
4. We need it. /2
drug companies will not be able to charge outrageous prices for prescriptions. Attorney's won't have the ability to do huge class action /5
Stop the campaign finance first then it will force proper pricing??
It doesn't cost $250 to bring me a pill in Dixie  cup at bed side ????
Because everyone deserves healthcare, they can afford. Also dental,since most disease, heart,etc. starts orally. It's a fact!
Equal opportunity
We don't
Because my 85 year old father has been in the hospital and a rehab center for almost 3 months and the bills didn't kill us. #MedicareForAll
We are being raked over the coals by the mega rich insurance industry.
.. Why shouldn't you have it? Someone explains me that. I'm French, I'm baffled everytime US people share their health-related bill stories.
A unified and organized system will streamline and bring down costs for all.
Yea just look at how great our public schools are.  DERP!
We're a middle-class family buried in medical bills just from having kids. #MedicareForAll
He told stories about me in the world, The Gerald R. Ford.
Because I want to push the United States into bankruptcy
Departments full of people at each hospital to negotiate contracts, collect copay, file claims, coding and abstracting, process denials, etc
Because for too long our healthcare system has been based on wealth instead of on the needs of the sick.
Some things just shouldn't be commodified, not everything is about profit! If you're breathing you need basic healthcare
Yeah,for all that r legally here working n paying taxes, Y do we pay for illegals having babies, they rather do that than go to work!
We need the same insurance that government has or give the government the insurance that they are going to give us Fabi
Because at it's current annual rate of increase, the insulin that's kept me alive since age 14 will cost 8 million dollars over my lifetime.
In THIS America,

ordinary people

have to
PAY
for
SURVIVING
#Cancer

by
Having
NO REAL LIFE LEFT

After
BANKRUPTCY.

#MedicareForAll
This is why I am grateful to live in Germany where we have universal healthcare.  A cancer diagnosis came last year, but I can concentrate on getting better as opposed to going broke.
Hope you  are doing well!
I'm doing very well, cancer is gone, I'm getting exceptional care, chemo is finished and all that's left is antibody treatments and radiation.  Thanks so much.  
GREAT!!!
#CancerSurvivor myself.
Namasté was actually my nickname some years ago on various forums.  That photo is beautiful!  
Because everyone needs a doctor eventually, and you can't shop around in a crisis.
I thought Obamacare fixed the healthcare system?
If you think health care is expensive now, just wait until it's "free."
You must not understand basic economics.
I don't think you do. And my religion is none of your business.
I believe we need it, but I don't believe we can afford it
Even though my spouse works for Blue Cross and makes a good wage,  our insurance is still costly and so are our meds. We often avoid going to the Dr. Our children have it way worse, one works 65 hours week as a chef and no insurance. Boss does well.Pitiful in the richest country.
We need #MedicareForAll bc not everyone gets insurance from their employers. Buying on exchanges is not working. HC is a rt, not a privelege
Cause people (like myself) don't even go to the ER when we need to because the bill will be more than we can handle. Needed sutures.
The bill for the one near my wrist was $800 so when I cut my palm open I just didn't even bother going. Now it's painful as hell. 
I can tell you why we don't.  We are not a socialist country.  Move if you don't like it.
Medicare for all retains private delivery of care. The payment should be organized and regulated
It also puts government in healthcare where they don't belong.
And the only ones who tighten their belts are the care providers and care recipients. While the insurance companies sit back and get fat.
If wages don't go up because companies wouldn't need to pay for healthcare for employees anymore. We'll know they are pure greed
One medical insurance plan to rule them all...
Many reasons, but a big one is knowing you're covered NO MATTER WHAT
Healthcare is a RIGHT, no1 should go broke staying healthy, govt can pressure providers to reign in costs. #Medicare4All
Because every other industrial nation has it already. It's time to quit denying healthcare to the poor & those with pre-existing conditions.
I don't.
Because everyone deserves the same quality of Healthcare rich or poor.
We don't.
The plan is fair and equal for all plus Volume membership controls cost!m
Because this is United States 2017, not the dark ages.  USA should be the standard other countries look up to, not the reverse.
Ww don't believe comrad Sanders.
I think you need to join the Democratic Party  & stop using us!
Because a person's health and wellbeing shouldn't be tied to their income level.  Everyone deserves a chance to be healthy.
Two words: EQUAL RIGHTS
Sole provider for my lady and (soon to be) 3 kids (twins currently). Work my ass off, family should have health care. Work won't supply.
Im 43. I work hard, 10 years at my job, pay taxes and have good insurance.  I'm lucky.  If I were to lose my job, we'd be screwed.
Too many reasons to fit in 140 characters or less
It's cost effective. Easy to enact.  Other countries do, why not US. A healthy population is good for the economy. HC is a civil right!
It costs billions of dollars for hospitals, clinics, doctors offices to support the insurances.
1. Emergency rooms should not be primary care.  2. Pre-existing conditions should be covered. 3. Medications, like food, are a right.
Because as a middle class American I shouldn't fear the idea of my wife and I having a baby due to high hospital costs
The time is now. There is no better time. Not Communism! Not Socialism! It is Democracy the CARES for its people!!!!!
I don't. And any self respecting voter shouldn't either. Why are you still relevant?  You lost to the 2nd worst presidential candidate ever who in turn lost to the very worst. Go away your 15 minutes are over.
Easily.... because you are turning over 1/6 of our economy to a proven failed institution (the federal government)... that was easy
#1: "objectively exaggerated"??? Wth does that mean lol
#2: "it's the right thing to do" is an emotional argument.  You try again sheeesh
Because no one should avoid getting medical care out of fear that they won't be able to afford it!
Because healthcare is a right not a privilege. My 95 year old grandma shouldn't have to worry about health insurance.
Each has a different set of forms. All require different claims info. Submission processes are different. Ridiculous!
Because our health is not a commodity, it is a most basic right, one that shld be free of Capitalism's predation
Medicare for All will give every family the security from medical bankruptcy & save all from the frustration of paperwork. #MedicareForAll
Didn't you say in the 80's #Medicare4All will bankrupt America...maybe you should take your own advice and stop pushing this.
Not having to worry about health care will free many Americans from having to choose between their family’s health and their careers.
We also won't be held hostage by an employer.
Because it's cheaper!! Why would every country in Europe be able to pay for universal health care and not the US. #MedicareForAll
Because every human being needs healthcare.
Because I didn't have worry that my chemotherapy would be covered & No American should have to choose death over bankruptcy. #MedicareForAll
You were fortunate. I was so close to bankruptcy going through cancer treatment and still have debt.
So sorry to hear that. It's like being hit e with 2 cancers.
My sister died of cervical cancer at 29 because no one would treat her.  Didn't accept medicaid.  The cancer was treatable but spread .
U shud be in a museum mr sander
Because I shouldn't have had to go for nine years without dental treatment when I was growing up. #MedicareForAll
I had to until I was 30 yrs. old working for Oral Roberts University as Post Mistress! Finally got Dental insurance thru my hubby's company!
I finally had a check-up when my then-boyfriend's mother insisted on paying for one for me while the BF had his. #MedicareForAll
If it's affordable and cares for every need then go for it! Make it available for every age group! Too many die for lack of insurance!
We don't need it. We need to fix the ACA with a public option.
There's needing it & then there's passing it. Only 33% of voters support M4ALL. They support universal healthcare which is what we should do
Not really. Most countries don't have SP. Bernie's bill is more generous than Canada's.
Universal healthcare is coverage of everyone under health insurance. @charles_gaba -- please set her straight.
Single Payer = a payment mechanism. It may or may not be universal. In the U.S., we have 3 different Single Payer programs…
World Health Organization supports "...the highest attainable standard of health as a fundamental right of every human being.”
Bc I have it and others should too
Bernie, You pay for those that don't have health insurance
It's basic human right that many other countries  have. Although The United States has the misconception that health care is a privilege
Because I work full time for a major healthcare company and still cannot afford to go to the Dr. or get prescriptions filled.
That's immoral and should be illegal. Thanks for speaking up for #MedicareForAll
Because we demand long wait times, poor service, and less innovation -  just like the gov't does for our veterans!
Stage 4 sister went w/o treatment 7 mos. during her last year, punted by three doctors for lack of insurance #MedicareForAll
4/The first local Dr then cancelled her first appt on 24 hrs notice and told her to seek treatment elsewhere.
We need our healthcare system to run smoothly and efficiently - just like the DMV, the US Postal System, and the VA.  We demand long lines!
Healthcare should be a human right.
Because some essentials are too important to leave up  to the heartless, unstable, greedy, and inefficient "free market". #MedicareForAll
I was on an IV until I was 3. If I could prevent the strain my parents felt for others, id do it in a heartbeat
Because even with "insurance" the poor and working class can't afford time off work for procedures or the copays for the procedure.
umm?? cuz every human deserves to live their one and only life on this earth to the fullest. maybe. idk. Dumptrump 
So I can retire before age 65.
Health insurance industry is a con. Each insurer makes their plans just a little different. It just adds overhead, expense and confusion.
Because after they save your life they financially ruin it.
people want to live and not have to worry that illness or accident will put them in bankruptcy
As an ER front desk clerk, I watched helplessly as people who waited too long to seek care died of preventable illnesses.  That is not okay.
One painful memory is of the 64-year-old underinsured man who waited until his back pain became unbearable due to a fear of high ER costs.
His abdominal aortic aneurysm ruptured on the way to the hospital. I held his sobbing wife in my arms while she blamed HERSELF for his death
So families don't have medical debt and bankruptcy due to hi deductibles & coinsurance, adding unnecessary anxiety to current health issues.
To level the playing field of life liberty and the pursuit of happiness
It gives all Americans the freedom to choose the job they want and/or change jobs and still keep their insurance.
Because living without stress about access to healthcare frees up human potential to try out new ventures. It benefits us all!
Because people shouldn't have to worry about whether they can afford to get that suspicious mole removed or not.
Because with access to free birth control teen birth rates and abortions will go down
Because it should not be REACTIONARY or PROFIT ORIENTED. It should be PREVENTATIVE and HOLISTIC, NATURAL AND CONTRADICT THE FOOD INDUSTRIES
Many family members and friends have suffered/died due to lack of healthcare as if it's a crime to be poor
Medicare is a right for everyone and @SenSanders was and is wanted and more importantly needed  for president
Bc of common sense (?)
Because the number one reason people file bankruptcy is due to medical bills.
Because no one should go bankrupt simply trying to stay alive.
Because health care is a human right
It'll make America great by ensuring healthiest Americans ever, it'll be more efficient and it'll cost less per capita than it does now.
It is a right! Help the sick! Help the economy!
Healthy citizens are more productive, miss less work and curable diseases do not turn into epidemics. Healthcare 4 all is sanitary
It's the right humane thing to do
Because no one chooses to be sick.
Because health care is a right.
Insurance cos aren't doctors, have no business deciding what treatment and meds we can or can't have. Practicing medicine with out license?
Because I have no concept of what works and what doesn't. I love to wallow in ignorance.
People can't watch other people suffer and not do anything or feel for them.
Among other things it allows creatives & entrepreneurs the freedom to work for themselves & potentially change our world for the better!
Because I'm in debt up to my eyeballs from medical bills and I'm 6 months pregnant
Why are you asking this question?
Because a man I loved died due to no health insurance.
Because I don't wanna worry that I'll be charged more just because I have Crohn's Disease
Having a medical condition should not mean that a family has to choose between rent and covering hospital bills.
As the wealthiest country in the world we are a disgrace to humanity for not making it a priority to take care of our own the best we can!
@teambernie27001 As a caregiver, I provide critical service. At $10/hr & no benefits, I can't afford healthcare. #MedicareForAll
Every single person deserves the same access to the same medical care. Without question.
A friend of mine died over the weekend because they were waiting for their insurance to kick in. Lack of insurance killed him.
I don't
healthcare, what we do improves the world, lets just go international
Because so many too Lazy to get a Job Want the Government to Support them 
We are already paying for care just too much and too late. I agree with a Medicare for All without investor owned insurance
I've livedwithout single payer and I've lived with single payer.
Trust me on this: single payer is DEFINITELY better.
We don't need #medicareforall
Because no one in a 1st world country should ever be at risk of dying due to being unable to afford basic medical care. End corporate greed.
T/ #UnitedStates needs #MedicareForAll because ALL citizens equally deserve #healthcare treatment without incurring crippling financial debt
Because caring for our fellow citizens is the hallmark of a civilized country.
Health insurance companies shouldn't profit by denying access to medically necessary care. #MedicareForAll
It could actually loosen up the jobs market. No longer would a need for health insurance force people into jobs they dislike.
Would the US Senate exempt themselves from this wonderful magical fairytale miracle like they did with ACA?
You don't need 23 underarm deodorants or 18 brands of sneakers when people can't get healthcare in this country amiright? @bayes46
We need it to protect our citizens from ill health.
Crazy that we happily pay taxes for retirement we may never live to receive but won't do the same for health care needs for today. #Duh
The status quo hasn't worked. Except for the rich!
Because I'd rather pay for a system that supports all of us instead of one propping up shareholder value for private insurers and Big Pharma
#CotsNotYachts

#MedicareExpansionNotMansions 
To unify us & promote a culture of healthy living for every citizen & society as a whole. To make our system more efficient & transparent.
To rationalize a dysfunctional health insurance system. Insurance co profits, marketing, overhead are a huge waste of $$$. Medicare WORKS!
Don't let this monster fool you
If I end up between jobs again I shouldn't fear leaving home because I've lost my coverage and am afraid an accident could bankrupt me

Because your likelihood to survive an injury or illness should not be directly related to money in your bank account.
Because bears shit in the woods. That's why
Insurance companies making billions on the backs of the ill. Unacceptable!
Because there's no fixing the for-profit mess we're in with private insurance for any kind of affordable & just solution.
It'll take work on the details and a leap of fiscal faith only something as large as a federal government can pull off.  But it can happen!
Because mental health services, preventative care, such as inhalers shouldn't mean pay or die.#SuicidePreventionMonth
Because this war economy isn't working for the working and middle class. We need to focus on life, not deal in death. @cia @DeptofDefense
Because what is national security if not the physical well being of a nation’s people? #MedicareForAll
Because the HMOs have decided to buy medical practices instead of negotiating reasonable prices.
I am an RN. I will take care of you regardless of sex, race, creed, orientation, finances, respectful or not. Our government should too.
Herceptin is a life saving antibody that has changed the course of women with her2+ breast cancer
Politicians have been in the insurance and pharma industries pockets for too long at the expense of American taxpayers. People over profits!
#MedicareForAll is not a bad idea however ur approach to getting is questionable b/c it ignores that compromise is the basis of democracy
@SenSanders healthcare should be a basic human right not a commodity used to create profits. A for-profit healthcare system is  disgusting
It is the only thing that unites us! We all deserve care and we have a right to expect it!
The health insurance industry is evil. Literally, seriously, unambiguously evil.
The same happened in the UK with Herceptin, women with breast cancer had to sue to get access
Because dysentery is real and affecting me right now!
If that should happen, would Congress' health care be part of Medicare for All?
You get what you pay for.  Single payer SUCKS!!!
Because no one should have to choose each month between health insurance or food for their families
Equal rights,sir.
Because tired of families being destroyed for lack of money and of the US being a international joke
There's no other way to control rising costs of an aging population + new climate challenges on our nation's health.
Why do you believe we need #MedicareForAll?
Because if the top thieves in government can use my tax dollars for their care and family I should be granted free health care.
health care is so expensive
Employers giving less hours so they don't have to pay healthcare. While all salary employees, management, CEOs receive healthcare & bonuses.
Because it's the compassionate thing to do. Health care should be a basic human right, not a privilege for the wealthy. #MedicareForAll
Because Every Civilized Country on Earth Already Has #MedicareForAll, instead of Stealing OUR TAXES & wasting them on WAR & not Healthcare!

B/C it is the most efficient way to finance US healthcare, market based solutions are an UTTER FAILURE.
We shouldn't have to watch a love one die because we can't afford the care!!! Outrageous
Because health insurance shouldn't be a matter of luck, as it is for me, because I get coverage through my husband.
Both of my children needed surgery in infancy for undetectable but common defects. Thankful I had coverage, still paid med. bills for years.
Less expensive and covers everyone.
I believe in life
I don't
Because millions of people suffer and their lives are ruined all because they can't afford medical treatment.
#MedicareForAll
Because I cringe every time I hear about my cancer patients getting a bill for essential medical care. What kind of country do we live in?
Sure but how are we going to pay for it?
Medicare has much less overhead costs compared to private insurance. Instead of filling pockets of insur CEOs, we treat patients. Simple.
Countries w/ a fraction of our wealth have figured it out. If we can spend trillions $ on war, we can treat our sick. It's really a scandal.
Yep! Until we cease exorbitant spending it n foreign wars, it's 100% IRRELEVANT to say "we can't afford single payer!"
Meant*on
How come no one asks "Sure but how are we going to pay for it?" when we go to war and bomb brown people?
So that you Americans can enjoy what we Canadians have enjoyed for decades.
Stop supporting illegals and the world and then just maybe we can have insurance and support the taxpayers.
We don't.
So that the uncontrolled costs will balloon out of control and force it to shut down
So no one has to choose between bills & their health! It's a right!!
Because Big Pharma profits off people's health and that must come to an end. #MedicareforAll
Well i would like your insurance plan Bernie. Its funny you never talk about you free insurance, and the best hospitals. Mayo Clinic.
Because if private insurance actually worked and was affordable, we wouldn't be asking for Medicare For All.
We need #MedicareForAll because cancer is survivable w treatment. Hospitals, doctors deserve to get paid, not bankrupted. System is not fair
http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-faq#bankrupt …

Physicans for A National Health Program think so, too.
you rock.
Its wrong that people are literally dying because they don't have access to health care
Add supplemental $$ for medical school for docs, nurses, EMTs, etc. Anyone in the medical field. Incentive! No more shortages! Teachers too.
I pay too much for insurance to not be able to afford to go see a doctor. If I get laid off, my wife goes without her MS medication.
He has MS and could not afford the care and medication that is affordable in Canada.
I would die a slow & painful death without Healthcare, as would thousands of others, while I slowly rack up thousands in debt.
Because no one should be sentenced to a sub par existance or death just because they lack the funds for decent health care!
My mom suffered for years with a chronic illness without insurance. She died without it and all that's left is debt and grief.
No one should have to make the choice between crippling medical debt and debilitating sickness. Healthcare for all.
Because I shouldn't have to worry about the costs of getting an illness looked at.
Lower costs, better results, everyone is covered & the rest of the world has a healthcare system while only America pretends to be great.
Because no American should die from being poor
My 26yo daughter has a heart defect. She works part time as much as she can. Her employer does not offer insurance. @Obamacare Obama is what
She is on now. Her cardiologist is not covered and she will need more heart surgery, a "melody valve" to be specific.
Because people shouldn't have to work for things, things should just be free, also what is an economics?
To give American children the same excellent oncology care my daughter got in Norway without bankrupting the family.
Because it's the humane and right thing to do. Health insurance should not only be guaranteed to the healthy and wealthy.
