Why did you vilify Hillary so much?
Because she's a villain.
Except there's no evidence to support that. But you live in a fantasy land where little birds choose presidents.
Hmmm. I give you Benghazi, pay to play, 33,000 emails, accepting campaign donations from foreign countries, I could go on.
No evidence of wrongdoing there.
Accepting campaign contributions from foriegn countries is ILLEGAL. No matter that it was given to the Clinton Foundation. It made it's way
You have no evidence to support this
Remember it is your patriotic duty to vote #GOP so that we can continue to kill sick children so that taxes will be lower if you get rich
butwhatabout butwhatabout butwhatabout He isn't president so it doesn't matter
So, dead children don't matter to you?
I don't like pickles on my hamburger but that isn't relevant to the topic of US healthcare either.
"Oops, I cornered myself."
*swerve* 
*make unrelated statement*
He's the one who said dead children didn't matter. Not me
We had single payer. Obama didn't like it so he used Romney's plan. Failure. Thanks Obama. Get government the hell out of healthcare.
When did we have single payer?
It's called you pay for your own damn healthcare & I will pay for mine. Also medicare is single payer. Simple & easy.
The pay your own way healthcare sys has failed, while socialized HC sys is working in countries around the world.
Oh really?
Yes, really. Trump himself acknowledged Australia (which has Medicare for all) has much better HC sys than us
They also have over 300 million fewer citizens.
Did
Amen!! Plez Keep Spreading the Word...
That’s where you’re wrong... it lets 23 million people choose. It doesn’t kick people off of health care.
Bernie, everyone knows that the 23 million number are people who are currently forced to buy insurance that will choose not to participate.
That's pretty much Obama-care. Still can't afford that crap.

'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
Bernie you were bought outtttt
They are all bought out u simpleton
Or a 'wealth care" plan
Deep tax cuts for the rich on the backs of the poor and middle class
Sounds almost like a bill of attainder
Bernie shame on you. Most of those 23 million currently ARE NOT insured. And you should know that.
Barney the lip ,Sanders.Go burn an old draft card,might help you think straight clearer.
"think straight clearer"
Oops, you got my like of attention goof ,congrats.
No more beer for me , lack not llke..
The ACA need be repaired as needed until it's replaced by UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE just like a dozen other countries. Get the meodel from them?
AHCA is bad
Who?
Walked 750 men off gondolla cars. Got creosote protective gear.  Safety Rule Book was written with the BLOOD OF OTHER WORKERS.
Soma-Hernandez Me. Gov.2k18
#poorpeoplevote
2brokegirls R GOIN' 2 CHICAGO BABY!
Until you denounce the Democratic Party, you are just another Hillary sellout. Enjoy your three homes, Bern
You mean the party actually fighting to stop millions from losing healthcare? Democrats are fighting for the people and Bernie should help.
The Democratic Party is a joke, just like the Republicans. Both are screwing our country over and both need to go!
No, there's a huge difference. Even if you think the Dems are bad, they are clearly better for people than Repubs and neither party is going
Neither party cares about the people. They care about their votes so they can stay in power. Kick the Ds and Rs out, we'll have progress
Do you really think that would happen? Even if, there'd just be new lib. and con. party. Side with the actual party standing up for poor now
Your state is overwhelmingly the most corrupted State in the Union.....I can show the millions you sieved and each partisan in ponzi.
The people of this country will not stand for this. Republicans are on their way out...we'll vote them out or throw them out!
It is not "health care" it is health insurance.  Do you know the difference?
@aplsmith5
Scary and not just in looks, god bless, Andy  xx
It's tax cuts for the rich. That's all it is, and should be called out as such. #WealthCare
Tow that party line. #dallasvotedtrump
So sad this great man was not allowed to become president due to the deeply rigged system 
You rock
Yeah, rocks 3 houses, taxpayersalary pension & perks & different healthcare than he advocates for the common folk. He rocks alright
So you're all for no healthcare for millions of fellow citizens?  That's what you're saying?

Look up Ad Hominem on wikipedia.
No, but forcing people into coverage they do not need in some cases at ridiculous costs is not the answer either
True maybe. But forcing people to pay for military they might not need, is the same thing.
Ditto for wealthy US states paying to poor states
Constitution section VIII. Says nothing about healthcare.  & why does a person who busted ass to get ahead have to pay for those who won't?
Why do poor states people get money from rich states taxpayers?
Let them get a proper job and take care of them self!
See how it works?
I agree
Stick to Star Wars, Dude
Stick with reality, man.
if OCare was as great as everyone now claims, Hillary would have won by a landslide. Hell, even
Bill was bashing OCare.
You are so correct!! What a shame all the people who will lose health care.
Let's face it, he is setting up his Chess game
Yeah, the fucking illegals and I have no problem with that
Oh but Obamacare will throw everyone off when it explodes!!!
#impeachTrumpnow
Yup, I like to call it "health neglect"
Hey Bern, in case no one's told ya.... Obamacare has cut millions out of insurance.. How lame can you get Sir.....
Sell Out Sanders you have zero credibility
Bernie, you lost all credibility after you supported HRC.....sell out
Number to get ready for me away let's be ready for billboard in all the things and it's now it's it's now.
23M loosing 500/yr in subsidies while with a $700phone $100 sneakers and $400car ..... they choose phone car or healthcare no problem here
No wonder the richest country in the world scores so low on health care compared to other countries
So Obamacare, which did the same, wasn't a health care bill? Funny, because you sure called it one a lot
Now we are to fight to keep ACA when what we need is SINGLE PAYER?? Bernie, either lead on Single Payer or GET OUT OF OUR WAY! #SinglePayer
Still waiting to hear about your pay off from Hillary...and some news on your Criminal thieving wife. Anything to say you laughing stock?
Health don't-care
Go Bernie!
Dont you mean it frees up $23M from having to pay high premiums, higher deductibles and fewer options to find a better plan? #healthcare
Lets change the law to have all pay their own way threw goods or services
Not unlike Obamacare which threw 5 million people off their plans and disrupted the lives of millions more.
What health care  Your boy Berry already F@&$ it up
Insurance is not health care it's the middle man
What part of the Constitution states the government is in control of your health care?
Didn't the CBO say #ACA would cost about $1T and cost is more than double? Is it reasonable to see CBO numbers as suspect? 
What about the people who lost health insurance with Obama care? Does that count?
What say you about Blue Shield exiting the ACA in Kansas City? Another republican caused fiasco? Or maybe your ideas are not sustainable.
People who don't pay lose coverage in a failing system but will be treated in any hospital. Deductibles down for working Class, great!
Agree with you sanders!!!!
Those ppl won't have unaffordable deductibles and can keep their doctors... Plus more choices! Can't afford those choices, but they're there
Go away - nobody cares what you think - you already fell on sword for Hillary ...
Bernie doesn't understand the difference between health care and health insurance..or does but doesn't think the public will notice.
Or perhaps a "wealth care " plan
"CBO anticipated by 2016, 21 million Americans would enroll in the law's exchanges... the real number was just about 10 million...
...Remarkably, CBO relies on its revised 2016 "baseline" in its new calculations -- but the 2016 baseline was also off by millions...
The man & his team are unravelling, God Help America
14 million are on Medicaid which should have conditions like an end date, increase in premiums ect. Should not be a free hand out
You are the best!
The argument for full publicly funded healthcare comes from Adam Smith. Healthcare can/should be considered a "public works" job for gov't.
new talking points please.... your's are so tired..... yawn
legalize polygamy, Bernie marries everyone without insurance, everyone gets the senator's awesome congressional health care plan. #FIXED
MEDICARE FOR ALL-wealthy have option to buy Cadillac plans
just like a "health care" plan enable me to keep my Dr. and drive my premiums up 4x over the last 4 years?
if #America is so great then why'd you need #healthcare #Obamacare ?
@IndivisibleOc #TrumpDeathCare
It's a tax cut.  Let's call it what it is.
Why couldnt we just have had you for prez
So your answer is to make healthcare unaffforable for 93 mil? Maybe you can focus on our brikem education system so the poor can rise up
Socialism is a disaster for mankind. It kill millions and millions people on earth already. Health Care should be a business rules only.
If people don't get we r in a class war, we will lose the middle class. Probably in my lifetime. Taxation wo representation @justicedems
Tell Trump to stop SABOTAGING OBAMACARE to make it crash. America knows.
Go away
No that's get your ass out and go to work as you should do
Destroying healthcare for the middle class is how the Republicans plan to eliminate the middle class.
Just like you did to mine when the ACA passed.
Sounds like an ACA description.
There's your death panels the GOP was accusing the Dems of.
A good health care plan also doesn't punish ppl for staying healthy.
Keep in mind that the CBO said most of those uninsured will be because of the removal of the mandate.
Your right and I don't understand how easy it is to this to the people who can't afford it as well as the elderly,also the kids
No you like the Obama plan which set us on a path to destroy our once great medical system. You are not compassionate...you are a destroyer!
Neither does a health care plan raise rates by over 30% kicking people off - short term memory loss
Republicare was never meant to be a healthcare plan. It's a wealthcare plan because the GOP only care about the wealthy.
Nor should it make profits that suck poor sick people dry making them even sicker.
That's Wealth Care, just a thinly veiled slash to line his own family's pockets.  Fewer covered = Everyone else pays more, hospitals close.
The 23 million people includes the 22 million on #welfare and people who don't want it. Try selling your 3 houses to help some of them.
You mean like obamacare did- you're a fraud, the new plan doesn't do that, unlike obamacare which created more hardships than fixes.
Its even a bigger lie  Obama threw off many more including my wife and doubled our premiums  You are a HYPOCRICT sir
Obama destroyed my health plan and replaced with something inferior. Irony much? You hate free people making free choices.
Touche'
TrumpNOcare!
YOU ARE RUNNING IN 2020 or NOT ???
Healthcareless.
And wealthy people will get tax cuts
People live to long and near end of life they use to many $$$ in medical care. Just face reality it time to meet your maker.
Horrific
They r not trying to help ppl.. they just want the tax breaks
No. That's a @GOP healthcare plan.
He's hillary's bitchboy that got paid off. COWARD!
Simplistic words from a simplistic man.
It is a "we don't care " Bill.
Im so glad you arent President
It's not health care. It's #TrumpsWealthCare #WealthCare
How many millions pay for healthcare and can't afford to use it
That's a "Kill my 5 YO grandson," plan. Gavin born too soon with a bad heart. So many surgeries. So many hospital er visits.
now you are repeating a wrong cbo number again because you must say something anti trump to get re elected
Its not health care its disease care...stop monsanto

You are the light everyone is holding out for, Sir. Please be there in 2020. We are all behind you! We need you now more than ever.
A real healthcare plan doesn't allow doctors to dictate to you a lesser level of life saving measure based on how much you can pay either.
it's easy to lower premiums by selling a shittier product.
Thank you for your service Senator Sanders. 
Completely agree. Thanks for speaking out @SenSanders

They should have called it the UCP - Unhealthy Care Plan AKA Trump Plan
#Sanders you are the best!
You bet it is. IT sad what this country is becoming with trump in charge
Nationalized Health Care is the only way. Every other plan will fail.
I guess it's a good thing there are no democrats "bought off" by the health insurance complex, that should save us...us..oh shit, nevermind
it's 2 bad we don't have a super popular conscientious & ethical independent politician ABLE to lead a"NEW PARTY" devoted to anti-corruption
imagine, wait, no... that's just a John Lennon song. We know what the establishment does to songs, writers & uncorruptables, don't we?
And this is a destroy democracy and destroy our country kinda government so it makes sense...
Who? Hillary?? There is no Hillary campain or an Obama administration.  They all went there own ways after the transition. There all gone
How many of those 23 million could work. I know not all and those that need it should get it free. Why should I pay double.
Dont forget the 14 million off health care in the first year and thousands dying because they cant get transplants or care in nursing homes.
Dems need to quit being over dramatic. When somebody calls your baby ugly, the sky is not falling.
Your a liar Bernie Sanders on health care SCARE tactic hello !
Bill Clinton corruption took million from Russia you did nothing
BERNIE Sanders your a compelet moron
It can, if made by trump administration... lol
The only option is Medicare for All. Anything less is corporatist. Healthcare is a RIGHT. #med4all NOW! #SB562 today, #HR676 tomorrow
Sir, u don't care of people who work hard
#Trumpcare
It's a Wealthcare plan.
How many are not insured right now. ACA was supposed to get everyone insured too.
ACA's greatest flaw was it's reliance in private insurers, forcing citizens to pay for CEO profits. #SinglePayer would be best. Go Dawgs!
So in 8 years no Democrat has a plan to fix ACA. Just keep going the way it is. You know. Keep your Dr or pass it then read what's in it.
My plan is get the federal government out of the health care business completely
No money for cancer research? No more public medical schools?
Funny that so many people think Bernie "cares".
I guess you failed to notice the CBO annotation that said the majority of those that "lose" their health insurance would opt out anyway
Jesus:Feed Hungry,Heal Sick, Welcome Strangers,Visit Prisoners=
#UniversialHealthcare #TaxReform #JusticeReform #DACA #Resistance 
@maddow
No, we've already had the "destroy healthcare" plan...
When all these angry fools who voted for trump eventually declare bankruptcy due to health care costs I hope they remember this shit.
Fucking roast 'em Bernie
Sen. Sanders, GOP do not care about Americans. Look @ Trump's Budget. He screws the poor and middle class. He breaks laws WTF
#CBOscore  shows #TrumpCare 

Takes care of healthy and Rich at
the expense of the Poor and Sick

#NotChristian #NotProLife @maddow #Resist
#DraftJoeKennedy2020
But no free lunches Bernie. You want free go to Europe. Or you pay for them since you have so much money.
Your right it's not about throwing people off that are getting poor health ins. It's about making a better one.  Everyone has access
The Republicans don't care about the people they represent. From the beginning of time, what major legislation have they past for the people
Rust belt, are you listening?  This is YOUR children who they're throwing to the wolves.  Can we convince you NOW they're not your friends?
They will still have ACCESS to affordable healthcare, instead of being forced into ripoff Obamacare
Sell out! Seth Rich tried to help expose Hillary for you and you've don't nothing but take it up the arse.
#fakenews
@politico @HuffPost What do you call what's happening to Obamacare?
Donald Trump is heartless a man has that no conscience he doesn't care about all the kids, by taking away their food  and their Healthcare.
In 10 years but they are all people who choose not to be forced to buy something they don't want
Fight them, Bernie. Work with anyone you can to beat them. They are threatening millions. They have to be stopped.
Bernie - HILLARY Cheated and you lost. Play ball With President Trump or take a seat. Lee Eric Newton Senatorial Candidate NJ 15th district
You mean like Obamacare? It threw me off my healthcare, but you didn't care about that, did you?
That's how it works Bernie. We go from BAD (Obamacare was bad enough) to WORSE (Trumpcare is worse). It NEVER gets better. You know that.
What about those of us that were thrown off our healthcare bc of #Obamacare? Mr @SenSanders you have NEVER answered that question.
And he never will ~ he doesn't care that people are forced to buy insurance they can't afford or use due to high $$ deductibles
Millions choosing to dump shitty plans that they hate is now "throwing them off".
Trump attacking women, children, working class Americans and gives tax cuts to himself, his family, and his billionaire friends
That's a f**k 23 million people who cares about them plan kinda like trump has been doing the whole time he has been in office
Snappy
Unfortunately, the Senate will pass this since the CBO says it will reduce the deficit by 110 billion over the next 10 years. Money talks.
We don't really have a health care plan! It's something to make officials feel like we do!
This sounds more like a purge of the poor, elderly & sick.  Kill them all & they won't need heathcare.
What Trump wants: Burn land, boil sea, foul air, reduce health care, disgrace women, ignore science, wall off America, make the rich richer
We gotta stop our stupidity on health care. It must be guaranteed to all citizens of the United States. That's a hard line stance.
