I also want to thank the first responders who did an outstanding job responding to this tragedy, saving many lives.
Last night’s attack is the deadliest mass shooting in our country's modern history. This year there have been more mass shootings than days.
It should be clear that we have got to do everything we can to stop guns from falling into the hands of people who should not have them.
It is long past time for Congress to take action on gun safety to save innocent lives.
Daily, 91 people die from self-inflicted opioid abuse yet nearly twice that die from bullets!? And America's crisis is opioids not guns!? 
It’s time to ACT. Enough is Enough
You never vote for gun control so thoughts mean nothing action does
Of course Comrade Bernie's thoughts are in #LasVegas. A chance to disarm Americans. Fortunately, we have #PresidentTrump to stand up for us
From the guy who said he owed Sandy Hook folks nothing and has voted against gun control. Prbly the biggest reason you didn't get my vote.
Where did he say he owed nothing to the people of Sandy Hook?
Actually he said he didn't owe the people of Sandy Hook an apology.
He does. For voting against SH parents and supporting gun manufacture rights to sell military grade weapons to civilians.
If you actually read the bill, it has nothing to do with legal purchasing. It has to do with marketing to inappropriate audiences.
We need more than thoughts and prayers now. As long as the NRA keeps its influence these tragedies will keep happening! No more guns!!
The NRA used to be safety oriented & supported common sense legislation. Now they are only lobbyists for the gun industry & hate all laws
we need a new national gun organization for reasonable people. Safety oriented and supporting smart gun laws. What the nra USED to be.
Hey atr and 1
boy that looks like a fake account. Just formed, one tweet and following 56 "liberal: pages.  Looks like a GOP version of what a liberal is
The difference in hearing this from you, is that I believe you genuinely care.
Also:

#MentalHealthAwareness #MentalHealthMatters #FuckDepression #HealthCareIsAHumanRight #MedicareForAll #HelpNotHurt #LasVegasMassacre

We need action, not thoughts.
Prayers sent to the Victims and their families doing this tragic shooting in Las Vegas...This is so heartbreaking end of time's are here...
Don't lie Bernie Youre just bandwagoning. If you cared about the American people at all youd stop pushing programs that would further tax us
Additionally you would stop advocating policy to strip those of us who would stand and protect of our personal weapons.
The U.K. have free healthcare & college... what’s America’s excuse...
The UK can also show up to your house and declare you bankrupt on the spot. And break into your home and take your stuff to repay any debt
If you think just because they did it we should you should consider what else they practice.
Are you aware that regular unleaded fuel is over $9USD there? And the average flat is almost double the cost of comparable housing in CA?
What does this have to do with the subject?
RIP
My thoughts are with the families today who will lose someone tomorrow, because we can't seem to be able to find a way to control this.
SenSaunders you have a heart for america I pray they vote you in as president 2020/21
all the guns stores and shooting ranges should be closed.

Prayer and Policy change both needed 
Except you have continually fought against gun control with your own votes.
Being able to sue a gun manufacturer for what someone who legally bought a gun from them is idiotic.
Suing a gun company for marketing military grade weapons to civilians is totally reasonable. See the events of the last 24 hours.
So one could sue McDonald’s for getting fat?
That’s obviously not the point I was trying to make. Suing a manufacturer for an legal product is dumb. Change the laws to make it illegal
Exactly my point, while we all probably agree on stricter gun control laws. You can't sue a gun company for selling legal weapons legally.
The reason why Bernie Sanders supports the gun lobby is because it's an important part of his base in Vermont.
So does this mean you will actually vote for gun control this time, or is this more bluster? Do more -- Say less Bern...
Gun companies shouldn't be sued for what ppl who legally buy their guns do with it. Bring on gun control laws but that one was rubbish.
2/2 Listen to the videos again and tell me why a hunter would need that type of firepower and speed... Unsafe products shouldn't be sold...
I definitely agree w/ you but let's change the laws to ban those guns. But you shouldn't be able to sue a company who sold a legal product.
ok well he also voted against the Brady Bill multiple times, my point is instead of him pandering do something to help... just my 2 cents...
He supports gun control, remove the part about being able to sue gun companies who made a gun that is legal to own and make the gun illegal.
1/* He says he supports gun control, i mean kinda, but i look at his actual voting record and disagree... Fact is DEM or GOP has to pander..
Me to Bernie very sad but a tragedy like Las Vegas reminds all other living people that have been in or affected by previous tragedys
???
Really wishing The Bern would just go the Hell away.
This is what happens when this country doesn't have gun control. There are more guns here then citizens. Its a problem. It'll never end.
Then quit voting with the @NRA all the time.
...Except for the religion in schools. People can believe whatever lies they want, but keep it out of the classroom.
Your damned race baiting does not help!  Stop it!
How is he race baiting?
You're as phony as a three dollar bill!!!
Keep your "thoughts." You are part of the problem. You have voted against #guncontrolnow at least 5 times.
Hes voted against laws holding manufacturers responsible for their legal products. Going to sue Chevy when someone driving one is drunk?
So what's his excuse for voting against the Brady Bill 5 times?
I don't believe you I think you are focused on the 2nd amendment I have lost all trust in you we should be mourning together not bickering.
We should also be able to tackle mental health issues by making health care free and accessible to all.
This had 0 to do w/ mental health! The mentally ill are more likely to be victims than perps. The myth that MI = dangerous needs to STOP.
My thoughts and prayers are with Las Vegas
Thoughts and prayers are warm and fuzzy, now enact laws to get these type of guns off the streets.
Bernie  (whom I would have voted for) reminds me more and more of an old Paul Revere & the Raiders tune: Too much talk and not enough action
Your thoughts should be on the charges that  you and your wife are facing for fraud.
2nd amend was written for a different time & purpose. Forefathers wouldn’t have sanctioned laws that allow this madness. We need gun control
https://thinkprogress.org/gun-silencer-vote-a6d777b63eb0/amp/ …
They're about to make it worse
Cause Mass Murders: #Hawk Mentality—US #Wars—Violent #VideoGames—#IncomeInequality—Lack #MedicareForAll—True #GunControl Stop Manufacturing
Our thoughts are not enough #GunContolNow
Exactly, the UK strictly prohibits guns, and their economy is much better than ours. Next we should make schools more like theirs except....
Today I am think it is Great to have your thoughts with the victims and families.  Tomorrow, get to work making us safe!
NRA gave 21 mill $ to Trump - in ads against HRC and direct support.  Will we ban assault weapons and silencers when they've bought him?.
No law or Gov in this country anymore  just Lies
Let's re-calibrate what we think Americans one on this issue
Thanks staffer.
We realize -B was too busy to send the tweet himself
How about you get your pals to do something about gun control.
God Bless you,your a decent man and deserve all the respect from this country,
All campaign donations made by the NRA to our legislators should be donated to the victims of the Las Vegas terrorist!
Your thoughts r always with socialism
Backgrounds checks would not have worked in this situation and I'll be dammed if the government try  to take our guns away by banning them.
It's time to do something!!!!
Yeah vicitms are on twitter right now wondering if your thoughts are with them. What a useless cliche tweet. #virtuesignaling
Too bad you can't get your votes in line with your "thoughts."

How sad is it that I'm actually waiting for Clintonistas to blame you for this like they scapegoated you for Sandy Hook?
#GunControlNow
Deeply Saddened by this news that over 50 died and 406 injuries , Damn Evil Gun Manufacturers and damn those who support them
Like Bernie.
How is Bernie comparable?
Hey Bernie! Its time for Gun Legislation as its Public Health Issue.
Was this another one of your supporters?
#GunControlNow
Guns are not just needed for hunting. They are needed for self defense and to keep from  tyranny. I like you Bernie don't let that change.
All part of the politically promulgated #AmericanScream - Desperation never sleeps!
You should send them some money...I'm sorry, redistribute some of your wealth to those less fortunate. I bet you won't.
Stick your thoughts bloody bernie
Please say something about gun control.
Really?
Thanks staffer.  -B napping?
#NeverDJTHRC Mass Shootings–NRA lobbyist co-hosted @HillaryClinton fundraiser http://interc.pt/1oWil29  —Phalanx @DNC lobbyists NRA employees
Sent by your staffer.  Thanks not Bernie
NRA shill, keep thier loss out of your mouth.
Needless to say the discussion goes back to gun reform. Thx Bernie for all you do!

"occupy democrats", ULTIMATE hypocrites don't mention Obama and Clinton taking money from gun manufacturers, selling 70% of the world's arms, bombing 7 countries...GUNS BAD BUT VOTE FOR OUR ARMS DEALERS. Fuck them.
Please help us -Trump sucks! How is this our reality? He's shown he is not a leader, has no soul, no respect for any1. A global threat
What is better than 'thoughts and prayers'?  GUN CONTROL.  DO SOMETHING.
@realDonaldTrump Thoughts and prayers are all well and good but when will someone actually do something so you don’t have to anymore??
your thoughts are with political profit.
We are all grieving.
ASSAULT weapons should only be in the hands of Military. BAN the dang lobbying (bribes), the NRA hands politicians! Good start!
You wishes, prayers, harmonic convergencess, do nothing for the dead. Quit campaigning and STOP THE CARNAGE #Bernie2020 = friend of NRA
Politician's starting a War in America to much Hate
No one needs an assault weapon to hunt deer, elk, bear or target practice or marksmanship. Keep your pistols and rifles. Ban assault weapons
Hope your thoughts are with changing gun laws!!
It amazes me that @waynelapierrejr and the @NRA continue to fight against any common sense gun legislation in spite of all the massacres that have occurred in recent years. This is not what the second amendment is about!
Even you didn't call it a terrorist attack 
Look who's attacking you already. "Her".
What a crook she is
Yet again, Bernie Sanders is on my TV. How come I don't hear a cacophony of media voices telling him to "shut up and go away?"
Peter is a "he", not a "she".

That's who you're talking about, right?
Front for "her"
Who's the "her"?
Maybe you didn't hear me.  Who is the "her" that you are saying that Peter is a "front" for?  

His wife?  his mother?
Good God, man, she's not Voldemort.  Say her name.
A Boulder City resident died at the Strip massacre last night. Trying to find out if it is one of my friends. 
It’s because of lack of gun control... the fuck does Bernie have to do with what happened in LV

Then stand up to the NRA....you are weak on this...
Well then please take a breath before you start politicizing this tragedy - please, out of respect for the victims and their families......
Weren't they both done by Democrats? Maybe we should just take Democrats rights away
Bernie why were you not there in that consert hearing  so that you did not have to commit suicide
Trump said that this is a miracle. Why do we thoughts and prayers for miracles?
Gun control
In Roman times would only barbarians wear weapons..... The right for civilians to have a weapon is a barbarian, non-Christian law.
Your thoughts are how can you politicize this...
gun laws must be changed
This is what happens when you remove Jesus and his father from our culture and people have no fear of eternal consequences.
Your thoughts. HAHA.
Thanks staffer
Yes, people pull the trigger, but guns are the instrument of death. Gun control is necessary, and delay means more death and horror.
DUI's kill more people in this country than anything else, why aren't we blaming alcohol and throwing in more regulation on that?
The number used to be much higher then we did just what you suggest. Were u born yesterday? Unaware of laws about DUIs?
Prayer, love to all there and the families.
No one wants your thoughts. You voted to allow guns in National Parks and on AMTRAK.
I am in unity with all who apologize to the victims that are suffering from natural & unnatural assaults in the world we make together.
Your prayers are political. Who's the elected spokes person the Left plan to use to attack the 2nd?  Time to come up with a new narrative
Sorry, this sounds too trite for someone of your intelligence and eloquence. I know you know, but we need LAWS, and not thoughts or prayers!
that's not that hard old man...
Minha solidariedade .
Amerika will not do anything about this.  Our corptocracy does not care about 56 people getting killed and 500 or so wounded by a shooter.
America was already messed up... since the day it was founded...
Fact check: false (right now). You can't yet label him a terrorist until political aim is identified.
God Bless the Victims, Evil,Awful,but Las Vegas Every Dept. From top to the people!! Las Vegas has the Best Leadership in the World!!!
If your not going to take action just shut up.Tired of hearing hypocrites especially YOU, and their useless thoughts.
Dems should act "Fast & Furious" to control the guns getting into the hands of bad guys...

I call bullshit! Your thoughts are on gun control in a country where it WILL NOT BE INFRINGED!
i'll bet YOUR relatives at the camps wished THEY had access to firearms
Thank you Bernie
But you'll vote with the NRA next time like you always do. You're the @SenJohnMccain of guns.
Stephen Padlock is a registered Democrat ! Imagine that.
Bernie POTUS 2020...of N. Korea. C'mon Bernie supporters! Support socialist fossil Bernie for a good cause! Anything that shuts him up!!!!!
Before or after u go after gun control
Enact gun control now!!!
REALLY? A "thoughts & prayers, we must DO something" tweet? We are way past that. Your rhetoric on gun violence has been pathetic at best.
Socialist dictators with guns kill people
"Thoughts"do nothing. Votes do. #berniehypocrite
Don't let the political hacks in the capital holdback discussion on automatic weapons with the same excuses used like Huckabee sanders
If we fail to control Guns, they will definitely control us
You called for violence in your "revolution".
Then you need to vote for gun control laws.
Meanwhile...you're trying to profit by politicizing Puerto Rico. You're becoming increasingly despicable.
And what about trucks bloody bernie?  France had over 80 killed with one truck and the muslim driver  Shall we ban all trucks bloody bernie?
The weapon that was used is most likely from the illegal black market. So gun control wouldn't have prevented this.
Pass the tax reform
I think it’s high time for the US to find a way to bring article 2 of the US Constitution into the 21st century. Abolish private guns!!
@BrandonTCedeno bulkshit
My condolences and prayers are with the families.
Please direct folks to ALL local blood banks. Vegas will be resupplying itself from across NV first, then neighbor states and so forth.
This is the most effective way we all can help RIGHT NOW, as hundreds of people are injured and in urgent need of critical care.

¡Gracias!
We can and we will work concurrently on ways to fight the glorification of weapons, but presently THIS is the emergency on our hands.
Thank you Bernie!
Leftist rhetoric and hate speech spurs on people like that! I hope you,re proud!
Leftist rhetoric? Bernie didn’t tell anyone to go kill mass amount of people... stop pushing your agenda...
#Pray4Vegas o(╥﹏╥)o 

And do you know what is going on in Barcelona? I found out two tragedies in one day!
#GunControlNow
It's easy to realize that your thoughts are genuine not a political statement
But, but the NRA Bernie, they are your friends. 
which is why I will never support you.
Need more than thoughts @SenSanders. Where’s your leadership in lawmaking?
Agreed, it's not just @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP responsible for making a change.
What thoughts?
You come up short on gun control. Sad
It takes more than one person to implement gun control and push for laws on it. He needs backing. Call your state representatives
What are your thoughts about the solution about all the gun violence your vote allows.
How about some sensible gun control, what does it take for a country to wake up.

Wow the left just can't control their HATE WHEN YOU HATE ANOTHER PERSON THAT BAD YOU NEED SOME HELP MAYBE A TALK WITH A PASTOR MIGHT HELP
"A Shooter" doesn't describe the horror when you're hearing automatic machine gun fire. Again, MACHINE GUN FIRE!
Let's pray for them
Somebody please pull the life support plug on this old Socialist fart.
I'd also like to pray for stricter gun laws. The domestic #terrorism in US is out of control. No law-abiding citizen needs assault weapons.
Ok Bernie. We'll never forget where you stand on gun control.
I always get aroused when Pink Mosquitos, become maggot fly shit, fertilizer. Its a brave new world and soon, with less rights.
Forget thoughts, let’s talk about gun control legislation. NOW.
Odds are this was another one of your crackpot supporters, Bernie, so maybe keep your mouth shut?
Do you know the shooters political party??? 50 people died... stop pushing your agenda...

Is good your thoughts with with families victims, but millions of Americans we trust and hope your actions to stop gun violence, you can @SenSanders .!!!!!!
Is that all you are doing today, Senator? Thinking? Today is Monday, a work day. You should be WORKING to end gun violence!
ENOUGH! Just effing do something about automatic rifles!! It's the least you can do!
You can do something to
Let's see how long it takes you & yr colleagues on Left to use this horrific event to push a political agenda. My guess is before end of day
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Americans r sufferng, dying in Vegas & PR while U maintain derangd people in WH #FixItNow! @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
