It's not 2010 anymore genius. Get updated talking points.
I am all for solar,but the technology is not there to where it is cheap enough to be prolific.Until that day,fuck spending tax dollars on it
It is cheap enough to be prolific. What exactly do you want to spend tax money on?
Solar receives massive subsidies, yet in Colorado, outfitting a small house with panels is $20,000. Doesn't seem that cheap...
Hopefully solar will get cheaper. I can't wait 10 years for a ROI when I install panels on my roof.
10 years is too long?  I want in on your investment opportunities
Most likely I won't be in this house in 10 years, so yes, it is too long when I have to spend $10k to save $100/m in electric bill.
I agree in that scenario.  But also consider they add to home value
I get it, and would love to install them, but I'm broke as a joke. I feel like if the price would come down many more people would install.
China is working on it!
Solar should concentrate on collecting infrared radiation and not photons producing electricity . Work defined as how much heat produced and
there are coatings available to capture more heat heat than that which can be produced by solar panels. This heat can be used to produce
steam which can turn generators to produce electricity. More electricity per square inch of collection area than photoelectrics
Radar absorbing coatings used in stealthy aviation also absorbs solar radiation very efficiently
Pretty obvious
Sanders/Gore 2020
Lol. Sounds like a horror movie 
Lol literally didn’t ask your mayo face
I think Gore is termed out as VP, it would have to be Gore/Sanders 2020.
We'd like to thank the Burlington Public Library for lending Bernie some room to do his work!
to power NY City, you would need the entire sq footage of NJ for the panels, solar jobs numbers are a hoax !!!
NYcs demand is about 8 to ten gigawatts, you can get 1.5gw for 43 square km. Storage area use is not an issue.
Lets be incredibly generous and install 30 gigawatts worth that is 860 square kilometers of solar. The area of NJ is .. 22,591.38 km2
Given the ENTIRE continental united states could be powered from a 10,000 square kilometer plant ...half of NJ. For all of it.
So in short ...you are wrong. Very wrong.
And a bot. But in this case its best not to leave this terrible post unchallenged.
Sorry Bob attended a conference at Trina Solar in China, it was their claim, and not the claims of a guy who googled for his response !!
.. Your not even an automated bot just a badly made puppet account with stock pictures. Dude. Do better if your going to play that game.
You make it sound amazing, but remember the US Government is subsidizing the effort, and is 20Trillion in debt!
True but fossil fuels are also subsidized even though it could survive on its own. Solar was kick started by the gov. Eventually phase out..
Yes that is true, but the cost of producing solar panels is greater than the company can recover in sales without a large increase in price
that's not true... china is making most of them anyway.
Prices would probably go up or we'll be left behind if subsidies are eliminated. Most of Europe does the same already.
actually, right now there are tariffs on solar panels imported from china and sold in the US.
Al Gore is an opportunist,  and I don't trust him.  Global warming is real but it has been going on for millions of years.
Without global warming we wouldn't have our mountains, rivers, great divide. But we need to keep air, water, soil clean of 
Junk we create.
Energy policy should be an all of the above policy.
Soon it will be pump operators to pump all that water out of New York right...oh wait there isn't any water to pump out lol
COAL!
President Sanders talks with vice president Al Gore about climate change.
2 libertards laughing about how they fooled the people and stole a fortune.
Well, if U have 4 jobs & then U increase 2 12 jobs, U could say job grow = 300%. U & Al (Mr. Internet) stop flying in UR jets & I'll listen.
In the US alone, the solar workers are three times the amount of all the coal jobs in the planet. And it's growing faster too.
Coal is dead.
Agree we need more than traditional energy sources. Let's not over-inflate  successful economic impact of renewables. They are efficient.
So let's bring back coal!  Bigly smarter than training miners to enter the solar industry.
Do the solar panels fuel his private jet?  Too hard to lie now I Guess....
And at the same time, Trump is trying to revive the coal industry.
2==morons
Sanders/Gore for 2020!!!
Which means 0 jobs.
Al fucking Gore...
But Montana Energy commission has just put a time limit on small energy projects.  NortHWest Energy at work to maintain their monopoly.
Stealing jobs from honest hard working coal miners!
Our misguided leader thinks coal is the future.  More solar jobs in  California than coal jobs in country.  DT lacks vision.
2 men in America that SHOULD HAVE BEEN OUR PRESIDENT, but had it stolen by Karl Rove and DNC.
Two old rich white liberals!
Is your home solar powered and do you drive a tesla
Solar is subsidized by the #Government.Still not practical on its own. #AlGore is lobbying his business. to @SenSanders
how do i take advantage of these subsidies?
Tax refunds for solar installments in homes.
my point is a tax credit to the consumer is different from a subsidy
Companies get tax breaks also.
lots of companies get lots of tax breaks for reason both fair and nefarious
Unsustainable temporary jobs. If you politicians ever worked a day in your life you would understand that this is real life not politics.
The carbon output of makin solar is as bad as any other carbon producer!!
You're an excellent team.
Wind Energy!
Not in my back yard.
Wrong
#Solar power is the way!!!!
Government subsidies
Not true Al, jobs in the legal marijuana industry are growing faster.
In China where u 2 belong
My registration was over three months expired and I didn't notice until yesterday
that doesn't say much unless it is contextualized better. Over what time period? What were the numbers at the beginning?
"Bank fraud jobs are growing 100% faster in you household than all other jobs" - @SenSanders
Sen. Sanders please post link where us peasants can find these jobs 
Show me where they are posted I can't seem to find them 
And coal jobs?  How are they doing?
@GabbayAvi לתשומת לבך
Ha ha ha don't see any posted in indeed monster zip recuiter
http://www.indeed.com/m/jobs?q=Solar+Installation&l=Pennsylvania …
https://www.indeed.com/m/jobs?q=Solar+Energy&l=Pennsylvania …
260,000 in direct solar employment alone.
Where?
US wide. Install is still not heavily automated unlike coal/gas/oil. If your in iron work go to wind.
Long term even high grade metulurgical coal is under threat as electrosmelting spreads.
That, aircraft fuel and gas will be the hold outs other than plastics.
The circus is hiring. You two need to join. Clowns.
With or without Federal tax subsidies?
And it's a lie because? Granted this is from one of the more optimistic reports. A domestic study shows 12%. Your counter?
@takatanekiuchi @algore 英語はできませんので日本語で。タックスヘイブン改革を日本、アメリカ、ヨーロッパで合意して下さい。１％の富裕層増税を。貧富の格差是正を。その頃は日本の総理はアベではないでしょう。
But... But... Coal jobs! 
Show us the data you two bozos
Any word on Janes investigstion?
yesssssssss!! MORE SOLAR,,less coal!
Put the kochsucker btos. Out of business!
Wait...Trump claims coal is back...Bigly...MAGA...lol!!
Yeah, cause of free markets.  When government gets involved it goes to shit
Two of the biggest liars in politics right there.
Ba ba but... what bout that "clean coal"?
And yet, @realDonaldTrump thinks the future is coal!

Mr.Bizman, another career choice u should avoid- commodities.
he's never claimed to be a GOOD businessman

just that he makes lots of "deals"

bad ones usually.
we can thank tesla for that, not you. if anything the regs being pushed are slowing it down
Tens of million of jobs in renewable energy. Estimated 1 million new in the uk at 100% green. As well as innovation. None in fossiles.
It's also corporate welfare progressives claim to be against
Drill baby drill!
LOL
Who cares? Coal is the american Future 
Blue state America
Solar is pretty hot.
Blotted POS
What do ink blots and Point of Sale systems have to do with this?
Nice fake statistic. Solar jobs are so small any slight increase in # makes a much larger % gain. You're not fooling smart people just Dems.
Great more jobs
when there are so few, proportionally it's easier to grow. Let's talk actual #s, not fuzzy liberal % change numbers.
Wanna talk numbers? Sure. Solar makes up for a small percent of our energy use. If we use it for MORE of our energy, we'll need more solar
panels. This isn't just numbers, it's common sense.
Renewables is the future!!!
But @realDonaldTrump wants coal.

Ignorant backwards man.
This is the industrial future of this nation. Rep's must understand
Can't happen as long as we have a Pres that lives in the past & he is surrounded by butt kissers.
